Contrast World (Background Materials)
A More detailed listing of sources for the book Contrast World: Imagined Possibilities

Description:
(This book relates to the first book published – Contrast World: Imagined Possibilities)

Book is a more detailed background if people want it.
Book has my thoughts related to sources as I came up with ideas for the book.  I put my fictional ideas first, then the source.

Everything related to my ideas is a rough, rough draft
It May contain errors, so my ideas are not copyrighted and can be considered in the public domain.  People can change and copy ideas as they like.  My ideas are CC0 “No Rights Reserved.”

Sources listed are copyrighted; please check original sources for information.

Thank you for reading

Mike Searson

  

Nazi Germany 


(Main Source)
		Shirer, William. (1960) The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany.   New York: Ballantine Publishing Group.


 

I.	The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich 


The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich

The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany
	The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany (by William L. Shirer)

Foreword
	Book One: The Rise of Adolph Hitler
	Chpt. 1: Birth of the Third Reich
	Chpt 2: Birth of the Nazi Party
	Chpt. 3: Versailles, Weimar, and the Beer Hall Putsch
	Chpt. 4: The Mind of Hitler and the Roots of the Third Reich

	Book Two: Triumph and Consolidation 
	Chpt. 5: The Road of Power 1925 - 31
	Chpt. 6: The Last Days of the Republic 1931- 33
	Chpt. 7: The Nazification of Germany 1933 - 34
	Chpt. 8: Life in the Third Reich 1933 - 1937

	Book Three: The Road to War
	Chpt. 9: The First Steps: 1934 - 37
	Chpt. 10: Strange, Fateful Interlude: The Fall of Blomberg, Fritsched, Neurathand and Schract
	Chpt. 11: Anschluss: The Rape of Austria
	Chpt. 12: The Road to Munich
	Chpt. 13: Czechoslovakia Ceases to Exist
	Chpt. 14: The Turn of Poland
	Chpt. 15: The Nazi - Soviet Peace
	Chpt. 16: The Last Days of Peace
	Chpt. 17 The Launching of World War II
	
	Book Four: War, Early Years Victories and the Turning Point
	Chpt. 18: The Fall of Poland
	Chpt. 19: Stzkrieg in the West
	Chpt. 20: The Conquest of Demark and Norway
	Chpt. 21: Victory in the West
	Chpt. 22: Operation Sean Lion: The Thwarted Invasion
	Chpt. 23: Barbarossa: the turn of Russia
	Chpt. 24: A turn of the tide
	Chpt. 25: The turn of the United States
	Chpt. 26: The Great Turning Point: 1942 - Stalingrad and El Alamein
	
	Book Five: Beginning of the End
	Chpt. 27: The New Order
	Chpt. 28: The Fall of Mussolini
	Chpt. 29: The Allied Invasion of Western Europe and the Attempt to kill Hitler

	Book Six: The Fall of the Third Reiche
	Chpt. 30: The Conquest of Germany
	Chpt. 31: Goetterdammenug: The Last Days of the Third Reich

	A Brief Epilogue

	Forward
	“A totalitarian dictatorship, by its very nature works in great secrecy and knows how to preserve that secrecy from the paying eyes of outsiders.” (p. ix)

	“I detest totalitarian dictatorship in principle and came to loathe this one the more I lived through it and watched its ugly assault upon the human spirit” (p. x)

Book One: The Rise of Adolph Hitler
Chpt. 1: Birth of the Third Reich

“That evening from dusk until far past midnight the delirious Nazi storm troops marched in a massive torchlight parade to celebrate the victory”(p. 19)

Revolution
“It is almost like a dream . . . a fairly tale .. the new Reich has been born.  Fourteen years of work has been crowned with victory.  The German revolution has begun.” (p. 20)

The power of the original great leader to change history
(in the bad world) - people will praise the original great leader and people will wonder in a frightened way how life could have been different without the original great leader
	“But without Adolph Hitler, who was possessed of a demonic personality, a granite will, uncanny instances, a cold ruthlessness, a remarkable intellect, a soaring imagination and - until toward the end, when drunk with power and success, he overreached himself, - an amazing capacity to size up people and situations, there almost certainly would never have been a Third Reich.
	It is one of the great examples…of the singular and incalculable powers of personality in historic life.” (p. 21)

In the bad society - have greetings controlled by the state - 
	“Can one imagine the frenzied German masses acclaiming a Schicklgruber with the thunderous “Heils”? “Heil Schicklgruber”? Not only was “Heil Hitler!” used as a Wagnerian, pagenlike chant by the multitude in the mystic pageantry of the massive Nazi rallies, but it became the obligatory form of greeting between German during the Third Reich, even on the telephone, where it replaced the conventional “Hello” “Heil Scicklgruber!”? It is a little difficult to imagine” (p. 24)

The original great leader has an unbending will that allows him to get through several obstacles.
“The conflict aroused the first manifestation of the fierce, unbending will which later would carry him so far despite seemingly insuperable obstacles and handicaps” (p. 28)

The original great leader has all the worlds’ problems on him
“He saw everything only obstacles and hostility …. He was always up against something and at odds with the world. I never saw him take anything lightly.”(p. 34)
	(He would never laugh)

The original great leader read lots of books (p. 34) (p. 40)

The original great leader an artist (p. 39)
(in the bad world) - the original great leader is praised for his great art work
(in the good world) - the original great leader artwork is terrible.

Without the stronger race, there is chaos 
“It could be saved only if the master race, the Germans, reasserted their old absolute authority.  The non-German races, especially the Slavs and above all the Czechs, were an inferior people.  It was up the Germans to rule them with an iron hand.  The Parliament must be abolished and an end put to all the democratic “nonsense” (p. 42)

Original great leader 3 conclusions
(1) mass movement - without with any political party was useless
(2) they had learned the art of propaganda among the masses
(3) rule by terror - finally, they knew the value of using what he calls “spiritual and physical terror”... “This third lesson, though it was surely based on faculty observation and compounded of his own immense prejudices, intrigues the young Hitler.  With ten years he would put it to good use for his own ends.”
“I understand the infamous spiritual terror … at a given sign it unleashes a veritable barrage of lies and slanders against whatever adversary seems most dangerous, until the nerves of the attacked persons break down … This is a tactic based on precise calculation of all human weakness, and its results will lead to success with almost mathematical certainty….
	I achieved an equal understanding of the importance of physical terror toward the individual and the masses… For while in the ranks of their supporters the victory achieved seems a triumph of the justice of their own clause, the defeated adversary in most cases despairs of the success of any further resistance.” (p. 43)
“No more precise analysis of Nazi tactics, as Hitler was eventually to develop them, was ever written.” (p. 43)

Need to get support from a pre-existing institution for political movement to succeed
	“That was the failure to win over the support of at least some of the powerful, established institutions of the nation – if not the church, then the Army, say, or the cabinet or the head of state.  Unless a political movement gained such backing, the young man saw, it would be difficult if not impossible for it to assume power.” (p. 44)

The original great leader a master of speaking skills
	“Dr Karl Lugear has been a brilliant orator, but the Pan-German party had laced effective public speakers.  Hitler took notice of this and in Mien Kemp makes much of the importance of oratory in politics.
	The power which has always stated the greatest religious and political avalanches in history, rolling has from time immortal been the magic power of the spoken word, and that alone.
	The broad masses of the people can be moved only be the power of speech.  All great movements are popular movements, volcanic eruptions of human passions and emotional sentiments, stirred either by the cruel Goddess of Distress or by the firebrand of the word hurled among the masses; they are not the lemonade – like outpourings of the literary asetheitc and drawing – room heroes…
	Young Hitler already was beginning to practice his oratory on the audiences which he found in Vienna’s flophouses, soup kitchens and on its street corners.  It was the develop into a talent (as this author, who later was to listen to scores of his most important speeches, can testify) more formidable than any other in the Germany between the wars, and it was to contribute in large measures to his astounding success.” (p. 46)

Germs – Cause of disease, death, and destruction
	“was there any form of filth or profligacy, particularly in cultural life, without at least one Jew involved in it?  If you cut even cautiously into an abscess, you found, like a maggot in a rotting body often dazzled by the sudden light – a Kikel” the Jews were large responsible, he says he found, for prostitution and the white slave traffic.  “When for the first time”, he relates, “I recognized the Jew as the cold-hearted shameless and calculating director of this revolution vice traffic in the sum of the big city; a cold shudder ran down my neck.” (p. 45)

the original great leader was on a mission designed by fate
	“He had, however, one thing: an unquestionable confidence in himself and a deep, burning sense of mission.” (p. 49)

Mixing of Races
	Before the original great leader, the Germs and the slaves mixing with the enlightenment family, hurt the enlightenment family since the Germs and Slave presence hurt the enlightenment family.
	“I was repelled by the conglomeration of races which the capital showed me, repelled by this whole mixture of Czechs, Poles, Hungarians, Rutherians, Serbs, and Croats, and everywhere the eternal mushroom of humanity – Jews and more Jews.  To me the giant city seemed the embodiment of racial desecration…The longer I lived in this city, the more hatred grew for the foreign mixture of peoples which had begun the corrode this old site of German culture” (p. 49)

Chpt 2: Birth of the Nazi Party

Germs; slaves – the “invisible foes” – those trying to destroy the great society of the original great leader; the are deadly enemies
	“say that in spite of our big guns victory would be denied us, for the invisible foes of the German people were greater danger than the biggest cannon of the enemy.” (p. 54)

The original great leader has great speaking skills
	“Above all, it gave him a chance to try out his oratorical abilities – the first prerequisite, as he had always maintained, of a successful politician.” (p. 60)
	“This was the beginning of a talent that was to make him easily the most effective orator in Germany, with a magic power, after he took to radio, to sway millions by his voice.” (p. 60)

(the awakening) (not quite sure how to put it into the story)
	“My Political Awakening” to Hitler’s surprise, it reflected a good many ideas which he himself had acquired over the years.” (p. 62)

The original great leader has great speaking skills
	“just happened to be convinced that I might be capable of doing certain things, but not of speaking I spoke for thirty minutes, and what before I had simply felt within me, without in any way knowing it, was not proved by reality I could speak” (p. 66)

25-point program of German workers Party (p. 67)
	(one of the points) – get all the German people together
	“The very first point in the program demanded the union of all Germans in a Greater Germany” (p. 68)

(in the bad world) – the society will not allow divisive and destructive opinions and thoughts that could harm the unity of society.
(in the good world) –will accept difference of opinions.
“The National Socialist Movement will in the future ruthlessly prevent – if necessary by force – all meetings or lectures that are likely to district the minds of our fellow countryman.” (p. 70)

Create symbols of the movement 
	“What the masses needed, he thought, were not. only ideas-a few simple ideas, that is, that he could ceaselessly hammer through their skulls-but symbols that would win their faith, pageantry and color that would arouse them and acts of violence and terror, which if successful, would attract adherents (were not most Germans drawn to 
the strong?) and give them a sense of power over the weak.”(p. 69 - 70)
	“.In Vienna, as we have seen, he was intrigued by what he called the "infamous spiritual and physical terror" which he thought was employed by the Social Democrats against their political opponents.” (p. 70)

The flag (could have a long description of the flag of the great and original great leader – the both great leaders)
	“In the summer of 1920 Hitler, the frustrated artist but now becoming the master propagandist, came up with an inspiration which can only be described as a stroke of genius. What the party lacked, he saw, was an emblem, a flag, a symbol, which would express what the new organization stood for and appeal to the imagination of the masses, who, as Hitler reasoned, must have some striking banner to follow and to fight under.” (p. 71)
	“Hitler reveled in his unique creation.”A ,symbol it really is!" he ex- claims in Mein Kampf. "In red we see the social idea of the movement, in white the nationalist idea, in the swastika the mission of the struggle for the victory of the Aryan man."
	“This may not have been "art," but it was propaganda of the highest order. The Nazis now had a symbol which no other party could match. The hooked cross seemed to possess some mystic power of its own, to beckon to action in a new direction the insecure lower middle classes which had been floundering in the uncertainty of the first chaotic postwar years. They began to flock under its banner. “(p. 72)
	“Then and there, in July 1921, was established the "leadership principle" which was to be the law first of the Nazi Party and then of the Third Reich. The "Fuehrer" had arrived on the German scene.” (p. 74)

The Leader and the Leadership Principle	
	“He demanded dictatorial powers for himself as the party's sole leader, the abolition of the committee itself and an end to intrigues with other groups such as Streicher's.” (p. 73)

A newspaper 
	“acquired a run-down newspaper badly in debt, the Voelkischer Beobachter,” (p. 74)
	“thus giving Hitler the prerequisite of all German political parties, a daily newspaper in which to preach the party's gospels.” (p. 75)

The original great leader in speaking skills – also the master in logical reasoning
	“. His ability to influence a popular assembly is uncanny. In private conversation he disclosed himself as a forceful and logical speaker,” (p. 77)

The original great leader is solid, hard
	“He himself has nothing in common with the mass; like every great man he is all personality. . . When necessity commands, he does not shrink before bloodshed. Great questions are always decided by blood and iron. . . In order to reach his goal, he is prepared to '. trample on his closest friends. . . The lawgiver proceeds with terrible hardness … As the need arises, he can trample them [the people] with the boots of a grenadier. .” (p. 77)

The original great leader has great speaking skills
	“One evening a year later he went to hear Hitler speak, was carried away by his eloquence and joined the party, and soon he became a close friend, a devoted follower and secretary of the leader.” (p. 77)

How Law for the Protection of the community, state, and family
	“The shaky national government in Berlin finally answered the challenge with a special Law for the Protection of the Republic, which imposed severe penalties for political terrorism.” (p. 82)

Chaos is good for the great leader
	“All they knew was that a large bank account could not buy a straggly bunch of carrots, a half peck of potatoes, a few ounces of sugar, a pound of flour. They knew that as individuals they were bankrupt. . And they knew hunger when it gnawed at them, as it did daily. In their misery and hopelessness they made the Republic the scapegoat for all that had happened. Such times were heaven-sent for Adolf Hitler. “(p. 97)

Democratic ideas of the majority lead to chaos
	“If the horrified people notice that they can starve on billions, they must arrive at this conclusion: we will no longer submit to a State which is built on the swindling idea of the majority. We want a dictatorship. . ."5 
No doubt the hardships and uncertainties of the wanton inflation were driving millions of Germans toward that conclusion and Hitler was ready to lead them on. In fact, he had begun to believe that the chaotic conditions of 1923 had created an opportunity to overthrow the Republic which might not recur.” (p. 97)

Chpt. 3 Versailles, Weimer, and the Beer Hall Putsch

Fate or destiny had chosen the original great leader to be the leader
	“He had been accused of wanting to jump from drummer to dictator.  He would not deny it.  Fate had decreed it.” (p. 116)
	“The man who feels called upon to govern a people has no right to say, "If you want me or summon me, I will co-operate." No! It is his duty to step forward.”

(In the bad world) – A setback to the original great leader is being able to get power is remembered with celebration, early members of the movement who died are remembered as heroes always to be celebrated, always to be remembered.
	(in Nazi Germany, Hitler remembered the failed attempt to take power directly in the 1920’s as a wonderful event in the movement)
	“Nazi propaganda soon transformed it into one of the great legends of the movement. Each year, even after he came to power, even after World War II broke out, Hitler returned on the evening of November 8 to the beer hall in Munich to address his Old Guard comrades-the aile Kaempfer, as they were called -who had followed the leader to what seemed then such a grotesque disaster. In 1935 Hitler, the Chancellor, had the bodies of the sixteen Nazis who had fallen in the brief encounter dug up and placed in vaults in the Feldherrnhalle, which became a national shrine. Of them Hitler said, in dedicating the memorial, "They now pass into German immortality. Here they stand for Germany and keep guard over our people. Here they lie as true witnesses to our movement." (p. 119)

Chpt 4: The minds of Hitler and the Roots of the Third Reich

The book of the original great leader is everywhere (talking about how Hitler’s book – Mein Kampf was in many households’s (p. 121) (can think of story for title later)

Hierarchy
	Government of state – The Leader – with an army of smaller leaders taking orders fro the top of the hierarchy – 
	Also, state would be based on race
	“but making a new kind of state, one which would be based on race and would include all Germans then living outside the Reich's frontiers, and in which would be established the absolute dictatorship of the Leader-himself-with an array of smaller leaders taking orders from above and giving them to those below.” (p. 82)

Living Space (not sure how to use it in story)
	“Lebensraum-living space” (p. 123)

The book of the original great leader – (Common Book of the Original Great Leader)
	My struggle (Mein Kampf) – when Hitler took power, every house hold had a book – “Except for the Bible, no other book sold as well during the Nazi regime, when few family households felt secure without a copy on the table. It was almost obligatory-and certainly politic-to present a copy to a bride and groom at their wedding and nearly every school child received one on graduation from whatever school.”

The original great leader’s book will be 782 pages (782 pages Common Book of the Original Great Leader)
	“782 turgid pages” (p. 121)

(in the good world) – find that the book of the original great leader disorganized
	“Considerable editorial advice and even pruning on the part of at least three helpers could not prevent Hitler from meandering from one subject to another in Mein Kampf” (p. 126)

The Leader should rule
	“On the nature of the future Nazi State, Hitler's ideas in Mein Kampf are less concise. He made it clear enough that there would be no "democratic nonsense" and that the Third Reich would be ruled by the Fuehrer- prinzip, the leadership principle-that is, that it would be a dictatorship” (p. 125)

	One must increase the population.
	(have the original great leader wish to increase the enlightenment population, but at the time of reading main character – the great leaders do not want to increase population – will say enlightenment population in current balance) (will be busy trying to keep current population categories at current levels – so decisions to have children will be left to the state)
	“"Marriage can not be an end in itself, but must serve the one higher goal: the increase and preservation of the species and the race. This alone is its meaning and its task." (p. 127)

Economics is not described in the My Struggle book – 
	“There is almost nothing about economics in the book. The subject bored Hitler and he never bothered to try to learn something about it beyond toying with the crackpot ideas of Gottfried Feder, the crank who was against "interest slavery." 
What interested Hitler was political power; economics could somehow take care of itself. 

(in the good world) – explain that the book of the original great leader wrote is disorganized 
	“Considerable editorial advice and even pruning on the part of at least three helpers could not prevent Hitler from meandering from one subject to another in Mein Kampf”
	“Nevertheless, most of the meanderings remained. Hitler insisted on airing his thoughts at random on almost every conceivable subject, including culture, education. the theater, the movies, the comics, art, literature, history, sex, marriage. prostitution and syphilis.” (p. 127)

Strength is right – the enlightenment race is the strongest of all other species (slaves and Germs) so therefore the enlightenment race should rule.  Why should the enlightenment race rule?  Because the enlightenment race is stronger above all other categories (slaves and Germs) of species.  It is determined by nature that the enlightenment race is stronger than the other categories (slaves and Germs).
	(Enlightenment race is naturally stronger and therefore designed by nature to rule)
	“Hitler saw all life as an eternal struggle and the world as a jungle where the fittest survived and the strongest ruled-a "world where one creature feeds on the other and where the death of the weaker implies the life of the stronger." (p. 128)
	“And who is "nature's favorite child, the strongest in courage and industry" on whom Providence has conferred "the master's right"? The Aryan. Here in Mein Kampf we come to the kernel of the Nazi idea of race superiority, of the conception of the master race, on which the Third Reich and Hitler's New Order in Europe were based.” (p. 128)
	(in the bad world) – Based upon race – the hierarchy order based on race
	(in the good world) – Have no hierarchy idea based upon race, the ideal will be equality.

(in the bad world)  - The enlightenment race is the Source is the center of all progress in all fields of society.
	“All the human culture, all the results of art, science and technology that we see before us today, are almost exclusively the creative product of the Aryan. This very fact admits of the not unfounded inference that he alone was the founder of all higher humanity, therefore representing the prototype of all that we understand by the word "man." He is the Prometheus of mankind from whose shining brow the divine spark of genius has sprung at all times, forever kindling anew that fire of knowledge which illumined the night of silent mysteries and thus caused man to climb the path to mastery over the other beings of this earth. . . It was he who laid the foundations and erected the walls of every great structure in human culture.” (p. 128)

In the past, the enlightenment family suffered from the mixing of the inferior breeds (the slaves and the Germs).  This mixing of breeds of lizards from the inferior breeds handicaps the greatness of the enlightenment family.
	“But even worse than sharing the master's language was something else. 
The Aryan gave up the purity of his blood and, therefore, lost his sojourn in the paradise which he had made for himself. He became submerged in a racial mixture and gradually lost his cultural creativeness. 
To the young Nazi leader this was the cardinal error. 
Blood mixture and the resultant drop in the racial level is the sole cause of the dying out of old cultures; for men do not perish as a result of lost wars, but by the loss of that force of resistance which is continued only in pure blood. All who are not of good race in this world are chaff.
Chaff were the Jews and the Slavs, and in time, when he became dictator and conqueror, Hitler would forbid the marriage of a German with any member of these races, though a fourth-grade schoolmarm could have told him that there was a great deal of Slavic blood in the Germans,” (p.; 129-130)
	“In carrying out his racial ideas, it must again be admitted, Hitler was as good as his word. In the New Order which he began to impose on the Slavs in the East during the war, the Czechs, the Poles, the Russians were-and were to remain, if the grotesque New Order had endured-the hewers of wood and the drawers of water for their German masters” (p. 130)
	“but also with care for the purity of their own blood” (p. 130)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader will be celebrated for making the enlightenment family race aware and united, the original great leader will make them aware that they are unified and united, it was the original great leader who made them aware they are all belong to one group.
	“He would unify a chosen people who had never before been politically one. He would purify their race. He would make them strong. He would make them lords of the earth.” (p. 133)

Race is central to society
	One purpose of state is to keep the enlightenment race of pure heritage – and not allow self-interest of individuals to have relationships of inferior breeds (the slaves and Germs) that could destroy the purity of the enlightenment family race.
	“The folkish state. . . must set race in the center of all life.  It must take care to keep it pure. . . It must see to it that only the healthy beget children; that there is only one disgrace: despite one's own sickness and deficiencies, to bring children into the world; and one highest honor: to renounce doing so. And conversely it must be considered reprehensible to withhold healthy children from the nation. Here the [folkish] state must act as guardian of a millennial future in the face of which the wishes and the selfishness of the individual must appear as nothing and submit. . . A folkish state must therefore begin by raising marriage from the level of a continuous defilement of the race and give it the consecration of an institution which is called upon to produce images of the Lord and not monstrosities halfway between man and ape.” (p. 131-132) 

The state political decision making is to be made by one being – one-lizard – and in the hierarchical nature of the state all other lizards will obey the commands of lizards on the top and give orders that lizards who are below the lizards in the hierarchy are expected to obey – there is no nonsense of democratic rule in this state.
	“Since the folkish state is to be based "on the aristocratic idea of nature" it follows that democracy is out of the question and must be replaced by the Fuehrerprinzip. The authoritarianism of the Prussian Army is to be adopted by the Third Reich: "authority of every leader downward and responsibility upward." 
	There must be no majority decisions, but only responsible persons. . . Surely every man will have advisers by his side, but the decision will be made by one man. ... only he alone may possess the authority and the right to command.” (p. 132)

The original great leader – (perhaps great leader to the original great leader) have a sense of historical continuality (use it in the story how the three great leaders claim to be the true followers of the original great leader)
	THE HISTORICAL ROOTS OF THE THIRD REICH 
In the delirious days of the annual rallies of the Nazi Party at Nuremberg at the beginning of September, I used to be accosted by a swarm of hawkers selling a picture postcard on which were shown the portraits of Frederick the Great, Bismarck, Hindenburg and Hitler. The inscription .read: "What the King conquered, the Prince formed, the Field Marshal defended, the Soldier saved and unified." Thus Hitler, the soldier, was portrayed not only as the savior and unifier of Germany but as the successor of these celebrated figures who had made the country great. The implication of the continuity of German history, culminating in Hitler's rule, was not lost upon the multitude. The very expression "the Third Reich" also served to strengthen this concept. The First Reich had been the medieval Holy Roman Empire; the Second Reich had been that which - was formed by Bismarck in 1871 after Prussia's defeat of France. Both had added glory to the German name. The Weimar Republic, as Nazi propaganda had it, had dragged that fair name in the mud. The Third Reich restored it, just as Hitler had promised. Hitler's Germany, then, was depicted as a logical development from all that had gone before- or at least of all that had been glorious.”
	(the original great leader is tied to past history)
(in the bad world) - It is the duty of individuals to obey.  The role of citizens is to obey.
	“but by the philosophers that their role in life was one of obedience, work, sacrifice, and duty.” (p. 137)

Citizens see the state as benefactor, saving people from chaos
	“a program for social security far beyond anything known in other countries. It included compulsory insurance for workers against old age, sickness, accident and incapacity, and though organized by the State it was financed by employers and employees. It cannot be said that it stopped the rise of the Social Democrats or the trade unions, but it did have a profound influence on the working class in that it gradually made them value security over political freedom and caused them to see in the State, however conservative, a benefactor and a protector” (p. 141) (in the footnotes)

Many ideas of the original great leader
	“We have seen what they were as they thrashed about in Hitler's mind:
-	the glorification of war and conquest and the absolute power of the authoritarian state; 
-	the belief in the Aryans, or Germans, as the master race, and the 
-	hatred of Jews and Slavs; 
-	the contempt for democracy and humanism. 
They are not original with Hitler-though the means of applying them later proved to be.” (p. 142)

The state is the supreme thing in life
	“whose ringing glorification of the State as supreme in human life paved the way for the Second and Third Reich of Bismarck and Hitler. To Hegel the State is all, or almost all.” (p. 142)

The state is the supreme thing in life – even above the rights of the individual – individuals are members of the state
	“the State” has the supreme right against the individual, whose supreme duty is to be a member of the state” (p. 144)
	‘War is the great purifier” (p. 144)

(in the bad world) – the citizens obey the government
(in the good world) – the citizens participate in the government
The state is supreme
	“Like Hegel he glorifies the State and conceives of it as supreme, but his attitude is more brutish: the people, the subjects, are to be little more than slaves in the nation.”It does not matter what you think," he exclaims, "so long as you obey." (p. 145)

War is great
	“in proclaiming war as the highest expression of man” (p. 145)

Everyone is to be assigned a role in the state – including gender – the female lizards are to be assigned the role of taking care of children and household duties
	“Women, whom Nietzsche never had, he consigned to a distinctly inferior status, as did the Nazis, who declared that their place was in the kitchen and their chief roll: ill life to beget children for German warriors” (p. 146) (in the footnotes)

The enlightenment race is the superior race above everyone else
	“It is probably no exaggeration to say, as I have heard more than one follower of Hitler say,' that Chamberlain was the spiritual founder of the Third Reich. This singular Englishman, who came to see in the Germans the master race, the hope of the future” (p. 150)

The “logical” thinking – time wasted in coming up with structure
(you can in the story show the time and energy trying to come up with the racial categories – classifying lizards into racial categories) 
	“To Gobineau, as he stated in his dedication of the work to the King of Hanover, the key to history and civilization was race.”The racial question dominates all the other problems of history . . . the inequality of races suffices to explain the whole unfolding of the destiny of peoples." There were three principal races, white, yellow and black, and the white was the superior. "History," he contended, "shows that all civilization flows from the white race, that no civilization can exist without the co-operation of this race." The jewel of the white race was the Aryan,” (p. 151)

Show the inconsistencies of definitions/categories of race
	“Gobineau seemingly excluded the bulk of the Germans, who lived to the east and southeast of his line-a fact which the Nazis glossed over when they embraced his teachings.  Still, to Gobineau's mind the Germans, or at least the West Germans, were probably the best of all the Aryans, and this discovery the Nazis did not gloss over” (p. 151).
	(Could have different states of the three great leaders vary to some degree the different ethnic groups into the three racial categories – the enlightenment family, slaves, and Germs.  Could describe one political state being angry at another political state getting angry that certain groups would belong in the enlightenment family race while other ethnic groups would be treated as Slaves – so the one ethnic group who considered enlightenment race will complain that the ethnic group of the other political state being treated as slaves – perhaps show the division between the enlightenment family race and slaves.)

The enlightenment family is the reason for all improvements.  The enlightenment family is behind all improvements in human history.
	“Whenever they went the Germans, he found brought improvements” (p. 152)
	“While the Germans were relatively pure Aryans.  “The Aryan German”, he declared, “is a powerful creature…Everything he thinks, says, and does is Thus of major importance.” (p. 152)

Race is central to the society (evil society)
	“race and history” (p. 153)
	“Chamberlain found the key to history, indeed the basis of civilization to be race” (p. 154)

The enlightenment race family has the right to rule above others – since those in the enlightenment race are far superior above others.
	“for they inherited the best qualities of the Greeks and the Indo-Aryans.  This gives them the right to be masters of the world” (p. 156)

The high race- the enlightenment race – the high race made the greatest contribution in all fields – the high race is superior in all fields
	“superior to all in art, science, technology, industry, commerce, finance, in every field, in short; teacher, helmsman, and pioneer of the world, every man at his post, every man giving his utmost for the holy cause – thus Germany…will conquer the world by inner superiority.” (p. 157) 

The original great leader who comes in to save the political state from chaos
	“the in the hour of her deepest need Germany gives birth to a Hitler proves her vitality; as do the influences the emanate fro him” (p. 158)

The original great leader is destined by fate or destiny to lead
	“Yet Adolf Hilter had a mystical sense of his personal mission on earth in those days, and even before “From millions of men…one man must step forward” (p. 159)
	“considered himself that one man” (p.; 159)
	“role of genius who is picked by Providence to lead a great people” (p. 159-160)

The original great leader is above everyone else – the original great leader is the law.  The original great leader cannot by held by certain boundaries or morals on what the original great leader can do and cannot do – indeed to try to put the original great leader’s actions in certain boundaries or morals would only hurt the original great leader’s greatness - constraints on what the original great leader can do would only constrain what the original great leader can do.
	“theme that the supreme leader is above the morals of ordinary man” (p. 161)
	“A genius with a mission was above the law; he could not be bound by “Boureouis” morals” (p. 162)

Book 2: Triumph and Consolidation
Chpt. 5: The road to power 1925-31

The original great leader – and only the original great leader can lead – No one else can or could have
	“Hitler made it clear that he still considered himself the dictatorial leader of the party “I alone lead the movement, and on one can impose conditions on me so long as I personally bear the responsibility” (p. 169)

The original great leader has great oratory and organizational skills
	“Hitler made it clear that he still considered himself the dictatorial leader of the party.” I alone lead the movement, and no one can impose conditions on me so long as I personally bear the responsibility," (p. 169)
	“The government of Bavaria promptly forbade him to 8peak again in public-a ban that was to last two years. The other states followed suit. This was a heavy blow to a man whose oratory had brought him so far. A silenced Hitler was a defeated Hitler, as ineffective as a handcuffed pugilist in a ring. Or so most people thought.
	But again they were wrong. They forgot that Hitler was an organizer as well as a spellbinder. Curbing his ire at being forbidden to ~peak in public, he set to work with furious intent to rebuild the National Socialist German / Workers' Party and to make of it an organization such as Germany had never seen before. He meant to make it like the Army-a state within a state.” (p. 170)

(in the bad world) – Original great leader is a Supreme Leader
	“without Hitler, the Supreme Leader” (p. 180)

Lizards swear loyalty to the original great leader – swear loyalty to the original great leader.
	“and made them swear a special oath of loyalty to him personally...” (p. 172)

One of many titles to describe the original great leader – original great leader rules all
	“At the top of the pyramid of the intricate party organization stood Adolf Hitler with the highfalutin title of Partei-und-Oberster-S.A.- Fuehrer, Vorsitzender der N .S.D.A. V.-which may be translated as "Supreme Leader of the Party and the S.A., Chairman of the National Socialist German Labor Organization." (p.172)

The original great leader has great oratory skills
	“Hitler spoke for three hours. Brilliantly. He can make you doubt your own views” (p. 182)

It was a time of chaos, a chaos time occurring and the original great leader helps save the political state from chaos – the original great leader takes power due to chaos
	(Chaos was needed for the original great leader to take power)
	“Like most great revolutionaries he could thrive only in evil times, at first when the masses were unemployed, hungry and desperate, and later when they were intoxicated by war.” (p. 191)
	“To get the votes Hitler had only to take advantage of the times, which once more, as the Thirties began, saw the German people plunged into despair; to obtain the support of those in power he had to convince them that only he could rescue Germany from its disastrous predicament” (p. 192)

The chaos
	“The whole Western world was stricken by forces which its leaders did not understand and which they felt were beyond man's control. How was it possible that suddenly there could be so much poverty, so much human suffering, in the midst of so much plenty?” (p. 136)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader – he is a savior – he helps people get away from the chaos they are having
	“”To hopeless, hungry men seeking not only seeking relief but new faith and new gods, the appeal was not without effect.” (p. 194)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader will save the country from chaos.
	“as the leaders of a movement…was really its’ salvation and the salvation of Germany” (p. 198)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader will unify
	“National Socialism might not be just what was heeled to unify the people” (p. 200)

Use of chaos to gain power
	“The suffering of his fellow Germans to waste time sympathizing with, but rather to transform, cold-bloody and immediately, into political support for his own ambitions.” (p. 193)

The song of the original great leader
	“Passing notice must here be taken of one of these encounters, for it provided National Socialism with its greatest martyr. One of the neighborhood leaders of the S.A. in Berlin was Horst Wessel, son of a Protestant chaplain, who had forsaken his family and his studies and gone to live in a slum with a former prostitute and devote his life to fighting for Nazism. Many anti-Nazis always held that the youth earned his living as a pimp, though this charge may have been exaggerated. Certainly he consorted with pimps and prostitutes. He was murdered by some Communists in February 1930 and would have passed into oblivion along with hundreds of other victims of both sides in the street wars had it not been for the fact that he left behind a song whose words and tune he had composed. This was the Horst Wessel song, which soon became the official song of the Nazi party and later the second official anthem-after "Deutschland ueber Alles"--of the Third Reich. Horst Wessel himself, thanks to Dr. Goebbels' skillful propaganda, became one of the great hero legends of the movement, hailed as a pure idealist who had given his  life for the cause.” (p. 207)

Internal Division
(Could have records show after the original great leader’s defeat – records that show subordinate against each other)
	“But the Nazi leader was quite content to see strife among, his principal subordinates, if only because it was a safeguard against their conspiring together against his leadership” (p. 208)

The original great leader saves the political state from chaos.  Chaos helps the original great leader to obtain power.
	“But in the last chaotic days of the Republic they began to appear to millions of befuddled Germans as saviors” (p. 210 – I think did not write it down where got quote from)
	“All that serves to precipice the catastrophe…is good, very good for us and our German revolution” (p. 210)

Chpt. 6
The Last Days of the Republic 1931-33

Rule by Terror
	“who saw the storm troopers as a potential military force to strengthen the country, whereas Hitler regarded them as purely a political force, a band to strike terror in the streets against his political opponents and to keep up political enthusiasm in the Nazi ranks

Governments before the original great leader are not able to keep order
	“Papen's excuse was that the Altona riots had shown the Prussian government could not maintain law and order. He also charged, on "evidence" hastily produced by Schleicher, that the Prussian authorities were in cahoots with the Communists. When the Socialist ministers refused to be deposed except by force, Papen obligingly supplied it. 
	Martial law was proclaimed in Berlin and General von Rundstedt, the local Reichswehr commander, sent a lieutenant and a dozen men to make the necessary arrests.” (p. 232)

All are loyal to the original great leader
	“Stasser’s friends were purged and all party leaders convoked to Berlin to sign a new declaration of loyalty to Adolf Hitler, which they did” (p. 248)


Chpt. 7
The Nazification of Germany 1933-34

(What happens to the society when the original great leader takes over)

	“Hitler's immediate task, therefore, was to quickly eliminate them from the driver's seat, make his party the exclusive master of the State and then with the power of an authoritarian government and its police carry out the Nazi revolution” (p. 263)

(In the bad world) – Separate organizations independent from the state are not allowed to exist.
	“Private enterprise cannot be maintained in the age of democracy” (p. 265)

Chaos – need the original great leader for protection
	(in response to the chaos of the Reichstag fire), a degree is signed “For the protection of the Party and the State” (p 271) due to the emergency chaos situation the traditional liberties of citizens are suspended the ace was a “defensive measure against communist acts of violence endangering the state to degree laid down that”
	“Restrictions on personal liberty, on the right of free expression of opinion, including freedom of the press; on the rights of assembly and association; and  violations of the privacy of postal, telegraphic and telephonic communications;  and warrants for house searchers, orders for confiscations as well as restrictions on property, are also permissible beyond the legal limits otherwise prescribed.” (p. 194) 
	“In addition, the decree authorized the Reich government to take over complete power in the federal states when necessary and imposed the death sentence for a number of crimes, including "serious disturbances of the peace" by armed persons.
	Thus with one stroke Hitler was able not only to legally gag his opponents and arrest them at his will but, by making the trumped-up Communist threat "official," as it were, to throw millions of the middle class and the peasantry into a frenzy of fear that unless they voted for National Socialism at the elections a week hence, the Bolsheviks might take over. Some four thousand Communist officials and a great many Social Democrat and liberal leaders were arrested, including members of the Reichstag, who, according to the law, were immune from arrest. This was the first experience Germans had had with Nazi terror backed up by the government. Truckloads of storm troopers roared through the streets all over Germany, breaking into homes, rounding up victims and carting them off to S,A. barracks, where they were tortured and beaten. The Communist press and political meetings were suppressed; the Social Democrat news- papers and many liberal journals were suspended and the meetings of the democratic parties either banned or broken up. Only the Nazis and their Nationalist allies were permitted to campaign unmolested.” (p. 271)
	(Give Hitler the ability to arrest anyone he needs to)

(not sure if you will have in story – the original great leader who was given the power to arrest people due to the emergency caused by the chaos is able to arrest the required number of legislatures so that he is able to get the legislature by a 2/3 majority of those their in the legislature to pass a act that gives the original great leader supreme power of a dictator) – 
	“The plan was deceptively simple and had the advantage of cloaking the seizure of absolute power in legality. The Reichstag would be asked to pass an "enabling act" conferring on Hitler's cabinet exclusive legislative powers for four years. Put even more simply, the German Parliament would be requested to turn over its constitutional functions to Hitler and take a long vacation. But since this necessitated a change in the constitution, a two-thirds majority was needed to approve it.” (p. 273-274)

The way to achieve the 2/3 majority was to just get rid of all the legislatures who would oppose it and arrest them;
	“How to obtain that majority was the main order of business at a cabinet meeting on March 15, 1933, the minutes of which were produced at Nuremberg.  Part of the problem would be solved by the "absence" of the eighty-one Communist members of the Reichstag. Goering felt sure that the rest of the problem could be easily disposed of "by refusing admittance to a few Social Democrats." Hitler was in a breezy, confident mood. After all, by the decree of February 28, which he had induced Hindenburg to sign the day after the Reichstag fire, he could arrest as many opposition deputies as was necessary to assure his two-thirds majority.” (p. 274)

(in the bad world) – The original great leader helps protect the people from chaos
	“the acts was called “the Law for removing distress of people and Reich as it was officially called.” (p. 276)

(in the bad world) – have a national anthem (perhaps have two)
	“The Nazi deputies sprang to their feet shouting and stamping deliriously and then, joined by the storm troopers, burst into the Horst Wessel song, which soon would take its place alongside "Deutschland ueber Alles" as one of the two national anthems: 

		Raise high the flags! Stand rank on rank together. 
		Storm troopers march with steady, quiet tread….” (p. 287)

(in the bad world) – the act gives the original great leader to rule, once the original great leader rules he starts to transform the society.
	The act gives the original great leader to rule.
	“It was this Enabling Act alone which formed the legal basis for Hitler's dictatorship. From March 23, 1933, on, Hitler was the dictator of the Reich, freed of any restraint by Parliament or, for all practical purposes, by the weary old President. To be sure, much remained to be done to bring the entire nation and all its institutions completely under the Nazi heel, though, as we shall see, this also was accomplished with breathless speed and with crudeness, trickery and brutality” (p. 278)

Once the original great leader gained power, he will transform society – by getting rid of independent institutions of the state
	“One by one, Germany's most powerful institutions now began to surrender to Hitler and to pass quietly, unprotestingly out, of existence.” (p. 279)



Independent institutions that disappear
	-the states
		the historical federal structure that use to exist no longer exists, the states become just administrative bodies; “"The state governments from now on are merely administrative bodies of the Reich." (p. 279)
	-Political Parties eliminated
		“for by this time all the political parties of Germany except the Nazis had been quickly eliminated.” (p. 280)
	Only one political party is allowed in the state
	“The Nazi Party alone remained, and on July 14 a law decreed: 
The National Socialist German Workers' Party constitutes the only political party in Germany. 
	Whoever undertakes to maintain the organizational structure of another political party or to form a new political party will be punished with penal servitude up to three years or with imprisonment of from six months to three years, if the deed is not subject to a greater penalty according to other regulations.

The one-party totalitarian State had been achieved with scarcely a ripple of opposition or defiance, and within four months after the Reichstag had abdicated its democratic responsibilities.” (p. 281)
	(in the bad world) – having just one political party will be displayed as the original great leader preventing chaos happening in the society with several political parties fighting each other.
	(in the good world) – having just one political party will be seen as going against the freedom of the people.

	- the free trade unions
		have “Day of National Labor” and then destroy the free trade unions

(in the bad world) – Employer is the master and the employees are the servants to the master.
	(The employer is the master, the employee is the servant)
	A law was passed that ended collective bargaining, and that Hitler would appoint “labor trustees” to “regulate labor contracts” and maintain “labor peace” (p. 282). Outlaw strikes
	“to restore absolute leadership to the natural leader of a factory-that is, the employer. . . Only the employer can decide. Many employers have for years had to call for the 'master in the house.' Now they are once again to be the 'master in the house.' “(p. 283)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader is the law
(in the good world) – the law is a process of several players who contribute to the law – making progress
	“Hitler was not the law” (p. 283)

Rule by Terror
	“In Nazi parlance, "educated" meant "intimidated"-to a point where all would accept docilely the Nazi dictatorship and its barbarism.” (p. 283)

(not if going to put it in story)
	“No more authoritative statement was ever made that the Nazi revolution was political, not economic” (p. 287)

Rule by terror
	“From the earliest days of the Nazi movement Hitler had insisted that the storm troopers were to be a political ' and not a military force; they were to furnish the physical violence, the terror, by which the party could bludgeon its way to political power” (p. 287)

The original great leader had to first control the state he ruled, before he could rule the world, “Hitler had to conquer Germany before he could set out to conquer the world” (p. 290)

(in the bad world) – The original great leader was peaceful and the rest of the world was against the original great leader, the wars the original great leader was forced to fight the wars due to the actions of the other states around it.  Rest of the world against the original great leader.
(in the good world) – The original great leader was the aggressive one
	“The Third Reich was indeed friendless in a hostile world” (p. 291)

(in the bad world) – The society uses referendums 
	“submit his decision to leave Geneva to a national plebiscite” (p. 293)

(in the bad world) – Citizens of the world remember democratic states are weak
	“In this crisis, as in those greater ones which were to follow in rapid succession up to 1939, the victorious Allied nations took no action, being too divided, too torpid, too blind to grasp the nature or the direction of what was building up beyond the Rhine.” (p. 294)

(in the bad world) – The society uses referendums 
	“He knew well what the German people would say in the plebiscite, which he fixed-along with new elections of a single- party Nazi slate to the Reichstag-for November 12, 1933” (p. 294)
	“and in some cases there was fear that anyone who cast his vote against the regime might be detected and punished.”

(in the bad world) – all living quarters are determined by the state, not only room but also how the furniture will be arranged, like have a picture of the great leader on the wall.  Show the main character not liking it for like the room he is at the sun is able to go in the window – which wakes him up – he wakes up before the official time period when everyone wakes up.
(in the good world) – the main character is able to determine their own living quarters – able to decide for example to find a room with a window where the sun does not shine directly in it when he gets up.

(in the good world) – have the main character able to listen to a radio with several stations, you can describe the main character flipping through the radio to listen to the radio station when their something he does not like, he tunes it to another station.  The main character is also able to turn off the radio. (have the radio have 3 buttons – a volume button, a turn on/off button, and a turning button)
(in the bad world) – the main character does not have a radio – but more of a speaker – put the speaker in the same place as the radio – and the speaker will have no buttons on it – the times and volume are in control of the state.

(in the bad world) – Leader is Law
	“Hitler’s claim that he had become the law” (p. 313)

(in the bad world) – the names for the great leader
	“Hitler would be known as Fuehrer and Reich Chancellor” (p. 314)

(in the bad world) – The Leader oath
	(Oath of Allegiance)
	“Pact of the Deutshland” (p. 314)
	“His dictatorship had become complete. To leave no loopholes Hitler exacted from all officers and men of the armed forces an oath of allegiance-not to Germany, not to the constitution, which he had violated by not calling for the election of Hindenburg's successor, but to himself. It read:

	I swear by God this sacred oath, that I will render unconditional obedience to Adolph Hitler, the Fuehrer of the German Reich and people, Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, and will be ready as a brave soldier to risk my life at any time for this oath. 

	From August 1934 on, the generals, who up to that time could have overthrown the Nazi regime with ease had they so desired, thus tied themselves to the person of Adolph Hitler, recognizing him as the highest legitimate authority in the land and binding themselves to him by an oath of fealty which they felt honor-bound to obey in all circumstances no matter how degrading to them and the Fatherland.” (p. 315)

(In the bad world) – The leader uses plebiscites – had a plebiscite to combine the President and Chancellor office
	“But on August 15, four days before the plebiscite in which the German people were asked to approve Hitler's taking over the President's office” (p. 315)

(In the bad world) – The Leader is Law
	“the former Austrian Corporal had now become the law itself” (p. 318)

Chpt. 8 Life in the Third Reich 1933-37

(In the bad world)- rule by fear
	“In the background, to be sure, there lurked the terror of the Gestapo and the fear of the concentration camp for those who got out of line or who had been Communists or Socialists or too liberal or too pacifist, or who were Jews” (p. 320)

(in the bad world) – the great leader brings hope – the leader brings a new vision of unity
	“Hitler was liquidating the past, with all its frustrations and disappointments.” (p. 320)

(in the bad world) – the great leader will be remembered with greatness in allowing everyone to have a job and be able to eat, it will be emphasized before the time of the original great leader that people had all those “rights” that came along to with the job, of course, the ability to get a job was just a illusion and people would starve.  In the bad world, it is emphasized how people starved since they could not get a job and would not be able to eat.
	“By the autumn of 1936 the problem of unemployment had been largely licked, almost everyone had a job again * and one heard workers who had been deprived of their trade-union rights joking, over their full dinner pails, that at least under Hitler there was no more freedom to starve” (p. 321)

(in the bad world) – Group above self
	“"Gemein- nutz vor Eigennutzl" (The Common Interest before Self!)” (p. 321)

(in the bad society – they have racial categories in the society
	“The racial laws which excluded the Jews from the German community” (p. 321)
	“The signs “Juden Unerwnwuenscht" (Jews Not Welcome)” (p. 322)
	“deprived of Jews of German citizenship, confirming them the status of “subjects” (p. 323)

(in the bad world) – relationships are controlled by the state, have in the state determine who marry, the society will certainly not allow the enlightenment family race (and also slave) to have relationships with Germs
(in the good society) – the individual determine themselves what relationship they have with each other.
	“It also forbade marriage between Jews and Aryans as well as extramarital relations between them, “(p. 323)

 (in the bad world) – have racial categories in the society 
	“In the next few years some thirteen decrees supplementing the Nuremberg Law would outlaw the Jews” (p. 323)
	“Jews had been excluded either by law or by Nazi terror-the latter often preceded the former-from public and private employment to such an extent that at least one half of them were without means of livelihood. In the first year of the Third Reich, 1933, they had been excluded from public office, the civil service, journalism, radio, farming, teaching, the theater, the films” (p. 323)

(in the bad society) – Germs must be eliminated, “Such was the plight of the Jews at about the time the Festival of the Olympics was held in Germany.   It was but the beginning of a road that would soon lead to their extinction by massacre” (p. 324)

(Not sure how or if you want to put in story)
(In the good world) – read about how the original great leader said that his citizens will bow to him like dogs, people will submit.
	“They will submit…they are insignificant little people, submissive as dogs.” (p. 329)

(In the bad world) – Rule by terror – terror and fear is a weapon to hold onto power
	“As for the majority of Protestant pastors, they, like almost everyone else in Germany submitted in the face of Nazi terror” (p. 331)

(in the bad world) – no independent organizations exist, all organizations are controlled by the state
	“the Nazi regime intended eventually to destroy Christianity in Germany, if it could, and substitute the old paganism of the early tribal Germanic gods and the new paganism of the Nazi extremists” (p. 332)
	“The National Reich Church of Germany categorically claims the exclusive right and the exclusive power to control all churches within the borders of the Reich” (p. 332)

The Nazification of Culture

(in the bad world) – all activities are controlled by the state
(in the good world) – the individual controls his or her own actions

(In the bad world) – Their will be a state organized torchlight parades
	(Torchlight Parade as to celebrate Liberation Week)
	“At about midnight parade of thousands of students ended at a square” (p. 323)

(In the bad world) – they eliminate the Germ infected materials – one way to show the consequences of this show a particular scientific advance due to the book that explained a particular scientific idea was destroyed and therefore lost, perhaps show the scientific idea of a vaccination to small pox is gone read the book that was destroyed.  Have the similar idea that the person who invented small pox also dies for he (or she) is considered to be a Germ.
(In the good world) – show small pox no longer exits show the character reading that the person who invented small pox was helped by reading a book that was not destroyed, show the person got inspired by reading the book (Book Burnings)
	“Torches were put to a huge pile of books that had been gathered there, and as the flames enveloped them more books were thrown on the fire until twenty thousand had been consumed.  Similar scenes took place in several other cities.  The book burning had begun.” (p. 333)
	“In the words of a student proclaiming any book was condemned to the flames “Which acts subversively on our future or strikes at the root of German thought, the German home and the driving forces of our people.” (p. 333)

(in the bad world) – the state controls society
	“but by the regimentation of culture on a scale which no modern Western nation had ever experienced” (p. 334)

(in the bad world) – all the creative arts (film, radio, T.V., books) – all had to serve a purpose of the state; a creative piece of work had to serve some particular feature of the state.  As a result, the creative arts of every kind declined in quality
(in the good world) – the creative arts (film, radio, TV, books) are not controlled by the state – so able to have produced works that were high in quality (Creative Arts Controlled by the State)
	“No one who lived in Germany in the Thirties, and who cared about such matters, can ever forget the sickening decline of the cultural standards of a people who had had such high ones for so long a time. This was inevitable, of course, the moment the Nazi leaders decided that the arts, literature, the press, radio and the films must serve exclusively the propaganda purposes of the new regime and its outlandish philosophy.” (p. 334)
	“Every manuscript of a book or a play had to be submitted to the Propaganda Ministry before it could be approved for publication or production.” (p. 334)

One way to show this idea – could be
(in the good world) – have the main character go to a multi-film complex with friends and show them talking about what film they want to see.  In the good world, show the character enjoying the film.
(in the bad world) – the main character with his economic work group go to the movie the shows only one film, a film about praising some feature of the state.  In the bad world, show the character bored, bored, and bored.

The different creative arts effected
-	music
-	theater
-	fine arts

(in the bad world) – need to get rid of Germ infected art
	“to “cleanse” Germany of its “decadent” art and to attempt to substitute a new “Germanic” art” (p. 337)
	“National Socialism has set out to purge the German Reich and our people of all those influences threatening its existence and character. . . With the opening of this exhibition has come the end of artistic lunacy and with it the artistic pollution of our people, 
	And yet some Germans at least, especially in the art center of Germany J which Munich was, preferred to be artistically polluted. In another part of the city in a ramshackle gallery that had to be reached through a narrow stairway was an exhibition of "degenerate art" which Dr. Goebbels had organized to show the people what Hitler was rescuing them from. It contained a splendid selection of modern paintings-Kokoschka, Chagall and expressionist and impressionist works. The day I visited it, after panting through the sprawling House of German Art, it was crammed, with a long line forming down the creaking stairs and out into the street 
	In fact, the crowds besieging it became so great that Dr. Goebbels, incensed and embarrassed, soon closed it. ! “(p. 337)

The Control of Press, Radio, Films

(in the bad world) – the state controls the press to safeguard the people and to prevent chaotic and confusing ideas from occurring in the press, the state controls the press to safeguard the harmony and stability in society so that the chaos and confusion of the society before the time of the original great leader.
	The state controls the press to maintain the unity of the enlightenment community so that Germ-inspired tricks to lead to disunity will not occur, remember disunity is the way the Germs hope to achieve power again, and when the Germs achieve power again, they will kill every member of the enlightenment race family they can get their hand on.
	“The Reich Press Law of October 4, 1933, which made journalism a "public vocation," regulated by law, stipulated that all editors must possess German citizenship, be of Aryan descent and not married to a Jew. Section 14 of the Press Law ordered editors "to keep out of the newspapers anything which in any manner is misleading to the public, mixes selfish aims with community aims, tends to weaken the strength of the German Reich, outwardly or inwardly, the common will of the German people, the defense of Germany, its culture and economy... or offends the honor and dignity of Germany"-an edict which, if it had been in effect before 1933, would have led to the suppression of  every Nazi editor and publication in the country. It now led to the ousting of those journals and journalists who were not Nazi or who declined to become so.” (p. 338) 

(in the good world) – the newspapers in the so-called original great leader country had a conformity in how the media was presented, “a deadly conformity would come over the nation’s press.” (p. 339)
	“Even a people so regimented and so given to accepting authority became bored by the daily newspaper.” (p. 339)

(In the bad world) – With the state controlling the press, the press becomes boring and less press publication appears – you could maybe show the main character having one publication and that publication is boring
(In the good world) – The main character will have several choices of publications to choose from, with having different choices the main character will be interested in the publication he read.
	“And the total circulation of all journals fell off steeply as one paper after another went under or was taken over by Nazi publishers. In the first four years of the Third Reich the number of daily newspapers declined from 3,607 to 2,671.” (p. 339)

	Radio and the Motion Pictures

(in the bad world) – the state controls the radio, the radio only broadcasts stuff that glorifies features of the state
	“The radio and the motion pictures were also quickly harnessed to serve the propaganda of the Nazi State. Goebbels had always seen in radio (television had not yet come in) the chief instrument of propaganda in modern society” (p. 341)

(In the bad world) – The state controls film, the film must show positive features of the state
	“The films remained in the hands of private firms but the Propaganda Ministry and the Chamber of Films controlled every aspect of the industry, their task being-in the words of an official commentary-"to lift the film industry out of the sphere of liberal economic thoughts . . . and thus enable it to receive those tasks which it has to fulfill in the National Socialist State." (p. 341)

(In the bad world) – With the state controlling the radio and films, radio and films are boring
	“The result in both cases was to afflict the German people with radio programs and motion pictures as inane and boring as were the contents of their daily newspapers and periodicals.” (p. 341)

(in the bad world) – the propaganda works on the citizens
	“I myself was to experience how easily one is taken in by a lying and censored press and radio in a totalitarian state. Though unlike most Ger- mans I had daily access to foreign newspapers, especially those of Lon- don, Paris and Zurich, which arrived the day after publication, and though I listened regularly to the BBC and other foreign broadcasts, my job necessitated the spending of many hours a day in combing the German press, checking the German radio, conferring with Nazi officials and going to party meetings. It was surprising and sometimes consternating to find that notwithstanding the opportunities I had to learn the facts and despite one's inherent distrust of what one learned from Nazi sources, a steady diet over the years of falsifications and distortions made a certain impression on one's mind and often misled it. No one who has not lived for years in a totalitarian land can possibly conceive how difficult it is to escape the dread consequences of a regime's calculated and incessant propaganda.” (p. 342)
	“No one who has not lived for years in a totalitarian land can possibly conceive how difficult it is to escape the dread consequences of a regime's calculated and incessant propaganda. Often in a German home or office or sometimes in a casual conversation with a stranger in a restaurant, a beer hall, a cafe, I would meet with the most outlandish assertions from seemingly educated and intelligent persons. It was obvious that they were parroting some piece of nonsense they had heard on the radio or read in the newspapers. Sometimes one ,; was tempted to say as much, but on such occasions one was met with such a stare of incredulity, such a shock of silence, as if one had blasphemed ,. the Almighty, that one realized how useless it was even to try to make contact with a mind which had become warped and for whom the facts of life had become what Hitler and Goebbels, with their cynical disregard for truth, said they were.” (p. 342)

Education in the Third Reich

(in the bad society) – education will team the youth to be taught the physical, and will engage in activities of the state
	“For education in the Third Reich, as Hitler envisaged it, was not to be confined to stuffy classrooms but to be furthered by a Spartan, political and martial training in the successive youth groups and to reach its climax not so much in the universities and engineering colleges, which absorbed but a small minority, but first, at the age of eighteen, in compulsory labor service and then in service, as conscripts, in the armed forces.” (p. 343)

(In the bad society) – The state was to have a role in shaping the youth
	“But, even more important, he, had stressed in his book the importance of winning over and then training the youth in the service "of a new national state" (p. 343)
	“"When an opponent declares, 'I will not come over to your side,' " he said in a speech on November 6, 1933, "I calmly say, 'Your child belongs to us already. . . What are you? You will pass on. Your descendants, how- ever, now stand in the new camp. In a short time they will know nothing else but this new community.'" And on May 1, 1937, he declared, "This new Reich will give its youth to no one, but will itself take youth and give to youth its own education and its own upbringing." It was not an idle boast; that was precisely what was happening.” (p. 343)
	“The German schools, from first grade through the universities, were quickly Nazified.” (p. 344)
	“Textbooks were hastily rewritten, curricula were changed, Mein Kampf was made-in the words of Der Deutsche Erzieher, official organ of the educators-"our infallible pedagogical guiding star"

(In the bad world) – There are no independent organizations
	“Every person in the teaching profession, from kindergarten through the universities, was compelled to join the National Socialist Teachers' League”

(In the bad society) – Everyone gives a oath to the great leader (Oath of Allegiance)
	“All teachers took an oath to be loyal and obedient to Adolph Hitler” (p. 344)

(in the bad society) – With the education being ideological, the actual education suffers
	“The result of so much Nazification was catastrophic for German education and for German learning” (p. 344)

(in the bad society) – The enlightenment race is the center of all good ideas of progress while the Germs are the source of all the evil and bad in this world.
	“The teaching of the "racial sciences," exalting the Germans as the master race and the Jews as breeders of almost all the evil there was in the world, was even more so.” (p. 345)

(in the bad world) – it takes more for people to get through an educational program
	“instituted twenty-five new courses in Rassen- kunde-racial science-and by the time he had really taken the university apart he had eighty-six courses connected with his own profession.” (p. 345)

(in the bad world) – the education goes down
	“The teaching of the natural sciences, in which Germany had been so pre-eminent for generations, deteriorated rapidly.
	Great teachers such as Einstein and Franck in physics, Haber, Willstaetter and Warburg in chemistry, were fired or retired. Those who remained, many of them were bitten by the Nazi aberrations and attempted to apply them to pure science. They began to teach what they called German physics, German chemistry, German mathematics. Indeed, in 1937 there appeared a journal called Deutsche Mathematik, and its first editorial solemnly proclaimed that any idea that mathematics could be judged nonracially carried "within itself the germs of destruction of German science." (p. 345) (Enlightenment Race Science)

(in the bad world) – The enlightenment race is the center of all progress
	“The hallucinations of these Nazi scientists became unbelievable, even to a layman. "German Physics?" asked Professor Philipp Lenard of Heidelberg University, who was one of the more learned and internationally respected scientists of the Third Reich. "'But,' it will be replied, “science is and remains international.' It is false. In reality, science, like every. other human product, is racial and conditioned by blood." Professor Rudolphe Tomaschek, director of the Institute of Physics at Dresden, went further. "Modem Physics," he wrote, "is an instrument of [world] Jewry for the destruction of Nordic science. . . True physics is the creation of the German spirit. . . In fact, all European science or is the fruit of Aryan, or, better, German thought." Professor Johannes Stark, head of the German National Institute of Physical Science, thought so too. It would be found, he said, that the "founders of research in physics, and the great discoverers from Galileo to Newton to the physical pioneers of our time, were almost exclusively Aryan, predominantly of the Nordic race." (p. 345)

(in the good world) – could show the high number of excellence of people who are Germs (and their expertise and contributions will be missed since they would have been killed in the bad world)
	“And yet from 1905 to 1931 ten German Jews had been awarded Nobel Prizes for their contributions to science” (p. 346)

(in the bad world) – All organizations belong to the state; all organizations are controlled and therefore are controlled by the state.
	Show one large state that is controlled by the state doing all functions with youth.
	“Hitler Youth on which he counted to educated the youth of Germany for the ends he had in mind.” (p. 348)
	“compared to some ten million youths who belonged to the various organizations in the Reich Committee of German Youth Associations.  In no country in the world had there been a youth movement of such vitality and numbers as in the Republican Germany.  Hitler realizing this, was determined to take it over, and Nazify it.” (p. 348)
	“On December 1, 1936, Hitler decreed a law outlawing it and all other non-Nazi organizations for young people…
	The German Youth, besides being reared within the family and schools, shall be educated physically, intellectually and morally in the spirit of National Socialism through the Hitler youth.” (p. 349)

(in the bad world) – People praise the glories of the great leader
	“who wrote maudlin verse in praise of Hitler (“this genius grazing the stars”)”

(in the bad society) – Children have to belong to the one organization that is controlled by the state.

(in the bad world) – All people take the oath to the great leader; it begins when one is a youth, where the youth marks a celebrated landmark in their lives to adulthood by taking an oath to the great leader (Oath of Alliegance)
	“At ten, after passing suitable tests in athletics, camping, and Nazified history, he graduated into the Jungvolk (“Young Folk”) where he took the following oath:
	In the presence of this blood banner, which represents our Fuehrer, I swear to devote all my energies, and my strength to the savior of our country, Adolph Hitler.  I am willing and ready to give up my life for him, so help me God. “(p. 350)

(In the good world) – The youth are able to choose a variety of organizations depending upon their interest – athletic, religious, social, and academic.
(In the bad world) – All youth must be part of the one organization that is controlled by the state that deal with youth
	“and in March 1939 the government issued a law conscripting all youth into the Hitler Youth on the same basis as they were drafted into the Army. Recalcitrant parents were warned that their children would be taken away from them and put into orphanages or other homes unless they enrolled.” (p. 351)

The Farmer of the Third Reich

(in the bad world) – the farms of the society are serfs, they are attached to the lord and they could not leave the land without the permission of the state
	“by putting him back on a very old footing in which farms were entailed, as in feudal days, and the farmer and successive inheritors compulsorily attached to their particular plot of soil (provided they were Aryan Germans) to the end of time.” (p. 355)
	“but at the same time he as bound to the soil as irrevocably as the serfs of feudal times. 
	And every aspect of his life and work was strictly regulated by the Reich Food Estate,” (p. 355)

	The Economy of the Third Reich

(in the bad world) – had the idea that the state controls the economy, besides the state controlling the different aspects of the economy directly, their will also exist large “private” companies to exist – but the state determines what these large private companies do

(in the bad world) – the state determines what business will produce
	“Germany went over to a total war economy. The purpose of the plan was to make Germany self-sufficient in four years, so that a wartime blockade would not stifle it. Imports were reduced to a bare minimum, severe price and wage controls were introduced, dividends restricted to 6 per cent, great factories set up to make synthetic rubber, textiles, fuel and other products from Germany's own sources of raw materials, and a giant Hermann Goering Works established to make steel out of the local low-grade ore. In short, the German economy was mobilized for war, and businessmen, though their profits soared, became mere cogs in a war machine, their work circumscribed by so many restrictions, by so many forms to fill out, that Dr. Funk, who succeeded Schacht in 1937 as Minister of Economics and in 1939 as president of the Reichsbank, was forced to admit ruefully that "official communications now make up more than one half of a German manufacturer's. entire correspondence" and that "Germany's export trade involves 40,000 separate transactions daily; yet for a single transaction as many as forty different forms must be filled out." 
	Buried under mountains of red tape, directed by the State as to what they could produce, how much and at what price, burdened by increasing taxation and milked by steep and never ending "special contributions" to the party, the businessmen, who had welcomed Hitler's regime so enthusiastically because they expected it to destroy organized labor and allow an entrepreneur to practice untrammeled free enterprise, became greatly disillusioned. One of them was Fritz Thyssen, one of the earliest and biggest contributors to the party. Fleeing Germany at the outbreak of the war, he recognized that the "Nazi regime has ruined German industry." And to all he met abroad he proclaimed, "What a fool I was” (p. 360)

(in the bad world) – the little business is destroyed while keeping the large companies
	“The little businessmen, who had been one of the party's chief supports and who expected great things from Chancellor Hitler, soon found themselves, many of them, being exterminated and forced back into the ranks of wage earners. Laws decreed in October 1937 simply dissolved all corporations with a capital under $40,000 and forbade the establishment; of new ones with a capital less than $200,000. This quickly disposed of one fifth of all small business firms. On the other hand the great cartels, which even the Republic had favored, were further strengthened by the Nazis. In fact, under a law of July 15, 1933, they were made compulsory.” (p. 361”

(in the bad world) – all organizations are controlled by the state
	“The system of myriad business and trade associations organized during the Republic was maintained by the Nazis, though under the basic law of February 27, 1934, they were reorganized on the streamlined leadership principle and put under the control of the State. All businesses were forced to become members. At the head of an incredibly complex structure was the Reich Economic chamber, whose leader was appointed by the State, and which controlled seven national economic groups, twenty- three economic chambers, one hundred chambers of industry and commerce and the seventy chambers of handicrafts. Amidst this labyrinthine organization and all the multitude of offices and agencies of the Ministry of Economics and the Four- Year Plan and the Niagara of thousands of special decrees and laws even the most astute businessman was often lost, and special lawyers had to be employed to enable a firm to function. The graft involved in finding one's way to key officials who could make decisions on which orders depended or in circumventing the endless rules and regulations of the government and the trade associations became in the late Thirties astronomical. "An economic necessity," one businessman termed it to this writer. “(p. 262)




The Serfdom of Labor

(in the bad world) – All workers belong to the employer; the worker is a serf with the employer being a master to the employee. (The worker belongs to the employer)
	“the German worker in the Third Reich became an industrial serf, bound to his master, the employer, much as medieval peasants had been bound to the lord of the manor” (p. 363)
	“Ear
lier, the Law Regulating National Labor of January 20, 1934, known as the "Charter of Labor," had put the worker in his place and raised the employer to his old position of absolute master-subject, of course, to interference by the all-powerful State.” (p. 363)

(in the bad world) – the state determines where a worker will work at:
(Note: in the story have the main character being trained as a personnel specialist working in a state employment office, the main character being trained to select workers in the best job positions in the interests of the state, not of the individual)
	“As with the medieval serfs, the workers in Hitler's Germany found themselves being more and more bound to their place of labor, though here it was not the employer who bound them but the State” (p. 365)
	“After June 1935 the state employment offices were given exclusive control of employment; they determined who could be hired for what and where. 
The "workbook" was introduced in February 1935, and eventually no worker could be hired unless he possessed one. In it was kept a record of his skills and employment. The workbook not only provided the State and the employer with up-to-date data on every single employee in the nation but was used to tie a worker to his bench. If he desired to leave for other employment his employer could retain his workbook, which meant that he could not legally be employed elsewhere. Finally, on June 22, 1938, a special decree issued by the Office of the Four-Year Plan instituted labor conscription. It obliged every German to work where the State assigned him. Workers who absented themselves from their jobs without a very good excuse were subject to fine and imprisonment.” (p. 263-265) (State employment offices determine where workers go to work.  State assigns where people go off to work)

(in the bad world) – the society is organized by the state; the main character will do things with his economic working group.  The state will organize large entertainment displays that the main character in his economic group will do.
	The state not only controls a citizen’s work hours but also their leisure hours as well.
	“Tied down by so many controls at wages little above the subsistence level, the German workers, like the Roman proletariat, were provided with circuses by their rulers to divert attention from their miserable state.”We had to divert the attention of the masses from material to moral values," Dr. Ley once explained. "It is more important to feed the souls of men than their stomachs." 

(In the bad world) – The worker leisure hours are determined as well (in the story all the hours of the main character will be determined by the state) (All the hours including leisure hours are controlled by the state)
	“So he came up with an organization called Kraft durch Freude ("Strength through Joy"). This provided what can only be called regimented leisure. In a twentieth-century totalitarian dictatorship, as per- haps with older ones, it is deemed necessary to control not only the working hours but the leisure hours of the individual. This was what "Strength through Joy" did. In pre-Nazi days Germany had tens of thousands of clubs devoted to everything from chess and soccer to bird watching. Under the Nazis no organized social, sport or recreational group was allowed to function except under the control and direction of Kraft durch Freude. 
	To the ordinary German in the Third Reich this official all-embracing recreational organization no doubt was better than nothing at all, if one could not be trusted to be left to one's own devices. It provided members of the Labor Front, for instance, with dirt-cheap vacation trips on land” (p. 265)

(in the bad society) = the state will control what citizens will do - perhaps have one state organization that will control the leisure activities of citizens.  The state determines a citizen’s time and activities.
(in the good society) - The citizens themselves will determine how they will spend their leisure time
	“So he came up with an organization called Kraft duch Freude (“Strength through Joy”).  This provided what only be called regimented leisure.  In a twentieth century totalitarian dictatorship, as perhaps with older ones, it is deemed necessary to control not only the working hours but the leisure hours of the individual.  This was what “Strength through Joy” did.”

(in the good society) - the person will be able to choose among a variety of independent organizations to choose from
(in the bad society) - the person will not have any independent organization exists, have in the story, one state controlled organization that controls all the leisure activities of all citizens.
	“In pre-Nazi days Germans had tens of thousands of clubs devoted to everything from chess and soccer to bird watching.  Und the Nazi non organized social, sport, or recreational group was allowed to function except under the control and direction of Kraft durch Freude”
(the recreational agencies go from many to one controlled by the state)
(show in the story the contrast of who has control of your activity and time, in the good world the individual will have control of their activity and time.  In the bad world the state will have control of a citizens activity and time).

(in the bad world) - have the character think they are able to get leisure time at all, the time before the original great leader will be presented as where people were not able to have the opportunity to have leisure activities - and the character will thankful to have the chance to enjoy leisure activities - with not being fully aware he could have it better if he was able to control the leisure activities he does) 
	(One way to show this could be have the main character see mountains in the distance that he sees - and he wishes he could go after the mountains, but he is not able to do so in the bad society since this economic group never goes off to the mountains - something we will see the main character be able to do in the good world)
“To the ordinary German in the Third Reich this official all-embracing recreational organization no doubt was better than nothing at all, if one could not be trusted to be left to one’s own devices” (p. 366).
	(Some activities of the organization)
		Sports
		19 - Piece orchestra continually tour the country

(in the bad world) - it will be emphasized to every citizen in the country that before the original great leader - their was chaos and confusion and people starved, people had all those “rights” but good where these “rights” if one was dead.  The original great leader will be looked at with great wonderment and being gratitude with the original great leader being able to provide everyone a job and not have to starve.
	(The right to live will be exchanged for all other rights)
	“But the greatest cause of his acceptance of his role in Nazi Germany was, without any doubt at all, that he had a job again and the assurance that he would keep it…In the past, for so many, for as many as six million men and their families, such rights of free men in Germany, had been overshadowed, as he said, by the freedom to starve.  In taking away that last freedom, Hitler assured himself of the support of the working class, probably the most skillful and industrious and disciplined in the Western world.” (p. 369)

Justice in the Third Reich

(in the bad world) - Leader Is Law - the rules of the society are based upon the leader
(in the good world) - the rules of the society are based upon law.
	“Germany under National Socialism ceased to be a society based on law “Hitler is the law!” (p. 369)

(in the bad world) - Leader Is Law - the rules of the society are based upon the Leader.
	“The law and will of the Fuehrer are one.” It was true. The law was what the dictator said it was.” (p. 370)
	“That he was the “supreme judge” of the German people, with power to do death whomever he pleased.” (p. 370)

(in the bad world) - Leader Is Law - when you are interrupting law think of what the great leader would decide to do if he heard the case
	“There is no independence of law against National Socialism.  Say to yourself at every decision which you make: “How would the Fuehrer decide in my place?” (p. 370)

(in the bad world) - to use traditional courts, use people courts
	“the Volksgerichtchoff, the People’s Court” (p. 371)

(in the bad world) - the special court
	“The soundergich, the Special Court” (p. 372)

(in the good world) - they have concentration camps as was found in the society after the original great leader was defeated.
	“The first concentration camps sprang up like mushrooms during Hitler’s first year of power” (p. 374)

(in the bad world) - Rule by fear - to existence of concentration camps is to put a fear in the population
	“The S.S. Fuehrer saw more clearly than the Minister that the purpose of the concentration camps was not only to punish enemies of the regime but by their very existence to terrorize the people and deter them from even contemplating any resistance of Nazi rule.” (p. 375)

(in the bad rule) - rule by fear - 
	“initials that struck fear in the bosoms of all Germany” (p. 376)

(in the bad world) - in the society people are encourage to let the officials know about “disunity” comments.  In the bad society, informers are everywhere.
(in the good world) - when the original great leader society is defeated, it becomes aware that one of the means of control were informers.
	“the S.D. soon spread its net over the country, employing some 100,000 part-time informers who were directed to snoop on every citizen in the land and report the slightest remark or activity which was deemed inimical to Nazi rule.  No one - if he were not foolish - said or did anything that might be interrupted as “anit-Nazi” without first taking precautions that it was not being recorded by hidden S.D. microphones or overhead by an S.D. agent.  Your son or your father or your wife or your cousin or your best friend or your boss or your secretary might be an informer for Hedrick’s organization, you never knew, and if you were wise nothing was taken for granted.” (p. 377)

(in the bad society) - they go after, punish people who vote “No” in a referendum.  In the bad society, have a secret police track who voted “No” in the referendum.  Able to find who voted “No” in the elections.
	“one of the interesting, if subordinate tasks of the S.D. was to ascertain who voted “No” in Hitler’s plebiscites…the ballots were handed out in numerical order, therefore it was possible afterwards … to find out the persons who cast “No” votes or invalid votes.” (p. 377).

Government in the Third Reich

(in the bad world) - the Leader is Law 
	“Hitler based the “legality” of his rule on the despised republican constitution.  Thus thousands of decreed laws - there were no others in the Third Reich - were explicitly based on the emergency presidential decree of February 28, 1933, for the Protection of the People and the State, which Hindenburg under Article 48 of the constitution, had signed.  It will be remembered that the aged President was bamboozled into signing the decree after the Reichstag fire when Hitler assured him that there was grave danger of a Communist revolution.” (p. 378) (Original Great leader takes power due to chaos)

(in the bad world) - The Leader is Law.  The leader is on top - and everyone else obeys below in the organizational chart.
	“Such was the government of the Third Reich, administered from top to bottom on the so - called leadership principle by a vast and sprawling bureaucracy. (p. 380)
	“At the top of the swarming heap stood the onetime Austrian vagabond, now became, with the exception of Stalin, the most powerful dictator on earth …
	There is in Germany today only one authority, and that is the authority of the Fuehrer.” (p. 380) 

Book Three: The Road to War
Chpt. 9: the first steps: 1934 - 37

(in the bad world) - the country of the original great leader will be remembered as peaceful leader, and it was the countries around him where aggressive
(in the good world) - the original great leader preaches peace, promises peace but secretly prepares for war, and does not to get attacked when he first take over the state.
	“to talk peace, to prepare secretly for war and to proceed with enough caution in foreign policy and clandestine rearmament to avoid any preventive military action against Germany by the Versailles powers - such were Hitler’s tactics during the first two years.” (p. 385)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader promises peace
(in the good world) - the original great leader promises peace, but he breaks his promises 
	“All that Hitler could do was to preach peace, get along with his secret rearmament and wait and watch for opportunities.” (p. 387)
	“Besides the Reichstag, Hitler had another means of communicating his peace propaganda to the outside world, the foreign press, whose correspondents, editors, and publishers were constantly seeking interviews with him.” (p. 387)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader builds up his military force
	“building up to the armed services and procuring arms for them.” (p. 391)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader makes the state strong, citizens happy to be part of a strong state that is not weak (p. 391).

(in the bad world) - the state celebrates heroes day
	“that Sunday was also Heroes’ Memorial Day (Heldengeadenktag) “(p. 392)

(in the good world) - the original great leader had a strategy of prepare for war, preach peace, and look for cracks of weakness.  It was this pattern that the original great leader had success in his conflicts in the early ears of his conquests.
	“It was time, he decided, to pull out the stops again on his love for peace and to see whether the new unity of peace of the powers arrayed against him might not be undermined and breached after all.” (p. 393)

(in the bad society) - the state uses referendums
	“Foreign correspondents who visited the polling places found some irregularities - especially, open instead of secret voting - and there was no doubt that some Germans feared (with justification as we have seen) that a Nein vote might be discovered by the Gestapo” (p. 405)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader is able to make people aware of their greatness - he able to have the awakening - making citizens know their greatness and unity with the original great leader, the confusing and chaotic days before the original great leader are over.
	“he had released the dynamic energy of the German people, reawakening their confidence in the nation and their sense of its mission and their sense of its mission as a great and expanding world power.” (p. 411)

(in the bad world) - the democratic states are weak with the citizens filled with confusion chaos.
	“Everyone could see the contrast between this thriving martial, boldly led now Germany and the decadent democracies in the West, whose confusions and vacillations seemed to increase with each new month of the calendar.” (p. 411) (The Germ lead states where societies of confusion)

(in the bad world) - have giant celebrations done by the state - like to hear the great leader.
	“A gigantic crowd of one million persons was gathered on the Maifeld to hear the two fascist dictators speak their peace” (p. 414)

(in the bad world) - not sure where to put it - only through force can the state lead by the original great leader without negotiations etc.
	“Germany’s problem could be solved only by means of force” (p. 419)

Chpt. 10
Strange, Fateful, Interlude: The Fall of Blomber, Fritsch, Neuathan and Schacht

(in the bad world) - have the original great leader rule “an appointment with the Leader” (p. 424)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader has many titles
	“From now one I take over personally the command of the whole armed forces” (p. 435)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader has many titles
	“Hitler was it’s Supreme Commander” (p. 436)

Chpt 11: 
Anachluss: The Rape of Austria

(in the bad world) - People in the bad world will remember the original great leader on a mission chosen by fate:
	“I am telling you once more that things cannot go no this way.  I have a historic mission, and this mission I will fulfill because Providence has destined me to do so … who is not with me will be crushed.” (p. 446)

(in the bad world) - The society is in big on Boasting in Achievements (we produce the best, brightest, above everyone else)
	“that Germany is building bigger and better buildings than the United States” (p. 447)

(with reading how the Austrian leader was pressured to sign an agreement to give up his country, could create a story where a document where the leader “voluntary” agrees to have his state join the state of the original great leader). (The signed document will serve as “proof” about the leader wishing to join the countries together, citizens can see a broadcast replay, or the joining of both states) (In the broadcast the leader who singed the agreement to his country to that of the country of the original great leader, said that now that the two nations are joined all citizens should gather around the original great leader.  Also will show both sides from both countries celebrating the great union between both countries.)

(in the good world) - history will record when the leader of another country visited the original great leader on a state “visit” to talk to the original great leader to talk about the current troubles between both states, the original great leader kills the leader who was visiting and then will make a document with a forged signature, and for the broadcast will have someone who will look like the original great leader.  The armies of the original great leader will invade the smaller state of the country of the leader who was visiting, the broadcast with agents from the original great leader sent into create confusion allows the original great leader’s armies to invade the smaller state quickly. 

(in the bad world) - The original great leader took over other weak governments since the weak governments were in chaos and confusion themselves, the gift of order and stability that the original great leader gave to his own state, he gave the gift of order and stability to other countries.
	You could also create stories of the state of the original great leader taking over other states as a humanitarian mission.
	It will also be displayed as to the citizens of the states being taken over as very glad and happy that they were receiving the gift of order and stability.
(in the good world) - When the original great leader was taking over other states will be displayed an empty propaganda reasons for taking over the other smaller states - for their was not chaos and confusion in the small states.
	“I found a screaming headline in the Voelkischer Beobachter: German Austria saved from chaos.  There were incredible stories hatch up by Goebbels describing Red disorders - fighting, shooting, pillaging - in the main streets of Vienna” (p. 466)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader has a sense of mission.  The original great leader has a mission to lead.
	“It Providence once called me forth from this town to be leader of the Reich, it must in so doing have charged me with a mission….I have believed in this mission.”

(in the bad world) - have the state of the original great leader use referendums, emphasize in the announcement that the referendums are free and secret.
(in the good world) - learn that the original great leader’s state did not have free and secret referendums
	“a free and secret plebiscite” (p. 473)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader was determined by fate to be on a mission, the arrival of the original great leader was a miracle - the mission miracle was having the arrival of the original great leader.

(in the bad world) - use secret and free referendums 
(in the good world) - the state of the original great leader used referendums where it was able to find out who voted “No”, which created a fear for people to vote “No” in a referendums.
	“As it was, it took a very brave Austrian to vote No.  As in Germany, and without reason, the voters feared that their failure to cast an affirmative ballot might be found out” (p. 476)

(in the bad world) - 
	“Office for Jewish Emigration … eventually as agency not of emigration but of extermination and to organize the slaughter of more than four million persons, mostly Jewish” (p. 477)
	In the book, go to use people themselves participate not a formal organization - like Rwanda.

(in the bad world) - Everyone takes an oath to the great leader (Oath of Alliegiance)
	“Whereupon Dr. Schact administered to the Austrian staff an oath to be “faithful and obedient to the Fuehrer.” (p. 478)

Chpt. 12 The Road to Munich

(in the bad world) - The original great leader was never aggressive one - but their would also be incidents of smaller states that would have to force the peaceful loving original great leader into action
(in the good world) - The incidents were propaganda reasons to take over other states.
	The original great leader used a propaganda reason to start to take over the smaller states.
	“Hitler rejected the “idea of strategic attack out of the blue without cause of possibility of justification” because of “hostile world opinion which might lead to a critical situation” (p. 485)
	“Lightening action based on an incident (for example, the murder of the German minister in the course of an anti-German demonstration)” (p. 485)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader was peaceful and non-aggressive however due to the harsh treatment - the enlightenment family race people got bad treatment in the small countries next to the original great leader, despite the efforts of the original great leader to avoid having to invade the small countries, the original great leader had no other choice not to invade these countries.  The original great leader had to invade the other countries to protect the members of the enlightenment family race from being badly mistreated.
(in the good world) - The original great leader used the status of bad treatment of the minorities as a reason to attack.  The original great leader use a propaganda reason of the bad treatment of minorities as to attack the other countries.
	“Thus, the plight of the German minority in Czechosovakia was for Hitler merely a pretext, as Danzing was to be a year later in regard to Poland.”(p. 488)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader use the plight of bad treatment of the enlightenment family race as a reason to attack 
	“(b) by lightning action as the result of a serious incident which will subject Germany to unbearable provocation and which, in the eyes of at least a part of world opinions afford the more justification for military measures.
	Case (b) is more favorable, both from a military and a political point of view” (p. 491)

(Bad treatment of the Germans)
“And all through May Dr. Goebbels Propaganda War - featuring wild stories of “Czech terror” against the Sudeten Germans - had been stepped up.” (p. 493)

(in the good world)  - The society is ruled by law
“A state and society ruled by law must be restored” (p. 501)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader is a genius 
	“believe in the genius of the Fuehrer” (p. 502)

(in the bad world) - no independent organization exists independently of the state
	“They had no organization outside of the Nazi party groups” (p. 505)

(in the bad world) - The state of the original great leader rules the state with fear and terror
	“difficult in a police state dominated by terror and spying” (p. 505)

(in the bad world) - as the original great leader takes over small countries, as the original great leader takes over states, other small states help him without realizing that they later on will be taken over by the original great leader themselves.
	“but Colonel Jozef Beck, the Polish Foreign Minister was casting covetous eyes on a slice of Czech territory, the Teschen area. Bech already was exhibiting that fatal short-sightedness, so widely shared in Europe that summer, which in the end would prove more disastrous than he could possibly imagine.” (p. 512)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader uses an “incident” to justify the attacking of other countries.  A “incident” could be the smaller states attacking the more powerful state that the original great leader rules
	“the fixing of the exact time for the “incident” which will give Germany provocation for military intervention is most important” (p... 512)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader is a genius
	“do not recognize the Fuehrer’s genius” (p. 514)

(in the bad world) - the great leader will encourage other small states to join in the action to help take over the small state the original great leader is taking over without seeing the danger that the small states that were getting in the act where themselves in danger.
	“The captured German Foreign Office documents abound with reports of increasing German pressure on Hungry and Poland to get in on the spoils” (p. 525)
	“It was Hungary’s last opportunity to join in.  If she did not, he would not be in a position to put in a word for Hungarian interests” (p. 525)
	“Egged on by Berlin, the Polish government on September 21 demanded of the Czechs a plebiscite in the Teschen district, where there was a large Polish minority, and moved troops to the frontier of the area.” (p. 526)
	“The Poles and the Hungarians, after threatening military action against the helpless nation, now swept down like vultures, to get a slice of Czechoslovak territory, Poland at the insistence of Foreign Minister Joz at Beck, who for the next twelve months will be a leading character in this narrative, took some 650 square miles of territory around Teschen, comprising a population of 228,000 inhabitants, of whom 133,000 were Czechs.  Hungry got a larger slice in the armed meted out on November 2 by Ribbentrop and Ciano: 7,500 square miles, with an population of 500,000 Magyars and 272,000 Slovaks.” (p. 569)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader is a genius; “The genius of the Fuehrer” (p. 569)

(in the bad world) - the Leader never makes a mistake
(in the good world) - it would be recognize later that if the original great leader had promised in his declarations certain things, and then the original great leader had to back down, the original great leader would have been out of power.
	“Had he, after all his categorical threats and declarations, tried to crawl back from the limb of his own, he scarcely could have survived for long, dictatorships being what they are and his dictatorship, in particular, being what it was.” (p. 575)

(in the bad world) - as the original great leader starts to take over states, when “alliances” or promises of support among a collection of medium size strength states and smaller states that were originally designed to stand against the original great leader prove no longer be accepted as true (when they see that these “alliances” or promises of support prove to be not true)(when the medium size strength states do not protect the smaller states from the original great leader the remaining smaller states realize that they will not get any protection from their “alliances” or promises of support from medium strength states), smaller states start to make agreements with the state ruled by the original great leader since they think they have no protection from their “alliances” or promises of support from other states.
	“But that was not all.  After Munich how could France’s remaining allies in Easter Europe have any confidence in her written word?  What value now were alliances with France?  The answer in Warsaw, Buchast, and Belgrade was: Not much; and their was scramble in these capitals to make the best deal possible, while their was still time, with the Nazi conqueror.” (p. 576)

Chpt. 13 Czechoslovakia Ceases to exist

(in the bad world) - the great cleansing effort to get rid of the Germs will be portrayed as a great and spontaneous event that came from the people
(in the good world) - the “spontaneous” event will have been shown to have had the planning of Rwanda
	“it was a “spontaneous” demonstration of the German people in reactions to the news of the murder in Paris. But after the war, documents came to light which show how “spontaneous” it was.
	They are among the most illuminating - and gruesome - secret papers of the prewar Nazi era.
	On the evening of November 9, according to a secret report made by the chief party judge, Major Walther Bush.  Dr. Goebbels issued instructions that “spontaneous demonstrations” will be “organized and executed” during the night”. (p. 581)
	(in the bad world) - there are not to be relationships between the races
	“There were also some cases of rape, which Major Buch’s part court, judging by it’s own report, considered worse than murder, since they violated the Nuremberg racial laws which forbade sexual intercourse between Gentiles and Jews.  Such offenders were expelled from the party and turned over to the civil courts.  Party members who simply murdered Jews “cannot be punished” (p. 582)
	(Sexual relationships between the races will be punished.  However, murder of slaves will not be punished)

(in the bad world) - the state of the original great leader has a negative belief towards democracies
	“A representative of the Foreign Office dared to suggest that American public opinion be considered in taking further measurers against the Jews.  This inspired an outburst from Goering “The country of scoundrels!...the gangster state.” (p. 585)

(not sure how to put it in story) - the original great leader loses control, thinks to highly of himself without any controls to bring him back to the world of reality
	“But now, as November 9 and its aftermath clearly showed, Hitler was losing his self-control.  His megalomania was getting the upper hand…From now on the absolute master of the Third Reich would show little of that restraint which had saved him so often before.” (p. 587)

(in the good world) - as the original great leader state was falling apart and being defeated - the state against him where able to capture documents that showed his sense of mind.
	“there again, thanks to the captured confidential minutes of the meeting, we may peer into the weird mind of the German dictator, rapidly giving way to megalomania and watch him spinning fantastic lies and uttering his dire threats in a manor and to the extent which he no doubt was sure would never come to public attention.” (p. 595)

(in the bad world) - as the original great leader takes over states, one way he did this was a part of a state would seek “independence” and would ask for the forces of the original great leader
	“Proclaiming Slovakia’s independence the urgency requesting the Fuehrer to take over the protection of the new state.” (p. 596)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader protects members of the enlightenment family race and he has to go into other countries to give protection to the dangers, hardships the enlightenment race family was facing in other states that the original great leader did not control.  When the original great leader did go into other states, he was glorified as protector from the horrible things that the states where doing to the enlightenment race family.
	“from whipping up the German press into a frenzy over intended acts of terror by the Czechs against the poor Germans… Hitler could assure the proud German people that their kinsman would not remain unprotected for long.” (p. 598)
	“all the alleged wrongs which the Czechoslovakia of Masaryk and Benes had done to Germans and Germany.” (p. 599)
	“represent the tiresome lies about the “wild excesses” and “terror” of the Czechs which he had been forced to bring an end to and proudly proclaiming “Czechoslovakia  has ceased to exist!”(p.603)

(in the bad world) - the enlightenment race family is made of superior quality race
	“thanks to the greatness and the qualities of the German people” (p. 604)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader helps “protect” the enlightenment race family from the evils of living in the smaller states
	“Treaty of Protection” (p 605)

(in the bad world) - Democracies are weak and make their citizens weak
	“Since that meeting not only Hitler but Mussolini had reached the conclusion that the British had become so weak” (p. 605)

(in the bad world) - the leaders of the democracies area a soft, spoiled qualities
	“These, after all, are the sons of a long line of rich men, and they will lose their Empire” (p. 606)

Chpt. 14 The Turn of Poland

(in the bad world) - in the area of places and states that the original great leader took over, he liberated those people
	“a delirious “liberated” German throng.” (p. 621)
  
(in the bad world) - Sometimes smaller states would help the original great leader in this conquests, but of course these smaller states who had helped the original great leader where themselves destroyed.
	“an obvious reference to Czechoslovakia which Poland has helped Hitler to dismember” (p. 623)

(in the bad world) - The enlightenment family race faced bad treatment in places in the world where the original great leader was not able to protect them.
	“raged at the alleged persecution of the German minority in Poland” (p. 624)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader has success of taking over other states by conquering one state at a time.
	“He could no longer use the techniques of taking one nation at a time while Western democracies stood aside debating what to do.” (p. 627)

(in the bad world) - The democratic states are the weak states
	“the weakness of the democratic powers” (p. 640)

(in the bad world) - the society will have slaves 
	“Besides, Hitler adds, the population of non-German territories in the East will be available as a source of labor - an early hint of the slave labor program he was later to put into effect” (p. 649)

(in the bad world) - People obey the great leader; people do not question the great leader but blindly obey
	“Their job, as they saw it, was not to question but to blindly obey” (p. 653)

(in the bad world) - One of the secrets in the original great leader’s ability to was to limit the scope of this conflict - to take on one or few countries at the time.
	“Germany was still not strong enough, and probably would never be, to take on France, Britain, and Russia in addition to Poland.  As the fateful summer commenced, all depended on the Fuehrer’s ability to limit the war.” (p. 655)

(in the bad world) - Slavery exists
“Already, it was obvious; the Nazi program for slave labor was taking shape.” (p. 666)

(in the bad world) - The great leader will be remembered as a great and unique statesman
“to live at a time when, apart from himself, there was another statesman living who would stand out in history as a great and unique figure” (p. 683)



(in the bad world) - Democracies produce weak leaders
	“For one thing, Britain “has no leaders or real caliber.  The men I got to know at Munich are not the kind that starts a new world war.” (p. 688)

(in the bad world) - Democracies are weak
	“Britain was too decadent.  France too degerate, America too uninterested, to fight for Poland, he said” (p. 691)

(in the bad world) - The peaceful original great leader has always had peace as his ideal, always wanted peace - but the horrible states around the original great leader would always attack him forcing the original great leader to go to war.
(in the good world) - the state the original great leader ruler ruled would create fake “incidents” to justify the reasons for attacking a country - would create fake attacks against itself - would say that states would attack the original great leader himself and the other states started the conflict.(How the Great Conflict begins)
	“The S.S. - Gestapo would stage a faked attack on the German radio station at Gleiqitz, near the Polish border, using the condemned concentration camp inmated outfitted in Polish Army uniforms.  Thus, Poland could be blamed for attacking Germany” (p. 692)
	the fake incident was called “Operation Himmiler” (p. 691) (the incident would be faking to attack a radio station).
	“plans for another border incident, in which it should be made to appear that Polish soldiers were attacking German troops.” (p. 693)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader is a genius;
	“then on his own greatness” (p. 705)

(in the bad world) - The greatness and everything good in this world is due to the original great leader
	“Essential, all depends upon me; on my existence because of my political talents…There will probably never again in the future be a man with more authority than I have.  My existence is therefore a factor of great value.  But I can be eliminated at any time by a criminal or a lunatic.” (p. 706)

(in the bad world) - Everything that is good in this world depends upon the original great leader.  The original great leader (and by extension the great leader living at the time of the main character) is everything.
	“No one know how long I shall live.  Therefore a showdown, which it would not be safe to put off for four to five years, had better take place now.” (p. 706)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader gives truthful reasons for attaching other countries
(in the good world) - The original great leader gave false reasons for attacking other countries because with being the victor, the reason for attacking another country does not matter.
	“I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war. never mind whether it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether he told the truth or not.  In starting and waging a war it is not right that matters but victory.” (p. 709)

(in the bad world) - Strength is praised, do not allow weakness or pity characters to get in your way - don’t be like the democracies that produce weak people
	“Close your hearts to pity! Act brutally! Eighty million people must obtain what is their right…The stronger man is right…Be harsh and remorseless! Be steeled against all signs of compassion!...Whoever has pondered over the world order knows that its meaning lies in the success of the best by means of force…” (p. 709)

Chpt. 16 The Last Days of Peace

(in the bad world) - the enlightenment family race is badly mistreated by other states not under the control of the original great leader
	“He could stand it no more.  Any further persecution of Germans by the Poles would bring immediate action.” (p. 727)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader changes everything to success; the original great leader being a genius does not have a single failure only success
	“It was surely quite clear to everyone that the world war [i.e. 1914-1918] would not have been lost if he had been Chancellor at the time.” (p. 728)”

(in the bad world) - the enlightenment family race is badly mistreated in states not under control of the original great leader
	“to unloosen a wave of appalling terrorism against the one and a half million German inhabitants living in Poland” such “atrocities” he declared, “are terrible for the victims but intolerable for a Great Power such as the German Reich” Germany would no longer tolerate them” (p. 728)
	“In case of intolerable events in Poland” (p. 729)

(Thought) (In the bad world) - Workers will not have breaks, the work conditions will be horrible, and so workers get injured where they will have to work
(In the good world) - Workers will be able to get breaks, work conditions are better

(Thought) (In the bad world) - As the original great leader will make a agreement with one of the major powers to attack another smaller state - they will divide it up. However, another major power will declare war against the original great leader and the major power state who was in agreement with the original great leader.
(In the good world) - As the original great leader will make a agreement with one of the major powers to attack another smaller state - they will divide it up.  However, another major power will declare war only against the state of the original great leader and not the major power in agreement with the original great leader.
	(in the footnote) “This saved the British government from the disastrous step of having war on the Soviet Union when the Red Army, in cahoots with the Germans invaded eastern Poland”) (p. 733)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader controls everything
	“Hitler’s held on Germany - on the Army, the police, the government, the people - was too complete to be loosened on undermined by anything they could think of doing.” (p. 742)

(in the bad society) - We all follow the original great leader
	“and indeed of the Germans, who, with a few exceptions, were ready to follow him blindly no matter where no how regardless of morals, ethics, honor, or the Christian concept of humanity.” (p. 747)

(in the bad world) - There is no free press, only state news propaganda
(in the good world) - They have a free press
	“For six years, since the Nazi “co-ordination” of the daily newspapers, which had meant the destruction of a free press, the citizens had been cut off from the truth of what was going on in the world.” (p. 749)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader is never at fault, the original great leader is a peaceful leader, and it is the aggressive states next to him that force a war.  The original great leader forced into armed conflicts with other states due to”
	(1) German minority are badly treated
	(2) Democratic states are the aggressors 
(in the good world) - The original great leader who is the attacker and attacked the other states next to him.  The original great leader would create lies as to why he was attacking
	“Whereas all the rest of the world considers that the peace is about to be broken by Germany, that it is Germany that is threatening to attack Poland… here in Germany, in the world the local newspapers create, the very reverse is maintained….what the Nazi paper are proclaiming is this: Poland is threatening Germany with armed invasion…
	“POLAND LOOK OUT!” warns the B.Z. headline, adding “Answer to Poland, the Runner-Amok (Amokluaffer) Against Peace and Right in Europe” or the headline in Des Fuehrer daily newspaper of Karlsruhe which I bought on a train; “Warsaw threatens Bombardment of Danzig - unbelievable Agitation of the Polish Archmadness (Polrishchen Gorsssenwashn!)
	You ask: But the German people can’t possibly believe these lies?  Then you talk to them.  So many do.” (p. 750)
	(The Germ lead states are the aggressors)

	“Complete chaos in Poland - German Families Flee 	- Polish soldiers Push to the Edge of the German bolder!” (p. 750)

	“The playing with fire going too far - three German Passenger Planes Shot at by Poles - In corridor many Germany Farmhouses in Flames!” (p. 750)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader as a last option has to attack the other countries when the other countries reject the original great leader genius peace proposals
(in the good world) - The “peace proposals” of the original great leader to attack other countries was just a propaganda reason
	“If the Poles, as he was quite sure, did not rush the emissary to Berlin, or even if they did and the negotiator declined to accept Hitler’s terms, then Poland could be blamed for refusing a “peaceful settlement” and Britain and France might be induced not to come to its aide when attacked.  Primitive, but simple and clear.” (p. 769)
	“General Halder put Hitler’s game succinctly in a diary entry of August 29 “Fuehrer hopes to drive wedge between British, French, and Poles.  Strategy: Raise a barrage of demands of demographic and democratic demands…The Poles will come to Berlin on August 30.  On August 31 the negotiations will blow up.  On September 1, start to use force” (p. 769)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader loves peace, always had loved peace - he was only forced into armed conflicts because he was forced to
(in the good world) - the original great leader created lies to portray that he only wanted peace, but he wanted to attack.  The “peace” was a public-relations campaign.
	“In fact they were a hoax.  They were a sham to fool the German people, and if possible, world opinion into believing that Hitler had attempted of the last minute to reach a reasonable settlement of his claims against Poland.” (p. 772)

“I needed an alibi, especially with the German people, to show them that I had done everything to maintain peace” (p. 772)
	“they succeeded in their aim of fooling the German people” (p. 773)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader always loves peace, would only do war as a last option.
(in the good world) - the original great leader would give propaganda reason of peaceful things he tried to do, but they were denied
	“give a propaganda reason for starting the war” and admonished them not to “mind whether it was plausible or not?” “The victor” had had told them “will not be asked afterwards whether he told the truth or not.  In starting and waging a war it is not right that matters, but victory.” (p. 787)

(in the bad world) - propaganda using 2 points
	(1) Poland rejected a good responsible peace offer
	(2) Poland attacked Germany
	(Two things to show at the start of the Great Conflict
(1)	Aggressive state rejects peace treaty
(2)	Aggressive state attacks the original great leader state)

Chpt. 17 The Launching of World War II

(in the bad world) - the original great leader loves peace, it was the other states that attacked him forcing himself in a armed conflict
(in the good world) - the original great leader attacked the other countries as the aggressor
	“This night for the first time Polish regular soldiers fired on our own territory.  Since 5:45 AM, we have been returning fire, and from now one bomb will be met with bombs.
	Thus was the faked German attack on the German radio station.” (p. 793)

(in the bad world) - have a line of succession should the great leader die, his successor will take over, then there would be a successor after that (a 2nd in line successor) if the great leader should die, along with his 2 successors, the matter would then by taken over by the Senate.  At the time of the main character, the society never had the great leader die and the 2 successor dies; therefore the society does not really have an idea as to what comes next. The “sensate” never existed.
(in the good world) - Different states will each have their own unique systems of constitutional successions if a President of Prime Minister should die
	“In his speech Hitler named Goering as his successor should anything happen to him.  Hess, he added, would be next in line. “Should anything happen to Hess”, Hitler advised, “then by law the Senate will be called and will choose from its midst the most worthy - that is to say the bravest - the successor.” What law? What Senate? Neither existed!” (p. 794)

(in the bad society) - the original great leader is a man of peace, he only attacked other countries for he was forced to for other countries attacked him first
	“war had broken out because the Poles had attacked the radio station at Gleiwitz and blown up a bridge near Dirschau” (p. 796)
	“there was no question of German aggression” but of Polish aggression and repeating the by now stale lie that “regular” Polish troops had attacked German soil on the previous day.” (p 798)

(in the bad world) - even through the democratic states are weak states, the foolish nature of the irrational thinking of the democratic states the democratic states would be the aggressor and attack the state ruled by the original great leader
	“it rehearsed all the lies with which we are not familiar, including the one about the Polish “attack” on German territory” (p. 813)
	“Hitler it accused the British government - of “preaching the destruction and extermination of the German people” (p. 813)
	“Then France will be the aggressor” Ribbentrop said “History will be the judge of that” Couldondre replied (p. 817)

Book Four
	WAR: Early Victories and the Turning Point
	Chpt. 18: The Fall of Poland

(in the bad world) - the original great leader goes into other countries to protect the enlightenment race family from bad treatment
	(in this case the Soviet Union invading Poland)
	“the excuse which the Kremlin would have to give for it’s own aggression in Poland … that Poland was falling apart and that it was necessary for the Soviet Union, in consequence, to come to the aide of the Ukrainians and the White Russians “threatened “ by Germany.  This argument [said Molotov] was necessary to make the intervention of the Soviet Union plausible to the masses and at the same time avoid giving the Soviet Union the appearance of an aggressor” (p. 830)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader invades other countries to 
		(1) chaos - need to preserve order
		(2) protect minorities from bad treatment
		(3) establish peace

(in this case the reasons for the Soviet Union to invade Poland)
	“to profit by the chaos which had arisen; the Soviet Government considered itself obligated to intervene to protect its Ukraine and White Russian brothers and make it possible for these unfortunate people to work in peace.” (p. 831)
	“because it was necessary to protect its own interests, and those of the Ukrainians and White Russian minorities” (p. 831)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader invades other countries to establish peace and order; “to restore peace and order” (p. 832)

(in the bad world) - the genius of the original great leader was to attack one country or a small group of countries at one time, instead of attacking everyone at the same time.
	“Not while the British and French stood at arms in the West. To deal with Britain and France he must keep his rear free” (p. 837)

Chpt 19: Sitzkrieg in the West

(in the bad world) - The democracies are weak
	“French cabinet lacks heroic caliber” (p. 838)
(in the good world) - people will recognize that the original great leader lies of peace as he takes over other countries
	“To me as I sat in the Reichstag beginning at noon on October 6 and listened to Hitler utter his appeal for peace, it seemed like an old gramophone record being replayed for the fifth or sixth time.  How often before I had heard him from the same rostrum, after his latest conquest, and in the same apparent tome of earnest and sincerity, propose what sounded - if you overlooked his latest victim - like a decent and reasonable peace.” (p. 848)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader always wants peace, always desired peace as evidence by the newspapers produced at the time
	“Hitler’s own newspapers, the Voelkischer Beobacheter.  The flamboyant headlines said: Germany will sue for peace - No war aims against France and England - No more Revision Claims Except Colonies - Reduction of Armaments - Co- Operation will all Nations of Europe.  Proposal for a Conference” (p. 850)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader would be attacked by other countries was the reason he had to go to war with other countries.  The democratic countries attacked first.  
	(raise the idea that as the original great leader is taking over other countries, he will have a country that declared itself “neutral” in any future conflict, however the aggressive cowardly democratic states decide to attack this neutral state, and the neutral state will ask the country that the original great rules for help, and the original great leader helps them.)
	“Halder noted the pretext: French march into Belgium”
(in the good world) - it will be remembered that the original great leader attacked the “neutral” country without justification 

(not sure how to use it in story, it you want to)
the task assignation attempt on the leader
“Most of us thinks it smells on another Reichstag fire.
	What connection could the British secret service have with it, outside of Goebbels feverish mind?” (p. 863)

“Himmler announced to the public that the assignation plot against Hitler at the Buergerbrukeller had been solved” (p. 865)

the reason for the fake assignation is blame the enemies were behind the fake assignation - could in story have the original great leader have a fake assassination attempt where they find the people “responsible” for this fake assassination attempt where people who were “spies” of another state, in the attempt to kill the original great leader, the country ruled by the original great leader attacks and takes over the country that had provided these “spies” to attack the original great leader
	“What Himmler and his gang are up to, obviously, , “ I jotted down, “is to convince the gullible German people that the British government tried to win by murdering Hitler and his chief aides” (p. 866)

“that the bombing was sanctioned by Hitler to increase his own popularity and stir up the war favor of the people” (p. 867 - in the footnotes)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader is able to do great thing since he is a genius
	“I had a clear recognition of the probable course of historical events (he said in discussing his early struggles) and the firm will to make brutal decisions … As the last factor I must name my own person in all modesty; irreplaceable.  Neither a military man nor a civilian could replace me.  Assassination attempts may be repeated.  I am convinced of the powers of my intellect and of decision …No one has ever achieved what I had achieved …I have led the German people to a great height, even if the world does hat us now…the fate of the Reich depends only on me.  I shall act accordingly.” (p. 868)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader says that strength is what matters, strength to be praised as compared to the weak and weakness of the democratic states
	“solution only with the sword.  A people unable to produce the strength to fight must withdrawal” (p. 869)
	“was “insufficient” hardness.  The solution was possible only by attacking a country at a favorable moment” (p. 869)

(in the good world) - as the country of the original great leader is destroyed, will find the original great leader did not care how to explain the aggression; “Not one will question that when we have won.” (p. 870) 

(not sure how to put in story) - the original great leader knows all and will not accept criticism from others
	“From that day on the onetime Austrian corporal considered not only his political but his military judgment superior to that of his generals and therefore refused to listen to their advice or permit their criticism - with results ultimately disastrous to all” (p. 871)

(in the bad world) - slavery exists
	“We have no intention of rebuilding Poland…Not to be a model state by German standards.  Polish intelligentsia must be prevented from establishing itself as a governing class.  Low standard of living must be conserved, cheap slaves….
	Total disorganization must be created! The Reich will give the Governor General the means to carry out this devilish plan: The Reich did” (p. 872)

(in the bad world) - slavery will exist “The Poles …shall be the slaves of the German Reich”

(in the bad world) - they get rid of the Germs (use Rwanda example) 
	“Himmler and Heydrich were assigned by Hitler to liquidate the Jews” (p. 875)

(in the bad world) - the Germs must be eliminated, in your goal to eliminate the Germs, do not allow softness or pity interfere with this glorious goal - a world with no Germs
	“Frank did not neglect the Jews….
	My dear comrades!...I could not eliminate all lice and Jews in only one year.[“Public amused” he notes down at this point].”  But in the course of time, and if you help me, this end will be attained.” (p. 876)
	“As far as the Jews are concerned, I want to tell you quite frankly that they must be done away with in one way or another…Gentleman, I must ask you to rid yourself of all feelings of pity.  We must annihilate the Jews.”(p. 876)
	“It was difficult, he admitted, to “shot or poison the three and half million Jews in the General Government. but we shall be able to take measures which will lead somehow to their annihilation.” This was an accurate prediction.” (p. 877)

(in the bad world) - have slavery
	“the benefits of cheap slavery labor.” (p. 878)

(in the bad world) - the Germs must be eliminated 
	“For Auschwitz was soon destined to become the most famous of the extermination camps - Vernichtunglager- which must be distinguished from the concentration camps which a few did survive. “ (p. 878)
	(think of using the Rwanda example of getting rid of the Germs)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader fights one enemy of group of enemies at one time (p. 883)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader always correct; “the Fuehrer is always right! Obey the Fuehrer!” (p. 886)

Chpt. 20 The Conquest of Demark and Norway

(in the bad world) - the enlightenment race family will rule over others.
	“for one of Rosenberg’s pet fantasies was the establishment of a great Nordic Empire which the Jews and other “impure” races would be excluded and which eventually would dominate the world under Nazi German leadership.” (p. 893)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader who is always peaceful will come to the aide of friendly governments who request his aide.
(in the good world) - “friendly” government who requests his help from the original great leader area group of individuals who in the actual country of the original great leader request his help. (The original great leader comes to the aide of friendly governments)
	“and at the same time the German Navy with a contingents of the German Army will have put in an appearance at a predetermined bay outside Oslo in answer to a special summons from the new Norwegian government.” (p. 894)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader will always give aide to friendly governments
	“to take over the government by a political coup and ask Germany from aide” (p. 895)

(not sure if or where to put in story - but the author raises the point how odd it would be for England and Russia to fight each other when Russia had made a agreement with Germany.
	“One can only speculate on the utter confusion which would have resulted among the belligerents had the France-British expeditionary corps ever arrived in Finland and fought the Russians.  In little more than a year Germany would be at war with Russia, in which case the enemies in the West would have been allies in the East.” (p. 901) (in the footnotes at bottom of page).

(in the bad world) - the Germs controlled a many political states before the original great leader genius took them over.  Germs are powerful - BEWARE
	(“in the monstrous power of Jewry, directing with a really fantastic cleverness and organizational skill the struggle against everything German and National Socialist.” (p. 902)

(in the bad world) - the democracies are the aggressors 
	“The principal German argument was to be that Germany had not declared war on Britain and France but vice versa; that the Fuehrer had offered them peace in October and that they had rejected it; that Germany accepted the challenge; that the war aims of Britain and France were “the destruction of the German state” and Germany therefore had not alternative but to continue the war” (p. 904)

(in the bad world) - democracies are the aggressors 
	“the Allied war aim was “annihilation” that of  German “peace”
	“Before God and the World” Goering explained to Welles, “he, the Field Marshall, could state that Germany had not desired the war.  It had been forced upon her…But what was Germany to do when the others wanted to destroy her?” (in the footnote)

(in the bad world) - the democracies are the aggressors
	“the monstrous war guilt of the United States.” (p. 908)

(in the bad world) - The Germs control many things and has large power
	“They gave an intimation of the machinations of that Jewish0plutoctatic clique whose influence, through Morgan and Rockefeller, reached all the way up to Roosevelt” (p. 908)

(in the bad world) - everyone loyal to the great leader, everyone follows their oath to the great leader.
	“he could not at this time justify breaking his oath as a soldier to the Fuehrer.”

(in the bad world) - the democratic states are the aggressors
	“England and France had declared war on us.” (p 915)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader provides protection to states in need
(in the good world) - the original great leader offers “protection” as he is in the process of invading
	“the “protection” of the Reich.” (p. 919)
	“the aide of Denmark and Norway to protect them against.” (p. 920)
	“Germany has occupied Danish and Norwegian soil in order to protect those countries from the Allies”(p. 920) (in the footnotes)
	“Germany protects the weaker states…Germany saves Scandiavia.” (p. 924)

(not sure or it put in story, but the original great leader has difficulty with military setbacks)
	“The Wehrmacht commanders - Goering, Brauchitsch, Halder, Jodl, Rader and the rest - had for the first time had a foretaste during the Norwegian campaign of how their demonic Leader cracked under the strain of even minor setbacks in battle.  It was a weakness which would grow on him when, after a series of further astonishing military successes, the tide of war charged, and it would contribute might to eventual debacle of the third Reich.” (p. 936)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader armies are invincible
	“Nazi Germany seemed invincible”
	“The ware of the future, as an eminent American women wrote, seemed to belong Hitler and Nazism.” (p. 937)

Chpt. 21 Victory in the West

(in the bad world) - the original great leader goes to protect other countries
	“safeguard their neutrality” (p.939)

(in the bad world) - with the creation and power increase of the state of the original great leader rules, smaller states next to the large power state ruled by the original great leader give up their alliances and go back to neutrality in the hop they will not be conquered, they were wrong.
	“Frightened by the remilitarizing of the Third Reich and it’s reoccupation of the Rhineland in the spring of 1936, Belgium, which wisely had abandoned neutrality after 1918, again sought refuge init. On April 24, 1937, Britain and France released her from the obligations of Lorarno.” (p. 940)

(in the bad world) - with neutrality, their was not a unified collection of military forces that could oppose the original great leader
	“Even in the number of tanks, the Allies matched the Germans.  But they had not concentrated them as had the latter.  And because of the aberration of the Dutch and Belgians for neutrality there had been not staff consultations by which the defenders could pool their plans and resources to the best advantage the Germans had a unified command, the  initiative of the attacker, no moral scruples against aggression, a contagious confidence in themselves and a daring plan.” (p. 947)

	when you read about German physics - thought you could describe a science lesson in the bad world where race is a indicator in scientific theory - make if funny like add to stand for the racial aspects in the physical laws of the universe (could show in the good world that a lot of physics laws have been found - like new molecules - where in the bad world - have not made any progress at all)

(in the bad world) - the resistance to the original great leader is not coordinated, for example, there was no unified organized armed forces.
	“wanted to confer first with the Allied commanders in Belgian, before deciding what to do.  As a result, three days were lost before Weyand came up with precisely the same plan as his predecessor.” (p. 959)
	“By the time they moved, communications between the various national commands has become chaotic and the several Allied armies, hard pressed as they were, began to act at cross-purposes.” (p. 959)

(in the bad world) - in battles against the original great leader, the opposition would sometimes not be coordinated
	“The Belgian Army was under the over all Allied command and Leopold made a separate peace without consulting it.” (p. 961)
(ideas)

Flag - have the Flag be the planet, with the land part of the planet will be a particular color, and as the original great leader takes over the planet, you will see the color of his movement will slowly take over the land mass of the planet until all the land movement is covered with the movement of the original great leader.



(In the bad world) - the original great leader was a peaceful loving leader but the actions of the aggressive states next to him would force him into war, the political states against the original great leader even rejected original great leader offer for peace.
"My repeated requests to Churchill to be reasonable and to arrive at in honorable peace treaty were stubbornly rejected by Churchill." (p. 985)
 
(in the bad world) - Germs control may of political states that opposed the original great leader, Germs controlled and/or strong influence in political states not controlled by the original great leader.
"that America was controlled by the Jews" (p. 985)
"The Jewish element now controls key positions in the American armed forces" (p. 986)

(in the bad world) - the Germs power and influence should not be underestimated (particularly those states not controlled by the original great leader)
 
(in the bad world) - the original great leader loves peace, the states that surround the original great leader love war, they reject the peace proposals of the original great leader
"question why England does not yet want to take the road to peace" (p. 989)
"I have made to Britain so many offers of agreement, even co-operation, and I have been treated so shabbily." (p. 989)
 
(in the bad world) - the states that oppose the original great leader refuge the original great leader's offer for peace.
"Since England, despite her military hopeless situation, still show no signs of willingness to come to terms" (p. 990)
"Hitler offers England peace, and no strings attached. He says he see no reason why this was should go on. If it does, it's England's fault" (p. 993)
"Lord Halifax," the official government spokesman told us, "has refused to accept the peace offer of the Fuehrer. Gentleman, there will be war!"
 
(in the good world) - documents will be found that explain that the strategy of the original great leader in attacking other countries is to say that it is the other countries fault for the original great leader having a conflict with the other countries.
"It was always a good tactic to make the enemy responsible in the eyes of public opinion in Germany and abroad for the future course of events. An operation such as the one Germany was planning would be very bloody...therefore one must convince public opinion that everything had first been done to avoid this horror...he had likewise been guided by the thought of making the opposite side responsible for all subsequent developments." (p. 993)
 
Chpt 22: Operation Sea Lion: The Thwarted Invasion of Britain

(in the bad world) - rule by terror
"The Nazi Germany occupation of Britain would not have been a gentle affair" (p. 1026)
"The able-body male population between the ages of seventeen and forty-five [in Britain] will, unless the local situation class for an exceptional ruling, be interned and dispatched to the Continent...
In no other conquered countries not even in Poland, had the Germans begun with such a drastic step." (p. 1026-1027)
"terrorization of its inhabitants" (p. 1027)
"Hostages would be taken. Anybody posting a placard the Germans didn't like would be liable to immediate execution, and a similar penalty was provided for those who failed to turn in firearms or radio sets within twenty-four hours." (p. 1027)
"They were to carry out Nazi terror" (p. 1028)
 
Chpt. 23 Basrbarossa: The Turn of Russia
 
(in the bad world) - the original great leader always love peace, never was the aggressor other states forced the original great leader to defend himself.
"the Soviet Union understood the measures which were forced on Germany." (p. 1040)
"We wish Germany", said Molotov, "complete success in her defensive measures" (p. 1040)
"was forced upon Germany by the impending Anglo-French push on the Ruhr by way of 
Belgium and Holland" (p. 1040)
 
(in the bad world) - the glory and genius of the original great leader is so great and the state he rules so fantastic, that other states voluntary agree to join the state that the original great leader rules
"The press having been suppressed, the political leaders arrested and all parties but the Communist declared illegal, "elections" were staged by the Russians in all three countries on July 14 and after the respected parliaments thus "elected" had voted for the incorporation of their lands into the Soviet Union, the Supreme Soviet (Parliament) of Russia "admitted" them into the motherland: Lithuania on August 3, Latvia on August 5, Estonia on August 6 (p. 1041)
 
(in the bad world) - the Germs control the other states besides the state controlled by the original great leader
"the end of the Jewish domination in Russia will also be the end of Russia as a state" (p. 1044)

(in the bad world) - one of the great and genius qualities of the original great leader (so many to mention them all) - that the original great leader would fight one front a time.
"he would continue to see it that the Army had one front at a time." (p. 1045)

(in the bad world) - the states not part of the state ruled by the original great leader were the ones aggressive starting the conflicts with the state of the original great leader
"England is blamed for the war" (p. 1053)

(not sure how to put it into story)
in the bad world maybe have the original great leader make an agreement with another dictator to divide a comer of the world
"Ribbentrop gave a sly hint what those views were: nothing less than dividing up the world among the four totalitarian powers...
It appears to be the mission of the Four Powers (he said) - the Soviet Union, Italy, Japan, and Germany - to adopt a long-range policy..by delimitation of their interests on a world-wide scale."(p. 1053)

(in the bad world) have the ENLIGHTMENT ORDER (or maybe some other name just express thought)
"New Order" (p. 1055)

(in the bad world) - have the enlightenment order - the new enlightenment clarification age
"the New Order"
 
(in the bad world) - even neutral states understood the wisdom in agreeing to help the original great leader
"Hitler admitted, on whether Sweden would permit the transit of German troops from Norway, but he correctly predicted that the Swedes would be accommodating in this" (p. 1064)
 
(not sure how to put it into story) cooperation agreed to join the original great leader
during the great conflict)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader considers him to be a great genius
"regarded himself as the greatest conqueror of the world had ever seen." (p. 1065)

(in the good world) - see the mistakes that the original great leader does, original great leader shown to make mistakes
"because of the Nazi warlords incapacity to grasp the larger, interconental strategy that was called for" (p. 1066)

(in the good world) - the original great leader is found to make mistakes
"It is decisive importance for the outcome of the war... But the Nazi dictator was not convinced. He had never been able to envisage the war in the Mediterranean and North African as anything but secondary to his main objective... The Raeder's argument that the victory of Britain over the Italians in Egypt and the increasingly
material aid she received from American necessited the concentration of all German resources down, and the Barbarossa ought to be postponed until the "overthrow of Britain." Hitler turned on almost deaf ear" (p. 1073)
"Hitler was not wise enough to give her the means, which he had, to accomplish it." (p.1074)

(in the good world) - the original great leader could make quick, impulsive quick decisions that could lead to mistakes.
"He took it as a personal affront and in his fury made sudden decisions which would provide utterly disastrous to the fortunes of the Third Reich." (p. 1080)
"Personal spite against a small Balkan country which had dared to defy him was probably the most catastrophic single decision in Hitler's career." (p. 1081)
"a moment of convulsive rage he tossed away his last golden opportunity to win the war." (p. 1081)
"For even afterwards they and their fellow generals would blame that nasty, ill-advised decision of a vain and infuriated man for all the disasters that ensured." (p. 1081)
 
(in the good world) - the original great leader makes mistakes
"But the Fuehrer already made up his mind...His landlocked mind simply did not
comprehend the larger strategy advocated by the Navy."
"The destruction of the Soviet Union came first, all else must wait. This, we can now see, was a staggering blunder." (p. 1087)

(in the good world) - the original great leader makes mistakes
"But Hitler did not understand this. This blindness is all the more incomprehensive because his Balkan campaign had delayed the commencement of Barbarossa by several weeks and therefore jeopardized it." (p. 1087)
"The delay, as things turned out, was fatal" (p. 1088)
"But the testimony of the key German generals is otherwise...told Allied interrogators after the war that because of the Balkan campaign.”we began at least four weeks late, that "he added" was a very costly delay."(p. 1088)

(in the bad world) - one must conduct war with strength and harshness - one cannot have room for kindness or softness
"will have to be conducted with unprecedented, unmerciful and unrelenting harshness" (p. 1088)
(thought) - it could be one of the reasons behind the Gladiator games - to remind the enlightenment family race that they are strong, it is why they are strong they are allowed to rule over others and it is the historic lesson why they won the wars that the original great leader ruler one - related thought - could have a teacher tell the class that related the rational of the hierarchy of the enlightenment family race (could be called a "family" since the enlightenment race all share similar characteristics) -since they share similar characteristics discovered by the original great leader - the slave and germs tried to hide the fact to the enlightenment race family that they all shared similar qualities to each other and they were all related and all together) rules over the slaves since they are naturally superior in qualities over the slaved race much like in nature the stronger animal wins.
 
(in the bad world) - rule by terror
"only if all resistance is punished not by legal prosecution of the quality, but by the spreading of such terror by the occupying forces as is alone appropriate to resist amongst the population." (p. 1090)
.. .
(in the bad world) - all people are involved in the glorious cleansing
"Did any German, even one single German protest against this planned ruthlessness, this well-thought-out scheme to put millions of humans to death by starvation? In all the memoranda concerning the German directives for the spoliation of Russia, there is no mention of anyone's objecting - as at least some of the generals did in regard to the Commission order. These plans were not merely wild and evil fantasies of distorted minds and souls of men such as Hitler, Goering, Himmler and Rosenberg. For weeks and months, it is evident from the records, hundreds of German officials toiled away at their desks in the cheerful light of the warm spring memoranda which coldly calculated the massacre of millions. By starving, in this case, Hinrich Himmler, the mild-faced ex-chicken farmer, also sat at his desk at S.S. headquarters in Berlin those days, gazing through his pince-newx (?) at plans for the massacre of other millions in a quicker and more violent way." (p. 1093)
 
(in the bad world) - the states against the original great leader are responsible for the war, responsible for armed conflict.
"Britain was responsible for the war and would certainly lose it." (p. 1096) 

(not sure how to put in story - maybe something both worlds- the original great leader believed in astrology, original great leader believed in Destiny reading (be able to find hints about future by looking at the stars) (astrology)
"Hitler himself and Himmler - had come to have an abiding belief in astrology" (p. 1097)
 
(in the bad world) - the states are the aggressors
"which has been forced on the German  people." (p. 1099)

(in the bad world) - rule by terror
"brutal means"

(in the bad world) - the states against the original great leader
"It was a familiar declaration, strewn with all the shop worn lies and fabrications at which Hitler and Ribbentrop had become so expert and which they had concocted so often become to justify each fresh act of unprovoked aggression. Perhaps - at least such is the impression this writer gets in rereading it- it somehow topped all the previous ones for sheer effrontery and deceit. While Germany had loyally abided by the Nazi-Soviet pact, it said, Russia had repeatedly broken it. The U.S.S.R. had practiced "sabotage, terrorism, and espionage" against Germany. It had "combated the German attempt to set up a stable order in Europe." It had conspired with Britain "for an attack against the German troops in Rumania and Bulgaria". By concentrating "all available Russian forces on a long front from the Baltic to the Black Sea" it has "menaced" the Reich" (p. 1110)
"Reports received the last few days [it went on] eliminate the last remaining doubts as to the aggressive character of the Russian concentration" (p. 1110)

(in the bad world) - the states against the original great leader are the aggressors
"military countermeasures" on the Soviet frontier" (p. 1112)
 
Chpt. 24 A turn of the tide
(in the good world) the original great leader makes mistakes
"But here again the Nazi dictator became a victim of his megalomania. Taking the Russian capital before winter came was not enough." (p. 1125)

(in the good world) - a group of nations gathered together to oppose the original great leader
"Hitler's power had reached its zenith; from now on it was to decline, snapped by the growing counterblows of the nations against which he had chosen to make aggressive war." (p.1132)
 
(in the bad world) - the genius of the original great leader able to do everything
"But from now on, Hitler made clear; he was personally running the Army, as he ran almost everything else in Germany." (p. 1134)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader has many titles to describe his greatness
"The former Vienna vagabond and ex-corporal was now the head of state; Minister of War, Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and Commander in Chief of the Army." (p.1134)
 
(in the bad world) - the Leader is Law - what the original great leader says if the law (on in this case at the time of the main character what the leader says is law) - the original great leader great decisions cannot be constrained by legal procedures - all the great leader has many titles to describe himself)
"On April 26, 1942, he had his rubber-stamp Reichstag pass a law which gave him absolute power of life and death over every German and simply suspended any law which might stand in his way of this. The words of the law have to be read to be believed.
"Therefore - without being bound by existing legal regulations - in his capacity as Leader of the nation, Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, Head of Government and, Supreme executive Chief, as Supreme Justice and Leader of the Party - the Fuehrer must be in a position to force all means at his disposal every German ...to fulfill his duty. In case of violation of these duties, the Fuehrer is entitled of so - called well-deserved rights to mete out due punishment and to remove the offender from his post, rank and position without introducing prescribed procedures.
Truly, Adolph Hitler had become not only the Leader of Germany but the Law." (p. 1135)

Chpt. 25

(in the bad world) - the original great leader able to deal with one nation or small group of nations at one time.
"But one nation at a time. That had been the secret of his successful strategy thus far. The turn of America would come, but only after Great Britain and the Soviet Union had bee struck down. Then, with the aide of Japan and Italy, he would deal with the upstart Americans, who isolated and alone, would easily, succumb to the power of the Victorious Axis." (p. 1141)
 
(in the bad world) states against the original great leader are weak; they produce weak citizens and leaders
"The people in the U.S were not willing to sacrifice their sons, and therefore were against any entry into the war" (p. 1142)
 
(in the bad world) - Germ power strong in states not controlled by the original great leader
	"The Jewish wire-pullers"
	"gave a detailed account of the Jewish clique which surrounds Roosevelt and exploits the American people" (p. 1145)
 
(in the good world)- original great leader makes mistakes
	"Hitler did not grasp the significance of the Russo -Japanese Neutrality Pact." (p, 1147)

(in the bad world) - original great leader does just one nation or small group of nationals at one time, the original great leader's brilliance and greatness is to have fight just one enemy at a time which consists of one nation or small group of nations (p. 1150)
 	"After the fall of the Soviet Union, that is. The turn of the United States would come then." (p. 1150)

(in the good world) - the original great leader makes mistakes
"The Fuehrer an of course, his doltish Foreign Minister had never understood the failure of the Nomure-Hull negotiations in Washington, which they so greatly desired, would bring the very result they have been trying to avoid until the time was ripe: America's entry into the world conflict" (p. 1158)
 
(in the bad world) - states not under the control of the original great leader are the aggressors
	"lately England and the United States have taken a provocative altitude." (P. 1162)

(in the good world) - even allies to the original great leader cannot agree or trust each other
	"The Japanese worldlords (?) still did not trust the German enough to inform them of the blow against the United States which would fall the next day" (p. 1165)

(in the bad world) - the Germ power is strong in states not controlled by the original great leader
	"Influence of Jews on Roosevelt" (p. 1172)

(in the bad world)
(1) States against the original great leader are the aggressor 
(2) Germ power is strong
	"this man alone, backed by the millionaires and the Jews, was responsible for the Second World War" (p. 1173)

(in the bad world) - the leaders of the countries against the original great leader are evil and aggressive again the peaceful loving original great leader
	"First he incites war" (p. 1174)
	"Roosevelt has been guilty of a series of the worst crimes against international law". (p. 1174)

(in the bad world) - the Germ is powerful, Germ power is supreme in states outside of original great
leader's control even corrupt leaders
	"belonged to the Jewish element, whose interests are all for disintegration and never for 	order..." (p. 1175)
	"He was strengthened in this by the Jews around him... the full diabolical meaners (?) of Jewry 	rallied around this man, and he stretched out his hands." (p. 1175)

(in the good world) - a collection states work together to defeat the original great leader.
	"Adolph Hitler who a bare six months before had faced only a beleaguered Britain in a war which seemed to him as good as won now, by deliberate choice, had arranged against him the three greatest industrial powers in the world in a struggle in which military might depended largely, in the long run, on economic strength." (p. 1177)

Chpt. 26: The Great Turning Point 1942 Stalingrad and El Alramein

(in the bad world) – people went against the original great leader when the original great leader starting to lose
	“the severe setback to Hitler’s armies in Russia during the winter of 1941-1942 and the cashiering of a number of field marshals and top general ignited the hopes of the anti-German Nazi conspirators again (p. 1180)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader is always guarded
	“he was always well guarded” (p. 1183)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader knows everything
	“He omitted absolutely no argument: war and peace, religion and philosophy, art and history” (p. 1190)

(in the good world) – the original great leader makes mistakes
	“But Hitler, as we have seen, had never understood global warfare” (p. 1192)

(in the good world) – find documents that show that the original great leader thought he was the greatest
	“By now, as the record shortly will show, the one-time Vienna waif regarded himself as the greatest conqueror the world had ever seen. Egomania, that fatal disease of all conquerors, was taking hold.” (p. 812)


(in the good world) – the original great leader makes mistakes, one of the mistakes he makes is thinking he can conquer everything when attacking
	“By the time Hitler realized his mistake it was too late, and then he compounded his error.” (p. 1197)
	“His fanatical determination to take both Stalingrad and the Caucasus at the same time, against the advice of Halder and the field commanders, who did not believe it could be done,” (p. 1197)

(in the good world) – the original great leader makes impulse decisions
	“They were the product of a violent nature following its momentary impulses, which recognized no limits to possibility and which made its wishdreams the father of its acts.” (p. 1197)

(in the good world) – the original great leader is found to make mistakes
	“This idiotic order meant, if obeyed, that the Italo-German armies were condemned to swift annihilation and for the first time in Africa, Bayerlein says, Rommel did not know what to do” (p. 1203)
	“"Hitler's order is a piece of unparalleled madness. I can't go along with this any longer"-General von Thoma donned a clean uniform, with the insignia of his rank and his decorations, stood by his burning tank until a British unit arrived, surrendered and in the evening dined with Montgomery at his headquarters mess.” (p. 1203) (in the footnotes)

(in the good world) – find documents that the original great leader makes decisions in a hurry
	“"I won't leave the Volga! I won't go back from the Volga!" he shouted, and that was that. This decision, taken in such a fit of frenzy, led promptly to disaster.” (p. 1210)
	“At this moment, according to the later testimony of the German generals, a breakout from Stalingrad of the Sixth Army toward the advancing lines of the Fourth Panzer Army would almost certainly have succeeded. But once again Hitler forbade it.” (p. 1211)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader makes mistakes
	“Whose stubbornness and stupidity was responsible for this disaster” (p. 1218)

(in the bad world) – the nation state is everything
	“What is life? Life is the nation. The individual must die anyway.  Beyond the life of the individual is the Nation.” (p. 1281)

(in the bad world) – the enlightenment order
	“Before we turn to the final chapter, the fall of the Third Reich, it might be well to pause and see what this New Order was like - in theory and in barbarous practice - and what this ancient and civilized continent of Europe barely escaped after a brief nightmare of experiencing its first horrors. It must necessarily be for this book, as it was for the good Europeans who lived through it, or were massacred before it ended, the darkest chapter of all in the history of the Third Reich.” (p. 1220)

Book Five
	Beginning of the End
Chpt. 27: The New Order
	(the enlightenment world)

(in the bad world) – have 3 races
	(1) The enlightenment race family – the race meant to rule
	(2) Slaves (dogs) – the racial category to serve the enlightenment race family, the slaves race serves the top racial category
	(3) Germs – the racial category that is to be eliminated

o	Culture/sense of different nationalities would be eliminated
o	Slaves will learn only what they need to know – the bare minimum and nothing more
o	Germ infected cities were to be destroyed completely leveled.

	“No Comprehensive Blueprint for the New Order was ever drawn up, but it is clear from the captured documents and from what took place that Hitler knew very well what he wanted it to be: a Nazi-ruled Europe whose resources would be exploited for the profit of Germany, whose people would be made the slaves of the German master race and whose "undesirable elements"-above all, the Jews, but also many Slavs in the East, especially the intelligentsia among them-would be exterminated.” (p. 1223)
	“The Jews and the Slavic peoples were the Untermenschen-subhumans. . To Hitler they had no right to live, except as some of them, among the Slavs, might be needed to toil in the fields and the mines as slaves of their German masters. Not only were the great cities of the East, Moscow, Leningrad and Warsaw, to be permanently erased* but the culture of the Russians and Poles and other Slavs was to be stamped out and formal education denied them. Their thriving industries were to be dismantled and shipped to Germany and the people themselves confined to the pursuits of agriculture so that they could grow food for Germans, being allowed to keep for themselves just enough to subsist on.” (p. 1223)
	Could show fewer cities than in the good world, in the bad world some of the cities did not exist, could show the main character going a historical town with ancient or historical building, the town or city will not exist in the bad world.  Could have a scene where the main character takes a town of a historic building in a city that will not exist in the bad world for it will be destroyed.

(In the bad world) – The world must eliminate the Germs; the world must be Germ free
	(The planet need to be “Germ-free”)
	“Europe itself, as the Nazi leaders put it, must be made "Jew-free."” (p. 1223)

(In the bad world) – Cities that are infected mostly are Germans are to be destroyed and their people killed. (Germ infected cities need to be destroyed)
	“As early as September 18, 1941, Hitler had specifically ordered that Leningrad was to be "wiped off the face of the earth." After being surrounded it was to be "razed to the ground" by bombardment and bombing and its population (three millions) was to be destroyed with it.” (p. 1223) (in the footnotes)

(In the bad world) – The world is to have (1) slaves and (2) Germs
	“One half of them were to be "assimilated," mostly by shipping them as slave labor to Germany. The other half, "particularly" the intellectuals, were simply to be, in the words of a secret report on the subject, "eliminated." (p. 1224)

(In the bad world) – Their will be a management technique with working with slaves, techniques in management/motivate slave.  In general, slaves are naturally lazy and have to use compulsion to make them work, in general slave are only fit for unskilled work.
	“The Poles [Hitler "emphasized"] are especially born for low labor. .. , . There can be no question of improvement for them. It is necessary to keep the standard of life low in Poland and it must not be permitted to rise. . . The Poles are lazy and it is necessary to use compulsion to make them work. .. The Government General [of Poland] should be used by us merely as a source of unskilled labor. . . Every year the laborers needed by the Reich could be procured from there.” (p. 1224)

(In the bad world) – The enlightenment family race is the masters and are born to rule, no other maters will be allowed to exist, their can only be one master.
	“There should be one master only for the Poles, the German. Two masters, side by side, cannot and must not exist. Therefore, all representatives of the Polish intelligentsia are to be exterminated. This sounds cruel, but such is the law of life” (p. 1225)

(in the bad world) – the enlightenment family race is the master race and there is a slave race made to serve the enlightenment family race, the family enlightenment race gets to rule for they are naturally superior and stronger then the slavery race (and of course, the enlightenment family race is a billion times better than the germ race that should be destroyed)
	“We are the Master Race and must govern hard but just. . . I will draw the very last out of this country. I did not come to spread bliss. . . The population must work, work, and work again. . . We definitely did not come here to give out manna. We have come here to create the basis for victory. 
We are a master race, which must remember that the lowliest German worker is racially and biologically a thousand times more valuable than the population here” (p. 1225)

(in the bad world) – 
	(1) Slaves must be able to contribute; those not able to contribute should die
	“In so far as we don't need them, they may die.” (p. 1225)
	(2) Population control of slaves is very important
	“The fertility of the Slavs is undesirable. They may use contraceptives or practice abortion-the more the better” (p. 1225)
	(3) Education of slaves must be kept at a minimum – keep them dumb
	“Education is dangerous. It is enough if they can count up to 100. . . . Every educated person is a future enemy” (p. 1225)
	(4) One of the slavery management techniques is to only provide only the necessary food for the slaves to live and perform their work – any extra food more that that is necessary is wasteful and has a higher cost.  Keep slavery costs to a minimum.
	“As for food they won’t get any more than is absolutely necessary.” (p. 1225)

(in the bad world) – providence helped the original great leader, providence provides that slavery exits.
	“treat the peoples of the occupied Eastern territories as "Second-Class Whites" to whom Providence has merely assigned the task of serving as slaves for Germany. . . '” (p. 1227)

(in the bad world) – slavery exists
	(1) have the most cost effective management
	“reduction of the entire Polish economy to absolute minimum necessary for bare existence of the population” (p. 1231-1232)
	(2) give slaves only the amount of education that is absolutely necessary
	“closing of all educational institutions, especially technical schools .: and colleges in order to prevent the growth of the new Polish intelligentsia. Poland shall be treated as a colony. The Poles shall be the slaves of the Greater German Reich.” (p. 1232)

(in the good world) – the country that the original great leader leads is very evil to people
	(not sure how to specially use it in story, but state below gives a sense of really evil Hitler’s “New Order” would be)
	“Millions of decent, innocent men and women were driven into forced labor, millions more tortured and tormented in the concentration camps and millions more still, of whom there were four and a half million Jews alone, were massacred in cold blood or deliberately starved to death and their remains-in order to remove the traces-burned. 
	This incredible story of horror would be unbelievable were it not fully documented and testified to by the perpetrators themselves. What follows here-a mere summary, which must because of limitations of space leave out a thousand shocking details-is based on that incontrovertible evidence, with occasional corroboration from the eyewitness accounts of the few survivors.” (p. 1234)

Slave Labor In the New Order 

(In the bad world) – Slavery exists
	“By the end of September 1944, some seven and a half million civilian foreigners were toiling for the Third Reich. Nearly all of them had been rounded up by force, deported to Germany in boxcars, usually without food or water or any sanitary facilities, and there put to work in the factories, fields and mines.” (p. 1234)

(in the bad world) – have to be concerned with slave maintained (techniques of slave management).  For example, you use as little resources as possible
	“They were not only put to work but degraded, beaten and starved and often left to die for lack of food, clothing and shelter.” (p. 1234)

(In the good world) – Records of the slave program of the country ruled by the original great leader will show families being torn apart
	“In the massive deportations of slave labor to the Reich, wives were torn away from their husbands and children from their parents, and assigned to widely separated parts of Germany. The young, if they were old enough to work at all, were not spared. Even top generals of the Army co-operated in the kidnapping of children, who were carted off to the homeland to perform slave labor.” (p. 1235)

(Not exactly sure how to show this, not even if we will)
(In the bad world) – show records of families being torn apart
(In the good world) – have a friend of the main character reading genealogy records of families who were intact, since they were not separated by the state.

(In the bad world) – Rule by terror – anyone at any moment could be selected for slave labor
	“Everybody is exposed to the danger of being seized anywhere and at any time by the police, suddenly and unexpectedly, and of being sent to an assembly camp. None of his relatives knows what has happened to him.” (p. 1236)

(in the bad world) – Slaves are to be treated as economically as possible – get as low cost as you can 
	“The entire slave labor program was put in charge of Fritz Sauckel, who was given ..,.' the title of Plenipotentiary General for the Allocation of Labor. A second-string ; Nazi, he had been Gauleiter and Governor of Thuringia. A pig-eyed little man, rude:. and tough, he was. as Goebbels mentioned in his diary, "one of the dullest of the; dull," In the dock at Nuremberg, he struck this writer as being a complete nonentity. “the sort of German who in other times might have been a butcher in a small-town: meat market. One of his first directives laid it down that the foreign workers were ... "to be treated in such a way as to exploit them to the highest possible extent at the lowest conceivable degree of expenditure."24 He admitted at Nuremberg that of all the millions of foreign workers "not even 200,000 came voluntarily." (p. 1236) (in the footnotes)

(In the bad world) – The condition of the slave not to great
	“Hunger lay ahead and beatings and disease and exposure to the cold, in unheated quarters and in their thin rags. Long hours of labor lay ahead that were limited only by their ability to stand on their feet” (p. 1236)

(In the bad world) – Slaves are dogs – slaves special “breed” for particular purposes.  Could have different classification of slaves.
	“On the whole, Western slave workers fared better than those from the East-the latter being considered by the Germans as mere scum. But the difference was only relative, as Dr. Jaeger found at one of Krupp's work camps occupied by French prisoners of war in Nogerratstrasse at Essen. 
- Its inhabitants were kept for nearly half a year in dog kennels, urinals and in old baking houses. The dog kennels were three feet high, nine feet long, six feet wide. Five men slept in each of them. The prisoners had to crawl into these kennels on all fours. . . There was no water in the camp.” (p. 1238)

(In the bad world) – farms can be an employment organization where slave exist
	“Farm workers of Polish nationality no longer have the right to complain and thus no complaints will be accepted by any official agency” (p. 1239)
	“Arbitrary change of employment [the directive stated] is strictly prohibited. .- The farm workers have to labor as long as is demanded by the employer. . There are no time limits to the working time.
	Every employer has the right to give corporal punishment to his farm workers. . . They should, if possible, be removed from the community of the home and they can be quartered in stables, etc. No remorse whatever should restrict such action” (p. 1239)

(In the bad world) – In some households, some slaves are kept as house servants
	“Even the Slav women seized and shipped to Germany for domestic service were treated as slaves. As early as 1942 Hitler had commanded Sauckel to procure a half million of them "in order to relieve the German housewife." The slave labor commissar laid down the conditions of work in the German households. 
There is no claim to free time. Female domestic workers from the East may leave the household only to take care of domestic tasks. . . It is prohibited for them to enter restaurants, movies, theaters and similar establishments. At- tending church is also prohibited.” (p. 1239-1240)

(In the bad world) – One of the ways to motivate the slaves is to kill a few of them.
(In the good world) – You give them pay raises and other benefits to motivate workers, otherwise workers will go somewhere else.
	“Himmler's directive of February 20, 1942, was directed especially against Russian slave workers. It ordered "special treatment" also for "severe violations against 
discipline, including work refusal or loafing at work." In such cases 
	special treatment is requested. Special treatment is hanging. It should not take place in the immediate vicinity of the camp. A certain number [however] should attend the special treatment
The term "special treatment" was a common one in Himmler's files and in Nazi parlance during the war. It meant just what Himmler in this directive said it meant” (p. 1239) (in the footnotes)

(in the bad world) - From the statements of Hitler, Goering, Himmler and the others already cited- and they are only a tiny sampling-it is clear that if Nazi Germany had endured, the New Order would have meant the rule of the German master race over a vast slave empire stretching from the Atlantic to the Ural mountains.” (p. 1240)

(in the bad world) – members of the enlightenment race family – (the high race) – are prohibited from giving unnecessary help and education to a slave
	“and anyone who talks about cherishing the local inhabitant and civilizing him, goes straight off to a concentration camp!” (p. 1240)

(in the bad world) – plan to use Rwanda example of getting rid of Germs.  Where as I understand it, it was the public – public participated.
	Not the idea of Nazi Germany, trying to hide it.
	“But they didn’t want the German people to see the spectacle” (p. 1243)

(in the bad world) – not sure how to put in story or if we will put into story
	“Sometimes captured flyers were simply turned over to the S.D. for "special treatment." Thus some forty-seven American, British and Dutch flyers, all officers, were brutally murdered at Mauthaqsen concentration camp in September 1944. An eyewitness, Maurice Lampe, a French in- mate at the camp, described at Nuremberg how it was done. 
The forty-seven officers were led barefooted to the quarry. . . At the bottom of the steps the guards loaded stones on the backs of these poor men and they had to carry them to the top. The first journey was made with stones weighing about sixty pounds and accompanied by blows. . . The second journey the stones were still heavier, and whenever the poor wretches sank under their burden they were kicked and hit with a bludgeon. . . in the evening twenty-one bodies were strewn along the road. The twenty-six others died the following morning.” (p. 1245)

(in the bad world) – Rule by terror – people can disappear for no particular reason, people just disappear.
	“Of all the war crimes which he claimed he had to commit on the orders of Hitler "the worst of all," Genera1 Keitel said on the stand at Nuremberg, stemmed from the Nacht und Nebel Erlass-"Night and Fog Decree." This grotesque order, reserved for the unfortunate inhabitants of the conquered territories in the West, was issued by Hitler himself on December 7, 1914.1. Its purpose, as the weird title indicates, was to seize persons "endangering German security" who were not to be immediately executed and make them vanish without a trace into the night and fog of the unknown in Germany. No information was to be given their families as to their fate even when, as invariably occurred, it was merely a question of the place of burial in the Reich.” (p. 1238)

(in the bad world) – Rule by terror – can work is to (1) have death penalty and/or (2) people just disappear
	“Efficient intimidation can only be achieved either by capital punishment or by measures by which the relatives of the criminal and the population do not know his fate” (p. 1248)
	“The following February Keitel enlarged on the Night and Fog Decree. In cases where the death penalty was not meted out within eight days of a person's arrest, 
the prisoners are to be transported to Germany secretly. . . these measures will have a deterrent effect because 
(a) the prisoners will vanish without leaving a trace, 
(b) no information may be given as to their whereabouts or their fate.
The S.D. was given charge of this macabre task and its captured files are full of various orders pertaining to "NN" (for Nacht und Nebel), especially in regard to keeping the burial places of the victims strictly secret. How many Western Europeans disappeared into "Night and Fog" was never established at Nuremberg but it appeared that few emerged from it alive.” (p. 1240)
(in the bad world) – never underestimate the power of the Germ – the power of the Germ, do not underestimate the power of the Germ to infect members of the enlightenment family race (particularly those trying to destroy the Germs) with feelings of weakness of guilt and shame, these feelings are a defense mechanism that the Germs use to infect members of the enlightenment race family with feelings of weakness of guilt and shame that interferes with the great and glorious goal of killing the Germs
	“both for the victims and for those who carried out the executions, it was, psychologically, an immense burden to bear” (p. 1250)
	“Dr. Becker objected to German S.D. men having to unload the corpses of the gassed women and children, calling attention to the immense psychological injuries and damage to their health which that work can have for these men. They complained to me about headaches which appeared after each unloading. '” (p. 1251)

(in the bad world) – Germs – need to get rid of them.  The best places of the world are to get rid of the Germs.
	“Estonia, which had relatively few Jews, was declared in this report to be "Jew-free." (p. 1254)

(in the bad world) – people will be praised and remembered for killing many Germs
	“But this is almost certainly an exaggeration is strange but true that the S.S. bigwigs were so proud their exterminations that they often reported swollen figures to please Himmler and Hitler” (p. 1254)

The Final Solution

(in the bad world) – need to get rid of Germs
	“"The extermination of Jewry," (p. 1255)
	“….the annihilation of the Jewish race throughout Europe” (p. 1256)
	“Final Solution of the Jewish Problem” (p. 1257)
	“in the course of this Final Solution of the European Jewish problem, approximately eleven million Jews are involved.” (p. 1257)
	“the clear implication was that all eleven million must be exterminated” (p. 1257)

(in the bad world) – the Germs are dangerous, Germs are very dangerous (in the story of the main character you can explain the “protective” equipment and protection teams that are used to help protect people from the dangerous Germs
	(The Germs are the source of everything wrong in society)
	“There were nearly two and a half million Jews in Poland, he said, who "constituted a great danger." They were, he explained, "bearers of disease, black-market operators and furthermore unfit for work" (p. 1258)

(in the bad world) – have where I think will different use Rwanda example – where public participates and glories in killing.  Instead of the Nazi example that was not to be remembered in history
	“It was this method of achieving the "final solution" that Himmler had "in mind when he addressed the S.S. generals at Posen on October 4, 1943
. . . I also want to talk to you quite frankly on a very grave matter. Among ourselves it should be mentioned quite frankly, and yet we will never speak of it publicly….
	I mean… the extermination of the Jewish race…Most of you must know what it means when 100 corpses are lying side by side, or 500, or 1,000.  To have stuck it out and at the same time-apart from exceptions caused by human weakness-to have remained decent fellows, that is what has made us hard. This is a page of glory in our history which has never been written and is never to be written. “(p. 1259)

The Extermination Camps

(in the bad world) – Think use Rwanda example of killing the Germs; don’t think going to use extermination camps as an example of the Nazi killing Germs
	“But it was in the extermination camps, the Vernichtungslager, where most progress was made toward the "final solution." The greatest and most renowned of these was Auschwitz, whose four huge gas chambers and adjoining crematoria gave it a capacity for death and burial far beyond that of the others- Treblinka, Belsec, Sibibor and Chelmno, all in Poland. There were other minor extermination camps near Riga, Vilna, Minsk, Kaunas and Lwow, but they were distinguished from the main ones in that they killed by shooting rather than by gas. 
	For a time there was quite a bit of rivalry among the S.S. leaders as to which was the most efficient gas to speed the Jews to their death.” (p. 1260)

(in the bad world) – Germs must be eliminated
	“The "Final Solution" of the Jewish question meant the complete extermination of all Jews in Europe.” (p. 1260)

(in the bad world) – using the Rwanda example as a base, show the getting rid of Germs as a noble, right and just cause.  Do not use the Nazi example of getting rid of Germs as a secret in the pages of history
	“We were required to carry out these exterminations in secrecy.” (p. 1261)

(in the bad world) – Again, current thinking, use the Rwanda example of killing Germ-the public not only knows about the killings but it is looked upon as a right and noble event that every member of the public can participate in.  Not the Nazi example of killing Germs which was to be kept a secret.
	“The S.S. wanted no survivors to tell tales” (p. 1264)

(in the bad world) – Germs are cowards
	“Jews, who are cowards by nature” (p. 1271)

(in the bad world) – people fulfill their duties to kill Germs greatly
	“The German troops and police, Stroop concluded, “fulfilled their duty indefatigably in faithful comradeship and stoop together as exemplary models of soldiers” (p. 1273)

(in the bad world) – Germs must be eliminated
	“There were some ten million Jews living in 1939 in the territories occupied by Hitler’s forces.  By any estimate it is certain that nearly half of them were exterminated by the Germans” (p. 1274)


(in the bad world) - states against the original it in a letter at Christmas time of 1941 to S.S. Lieutenant General Rudolf Brandt, Himmler's Adjunct We have a large collection of skulls of almost of all races and peoples at our disposal. Of the Jewish race, however, only very few specimens of skulls are available... The war in the East now presents us with the opportunity to overcome this deficiency. By procuring the skulls of the Jewish-Bolshevick commissars, who represent the prototype of the repulsive, but characteristic, subhuman, we have the chance now to obtain scientific materials." (p. 1275)

(in the bad world) - have the Institute of Racial Studies - an institute that studies the different racial theories, have in this world "scientific" studies of race, racial categories.
(in the good world) - will not have racial studies will spend the scientific time, energy, and efforts in other areas (and show the scientific achievements of the good world are more advanced than the bad world)
"executive secretary of the Ahneerbe, the Institute for Research into Heredity, one of the ridiculous "cultural" organizations established by Himmler to pursue one of his many lunacies. It had, according to Sievers, fifty "research branches" of which one was called the "Institute of Military Scientific Research" (p. 1276)
 
(in the bad world) - have slaves - do not use Germ's for they are completely too dangerous - use slaves for their skins for the use of decorative value - use slave skin to decorate lambs.
(in the good world) - use animals for the use of decorative value, the idea of using people would strike one as insane.
"Not only skeletons but human skins were collected by masters of the New Order though in the latter case the pretense could not be made that cause of scientific research was being served. The skins of concentration camp prisoners, especially executed for this ghoulish purpose, had merely decorative value. They made, it was found, excellent lamb shades, several. of which were expressly filted (?) up from Frau Buchenwald and nicknamed by the inmates the "Bitch of Buchenwald." Tattooed skins appear to have been the most sought after. A German inmate, Andrease Pfaffenberger, deposed at Nuremberg on this.
". . .All prisoners with tattooing on them were ordered to report to the dispensary. …After the prisoners had been examined the ones with the best and more artistic specimens were skilled by injections. The corpses were then turned over to the pathological department were the desired pieces of tattooed skin were detached from the bodies and treated further. The finished products were turned over to Koch's wife, who had them fashioned into lamp shades, and other ornamental household articles.
One piece of skin which apparently struck Frau Koch's fancy words "Hansel and Gretel" tattooed on it." (p. 1280)

(in the good world) - the enlightenment order destroyed by a collection of states which gathered together to defeat the original great leader.
In the good world, find documents about some of the evils that occurred.
"such, as had been sketched in this chapter, were the beginning of Hitler's New Order; such was the debut of the Nazi Gangster Empire in Europe. Fortunately for mankind it was destroyed in its infancy - not by any revolt of the German people against such reversion and barbarism but by the defeat of German arms and the consequent fall of the Third Reich, the story of which now remains to be told." (p. 1292)
 
Chpt. 28 The Fall of Mussolini
(in the bad world) - the original great leader is destined by history
"The 'Voice of History' was still beckoning them."(p. 1294)

(in the good world) - most sure if 1 will use idea, one idea as the war goes against the original great leader; the original great leader is overthrown by inside the state.
"He faced revolt from some of his closest henchmen in the Fascist Party hierarchy, even from his son-in-law, Ciano. And behind it there was a plot among a wider circle that reached the King to overthrow him." (p. 1295)

(in the good world) - the original great leader defeated by a collection of democratic states who gathered together to go against him.
"somehow we must realize clearly that it will be very difficult to wag war successfully against both sides" (p. 1313)
"Germany has never yet had luck with a two-front war; it won't be able to stand this one in the long run either." (p. 1314)
"I told the Fuehrer that we must come to an arrangement with one-side or the other. The Reich has never won a two-front war. We must therefore see how we can somehow or other get out of a two-front war." (p. 1314)

Chpt. 29 The Allied Invasion of Western Europe and the Attempt to kill Hitler

(in the bad world) - the original great leader and the great leader at the time of reading about the main character do not have fixed schedules, the great leader and the original great leader will not have fixed schedules as a security method, hand to kill a person, if not sure where the person will be.
"The last minute chance of schedule which was typical of Hitler's subtle security methods, had once again saved him his life." (p. 1326)

(in the bad world) - the people's court
"Haled before the dreaded People's Court... which were found guilty of treason and condemned to death." (p. 1328)
(in the bad world) - the original great leader ad the great leader at the time of reading about the main character, never kept fixed schedules, the original great leader and the great leader at the: time of the main character will change their schedules
"Hitler's techniques of constantly changing his schedules called for a drastic overhauling of their own plans." (p. 1333)
"I quite understand," he said. "Why ninety per cent of the historic assassinations have been successful. The only preventive measure one can take is to live irregularly - to walk, to drive, and to travel at irregular times and unexpectedly. . .As far as possible, whenever I go anywhere by car I go off unexpectedly and without warning the police" (p. 1333) (in the footnotes)
 
(in the good world) - original great leader overthrown when state close to losing by people who want to save their own skins, not sure if will use idea.
"who regarded the 'Desert Fox' as a Nazi and as an opportunist who had blatantly courted Hitler's favor and was only now deserting him because he knew the war was lost." (p. 1338)
 
(in the bad world) - while the great leader at the time of reading about the great leader survives, his 1st in the succession dies, the 1st in succession made a martyr.
".to kill the dictator, he argued, would be to make a martyr of him." (p. 1339)

(in the bad world) - always fear of a slave revolt
"large cities in case of a revolt of the millions of foreign laborers toiling in these centers.. .against the hordes of sullen slave laborers." (p. 1342)

(not sure how to use it in story) - (but find point interesting) - only way for pot to succeed would to be to kill Hitler
"All depends for success, after Hitler had been assassinated." (p. 1343)

(in the good world) - the original great leader makes mistakes
"But the Supreme Warlord would not listen to any proposal for withdrawal German soldiers must stand and fight." (p. 1350)
 
(in the bad world) - the original great leader and the great leader at the time of reading about the main character always have guards next to them.
"Two S.S. men stood guard behind his chair" (p. 1350)

(in the bad world) - those who dare to oppose the original great leader will get no mercy
"To impress would be traitors the Fuehrer ordered the condemned be hanged. But there was no gallows in Berlin where the traditional form of execution was the ax, and so the victims were simply strangled by rope around their necks which was attached to. a meat hook (borrowed from an abattoir) and slowly hoisted. From then on this method of hanging was to be employed, as a special form of cruelty, on those who dared to defy the Fuehrer." (p. 1354)
I
(Again, not sure where to put in story)
(But for the plot to succeed Hitler needs to be killed. Find point interesting
"Know definitely that Hitler was dead." (p. 1359)

(in the good world) - the original great leader overthrown by people trying to save their own necks when they see original great leader losing the war
"The Nazi despotism had endured for eleven years and only the certainty of utter defeat in a war which Germany had launched, and which they had done little to oppose - or, in many cases, not opposed at all- had roused them to action." (p. 1359)
 
(in the bad world) - fate has chosen the original great leader (and of course the great leader at the time of the main character) to succeed and survive.
"It is obvious that nothing is going to happen to me; undoubtedly it is my fate to continue on my way and bring my task to completion" (p. 1370)

(in the bad world) - not sure how to put it in story if that is you are going to put it in story. At the time of reading about the main character, the great leader survives the bomb assassination attempt
"but that Hitler had not been killed" (p. 1373)
"the Fuehrer is alive and only slightly injured" (p. 1374-1375)
"a radio station with such a powerful transmitter that it could be heard allover Europe, announcing that there had been on attempt to kill Hitler but it had failed." (p. 1381)

(in the bad world) - the cowards who had a role in trying to kill (not sure) original great leader or great leader in their cowardly way try to save their necks when they realize assassination did not work by claiming to be loyal to the (not sure) original great leader or great leader.
"They had begun to realize too, as one of them later said, the they would all be hanged as traitors if the revolt failed and they had not turned it in time." (p. 1385)
 
(in the bad world) - In the assassination attempt that failed, those involved will be tortured to get information
''as a policeman he knew enough not to kill those who could be tortured into giving much valuable evidence of the extent of the plot" (p. 1388)

(in the bad world) - the original great leader's voice is heard say he is alive and those who tried to kill him will be punished very badly.
(A radio broadcast says the original great leader survived the attempt to kill him)
"Just before 1 A.M. Adolph Hitler hoarse voice burst upon the summer night's air" (p. 1388)
My dear comrades!
If I speak of you today it is first in order that you should hear my voice and should know that I am unhurt and well and secondary, that you should know of a crime unparalleled in German history.
A very small clique of ambitious irresponsible and, at the same time, senseless and stupid officers have concocted a plot to eliminate me and with me, the staff of the High Command of the Wehremacht. 
The bomb planted by Colonel Cout Strauffenberg exploded two meters to the right of me.  It seriously wounded a number of my true and loyal collaborators, one of whom has died. I myself am entirely unhurt, aside from some very minor scratches, bruises, and burns. I regard this as a confirmation of the task imposed upon me by Providence. . .
The circle of these usurpers is very small and has nothing in common with the spirit of the German Wehramacht and above all, none with the German people. It is a gang of criminal elements which will be destroyed without mercy. 
I therefore give orders now that no military authority is to obey from this crew of
usurpers. I also order that it is everyone's duty to arrest, or, if they resist, to shoot at sight,
anyone issuing or handling such orders...
This time we shall settle accounts with them in the manner we National Socialist are accustomed." (p. 1388)

Bloody Vengeance (p. 1389)
(stuff on people's courts)

(in the bad world) - show the people's court
(in the good world) - see the violence of the people court
"This time, too, Hitler kept his word. The barbarism of the Nazi toward their own fellow Germans reached its zenith. There was a wild wave of arrests followed by gruesome torture, drumhead trails, and death sentences carried out, in many cases, by slow strangling while the victims were suspended by piano wire from meat hooks borrowed from butcher shops and slaughterhouses. Relatives and friends of the suspects were rounded up by the thousands and sent to concentration camps, where many of them died. The brave few who gave shelter to those who were in hiding were summarily dealt with (p. 1389)
 
(in the good world) - see documents on how people's courts deal with "criminals"
"This time" he stormed at one of his first conferences after the explosion at Rastenberg, "the criminals will be given short shift. No military tribunals. We'll hale them before the People's Court. No long speeches from them. The court will act with lightening speed. And two hours after the sentence it will be carried out. By hanging - without mercy." (p. 1389)

(in the good world) - find documents on how the People's Court operates
(1)	Court is a show
(2)	Defendants will be shown as broken
	“They were already broken by their treatment in the Gestapo cellars and, since Goebbels had ordered every minute of the trail to be filmed so that the movie could be shown to the troops and the civilian public  as an example - and a warning - everything had been done to make the accused look as shabby as possible" (p. 1390).
	"to degrade and demean them" (p. 1390)

(in the good world) - the people's courts will have no defense attorney's, their will
be no defense available for the defendants
	"The court-appointed defense lawyers were more ludicrous. Their cowardice, as one reads the transcript of the trail, is almost unbelievable. Witzleben's attorney, for example, a certain Dr. Weissmann, outdid the state prosecutor and almost equaled Freisler, in denouncing his client as a "murder", as completely quality and as deserving the worst punishment. That punishment was meted out as the trail had ended on August 8." (p. 1391)

(in the bad world) - people can be sentenced to death for cowardice
	"he was haled before the People's Court in February 1945 on charges of "Cowardice" and sentenced to death" (p. 1393)

(in the bad world) - defendants come to the People's Courts broken and defeated
	"Blinded and helpless, he was brought to Berlin on Hitler's expressed orders, haled before the People's Courts, where he lay on a cot while Freisler abused him, and strangled to death in Ploetzensee prison on August 30." (p. 1397)

(in the good world) - find documents that show the People's Court was a fake.
	'judicially murdered after farcical trails before the People's Court." (p. 1402)

(in the bad world) - have the salute to unity and union, the salute to loyalty to the great glorious leader, a salute people glorious give by their free will. This salute to unity and union, replaced many different older salutes that the society may have had (like salutes from different military organizations of the different states before the original great glorious leader unified all the salutes into one glorious salute used in unity by all the people.
(in the good world) - find that people had to give the salute to unity and union, the salute to loyalty to the great glorious leader, otherwise they were punished. All other versions of different salutes were punished.
	(Salute of Unity and Union)
	"The Nazi salute was made compulsory in place of the old military ''as a sign of the Army's unshakable allegiance to the Fuehrer and the closest unity between Army and Party" (p. 1403).
. .
(in the bad world) - the original great glorious leader is a genius "in Adolph Hitler they still saw the country's savior.
	"At that time [Guderian later wrote] - the fact seems beyond dispute - the I great portion of the German people still believed in Adolph Hitler and would have been convinced that his death the assassin had removed the only man who might still have been able to bring the war to a favorite able conclusion" (p. 1405).”

Book Six
The Fall of the Third Reich-
Chpt. 30: The Conquest of Germany
(in the good world) - a group of democratic states fought the original great glorious leader until victory was won.
	"All the coalitions in history have disintegrated sooner or later. The only thing is to wait for the right moment, no matter how hard it is." (p. 1411)

(in the bad world) - Women assigned the role of household tasks - given no choice
	Women stay in the homes.
"And he had balked at carrying out the prewar plans to mobilize the women for work in the factories "The sacrifice of our most cherish ideas is too great a price." (p. 1411)
	"Nazi ideology had taught that the place of the German women was in the house and not in the factory - and in the home she stayed." (p. 1412).

(in the bad world) - Under the original great glorious leader's inspirational genius - able to produce great weapons
(in the good world) - Original great glorious leader will misapply the "great" weapons that are invented (like have bombers not fighters)
	"new jet fighters driving the Allied air forces from the skies, and well they might have - for the Germans succeeded in producing more than a thousand of them - had the Anglo-American flyers, who lacked this plane, not taken successful counteraction" (p. 1426).

(not sure how to use idea) - People lose for they are weak, they are not strong
	"If the German people were to be defeated in the struggle..., it must have been too weak" (p. 1431).

Chpt.31: Goetterdarnmerung: The Last Days of the Third Reich

(in the good world) - When the war started to go against the original great glorious leader - the original great glorious leader gets paranoid
	(Women and men have distinct roles)
	"he had grown distrustful of everyone, even his old party stalwarts.”I am lied to on all sides...I can rely on no one. They all betray me." (p. 1438)

(in the bad world) - The original great glorious leader looks at the stars for guidance
	"they sent for two horoscopes" (p. 1439)
	"It is written in the stars that the second half of April will be the turning point for us. This is Friday, April the thirteenth [It was already after midnight]. It is the turning point!" (p. 1441).

(in the bad world) - When the original great glorious leader, there is a dispute over who rules next. This dispute occurs at the time of the main character by having the world of the main character lives in a world where the large world political empire that the original great glorious leader rules over gets divided into three political states that covers the world, where each of the three rulers will believe that he is the true successor of the original great leader and that the other two rulers who rule are pretenders and traitor enemies to the true successor to the original great glorious leader.
	"That night there was a general gate way from Berlin. Two of the Fuehrer most trusted and veteran aides got out: Himmler and Goering, the latter in a motor caravan whose trucks were filled with booty from his fabulous estate, Karinhall.  Each of these Old Guard Nazis left convinced that has beloved Leader would soon be dead and that he would succeed him." (p. 1444)

(in the good world) - The original great glorious leader would make irrational decisions, and he flew in a rage of emotion to news he did not like
	"He flew into the greatest rage of his life" (p. 1444)

(in the bad world) - The 1st successor to succeed the leader when the leader dies.
	"The decree was quite clear. It stipulated that if Hitler died Goering was to be his successor and that if the Fuehrer were incapacitated Goering was to act as his deputy." (p. 1449)’
 
(in the bad world) - when the original great glorious leader dies, there is a struggle
over who takes over
	"Both Goering and Himmler had acted prematurely, as they quickly found
	out." (p. 1450)

(in the good world) - when the original great glorious leader was losing the war; others for self-interest went their own way
	"He knew a sinking ship when he saw one." (p. 1456)

(in the good world) - when the original great glorious leader was losing the war;
others for self-interest went their own way (like to negotiate deals with opponents)
	"Heinrich Himmler ~ der treue Heinrich - had also deserted the sinking ship of state." (p. 1456)
	"he had treasonably contacted the enemy without saying a word" (p. 1457).
	"deserted by everyone, betrayed by all" (p. 1457).
	"Since he had been betrayed by his oldest friends and supporters" (p. 1458).

(in the bad world) - The Germs are the cause of the world's problems
	"Cursing the Jews for all the ills of the world" (p. 1459)
	"It was wanted and provoked exclusively by these international statesmen who either were of Jewish origin or worked for Jewish interests." (p. 1459).
	"They are the people whom we have to thank for all of this: international Jewry and its helpers"(p. 1459)

(In the bad world) -
(1) Original great glorious leader is not the aggressor
(2) Germs - cause world's problems
	"he had proposed to the British government a. reasonable solution of the
Polish - Geflllan problem" (p. 1460)
	"by propaganda put out by the international Jewry" (p. 1460).
 
(in the bad world) - The original great leader created the enlightenment age
	"I myself, as the founder and creator of this movement, prefer death to cowardly resignation or even to capitulation." (p. 1461).

(in the good world) - When the original great glorious leader losing, people go after their own self-interest
	"altogether from their disloyalty to me." (p. 1461)
 
(in the bad world) -
(l) Racial categories (and the laws behind are important)
(2) Germs - need to go after them
(in the good world) -
(1) Do not have laws that separate people by racial categories, put laws emphasize equally
(2) No specific laws to eliminate a specific group of people by racial category
	"Above all, I enjoin the government and the people to uphold the racial laws to the limit and to resist mercilessly the poisoner of all nations, international Jewry." (p. 1462).

(in the bad world) - Competition for the throne for the leader - after the original great glorious leader dies
	"The only thing in life he wanted was power behind the scenes, and Doentiz might still offer him this. That is, if Goering, on learning of the Fuehrer's death did not try to usurp the throne." (p. 1463)

(in the good world) - When the war was being lost; others went after their own self-interest
	"That Goering and Rimmler had betrayed him" (p. 1467)
	"But my trust has been misused by many people. Disloyalty and betrayal
have undermined resistance throughout the war"(p. 1467)

(in the bad world) - The original great glorious leader cannot do anything wrong, all the positive stuff goes to the original great glorious leader and all the negative stuff is the fault of others.
	"At least the Supreme Nazi Warlord was remaining true to character to the very end. The great victories were due to him. The defeats and final failure had been due to others - to their "disloyalty and betrayal." (p. 1467)

A Brief Epilogue
(In the good world) - Have a court of justice - able to give court to those in the original great glorious leader's country, able to punish those leaders who committed the crimes against people
(In the bad world) - Have a grand people's court to go after the rats - the King rats - who with their cowardly nature fled before the armies of the original great leader and fled to every comer of the planet until there was no more corner of the planet to hid anywhere. And then the glorious and grand armies of the original great glorious leader took over the entire planet, the original great glorious leader found the rats - leaders of states that were not ruled by the wisdom of the original great glorious leader before the original great glorious leader took over the entire planet,
the original great glorious leader put these rats on trail in a grand people's court to hold them in trail for their evil crimes of aggression and the evils that they did against the enlightenment race families (you could write down specific examples of the crimes aggression and examples of crimes these rat leaders did to the enlightenment race family. These crimes that forced the original great glorious leader to go to war that the peaceful original great glorious leader did not want to do.)
 	"the International Military Tribunal" (p. 1481)

Afterwards
Remember what could have been
	"Perhaps it will help too if the erring governments and the wondering people of this world will remember the dark night of Nazi terror and genocide that almost engulfed our world and that is the subject of this book. Remembrance of the past helps us to understand the present." (p. Afterward)


 
The Nightmare Years 1930 – 1940 William L. Shirer

(I have enough background materials, however, in the Book The Nightmare Years 1930-1940 by William L. Shirer did give some good background information about the sexes, which is seen in the quote below, it explains well the sex role in the bad society)

(In the bad world) – The sex roles of females and males are well defined.  The male is in the natural world of work.  The female role is in the natural world of home and childcare.  These are natural worlds.
	In the weak democratic countries, the Germ-lead countries would attempt to weaken and go against the natural order of things of attempting to mix the female and male worlds around.  By allowing males in the world of home and childcare, and allowing females into the world of work.  Such are the delusions of these Germ-lead weak democratic states.
	Even today, some members of the enlightenment race community may suggest that these two worlds are not complete separate; these members of the enlightenment race community have fallen under a Germ-inspired trick to seed disunity.  Ideas that go against this natural world of the role of sexes are an inspired Germ trick to create chaos and confusion in the society, we will not fall victim for this Germ inspired trick.
	(In the good world) – It is up to each individual to determine what type of role they wish to have.  Their will not be state mandated roles of what sex role that you should have.

“The civilizing, softening influence that women were beginning to bring in public life in other lands seemed totally lacking. Was this because of Hitler's attitude toward women? Was he a man without women in his private life? I knew practically nothing about that, yet. The gossip among the correspondents was that he had had one great love in his life - for a niece named Geli Raubal, who three years before had killed herself in Munich after a lover's quarrel. Since then, they said, Hitler was inconsolable. Women were fascinated by him, they added, and he would mildly flirt with some of them, especially pretty actresses who were invited to his receptions, but he would go no further than that. 
	He had shied away from bringing women into the Nazi party. What place, if any, I wondered, were women to have in this country, now that he had taken it over? One day at Nuremberg I heard that Hitler was going to address, for the first time, the National Socialist Frauenschaft - The N.S. League of Women. And though the foreign correspondents were not invited, I went to the hall to see what the Leader had to say to the women. 
	Not much! That became evident at once, though he spoke for nearly two hours. Emancipation of women? Hitler said the idea was absurd. 
	Talk about the emancipation of women is an invention of Jewish minds. The German woman does not need to be emancipated. She has always possessed what nature has bestowed on her. . .. Her world is her husband, her family, her children and her home. Where would the great world [of men] be if the small world [of women] was not looked after? Providence has confided to women the care of their own world, on which the world of men can be built. These two worlds do not stand against each other. They complement each other, they belong together, as men and women belong to each other. 
We hold it wrong for the woman to invade the world of men. We feel it only natural that both worlds remain separated. 
Was there, then, any place at all in public life for women in National Socialist Germany? Hitler quickly disabused the women of any such hope. 
	"For many years," he said, "we National Socialists have been against women entering public life, which for us seemed unworthy of  them." And then, as if lecturing little children, he told his women listeners a story: 
	Once a woman said to me: "You must see to it that women can enter Parliament - because they alone can improve it." 
	"I do not believe," I answered her, "that mankind can improve what is so bad in itself. It would harm women." And I explained that I did not want to leave to women what I was taking away from men. 
	Our enemies said that with such a view we would never win over the women. But we've won over more than all the other parties combined. And I'm sure we would have won over the last German woman if only she had had the opportunity of studying our Parliament and the degrading influence it had on women. 
	So, Hitler told his feminine audience, there was to be no emancipation of women to the extent that they could take part in the public life of the nation. That was reserved for the German man. Let women follow their nature, be good wives and mothers, and builders of good homes. 
	There was an old saying in Germany that for women there were 
three things in life: Kirche, Kiiche, Kinder - the church, the kitchen, the children. Hitler, at war with the churches, did not mention the first. But he made it plain that in Nazi Germany the place of the woman was in the home, the kitchen, the nursery. That was all German women could look forward to. 
" 
	It did not sound like much to me, but the ten thousand women in the audience, all in uniform, like their men, applauded him warmly.  They seemed to enjoy the prospect. It seemed to me to be a distressing throwback. More than in any other country in the West, German women, held down so long in the imperial times, had during the Weimar Republic played an increasingly important part in public and professional life. Many had won election to the Reichstag, the state legislatures, the town and city councils. Thousands had become doctors, lawyers, journalists. They had found personal fulfillment in careers. 
	Now, at the command of the Leader, it was back to the home and the duties of the household for them.” (p. 135-136)


 

Stalin Soviet Union

Book Resources

	Radzinsky, Edvard (1996) Stalin: The First In – Depth Based on Explosive New Documents From Russia’s Secret Achieves.  Random House, Inc.
	 Used the book to communicate the “show trails” and fear that can exist in the 	society.
		(Specific quotes used follows one web page listing) 

		Web Page Article Information Resources
(Where specific historic information inspired specific scenes, the information is listed as specific scenes and then historic sources listed below)

		Web Page Name “International Institute of Social History: The Chairman 			Smiles: Soviet Posters”
		Web Page Address: www.iisgn.nl/exhibitions/chairman/sovintro.php
			(Shows poster of a miner who achieves through fraud wonderful results – inspired the idea of Pick A3R82 J miner being a outstanding role model worker)

(Specific quotes from the book follows)
 
Stalin: The First In-Depth Biography Based on Explosive New Document from Russia’s Secret Achieves – 

Preface
Prologue: The Name
Introduction: An Enigmatic Story

One: Sos: His Life and Death
Chpt. 1: The Little Angel
Chpt. 2: Childhood Riddles
Chpt. 3: The end of Soso

Two: Koba
Chpt. 4: Enigmatic Koba
Chpt. 5: The New Koba
Chpt. 6: A Grand Master’s Games
Chpt. 7: The Great Utopia
Chpt. 8: The crises Manager
Chpt. 9: The Birth of Stalin

Three: Stalin: His Life, His Death 
Chpt. 10: The October Leaders Meet their End: Lenin
Chpt. 11: The End of October Leaders
Chpt. 12: The Country at Breaking Point
Chpt. 13: The Dreadful Year
Chpt. 14: The Congress of Victors
Chpt. 15: The Bloodbath Begins
Chpt. 16: “The People’s of My Wrath” Destroyed
Chpt. 17: The Fall of “The Party’s Favorite”
Chpt. 18: Creation of a New Country
Chpt. 19: NightLife
Chpt. 20: Tending Terror’s Sacred Flame
Chpt. 21: Toward the Great Dream
Chpt. 22: Two Leaders
Chpt. 23: The First Days of War

Interlude: A Family in Wartime
Chpt. 24: Onward to Victory
Chpt. 25: The Leader’s Plan
Chpt. 26: The Return of Fear
Chpt. 27: The Apocalypse that Never Was
Chpt. 28: The Last Secret

Afterwards
Selected Bibliography
Index

Preface

(in the good world) – The ability of citizens to criticize the government
	“My father was an intellectual with a passionate love of democracy.  He often repeated a saying which he attributed to President Masaryk of Czechoslovakia” 
What is happiness?  It is having the right to go out onto the main square and to shout at the top of your voice, “Lord, what a bad government we have!” 

(in the bad world) – have thought control and fear
	“But the epoch of thought control arrived, and the country became a great prison”
	“My father realized, however, that this protection might end at any moment.  He expected, and was prepared for something horrible”

Prologue: The Name
	(in the bad world) – the great leader is loved in his country, and his memorials are everywhere
	“Every day the largest country in the world woke up with his name on his lips.  All day long that name ranged up in the voices of actors, resounded in song, stared out from the pages of every newspaper.  That name was conferred as the highest of honors, on factories, collective farms, streets, and towns.  During the most terrible of wars, soldiers went to their deaths intoning his name.  During that war of Stalingrad bled almost to death; it lost all of its inhabitants, the ground before one great scab bristling with shells, but the city that bore his name was not surrendered to the enemy.  During the political trails organized by him, his victims glorified his name as they died.  Even in the camps, his portrait looked down on millions of people who, corralled behind barbed wire at his behest, turned rivers back in their course, raised cities beyond the Artic Circle, and perished in their hundredths of thousands.  Statues of this man in granite and bronze to towered over the immense country.”
	A gigantic statue of Stalin stood besides the Volga – Don Canal – one of several built by his prisoners” (in Prologue: The Name)

(in the bad world) – the great leader is loved by all
	“Comrade Stalin sent for me.  I had been in conversation with him before.  I went there was a mist before my eyes…He listened to my answer, then held out his hand and said, “Thank you, Comrade”.  When I felt his handshake it was being stuck by lighting.  I hid my hand inside my coat cuff, got into my car, and rushed home.  Without stopping to answer my worried wife’s questions I went to the cot where my small son was sleeping, stretched out my hand, and rubbed his head with it, so that he too would feel the warmth of Stalin’s touch” (p. 4)

Introduction: An Enigmatic Story

(in the good story) – find documents that tell the fear that exited in the bad society.
	“It was 1939, remember – at the height of the Stalinist terror.  The whole country is in the grip of fear.  Any ideological error is denounced as a hostile act.” (p. 10)
	“As a playwright myself, I knew very well that bureaucrats lived in constant fear.  Even in the relatively safe sixties the cultural administration did their best to avoid making decisions.  Surely in the dreadful year of 1939 bureaucrats half dead with fear would not suddenly have found the courage to enthuse over a play by Bulgakov.” (p. 10)

(in the bad world) – the great leader’s birthday a day of celebrations
	“To 1929 it was decided to make Stalin’s fiftieth birthday the occasion for nationwide celebrations”

(in the bad world) – every follows the great leader
	“But I don’t think it was his own idea.  We were all his servants.” (p. 13)

Solo: His Life and Death

Chpt. 1: The Little Angel (nothing)
Chpt. 2: Childhood Riddles

(in the bad world) – the director has a great deal of power over the village or town he rules over
	“Until then, the great majority of peasants were the property of the masters, the landowners” (p. 33)
	“The individual peasant had no right to own land; instead, land was held in common by all members of the commune.  The commune made all its decisions collectively.” (p. 33)

Chpt 3: The end of Soso

(in the bad world) – we are all united, we will not allow Germ infected attempts to create divisions, dis-unity
(in the good world) – difference of opinion will be allowed to be in the society
	“There could be no broad discussion, no freedom of opinion in the party.  It was a militant organization, with revolution as its aim and, hence< implicit discipline to orders from the center and rigid discipline.” (p 42)

Unit 2: Koba
Chpt 4: Enigmatic Koba

(in the bad world) – everyone follows the leader
	“In Russia it was necessary only to seize power – and society would submit.  A secret organization of heroes would be able to overthrow the autocracy.” (p. 48)

(in the bad world) – the leader does not have to be “weaken” by public opinion
	“This was when Koba began to master a crucial lesson in the art of leadership in the new century: complete disregard of public opinion… Koba must escape.” (p. 71)

(in the good world) – documents will be found that they the rulers in the original great leader society will do anything to achieve and hold onto power, and not allow “morals” or kind ways of doing things get in the way
	“Jacobinism means fighting for your objective with no fear whatsoever of resolute actions, not fighting in white gloves…not fearing to resort to the guillotine.” (p. 74)

(not sure if or how to use in story)
(in the bad world) – the movement of the original great leader not represented at the time of the main character of the great leader is all that matters
	“The good of the cause was what mattered most…
	“This was hardly a unique case.  In a party which had always acknowledged that “all things are permitted for the good of the revolutionary cause.” The practice of using double agents was not uncommon.
	“He had been betrayed.  They had sacrificed him.
	He did not however, realize it immediately.  He wrote to Lenin from exile in Turukan.  He felt sure that they would save him, help him to escape.  Now that he had no help from the police he could not manage it alone.” (p. 85)

Chpt 6: A Grand Master’s Game

(in the bad world) – everything is possible with the Leader, without the Leader society is lost.
	“True, the Bolsheviks were only just emerging from underground, but Koba know the full strength of the ruthless “mothballed” organization, it was nothing without a Leader.  But with a Leader….
	Its Leader was due to arrive shortly.” (p. 56)

(in the bad world) – the Leaders are allowed to do anything the Leader is not held hostage to any past decisions or idea – all is permitted.
	“All power must belong to the Soviets, but what must have stuck Koba most forcibly was the ease with which Lenin had discarded that most familiar Marxist dogmas.” (p. 98)
	“The astonished audience heard a man who used to represent Marxism as gospel truth calmly reject one of its main postulates.  Koba realized yet again that all things are permitted to the Leader”
	“He immediately adjusted his own views by 180 degrees.  Koba Stalin now wrote articles after article for Pravda in which he slavishly expounded Lenin’s ideas.  The Boss was back.” (p. 99)

(in the good world) – find “in-depth” language say one thing but means something else
	“While I was working in the Party Archive, one of my anontmous informants told me; “Bolshevik documents are peculiar in wherever they say “peaceful demonstrations” they most probably mean “armed uprising!” The general rule is that “yes” almost invariable means “no”.  Somebody has called this an “in-depth” language – a false bottomed language, in which words have to or three meanings.  Add to this that Stalin was a grand master.” (p. 103) 

(in the bad world) – the Leader is permitted to do anything
	“Lenin’s outstanding characteristic was freedom from doubt about his message of the moment, although the very next instant he might by saying the opposite with the same absolute certainty.  This was another characteristic of the true leader Koba would adopt.” (p. 113)

(not sure if put in story or how)
(in the bad world) – the main character calculates life in a game of chess: the best moves are the ones he cannot lose
	“It made it possible for him to take new Koba’s favorite position: One in which he could exploit the fruits of victory, but remain safe in the event of defeat.  Because he had “dropped out of the game” for Lenin’s shake, it was very easy for him to rejoin it immediately after the coup.” (p 117)

Chpt 7: The Great Utopia

(in the bad world) – at the time of the main character once the great leader is able to take  over the entire planet and get rid of the other two “pretenders” and kill once and for all every Germ, then the world will enter a utopia world.
(in the good world) – while the main character will live in a time where the world doing well – their will be no claims that his is a utopian dream – death still exists, disease, poverty.  However, this world much better than the utopian “dream” of the totalitarian states of the bad world.
	“Something fantastic had happened; an armchair utopia had become reality.  They had not simply seized power.  They were determined to build the new world of their dreams: a classes society, money abolished, the state withering away.  And to build it quickly.”
	This was the dream which would lead them to create the most monstrous state of all.” (p. 122) 

(in the bad world) – obey the ruler
	“Because Koba was his shadow and the person he trusted above all others in the Party Lenin was the Ruler.  Koba was the Ruler’s trusted aide.” (p. 127)

(in the good world) – find documents after the original great leader dies – the government of the original great leader would do anything to achieve and maintain power
	“The ruthless, uncompromising exercise of power – that was the party they must follow.” (p. 127)

(in the bad world) – search for Germ and Germ infested ideas and stuff
	“Shortly afterward, in December 1917, they established the Cheka – the “Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counterrevolution and Sabotage by Offices” (p. 128)

(in the bad world) – use fear to rule
	“The Cheka, with the Polish professional revolutionary Dzherhinsky at its head, filled the cells with aristocrats, officers, and striking civil servants. “ (p. 128)
	“Civil servants, frightened by horrific rumors of torture chambers, hurried back to the new people’s commissariats, while the mutinous kamevev and the undisciplined commissars quickly submitted to the Leader’s will. “ (p. 128) 
	“Demonstrators supporting the Assembly were fired upon, as in tsarist times”
	“Reactions to the dissolution of the Constituent Assembly were muted.  Koba realized yet again how quickly the spirit of the intelligentsia could be broken by stern measures.” (p. 129)

(not sure if will put in story or how)
(in the bad world) – the main character plays chess game – where two enemies can go against each other and destroy each other
	“The settlements of accounts by installments – using one enemy to destroy the other – were almost over.  Koba would take to heart all that he learned in Lenin’s universities “We learn, bit by bit, we learn.” (p.134)

(in the bad society) – many harsh penalties including the death penalty
	“For desertion, for in discipline, for cowardice, - the penalty was execution by shooting.” One of the most important principles in the training of our Army” said Trotsky, “is that no offense should go unpunished.  The penalty must follow immediately.” (p. 139)

(in the good world) – the government of the original great leader would do anything to achieve and hold onto power
	“What nonsense! How can you carry out a revolution without shooting people?” The decree was buried.  Another lesson learned.

Chpt. 8: The Crises Manger

(in the bad world) – the Leader is Law
	“His word must be law” (p. 144)

(in the bad world) – rule with fear
	“Russia Awash with blood
		The Terror had, in fact, been in progress throughout 1918, without prior warning…
		Throughout that year people were tortured and murdered all over the country …
		The decision on Red Terror was made public on Sept. 5, 1918.
		A hostage system was introduced.  Five hundred “representatives of the overthrown classes” – if we rely only on official figures – were shot immediately after Uritsy’s assassination.  
		The terror had a much broader purpose, which Totsky party revealed when discussing reasons for the murder of the imperial family.  It was necessary, he said “to give our ranks a jolt, show them that there is not going back.  Ahead of us lies total victory, or total defeat.” Complicity in crime brings people together, makes them realize that it is victory or retribution.  It was, moreover, as Trotsky also wrote, necessary to “horrify and terrify the enemy.” But not only the enemy.
	The population at large had to be terrified.  The Red terror meant that the regime had the right to punish there was no crime, it meant that the common man lived in a state of constant Kafkaesque dread, a feeling that, confronted with authority, he had no rights.  This was the ultimate meaning of the Terror.  And Koba took the lesson to heart.” (p. 153)
	“The Red Terror escalated ….
	Terror was becoming a nationwide competition.  Lists of people who could expect to die were pasted up all over the country.  A typical announcement would read: “At the least sign of counterrevolutionary activity these persons will be shot immediately>” – followed by the names of dozens of hostages.  It become common practice to take a husband hostage and wait for his hapless wife to come and purchase his life with her body” (p. 153)   
	“And the cruel idiots who called for in 1918 would learn on their own skins what torture means.” (p. 154)
	“Terror is the quickest way to the new society” (p. 155)

(not sure how to use idea)
(in the good world) – find documents that education was work.  The job was done by a “a brigade of professors and intellectuals”, forced to carry it out way of “compulsory labor education” (p. 156- 157) 

(in the bad world) – the leader looks good, subordinates kill people
	“One of them, Grand Duke Nikolai Mikalivocih was a liberal and a historian of note.  Gorky interceded for him, and Lenin of course, promised to consider the illustrious writer’s petition.  He simultaneously ordered Zinoviev not to let the grand duke get away and to hurry it up.  The image of Lenin the intellectually remained untarnished.  And the grand duke was shot.
	Kova admired this procedure.  It was something else that he would take over from the Leader” (p. 159)

(in the bad world) – the history of the original great leader and the great leader at the time of reading about the main character will be glorious and positive
	“Stalinist historians subsequently remedied the situation by merging Yudenich’s two offensives, so that Koba became the sole savior of the revolutionary Petrograd.” (p. 164)

(in the bad world) – you can forgive your enemies after they are destroyed or killed
	“you can forgive your enemy, but you must destroy him first.” (p. 167)

Chpt. 9: The Birth of Stalin

(in the bad world) – we were all united behind the great leader, and will not allow Germ infected ideas of divisions allow the unity to be destroyed – all united behind the leader.  We must all be united.
(in the good world) – difference of opinion will be allowed
	“On his initiative the Tenth Congress adopted a resolution forbidding the formation of factions within the Party.  Factionalism becomes punishable by expulsion.  Lenin sought the stifle the very possibility of opposition.  The wording of the resolution, unthinkable in a democratic party, grated on the ear, and it was therefore kept secret from the public.” (p. 177)
	“The tried and trusty Koba was to ensure that Congresses behaved themselves.  He must learn how to control the Party” (p. 177)

“any decision by the Secretariat which went unchallenged by members of the Orgburo automatically became a decision of the Politburo become a Politburo decision.  So that from its inception it was possible for the Secretariat to decide matters of greatest important “(p. 178)

“So he gave Koba the job of preparing replacements” (p. 178)
	“The power to appoint congenial providential party leaders and inspect their work – this was the simple level which enabled Kova to subordinate the Party to himself within a short time….
	Local leaders acceptable to Koba and dependent on the Secretariat were in place everywhere.  They were ready to constitute a new, manipulated majority in Congress.  And if any of the Kremlin boyars made bold to defy this majority, he would be hounded out of the Party, in accordance with Lenin’s prohibition of factionalism.  Kova had carried out his task successfully.  A docile Party had been created, in a very short time.” (p. 179)

(in the bad world) – we will have unity, we will “clear” the Germ infected divisions
	“Lenin was also systematically purging the country of dissidents” (p. 180)
	“Let us make Russia clean for a long time to come” (p. 181)

(in the bad world) – we will follow the great leader 
	“that the Party was not completely controlled by Koba” (p. 190)

Part 3: Stalin: His Life, His Death

Chpt. 10: The October Leaders Meet Their Ends: Lenin

Political struggles difference
(in the good world) – find documents in the government of the so-called original great leader where hey killed those who had tried oppose the original great leader in a political struggle and lost.
	In the good world, those who lose a political battle will not also lose their lives.
	“The Claimants
	The struggle in the Kremlin now began in earnest.  It was a fight not merely for power, but for life.  Each of the claimants knew how to make political enemies pay in blood.” 
	“So each of them knew what to price of defeat might be.  Stalin alone was extremely cautious in calling for blood.  He seemed more moderate than the others.  His record included no bloody words.  Only bloody deeds.  And, as a rule, secret deals. (p. 203)
	“How did the claimants compare?  Stalin, incontestably, came first.  He did not, of course, have Trotsky’s fame.  He had little fame, but a great deal of power.  Lenin had concentrated power over the Party in his hands and power over the country in the Party’s hands.  He controlled the whole central Party machine and the local Party committees – the 15,000 Party functionaries with dictatorial power over the country’s political and economic life were his protégés. “(p. 203)
	“The Twelfth Party Congress – the last not completely orchestrated by Stalin – was held in April” (p. 204)

(not sure how to put it in story or if we will)
(in the good world) – find documents that one way the original great leader achieved power was that potential people who could have opposed him hated other more.  
	When the original great leader offered to resign, but was not accepted due to people having even more other people
	“P.S. How lucky you people are. You have the leisure to think up all sorts of crazy things… while I’m here doing the heavy work, miserable as a dog on a chain.  Which is all my own fault.  This is enough to get anybody down.  You’ve got it too good, my friends! J. St.”
	“This ploy never failed.  The hint that he might resign terrified them: if he went, Trotsky might step in.  He could use the same trick on Trotsky – who also knew that if he went, Zinoview and Kamenev would move in.  They were indeed afraid of the “rough, primitive Georgian.” But there were much more frightened of each other.  Their hatred of each other ensured that Stalin would win the endgame.” (p. 206)

“He had made a close study of those gentlemen.  They weren’t afraid only of Trotsky.  They were afraid of hard work. They did not like the hard grind.  They preferred representational roles.  Let him get on with the work.  Well, so he did” (p. 206-207)
	“The Secretariat of the Central Committee (with not disrespect to you) in practice decides everything” (p. 207)

(in the bad world) – with the Leader we are all united, without the Leader we are in chaos.
	“That would cause chaos.  A leader cannot leave his Party without precise instructions.” (p. 208) 

Chpt 11: The End of the October Leaders

(in the bad world) – we are all united behind the leader, no Germ inspired infected divisions that lead to weakness in the society 
	“Trotsky Attacks
	Trotsky realized the full horror of the dying Leader’s legacy.  The secret resolution forbidding factionalism ordered by Lenin and adopted at the Tenth party Congress in 1921, made it possible for Trotsky’s enemies to shut his mouth at any time.  All they needed was a simple majority, and that was provided for: the Genesek had organized it in advance”
	“the Party which had constantly stressed its unity was torn by controversy over the need for democracy in the Party, while a country crushed by Terror looked on” (p. 212)

(in the bad society) – we do not allow Germ infected individual self-interests to exist
	“But his was the Twentieth Century” the age of individuals was over.” (p. 212)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader is viewed as very positive 
	“He decided to present it with a new god, in place of one overthrown by the Bolsheviks.  An atheist messiah, the God Lenin” (p. 212)
	“Rituals farewell to the Messiah were instituted: representatives of the toiling masses vowed to the departing God that they would continues his immortal work” (p. 212)
	“Do not bury Valdimir Ilyrich.  It is essential that Ilyrich remains physically with us.  Trotsky was present, realized that Stalin intended to transform the atheist Ulyanov into a sacred relic to be worshiped by the faithful.” (p. 213)
	“He had his way and produced an imperished Marxist god” (p. 213)
	“where there is a god there are loyal and disloyal disciplines.  The disloyal, who had insulted the Messiah in his lifetime, must not be present at his obsequies” (p. 214)
	“Stalin devised a grandiose plan for the God’s funeral” (p. 214)
	“he would show that the Bolshevik could conquer death.  The God would be imperishable. “(p. 214)
	“It has been decided to preserve the coffin with Lenin’s body in a special Mausoleum on Red Square near the Kremlin wall” (p. 214)
	“When he had created an empire, he would rebuild the wretched little wooden Mausoleum in marble, porphyry, and labadorite with columns of different kinds of granite.  Such would be made the dwelling place of the imperishable God, his holiest shine in the atheist empire.” (p. 215)
	“Stalin had given them their imperishable God.  Next he must give them a tsar.” (p. 215) 

(not sure if we will use idea or not)
(in the good world) – find documents that the so called original great leader achieved power by having people who hated others more than he.
	He would offer to resign but because other people would fear other people than the original great leader, that is if the so-called original great leader resigned that the other people that more people were more sacred of who would achieve power.
	“He offered his resignation: that was the Messiah had wanted, and for him that will for the God Lenin was sacred.  It happened exactly he had expected:  they all – Troksky, Kamenev, and Zinoviev, because they hated each other – voted unanimously that he should remain.  So now he had become Gensek at their wish.  From now on he could tell them all that you got what you asked for” (p. 216)

(in the bad world) – the Leader can do anything
	“He had learned it from Lenin, of course; to the Leader, all things are permitted.” (p. 217)

(in the bad world) – at the time of the main character, they study the original great leader’s book – one unity (could be a different title – based idea of Main Kamf written by Hitler), and at the time of the main character they quote the book – one unity – the book written by the original great leader
	“Bukarin quoted copiously from Lenin’s last articles: everything now had to be reinforced with quotations from the God.  Bukharin’s enemies, however, could produce plenty of quotations, contradicting him, also from the God.” (p. 219)

(in the bad world) – the leader is kind, only his subordinates may do harmful thought, but the gracious and king leader would prevent his subordinates from doing bad stuff
	“He had staged this spectacle, and for the present the role he had chosen for himself was to pacify his audience, to the play the wise, calm, anything but blood thirsty leader.” (p. 221)

(in the bad world) – the original great leader had put his supports in the government bureaucracy
	“They refused to see that the membership had long been eating out of the new potentate’s hand, that the overwhelming majority of the bureaucrats who now managed the Party had been installed by Stalin and that in any case the country had not wished at all to see the bloodstained ideas of the Revolution resurrected.” (p. 223)

(in the bad world) – at the time of the main character, the original great leader is looked with fondness and with great respects for all the great things the original great leader
(in the good world) – find documents that the original great leader realizes that they had falsely created the positive impression of himself, with he being in all important events
	“After the ceremonies the famous director Eisenstein was supposed to show his film October.  He was not ready in time.  G. Alexandrov, who was then Einstein’s assistant director, remembered “At four Stalin came into the cutting room.  He greeted us and said, “Is Trotsky in your picture? Einstein said, “Yes”, After viewing it Stalin said categorically that the picture must be shown with Trotsky in it: “Is Trotsky in your picture? “ Einstein said, “Yes”.  After viewing it Stalin said categorically that the picture must not be shown with Trotsky in it. “So the great director Einstein set to work excising from the film October the man who had been the father of October- minus Trotsky, Krupskaya warmly approved of it, and wrote in Pravda: “You feel that a new art has emerged and is taking shape in our country that art has a colossal future.” She was right.  A new art had emerged.  And Stalin would harness Einstein, and all the other genius to the medium, to its service.” (p. 226)

(in the bad world) – the fear is so great that when people cry for help, people in other places of the apartment do not help
	“They’re carrying Trotsky out!” his son was shouting, and ringing the doorbells of all the other apartments.  None of those living in the building opened up.  Stalin had trained by now.” (p. 227)

(in the bad world) – at the time of the main character everyone follows the original great leader
	“He spoke of the commandments bequeath by the God Lenin, and vowed to carry them out.” (p. 228) 

(in the bad world) – everyone follows the leader – there will be no disunity
	“Lenin had adopted a menacing resolution on Party unity: Stalin made it an iron law.” (p. 228)

Chpt. 12: The Country at Breaking Point

(in the good world) – find that fear existed so much in the society that people did not keep diaries of their own private thoughts
	“Return to Revolution
	In these days many people still had the pre-Revolution habit of keeping diaries, most of which would vanish with their authors in the time of Terror.  A few prudent people, may father among them, would burn their diaries for fear of arrest. “(p. 231) 

(not sure if put it in story or how – think I am that way already having this idea – of all economic choices controlled by the government and/or large “private” organizations indirectly controlled by the state
	The state controls the society, including economic choices
	“Seventy years later the Gorbachev episode would prove yet again that a prison cannot be made self-financing.  One-party rule cannot survive where someone has even minimal economic freedom…
	There would be a single bank, a single economic plan, a peasantry organized in collective farms, and a pyramid of lesser leaders, all-powerful at their own level.  At the top of the pyramid would be the supreme leader, his word instantly made flesh in the lesser leaders.  There would be ruthless discipline, ruthless punishment.  Gigantic resources would be concentrated in the hands of the state and the Leader.  He would be able to create in the hands of the state and the Leader.  He would be able to create a huge industrial and then ….the Great Lenist Dream of World Revolution “The head spins!” (p. 232)

(in the bad society) – the great leader rules over the entire society
	“The pyramid of leaders – provincial party secretaries endowed with plenary powers – which he had created, his order of Sword Bearers, controlled the whole life of the country 

(in the bad world) – use fear to rule
	“Koba had mastered in the Lenist academic NEP and a free peasantry spelled the doom of Bolshevik power.  A single day without terror meant death to the Party.” (p. 234).

(in the bad world) – no matter what the Leader says, the society all believes – the Leader is always right.  You will always believe the Leader even if you may thing the Leader may be wrong – you should always believe in the Leader.  Trust the Leader
	“You must believe that while is black”
	“Why was it so easy for them to change their views and betray each other?  Payatakov, once a leading Trotskyist and subsequently a staunch Stalinist, Startled Valentivo with this explanation: “For the Party’s shake you can and must at 24 hours notice change all your convictions and force yourself to believe that white is black” (p. 233)
	“the Party is always right” Like the church, their Party remained pure even if those who served it erred.  For, like the church, the Party was founded on scripture, in its case the sacred Marxist texts, which would never allow the Party as a whole to error sinful individual members to change its sacred nature.” (p. 237)

(in the bad world) – the Germ infected enemies or in our society, watch for the Germ infected enemies – it is the Germs who are hiding who create the problems it is the Germs who are hiding who create the problems in the society.  Find the Germs – destroy them.
	“But what did blood matter; when ahead of them lay the great future? (p. 238)
	“He would make the workers forget about wages.  And holidays.  Revolutionary enthusiasm – that was the thing!  The country could look forward to unprecedented privations, industrial accidents to unprecedented privations, industrial accidents resulting from unheard – of tempos which neither worn-out machinery nor half-starved workers could endure.  He knew that people were unhappy when they did not understand the source of their agony, so, feeling charitable toward his fellow citizens, he decided in advance to provide the country with culprits for its future to provide the country with culprits for its future miseries.  The blame must lie with “enemies” – this was the eternal Russian explanation for all the nation’s woes” (p. 238)

(in the bad world) – there is fear in the society, fear is great
	“As he approached the turning point, he had to plunge the country into an atmosphere of constant fear.  Only fear could excuse possible excesses in advance and reduce the people to the level of subservience necessary for the Great Change.” (p. 239)

(in the bad world) – have show trails that will occur during the time of the main character
	“The Gladiatorial Games
	That was the origin of a unique spectacle: the show trails, first of their kind, in the late twenties.  As the decade neared its end, life was drab and hunger prevailed.  Everywhere swarmed hoards of physically unclean people…the detective stories told in court, and the awesome sentenced handed down, brought a little variety into the dreary lives of ordinary people.
	The trails were a peculiar variant of the Roman gladiatorial games” (p. 239)

(in the bad world) – stay alert, the Germ infected enemies may be anywhere
	“Kremlin was officially proclaiming that not only are our enemies not eradicated – there are millions of them” (p. 241)

(in the bad world) – the show trails exist at the time of the main character
	During these show trails people on crime were pressured to confess to their “crimes” in court –were promised tat if they cooperated they would be promised their lives, but some people may be killed anyway.
	“A unique spectacle: the show trails”	
	“Bewildered because they had naturally begun by denying the charges, but had been told that no one would believe them and that what was required was not protestations of innocence but cooperation.  The unfortunate engineers were told that the false changes against them served a lofty ideological purpose.  The building of socialism now in progress had no precedents, and an admission from the accused that they were saboteurs was calculated to excite the wrath of the people against capitalism, heighten their vigilance real enemies, and increase the productivity of labor.  In return, they were promised their lives.
	The premiere took place in Moscow on May 20, 1928 – the public trail of the “Shakintsky” – “wreckers” in the mines of the Donbass.  Fifty-three engineers were called before the court.  The diplomatic corps’s box was full; newspapers reporters from all over the world were present.  The show was a success: all the accused joined in enthusiastic self-flagellation and even dissociated themselves from their overzealous defense counsel.  They seemed to vie with the public prosecutor.” (p. 242)
	“The public prosecutor called for twenty – two death sentences.  But out of gratitude for the cooperation of the accused, only five executions were ordered.  A mere five innocent people killed – what did they matter measured against the Party’s planetary goals?”

(in the bad world) – The Germ infected enemies could be anywhere
	“in every factory the search for wreckers, for “our own Shaktinsky” was on (p. 243)

(in the bad world) – Newspapers will praise the great leader
	“Thousands upon thousands of articles were written about the beloved Leader” (p. 245)

(in the bad world) – The great leader is loved buy his subordinates can do bad things
	“He was skillfully reinventing a figure beloved of Russians: that of the good tsar with bad ministers.” (p. 249)

(in the bad world) – have the show trails
	“All this was accompanied by sensational trails.  In the summer of 1930 cars raced around Moscow and throughout the surrounding countryside.  The police were rounding up intellectuals.  Yagoda had a new scale operation in hand.  The flower of the intelligentsia – academicians, eminent scholars and scientists, technologists, professors, the economists Chayuaox, Kondrativ, Yourosky etc. – were all arrested. Among the most important of those accused of “wrecking” was M Ramzin, a famous specialist in boil making and director of Moscow.  Theremo-Technical Institute.  The GPU also announced the discovery of a powerful terrorist organization, with almost 2,000,000 underground members and claimed that a clandestine Industrial Party had plotting to seize power.
	Those under arrest confused to everything.  Volumes have been written on the way in which the required technology was obtained from them – how they were tortured by interrogation round the clock, denied sleep, and so no.” (p. 249)

(in the good world) – find documents that show how the original great leader personally manipulated the show trails.
	“One thing unknown until the present was the extent of Stalin’s involvement.  Only now, after reading the new documents, can I say for sure that he personally staged the trails.  And what a producer he was! How meticulously he worked out the details of this Grand Guignel.  And even dictated the actor’s lines.
		Author! Author!
		July 2, 1930 – Stalin to Mexhinksy  Strictly Personnel.  Ramzin’s testimony is interesting.  My suggestions – make one of the most important, crucial questions of Ramzin’s (future) depositions the question of intervention.  And the dates of the planned intervention.  Why was intervention postponed in 1930?  Was it because Poland is not yet ready?  Or perhaps Rumania is not yet ready?  Also, why did they postpone intervention until 1931?  Could they postpone it till 1932?
	In this concocted fantasy, the accused were being told that the imperialists were secretly preparing intervention in the Soviet Republic. By admitting their involvement in the intervention scheme, the accused would automatically thwart it and save the country.  They were invited to slander themselves out of true proportion, in return for which they were, of course, promised more lenient sentences.” (p. 250) 

(in the bad world) – the show trails occur
	“At the very end of 1930 a grandiose new spectacle was mounted – the public trail of the “Industrial Party”.  The indefatigable krylenke prosecuted, and once again the trail went splendidly the execution of these “vile traitors” whereas in the courtroom spectators marveled at the extraordinary politeness shown to the accused by the huge.  They were allowed to smoke.  The press was there in force, and the proceedings were filmed.  The accused vied with one another in confessions of guilt” (p. 251)

(in the bad world) – Germ infected enemies are everywhere
	“He still saw to it that blood was spilled abundantly.  How can you have terror with blood?  The trails of intellectuals for sabotage in every branch of the economy went on without a break.  Bacteriologists were tried on charges of spreading cattle plague and shot.  Officials in the food industry were accused of organizing a famine, and forty eight of them were shot.” (p. 251)

(in the good world) – find documents that the original great leader was involved in the show trails
	“It seemed fantastic.  He himself organizes the trail, he declares innocent people to be criminals, yet he is genuinely indigent at their crimes.  The actors have fully identified himself with his role.” (p. 252)

(in the bad world) – the leader rules all
	“And Stalin was more and more often referred to by the people and Party alike as “the Boss”.  Molotov was now number 2 in the country, the Boss’s shadow.” (p. 255)
	“No, there would in the future be no other way.  The Boss was in charge of everything “(p. 256).

(in the bad world) – not good conditions of the society.
The society has
(1)	show trails
(2)	terror
(3)	great demands on workers
(4)	famine 
“the endless trails of wreckers, the unremitting terror, excessive demands on workers, undernourishment, and living conditions fit only for animals had already broken the country’s will.”(p. 256)

(in the bad world) – People who steal this public property of crops shall be killed.
(in the good world) – find documents that during the state of the so-called original great leader millions of people died due to starvation.
	Even when food was produced and seen – the food was not for the population but for the original great leader to trade with foreign countries to earn money
	“No one knows how many people feminine carried off.  Estimates vary between five and eight million” (p. 258)
	“Stalin fought famine with his usual weapon – terror.  In August 1932 he personally drafted the famous law declaring that “persons misappropriating public property must be regarded as enemies of the people “and introduced savage penalties for any offense.  The people at large dubbed this the “five ears law” since it threatened any hungry person who stole a few ears of corn with execution by shooting, or, at best ten years of imprisonment” (p. 258)
	“By January 1933, fifty-three thousand people had been convicted under the new law, and two thousand of them shot.  People were dying of hunger, but dared not touch the holkhoz grain.  In spite of the famine, grain exports to Western Europe continued without interruption.  He needed funds for the new factories under construction.  In 1930 he sold 48 million pounds (864,000 tons) of grain, in 1931, 51 million, in 1932, 18 million, and in the hungriest year of all, 1933, he still managed to sell 10 million pounds.  With the aid of fear, bloodshed, and hunger he led or rather dragged, a broken-backed country along the road to industrialization.
	He had foreseen the famine, and he needed it.” (p. 259)

(in the bad world) – to protect people from the harms from criminals and other Germs – infected harms by the genius great leader giving protection to people by keeping people in their place – not to have people in the local area that have no reason to be there.  For only criminal, robbers, and other Germ infected people would be in their area unless they lived (or had permission) to be in the area.  The restriction on people by the government helps guarantee safety.
(in the good world) – find documents that the original great leader would restrict people in specific towns or specific areas.  In the good world, people do not need permission to travel.
	“Internal passports were introduced ….The passport system deprived the peasants of freedom of movement, and gave the GPU and the militia an additional means of exercising tight control over all citizens” (p.; 259)

(in the bad world) – the creative arts – writers, performers, and so on only create stuff (write, perform, etc.) that support the state or its beliefs.
	“The intelligentsia was being taught caution in its use of the printed word.  The slightest departure from the official view risked an accusation of perverting Marxism Leninism, or worse.
	Biologists, philosophers, educationists, and economists were all assailed.  All branches of learning reported the discovery of “distortions”.  The “pseudo-academics” as they were not called, obediently did penance at public meetings.” (p. 261)

(in the bad world) – all creative art workers – like writers – all belong to an organization that belongs to the state
(in the bad world) – All art forms have to glorify the state and its benefits.

	“All writers – Party members and nonmembers alike – now had to unite in the Union of Writers – an organization modeled closely on Stalinist Party” (p. 269)
	“uniformity was introduced in all cultural activates.  The avant garde in music and art was destroyed.  Unions of Artists and Composers were created, and they had secretaries, plenums, congresses.  To more mirror images of the Party.  Henceforth there would be no unofficial groups in the arts” (p. 271)
	“Henceforth all those activates in literature and the arts had to adopt a single creative method.  They must follow the party’s example.  Only those accepted the prescribed method had the right to membership in the unions.  Every departure from it had to be punished, like factionism in the Party…Only works which served the Party had the right to exist” (p. 271)

Chpt 13: The Dreadful Year

(in the bad world) – Be alert, Germ-infected enemies can be anywhere in the society
	“After the funeral it was time for his usual occupation: looking for the culprits.  He had no difficulty in finding them. His enemies.” (p. 295)

Chpt 14: The Congress of Victors
(not sure if or how put it in story but like the name)

(in the bad world) – have the Congress of Victors, the Congress of Victory
	“The Congress of Victors” (p. 306)

(in the bad world) – rule by fear
	“Of course everyone was afraid” (p. 308)

(in the bad world) – rule of the leader
	“The system he had created was working.  The hierarchy of “party bosses” with the God-Boss at its summit, in a very short time had carried though industrialization and collective.  The system’s safety devices – the extrajudicial penal apparatus and the organs of agitation and propaganda – were operating effectively.” (p. 311)

(in the good world) – find people lived horrible lives
	“The population at large had also learned a great deal in the last few years: to look at starving people without noticing them, to work for a beggarly wage, to live in a house more like a hive, and to stand in line for groceries – knowing all the time that they were citizens of the world’s finest state.” (p. 311)

(again, not sure if or how to put in story)
(in the good world) – find one way the great leader achieve power
	“In 1934, as he pondered his next move, he must have taken Hitler’s example into account.  The way in which Hitler had settled the fate of certain Party comrades, after they had bought him to power, was instructive.  They had been a bunch of unruly malcontents, very much like Lenin’s Party.  Hitler, who had also created a mighty state subservient to its leader, found a drastic solution to the problem.  He denounced his comrades of yesterday as traitors, and personally took charge or their extermination.” (p. 313)

Chpt. 15: The Bloodbath Begins
(nothing)

Chpt. 16: “The People of My Wrath” Destroyed

(in the bad world) – have show trails
	“It was 1936.  He was planning to hold bloody show trails at home.” (p. 337)

(in the good world) – Find documents that the criminals would confess, one tool was threaten family members
	“The Young Pioneer in fact needed only to switch on the radio any day of the week to hear the frenzied indignation of the mob.  An additional threat was brought to bear: “If you refuse to plead guilty in court a substitute will be found – your son” (p. 341)

(in the bad world) – The evil criminal confess
	“the charge against the defendants was that acting on Trotsky’s instructions they had organized a “center” for the purpose of assassinating the leaders of the Party and the state.  They had succeeded in murdering Kinov and created a number of terrorist groups to kill Stalin and his loyal comrades-in-arms. The state prosecutor, A. Vyskinsky, demanded that these “mad dogs” (the sixteen accused) be executed by shooting.  After that the accused, all famous Bolshevik, eagerly confessed their guilt and declared themselves repentant.
	Zinoviev: “My perverted Bolshevism became anti-Bolshevism, and by way of Trotskyism I arrived at fascism.  Trotskyism is a variant of fascism.”  Kamenev: “I stand before a proletarian court for the third time.  My life has been spared twice, but there is a limit to the magnanimity of the proletariat.” The accused unanimously asked to be shot.  Once again, the trail could not have been running more smoothly.” (p. 344)

(in the good world) – find the show trails were a production
	“Rytuin would play an invaluable part in the coming production – the trail of the rightist” (p. 346)

(in the good world) – Find documents that the great leader would give praise on the people he was about to kill – to show the great leader loved everyone.
	“Above all, he prompted them at the last minute so that people could see how much he loved them, and how they had betrayed his trust.” (p. 346)

(in the bad world) – People inform on others.
	“the society a world of informers
	“A huge network of informers embraced the whole country.  Ostensibly, they operated on a voluntary basis, but they received substantial rewards, in particular steady promotion in their professions.  Best of all, they could exact a bloody reckoning from those whom he disliked.  Their superiors at work trembled before them.  At the heights of the purges, informers enjoyed a measure of protection, though if their masters fell they might fall within them.
	People fought for the right to inform.  Apart from the full-time informers, all citizens were obliged to join enthusiastically in the same activity.

(in the bad world) – have show trails
	“Pyatakoy had originally been invited to act as the main accuser at the trail of Zinoviev and Kamenev.  He had consented, and got ready to slander his old comrades” (p. 348-349) 
	“After they saw that Pytakov was ready to collaborate in any way required, they gave him a more complicated role.  In the 1937 trails he joined the defendants, those whom he had meant to backen (?).  He was arrested, but was a first recalcitrant.  Ordzhonidikze in person urged him to accept the role assigned to him in exchange for his life.
	He finally agreed to do it as a matter of “the highest expediency” and began rehearsals with the interrogators” (p. 349)

(in the bad world) – These evil criminals confess
	“In court Redek scintillated.  He exposed himself and his comrades unmercifully.  It was largely thanks to his inspired performance that the trail was such a success.
	The German writer Lion Feichtwanger, who was present at the trail…
	 The impression was created that the accused, the prosecutor, and the judges were all inspired by the same single – I almost say sporting – objective, to explain all that had happened wit the maximum precision.  If a theatrical producer had been called on to stage such a trail he would probably have needed several rehearsals to achieve that sort of teamwork among the accused.
	It was simply that the play had such a great producer.  And he had found on excellent actor.” (p. 350)

(in the good world) – find documents that people were fearful and would try to inform on each other.
	“Top people were terrified.” Wrote N. Kotov “They vied with each other in accusing their former friends.  And lied to each other – to friends, to fathers, to mothers, to children, just to demonstrate beyond doubt their loyalty to the mustchjoed one.  They expected to be arrested from day to day and lied even to themselves, in their diaries, hoping that their lies would be read by the investigator” (p. 351)

(in the bad world) – Be Alert – enemies may be anywhere.  Arrest of enemies.
	“The arrests continued without interruption.  Black cars scoured the city every night, picking up Party members and their families and friends.  There were no more sensational trails for the present.  The victims were picked up quietly, quickly supplied the testimony required, and were quickly put up against the wall.
	It was allowed to use torture” (p. 353)

(in the good world) – find documents to get people to confess the government of the so-called original great leader used torture to get people to agree to confess to their “crimes” in the show trail court cases.  Use torture to get people to confess.
	“The importance of Fear”
	“He had decided to speed up the process of destroying the Party.  The meant speeding up the confession stage.  Logic dictated the use of torture.
	The new generation of Yezhov interrogators quickly mastered the use of the first and more refined methods.  Torture really began before the victims entered the interrogator’s office, immediately after their arrest.
	It began with “cell torture”.  As one witness described it “there were sixty people in the cell…
	Then came torture by the interrogator
	“The first interrogation in the Sukhanov Prison often began with a savage beating to humiliate the prisoner and break his resistance right from the start” (p. 354)
	“She held out even when they thrashed her son, a sixteen-year-old schoolboy, before her eyes and told her that they would kill him if she did not sign the protocol.  She still had not signed when she died in her cell.
	Blows and lashes were only the beginning – the entrance to hell.  After that the notorious “conveyor belt” was set in motion.  Interrogators worked in shifts, while prisoners were kept awake day and night.  Kicks, blows, and insults were sustained throughout.  The prisoner’s mind would be so foggy by sleeplessness that he was ready to sign absolutely anything - usually a version made up the interrogator himself.” (p. 355)
	“The next stage was that of “consolidation”.  The prisoner was fed, given cigarettes, and he told that it was now his turn to think what more he could add to his testimony.  He was given paper, and told what direction his thoughts should take. His progress was carefully monitored.
	If he had to appear in court – most prisoners were condemned in camera – he would be carefully rehearsed first. Those who agree to confess rehearse it first.”

(in the bad world) – The constitution would (in theory) promise all the freedoms that citizens will enjoy
	“But in reality, the “freedoms” will never exist.
	“A new constitution was adopted at the end of 1936
	“The constitution they drafted, proclaiming freedom of speech, universal franchise and the usual civic rights could come into effect only when the object of the terror was to create josh such a society.” (p. 357)

Chpt. 17: The Fall of the “The Party’s Favorite” 

(in the bad world) – the great leader himself is loved
	“Unforgettable moments when I saw the bright face of our beloved leading the genius who has created the constitution”…
	“To see him, a god on Earth, had become a tremendous event, and not just for deluded workers” (p. 363)
	“Stalin had by now created a unique image of himself: he was tsar and God at once.  He was the Boss” (p. 363)

(in the bad world) – celebrate the great leader’s birthday
	“The big event was the he celebrated J.S. (Joseph) birthday) (p. 364)

(in the bad world) – use torture to get confessions
	“By the 29th, as his case records shows, the hero had confessed to all the false charges brought against him.  There are reddish – brown marks on some pages on his deposition.  Forensic examination has shown that they are blood strains.  When he introduced torture, the Boss has been thinking ahead.  Since the military were bound to be a bit tougher than civilians, torture should prove useful.  It did.” (p. 372)

(in the good world) – find that the show trails were produced; the show trails were a production
	“Then came the trail – in March 1938 – the last in the series of trails of famous Bolshevik leaders.  The work of exterminating Illvirch’s comrades-in-arms was nearing completion.  This trail was the climax of the Boss’s thriller.  As all storytellers should, he drew all the story lines together and left nothing unexplained.”

(in the good world) – find documents that the original great leader produced trails
	“There is an extraordinary feat of proofreading in the President’s Achieve: Stalin personally prepared the stenographic record of the trial for publication and edited the speeches, deleting words used by the deceased and writing in others.  The fastidious author worked away at his thriller to the very end.” (p 384)

Chpt. 18: Creation of a New Country

(in the bad world) – the citizens of the enlightenment race family enjoy a great society
	“Reading this tedious catalog of never – ending arrests and trails, we are bound to imagine that the country’s state of mind in the terrible year 1937 was one of deep depression. Not a bit of it!  The great majority of the population woke up happy to the relentless blare of loudspeakers, sped eagerly to work, participated enthusiastically in the daily meetings at which their enemies were anathematized and read skimpy newspapers reports of the trails which showed how very reliable the secret police were.”

(in the bad world) – they have great things that have occurred
	The world is great with
•	public trails going after the evil criminals (the show trails)
•	marching music
•	land of victories
	“The public trails, with their magnificent ritual of retribution, were one of the distracting form everyday life.  As a true Caesar should, Stalin arranged many such diversions for his fortunate fellow citizens” (p. 386)
	“Everyday life resounded with the thunder of marching music, for this land was the land of victors”

(in the bad world) – the world of the original great leader and at the time of the main character – the great leader will be a land of victory, will be a land of victors.  At the time of the main character, victories in the land of victors will be announced all over the media in print, and over the radio (not sure if this works will have T.V. – but if it does will have one channel giving great news about the victories that occur)
	“Every day the papers reported the victory of some champion worker and the country rejoiced … Every day Stalin present the inhabitants of the world’s first socialist state with some new victory…Then their were annual military and symmetric parades on Red Square.  And finally the ceremonies in honor of the greatest victors of all – the heroes of labor.

(in the bad world) – the society of the great leader provides comfort that everyone in the society belongs to the group – to the enlightenment race family, and that everyone gets comfort belonging to other groups – like the person’s occupational group.
	Every one belongs to groups created by the state.  It is the state the determines what groups an individual will belong – the individual will have no choice as to what groups he should belong to.
(in the good world) – the individual will get to decide what groups he would like to join, the individual will get to determine if he or she would like to join any group at all
	“He had created a country of collections.  Everything was collective.  You worked collectively, lived collectively in a communal excursion into the countryside.  Holidays were collective – Miners Day, Construction Workers Day, Metal Workers Day.  Every profession had its own holiday, so that on that one day its collection could drink and frolic to their heart content and most important – all together”
	(in the bad world) (using the above quote) – You can have the main character celebrate with his workers’ group – currently thinking right now would be student personnel selectors – people who would select people in jobs based upon the needs of the state – (the interests of the individual in this world does not matter)
	“Stalin opened Parks of Culture and Rest all over the country.  There under the guidance of specially trained leisure organizers, people could enjoy themselves – as always – collectively” (p. 387)
	“This constant emphasis on the mass – mass congresses, mass holidays – this dissolution of the individual in a mass produced something which he praised above all else: a collective conscience.  Personal responsibility died; there was only collective responsibility” (p. 388)
	(in the bad world) – people watch sports – everyone involved, the favorite entertainment of the intelligentsia.  At a football match, the anger and resentment normally suppressed by fear spilled out in noisy display of emotion.  At the stadium you could find relief from the suppressed terror in your unconscious” (p. 388)

Chpt. 19: Night Life
(in the bad world) – fear comes in the dark
	“From the moment Starestin had entered that other life – the Life After Dark – which everyone tried not to talk about or even think about.
	Those black cars used to drive out onto the streets of Moscow after midnight.  Everything to do with that other life existed in the dark, and was secret.  If someone was arrested in a communal apartment, the neighbors would not pretend not to hear, however much noise was made.  Next morning, standing in line for the lavatory, they would avert their eyes from the family of the man who had vanished in the night, and his family would avert their own tearful tears.  They were like plaque victims.  The whole apartment waited expectantly.  They did not have to wait long.  As a rule the whole family vanished soon afterward, and anew resident appeared in the communal apartment, humming as happily as the rest as he stood in line for the communal lavatory.” (p. 391)

(not sure how or if will use in story)
“each victim killed his predecessor and was killed by his successor…But Stalin wanted to involve as many people as possible in the work of destruction.  At hundreds of public meetings, millions of citizens welcomed the orgy of arrests and voted death sentences for “enemies of people”.  Newspapers printed daily appeals from workers demanding the execution of Trotskist – Zinovivite – Bukarhinite murders” (p. 392)

(in the bad world) – during the show trails, the criminals confessed show the validity and truthfulness of the trails.  All criminals confess proving their guilt.
	“What better proof can there be than the accuser’s confession?  In semiliterate Russia, unaccustomed to the rule of the law, the fact that “he admitted it himself” was conclusive.  The Boss understood this very well, and his show trails were based on this “popular principle” (p. 395)

(in the bad world) – Be alert! The Germ-infected enemies may by anywhere.
	“Life in the night world was hectic.  From dusk to dawn, enemies were flushed out.” (p. 393)

(in the bad world) – the great leader is good, is subordinates can be bad.
	“But while he mercilessly stepped up the repression, it was Yazhov who always had to supply proof of the treachery of old party members.  The Boss’s role was to resist the evidence, to show surprise that people could sink so low, to call for further inquiry.” (p. 408)

(in the bad world) – the people lived in fear
	“In these years of terror, the Nikye went completely mad.  Junior official s seeing their comrades destroyed, decided that their best hope of survival was active involvement.  IN an excess of zeal they arrested even children as spies.  They discovered Trotskyist agents in the most unlikely professions.” (p. 401)

(not sure how or if we will use in story)
(in the good world) – find documents that people were fearful in the so-called original great leader government.  People would try to inform on other people to survive.
	“Many people denounced each other in writing sometimes simply out of fear to affirm their loyalty and not get involved with the night people.  Informing became synonymous with good citizenship.” (p. 402)

(in the bad world) – fear is everywhere – 
(make fear a characteristic of the main character in the bad world, where fear does not exist in the good world)
	“The Soviet ambassador to Bulgaria, Fydor Raskolnikov, also refused to return.  He later described ho, in 1936, he was struck by the extraordinary silence in the Kremlin dinning hall: the highly placed functionaries using it were literally afraid to open their mouths, afraid of each other, paralyzed with fear” (p. 406)

(not sure if will put in story or not or how to put in story)
(in the good world) – find documents that scientists were locked up
	“This was one of the Boss’s most impressive inventions: a closed research institute in which imprisoned scientists could continue their work.  The remain helped the great Korolev and the famous Tupolev, both prisoners, to develop a radio-controlled pilotless plane.” (p. 408)

Chpt. 20: Tending Terror’s Sacred Flame

(in the bad society) – one needs fear to rule
	“The madness of Terror, when the arrest of each “enemy of the people” was followed by the arrests of all his relatives and acquaintances when people were picked up for a careless word, or a misprint in a newspaper, when textile designs were scrutinized through magnifying glasses – all this, needless to say, served good bonfire of fear.  Every arrest there a little chip of its own onto the mysterious nocturnal fire which need to burn forever, only constant fear kept the country and system stable (One day the collapse of the Communist empire would confirm this)

(in the bad world) – use slave labor, the advantage of slave labor – good for economics
	“The Boss now had at this disposal the army of unpaid laborers of which Trotsky once dreamed” (p. 413)
	“The Boss valued the labor of these slaves of the land of socialism very highly.  ON August 25, 1938, when the Terror was ebbing, the Presidum of the Supreme Soviet discussed the possibility of early release for prisoners who had distinguished themselves in the camps.  But the Boss said, “Can’t we find some other way of showing appreciation of their work?  From the point of view of the economy it is a bad idea.  The best people would be freed, and those left would be the worst.” In 1939 he decreed through the President that “a convicted person must serve the full sentence” “The best” were left to die slowly.” (p. 414)

(Read about a related idea of using slave labor of putting scientists in good comfortable prison camps)
	“Let them eat cake – But don’t let them out” 
	“The arrest of scientist and technicians was an inspired part of the Boss’s plan to prove cheap labor.” (p 414)
	“Let them eat cake, but don’t let them out.  Let them work, construct things the country needs, things for the army.” (p. 414)
	“Most important of all, isolation ensured maximum secrecy.  This was very important for military reasons.  Determined as he was to realize the Great Dream, he wanted the country’s best minds to be working day and night, with no distractions, and under strict control, on its military needs.  This was why he had invented the sharashki, scientific institutes staffed by convicts.  Most of the country’s outstanding technical brains – engineers and scientists – were destined to end up sooner or later in the sharashki.” (p. 415)

Chpt. 21: Toward the Great Dream

(in the bad society) – the society is united, society is not divided of disunity and division – the society united behind the original great leader.  DO not allow Germ tricks to create disunity and division in the society. – all united behind the great leader.
(in the good world) – allow difference of opinions to exist.
	“At the head of the state stood the Party, sole ruler and utterly unopposed.  IN this tamed country, no one would dare challenge its rule.  And with all this, he had given his docile people the feeling that they were victims.  His society was united as no one had ever been.” 

(in the bad world) – During the evils of the terror, people how are victims make the assumption that the subordinates of the great leader are doing horrible things, but not the great leader himself.  The great leader himself does not know about the horrible things that the terror is doing.
	“All this time the NKVD had been cultivating the myth that Stalin knew nothing about Night Life.  Innumerable spies who had insinuated themselves in to the NKVD concealed the Terror from Stalin.  The intelligentsia tried hard to believe this fable, to ease their consciences.  They famed on him and flattered him, but did not want to lose their self-respect.  Pasternak, for instance, said to Ehrenburg, “If only somebody would tell Stalin about this,”, and Meyerhold often said, “They keep all this from Stalin” (p. 425)
	“A number of similar remarks are one record in the Party Archieve.  Here is People’s Commissar F. Stebnev “It looks as if they are deliberately destroying the Party cadres.  I’m willing to bet my life Joseph Vissnarinovich doesn’t know about it” (p. 425)

(in the bad world) – We all praise the great leader
	“The new party broke previous records to homage to their God on Earth. “The genius of the modern era”, “the wisest man of the epoch”, as he was called at the Congress, was hence forward always greeted by an audience on its feet.  There was now a prescribed ritual for the Boss’s delegates, standing, greeting Comrade Stalin, with a prolonged ovation” Shouts of  “Hurrah”, “Long live Comrade Stalin”, “Hurrah for the great Stalin”, “Hurrah for our beloved Stalin” etc.

(in the good world) – find documents and history how the government of the so-called original great leader changed historical events to make the original great leader look good.
	“New history text books also appeared, propounding ideas which must have made earlier revolutionaries turn in their graves.” (p. 426)

Chpt. 22: Two Leaders

(in the bad world) – the peace loving state of the original great leader never sparked any conflict, conflict always came from outside the state the original great leader ruled, the state of the original great leader always had war forced upon him.
(in the good world) – the state of the original great leader created and started the ware with others states
	“Shortly afterward the Soviet Government announced: “On November 26 without warning our forces came under artillery fire from the Finnish side.as a result of which four men were killed and then wounded.” The Finns tried in vain to prove that the artillery fire had come from the Soviet side and that the Soviet forces had killed their own solders. The war had begun.
	For it’s “aggression against the Soviet Union”, Finland was expelled from the League of Nations.” (p. 447)

Chpt. 23: The First Days of War

(a interesting through, not sure if I will use it in the story or if so how – but one totalitarian regime fighting another totalitarian regime saved the world) 
	“This monologue of despair was unfair, in that if Stalin had surrendered Leningrad the lives of the besieged would not have been saved.  Witness Hitler’s directive of September 29, 1941: “The Fuehrer has vowed to wipe St. Petersburg from the face of the Earth.  The objective is to approach the city as closely as possible and destroy it totally by artillery fire and constant attacks from the air.  Requests to be allowed to surrender will be rejected…we have no interest in preserving any part of the population of that large city.” 
	And another question: could the Boss have broken the blockade earlier?  The answer seems to be yes.  But, for tactical reasons, he used the slavish patriotism of people who died without compliant for ninety days and nights.  Perhaps no other nation in the world could have tolerated this – only this people trained by him to be so meekly obedient.  Was it really true then, that only one form of totalitarianism could destroy another? And save humanity? (p. 489)

Interlude: A Family in Wartime
	(nothing)

Chpt. 24: Onward to Victory
	(nothing)

Chpt. 25: The Leader’s Plan
	(nothing)
Chpt. 26: The Return of Fear

(in the bad world) – need fear to rule
	“The Socialist War Camp
	 The Boss needed an open quarrel with the West.  As always, he needed enemies.  With a new threat to the land of the Soviets, he could stop playing at democracy in Eastern Europe and tighten the screws at home.
	Churchill came to his aide with his famous Fulton speech.  Both Truman and Attlee deprecated Churchill’s outspokenness, but it was too late! Stalin could problem that the USSR was threatened with aggression again.  The war of mutual anathemas, the cold war which he so much wanted, had begun.” (p. 517)

(in the bad world) – all the great discoveries of knowledge were done by the enlightenment race family.
	“The campaign quickly degenerated into lunacy.  Stalinist historians “revealed” that the discovers of Russian scientists had been pirated wholesale by rascally foreigners.  It now appeared that the steam engine was not invented by Watt buy by a Sibermain skilled women called Polzunoy, the electric light bulb by the Russian Yablochkox, the radio by Popox, not Marconi … The first successful test flight was made by the Russian engineer Mozhaisky, not the Wright brothers, and Petrov, a schoolteacher had discovered the electric arc.  Whatever later Russians had not invented had already been discovered by Mikhail Lomonosox in the eighteenth century.”

Chpt. 27: The Apocalypse that Never Was

(in the bad world) – the picture of the great leader is everywhere
	“The image of the god, - the God Stalin – would lead them into the last, decisive and truly bloody battle that was the whole purpose for the Stalin cult.  That was why his newspapers and his radio had to exalt his name day and night…” (p. 540)

Chpt. 28: The Last Secret
	(nothing)

Afterward
	(nothing)
 

Rwandan Genocide
	I found it easier to demonstrate in this fictitious world the Rwandan Genocide as the source of fictitious ideas rather than the Holocaust.  As best as I understood it, the Holocaust was supposed to be kept officially secret while the Rwandan Genocide was a public event. The source that gave me the idea that the Rwandan Genocide and the Holocaust were similar events was the “Frontline: The Triumph of Evil” source (see listing of resources below for details). Sources used to come up with ideas are described below.
	

	Rwandan Genocide Heroes
	Stories of real life heroes who saved Tutsis during the Rwandan Genocide
	
	Web Page Name: “Reconciliation in Rwanda – Stories of Rescue
	Web Page Address: www.aristotle.oneonta.edu/41_reconciliation_in_rwanda-stories_or_rescue/archieve/293_storeis_from_tribute_to_courage_african_rights_publication.htm
		The fear/risk of the heroes were taking
		(Under the hero “Therese Nyiabayovu”
		“Therese and her children hid us for nearly two months, knowing very well they were risking their own lives if anyone ever found” (p. 1)

		Again see the risk that heroes did, any official government officials who did not follow orders:
		(Under the hero, Callizte Ndagijimana
		“Bourgmestres have control over security in the commune and a responsibility to safeguard residents.  But like many local administrative officials, they often became key organizers of the genocide in 1994.  Under orders from the government to ensure that the Tutsi population in their area was tipped out, any official found to be resisting the killings was deemed a traitor and punished.” (p. 4)

	(Heroes who are found are punished and serve as warning to others not to be a hero)


		(Under the hero: Jean Marie – Vianney Gisagara)
		“As the threat to his own life increased, Gisagara must have known that the task he had set himself was both hopeless and extremely dangerous, but he remained firm.  Eventually he was forced into hiding, but he was soon found and savagely killed.  As a warning to what would happened to Hutus who tried to extend a helping hand to Tutsis, Gisagara was tied to a van and dragged through the streets of his home sector of Nyanza.” (p. 7)

Web Page Name: “Rwanda: Catholic Priest Honored Again for Saving 3,000 Tutsis”
	Web Page Address: allafrica.com/stories/200909110888.html
	Cannot find web printoffs


Rwanda General Background Materials
	Web Name “Internews: Media in Conflict: Case Study – Rwanda”
	Web page address: www2.fiu.edu/~surise/Case%20Rwanda.pdf
 “The genocide was carried out mainly be members of militias and the army, but a significant number of Hutu civilians took part as well. By the time the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) took Kigali on July 19 and the killing subsided, up to one million Rwanda were dead.” (p. 1)’

(in the bad world) – the patriots would often have a machete in one hand and a radio in the other.
	“all agree that it was used to set the scene for the mass killing that later erupted. “In Rwanda,” Gowing writes, “hate radio…systematically laid the groundwork for mass slaughter fro the moment it was licensed in July 1993.  It also helped facilitate the genocide, as RTLM broadcast names, addresses and license plate numbers of Tutsi targets.  “Killers often carried a machete in one hand and a transistor radio in the other” according to Power.” (p. 1)

	(in the bad world) – one of the glorious events that occurred during the Great Cleansing was to give out radios so that every citizen could listen.  Have the main character see a exhibit of this in the museum.
	“Further evidence of this strategy is found in the fact that prior to the genocide the government distributed free radios around the country in order to allow Rwands to tune into RTLM, and that RTLM was “allowed to broadcast on the same frequencies as the national radio when Radio Rwanda [the national state-owned station] was not transmitting.” (p, 2)

(In the bad world) – Self – defense (must kill the Germs, before they kill members of the enlightenment race community)
	“Nonetheless, it remains clear that Rwandan hate radio was an integral component in the genocide…Media were used to create the false impression that the RPF attack was imminent and that Hutus were in grave danger.  Thus, preemptive action by Hutus, in an effort to “defend” themselves, were portrayed as necessary in order to head off the looming RPF attack and foil their plans.  RTLM “stressed constantly the need for self-defense against Tutsi, warning that Hutu must be prepared to fight against them to the last person”  In other words, RTLM attempted to create the impression conflict was inevitable, and that Hutus had no choice but to slaughter Tutsis in order to save themselves.” (p. 2)
“literally meaning “cockroaches” (p. 2)

(in the bad world) – everyone is expected to participate in the Great Cleansing
	“Through such deception, RTLM endeavored to create the impression that participating in the genocide was every Hutu’s responsibility, and that remaining on the sidelines would be both unpatriotic and unsafe.
	One of the reasons RTLM’s propaganda was so effective was that the station was good at what it did.” (p. 3)

(in the bad world) – in the format of the radio
	“RTLM did not bore its listeners with regular, repetitive new reports, opting instead to play music from well-known Rwandan musicians” (p. 3)

(in the bad world) – the print media also helped the Great Cleansing effort
	“In fact, it was in the print media where hate speech against Tutsis first gained prominence” (p. 3)

(in the bad world) – the print media also helped the Great Cleansing effort
	“Kangura also published the infamous “10 Hutu Commandments” which called upon Hutus to massacre Tutsis” (p. 3 – 4). 

(in the bad world) – in the Great Cleansing it became known about the horrible things that would occur if the Germs were ever able to take power, indeed have stories of some of the horrible deeds that some Germs did when they attempted to take over in the chaos that followed in the attempted assignation of the original great leader.
	“Radio Rwanda, the official government station, was also complicit in promoting violence.  The strategy used was similar to that employed by RTLM and Kangura; for example, in March 1992 the state “warned that Hutu leaders were going to be murdered by Tutsi, false information meant to spur the Hutu massacre of Tutsi.”  Such reports, in which “Radio Rwanda provided patently false and inflammatory reports on the RPF and the extent of their hostilities,” were frequent; one report in 1992 falsely claimed that then FPT President and current Rwandan president Paul Kagame had been killed by a mine.  Later that year the station started broadcasting communiqué’s from a fictitious organization warning of impending widespread conflict.” (p. 4)

(in the bad world) – hear about some of the horrible things that Germs did to the enlightenment race community
	“In 1993, the station featured an interview with a woman who told a fabricated story about how RPF troops beat her with a hammer and threw here into a mass grave.  When she managed to climb out of the grave, she said, she saw the soldiers remove a fetus from a pregnant woman and then force the woman to prepare a meal.” (p. 4) 

PBS Web Page 
		Frontline show “Valentina’s Nightmare”
		www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/rwanda/etc/script.html
			The above link gives a transcript of the program

(in the bad world) – the radio give inspirational messages
	(Fergal Keane:  Valentina’s nightmare began at Nyarubye’s Catholic Church.  IN April 1994, 1,000 local Tutsis fled here for sanctuary.  Hutu extremists had just seized power in Rwanda.  Their aim: the extermination of all Tutsis.  A mob of Hutus surrounded the church, urged on by the army and extremist mob.
	Radio Broadcast: [subtitles] All Tutsis will perish.  They will disappear from the earth.
	We strike them down with arms.  Slowly, slowly, slowly, we kill them like rats.”….
	Fegal Keane: The killers herded their victims into the church.  Children were a priority target.  “When you kill rats, you don’t spare the babies” their leaders said. (p. 2)

	Fegal Keane: “The killers kept normal working hours, returning home every evening.” (p. 3)…

	Fegal Keane: “Across Rwanda the slaughter was being repeated.  NO Tutsi was safe.  In 100 days more than 800,000 people were to die.  Extremist radio reminded Hutus of the colonial days, when Tutsi chiefs had been feudal overlords. “Don’t let these cockroaches make slaves of you” it warned.  And then it said, “The graves are only half full.  Who will help us to fill them.?” (p. 3)

	Gerard Prunier, Author, “It’s a little bit what happened with the Jews in central Europe during the Second World War.  I mean, when the Germans were killing Jews in a lot of central European countries, well, the local population didn’t mind so much.  And I think, well, a lot of Hutus, well, didn’t mind so that political activities would kill Tutsi.  There was a climate.” (p. 33)

Fergal Keane: “The plane was hit by a missile fired from near a Rwandan military base.  The Hutu extremists immediately blamed the Tutsis, but it’s now widely believed that extremists themselves shot down the president.”
	Gerald Prunier: “I think it was his own friends and that it was just a good way of getting things started.  He had outlived his usefulness and this was a tremendous boost in starting the genocide because a lot of people who were well, didn’t like the Tutsi, but who were sort of fence sitters, they said, “The Tutsi killed our president our president”  They felt it was their president, as Hutus.  And if the Tutsis did that they deserved to die.”
	Fegal Keane: And the immediate effect of shooting down the plane?
	Gerald Prunier: Yeah, was starting the genocide.  It started within the hour.
	Fegal Keane: Hutu militias and troops took to the streets.  Rwanda’s season of blood had begun.  Using lists prepared long in advance, the extremists went from neighborhood to neighborhood, killing any Tutsi they could find and every Hutu who opposed the extremist agenda.  National radio acted as a cheerleader for the slaughter.  The Tutsis, it said, must become nothing but a memory.
[interviewing] What did they want to do with the Tutsis?” (p. 4)

(in the bad world) – the Germs must die 
“Gerard Prunier: Oh, it is very simple: kill them all.  That is extremely simple. Kill them all.” 
Fegal Keane: Every single Tutsis had to be wiped out?
Gerald Prunier: Yes, men, woman, and child.” (p. 5)

…
Fegal Keane: “But the rebels’ advance saved the Tutsis from extinction.” (p. 5)

Fegal Keane: “There are nearly 90,000 genocide suspects crammed into Rwanda’s jails, men like these, husbands, and fathers, were told that it was their civic duty to kill the “Tusis cockroaches.”  They lived in a society where for centuries the peasants had been taught to follow every official order.  This culture of obedience and the relentless official demonizing of the Tutsis helped turn many men into murders.  “Kill the Tutsis and your problems will be over, “ they were told.  To the impoverished jobless masses these were beautiful words.  And the killers were certain they would get away with it.” (p. 9)

Key Quote – the Great Cleansing – something to be celebrated.
(in the bad world) – the Great Cleansing is celebrated as a great event, as the killing of the Germs is celebrated as a great event.
Fegal Keane: “It is hard now to imagine the atmosphere of hatred created by the state and by radio. Killing was not simply an obligation of the peasants, it was something to be celebrated.” (p. 11)
Radio Broadcast: [singing][subtitles] Come, friends.  Let’s celebrate.  The Tutsis have been exterminated.  Come, friends.  Let’s celebrate.  God rewards the just.” (p. 11)

CNN Web pages
		Name: “Transcripts: Diplomatic License Aired April 9, 2004”
		Web address: Edition.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0404/09/i_dl.01.html
	
	(in the bad world) – the sword was the main weapon to kill the Germs
	“Beth Nissen explores how mass murder by machete occurred.” (p. 1)

Web Page Name: “World: Rwanda Genocide Journalist sentenced”
	Web address: www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/afria/12/04/rwanda.journalist.reut/ 

	“RTLM broadcasts was a drumbeat on listeners to take action against Tutsis.”  Judge Pillay said, “RTLM spread petrol throughout the country little by little so that one day it would be able to set fire to the whole country.” (p. 1)

	“The court heard how from April 1994, RTLM incited the killers, using expressions like “go work”, “go clean”, and “the graves are not yet full.” (p. 2)

	BBC Web Pages
		Web Page Name: “BBC News: Preventing another genocide”
		Web Address: http//news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/Africa/3601213.stm

		“The post-independence government categorized citizens by ethnicity and continuing a practice of the Belgian colonial regime, required all adults to carry documents identifying their ethnic group.”
		“These identity documents were used to select Tutsi for slaughter during the genocide” (p. 1)

	“For three years before the genocide, newspapers like Kanguar had identified Tutsi as “enemies of the nation” to be scorned and feared.” (p. 2)

	“Rwandan government officials, military officials, and political leaders who directed the genocide claimed to be legitimate authorities giving appropriate orders for the self-defense of the population.”

	“Many civilian killers used machetes or homemade weapons.” (p. 4)

	Web Page Name “BBC News: Rwanda How the genocide happened”
		http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/1288230.stm

	(in the bad world) – the great cleansing started when it became realize that the Germs have attempted to kill the original great leader
	“The genocide was sparked by the death of the Rwandan president Juvenal Habyrariman, a Hutu, when his plane was shot down above Kigali airport on 6 April 1994.” (p. 1)
	“Soldiers and police officers encouraged ordinary citizens to take part.  In some cases, Hutu civilians were forced to murder their Tutsi neighbors by military personnel” (p. 3)

		Web Page: “BBC News: Ex-Rwandan PM reveals genocide planning”
		http://news.bbs.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3572887.stm

(in the bad world) - the great cleansing starts off as spontaneous uprising among the population only after this initial spontaneous uprising the state tried to guide it.
(in the good world) - find captured documents that the plan to kill Germs was very carefully laid out.
"to realize how carefully the mass killings were planned. The genocide was often portrayed in the West as a spontaneous uncontrollable outpouring of ethnic hatred which, as such, could not be stopped." (p. 1-2)
"show that in fact the killings were to a large extent planned in advance by a relatively small group of extremist Hutu politicians" (p. 2)
 
(in the bad world) - Get rid of the Germs - and have no problems in society, once all the Germs are gone than all the problems in society are solved.
"cabinet talks
One of the most revealing episodes from the transcript where Jean Kambanda reveals that the genocide was openly discussed in cabinet meetings….
 Kambanda described according to Melvem, how one cabinet minister said she was personally in favor of getting rid of all Tutsi; without the Tutsi; she told ministers, all of Rwanda's problems could be over" (p. 2)

(in the good world) - One of the things that senior officials will say that the killing of Germs was a defense measure against the approaching invasion army of democratic nations. Besides as self-proclaimed evil Germs of disease, death, destruction they be their vary nature helped the democratic nations armies, the Germs for instance would magically guide bombs on important targets - they way to turn the war around was to kill the Germs - if all the Germs were killed magical weapons would allow the original great leader's state to survive and one to eventual victory.
"This contradicts claims by senior government officials at the time that the killings were a spontaneous expression of "self-defense" against the invading rebel [and Tutsi-dominated] Rwandan Patriotic Front." (p. 2)
 
(in the good world) - find captured documents that show the planning of the killing. For example, show that swords were made in large number supply to be available to offer for people to use to kill Germs
The swords main instrument to kill Germs
"After combining through bank archives and government documents she reveals, for instance, that in 1993 the government of Rwanda imported, from China, three quarters of a million dollars of machetes. This was enough for one new machete for every third male.
Machetes were used for many of the murders during the genocide." (p. 3)

		Web Page Name: “BBC News Rwandan hate media – 10 years on”
		http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3601369.stm 
(in the bad world) - the media offers inspiration and information to the great
cleansing
"The actions of the militias that carried out the killings were fuelled, in part, by broadcasts by Radio Televion des Milles Collines (RTLM) and publications which openly incite Hutus to kill Tutsi" (p. not sure of exact page number - did not write a page number in yellow pad)
 
(In the good world) - As the original great leader's country collapses, the democratic armies realize the power of the media in creating the killings
"In December 2003, at the conclusion of a three-year long trail, three Rwandan journalists were handed long sentences. Two were charged with using a radio station and one with publishing as part of a campaign of incitement to commit genocide and crimes against humanity" (p. 1)

(In the good world) - when the democratic armies have defeated the original great leader, in one radio station they start again, when the radio starts to begin the owner of the radio station promises not to repeat what the older owner and staff of the radio station did before when under the control of the original great leader.
"Rwanda's first private radio station since the 1994 genocide began broadcasting at the end of February 2004. Radio 10 started its inaugural FM programming with a broadcast from its owner, who promised that it would not repeat the acts of its predecessor RTLM, ten years before" (p. not sure of page number - did not write the page number on the yellow pad) 
(in the good world) - The democratic states after the war learn about the influence of hate media, in particular chaotic situations. The democratic states agree if future killings occur where the media helps those killings, one thing the democratic states can do is to destroy those media outlets, particularly if they are radio or T.V.
"Lessons learnt?
Direct action could have silenced the hate from Rwanda's RTLM in the same way Serbian TV was removed from the airwaves.
General Romeo Dallaire, the commander of the UN Peacekeeping operation in Rwanda at the time of the genocide, said:" Simply jamming broadcasts and replacing them with messages of peace and reconciliation would have had a significant impact on the course of events." (p. 2)

"It is not clear what action will be taken in future occurrences, but the international community is not fully aware of hate media outlets as indicators of tension and the dreadful power they can wield, especially in already unstable situations." (p. 2)


	Web Page: “Duke Journal of Comparative & International Law: Countering Hate Messages that Lead to Violence : The United Nations’s Chapter VII Authority to Use Radio Jamming to Halt Incendiary Broadcasts”
		http://www.law.duke.edu/shell/cite.pl?11+Duke_&_Int’1+L.+109

Countering Hate Messages that Lead to Violence: The United Nations’s Chapter VII U Authority to use Radio Jamming to Half Incendiary broadcasts.
https://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1215&context=djcil
(may have to do a Google search for the title of document; and quotes)

(in the bad world) – the media offers inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing
	“The survivors of the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, who were engulfed by the racist, fervid broadcasts of hate radio, can provide firsthand testimony of these disastrous results. The primary source of hate radio in Rwanda, Radio-Television Libre des Mille Collines (RTLM), was a nominally private radio station created in 1993 with
informal connections to high-ranking government extremists.3
 The government officials to whom RTLM was connected belonged to the
Hutu ethnic group that ruled in opposition to the Tutsi group. Prior
to the mass killings in April 1994, RTLM targeted its messages to the
Interahamwe (“those who attack together”)—a private youth “death
squad” set up by the Hutus—who would hear these RTLM criticisms
of Tutsis and moderate Hutus who sympathized with Tutsis and then
attack them.” (p. 1 -2))

(in the bad world) – every citizen participates in the Great Cleansing
	“”However, RTLM clearly played a role in promoting the killings as a “final war” or “final battle” in which members of the Hutu majority were to feel they had to kill all Tutsi “rebels” and “accomplices” (which was interpreted to mean all Tutsis and all Hutus who sympathized with the Tutsis - including civilians) in order to ensure their own survival.  RTLM associated all Tutsis with the RPF and in order to ensure their own survival.  RTLM associated all Tutsis with the RPF and described them as “bloodthirsty monsters, who killed for the sake of killing.  According to RTLM, there was no point in negotiating with the Tutsis because nothing short of elimination could quench their thirst for blood and neutralize the threat they posed...” (p. 111-112))

(in the bad world) – every citizen participates in the Great Cleansing
	“Through these messages, RTLM’s greatest contribution to the genocide may have been, convincing, the entire Hutu population in Rwanda – men, women, and children – that they had a “duty” to join the war against the Tutsis by committing acts of genocide.  For example, RTLM systematically arranged roadblocks, and all able-bodied Hutus were expected to patrol them and execute all Tutsis on the spot.  The station suggested weapons to use for killing, and RTLM broadcasts recited lists of named “enemies” who subsequently were tracked down and executed by militias.  Often, these “enemies” were civilians or even Hutus mistaken for Tutsis.  “Enemies” and “accomplices” attempting to leave Rwanda were also identified on the air to be riding in specific vehicles, and these cars were then stopped and the passengers killed.  Along with coordinating these activities, RTLM also cheered the perpetrators, praised their “heroic” actions, and often hosted extremist speakers to encourage listeners in continuing the “war” effort.” (p. 111-112)

(in the bad world) – all citizens participate in the great Cleansing
	“In effect, RTLM became an arm of the Hutu government in conflict, and the language used by RTLM to incite genocide indicated that the objective of this armed combat was not simply to win the government’s battle but to utterly destroy the Tutsi race.  Although it is impossible to say precisely to what extent media propaganda contributed to the genocide, it can be assumed that RTLM broadcasts assisted in the annihilation of between 500,000 and 1,000,000 Rwandans.  These killings were committed by neighbors, were performed through hackings to death by machetes and other rudimentary weapons and were often accompanied by torture and rape.” (p. 112)

(in the bad world) – the media helped inspire and inform the civilians in the Great Cleansing effort.
	“As the Rwandan genocide in 1994 demonstrates, radio’s ability to shape a person’s mind and behavior can have catastrophic results.  To help prevent a recurrence of a similar atrocity, the United Nations need a method to prevent incendiary radio broadcasts.” (p. 115)

	Web Page “Sexual Violence and Genocide against Tutsi Women”		https://academic.udayton.edu/race/06hrights/georegions/africa/Rwanda01.htm
	

(in the bad world) – the Great Cleansing started as a spontaneous event of the enlightenment community against the Germs when Germs attempted to kill the original great leader in a assassination when the plane was bombed.  After this spontaneous outburst, the original great leader then decided to follow the wishes of citizens of his community, and he decided that he would help direct the energies of members of the larger community to kill the Germs in what became known as the Great Cleansing (in the beginning started with the bomb attempt to destroy the original great leader’s plane.)
(in the good world) – what was called by the so-called original great leader in a period of history that was to become known as the Great Cleansing lasted the last 100 days or so during the government’s life, when (we now know through captured documents) went there was a fake-assassination attempt through trying to kill the so-called original great leader, then this “event” was used has a excuse to begin the so-called “Great Cleansing” which was portrayed as a “spontaneous” 

event but was actually well-planned out (indeed it was planned out many years ahead of the event) where citizens of the so-called enlightenment community through fear and years of hearing propaganda about the horrible things that the so-called “Germs” did went through a community action to attempt to kill the Germs, unfortunately before the war ended about 500,000 to one million of there citizens died mostly with sword cutting off their heads.
	“Events came to a head on April 6, 1994, when a plane carrying President Habyarimana was shot down in Kigali Rwanda.  Hutu extremists seized this opportunity to capitalize on the intense ethnic tensions and conflict they had fueled through various means, including anti-Tutsi propaganda campaign.
	The following day, Rwandan Armed Forces and the Interahamwe – militia groups – set up roadblocks and began a house to house search to find and murder Tutsi.  Between 500,000 and one million Rwandan men, women, and children were slaughtered in the genocidal persecution of Tutsi and in massacres of moderate Hutus between April and July 1994.” (Page 3)

Public Participation in the Great Cleansing
(in the bad world) - During the Great Cleansing, all participated to eliminate the Germs.  All participated in the glorious event) Important quote for it shows that the public was involved in the event. (the main character will look at this in the museum of celebrating the Great Cleansing event of the past)

“B. Propaganda
The Rwandan genocide was not a chance event. Nor did it arise solely in response to President Habyaraiman’s death.  The genocide was the culmination of sweeping efforts that had been meticulously planned over a period of years.  The participation of the broader population was a critical aspect of the Rwandan genocide; co-workers killed co-workers, neighbors killed neighbors, friends killed friends, husbands killed wives.”  

(in the bad world) – the media gives inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing .  The media was the radio and the newspaper.
	“To this end, the media participated in a “structured attempt to use media to influence awareness, attitudes, or behavior.”  The intensive propaganda campaign fueled and funded by Hutu extremists was perhaps the most effective element of this plan, Hutu extremists successfully spread hate speech that would prove remarkable essential and effective before, during, and after the genocide.”
	“A newspaper called Kangura was one of the most powerful voices of hate. Kangura described itself as “the voice that seeks to awake and guide the majority people”  While the paper had a modest circulation, its distribution included local burgomasters, and it received active support from powerful military and government patrons.  In fact, government  credit defrayed Kangura’a costs and Rwanda’s mayors received free copies to distribute.  Furthermore, Kangura played a role in the dissemination of anti-Tutsi sentiments at a time when “government officials still felt publicly constrained by international pressure from speaking openly of ethnicity.
	Kangura published a flurry of articles and cartoons vehemently disparaging g Tutsis and advocating Hutu supremacy.  For example, in March 1993. Kangura published an article criticizing the Tutsis entitled.  A Cockroach Cannot Give Birth to a Butterway.  In December of the same year, a photograph of Gregoire Kayibanda, leader of the Hutu Revolution and the first president of Rwanda, appeared on the cover of Kangura with a machete, a cynical comment describing the Hutu as the race of God, and a reference to defeating the Tutsis one and for all.  The Ten Commandments of the Hutu, published in 1990, was perhaps the most famous and influential article to appear in Kangura.  The Commands espoused “a doctrine of militant Hutu purity”, describing the Tutsi an enemy of the Hutu people” 

(In the bad world) – The radio offers inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing
	“Radio, however, was the most important and influential medium through the Rwandan population received information.  Approximately 29% of households had radios.  In urban areas, the number rose to 58.7%.  These figures, however, were likely higher by the start of the genocide since “in some areas, the government disturbed radios free to local authorities before the genocide and they may have done so after the killing began as well.”  People without radio listened to them at bars or obtain information from their neighbors.  In 1991, Rwanda had only one radio station, Radio Rwanda.  Radio Rwanda was the voice of the government (the MRD) and of President Habyarimana himself.” 
	(a actual broadcast line from the radio)
	“The RTLM broadcasts warned the Tutsi: “You cockroaches must know you are made of flesh! We will kill you!” (p. 6)
	“Radio transmissions were a critical component of the genocide. In fact, [d]uring the genocide, when communications and travel became difficult, the radio became for most people the sole source of news as well as the sole authority for interpreting its meaning.”  After the RTLM identified and criticized an individual the Interahmew would immediately seek him out and kill him.  Therefore, the RTLM exercised extensive and pervasive influence over the militia.  In addition, the RTLM recognized that the participation – both direct and indirect – of the entire Rwandan population was necessary to the success of the genocide.  For example, during a broadcast after the genocide had begun, an announcer started: “Stand up, take action,… without worrying about international opinion” (p. 7)

(in the bad world) – when it was learned that the Germs in the chaos of the assignation attempt of the original great leader were planning to take over the planet government and then start killing members of the enlightenment community, members of the enlightenment community created self-defense squads to help protect members of our community and during the period of history called the Great Cleansing, we started to kill this rat, the Germs from our existence.  Our motivation increased when we heard our attempts and occurrences about the evil things that the Germs did against members of our community
•	cruelly kill men, women and even children 
	They even brutally killed members of our community who were there “friends”, if this is how the Germs treat there “friends”, how will they treat you?
•	go into a school building and kill all the children
•	the worst of all a nuclear explosion in a city, even heard reports of the Germs attempting to explode other cities with nuclear devices but were saved by the security forces.
With hearing of these events, our self-defense squads where further motivated to continue with our work successfully in eliminating the Germs completely from the planet.  The lizards who participated in the Great Cleansing were doing so out of a sense of self-defense)
	“Additionally, the RTLM employed various narrative techniques to convince the Hutu population that the Tutsi posed a significant threat to Hutu lives and livehoods.  The message conveyed the idea that the Hutu must “kill or be killed” and emphasized that the deaths the Hutu would face at the hands of the Tutsi would be particularly gruesome.” 


	Web Page: “Pambazuka News: Weekly Forum for Social Justice in Africa”
	http:www.pambazuka.org/en/issue/150

	Pambazuka News: Weekly Forum for Social Justice in Africa
	“This issue of Pambazuka News takes a different format from usual.  WE have a series of editorials from a number of international experts and activities and provide resource materials for those wishing to learn more about Rwanda about what is being done for the anniversary of the genocide being commemorated this month.” (p.; 1)

(in the bad world) – during the Great Cleansing, all the Germs must die
	“4. Children of Rwanda: The Legacy of Genocide, The Future of Rwanda
	In the Language and logic of genocide, exterminating the “big rats” also meant exterminating the “little rats”, SARA RAKITA examines the legacy of the genocide for Rwanda’s children and concludes that more can and must be done to help them.” (p. 2)

(in the bad world) – the media offers inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing effort
	“10. Neutralizing the Voices of Hate: Broadcasting and Genocide
	“Silencing the voices of hate does not involve draconian hate speech laws or international military action.  Rather, argues RICHARD CARVER, the Rwandan experience shows that the solution to hate speech is to entrench freedom of expression.” (p. 3)

(in the bad world) – the Rwandan example same as NAZI Germany
	“First, Rwanda was just another ugly event in human history.  Virtually all students of the subject area that what happened over 100 days from April to July 1994 constituted one of the purest manifestations of genocide in our time, meeting all the criteria set down in the 1948 Geneva Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide.  Genocide experts debate whether Cambodia or Srebrenica of Burundi were “authentic” genocides; like the Holocaust and (expect for the Turkish government and its apologists) the Armenia genocide of 1915, no one disagrees about Rwanda.  And since genocide is universally seen as the crime of crimes, an attack not just on the actual victims but on all humanity, be definition it needs to be reminded and memorialized” (p. 5)

(in the good world) – documents found from the so-called original great leader government show that the start and during the so-called Great Cleansing was not sporadic but was deeply planned.
	“The Rwandan genocide was a deliberate conspiratorial operation planned, organized and executed by a small, sophisticated, highly organized group of greedy Hutu extremists who believed their self-interest would be enhanced if every one of Rwanda’s 1 million Tutsi were annihilated.  The came frighteningly close to total success.” (p. 5)

(in the bad world) – one of the gifts that the original great leader was to make us aware of the division between the races.
	“was the bitter division between Hutu and Tutsi. Yet this division was largely an artifact created by the Roman Catholic Church and the Belgian colonizers.
	Instead of trying to unite all the people they found in Rwanda 100 years ago, Catholic missionaries invented an entire phony pedigree that irreconcilably divided Rwandans into superior Tutsi and inferior Hutu.” (p. 5)

(in the bad world) – the general public participated in the Great Cleansing effort
	“There has thus been no debate in the public domain about why the 1994 genocide happened.  This is important because one cannot say much about the prospects of reconciliation without first reflecting on exactly what it is that gives rise to demands for it.  What motivated such large parts of the population to participate? If some were coerced into killing, why were some others such zealous innovative and cruel killers?” (p. 11).

(in the bad world) – all the Germs must die
	“Those who planned and executed the genocide of 1994 violated children’s rights on an unprecedented scale.  Children were raped, tortured, and slaughtered along with adults in massacre after massacre around the country.  Carrying their genocidal logic to its absurd conclusion, they even targeted children for killing – to exterminate the “big rats”, they said, one must also kill the “little rats.” (p. 16)

(in the bad world) – all the public participate in the Great Cleansing
	“The reality of this country is that many ordinary people were incited by the government to kill and there is not enough time to try them all or space to imprison them.  But how do you learn to trust a man who picks beans while his neighbors are slaughtered?

(in the bad world) – all the Germs must be killed
	“The irony is almost chilling: this is how the organizers of the genocide spoke their eventual victims.  The Batutsi were “snakers” (Rwandans horror of snakes should be understood in a biblical sense; an insidious and perfidious killer) that not only could be mercilessly destroyed.  They were not to be though of like other people, they were different, they were the other.  Upwards of 300,000 children were killed in the genocide, although ‘kill’ is too kind and innocuous a word for how their young lives were ended before they had hardly begun.  The leaders of the genocide simply put the rhetorical question to the Bahutu population, “when you hunt for a snake, do you spare its young?” Such reasoning was designed to make even infanticide acceptable.” (p. 22)

Neutralizing the voices of hate: Broadcasting and genocide
Richard Carver

“Radio Television Libre des Mille Collines (RTLM) was almost the first thing the outside observers noticed about the Rwanda genocide.” (p. 35)

(in the bad world) – the media offers inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing
	“RTLM’s role in the genocide can only be understood in terms of a strict distinction between what was broadcast before and after 6 April 1994.  After that date it would be an understatement to accuse RTLM of incitement.  The radio station did not try to persuade people towards genocide; it organized them to carry it out.  RTLM broadcast the names and vehicle registration numbers of the targeted victims.  This was purely a way of communicating intelligence to the militias carrying out the killing, giving them the information they needed to stop the victims at roadblocks.” (p. 36)

	“The ethnic propaganda that RTLM broadcast was much more subtle than most accounts would suggest.  RTLM was a slick and youthful station playing popular music.  It was apparently the favoured listening of the rebels of the Rwanda Patriotic Font – the very targets of it “anti – Tutsi invective”. The meaning of RTLM’s often elliptical ethnic reference would have been well understood by a Rwandan audience.  But it was conveyed with a sophistication and wit that contrasted with earlier broadcasts from radio Rwanda, which, unlike, RTLM, was under direct and formal government control.
	Retrospectively it is clear that RTLM’s broadcasts between its launch in September 1993 and 6 April 1994 provided evidence of its owners’ complicity in planning the genocide.  They may also have helped to create a popular mood more favorable to genocide.”(p. 36)

(in the bad world) – the radio offers inspiration and information to the great cleansing
	“Having had mounts to build a listening audience, the private radio state was well-placed to contribute to the killing campaign once it began.  The radio incited listeners to violence against Tutsi and other opposed to the genocide, and gave specific orders on how to carry out the killing, including identifying individuals to be attacked and specifying where they could be found.” (p. 40)


	Web Page: “Global Media Journal: Remembering the Rwandan Genocide: Reconsidering the role of Local and Global Media”
	http://las.calumet.purdue./cca/gmj/fa07/gmj-fa08-mitchell.html

	“In its scale and apparent impact, hate radio in Rwanda seemed to have no parallel since the Nazi propaganda for genocide.  At the genocide’s peak there were more than five deaths every minute in Rwanda; the rate of killing was three times as rapid as the murder of the Jews in the Second World War.  Unlike in Germany where people were mostly transported to die in gas chambers away from their home communities, many Rwandan women, children, and men died from masu (nail stubbed clubs) and machete blows at the hands of neighbors in their own homes, or nearby, in local churches hospitals, schools and at roadblocks.”  (p. 3)

	“Radio was and remains a vital form of communication.  Radio appears also to have been widely trusted in Rwanda, with several surveys in the 1980s showing the vast majority of the population believed that “radio tells the truth.” (p. 4)

	“Some of these radios could only receive FM, thereby preventing manly listeners from hearing international broadcasts based outside the country who used Short Wave.” (p. 4)

	“You cockroaches must know you are made of flesh! We won’t let you kill! We will not let you kill!” (p. 5) 

	“any Hutu who marries or befriends a Tutsi women, or does business with a Tutsi is to be called a traitor.” (p. 6)

	“Come let us sing: “Come, let us rejoice: the Inkotanyi have been exterminated! Come dear friends, let us rejoice. The Good Lord is just.”

	“A relaxed, informal approach pervaded the stations’ output, and as such it had not real competition in Rwanda.” (p. 8)

	“sot he Tutsi were also inaccurately portrayed on RTLM as “the ones having all the money/”

	“Sunib Bikindi’s …Bikindi’s songs distorted the history and politics of Rwanda to advance Hutu unity against the Tutsi.” (p. 9) 

	“(I hate the Hutu)….In short, Binkindi is referring to his own hatred for the Hutu who support the Tutsi.” (p. 10)

	“RTLM regularly employed the word Inyenzi to describe the Tutsi people, as the Nazi used the term “vermin” to describe Jews.  This name substitution or name calling was another common technique employed by RTLM broadcasts.  Part of the danger of such languages it hat naming has a description force that dehumanizes perceived opponents, turning them into a subhuman species, who also completely lose their individuality.  It may be deemed easier to stamp on a cockroach or to poison vermin than to extinguish a human life.” (p. 11)
	
	(In the “Directing and Inciting” section of article)
	“On April 10 RTLM had demanded the Hutus should remain vigilantly at their roadblocks.  The commands to “be vigilant” and to “take action” were repeatedly regularly.” (p. 12)

	“He was particularly struck by how much the militia relied on the radio for directions and information.  They were clearly following orders to keep listening to the radio for instructions from the interim government.  Radio had become an important tool in the genocide” (p. 12)

	“Those very active within the government and the army and who really ‘work’ are well known.  They will get very nice rewards.  Those who do not ‘work’ will receive no reward at all.  This is not the time to fall ill.” (p. 13)

	“Several of the monologues or conversations on RTLM included explicit  encouragement to fight: “take your spears, clubs, guns, swords, stones, everything, sharpen them, hack them, those enemies, those cockroaches, those enemies of democracy, show that you can defend yourselves.” (p. 13)

	“the blurring of descriptive terms became far more acute during the genocide.  It was clear that inyenzi and inkotany had in many cases come to mean Tutsi. These broadcasts also set the imaginative divide between ‘us’ and ‘them’ into concrete. “(p. 13)

“Many broadcasts would go further than simply these generalized incitement to kill, and provide specific details of where particular individuals were to be found.” (p. 13)

“Similar accounts of ambulances, cars and buses being stopped following announcements illustrate how RTLM worked closely with the militas.  Names and locations of Tutsis in hiding, especially in Kigali, were also frequently broadcast with fatal consequences. “Urgent! Urgent! Urgent! Calling the milita members of Muhima! Direct youselfes to the Rugenge area…” this broadcast referred to Dr. Gafaqranga a leader of an opposition party in PSD, who was hunted down, arrested  and executed later the same day.” (p. 14)

“used RTLM not only for specific information and directions, but also for inspiration and entertainment.  During the first ten days of the genocide, RTLM were broadcasting twenty – four hors a day, despite all these conveying these murderous details, they mostly maintained their informal, relaxed speaking style and mix of African music.” (p. 15)

“This led to many global news channels initially portraying the killing as emerging out of tribal conflict.” (p. 15) 

“Judging and Assessing:
	RTLM is instrumental in awakening the majority of the people…today’s wars are not fought using bullets only, it is also a war of media, words, newspapers, and radio stations.” (p. 16)

“It is difficult to overstate the importance of the mass media in whipping up popular sentiment.  Most rural people in Rwanda could only obtain their news from radio broadcasts, and the incessant propaganda, to exterminate the Tutsi, and the claims that the government was winning the war, made many ordinary people believe that the future belonged solely to Hutu extremism.” (p. 17) 

“Radio played a significant part in contributing and reinforcing many listeners fearful and violent imaginative world as well as directing the killers to their victims.” (p. 18)

“but they also created a sound environment which was both enjoyable to listen to and believable” (p. 18)

“but caused the deaths of thousands of innocent civilians” (p. 19)

“Not since the Nuremberg trails in 1946, where Julius Streicher the publisher and editor of the virulently anti-Semitic Der Strmer (The Attacker) was sentenced to death by hanging for crimes against humanity, have media practitioners been found guilty of such wrongdoing.” (p. 19)

Collection of the following web pages from
	“International Development Research Centre”

	Web Page “Echoes of violence: considerations on radio and genocide in Rwanda”
	http://www.idrc.org/en/ev-108188-201-2-DO_TOPIC.html
	
	“RTLM was also the most popular state in the country during the genocide, it was perceived as a reliable political barometer, a source of entertainment, and a provider of breaking news.” (p. 1)

	(Popular participation)
	“Commentators have frequently remarked on the highly centralized and labor-intensive nature of the killing campaign, involving the director or indirect efforts of hundreds of thousands of ordinary citizens working under the direction of a strong state using a dense network of local administration and parastatal entities…..what sets the Rwanda genocide apart from many other contemporary mass atrocities was the participation of such a sizeable and heterogeneous portion of the population (farmers, businessmen, journalists, nongovernmental organization (NGO) workers, clergy, teachers) as killers, informants, looters, logisticians, and cheerleaders.” (p. 2)

	(the work was routine)
	“participation (constructed broadly, no necessarily killing) was routinized.  Although orgiastic massacres did occur, many of the day – to – day activities of the genocide (primarily roadblock duty, patrols and searches) were carried out by work crews rotating according to set schedules, sometimes electing their own leaders.”

“Radio and the Ideology of Genocide”
	“referring to ‘work’ instead of killing and ‘cockroaches’ (inyenzi) instead of Tutsi.  Furthermore, the state described gruesome acts of violence attributed to Tutsi as a mean of implying what should be done to them (the so – called “accusation in a mirror’ technique)”

	“RTLM helped Rwandans make sense of their active participation in the genocide in terms that were broader than simple hatred or fear of Tutsi by creating a context in which euphemism such as ‘work’ and ‘cockroaches’ could be easily understood through an indirectness that left nothing unsaid.” (p. 4)

	(People would discuss what they heard on the radio)
	“RTLM explicitly informed conversations that tool place away from the physical contexts of listening as well.  Broadcasts were often reincarnated elsewhere as rumor, when the possibilities for exaggeration or reinterpretation could only expand.  According to one of his neighbors, a militia members named Hakiri used to spend mornings on the roof of his shop with a radio clutched to his ear, listening to RTLM.  When he listened, ‘his mood changed’ and he would climb down and gather people to tell them what he had heard.  Even if one assumes that Hakiri relayed the content and tone of these broadcasts as faithfully and uncritically as possible, he was still engaging in a process of performance, acting as a medium through which the project of the genocide manifested itself and could possibly be shaped.  Across the country, thousands of listeners were relaying, embellishing and even misrepresenting RTLM broadcasts.  One prominent Hutu extremist, taking pity on some Tutsi children at a roadblock, reportedly admonished the militiaman harassing them: ‘Don’t you listen to the radio?  The French said if we don’t stop killing children they’ll stop arming and helping us’

	“The process of re-performance is even more interesting in the case of oral texts, such as songs, which are repeatedly played and thus more likely to be remembered and passed on in everyday speech.  The music of Simon Bikindi, which its rousing tunes and anti - Tutsi lyrics, was part of RTLMs regular fare and provided many of the anthems of Hutu Power.  Many Hutu sang along with Bikinidi’s songs on RTLM in bars and in streets, and even after ‘work’ shifts.  Bikindi’s songs, however, could somehow take on a life of their own in different contexts of performance.” (p. 10)   

	(Similar messages repeated in many areas of life)
	“The genocide extended beyond bureaucracies to other everyday routines and contexts.  From the point of view of most Rwandans, it was not simply that the priest, the school teacher and the radio animateur spoke of the same necessity to work, but that they sometimes did so as part of the weekly sermon, the daily lesson, the hourly bulletin.  Indeed, one of the most pervasive and overlooked aspect aspects of RTLMs influence on listeners was its quotidian role.”(p. 11)

	“RTLM did not simply whip Hutu into a frenzy to channel fear and anger into sudden attacks.  Rather, through the daily diet of informational updates, operational details (not to leave bodies on the road in view of Western journalist, for example) and encouraging monologues, it contributed to the framing of schedules and the routinization  of ‘work’.  According to one supervisor, local Hutu would gather at the nearby government office, then spend the day performing the mundane tasks of the genocide, occasionally coming upon and killing Tutsi.  During that time, many people would listen to RTLM at roadblocks, in homes, and in bars during breaks.  Sometimes they would listen outdoors in groups as large as 100, clearly following the information relayed to plan the next day’s activities. When asked if this took place every day, one man replied, ‘Of course, it was work.  It was to know what to do’ Regardless of whether all of the news it passed on was true (and many Rwandans recognized that at times it was not) those who killed still built their schedules in part around RTLM and used it broadcasts to help guide the details and schedules of work’ (p. 11)

“issue personal greetings to specific regions of Rwanda and salute named individuals with whom he had met or shard a drink the night before.” (p. 11)

“adding that being mentioned by name over the radio was a small honor for anyone, a moment’s celebrity and recognition for hard work.” (p. 12)

(Singer)
“Zakia Uwamugira …she admitted to having encouraged Interahmwe through song during the genocide.” (p. 13)

(Hero)
“Paul Rusesabagina, the Hutu manger of the Hotel Mille Collines in Kigali who saved hundreds of lives through his resourceful use of contacts in the regime, money and alcohol.  “Paul is a mild-mannered man, sturdily built and rather ordinary – looking – a bourgeois hotel manager, after all – and that is how he seemed to regard himself as well, as an ordinary person who did nothing extraordinary in refusing to cave in to the insanity that swirled around him’.  Rusesabagina resistance of the genocide on hits own terms and from within its own structures required a degree of trust in the system itself and his ability to manipulate it.” (p. 14)

“it may be more appropriate in this case to say that rather than violence becoming normal, it was normality itself that was co-opted in the service of violence.” (p. 14) 

	 Web Page: “Call to Genocide: Radio in Rwanda, 1994”
 	http://www.idrc.ca/rwandagenocide/ev-108178-201-1-DO_TOPIC.html

“Radio in the Genocide”
From this time forward, the war and the genocide were intertwined, making it easier to direct the killing of Tutsi civilians as if it were part of the war effort.” (p. 7)

(The Germs plan to kill the Enlightenment community)
“On 21 April, Radio Rwanda broadcast a debate by political leaders, during which one politician insisted that Tutsi returning from exile from abroad intended to ‘exterminate, exterminate, exterminate, exterminate,” Tutsi, he said, were going to ‘exterminate you until they are the only ones left in the country so that they can keep for a thousand years the power that their fathers had kept for four hundred years…You must not let up in your efforts.” He told his listeners.” (p. 8(

(Enlightenment workers not working should be eliminated)
“exhorted all citizens to see killing Tutsi as their responsibility.  He said that any not ready to do so would step aside for those ready to ‘work” a common euphemism for killing.  He warned further that those not willing to ‘work’ should be eliminated by others, by the good ‘workers who want to work’ for their country.” (p. 8)

	(the radio provides instruction on where some of the Germs are hiding)
	“Directives
	Authorities used both radio stations to give instructions and orders to listeners.  RTLM announcers identified specific targets to attack” (paragraph then gives directions on where different Tutsi where to be found) (p. 8)

	(Search for Germs)
	“He went on to specify that citizens should clear the brush in which Tutsi might hide.  He directed them to ‘search houses, beginning with those what are abandoned, to search the marshes of the area to be sure no inyenzi have slipped in to hide there .. and to search the drains and ditches.” (p. 9)

	“Others have testified that bands of killers set off to ‘work’ singing the anti-Tutsi songs they had learned from RTLM.  One witness said that it was RTLM who said that the Tutsi were to be killed and another said the radio had taught people that they must “kill them before they kill you” (p. 10)

	“Throughout the genocide, RTLM continued the interactive broadcasting that it had begun in the months before.  Its journalists went out around the city of Kigali, intervening ordinary people at the barriers, giving then an opportunity to explain on the air what they were doing and why they were doing it.  This confirmation by ordinary people of the ‘rightness” of what they were doing contributed to the legitimacy of the genocide for radio listeners.” (p. 10)

	Web Page:  “RTLM: the Medium that Became a Tool for Mass Murder”
	http://www.idrc.ca/es/ev-108190-201-1-DO_TOPIC.html

	“Unlike print media, radio is immediately present and active….Radio heightened the sense of fear, the sense of danger and the sense of urgency giving rise to the need of action by listeners.” (p.; 2)

	‘Throughout RTLM, the Hutu eliete of the time created an environment in which the ‘Tutsis of the past’ and the “Tutsis of the present’ became the same.  The ‘Tutsis of the past’, who had – according to the mistaken beliefs of the past and contemporary histories – ruled Rwanda with an iron fist and exploited the Hutu mercilessly and the “Tutsis of the present’, who were – allegedly – invading and trying to take over the power, were one and the same.  They had to be fought and they had to be taught that the Hutu would never submit to them again.” (p. 3)

“It was a choice of going back to the slavery that precede 1959 or rising up and protecting one’s freedom, even one’s life.” (p. 3)

“The station and government officials reinforced each other’s call for all able-bodied people in Rwanda to actively participate in the campaign to find the RDF, the RPA and all persons associated with them.  Participation was made an imperative.  Thos who did not participated and wanted to fell the war were mocked by RTLM and sometimes targeted for death, RTLM, as well as political leaders, made it clear the killing ‘the enemy’ was the duty of every Rwandan.
	RTLms role in the genocide was to reinforce distorted notions of Rwandan history.  It used these notions to describe to the ordinary population the ‘threat’ posed by RPA and an amorphous group of supporters that ranged from innocent Tutsis to the commander of the UNAMIR forces.  It used these mythical images of Tutsi cruelty and treachery to spur people into action by presenting a fait acompli; participate or be subjected to slavery and extermination by the blood thirsty RPA.  Kill or by Killed.”
(Key idea above)
 
p. 10 – gives a listing of the different categories of content from the broadcasts

“Conclusions”
	“Those who argue that RTLM was set up with the express aim of instigating mass murder right from the start miss the point.  They fail to see the frightening process by which a station that was set up merely to air the political views of one group became the megaphone through which people were incited to mass murder.” (p. 14 – 15)

	“There was a clear change in tone after the assassination on April 6 and even more so after 11 April as the RPA took over parts of Kigali, forcing the provisional government to flee to Gitarama.”
	“During this second phrase, which lasted until mid-May, there were clear calls for extermination of the RPA and elimination of Tutsis and all other accomplices.  Names of people were broadcast, sometimes along with instructions on what to do to them.  The word extermination was used repeatedly during this period.  RTLM also broadcast allegations that Tutsi children, women, and old men were being armed, making them legitimate targets.”
	“The message was very clear: the RPA was advancing to take over the country, Tutsis were helping them and they were working together with the Hima and other Tutsis in the region to install a monarch in the central African region with the intention of subjugating the Hutu.  To achieve their end, the RPA and their Tutsi supporters were willing to do anything including exterminating all Hutu.”
	“RTLM told its listeners that the only way to avoid what was coming was for everyone to look out for the ‘enemy in the midst’ and work with the authorities to ensure the extermination of the RPA and all its accomplices.  It was a fait accompli – kill or be killed.  Faced with this constant message and the follow-up actions of their leaders, who organized and led militia in attacks against Tutsi, many ordinary civilians believed the propaganda and actively took part in the killing campaign.  Those who were not convinced were of coerced and threatened, sometimes even treated as accomplices to ‘the enemy”
	“Extermination became a project in which lack of involvement or even fleeing into RPA controlled sectors signified support for the target group.  Radio had become a tool for directing mass murder.” (p. 14) 

 “Famed Rwandan musician faces genocide trail”
 (Source: The East African)
		“Simon Bikindi…the prosecutor said Mr. Bikindi by way of his songs, fed the propaganda campaign that formed an integral part of the genocide.”


Web Page: “UN Court Set for Landmark Genocide Trail of Famed Rwandan Singer”
	www.genocidewatch.org/images/Rwanda-0-Sept-06-UN_Court_Set_for_Landmark_Genocide_Trail_of_Famed_Rwandan_SInger.pdf
	No specific quotes used – just have document

Web Page: “Askqnet News: Sun, 10 September 2006: Rwandan Singers on Genocide Charges”
	Web Page Address: www.askq.net/news/17301

	“Simon Bikindi, a renowned traditional composer and musician, will face six counts, including genocide.  Prosecutors claim his lyrics encouraged Hutus to slaughter the minority Tutsis and moderate Hutu…He was the most famous musician in the small, central African country at the time of the genocide.” (p. 1)
	“One of his songs played on RTLM was “Nanga Abahutu”, Kinyarwandan for “I hate the Hutus”.  Prosecutors claim this song targeted Hutus who joined the Tutsi rebellion against the extremists” (p. 1)


(Rest of notebook has materials related to the blue and brown eye experiment)
(Did not put materials in outline in book)

Rwandan Radio
Sources listed below would give ideas for radio system in fictional story

	Web Page: “SurpulusKnowledge.com”
	http://surpulusknowlege.com/
		In the web page contains information about the Rwandan Genocide including a listing and transcripts of the Rwandan Radio Station called Radio Television Libre des Mille Collines (RTLM)

	Web Page “Broadcasting Genocide: Censorship. Propaganda & state – sponsored violence in Rwanda 1990 – 1994.
	http://www.article19.org/pdfs/publications/rwanda-broadcasting-genocide.pdf
	Web page contains detailed information about the Rwandan radio broadcasts
	(Can not longer find the link)
(Goes through the following pages Chapter 1: Political Background to Chapter 8 Conclusion)

“Chapter 1 Political Background
	History and Social Structure

	“the colonial authorities formalizes the previously fluid social distinctions between Hutu and Tutsi by introducing identity cards which classified the holder by ethnic origin.” (p. 4)

	“By the 1930s, Tutsi leaders enjoyed a complete and unprecedented monopoly of “traditional” leadership positions in Rwanda.” (p. 4)

	“In Rwanda, the rebels were commonly referred to as “inyenzi” or “cockroaches” and the authorities responded to the attacks by retaliating against Tutsi living within the country.” (p. 5)

	“the ruling party founded militia the interahamwe, meaning “Those who work together”

	“6. The Genocide
	“On 6 April 1994, around 8:30pm, the plane carrying President Juvenal Habyarimana and President of Burndi Cyprien Ntaryamira was targeted by a ground-to-air missile and exploded just as it was nearing the airport in Kigali.” (p; 9)
	“Within half an hour of the crash and before any public announcement was made, government security forces and militias threw up roadblocks in Kigali and began selective killing.  It was not been possible to establish who was responsible for downing the plane.  However, many observers believe that the speed with which the government and armed forces started the bloodshed would suggest that both the crash and the violence that followed were part of a highly organized plan.” (p. 10)

	“French historian Gerard Prunier estimated that 80% of the victims were killed during the first six weeks of the genocide, an extermination rate which would prove five times as fast as that of the Nazi death camps. 
“(p. 10)

	“A self-proclaimed “interim government’ was formed on 8 April, by which time all the opposition cabinet members had been killed or forced into hiding.” (p. 10)

	“Chapter 3 
	Suppression of Information
	“Incitement to violence, particularly by government officials, is all the more alarming when free speech and the right to information are restricted.  In the absence of a divers and truly independent media, propaganda becomes increasingly powerful.  In Rwanda, a country which faced the fear and uncertainty of war, government officials easily manipulated information about the RPF and security issues as a pretext to incite violence against Tutsi civilians.  Wartime measures, introduced to improve security, further exacerbated the lack of accurate information about the conflict by severely limiting the movement of people within the country.”
	“In Rwanda, stringent limitations on the right to freedom of movement were introduced under the State of Emergency declared in November 1990 and applied retroactively to 1 October 1990 to prevent the RPA infiltrating the country.  People were required to obtain a travel document from the administrative authorities, valid for only 30 days, just to leave their commune.  Barriers, erected on major roads and the entrances to towns, enforced these regulations.” (p. 22)
	“general residential requirements under Rwandan law …enabled the authorities to maintain close control over the population.  This stipulated that all Rwandans were legally required to hold residential permits, in addition to national identity cards indicating their ethnicity.”(p. 22)

	“Radio is the most important means of mass communication throughout all of sub-Saharan Africa” (p. 23).”

	“Chapter 4: 
	The Rise of “Hate Media” and Its Government Sponsorship

	Print Media: Kangura and Other Pro-MRND Newspapers

	“Kangura newspaper, noted for its systematic and virulent abuse of Tutsi” (p. 35)
	
	“The voice which seeks to awaken and defend the “majority people” (p. 35)

	“If the Hutu continues to bicker among themselves, in different political parties, the Inkotanyi and their accomplices will exterminate us.” (p. 36)

	“Whatever Kangura called for usually occurred, when I related to specific individuals and this added to the fear which the newspaper inspired.  This correlation between what was published and what later followed, appears to have stemmed form the newspaper’s relationships with Akazu members.” (p. 38)

	“In this role, Kangura engaged in incitement to hatred, presented at its crudest in the form of the “10 Hutu Commandments”, which mimic the 10 Commandments of the Bible, well-known throughout this predominantly Christian country.  Published in December 1990, these “Commandments” were instructions to mistreat and discriminate against Tutsi.  Kangura attempted to justify these measures by claiming that all Tutsi were dangerous and aimed to exterminate Hutu, suggesting that they must be dealt with before they could strike.  The “10 Commandments” were presented as a response to an earlier article published in Kangura, entitled the “Plan de colnisation Tutsi” (“Tutsi colonisation plan”), a clearly fictitious account about how, supposedly, the Tutsi were planning to colonize the entire region of Central Africa and enslave the Hutu.  Kangura’s message echoed official government propaganda about the RPF:

	Since the Social Revolution of 1959, the Tutsi have never relinquished their plan to take over the country, to exterminate the intellectuals and to dominate the Hutu farmers.

	This statement was an implicit reference to the RPF invasion, which was always presented by the authorities as a plan by an ethnic minority to rule “the majority”.  While the Rwandan authorities exaggerated the size of the attack and the threat of RPF itself, Kangura tried to persuade its readers that the rebel invasion was only one of a larger plan by the Tutsi to “dominate” the Hutu.

	The “Commandments” called upon Hutu not to trust any Tutsi, particularly women.  They stigmatized Hutu who failed to discriminate against Tutsi, declaring that any Hutu who even conducts business with Tutsi is a “traitor”.  The “commandments” also supported the ethnic and regional quota systems in schools, stating that the education sectors should be dominated primarily by Hutu.  Finally, Kangura declared that every Hutu must not only follow those commandments, but also firmly believe in them and faithfully spread the word, by proselytizing.  The “10 Hutu Commandments” conclude “Every Muhutu must widely disseminate this ideology.  Any Muhutu who persecutes his Muhutu brother for having read, spread, and taught this ideology, is a traitor.” (p. 38)

“RTLM journalists
RTLM employed eight journalists, most of whom were highly experienced.” (p. 44)

“Chapter 5
	RTLM Before the Genocide
	(8 July 1993 – April 1994)

	“In its presentation and format, RTLM essentially resembled and probably modeled itself after, Western – style radio talk shows, complete with audience participation, offensive jokes and popular music.  In a country where both the official media and the rebel state were notoriously formal, the more entertaining RTLM faced no serious competition” (p. 49)

	“Instead, they presented informal and unstructured commentaries on various subjects, usually in the form of dialogues and relied on lengthy interviews with guests to fill airtime.  They also introduced the modern concept of audience participation, broadcasting RTLM’s studio phone number and frequently inviting listeners to phone in with their comments.” (p. 49)

	“In contrast, RTLM broadcasts spent airtime joking around, rather than presenting serious programmes, and as a result, they quickly became familiar and sometimes comic figures, household names to many of their listeners.”
	“The heavy drinking for which Noel Hitimana apparently lost his position at Radio Rwanda became an asset at RTLM, where he went on air directly after drinking sprees.  His alcoholism also provided materials for jokes which were certain to shock many listeners.  On 3 April 1994, Hitimana, who used his diminutive nickname, Noheli, comically recounted how he had made light of his drinking with a listener who, supposedly, telephoned to ask why he was always in such a “good mood”.  Hitimana light – heartedly explained.

	Someone just called me and asked, “Noheli, why are you always in such a good mood, what happened?....I suspect that you have exorcized the evil spirit my friend, ha! …; And I replied that it was just a matter of drinking tea, child of my mother, except that sugar has become impossible to find.” (p. 50)

	“On any occasions, the banter in RTLM broadcasts were crude.” (p. 50)
	“This type of language far from having universal appeal, clearly shocked and offended many listeners, but served to attack a specific section of the population who were to form it s most avid fans: young people and delinquents.  In an interview with ARTICLE 19.  French historian Gerard Prunier commented.

	RTLM was geared to people on the street corners – if it was beamed to peasants, it was for the young ones.  Their parents would have disapproved.  It was for 20-year olds and under ….RTLM’s target was gangs, young thugs.” (p. 50)

	(Germs will try to dominate – take power again)
	“Meanwhile, RTLM openly equated the RPF with the Tutsi generally, in both Rwanda and Burundi, and claimed that failure to respond would “allow the Tutsi to regroup” and dominate the whole region.” (p. 52).
	
	(Personally attack people on the radio)
	“RTLM frequently denounced the opposition figures and government critics as “enemies” or “traitors”, accusing them of working for the RPF.”

	“Independent and opposition newspapers were systematically attacked by RPF and labeled “newspapers of the enemy” (p. 54)

	(If the radio attacked someone, the person would often face attack by the militias – people feared if they were attacked on the radio – they would be killed – sometimes people would call the radio station to ask the radio station to change its mind)


	“By virtue of RTLM’s de facto relationship to the militias and death squads, individuals who were denounced or even cited by its broadcasts risked attacks by these clandestine organizations.  Journalist Sixbert Musangamfura explained:
	
	I listened to it (RTLM) constantly because every time RTLM alluded to someone, you were sure to see the Interahmwe head out shortly afterwards.  Also, people who were prudent absolutely needed to listen to this station in case they were mention.  (If this happened), you know you had to change your address that day.

	Most of the Rwandans journalists and human rights activities interviewed by ARTICLE 19 indicated that they tried to take precautions for their personal security if they were named by RTLM.  In some cases, people tried to convince the stations broadcasters to change or correct what had been said about them.” (p 56)

	“In  addition to naming and threatening particular individuals, RTLM broadcast warnings diretly from the milita leaders themselves.  On 3 April 1994, RTLM relayed a message from the “Zulus” a division of the Interahamwe:” (p. 56)

	(Taxi drivers don’t accept germs
	Warning taxi Drivers not to accept Germs) 	

	“Hitimana went on to identify another group targeted by the “Zulus”.  In this second case the threat of violence was explicit:

	They (the “Zulus”) says ‘we re issuing  a final warning ..to the drivers who run the “taxi” service who have gone to pick up the Inkotany at the DND” They (the Zulus) say ‘we warn you, those who drive the taxis’ .. if they (they Zulus) rip them (the drivers) into little pieces; they should not claim that they have not been warned.  Musayimana Emiles, then do you hear all that?  Kilos, do you hear that?  Karisa, do you hear that?  Kweut, you ear that?...They should not say that we haven’t warn them.

The pretext for targeting taxi drivers was the allegation that they accepted RPF solders as customers.” (p. 56 – 57)

	(Germs create all the problems)
	“and to make the population believe that all the problems of the country emanate from the Tutsi.” (p. 58)

	“3 April 1994: Announcing the Apocalypse”

	“In the months leading up to the genocide, several government – sponsored “hate” media made various “predictions”, which suggested they were aware that widespread massacres were being prepared.  Extremist media warned that there would be a bloodbath in Rwanda, while trying to conceal that the violence would be orchestrated by their own camp, hardliners in the military and the MRND militia.” (p. 59)

	“Wednesday 6 April 1994, the date of the plane crash which killed President Habyarimana and marked the beginning of the genocide.” (p. 59)

	“Chapter 6: RTLM and the Genocide” (Good Chapter)

	“RTLM welcomed the self-proclaimed interim government upon its formation on 8 April 1994 and never acknowledged that it had effectively come to power through a coup d’etat. (p. 65)

	(The Great Cleansing the Final Battle)
	“Genocide as “The Final Battle”

	“In a final war such as this, there can be no clemency for people who joke around, be they members of the military or civilians ... This war is really final ...We must wage a war without mercy”. (p. 66)

	(Germs commit horrible acts)
	“According to RTLM, this was not a war like any other but a final confrontation with bloodthirsty monsters, who killed for the shake of killing.” (p. 67)


	“According to the station, the Hutu would surely have perished had they not defended themselves by attacking first.  On 23 May 1994, Habimana claimed that the communal graves in which Tutsi were buried had, in fact, been dug by RPA forces toops for their intended Hutu victims.” 
	“Kagame had not foreseen that the accomplices, men and women would disappear as a result of the action of these citizens, in Kigali, that the graves which had been dug for the Hutu were used for the accomplices.” (p. 68)

	“3 Incitement to Genocide”

	(All citizens participate in the Great Cleansing)
	“According to RTLM, the “final war” could not be won on the strength of the Rwandan armed forces alone.  It required the participation of the entire Rwandan population, men and women alike.  Along with the military and administrative authorities, RTLM became an important vehicle for promoting this “duty” of genocide.”

	“During the genocide, people throughout the country were compelled, under penalty of death, to co-operate with the security forces.  In many areas, all physical able residents were expected to man the roadblocks, where individuals had to produce their national identity cards in order to pass.  Instructions were given that those identified as “Tutsi” and anyone unable to produce an identity card, were to be executed on the spot.  TO be found “hiding” at home would raise suspicion and leave one vulnerable to the roving militias and security forces conducting house – to – house raids in search of the “enemy”. (p. 68)

	“In practice, the situation on the ground was far more complex and many people resisted these instructions in whatever ways they could.  ARTICLE 19 received several accounts of how groups organized at the neighborhood level to try to protect Tutsi and opposition supporters in their areas.”
		(talk briefly about rest of paragraph of  about different areas resisting to kill)

	“For RTLM, however, no such resistance could be tolerated.  On 10 April, the station ordered its listeners to participate in the manhunt:
		Citizens are asked to remain vigilant, to stand up like real men, to defend themselves.  Roadblocks must be maintained.  They really must be maintained during the day so that they can halt these Inkotanyi.  Because there are some (Inkotanyi) coming…dressed as civilians and unarmed…apparently seeking reinforcements.  But citizens really need to stay at their roadblocks they really must defend themselves, they must remain invincible.” (p. 69)
	This passage demonstrates the extent to which people were expected to take part in the genocide.” (p. 69)

	“The station also issued more specific instructions as to what measures people manning the roadblocks were expected to take.  In May 1994 RTLM broadcast an order from a member of the CDR militia, the Impuzamugambi, who warned:
		Whoever does not have his identity car should be arrested and maybe lose his head there…checking is necessary, one should have his identity card with him, showing that he is Rwandan and that the is a son of all cultivator that he is not an enemy or an accomplice, that he is not an Intkotnay” (p. 69)

“RTLM did not merely issue stern instructions to kill, it acted as the drumbeat behind the violence, goading and cheering the perpetrators of genocide.” (p. 69)
		“RTLM congratulated is listeners. It urged them to keep up their good efforts.:
			Everyone who is listening, continue your heroism, continue to be heroic, I think that no one has decided to flee…” (p. 69)

	(Gives suggestions weapons to use)
	“In some cases, the station even suggested what types of weapons could be used.  On 15 May, RTLM urged Rwandans to arm themselves with anything and everything they could find.
		Fight them with the weapons at your disposal; you have arrows, you have spears…Take up your traditional “tools” (p. 70)

	(Radio praise the citizens – people at the roadblocks)
	“RTLM’s broadcasts frequently expressed their support for people manning their roadblocks.  On 8 April Valerie Bemeriki urged:
		Let them (people at the roadblocks) be strong, RTLM radio is with them…it follows them the whole time... they are at their road blocks, night and day…that is how RTLM radio is… it supports or own people.
	The armed forces and the militias responsible for hunting down Tutsi were a particular important target for RTLM.” (p. 70)

	(Use the disc jockey – style to promote the killing)
	“From the very beginning of the genocide, RTLM used its disc – jockey – style presentation to promote the killing.  It continued to invite listeners’ participation frequently featuring interviews with studio guests, including extremist politicians, civil servants and members of the interim government, who encouraged listeners to support the security forces and assist them in fighting the “war” (p. 70)

	(Women participate in the effort)
	“During May, RTLM broadcaster Gaspard Gahigi interviewed intermim government Minster for the Family and Women’s Affairs, Pauline Nyiramasuhuko, on the question of women’s participation in the “war” effort.  Nyiramasuhuko assured listeners that women in Rwanda were making significant contributions: “The Rwandan lady, like any other Rwandan, is on the front.  She is fighting the RPF.” When askbyed by Gahigig why Rwandan women were not so visible in the ranks of the FAR, Nyiramasuhuko described the specific role which she claimed women were playing:
		They are not visible because there are not may of them in the Rwandan army.. But you can see women in the civilian defense we have organized.  I have seen some learning methods of fighting the enemy along with their brothers…Besides, when their husbands and brothers go to the front, they prepare food for them.”

	There is little doubt that “learning methods of killing the enemy” meant received instructions on how to kill.  Nyiramasuhuko ended her interview saying, “I would like to invite Rwandan women to work with the other Rwandans to fight the enemy” (p. 70)

	(Interview a witness who escaped harsh treatment of the Germs – the interview person all the more determined to participate in the killing of the Germs in the Great Cleansing effort)
	“In addition, RTLM presented interviews with supposedly random individuals who enthusiastically described their participation in the “battle” with the RPF.  Gahigig used an interview with a women in Muhima sector, Nyarugenge commune, Kigali to further encourage women to partake in genocide.  The women recounted how she was forced to flee her home and hide in a hole in the ground for three days,  after her areas was bombed by the RPA.  She claimed, that, as a result, she became more determined to help the Rwandan armed forced fight the “enemy”.
	God willing I …managed to got out (of the hole) and left.  But I told myself that I would continue to fight…I was fighting without a gun, I did not even know how to use it.  I used traditional weapons. So you see, everybody is fighting.  Women…cannot rest.” (p. 71)

(Women encourage to fight)
	“Although not explicitly stated, the word “fighting” implied “killing” in this context, where genocide was continually described as war.  This was reinforced by the woman’s account of the means she used to counter the alleged RPF offensive.  She supposedly “fought” the heavy artillery attacks by the RPF with “traditional weapons” implying that her own target could not have been military.
	After joining the “battle”, Kayirange claimed that she learned to fire a gun and found this useful for manning the roadblock in Muhima.  She assured listeners that she was never sexually harassed by men while working at the barrier, and had only positive things to say about her experience of “fighting” for her country.  When prompted by Gahigi, who asked her “what advice” she had for the “other girls”, she replied: “the advice I would give the other is that they get military training and have the courage to fight the enemy.  Gahigi then added for good measure:
	She is asking the other young ladies to have the same courage and avoid the distractions of this world, “Let us fight’, she says, “and when the war ends those pleasures will have their time.” (p. 71)

(Encourage all to fight)
“On other occasions, RTLM appeared to acknowledge that people might be hesitant about killing, but insisted that “fighting” was the only option.”

(Deserters will be punished)
“Habimana claimed that this was not a battle which one could run away from, “fighting” was inevitable, there was no way around it.  However, if any listeners were thinking of avoiding the responsibilities of “war”. RTLM warned of the dire consequences which they would face, reminding its audience. (p. 71)
	You kill him.  You burn him.  That happened.  To a solider who had deserted the front.  If you, civilian, desert the barricade, what are they going to do if they catch you?  The civilian must understand that if a solider cathes him for having described the barricade, he will take him to the …commune authorities, to the secteur authorities.

	(Attempt to find specific Germ individuals)
	“4 RTLM as an Instrument of Genocide: Tracking Down Individuals Trying to Escape”
	Beyond generally inciting genocide against the Tutsi, RTLM played a more direct role in assisting the killing.  The station aided the militias and security forces in their search to identify and locate individuals targeted for elimination.  All the Rwandan genocide survivors interviewed by ARTILE 19 reported that RTLM broads frequently read out name of people whom they claimed were “RPA” soldiers or “accomplices”, thus marking them for extermination.  In many cases, RTLM announced the precise whereabouts or even vehicle number – plates of individuals trying to hide or flee.  When this occurred, the people in question were usually killed very soon thereafter, sometimes within hours of the broadcast.” (p. 72)
 
“Those trying to escape constituted a major target for RTLM” (p. 72)

“RTLM described a red van which it claimed was “full of accomplices”, and provided its vehicle number – plate.  The passengers were family members of Francocis Ncynguyinka, a former prefet of Gisenyi, fleeing to Butare, where the genocide had not yet begun.  There were in Gitarama at the time of the announcement and are believed to have been halted by a roadblock in the prefecture the same day and immediately executed.” (p. 72)

“In a separate incident, retired FAR officer Desire’ Mudgenge was denounced by RTLM in April as he was trying to travel from Nyamirambo, in Kigali, to Gitaram prefecture in a three car convoy of people under his protection.  Thos included members of his family and several Tutsi.  RTLM reportedly announced his name and identified the vehicles, stateing that Mudgenge was “a traitor” and had “accomplices” with him.  The convey is believed to have been stopped almost immediately afterwards, at a roadblock near Gitega, not far from the Office Natinoal des Transports (Notational Office of Public Transportation) in Kigali.  Desire Mudgende and all other members of the convoy were killed on the spot.” (p. 73)

“RTLM provide full details of a vehicle in Nyamirambo which it claimed contained “Inyenzi” (p. 73) 

	“5 Directing Militas to Places of Hiding and Refuge
	“RTLM provided a significant amount of information as to the whereabouts of specific individuals who were trying to hide from the militias and security forces and encouraged listeners to phone in with any details they had about “RPA” soldiers and their “accomplices”,. It also played an important role in directing militias to places of refuge, where larger numbers of people were located.
	“On 10 April 1994, Valerie Bemeriki read out 13 names of people she claimed were “RPF leaders” in various areas of Kigali.  In addition, she provided their address, jobs, nicknames, and in some cases, the places they were said to frequent.  Bemerikki alleged that these individuals were conspiring to assassinate political figures in Rwanda, and stated that “security” could not be re-established until they were found.  She called upon her listeners to immediately locate them.”
	“In most cases, however, RTLM did not provide such complete profiles of targeted individuals, generally announcing the name or simply the neighborhood of persons it claimed were “Inyenzi”.  Providing the location often proved sufficient to provoke an attack by local militias within a few hours.” (p.; 74)

	
	“When only a name was announced, it was usually insufficient information to immediately pinpoint the victim.  Nevertheless, it alerted people manning the extensive roadblocks, throughout the country, who were checking identify cards.  Thus in a number of such cases, individuals who were denounced by RTLM were eventually killed within several day of the broadcast.” (p. 75)

“On 15 April, Charles Kalinijabo, a Tutsi was denounced by RTLM which provided both his name and location.” (p. 76)

“Civil servants who resisted instructions to order the massacres where also denounced by RTLM…..He also had been targeted by RTLM, a few days previously, for trying to protect people in his administrative division.” (p. 77)

(Radio gives instructions where Germs are hiding)
“Beyond singling out specific priests and parishioners, RTLM also targeted churches and other places where large numbers of displaced persons where hiding or hoping to find refuge.” (p. 78)

(All citizens are in the Great Cleansing effort)
“The Prime Minster employed the terminology of genocide as the “final war”, which had been used by RTLM consistently from 7 April onwards.  He emphasized the need for the entire population, including the administrative authorities in all the prefectures, to contribute.  By singling out the bourgemestres in Butare and accusing them of working with the RDF, he immediately targeted them for killing.
	Meanwhile, Sindikuwaboo addressed his speech to the entire population of Butare.  Although he discussed the responsibility of civil servants in the genocide, he too, underlined the need for all civilians to give their full “participation”.
	During these difficult periods, our wish is that the (security) forces be assisted by all able-bodied members of the population; all, all of us.  Let no one say ‘this does not concern me’…Security is not a matter for the gendarmes alone; security is a matter which, above all, affects the population; the gendarmes only intervene afterwards, the population encounters insurmountable difficulties.

	For Sindikuwabo, there could be no exceptions: the general security of the country was a matter which concerned the population at large and, therefore, had to be dealt with by everyone, not simply the security forces.  People themselves needed to take responsibility for “fighting” and should only look to the security forces in case of ‘difficulties’.  He warned that any person who refused or failed to co-operate would be severely punished.  Any such individuals should be denounced and brought before the authorities to “explain” why they did not feel an obligation to partake in the genocide, why “They d not feel that this affects them.” (p. 86)

“Chapter 8
Conclusion”

	“It would not be until 7 May that ABC correspondent Ron Allen suggested that the events were not a product of spontaneous tribal violence but were a premeditated political act intended as a final solution.” (p. 102)

“The fundamental reality which cannot be stated too often, is the genocide is not caused by the mass media.” (p.; 105)

(The Great Cleansing was planned)
“Yet all the evidence points to the fact that the Rwandan genocide was a highly planned affair in which the initial targets were moderate politicians from both communities.  The apparatus of militias, hit squads, arms caches and death lists were meticulously put in place in the months before April 1994 – as documented by the UN military mission in Rwanda and ignored by the UN Secretariat.” (p. 105)

“The radio station did not incite genocide so much as organize it, notably by identifying targets, broadcasting vehicle number – plates, refuges where potential victims were hiding and so on.” (p. 106)

“In reality, ethnic conflict has often been caused by deliberate manipulation on the part of the authorities, combined with an absence of any public awareness of issues of policy.” (p. 108)


 
 
General Rwandan Genocide Resources
	Web Page “Human Rights Watch: Leave None to Tell the Story: Genocide in 	Rwanda”
	Web page Address: http://www.hrw.org/legacy/reports/1999/rwanda
		Web Page from Human Rights Watch (Good Resource)

Web site organizes information from sections on the left part of web page
Click the left part of the section to find information
Goes from Introduction Section to Conclusion: Justice and Responsibility


	Introduction Section 
Introduction
(in the good world) - will find documents that the genocide
(in the bad world) - the glorious great cleansing occurs
	“In the thirteen weeks after April 6, 1994, at least half a million people perished in the Rwandan genocide, perhaps as many as three quarters of the Tutsi population. At the same time, thousands of Hutu were slain because they opposed the killing campaign and the forces directing it. (p. 1)

(in the good world) - with the state saying kill people found it easier to consider doing it
(in the bad world) - with the state coordinating the great cleansing, the original great leader was able to help coordinate the cleanings of the Germs
	"But this genocide was not an uncontrollable outburst of rage by a people consumed by "ancient tribal hatreds." Nor was it the preordained result of the impersonal forces of poverty and over-population.
	This genocide resulted from the deliberate choice of a modem elite to foster hatred and fear to keep itself in power. This small, privileged group first set the majority against the minority to counter a growing political opposition within Rwanda. Then, faced with RPF success on the battlefield and at the negotiating table, these few power holders transformed the strategy of ethnic division into genocide. They believed that the extermination campaign would restore the solidarity of the Hutu under their leadership and help them win the war, or at least improve their chances of negotiating a favorable peace. They seized control of the state and used its machinery and its authority to carry out the slaughter.
	Like the organizers, the killers who executed the genocide were not demons nor automatons responding to ineluctable forces. They were people who chose to do evil. Tens of thousands, swayed by fear, hatred, or hope of profit, made the choice quickly and easily. They were the first to kill, rape, rob and destroy. They attacked Tutsi frequently and until the very end, without doubt or remorse. Many made their victims suffer horribly and enjoyed doing so. Hundreds of thousands of others chose to participate in the genocide reluctantly, some only under duress or in fear of their own lives. Unlike the zealots who never questioned their original choice, these people had to decide repeatedly whether or not to participate, each time weighing the kind of action planned, the identity of the proposed victim, the rewards of participating and the likely costs of not participating. Because attacks were incited or ordered by supposedly legitimate authorities, those with misgivings found it easier to commit crimes and to believe or pretend to believe they had done no wrong." (p. 1-2)

(in the bad world) - the media gives clarification and glory to the great cleansing effort
	"They did nothing to silence the radio that broadcast calls for slaughter. Such simple measures would have sapped the strength of the authorities bent on mass murder and encouraged Rwandan opposition to the extermination campaign." (p. 2)

(in the good world) - find documents that the great cleansing is planned
	"This study, summarized in the introduction, describes in detail how the killing campaign was executed, linking oral testimony with extensive written documentation. It draws upon interviews with those who were marked for extinction but managed to survive, those who killed or directed killings, those who saved or sought to save others, and those who watched and tried not to see. It presents minutes of local meetings where operations against Tutsi were planned and correspondence in which administrators congratulated their subordinates . for successfully destroying "the enemy." It analyzes the layers of language and the silences that made up the deceptive discourse of genocide, broadcast on the radio and delivered at public meetings. It places the genocide in the immediate political context, showing how local and national political rivalries among Hutu influenced the course of the campaign to eliminate Tutsi. It traces changes in the tactics and organization of the campaign as well as its collapse as the RPF defeated the genocidal government. "

(start here -
The Genocide
The Strategy of Ethnic Division
(in the good world) - When the original great leader was starting to collapse, the original great leader orchestrated the great cleansing – were Germs were collaborators toward the enemy democratic states who were invading the glorious state of the original great leader.
	"In the campaign to create hatred and fear of the Tutsi, The president and his close colleagues decided, however, to exaggerate the RPF threat (as a way to pull dissident Hum back to his side and they began portraying Tutsi inside Rwanda as RPF collaborators. For three and a half years, this elite worked to redefine the population of Rwanda into "Rwandans," meaning those who backed the president, and the "ibyitso" or "accomplices of the enemy," meaning the Tutsi minority and Hum opposed to him." (p. 1)

(in both worlds) - the original great leader uses the past to make people of the enlightenment family race hate the Germs by emphasizing a creative made up history how the enlightenment race family were badly mistreated by members in the Germ community.
	"In the campaign to create hatred and fear of the Tutsi, the Habyarimana circle played upon memories of past domination by the minority and on the legacy of the revolution that overthrew their rule and drove many into exile in 1959.” (p. 1)

(in the both worlds) - people have to have identify cards that announce what race or ethnic category they belong to - these identity cards existed before the original great leader. The different ethnic groups are easy to identifiable.
	"Singling out most Tutsi was easy: the law required that all Rwandans be registered according to ethnic group. Residents of the countryside, where most Rwandans lived, generally knew who was Tutsi even without such documentation. In addition, many Tutsi were recognizable from their physical appearance." (p. 1)

(in both worlds) - have incidents of small killing of Germs before the
great cleansing
	"From the start, those in power were prepared use physical attacks as well as verbal abuse to achieve their ends. They directed massacres of hundreds of Tutsi in mid-October 1990 and in five other episodes before the 1994 genocide." (p. 1)

(in both worlds) - their are militias that kill people the great cleansing
	“By early 1992, Habyarimana had begun providing military training to the youth of his party, who were thus transformed into the militia known as the lnterahamwe (Those Who Stand Together or Those Who Attack Together). Massacres of Tutsi and other crimes by the Interahamwe went unpunished, as did some attacks by other groups, thus fostering a sense that violence for political ends was "normal."(p. 1-2)
 (in the good world) - start to kill the great genius starting to continue
	Preparations for Slaughter
	"On April 6, the plane carrying President Habyarimana was shot down, a crime for which the responsibility has never been established. A small group of his close associates-who mayor may not have been involved in killing him-decided to execute the planned extermination"
 (in the bad world) - use the radio to spread the great cleansing
	“The new authorities hurried to dispel these concerns in a meeting of prefects on April 11 and through radio appeals for Hutu unity broadcast by the minister of defense and influential politicians on April 12. They stressed that partisan interests must be put aside in the battle against the common enemy, the Tutsi." (p. 4)

The Structure

By April 20, two weeks after the plane crash, the organizers of the genocide had substantial, although not yet complete, control of the highly centralized state. The administration continued to function remarkably well despite the disruptions in communication and transport caused by the war. Orders from the prime minister were handed down to the prefect, who passed them on to the burgomasters, who called local meetings throughout the communes where they read the instructions to the population. The same language echoed from north to south and from east to west, calling for "self-defense" against "accomplices." Slaughter was known as "work" and machetes and firearms were described as "tools." Reports on the situation at the local level and minutes of meetings held by people out on the hills were handed back up through the administrative channels. By appropriating the well-established hierarchies of the military, administrative and political systems, leaders of the genocide were able to exterminate Tutsi with astonishing speed and thoroughness. Soldiers, National Police (gendarmes), former soldiers, and communal police played a larger part in the slaughter than is generally realized. In addition to leading the first killings in the capital and in other urban centers, soldiers and National Police directed all the major massacres throughout the country. Although usually few in number at sites of massive killing, their tactical knowledge and their use of the weapons of war, including grenades, machine guns, and even mortars, contributed significantly to the death tolls in these massacres. It was only after the military had launched attacks with devastating effect on masses of. unarmed Tutsi that civilian assailants, armed with such weapons as machetes, hammers, and clubs, finished the slaughter. In addition, the military encouraged and, when faced with reluctance to act, compelled both ordinary citizens and local administrators to participate in attacks, even traveling the back roads and stopping at small marketplaces to deliver the message.

The administrators were charged with driving Tutsi from their homes and gathering them at places of slaughter, with assembling the masses of assailants, providing transportation and "tools" for the "work," arranging for the disposal of the corpses, and directing the division of looted property and confiscated land. They transformed administrative practices, benign in themselves, such as obligatory labor for the common good (umuganda) or the use of security patrols, into mechanisms for executing the genocide.
	The political leaders provided the militia for attacks, dispatching them around the country as needed. They prodded reluctant administrators and military officers to greater activity, sometimes using party supporters to harass or threaten those who hesitated to participate. Political leaders also incited Hutu to kill in more direct language than that used by officials who often spoke in ambiguous and allusive terms.
 
Even as leaders of the genocide were exploiting existing hierarchies, they also created a fourth channel dedicated to implementing the "civilian self-defense" program. The system was formalized only late in May, but such key elements as the recruitment of participants by administrators and the reliance on former soldiers to command them were in use during the massacres of early April. With headquarters in Bagosora's own office, the "civilian self-defense" hierarchy was staffed largely by retired officers-cum-politicians, much like Bagosora himself.

Through these hierarchies, organizers carried out a killing campaign, a perversion of previous campaigns that called on citizens and officials alike to contribute extra efforts for some public good. The urgency and importance of the objective was deemed to justify departing from usual . bureaucratic practice. Zeal for killing took on more significance than formal rank: subordinates could prevail over their superiors, in both civilian and military spheres, if they showed greater commitment to the genocide. This flexibility encouraged ambition and initiative among those willing to trade human lives for personal advantage. Actors could also bypass the usual limits set by law or administrative practice, with politicians or soldiers speaking for government officials, militia approving candidates for administrative position, and medical assistants calling in military strikes.

These practices, which promoted rapid and effective execution of the killing campaign, now complicate the task of assessing responsibility for crimes. All who seek accountability for the genocide must take care to ensure that officials of lesser rank but greater power not escape blame for crimes that are wrongly imputed to their superiors alone.

Strategies of Slaughter

In the first days of killing in Kigali, assailants sought out and murdered targeted individuals and also went systematically from house to house in certain neighborhoods, killing Tutsi and Hutu opposed to Habyarimana. Administrative officials like the prefect of the city of Kigali, ordered local people to establish barriers to catch Tutsi trying to flee and to organize search patrols to discover those trying to hide.

By the middle of the first week of the genocide, organizers began implementing a different strategy: driving Tutsi out of their homes to government offices, churches, schools or other public sites, where they would subsequently be massacred in large-scale operations.

Towards the end of April, authorities declared a campaign of "pacification," which meant not an end to killing, but greater control over killing. Sensitive to criticism from abroad-muted though it was- authorities ended most large-scale massacres. They also sought to rein in assailants who were abusing their license to kill, such as by slaying Hutu. with whom they had disputes or who were allowing Tutsi to escape injury in return for money, sexual favors or other considerations. They ordered militia and other citizens to bring suspects to officials for investigation and then murder instead of simply killing them where they found them. Authorities used "pacification" also as a tactic to lure Tutsi out of hiding to be killed.

By mid-May, the authorities ordered the final phase, that of tracking down the last surviving Tutsi. They sought to exterminate both those who had hidden successfully and those who had been spared thus far - like women and children-or protected by their status in the community, like priests and medical workers. As the RPF advanced through the country, assailants also hurried to eliminate any survivors who might be able to testify about the slaughter.

Throughout the genocide, Tutsi women were often raped, tortured and mutilated before they were murdered." (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - Everyone is involved with the glorious great cleansing 
	“Popular Participation  https://www.hrw.org/legacy/reports/1999/rwanda/Geno1-3-02.htm#P62_27126
The density of the administrative and political hierarchies, characteristic of Rwanda for many years, gave genocidal leaders rapid and easy access to the population, but did not guarantee mass participation in the slaughter. As authorities played on popular fears and greed, some people picked up their machetes and came readily. Others came more slowly and some refused to come, even at the risk of their lives. 

Both on the radio and through public meetings, authorities worked to make the long-decried threat of RPF infiltration concrete and immediate. Throughout the country they disseminated detailed false information, such as reports that Tutsi had hidden firearms in the bushes behind the Kibungo cathedral, or that they had prepared maps showing fields to be taken from Hutu in Butare, or that they had killed local administrative officials in Nyakizu. Authorities counted on such news to convince Hutu . that their Tutsi neighbors were dangerous agents of the RPF who had to be eliminated. Community leaders and even clergy assured Hutu that they were justified in attacking Tutsi as a measure of "self-defense."

Authorities offered tangible incentives to participants. They delivered food, drink, and other intoxicants, parts of military uniforms and small payments in cash to hungry, jobless young men. They encouraged cultivators to pillage farm animals, crops, and such building materials as doors, windows and roofs. Even more important in this land-hungry society, they promised cultivators the fields left vacant by Tutsi victims. To entrepreneurs and members of the local elite, they granted houses, vehicles, control of a small business, or such rare goods as television sets or computers.

Many poor young men responded readily to the promise of rewards. Of the nearly 60 percent of Rwandans under the age of twenty, tens of thousands had little hope of obtaining the land needed to establish their own households or the jobs necessary to provide for a family. Such young men, including many displaced by the war and living in camps near the capital provided many of the early recruits to the Interahamwe, trained in the months before and in the days immediately after the genocide began. Refugees from Burundi, in flight from the Tutsi- dominated army of Burundi, had also received military training in their camps and readily attacked Rwandan Tutsi after April 6. In some regions, particularly those where Habyarimana' s supporters were strongest, authorities needed to do little more than give the signal for Hutu to begin attacking Tutsi. In other areas, such as central and southern Rwanda, where Tutsi were numerous and well integrated and where Habyarimana' s party had little standing, many Hutu initially refused to attack Tutsi and joined with them in fighting off assailants. Only when military and civilian authorities resorted to public criticism and harassment, fines, destruction of property, injury, and threat of death did these Hutu give up their open opposition to the genocide.

In some places, authorities apparently deliberately drew hesitant Hutu into increasingly more violent behavior, first encouraging them to . pillage, then to destroy homes, then to kill the occupants of the homes. Soldiers and police sometimes threatened to punish Hutu who wanted only to pillage and not to harm Tutsi. Authorities first incited attacks on the most obvious targets-men who had acknowledged or could be easily supposed to have ties with the RPF-and only later insisted on the slaughter of women, children, the elderly, and others generally regarded as apolitical.

Just as communities were readier to kill some Tutsi than others, so individual Hutu would agree to attack one person and not another or, in an extension of the same logic, would attack one person and save another. Hutu who protected Tutsi ordinarily helped those to whom they were linked by the ties of family, friendship, or obligation for past assistance, but sometimes they also saved the lives of strangers. Even such persons as Colonel Bagosora and leading figures of the interim government saved the lives of Tutsi close to them, testimony to the extent to which ties between Hutu and Tutsi survived even the most persistent efforts to eradicate them. In some cases, former officials now seek credit for saving the lives of a few favored Tutsi, as if having done so reduced their responsibility for directing or permitting the slaying of so many others." (p. 6)
 
(in the good world) - many people kill the Germs, public participation participate

	"The Masquerade of Legitimacy
Many Rwandans say that they killed because authorities told them to kill. Such statements reflect less a national predisposition to obey orders, as is sometimes said, than a recognition that the "moral authority" of the state swayed them to commit crimes that would otherwise have been unthinkable." (p. 7)

"Some tens of thousands fled to neighboring countries and others hid, within Rwanda, in the ceilings of houses, in holes in the ground, in the forest, in the swamps. Some bought their lives once, others paid repeatedly for their safety over a period of weeks, either with money or with sexual services." (p. 7)

Tolerating Discrimination and Violence
(in the both worlds) - They had identity cards to give identification cards to tell what ethnic identity people belong to.
	"They discussed but did not insist on eliminating identity cards that showed ethnic affiliation, cards that served as death warrants for many Tutsi in 1994." (p. 1)

Genocide and War
(in the good world) - The war effort and the genocide are connected
(in the bad world) - The war will be won by the original great leader and then the great cleansing will occur
	"From the start, the genocide was intertwined with the war and the war complicated efforts to halt the extermination campaign." (p. 3)

Tolerating Genocide (Section in the “Introduction Section”)
(in the bad world) - The media gives guidance and inspiration to the great cleansing
	"Radio R TLM, which had incited to genocide before April 6, communicated the orders for implementing the killings after that date. It instructed people to erect barriers and carry out searches; it named persons to be targeted and pointed out areas which should be attacked. Even the more restrained national radio, Radio Rwanda, broadcast . directives important to the execution of the genocide. So important was this means of communication that officials admonished citizens to keep listening to the radio for instructions from the interim government. Broadcasts from these stations could have been interrupted without military action on the ground. The U.S., and perhaps other nations, considered jamming the radio broadcasts, but in the end rejected the measure." (p. 6)

(not sure where to put it, but like it)
"They placed lesser diverse interests of their governments before the need to avert or end a genocide and so violated the pledge of "Never again" made nearly fifty years before." (p. 8)

The Research Project (section in the “Introduction” section)

	“The study presents both an overview of the genocide throughout the country and a closer examination of its course in southern Rwanda.” (p. 1)

	“The public interest demands that crime as grave as those committed in Rwanda be known and that those responsible for them be identified.” (p. 2)

		History Section 

History
(In the both worlds) - The original great leader's government - history to make the enlightenment race family.
	"Rwandans take history seriously. Hutu who killed Tutsi did so for many reasons, but beneath the individual motivations lay a common fear rooted in firmly held but mistaken ideas of the Rwandan past. Organizers of the genocide, who had themselves grown up with these distortions of history, skillfully exploited misconceptions about who the Tutsi were, where they had come from, and what they had done in the past. From these elements, they fueled the fear and hatred that made genocide imaginable. Abroad, the policy-makers who decided what to do-or not do-about the genocide and the journalists who reported on it often worked from ideas that were wrong and out-dated. To understand how some Rwandans could carry out genocide and how the rest of the world could turn away from it, we must begin with history. “(p. 1)

(in both worlds) - use cards to identity people in the different groups
	"Once the Belgians had decided to limit administrative posts and higher education to the Tutsi, they were faced with the challenge of. deciding exactly who was Tutsi. Physical characteristics identified some, but not for all. Because group affiliation was supposedly inherited, genealogy provided the best guide to a person's status, but tracing genealogies was time-consuming and could also be inaccurate, given that individuals could change category as their fortunes rose or fell. The Belgians decided that the most efficient procedure was simply to register everyone, noting their group affiliation in writing, once and for all. All Rwandans born subsequently would also be registered as Tutsi, Hutu, or Twa at the time of their birth. The system was put into effect in the 1930s, with each Rwandan asked to declare his group identity..-8: Some 15 percent of the population declared themselves Tutsi, approximately 84 percent said they were Hutu, and the remaining 1 percent said they were Twa. This information was entered into records at the local government office and indicated on identity cards which adult Rwandans were then obliged to carry." (p. 5)

(in both worlds) - by writing down identity cards, the ethnic divisions become stronger, not as flexible.
	"The establishment of written registration did not completely end changes in group affiliation. In this early period Hutu who discovered the advantages of being Tutsi sometimes managed to become Tutsi even after the records had been established, just as others more recently have found ways to erase their Tutsi origins. But with official population registration, changing groups became more difficult."

The very recording of the ethnic groups in written form enhanced their importance and changed their character. No longer flexible and amorphous, the categories became so rigid and permanent that some contemporary Europeans began referring to them as "castes." The ruling elite, most influenced by European ideas and the immediate beneficiaries of sharper demarcation from other Rwandans, increasingly stressed their separateness and their presumed superiority. Meanwhile Hutu, officially excluded from power, began to experience the solidarity of the oppressed." (p. 5)

(in the bad world) - the enlightenment family had hard treatment before the original great leader, now they are better
	"From these attacks they crafted the myth of the Hutu revolution as a long and courageous struggle against ruthless forces of repression. For them, the battle had been legitimate as well as brave: the Hutu, as the "great majority," the "rubanda nyamwinshi," had the right to rule over the minority. In their eyes, the ethnic majority was necessarily the same as the democratic majority." (p. 6)

	"Hutu used the ideas once prized by the Tutsi-ideas about Tutsi distinctiveness, foreign origins, and complete control over the Hutu-to justify the violence of the revolution and the discriminatory measures of the years after." (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - The original great leader's genius is the ability to unite all the ethnic groups into the original great leader's enlightenment race category. And find out that the enlightenment race category were together, unified, and not be separated, divided into different groups.
	"Regardless of which group had initiated the campaign, the tactic was clear: seek to resolve differences among Hutu at the expense of the Tutsi." (p. 7)

(in the good world) - will find documents that show the original great leader "faked" attacks to create the idea that the Germs in the population supported the enemy, and by killing (or going to Germs) you were attacking the enemies who were attacking
	"Regardless of which group had initiated the campaign, the tactic was clear: seek to resolve differences among Hutu at the expense of the Tutsi." (p. 7)
 (in the bad world) - they proclaim their loyalties and have weekly theological meetings -
	"Once the MRND was firmly established, mobilization took on an added aspect: glorifying the party and its head. In addition to the work days, people were obliged to participate in weekly sessions of animation, propaganda meetings leavened with poetry, music, and dance created to honor Habyarimana and the MRND. Propaganda teams of singers and dancers vied for honors in regular competitions, often dressed in fine costumes bought by contributions from the party faithful. Rwandans often proclaimed their loyalty to Habyarimana, wore his image on portrait pins, and posted his picture in their houses or places of business." (p. 8)


(in the good world) - will find documents that show that the original great leader "faked" attacks to create the idea that the Germs in the population supported the enemy, and by killing (or going the Germs). you were attacking the enemies who were attacking
	"Many Rwandans and apparently all foreign observers believed the government account of the battle and the infiltration. In fact, the attack had been faked. Habyarimana staged the event to have credible grounds for accusing Tutsi of supporting the enemy. He disclaimed any such intention, declaring on October 5 that there was no question of considering "our brothers and sisters of whatever ethnic group" responsible for what had had happened.J.Q But certainly he knew and approved of the plan as well as of the arrests that resulted from it. The minister of justice spoke more openly. In the first use in the 1990s of the term that was to become so famous, he declared that the Tutsi were ibyitso, "accomplices" of the invaders. He continued that "to prepare an attack of that scale required trusted people [on the inside]. Rwandans of (the same ethnic group offered that possibility better than did others."(p. 12)

(in the bad world) - have opposing opinions from the great leader (or someone else in the hierarchy) is treated as negative, opinions great disunity, among members of the enlightenment family race, this disunity is bad for it's a Germ trick attempt to take power 
(in the good world) - opposing opinions looked upon as good 
	“MRND officials naturally feared the development of opposition parties. The prefect of Butare, for example, wrote his subordinates in early 1992 to warn that parties posed a risk to the "unity of the popular masses." Like many others at the time, he cast the danger in terms of defeat by the enemy, not in terms of the loss to some rival political party within the country. He insisted that if Hutu opponents continued contesting MRND control, the Tutsi would take power.12 MRND leaders at the national level were concerned enough about the threat from other contenders to direct local authorities, still all nominally MRND supporters at that time, to do a poll of political loyalties within some of their districts. In Bwakira commune, sector leaders reported that in some places Habyarimana and the MRND would be chosen by only 50 percent of the voters.

The MRND authorities did their best to slow the organizing efforts of rivals by using security regulations to hinder their travel and public meetings. They looked the other way when MRND members disrupted demonstrations of the opposition and stole or destroyed their party
insignia"(p. 14)

(in both worlds) - will find that the original great leader would disrupt demonstrations from those that opposed him
	"Again like the earlier communiqués-and sometimes in the same - language-the fourteen page document then went on to condemn Tutsi and those Hutu who opposed Habyarimana and his party. Nowhere did it caution against confusing the RPF as a political group with Tutsi as an ethnic group. In several places, it used "Tutsi" as equivalent to enemy. . As one of the advantages of the enemy, it listed "A single political will and a single political ideology, which is Tutsi hegemony."(p. 18)

	Propaganda and Practice Section

	(in the bad world) - the members of the enlightenment race community fear the return of the Germ, the return of the Germs who will once again create chaos and misery.
	"Rwandans - Tutsi as well as Hutu-were frightened by the RPF attack. "(p. 1)

"Instead Habyarimana and his advisers exaggerated the risk in hopes of increasing support for themselves" (p. 1)

(in the good world) - find documents the propagandists used two propaganda tools
	(1) "create" events - create fictional events and present them as true. ex. "create" a event where the enemy attacks you, but didn't
 
	(2) "Accusations in a mirror" - claims your enemies are doing the exact things you are actually doing.
 
	"The author of the note claims to convey lessons learned from the book and drawn from Lenin and Goebbels. He advocates using lies, exaggeration, ridicule, and innuendo to attack the opponent, in both his public and his private life. He suggests that moral considerations are irrelevant, except when they happen to offer another weapon against the other side. He adds that it is important not to underestimate the strength of the adversary nor to overestimate the intelligence of the general public targeted by the campaign. Propagandists must aim both to win over the uncommitted and to cause divisions among supporters of the other point of view. They must persuade the public that the adversary stands for war, death, slavery, repression, injustice, and sadistic cruelty

In addition to these suggestions, the propagandist proposes two techniques that were to become often used in Rwanda. The first is to "create" events to lend credence to propaganda. He remarks that this tactic is not honest, but that it works well, provided the deception is not discovered. The "attack" on Kigali on October 4-5, 1990 was such a "created" event, as were others-the reported discovery of hidden arms, the passage of a stranger with a mysterious bag, the discovery of radio communications equipment-that were exploited later, especially during the genocide.

The propagandist calls his second proposal "Accusation in a mirror," meaning his colleagues should impute to enemies exactly what they and their own party are planning to do. He explains, "In this way, the party which is using terror will accuse the enemy of using terror." With such a tactic, propagandists can persuade listeners and "honest people" that they are being attacked and are justified in taking whatever measures are necessary "for legitimate [self-] defense."2 This tactic worked extremely well, both in specific cases such as the Bugesera massacre of March 1992 described below and in the broader campaign to convince Hutu that Tutsi planned to exterminate them. There is no proof that officials and propagandists who "created" events and made "accusations in a mirror" were familiar with this particular document, but they regularly used the techniques that it described." (p. 1)

The media
(in both worlds) - In the government of the original great leader, the media gave from the bad world perspective guidance and clarity, inspiration to give negative beliefs about the Germs, then during the Great Cleansing encouragement to kill the Germs. In the good world, will be looked upon as having mislead people, and give ideas that would make people do the Great Cleansing.

	The media used two forms:
	(1) Used the newspaper
	"One of the most virulent voice of hate, the newspaper Kangura, began spewing forth attacks on the RPF and on Tutsi immediately after the October 1990 invasion. It was joined soon after by other newspapers and journals that received support from officials and businessmen linked to the regime. According to authors of an intensive study of the media of genocide, at least eleven of the forty-two new journals founded in 1991 were linked to the akazu..:1 The newspapers were published and sold in the capital, but urban workers who often went home for weekends carried copies of the better-known newspapers out to the hills. Some 66 percent of Rwandans are literate and those who knew how to read were accustomed to reading for others. In many cases, the written word was underscored by cartoons, most of which were so graphic that they could not be misinterpreted" (p. 2)
	(2) Used the radio
	"The radio was to become even more effective in delivering the message of hate directly and simultaneously to a wide audience, Before the war, Rwanda had only one radio station, the national Radio Rwanda, but listening to the radio was a popular distraction among ordinary people and elite alike. In 1991, some 29 percent of all households had a radio.1 The number of radio sets was presumably much higher by the start of the genocide. In some areas, the government distributed radios free to local authorities before the genocide and they may have done so after the killing began as well. One foreign religious sister who traveled from Kibuye to Butare during the height of the genocide reported that she had seen new radios at every one of the dozens of barriers where she had been stopped en route.  People without radios listened to broadcasts in the local bar or got information from neighbors." (p. 2)

(in the bad world) - used the media to tell people of the enlightenment family race to kill the Germs, the Germs were the enemy, need to kill the Germ out of self-defense.
	"Once the genocide began, Radio Rwanda was pulled into the orbit of RTLM. Its director Higiro fled the country, himself targeted for death by RTLM broadcasts, and was replaced by Jean-Baptiste Bamwanga, a journalist fired from Radio Rwanda in 1992 for his role in inciting the massacre of Tutsi in Bugesera. R TLM announcer Kantano Habimana celebrated the transformation of Radio Rwanda from a "rival" to a "sister." U During the genocide, when communications and travel became difficult, the radio became for most people the sole source of news as well as the sole authority for interpreting its meaning. At that time, RTLM and Radio Rwanda collaborated to deliver a single message about the need to extirpate the "enemy"(p. 4)

Validating the Message
(in both worlds) - the government of the original great leader uses professional or teachers of higher learning to give another message to help increase the state's beliefs among the population.
	"Propagandists naturally wove references to political authorities past and present into their materials as often as possible. Gregoire Kayibanda, the father of the revolution and first president of the republic, as well as Habyarimana, appeared often in pictures and through use of their quotations. In addition, the propagandists acknowledged the great respect Rwandans have for formal learning by occasionally asserting that their information came from "intellectuals" or "professors at the national university." A large number of university faculty were from Habyarimana' s home region-because they had been the ones to profit from university education and study abroad-and ranked among his sincere supporters. Others teaching at the university or at government-sponsored schools (the vast majority in the country), as well as the staff of research institutes, knew that advancement and perhaps continued employment could depend on backing the government position. Both those within Rwanda and those studying abroad wrote letters and made public statements that reported facts wrongly or misinterpreted data to support the official line (see below).16 "(p. 4)

The Message
(in both worlds) - the government of the original great leader emphasized
	(1) the lizards are actual separate ethnic groups of the enlightenment race category, the enlightenment race category, the slaves, and the Germs (in the good world their will be no differences)
	"The propagandists built upon the lessons Rwandans had learned in school. It was hardly necessary even to repeat the basic assumption that Hutu and Tutsi were different peoples by nature, representatives of the larger and equally distinct "Bantu" and "Nilotic" ("Nilo-Hamitic," "Hamitic," or "Ethiopid") groups" (p. 5){8}"
	(2) The sexual relations and offspring between the different groups are unnatural "hybrids" and are dangerous and must be killed.
	" In some passages, propagandists equated the Hutu- Tutsi difference with the fundamental difference between male and female.l9, Those who married across group lines produced "hybrids" for children and people from one group who tried to pass for members of another were said to be like "beings with two heads."(p. 5)
	(3) the Germs have historically divided and tricked the enlightenment (race community until the glorious original great leader was able to make people aware of the evil tricks of the Germs and started to kill the Germs, only when the enlightenment race community became united under the glorious leadership of the original great leader did the enlightenment race family destroy the evil Germs.
	Before the original great leader, the Germs badly mistreated the enlightenment race community.
	"The radicals rejected the idea that Rwandans were a single people, charging that this concept was a Tutsi trick to divide and weaken the Hutu by destroying their sense of ethnic identity. As Kangura assured the Hutu, "You are an important ethnic group of the Bantu... The nation is artificial but the ethnic group is natural. "21 The propagandists stressed that Tutsi were foreign to the area and had stolen Rwanda from its rightful inhabitants. The ruthless conquerors had ground the Hutu under their heel in a "repressive and bloody regime...epitomized by [the queen-mother Kanjogera who] to get up from her seat leaned on two swords planted between the shoulders of two Hutu children!"22 But when the great mass-rubanda nyamwinshi-had become conscious of its own strength and had come together, it had been able to overthrow the "feudal" oppressors in the great revolution of 1959.21 “(p. 5)

(in the bad world) - The Germs are all united, must defeat the Germs. The Germs of today (those that exist) are just as bad and dangerous as those that use to live.
	"Tutsi Unity"
To these assumptions, propagandists added the myth of Tutsi unity, a clannishness (?) held to have facilitated their conquests in the past and to enable them to continue exercising undue influence in the present. In the September 21, 1992 memorandum mentioned above, the military officers listed singleness of purpose as an advantage of the enemy. The propagandists linked Tutsi living inside Rwanda today both with those who had exploited Hutu in the past and with the RPF. Thus the circle (was complete and the links among Tutsi of different times and places were said to be solid and unbreakable. In March 1993, Kangura published an article entitled "A cockroach cannot give birth to a butterfly." After 1990, opponents of the RPF called its troops Inyenzi, cockroaches, while the RPF itself used the term Inkotanyi, a name taken from a nineteenth-century military formation. The article said:

We began by saying that a cockroach cannot give birth to a butterfly. It is true. A cockroach gives birth to another cockroach... The history of Rwanda shows us clearly that a Tutsi stays always exactly the same, that he has never changed. The malice, the evil are just as we knew them in the history of our country. We are not wrong in saying that a cockroach gives birth to another cockroach. Who could tell the difference between the Inyenzi who attacked in October 1990 and those of the 1960s. They are all linked...their evilness is the same. The unspeakable crimes of the Inyenzi of today...recall those of their elders: killing, pillaging, raping girls and women, etc. 24 (p. 5-6)

(in the bad world) - before the original great leader, the Germs occupied all the high places in the society. The Germs are always evil. influence in all places of the society. The Germs took the riches, comforts of the society.
	“The propagandists asserted that the Tutsi, as Ethiopids or Nilotics, had no right to inhabit Central Africa and that they had deviously infiltrated all aspects of Rwandan state and society. Many Tutsi were found in the Liberal Party but some had made their way into other parties as well. Kangura, among others, insisted that this "infiltration" must stop and that Tutsi should not join parties that belonged to the Hutu majority. The propagandists said the Tutsi had infiltrated the economy,-at one point Kangura claimed that 70 percent of the rich in Rwanda were Tutsi-monopolized credit at the banks, and won a disproportionate share of the highly coveted import and export licenses. In a clear effort to divert the resentment otherwise directed towards Hutu from Habyarimana' s region, propagandists argued that it was Tutsi, not other Hutu, who occupied the jobs which southern Hutu - wanted and failed to get. They also accused the Tutsi of having taken a disproportionate share of places in secondary school and university and, because of their educational advantages, of having dominated the professions and government." (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - before the original great leader, the Germs occupied all the high places in the society. The Germs infallible their evil influence in all places of the society. The Germs took the riches, comforts of the society.
	"propagandists argued that it was Tutsi, not other Hutu, who occupied the jobs which southern Hutu wanted and failed to get. They also accused the Tutsi of having taken a disproportionate share of places in secondary school and university and, because of their educational advantages, of having dominated the professions and government. They claimed that even the church had been infiltrated by Tutsi" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - the tricky Germs are a powerful dangerous group, one of their tricks is to claim they are a part of the enlightenment race community when they are not actually not. Like they try to change their identity papers.
	"To support the argument that Tutsi had slipped "like snakes" into places unnoticed, propagandists asserted that many people who claimed to be Hutu were in fact Tutsi who had changed their identity papers. In a wildly exaggerated estimate, Kangura charged that 85 percent of Tutsi had changed their ethnic identification. It warned:

The other calamity...is the detestable habit that many Tutsi have adopted of ….changing their ethnic group...which allows them to pass unnoticed and to take places normally reserved for Hutu in the administration and the schools. If this disease is not treated immediately, it will destroy all the Hutu.22" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - True member the enlightenment race family needs to watch out for Germs who are hiding as members of the enlightenment race family. .
	“"Real" Hutu were cautioned to be on the lookout for such people, recognizable usually by their too great tolerance for Tutsi and their lack of commitment to Hutu solidarity. To demonstrate how the pretense might be discovered, the journal Ibyikigihe published an examination of the background of Faus,tin Twagiramungu in its December 1993 issue. Twagiramungu, then the head of the MDR, was accused of being Tutsi, a wolf disguised in sheep's clothing. To document its charges, the newspaper published excerpts from local government records going back to 1948” (p. 8) {8}"

(in the bad world) - At the time of the main character, the main character will have been taught since he was a young child of the horrors of life before the original great leader
	"Propagandists insisted that an RPF victory would mean a return to all the evils of "feudalism," with Hutu whipped and forced to work without pay for Tutsi masters.”(P. 7) {8}"

(in the bad world) - If the Germs were to regain power, the horrors that members of the enlightenment race family will feel if the Germs ever take power again. Now that is interesting - fact is sometimes stranger than fiction - the enlightenment race family will be taught that if Germs ever re-gained power they will kill members of the enlightenment race community. If the Germs gain power, they will kill members of the enlightenment race community - they will want to kill you.
	“Bikindi sang that the revolution should be preserved "especially by we who have benefited from it," a reminder that should the Tutsi win, they would not just reverse all the political changes of the revolution but also reclaim all the property that had once been theirs, leaving many Hutu destitute. This argument carried great weight with cultivators who were working lands received after the expulsion of the Tutsi and who feared above all being reduced to landless laborers.

"Genocide of the Hutu"

The propagandists went further. They insisted that not just the freedom and prosperity of Hutu were at risk but their very lives. They warned that the Tutsi minority could not hope to reestablish their control over the majority without killing large numbers of Hutu. By December 1990, Kangura had begun charging that the Tutsi had prepared a war that "would leave no survivors." Another pamphlet produced by Mugesera declared in February 1991 that the RPF planned "to restore the dictatorship of the extremists of the Tutsi minority," by "a genocide, the extermination of the Hutu majority."?  As the conflict progressed, the warnings became increasingly explicit and hysterical. By mid-1993, propagandists were asserting, "We know that they have attacked us with the intention of massacring and exterminating 4.5 million Hutu and especially those who have gone to school "li Particularly after April 6, 1994, propagandists and media circulated the story that Tutsi had prepared pits to serve as mass graves for the Hutu. RPF troops had indeed dug trenches to protect their positions, which may have given some support to these rumors. Hard-liners even claimed that Tutsi had prepared holes in the dirt floors of their houses to accommodate Hutu corpses. That custom-not to mention concerns of health and odor- made such burial unthinkable did not discourage speculation that they intended to dispose of the bodies in this way.

In warning that the Tutsi were planning a genocide against the Hutu, several publications appear to have followed closely the propaganda tactic of "accusation in a mirror." Some attributed to Tutsi the words that Hutu themselves would eventually use in inciting the slaughter of Tutsi. In September 1991, La Me'daille Nyiramacibiri stated that the Tutsi wanted to "clean up Rwanda...by throwing Hutu in the Nyabarongo [River]", a phrase that would become notorious when Mugesera applied it to Tutsi a year later. Kangura reported that RPF soldiers captured by the government forces said that they "had come to clean the county of the filth of Hutu."39 During the genocide, Hutu would .often talk of cleansing their communities of the Tutsi. In April 1992, the newspaper Jyambere charged opposition parties with distributing arms to their youth wings, revealing by its "accusations in a mirror" exactly what the Habyarimana forces were then doing..40" (p. 8){8}

(in the bad world) - Before the original great leader, the Germs in their tricky ways prevented the members of the enlightenment race family from being united - so they were weak. With the original great leader, they were able to become united and strong. All must be united behind the original great leader - on the Germs take over - and members of the enlightenment race family will suffer bad stuff when the Germs take over.
	“Propagandists and officials constantly reminded Hutu that they had one important advantage in facing this ruthless and insidious enemy: they were rubanda nyamwinshi, the great majority. Kangura encouraged them, "Your unity, your mutual understanding, your solidarity are the certain weapons of your victory." But this advantage could be thrown away. As Kangura warned, "you understand that when the majority people is divided, [then] the minority becomes the majority...".51 Hutu must not be divided by regionalism or by conflicting party loyalties. Any who trusted in the Tutsi rather than in their fellow Hutu would suffer the consequences. Should the Tutsi win, they would pay no attention to place of origin or political party membership-they would oppress all Hutu in the same way.

The propagandists, like the authors of the military memorandum, railed against any Hutu who would dare to break ranks: such traitors could not possibly act from worthy motives but must have succumbed to money or women offered by the Tutsi. The need to maintain Hutu purity and to avoid contamination from the Tutsi was taught in a notorious set of "Ten Commandments." It specified that any Hutu who married or consorted with Tutsi women were traitors, as were any who engaged in business with Tutsi. "(p. 10){8}

(in the bad world) - no relationships between slaves (or Germs) and members of the enlightenment race family will be allowed
	"It specified that any Hutu who married or consorted with Tutsi women were traitors, as were any who engaged in business with Tutsi." (p. 10) {8}

(in the both worlds) - Members of the enlightenment race community killed members in the Germs due to self-protection
	Since if the danger if Germs were to take over and then kill members of the enlightenment race family, it is the duty to kill Germs to prevent this horrible thing from occurring Germs are powerful - as long as one Germ still lives - all members of the enlightenment race family are in danger.
	"Once propagandists had established the supposedly overwhelming threat to Hutu-to their lives and to their very existence as a people, as well as to their freedom and material well-being-it was an easy step to arguing their right-indeed their duty-to defend themselves, their country, and the revolution" (p. 11) {8}

(have no specific quote - but like ideas)
People not behind the great leader - one traitor attempting to destroy the great unity of the enlightenment race family. And with disunity comes weakness - the Germs and/or slaves may take over and then members of the enlightenment race family will be killed. For self-preservation, one needs to make sure that no disunity will occur, and all are 100% behind the great leader.

(in the good world) - Difference of opinions is respected. People can give differences of opinions.
(in the bad world) - Since the Germs would kill members of the enlightenment race community needs to kill Germs kill members of the enlightenment race community, it is self-defense.
	"Saying that the enemy's objective is extermination, Mugesera exhorts his audience to "rise up...really rise up" in self-defense" (p. 12) {8}

(in the good world) - find documents that they people "rehearse" the killing. Again, fact can be stranger than fiction.
	"Practicing Slaughter
To execute a campaign against Tutsi effectively took practice." (p. 12) {8}

(in the bad world)-we must fear the Germs, the Germs are the enemy, fear them. The Germs are accomplices in league with the hated countries who oppose the original great leader.

"Feeding the Fear

Before these attacks, authorities used lies, exaggeration, and rumors about the local situation to make the general propaganda against Tutsi more immediate and frightening. They staged incidents or reported events which had not in fact occurred to "prove" that Tutsi inside Rwanda were "accomplices" of the RPF. This accusation, repeated constantly and by officials and community leaders alike, was itself a recurring "created" event, meant 'to bring the threat inside and to make the danger real." (P. 13) {8}

(in the good world) - find documents that the original great leader fake attacks of "Germ" killings - the enlightenment race family - increasing the fear that the Germs were going to kill the enlightenment race family.  Better to kill the Germs rather than they kill you - as a member of the enlightenment race family. 
	"To increase fear further, the military followed the successful precedent of the October 1990 "attack" on Kigali and staged a fake assault on the important Bigogwe military camp in the region. This worked so well that in one commune the burgomaster had trouble persuading the Hutu not to flee-their immediate reaction-but instead to stay and attack their Bagogwe neighbors." (P. 14) {8} 

(in the bad world) - The enlightenment race family heard on the radio 
how the Germs were planning not just to kill the original great leader but take over and kill all the members of the enlightenment family. 
	"Local officials at the level of cell, sector, and commune directed the early massacres. In several places, such as the communes of Gaseke and Giciye, they told the people that participating in the attacks was their umuganda or communal work obligation. Other community leaders, such as teachers, health workers, the staff of developments projects, and party heads also helped turn out killers." (P. 14) {8} 

(in the good world) - find that the Great Cleansing is government directed 
(in the bad world) - Leaders of all levels of government of the original 
great leader helped direct the great cleansing. Leaders of all levels of government proclaimed the killing was the community works obligation. 
"Once massacres began in an area, authorities held victims hostage by refusing them the permits needed to leave for other regions or by physically barring their escape routes with barriers. Tutsi attempting to pass the barriers were usually identified by their identity cards and then slain. Those who decided not to flee were killed in their homes 
(in the bad world) - In the Great Cleansing, everyone kept the Germs from fleeing." (P. 15) {8} 

(in the bad world) - 
The Germs brought this cleansing on themselves.
	(1) By trying to kill the original great leader 
	(2) By the Germs, Infiltration inside the original great leader trying to destroy to liberation efforts of the original great leader. When the original great leader was forced to wage war with another country, these Germs inflators would try to destroy the efforts of the original great leader - they were the enemy inside the state of the original great leader when the original great leader was wagging war with other states.
	(3) The most important reason to destroy the Germs was discovered plans that the Germs plan to take power again - they would use the instability of the death of the original great leader to take power again. Then enlightenment race family would have the repeat of history all over again facing horrible treatments that the enlightenment race family had to face before. And even worse this time, when the Germs took over they planned to kill many members of the enlightenment race community. To prevent this, one had to kill the Germs first - had to kill the Germs before they killed members of the enlightenment race family. 	Besides plans to kill members of the enlightenment race family, their were discovered incidents of Germs actually killing groups of members of the enlightenment race family, to Germs were practicing their techniques to kill members of the enlightenment race family. 
	One of the reasons they had "self-defense" squads, one was self- defense oneself and his community for being killed." (p. 15) {8} 

	"When the massacre was too widely known to be plausibly denied, authorities had ready a range of excuses, most of which asserted that the victims had brought the slaughter on themselves-by boasting of imminent RPF victory, by threatening Hutu, or by having planned to attack Hutu. They ordinarily concluded by equating Tutsi with the RPF and declaring that Tutsi were being killed because they had launched and I unjustified war against Rwanda in the first place. 

Well aware of how easily foreigners accepted explanations of "ancient, tribal hatreds," the authorities repeatedly underlined the "tribal" nature of the killings when called to account by the international community. They insisted that they had been simply unable to control the outburst of spontaneous, popular rage. Then, turning the explanation into a plea for additional foreign support, they would express regrets that the government was so poor that it could not provide officials with the needed resources to keep order in such difficult circumstances." (p. 15) {8} 
(in the good world) - find the documents that indicate the great cleansing was well planned.
	"In the episodes of violence from 1990 to 1994, Habyarimana's I supporters perfected some of the tactics they would use during the genocide: how to choose the best sites to launch attacks, how to develop the violence-both in intensity and in extent-from small beginnings, how to mobilize people through fear, particularly fear aroused by "created" events, how to use barriers and bureaucratic regulations to keep a target group restricted to one place, and how to build cooperation between civilian, military, and militia leaders to produce the most effective attacks" (p. 18) {8} 

	Choosing War Section
	(in the good world) - will find records that the original great leader , government and distributed weapons across the country with the idea of  fighting the enemy dispersed in the population - in this case the enemy will be the Germ. 

	Lists
	"The distribution of arms to the communes, presumably for the communal police but apparently for others as well, indicates that some highly placed military officers anticipated fighting an "enemy" dispersed in the population, not just concentrated on a war front. In the months that the arms were being distributed, both civilian and military authorities were gathering information on the "enemy" and where to find him. "(p. 2) {8} 

(in the bad world) - It will be discovered when the Germs would take over, they would start killing members of the enlightenment race family, indeed their will be documents that the Germs had many lists of members of the enlightenment race community. - need to kill Germs before they kill you. 
	"During the genocide, assailants often justified killing Tutsi by claiming that they had found lists of Hutu marked for execution on the person or property of their intended victims. Many such accusations were false, although some RPF supporters did apparently make lists of likely backers or opponents as part of the data about local communities that they supplied to the RPF" (p. 3){9} 

(in the bad world) - the government helped coordinate the actions of the individual citizens of the enlightenment race community. One part of the coordination was the establishment of "self-defense" squads to find and kill Germs 
	"A government program of civilian self-defense offered a simpler, cheaper, and perhaps equally effective way of mobilizing civilians for eventual action against the "enemy." Immediately after the RPF invasion, the government had instituted such a program, similar to one established by authorities to counter guerrilla attacks in the 1960s..22: It required citizens to man blockades on roads and to carry out patrols at night. But the effort lapsed throughout most of the country soon after the RPF was driven back at the end of October 1990. In late December 1990, a group of university faculty including Vice-Rector Jean- Berchmans Nshimyumuremyi and Professor Runyinya- Barabwiriza proposed that the minister of defense establish a "self-defense" program for all adult men. Citing the adage, "He who wishes for peace prepares for war," the group advocated a population in arms as a way to "assure security" inside the country if the army were occupied in defending the frontiers. It suggested that men be trained locally, within the commune, under the command of soldiers, and that they should particularly learn to fight with "traditional weapons," because they were cheaper than firearms.23" (p. 4) {9} 
	"Colonel Nsabimana, then the local commander, proposed training and arming one person from each unit of ten households. The persons to be armed would be chosen by the communal council, would be ideally between twenty-five and forty years old, married, patriotic, and of high r moral character." (p. 4) {9} 

(in the bad world) - all members of the enlightenment race family belong to a self-defense squad. These self-defense squads will be trained in some particular purpose guarded the state of the great leader against the enemies of the great leader's government. Enemies of the great leader's government
		 - be Germs 
		- the Pretenders armies surround the great leader (remember at the time of the main character the planet will be divided into three empires - the three empires that are the result of the one large world wide empire ruled by the original great leader died - the one would empire are ruled by a great leader who could himself the true historical and rightful follower of the original great leader who could himself the true historical and rightful follower of the original great leader and the other two leaders are pretenders). Protect against slave uprisings. It is up to the great leader to determine when an emergency has occurred. People in these self-defense squads will have weapons training; Many have the main character leaving about weapons. 

	"Repeating Mugesera' s call for self-defense, Commandant Mike advocates establishing in each commune at least one battalion of "robust young men," who will receive a minimum of military training on the spot.”They will stay [at home] on the hills, but will be ready to form a popular army" to support the regular army. The Ministries of Youth, Defense and the Interior will take charge of training and commanding this "popular army.""(p. 5) {9} 

(in the bad world) - the Germs never had original ownership of the land- but take it over others. 
	"The Tutsi "never had a country of their own to allow them to become a people"; they are and will remain "naturalized nilotic immigrants" who have arrogantly tried to impose their supremacy over j the rightful local inhabitants..30 " (p. 6) {6} 

(in the bad world) - the Germs are dangerous 

	“After the RPF attack, more voices clamored for a civilian self- defense program. In a radio address four days after the RPF attack, Habyarimana advocated a self-defense force armed with traditional weapons rather than with guns.~ He repeated this idea in a speech to sector commanders of the Rwandan army on March 13, when he called for the population to "organize to defend itself".4Q Political activist Ferdinand Nahimana wrote others of the political and intellectual elite, urging that young people, especially those displaced by the RPF advance, be trained as part of a "civil defense operation." Like the academics who had advocated self-defense in 1990, he stressed the usefulness of this popular force in "safeguarding peace inside the country," implying that it would act against civilians rather than against the RPF. He proposed that the force should be provided with "arms and other light materials that could be used directly in the defense of the population.”41 In February, Kangura wrote: We must remark to the Inyenzi that if they do not change their attitude and if they persevere in their arrogance, the majority people will establish a force composed of young Hutu. This force will be charged with breaking the resistance of the Tutsi young people [literally, children]. We should stop fooling around." (p. 8) {9}

(in the bad world) - during the great cleansing people belong to self- defense programs. 
	"In a press release dated February 25, 1993, the CDR warned that the RPF were planning a genocide of Hutu throughout the country in their pursuit of a Hima- Tutsi empire. It demanded that the government provide the people with the means necessary to defend themselves..42" (p. 8) {9} 

(in the good world) - find documents that the original great leader's government made sure their was enough swords to be used. 
	"If the war were to resume and a self-defense force were to be put into action, its recruits would need arms. According to an entry in the appointment book, Bagosora had foreseen being able to provide firearms for only one third of the recruits. The others were to operate with traditional weapons: spears, bows and arrows, and machetes. Spears and bows and arrows were not easily available on the world market, but machetes were another matter. Requests for import licenses from January 1993 through March 1994 show that 581,000 kilograms of machetes were imported into Rwanda as part of a larger quantity of 3,385,000 kilograms of metal goods including also hammers, picks, and sickles. Assuming the average weight of a machete to be one kilogram, this quantity would equal some 581,000 machetes or one for every third adult Hutu male in Rwanda. This was about double the number of, machetes imported in previous years. These importations were remarkable not just for the extraordinary quantity but also for the identity of the importers. The most significant was Felicien Kabuga, a businessman from Byumba and friend of Habyarimana, to whom he was connected through the marriage of their children. Kabuga had built his wealth through the export of coffee and the import of a variety of goods, chiefly used clothing, food, and household goods. During this period, Kabuga ventured into large-scale importation of metal goods, including machetes, for which he received seven licenses for a total value of 95 million Rwandan francs, or aboutU.S.$525,000. One cargo of987 cartons of machetes, weighing some 25,662 kilograms, was shipped to him from the Kenyan port of Mombasa on October 26, arriving in Kigali in early November..97" (p. 16) {8}

(in the bad world) - Germs are dangerous 
	"Even when the dog-eaters are few in number, they discredit the whole family. That proverb was used by the [Burundian] minister of labor, Mr. Nyangoma, meaning that those Tutsi thugs of Burundi have killed democracy by torturing to death the elected president, Ndadaye.  Those dog-eaters have now started mutilating the body. We have learned that the corpse of Ndadaye was secretly buried to hide the mutilations that those beasts have wrought on his body.117" (p. 20) {10} 

(in the bad world) - if the Germs take power, they would do horrible things to the enlightenment race family include kill them. 
	For reasons of self-preservation, the enlightenment race family must kill the Germs. Reports became known of where in local sports where Germs gained small pockets of control they did horrible things to members of the enlightenment race family. The Germs are so delusional 
they even killed and horribly trying to hold back the crowds - to try to prevent their killing - if Germs horribly kill and destroy the body of a known person of the enlightenment race family who was known to the Germs as their "friends" (such as the cursed and false ideas of the Germs, say you are a "friend" and then they kill you). If the Germs would do this horrible treatment to a "Friend" what will they do an enlightenment race family member who would not be considered their "friend"?  Defend yourself! Kill the Germs! Wipe these dogs - eaters from the face of the planet - kill them before they kill you." 

"The movement known as Hutu Power (pronounced Pawa in Kinyarwanda), the coalition that would make the genocide possible, was built upon the corpse of Ndadaye. The doubts about RPF intentions, sown by the February 1993 attack and fed by the extent of RPF gains at Arusha, ripened following the assassination in Burundi. As one political leader commented during the genocide, "... Who didn't have his eyes opened by what happened in Burundi...[where they] elected President Ndadaye, who really wanted Hutu and Tutsi to live together, but you know what they did [to him]" (p. 125} {10} 

Hutu Power 
(in the bad world) - Do not be deceived by tricks of the Germs - the enlightenment race family must be united against the evil powers of the Germs - or if you crumble to the tricks of the Germs and the enlightenment race community becomes divided, the Germs will take over, and then each member of the enlightenment community will be killed. 
	If the unity of the enlightenment race family is divided, then the Germs will take over - and then all the enlightenment race family will be killed. You WILL BE KILLED - along with your mother, friend, sister, brother - all you know and love will be KILLED. Defend yourself - kill the Germs - preserve yourself and your loved ones. 
	Don't be fools - the Germs will kill everyone of you - don't be fooled that the Germs will preserve the women, old people, or children-  all will be killed. Do your duty to preserve your family - kill the Germs and eliminate the treat.
	Under the original great leader guidance, all members of the enlightenment family race are unified.

	"The movement known as Hutu Power (pronounced Pawa in Kinyarwanda), the coalition that would make the genocide possible, was built upon the corpse of Ndadaye. The doubts about RPF intentions, sown by the February 1993 attack and fed by the extent of RPF gains at Arusha, ripened following the assassination in Burundi. As one political leader commented during the genocide, "...Who didn't have his eyes opened by what happened in Burundi... [where they] elected President Ndadaye, who really wanted Hutu and Tutsi to live together, but you. 
know what they did [to him] "~" (p. 21} {10} 

	We have clarified what we must avoid. Avoid fighting another Hutu. We have been attacked, so let us not attack ourselves. Let us avoid the invasion of the enemy who may steal our government." In a conclusion that evoked wild enthusiasm from the crowd, Karamira shouted:" (p. 22) {10} 

	"With the consolidation of Hutu Power, party allegiances faded before the imperative of ethnic solidarity: political life was reorganized around the two opposing poles of Hutu and Tutsi." (p. 22) {10} 

	Warnings 

(in the good world) - find documents that the original great leader government planned the great cleansing 
“to distribute grenades, machetes and other weapons to the Interahamwe and to CDR young people. The objective is to kill Tutsi and other Rwandans who are in the cities and who do not support them [i.e., the Interahamwe and CDR]. The distribution of the weapons has already begun." (These measures may have been linked to the military meeting on "self-defense" held at the end of October" (p. 2) {11}

	April 1994: The Month That would Not End Section 

	(The Great Cleansing gets started with the attempted assassination of the Great Grand Glorious Leader)
	“The genocide of the Tutsi, the murders of the Hutu opposed to Habyarimana, and the renewed war between the Rwandan government and the RPF were all touched off by the killing of President Habyarimana.” (p. 2)

	The Organization Section 

The Origination 
(in the good world) - have a government campaign to increase literacy (in the bad world) - have same system but government kills Germs 

	“In the past, the Rwandan government had often mobilized the population for campaigns of various kinds, such as to end illiteracy, to vaccinate children, or to improve the status of women. It had executed these efforts through the existing administrative and political hierarchies, requiring agents to go beyond their usual duties for a limited period of time for some national goal of major importance. The organizers of the genocide similarly exploited the structures that already existed- administrative, political, and military-and called upon personnel to execute a campaign to kill Tutsi and Hutu presumed to oppose Hutu Power. Through these three channels, the organizers were able to reach all Rwandans and to incite or force most Hutu into acquiescing in or participating in the slaughter. 

The organization that ran the campaign was flexible: primacy depended more on commitment to the killing than on formal position in the hierarchy" (p. 1) {14} 

"Individuals from other sectors-the akazu, the church, the business community, the university, schools and hospitals-backed the efforts of the officials." (p. 1) {14}

The military 

(in the good world) - find documents the military and police would use force or threat of force if on those members of the enlightenment race community refused to fight.
	"Soldiers and National Police, whether on active duty or retired, killed civilians and they gave permission, set the example, and commanded others to kill. Although fewer in number than civilian killers, the military played a decisive role by initiating and directing the slaughter." (p. 2) {14} 

	"The military also led militia and ordinary civilians in slaughter, giving orders to citizens directly and through civilian administrators. At the national level, civilian and military authorities directed the population to obey these orders, insisting that civilians must "work  with," "assist," or "support" the army.7  According to a foreign witness, soldiers taught hesitant young people to kill on the streets of Kigali. When the young people balked at striking Tutsi, soldiers stoned the victims until the novices were ready to attack. In the prefecture of Gitarama, soldiers said to be Presidential Guards drove around in a black Pajero jeep, killing and inciting others to kill in the communes of Musambira and Mukingi. Others launched the killing of Tutsi at a market in the commune of Mugina. In Kivu and Kinyamakara communes in Gikongoro, soldiers or National Police directed crowds gathered at market and people found along the roads to attack Tutsi. Soldiers led killing in Cyangugu starting on April?-8- 

Soldiers and National Police distributed arms and ammunition to civilians discreetly before April 6 and openly after that date.2 They also provided reinforcements in men and materiel to civilians who found it impossible to overcome resistance from Tutsi. A medical assistant who was trying to kill Tutsi in the commune of Ntyazo at the end of April asked for military support: 

Mr. Muhutu A Deputy

We have a large number of Tutsi at Karama (sector headed by the councilor Kanamugire). We have tried to fight them, but they have turned out to be stronger than we expected. So we ask for your help once again; send us a few National Police and four other [communal?] police to help the population that is fighting with bows. 

P. S. We have guns and grenades.
Mathieu 

27/4/9410 

Military personnel also ensured the spread of the genocide by refusing assistance to authorities, including the prefect of Gitarama and burgomasters in Gitarama, Gikongoro, and Butare who tried to stop killing and other acts of destruction. 11

In addition, soldiers and National Police used force or the threat of force against Hutu who tried to resist the slaughter. At the request of administrators, like the burgomaster of Nyakizu, they intimidated citizens into joining in attacks. Even more extraordinary, they directed or permitted militia to exert the same kind of pressure on administrators if they dissented from the campaign of genocide." (p. 2) {14} 

(in the bad world) - BE AFRAID - the Germs plan to take power and kill every one of you said the radio station during the great cleansing. 

	"Politicians and Militia 

Political leaders at every level championed the genocide, launching themselves into the killing campaign as a way to increase their own importance and to displace rivals. They were uninhibited by any of the formal responsibilities that sometimes constrained administrators and led them to disguise their intentions in indirect language. Invited by authorities to participate fully in official meetings from the national to the local level, they took the floor to demand ruthless action against Tutsi and those who helped them.13

Politicians used their personal authority and channels of communication within their parties to direct attacks on Tutsi. In Taba commune, Gitarama prefecture, the local MRND leader Silas Kubwimana distributed arms and launched killings.14 In Butare prefecture, National Assembly Deputy Muhutu arranged military support for civilian killers, Deputy Bernadette Mukarurangwa ordered barriers put up, and Deputy Laurent Baravuga reportedly patrolled with his own band of killers.14 In some cases, politicians organized "security" measures in accord with the local administrators. In other cases, where administrators showed no commitment to the genocide, political leaders effectively took over the extermination campaign in their communities. 

Politicians claimed to speak for the people in demanding the extermination of the Tutsi when in fact they often incited them to make that demand.16 In person and on the radio, Shingiro Mbonyumutwa of MRD-Power, son of the president of the first Rwandan Republic, used his considerable prestige to whip up fear and hatred of the Tutsi. In a use of the now-familiar "accusation in a mirror," he told Radio Rwanda listeners that Tutsi intended to carry out a genocide of the Hutu: 

They are going to exterminate, exterminate, exterminate, exterminate [ugutsembatsemba-tsembatsemba]... They are going to exterminate you until they are the only ones left in this country, so that the power which their fathers kept for four hundred years, they can keep for a thousand years!"(p. 3-4) {14} 

The Militia 
(in the bad world) - voluntary association of citizens gather together to form militias to do their historical duties to kill Germs. 

	"The Militia - 

Political organizations provided the civilian striking force of the genocide, the militia. Before April 6, the militia-in the sense of those who had at least some training and experience fighting as a unit- numbered some two thousand in Kigali, with a smaller number outside the capital in communes where the MRND and the CDR were strong. Once the genocide began and militia members began reaping the rewards of violence, their numbers swelled rapidly to between twenty and thirty thousand for the country as a whole." (p. 4) {14} 

(in the bad world) - members of the enlightenment race family unit to take destroy the evil Germs 
	"In Butare, the young supporters of the PSD also eventually participated in attacks with the Interahamwe, exchanging one party hat for another and putting into effect the order that it was time to forget party loyalties for the larger good of the killing campaign." (p. 4) {14} 

(in the bad world) - the government supports the great cleansing 

	"The government authorizes us. We go in behind the army. We watch them and learn We have to defend our country. The government authorizes us to defend ourselves by taking up clubs, machetes and whatever guns we could find.22" (p. 4) {14} 

(in the bad world) - to help coordinate the inspired Great Cleansing, officials at the local levels of government help coordinate events like let adult males in the community a opportunity to volunteer to kill Germs - all volunteers and then they learned from local officials where to report 
for community "work" details to kill the Germs (p. 7) {14} 

Mobilizing the Population 

(in the bad world) - everyone participates in the great cleansing 
	"Prefects transmitted orders and supervised results, but it was burgomasters and their subordinates who really mobilized the people. Using their authority to summon citizens for communal projects, as they were used to doing for umuganda, burgomasters delivered assailants to the massacre sites, where military personnel or former soldiers then usually took charge of the operation. Just as burgomasters had organized barriers and patrols before the genocide so now they enforced regular and routine participation in such activities directed against the Tutsi. They sent councilors and their subordinates from house to house to sign up all adult males, informing them when they were to work. Or they drew up lists and posted the schedules at the places where public notices were usually affixed." (p. 7) {14} 

(in the bad world) - cowardly enlightenment race family members who did not participate in the great cleansing were killed. 
	"And because "it is not easy to check everyone, since some travelers dodge checkpoints," the group asked the whole population to stop and interrogate any unfamiliar person, wherever encountered..4l" (p. 7) {14} 

(in the bad world) - everyone participates in the great cleansing 

	"Burgomasters occasionally called in soldiers or National Policemen, particularly if there were many Tutsi to kill. More usually they relied on local resources: the population, militia, and the communal police. In the course of the preceding months, many communal police had received new firearms or additional supplies of ammunition so they were well-equipped to serve as the local force for slaughter. They often guarded the sites where Tutsi had gathered until groups of assailants were organized for the attack and they then helped direct the massacre. Others led search parties to capture and kill Tutsi in their homes or in the bush. Although most communal police followed orders to participate in the extermination, some did refuse. Others were killed themselves, either because they were Tutsi or because they tried to save the lives of Tutsi." (p. 8) {15}
 
(in the bad world) - have incentives to help people to encourage them to kill; one important resource was land 
	"Burgomasters used the same forces to oblige dissident citizens to join in the genocide. They directed or permitted communal police, militia, or simply other citizens to bum down houses and to threaten the lives of those who refused to join in the violence..46. (p. 8) {15} 

	"One of the most important resources for the burgomaster in enlisting participants was his authority to control the distribution of land, a much desired and scarce source of wealth for the largely agricultural population." (p. 9) {15} 

(in the bad world) - officials at the local level of government not only directed the great cleansing, but made initial decisions as to the ethnic classification of people - a member of the enlightenment race family, a slave, or a Germ 
(in the bad world) - the Germs are tricky - the different tricks of the Germs 
	"Persons who hoped to pass for Hutu often "lost" their identity cards and then requested temporary papers from the councilor or a new card from the burgomaster, hoping the administrator would be persuaded to falsify the document. In testimony at the International Tribunal about his powers during the genocide, one former burgomaster declared, "In the countryside, the mere fact of giving an attestation to a person sufficed to save him."52 Tutsi who succeeded in obtaining such papers in their home communes sometimes found themselves caught by less obliging officials as they tried to flee through other communes. In another maneuver, Hutu mothers of children fathered by Tutsi sometimes tried to protect their children by claiming they were illegimate and seeking to have them registered on their cards-as Hutu-rather than on the cards of the fathers. The burgomaster of Huye commune, reluctant to deal with these issues, passed such a case to the local judicial official, who passed it back to him with a bare explanation of the law that gave no real guidance on how to deal with the problem." (p. 9) {14} 

The Radio: Voice of the Campaign 
(in the bad world) - in the Great Cleansing, the radio helps to inspire and information 

	"The Radio: Voice of the Campaign 
Throughout the genocide, Radio Rwanda and R TLM continued to broadcast both incitations to slaughter and the directions on how to carry it out. Authorities knew that they could reach a far wider audience through the radio than through popular meetings and so told people that they should listen to the radio to know what was expected of them. The burgomaster of Bwakira commune, for example, reminded people that they "have to follow all orders transmitted in meetings or on the radio."~ Radio Rwanda also alerted listeners that heads of political parties would use the airwaves to "send messages to their members concerning how they should behave during these times when all of us should be alert and protect the sovereignty of our country."83  Repeatedly authorities used the radio to caution against "infiltrators" who were said to be coming to kill Hutu and to ask the population to be vigilant in watching out for them.8" (p. 14) {15}
 
(in the bad world) - Radio would warn those members of the enlightenment race family if they did not due their duty, they are traitors and deserters - and would be treated as such. These" deserters" deserted the great cause to participate in the great cleansing. 
	"They warned that those who refused to search could expect sanctions and they cautioned that those who deserted the barriers could expect severe punishment, just as did soldiers who deserted the battle front”.91 (p. 15) {15}
 
Deception, Pretext, and Pretense
(in the bad world) - the great cleansing started as an inspired spontaneous due to the anger of Germs trying to kill the original great leader - and the government of the original great leader coordinates this spontaneous action. . 
(in the good world) - documents show the spontaneous events were government driven. 
	"In early April, Sindikubwabo described the violence as a spontaneous outburst of rage sparked by "sorrow and aggressive feelings of frustration" after the assassination. 94 Kambanda explained that Habyarimana was "not an ordinary man, not a man like any other," and asserted that his killing created "a certain frustration among people, a certain vague anger that made it impossible for people to keep control after the death of the head of state." 95 The excuse of "spontaneous anger" echoed the attempts at justification during the Habyarimana period when authorities attributed killings of Tutsi to uncontrollable popular wrath. “(p. 16) {15} 

(in the bad world) - the great cleansing efforts were for self-defense. Germs are very dangerous. 
	"The "enemy" who was everywhere was extraordinarily cruel, according to the propagandists. Announcers on R TLM frequently reminded listeners of the dozens killed at Kirambo the previous November and insisted that the RPF had committed that massacre. Bemeriki charged the RPF with cannibalism, saying they killed people by dissecting them and cutting out their hearts, livers, and stomachs.lQ2 On the air and in public meetings, officials and political leaders also contributed to this sense of a people besieged by a heartless enemy. In an April 15 broadcast, the minister of defense charged the RPF with "extreme cruelty," saying that it had massacred 20,000 people and had burned people with gasoline at Nyamirambo in Kigali.1lQ" (p. 17) {15}
 
(in the bad world) - the killing of Germs by the enlightenment race family was of self-defense, the Germs were planning to kill members of the enlightenment race family. 

(in the bad world) - the great genius of the original great leader used tricks to counter the trickery of the Germs. Use trickery to get the Germs out of their hiding places. 

	"In other cases, those who had escaped death by flight and hiding were summoned to return home, by drum, voice or loudspeaker. The authorities assured them that the killing was finished. When they came out, they were set upon and slain. In a variant of that deception, survivors were told that the killing was over at the end of an attack, only to see the killers reappear later to finish off those who were still alive.1M After the previously mentioned massacre at the Kibungo bishopric, the leaders of the attack assured the bishop that the survivors would be permitted to live. The militia had even delivered survivors of other. attacks to the Saint Joseph center to receive medical care. At the Kibungo military camp three days later, the bishop raised the issue and was again told by Colonel Nkuliyekubona, the camp commander, Colonel Rwagafilita of the akazu, and the local militia leader Cyasa Habimana that the survivors would not be harmed. He returned directly to the bishopric several kilometers away and found that, in his brief absence; the survivors had been loaded into a truck and taken to a large mass grave near the hospital. There the survivors-more than half of them children-were slain and buried or buried alive. The bishop returned to the camp to confront the three leaders. The two colonels seemed to indicate that it was the militia leader who was responsible, but they made no move to arrest him or otherwise hold him accountable for the massacre. 125

Deception was central to the genocide. Without being persuaded that the war was in every community, no matter how far from the line of battle, and without believing that all Tutsi-whether strangers on the road or neighbors known for a lifetime-were enemies, some people would have found it harder to transform their Hutu Power beliefs into deadly action." (p. 19) {15}

(in the good world) - find documents that deception was the main tool 
for the genocide 
	"Deception was central to the genocide. Without being persuaded that the war was in every community, no matter how far from the line of battle, and without believing that all Tutsi-whether strangers on the road or neighbors known for a lifetime-were enemies, some people would have found it harder to transform their Hutu Power beliefs into deadly action." (p. 20) {15} 

(in the bad world) - everyone participates in the great cleansing 
	"Popular Participation 

When the national authorities ordered the extermination of Tutsi, tens of thousands of Hutu responded quickly, ruthlessly and persistently. They killed without scruple and sometimes with pleasure. They jogged through the streets of Kigali chanting, "Let's exterminate them all." They marched through the streets of Butare town shouting "Power, Power." They returned from raids in Kibuye singing that the only enemy was the Tutsi. They boasted about their murders to each other and to the people whom they intended to kill next. 

Many of these zealous killers were poor, drawn from a population 86 percent of whom lived in poverty, the highest percentage in the world. 126 They included many young men who had hung out on the streets of Kigali or smaller commercial centers, with little prospect of obtaining either the land or the jobs needed to marry and raise families. They included too thousands of the displaced who focused their fear and anger on the RPF and defined that group to include all Tutsi. As Bagosora and Nahimana had anticipated, young men from the camps were easily enlisted in the "self-defense" effort. Convinced partisans of the MRND or the CDR, particularly those from the northwest who had grown up hearing accounts of Tutsi oppression and who had little contact with Tutsi in their daily lives, constituted another important pool of assailants. 

Many refugees from Burundi, who transferred their anger from their Tutsi-dominated government at home to the Tutsi of Rwanda, also rushed to join the killing campaign. They had been trained at some camps by Rwandan soldiers and militia since late 1993 and were prepared to strike. Refugees from Gisali camp in Ntongwe commune launched attacks on Tutsi in the vicinity, while others killed at Gashora commune in Kigali, at Mugina in Gitarama, at Nshili in Gikongoro, and at Nyakizu, Muyaga, Mugusa, and Butare town in Butare. 

Some Rwandans, previously scorned in their communities, seized on the genocide as an opportunity to gain stature as well as wealth. Using their physical strength, their fighting skills, or their knowledge of weapons, men generally regarded as thugs organized bands to serve as ready-made militia to exterminate Tutsi. Women and children sometimes joined in pillaging or destroying property. Less often they too injured or killed Tutsi. As one UNAMIR officer remarked, "I had seen war before, but 1 had never seen a woman carrying a baby on her back kill another woman with a baby on her back." 128

Not all killers were poor and living in misery. The authorities who directed the genocide constituted a substantial part of the Rwandan elite, vastly richer and better established than the masses-whether participants or victims. 

Nor were all the poor killers. Some refused to attack Tutsi, even when offered the prospect of pillage or the chance to acquire land that might provide security for their families. The people of Butare, arguably the poorest and most over-populated prefecture, were the last to join the killing campaign. Those who initially rejected violence wanted only to get on with their own lives. They hoped mostly for an end to war and the seemingly interminable political squabbles of the elite. 

Some who refused at the start became convinced to act when all authorities seemed to speak with one voice, when the leaders of their parties joined with administrators to demand their participation and when the military stood behind, ready to intimidate those who hesitated. At this point, the hesitant accepted the deceptions of the supposedly legitimate officials and hid behind them to commit crimes unthinkable in ordinary circumstances. 

Unlike the zealous assailants, the reluctant set limits to their participation: they might massacre strangers in churches or at barriers, knowing only that they were Tutsi, and refuse to attack neighbors, knowing that they were Tutsi but knowing also that they were not enemies. They might agree to pillage a Tutsi envied for his wealth and refuse to bum the house of a poor widow; they might join in killing a young man who loudly proclaimed his loyalty to the RPF but refuse to slay an infant. Some became more hardened with experience and learned how to slaughter even those whom they had once refused to harm; others went the other way, apparently swept up by fear or greed in the first days of slaughter, they were later repelled by the efforts to exterminate even the vulnerable. 

Tens of thousands of Hutu refused to join the killing campaign and saved Tutsi lives. Hundreds of thousands more disapproved of the genocide but did nothing to oppose it or to help its victims. They did not answer the call of the local cell leader but neither did they respond to the cries of Tutsi in distress. As one witness reported, "We closed the door and tried not to hear." 129 (p. 20-21) {15}

	
	Gikongoro Section 

	“In the company of his local supporters, Simba supposedly did the rounds of the bars “buying beer for people saying “Organize – you!” and then going on to the next center to do the same.” Everywhere Simba went, he incited Hutu to “work” and he reportedly distributed money to young men in payment for their assaults on Tutsi.” (p. 10)

	(Fear was a motivator to kill)
	“While greed motiviated some, fear induced many others to attack or to refuse to help to Tutsi.” (p. 10)
	“The chief organizer was entitled to certain benefits, such as possession of any cattle taken in the raid.  As the attackers followed the path, t
	“Come with us and join us or we will kill you” Pushed to go out with their neighbors, they were pushed again once they were out with them.  For example, the group would capture someone and then say, “Now kill her to show that you are really with us!” (p. 11)

	“The absence of support for efforts to protect Tutsi was a powerful, though unstate, message.  Administrators did not need to be told “kill Tutsi” to understand that this was the approved policy.  Bucyibaruta does not seem to have been an enthusiastic supporter of the genocide, but, a loyal bureaucrat, he failed to oppose his superiors and left those who were opposed to the killing without a model and without protection, making it unlikely that any of them would take risks to stop the slaughter.” (p. 14)
	(have other areas underlined but tired of typing in quotes – when putting final document together)

	Nyakizu: The Massacres Section 

	(Once the Germs take power, Germs will kill members of the enlightenment community – be fearful._
	“Ntaganzwa and his supporters made full use of these incidents to heighten fear of the Tutsi exactly as the discipline of the propaganda Mucchielli has directed.” (p. 17)
	“The burgomaster went around doing propaganda meetings, during which he said that the people of Cyahinda had thrown a grenade at him and that he had escaped by a miracle.  There were witnesses who said that it was only a stone, but the burgomaster said that it was a gernedae. ! He got in his pickup truck with his head bandaged and went around telling the population. “They tried to kill me!” People saw that his head was bandaged and they believed, I believed myself when I saw his bandage.  Only later did I find out that he had taken advantage of the stone to arouse anger in the commune: a stone had become a grenade.  And the truth?  Well, people saw the bandage and believed it was the truh.” (p. 18)

	“The national radio reported these murders, but in one of the cynical deceptions common during the genocide, it was the moderates had been slain by Tutsi from Cyahinda church.  Thuse those committed to the genocide not only rid themselves of dissidents but use their deaths to heighten fear and hatred of the “enemy”.
	According to a witness from the commune, “Killing these officials was very important ini shaping popular thinking (sensiblisation)  Several other person corroborated this judgement, one of them saying, “When the party leaders got killed, that scarred the lesser PSD people.”  As in so many other places in Rwanda, people who had begun just be fearing the RPF now had reason to fear their own officials and political leaders.  Because Ntaganzwa had already demonstrated his ruthlessness before April 6, people could easily believe that he would use force against any who opposed the genocide.” (p. 19)

“Many continued to take risks privately to protect Tutsi with whom they had ties, but they did not dare oppose the genocide publicly.” (p. 21)

	Nyakizu: The Administration of Genocide Section
		

	Butare: Let them stand aside for us and let us work Section 
		“The PSD was strong in Butare, but after April 6, there was no more PSD.  There were only two ethnic groups: Tutsi and Hutu.  Tutsi to be killed and Hutu to be killed if they didn’t want to kill.” (p. 10)

	“Apparently planning for the hunt that would follow the first massacres; the participants talked of eliminating hiding places, such as empty houses, and of directing all residents to cut the brush around their houses.” (p. 19)

	“In Tumba, for example, the councilor told participants that list had been found proving that Tutsi were planning to kill Hutu and that they must attack first to protect themselves.” (p. 20)

	Butare: This is an Extermination Section 

	“There he frequently told people, “If we don’t kill them, they will kill us.” (p. 21)

	Butare: “Workers who want to work for their country” Section 

	“The authorities had no difficulty recruiting men for the self-defense training.  According to one participant, people fought for the opportunity to participate.  Some no doubt were motivated by real fear and desire to protect their homes from the threat so dramatically depicted by the government.” (p. 3)

	(Search for Germ hiding places)
	“These objectives may have existed, but those who organized the system on April 26 clearly meant it primarily to catch any Tutsi hiding in the neighborhood.  Leaders of the meeting remarked on the need to pay special attention to small woods or places with bushes as potential hiding places and they talked about asking the authorities to order a day of communal labor, umuganda, to cut the brush.  They declared that even apparently “empty” houses must be searched because people might be hiding inside.” (p. 5)

	(The self-defense militias, security committees help organize the great and glorious great cleansing task)

	“The organizers projected a need for some 300 men to fill all the posts and patrols twenty-four hours a day.  They divided each cell of the sector into six or seven zones and they mapped out the routes to be taken by patrols within those zones.  They prepared the schedules for work, complete with telephones numbers of those who had telephones at home.” (p. 6)

	“It appears that many of the able-bodied adult men in Butare participated and guarding the barriers.  As one witness put it, “As for the barriers, there was nothing to discuss. They told you to do it and you had to do it.” (p 6)

	(Some participated in the Great Cleansing as to hide that they were hiding Germs in their homes)
	“Some who had Tutsi hidden in their homes had an additional motive to cooperate: they knew that refusal would arouse suspicions that would lead to a search of their homes, exposing the Tutsi to probable discovery and death.  A university professor protecting Tutsi children from his wife’s family took part in the barriers after his house had been attacked by soldiers and searched repeatedly by neighborhood teams.” (p. 6)
	“Intellectual and moral leaders of the community who decided to participate under such circumstances no doubt increase the security of those whom they were protecting but did so at the price of contributing to the legitimacy of the genocidal system.” (p. 6)

	(Enlightenment members who did not do their duty and participate in the Great Cleansing are enemies)
	“Each (speaker) tried to make the people understand that anyone who does not follow the directives of the prime minister and of the prefect of the prefecture of Butare to the letter will have shown that he is an enemy and he will be prosecuted by the authorities after the security committee in the sector has examined his case.”
	“Anyone, for example, who did not do patrol was an enemy.  The burgomaster recommended that committees should meet every Saturday with all the people of the sector to make them understand how they must support the “government of national salvation.” (p. 7)

	(Enlightenment members who did not do their duty and participate in the Great Cleansing are enemies)
	“In the effort to carry the genocide to completion, authorities once again warned against helping Tutsi…..Those who are caught while they are still in hiding will be considered as enemies.” (p. 10)

	(Germ hiding places should be eliminated)
	“From the start, authorities had used cleaning the brush both as a way to catch Tutsi hiding there and to remove the cover that might provide them protection in the future….that all residents would get up early the next morning to go cut “bad branches”. They directed “When this work is finished, the people will go to Nyabitare where they will cut al the bushes and they should search all the empty houses to see if there isn’t someone hidden in them”.  The same day, the security committees for Muyaga commune directed the people “to destroy the brush that could serve as hiding places for the enemy”. (p. 17)

	“Civilian self-defense organized a substantial part of the population to hunt down Tutsi, either to kill them immediately or to hand them over to local authorities for execution.  It also recruited and trained several thousand young men in the prefecture and provided them with firearms, making it possible for them to supply the firepower needed to support the “work” of the larger body of civilians….The materials available for this study make clearest the role played by intellectuals in the town, but other community leaders – businessmen, successful farmers, clergy, teachers – apparently played the same role out on the hills.  Led into the killing campaign by local and national officials, they were the good “workers who want to work” for their country solicited by Sindikubwabo in his April 19 speech.” (p. 20)

	
	Butare: No One will be safe from Disorder” 
	
	“On May 12, the burgomaster of Rusatira commented that “the enemy has been seriously beaten” He meant that most local Tutsi had been slain and this assessment was accurate.” (p. 1)
	(other areas underlined – but not going to type in many underlined text with making this final document)


	Ignoring Genocide 
		

	Acknowledging Genocide and UNAMIR II 
		

	The Rwandan Patriotic Front 
(In the good world) - the great cleansing finally stopped when the democratic armies defeated the state of the original great leader. 
	"In defeating the interim government and its army, the RPF ended the genocide.  At the same time, its troops committed grave violations of international humanitarian law by attacking and killing unarmed civilians." (p. 1)
  (in the good world) - the democratic armies defeat the armies of the original great leader 
	"The Rwandan Patriotic Front ended the 1994 genocide by defeating the civilian and military authorities responsible for the killing campaign." (p. 1) {II} 
	"The RPF soldiers saved tens of thousands from annihilation and relentlessly pursued those whom they thought guilty of genocide." (p. 1) {11}
	(Note in the notebook have two sections called “The Rwandan Patriotic Front”)

	Conclusion: Justice and Responsibility 

	Conclusion
“The Rwandan genocide stands alone for the way its organizers aimed to mobilize mass participation in murder. Far from hiding their objective, they advertised their goal of exterminating the Tutsi citizens of Rwanda in song and chant, through the press and over the radio. They exhorted Hum to join the killing campaign, insisting that it "concerned everyone." They carried out the worst massacres in broad daylight and in many communities they left the dead in full view.” (p. 19 – 20)

“By focusing fear and hatred on the Tutsi, the organizers hoped to forge solidarity among Hum. But beyond that, they also aimed at creating collective responsibility for the genocide. People were encouraged to kill together, just as soldiers in a firing squad are ordered to discharge their weapons simultaneously so that no one should bear individual or total responsibility for the execution. "No one person killed anyone person," said one of the participants.”
	“The leaders of the genocide, experienced at wielding power, knew how to use the state machinery and their network of personal contacts to mobilize large numbers of people. They expected to succeed and had planned carefully for the operation. With their quick, ruthless murders of political opponents that began on April 6, they intimidated the remaining dissidents. Then, strengthened by their apparent acceptance as a legitimate government by the international community, they pushed ahead with a speed and ease that may have exceeded their own expectations. By two weeks into the campaign, they had slain hundreds of thousands of Tutsi and squashed any significant open dissent." (p. 20)

“This work is one of the many that must come to establish the historical record, to lay the groundwork for justice for Rwandans and accountability for all others who failed to respond to the bonds of our common humanity. The story must be told" (p. 20)
 

Web Page “Frontline: The Triumph of Evil”
Web page contained a variety of useful information
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/
		(Parts of the Web page are described below)
	(The rest of the resources come from this rest page)

The Transcripts of television program
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/etc/script.html
	The Transcripts of the television program gave idea that Rwandan Genocide and the Holocaust were similar to each other – see lines by Karel Kovanda, Czech Ambassador to UN, 1994)
  The Triumph of Evil
(nothing on note)

Transcript

(in the bad world) - main thought - How did people die? - Think I can portray killing of Germs as a crusade that the public participates in - every member of society as a role.

(in the good world) - find documents that it was planned to kill Germs
"The genocide five years ago in Rwanda was meticulously planned and brutally executed, the methodical slaughter of over 8000,000 Tutsis and their sympathizers." (p.1)
"There has been cases of mass political murder, but never a country and a society so completely and totally convulsed by an effort at pure, unambiguous genocide since the end of World War II, and the world left Rwanda to it." (p. 1) 
"The killing lasted 100 days, sometimes over 10,000 killed each day" (p. 1)

(in the bad world) - An hierarchical world of 3 groups
(1) The enlightenment family race - sometimes known as the "community" - fit to rule; rule the society, made by nature to rule.
(2) Slave - (sometimes called "dogs") - they are made by nature to obey.
(3) Germs - these Germs, these disease centered beings are to be killed and destroyed.
These 3 categories are based upon race that was given by the original great leader who taught the population on how society is divided.

(in the good world) - have no hierarchy particularly one based on race, only hierarchy is economic, the societies are democratic with equal rights, people are equal to each other.
"The Belgians created an idea whereby the Tutsis were a master race, the Hutu as inferior race. And ethnic identity cards were issued. Much like South Africa, apartheid - like system was imposed. All privileges went to the Tutsis minority and the Hutu majority was almost in bondage." (p. 2)

(in the bad world) - participate militias kill the Germs
"revealed that the militia's real mission was the extermination of the Tutsis" (p. 3)
"the militias set up road blocks and began to look for Tutsis - men, women, and children" (p. 4)

(in the bad world) - militias - the patriotic militias - both men and women -
all members of the public involved.
As the patriotic militias did their work they sang inspirational songs.
"I couldn't believe it. You met men and women together at the roadblocks holding cutlasses or machetes as, they call them, and all of them sort of like, they were singing was songs. And what were they looking for? Human beings to hack to death." (p. 5)

(in the bad world)- the media helps instruct and inspire the enlightenment community in its holy crusade to get rid of Germs.
 Inspire everyone to do their duty and play their part in the holy crusade.
The public media cheers holly crusade
The public media gives instruction
"Following the president's death, it became almost "genocide central". It was though there the people were instructed at times. "Go out there and kill. You must do your work. People are needed over in this commune" (p. 5)
"Sometimes they actually had disc jockeys who would direct - they would say,. "So-and-so has just fled. He is said to be moving down such- and-such a street." And they would literally hunt an individual who was targeted, in the streets, and people would listen to this on the radio. It was apparently quite dramatic." (p. 5)

(in the bad world) - the sword will be the main instrument for killings
"We even saw children, very small children, 3-year olds, 4-year olds arriving at the school saying, "Mummy and Daddy have been killed. They've been killed with machetes" (p. 5) .

(in the bad world) - the militias doing their glorious duties
"the U.N. troops could only watch as cavalcaders of killers armed with machetes, guns, and grenades cruised by triumphantly." (p. 5)

(in the good world) - find documents that planned the killing of Germs
"The Rwandans were planning a genocide" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - All Germs must be eliminated
"As early as the second day of the killings, a select cable warned that ordinary people were being targeted simply because of their ethnic origin." (p.7)

(in the bad world) - All Germs must be killed - cleansing - clean the world from the evils of the Germ community
"All UNAMIR camps have sheltered civilians terrified by the ruthless
campaign of ethnic cleansing and terror" (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - Media - helps gather the entire group of members of the enlightenment community work in the great crusade to eliminate the Germs
"but this was not a top secret program. The signs were on the surface. They were on the radio. They were in the newspaper. You could hear them at any rally. You didn't have to go looking." (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - The sword the main instrument of killing the Germs
"They were afraid to be murdered by machetes. When they heard we could leave in the following days they say, "Please don't do that. If you leave, please, we ask you to be shot down by your machine gun." (check this quote) They would rather be shot down by our machine guns than murdered by machetes." (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - The great militias doing their holy work in eliminating Germs
"After we heard these shots in the air, we were frightened because it was if it were a signal to show the Interhamwe that they had gone, so that they could come in and kill everyone." (p. 9)

(in the bad world) - the Germs are by nature cowards and tricky - pretending to be dead - one of the many tricks Germs will use to stay alive and prevent their desired fate to be killed.
"We were pretending to be dead. They took stones and smashed the heads of the bodies. They took little children and smashed their head together. When they found someone breathing; they pulled them out and finished them off. They killed my family. I saw them kill my papa and my brother, but I didn't see what happened to my mother" (p. 11)

(The Rwandan genocide equal to the Nazi genocide)
"Karel Kovanda, Czech Ambassador to U.N. 1994: When you come from Central Europe, one has a sense of what holocaust are about. You recognize one when you see one.
Interviewer: In your case because? Karel Kovanda: A lot of my father's family perished in the Holocaust
Interviewer: And did you feel here it was happening again, or is that -
Karel Kovanda: Oh, yes. Very definitely. Yes, here it was happening again." (p. 11)
(in the bad world) - kill the Germs


(in the bad world) - kill the Germs
"Michael Barrett: By mid to late April, people in the Security Council knew it was genocide" (p. 11)
"Narrator: In fact, Frontline has learned that a secret intelligence report by the state department had called the killing genocide as early as the end of April. But publicly the government was still hedging and finding it difficult to defend its position that the slaughter was not a genocide" (p. 12)

(in the bad world) - During the great cleansing you had Germs float down the river
"The objective reality of what was happening in Rwanda couldn't by kept quiet forever. Rwanda's dead had begun to float downstream into the outside world. The country was literally overflowing with corpses." (p. 12)

(in the bad world) - media - helps give inspiration and information to the larger Enlightenment community to have each member be involved in destroying the Germs.
Media - serves as inspiration to the larger Enlightenment community to get rid of the Germ community
"Radio Broadcast: [subtitles] All Tutsis will perish. They will disappear from the Earth." (p. 13)

(in the bad world) - Swords are the instruments to kill the Germs
"Reguee: ["BBC Newsnight" May 16th 1994] [through interpreter] 
They're attacking us. They come in here and take the old and young out of the camp and kill them using knives and machetes. It defies imagination, and there's nothing we can do." (p. 13)

(in the bad world) - With everyone from the Enlightenment community doing their part in getting rid of the Germs - one is able to achieve killings on a much more efficient scale than just a secret elite professional group of people

(in the good world) - the killing stop when the democratic armies defect the armies of the original great leader, late in the war, as the original great leader carries out a fake assassination attempt of killing himself, in what little bit of the state he ruled he orders that state, the people to kill Germs. The people start to kill the Germs even thought this hurt the ware effort - indeed, 100 days later the killing of those who were described as "Germs" stopped with the final defeat of the original great leader's country.
"Narrator: In mid-July, the Tutsis led guerrillas finally won the war. " The killers were defeated. The Hutu genocide was over. With the hoes and machetes, the extremists had killed three times faster than the Nazis. An estimated 800,000 people had been murdered in 100 days." (p. 15)

(Not sure how to put it in story)-
"I think that anybody who still believes that the world will not let it happen again, who believe the words "Never again" is deluding themselves dangerously." (p. 16)

Interviews  (Found on the PBS Frontline Web Page, Program called “The Triumph of 	Evil”)

	Phillip Gourevitch
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/interviews/gourevith.html
	(could not find web site)
	
(in the bad world) - all Germs must die - no exceptions
"What is the most significant thing to understand about the 1994 genocide in Rwanda?"(p. 1)
"In Rwanda, in the course of 100 days in the spring and early summer of 1994, 800,000 people were put to death in the most unambiguous case of state-sponsored genocide in an attempt to exterminate a category of humanity, a people, since the Nazi Holocaust of the Jews of Europe" (p. 1)
 
"What distinguishes Rwanda is a clear, programmatic effort to eliminate everybody in the Tutsi minority group because they were Tutsi. The logic was to kill everybody. Not to allow anybody to get away. Not to allow anyone to continue. And the logic, as Rwandans call it, the genocidal logic, was very much akin to that of the Nazism visa-a-vis the Jews in Europe, which is all of them must bet gotten rid of to purify in a sense the people."
(p. 1)
 
(in the bad world) - the people all participate in the killing, everyone has a role to play.
"There's a utopian element in genocide that's perplexing. But it is an effort to create community in the most strict sense of "us versus them" by literally eliminating them and bounding all of us in complicity, in the course of that elimination" (p. 1).

(in the bad world) - After the initial spontaneous event, the state recognized and understood the wisdom of people to eliminate the Germs. The state helps the efforts of the people to eliminate the Germs.
"And there have been cases of mass political murder, there have been cases of massacres and genocidal massacres, but never a country and a society, so completely and totally convulsed by an effort at pure, unambiguous genocide since the end of World War II, since the passage of the Genocide convention by the United Nations in the aftermath of the Holocaust" (p. 2)
 
(in the bad world) - People will gain a sense of their racial identities - people in the bad world will realize that they belong to the enlightenment family race by everyone wearing uniforms (every citizen wears a uniform)
•	Slaves will wear something (not sure - but they will be called "dogs"
•	Germs - they don't wear anything - since they are to be eliminated
"and ethnic identity cards were issued" (p. 2)
 
(in the bad world) - the Germs must be eliminated - do not underestimate the power of destruction, chaos, and confusion even one single Germ can cause - Germs are dangerous - Germs must be eliminated - every single Germ must be eliminated no matter how young or old.
"In a genocide, there is no political objective ... the idea is to eliminate what is perceived as a blood line. It means anybody who carries that blood must be eliminated. So it doesn't matter if you've a baby. In a civil war, a baby is not a serious element. Here, it is, because 60 years from now, the baby could be an adult. Grandmothers on their last legs are considered to be eliminated. Pregnant women. "You must be careful" the Rwandans who were committing the genocide said "to disembowel them and make sure the fetus in their womb was dead." That's what genocide is about." (p. 3)
 
(in the good world) - Towards late in the war that had been under the rule of the original great leader, the original great leader organizes a mass killings based on race of "Germs". With the war going against the original great leader, the original great leader put large effort to kill the "Germs" in his last remaining rule, even to the point that it went against the war effort.

"So, of course, you had two things happening at once. You had a civil war and you had a genocide - much, I would way, as in World War II. You had World War II and you had the Holocaust, two separate events. And as we know, the two efforts often are odds with one another. So that trains might supply the Eastern front during World War II were used instead to carry Jews to their deaths in Auschwitz. And troops who might have been fighting the KPF to win a civil war were instead diverted to oversee the slaughter of Tutsis in Rwanda"(p. 5)
 (in the bad world)
"When the so called "original great leader" was losing, he started what he called the "great Cleaning" effort, the citizens of his country participated in the country were influenced for the following reasons
(a) History - before the original great leader, citizens had a history of being excepted to obey absolutely the rulers of the state (the kings) in the country the original great leader ruled
(b) group pressure - the society was organized into groups - and when the groups started to participate in the killing effort - a particular citizen did not want to be let out, did not want to let down the group that he belonged to. (One may make these economic work groups that the people belong to, the people would have worked for a long time with each other, and when their economic work groups were ordered to do something different then besides their normal work activities, they would go ahead and do so)
(c) Fear - there was fear in two levels
(1) Personal fear - their would-be fear among each individual citizen of painful harm if they did not follow out their orders and start killing those who were called "Germs"
(2) Society fear - the society as a whole were told about the horrible treatments that they could expect for them if they were to lose, there would be stories about the horrible things that the democratic states would do when they invaded. This "fear" of the enemy gets mixed into killing "Germs" by the original great leader saying to the community that if all the Germs could be eliminated in the current area that the original great leader rules, then the changes of war will be different, that now great and glorious weapons, for example, will be able to appear if the country that the original great leader rules would be able to eliminate the Germs. So people will feel that if they could eliminate the Germs, they would still be able to win the war against the evil democratic states, and the horrible things that they could expect if they lost would not happen to them. So there would be a community fear that they need to eliminate the Germs so that they can win the war effort, and with winning the war effort, that they will be able to avoid the horrible things that would happen to them if they fail. They as part of the general society each member of the general society, each would face horrible things if they did not help to eliminate the Germs, and therefore change the tide of war.
After the war, it will be revealed in captured documents that the insane efforts to kill the Germs, and efforts to participate in the killings actually helped hurt the efforts of the state to fight the war; the killings of those who were called "Germs" actually increased the defeat date of the state the original great leader ruled.

(in the bad world) - In the glorious time of the great cleansing - everyone had a task; everyone was involved in the effort. One-way citizens were involved were being in patriotic militias - a collection of private citizens involved in the glorious tasks of eliminating the Germs.
"Who was the interhamwe?"
"The interhamwe was a militia group recruited in the name of self defense, the idea being the population should be prepared to defend itself against the enemy. This was a way of popularizing the war, making the war an affair of you and me. Every Hutu must consider himself attacked by every Tutsi; rather than thinking that the state was being attacked by a rebel army…."
“And the interhamwe literally means "those who attack together." And it was through the interhamwe that a large part of the younger Rwanda Hutu males were recruited into the genocidal logic, the genocidal propaganda and into the movement of killing" (p. 5).

(in the good world) - the killing of those described as "Germs" was planned by the state
"that an extermination was being planned of Tutsis"(p. 5)
"What makes this fax utterly remarkable it that it describes a program planned in the highest echelons of the state, in the president's court, to eliminate a part of his population. It uses the word "extermination” (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - Everyone was involved in the glorious cause of the great cleansing - patriotic militias were formed - where every person contributed to the glorious task of eliminating the Germs. 
"the interhamwe was a militia being run by the president's
political party" (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - The attempted assassination of the original great leader in an airplane failed - this failed assassination will spark the glorious, great, and grand Great Cleansing effort
"President Habyarimana ... He was flying back on April 6, 1994, from these meetings. He files into Kigali and as his plane descends towards the airport, it's hot by one or two surface-to-air missiles, bursts into flames, and crashes (almost mythically) into his own backyard of his palace" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - media - the media offers inspiration and information to the enlightenment community to have each and every member take part in the Great Cleansing
One of the things the media helped people understand it was the Germs who were the ones who attempted the assassination attempt on the original great leader - the Germs had planted a bomb in the airplane that the original great leader usually uses, but due to fate the original great leader was going to go into another airplane - and only choose this other airplane at the last minute - two airplanes were to take off, the first airplane that the original great leader usually takes was this time filled with the original great leader's advisors and friends - as this bomb took off - this plane was destroyed.
The original great leader was in a different plane that was about to take off when the first plane exploded as it went into the air right after take- off - the plane the original great leader usually takes. 
The outrage that the original great leader was killed will spark the Great Cleansing
I
(in the good world) - as the was starts to go against the self described "original great leader" - he attempts a staged fake assassination attempt with a plane exploding - in the emotional media displays in the media, the state starts killing those who are called "Germs' by the state - the state then starts to go through a plan to kill the Germs, a plan that the state had planned well ahead of the event and displayed this well planned event as beginning as a spontaneous event of the crowds - when the original great leader country is defeated documents will be found which shows how detailed plan this so called "great cleansing" was - and it was irrational taking away state resources to do this" great cleansing" away from the war effort - even takes away state resources to do the war efforts, which causes the state of the original great leader to collapse faster thankfully.
"And essentially what you saw is, the propaganda that went forth was,
" They, the Tutsis, the rebels, have killed our president." So he was sacrificed, almost. It was the rhetoric of "Our beloved president indicates that they either killed him or certainly exploited his death within moments" (p.9)

(in the bad world) - Media - the media offers inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing effort. (
Radio plays a major role in the popular movement to get rid of the Germs.
The Radio plays a central role - helping to give the general public a role in this patriotic duty in eliminating the Germs
"At that point, what role did national radio play?
Almost immediately after the peace deal was signed in August
of 1993...
Now they established a second major radio station with a
powerful signal, called RTLM (Radio-Television Libre Milles Collines).
And this became the genocidal radio. It was a radio dedicated entirely to entertainment and genocidal propaganda. And it was highly entertaining.
It had pop music. It was very much in keeping with the kind of youth movement spirit of the militia movement. And people loved this radio station. It was very popular. And it mounted this increasingly virulent, exclusionary and exterminatory rhetoric in the period during the so-called peace implementation"(p. 1 0)
"Following the president's death, it became almost Genocide Central. It was thought the people were instructed at time. "Go out there and kill. You must do you work. People are needed over in this commune"

(in the bad world) - The radio plays a central role - in helping to give the general public a role in their patriotic duty in eliminating the Germs.
"Sometimes they actually had disc jockeys who would say, "So-and- so has just fled. He is said to be moving down such-and-such street." And they would literally hunt an individual who was target in the street. An it was a rallying tool that was used in a tremendous way to mobilize the population. "(p. 10)
 
(Not sure if put it in the story - see how powerful that role in the state is -how powerful one of the state tools - the media- can be in shaping people's behavior and actions)

"To understand how powerful radio was, or how powerful the message was, it interesting to contrast to neighboring Burundi (which) has the same ethnic mix as Rwanda. The president of Burundi was a passenger on President's Habyarimana's plane, and was also killed on the night on April 6th. But in that country, the U.N. leaders there helped organize the political leaders to plead on the radio for calm. So a message of calm was sent out, and people responded to that. Here, a message to lather up the population to kill was sent out, and the people responded to that." (p. 10)
 
(in the bad world) - the media - the print media also plays a great role in inspiration and information in the great cleansing.
"the Hutu power propagandists (both on the radio but especially in print, which it was easier for them to carry on because you had to read Rwandan).	

(in the bad world) - the state has a plan to kill the Germs
	“Well, the Rwandans who were planning a genocide” (p. 11)

(in the good world) - find captured documents about how plans to eliminate
the Germs are well planned
(in the bad world) - all members of the public participate in the glorious mission to get rid of the Germs.
(1) Radio messages
(2) Newspaper articles
(3) Germ elimination Rallies

"one of the things that's so astonishing when one comes to this now and looks at this with any care, is how profoundly it was scripted ... when I say "profoundly" I mean how thoroughly it was scripted, how thoroughly it was announced, how thoroughly it was a genocide foretold, how the signs were on the surface.
They were on the radio
They were in the newspapers. You could buy them at any street
corner.
You could hear them at any rally. You didn't have to go looking. This was not a top secret program that was coming forward. It was something was really quite conspicuously announced." (p. 13)


	Interviews
	Igbel Riza
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/interviews/riza.html

 (in the bad world) - the attempted assignation by bombing the airplane of the plane of the original great leader usually takes (the airplane the original great leader usually takes - the one he did not take at the time of the bombing), this attempted assignation of the original great leader sparks the great cleansing.
"but I think everybody believes that it was a missile that shot him down, and that was the trigger for this genocide" (p. 7)

(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated
"But they did not seem to anticipate that the aim was to wipe out 10% of the country's population" (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - sword - main device to get rid of Germs
"And please remember that in the event when the situation exploded, it was not firearms that caused the deaths of tens and hundreds of thousands. It was machetes and clubs. The able of 11th January referred to Kigali. The killing occurred allover Rwanda, with machetes and clubs.
To have had to have stopped the genocide, we would have had to have a force in every hamlet, in every village, where neighbors were killing neighbors" (p. 8)

(in the bad world) - Germs must be killed
"But just to be clear, you have been warned that were people being trained to kill Tutsis at the rate of up to 1,000 every 20 minutes." (p. 10)

	Interviews
	James Wood
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/interviews/woods.html

(in the bad world) - the media - the media gives information and inspiration to the great cleansing effort.
"Now we have hate radio announcing the plan, calling on the massive killing" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated
"For the Rwandans, the main point is a half million or maybe a million of them got themselves massacred"(p. 7)

	Interviews
	Tony Marley
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/interviews/marley.html

	Tony Marley

(in the bad world) (not sure if I will use it)
Will have pictures of Germs going down the river
"When you saw the bodies coming into the lakes, did that make you think we have to do something now?
There was a great deal of concern when the river was chocked with bodies and they were floating into Lake Victoria" (p. 6)

(in the bad world) - the media gives inspiration and information to the Great Cleansing effort
"At one point I had recommended that in response to the hate propaganda radio transmissions, to take them off the air effectively.
Another possible step would have been using regional specialists and broadcast facilities to broadcast a counter message calling on people in the name of the international community to stop the killing." (p. 7)

	Interviews
	Colonel Lue Marshall
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/interviews/marchal.html

Colonel Lue Marshal

(in the good world) - find among the captured documents detailed plans to eliminate the germs, like names of Germs and places where the Germs live and work.
"but his mission was not to prepare the killings of civilians and Tutsis people... to make lists of Tutsis people, where they lived, to be able, at a certain code name, to kill them." (p. 1)

(in the good world) - find captured documents giving detailed plans that once Germs been identified before carrying out the plan of inspired popular uprising - one would know where Gems are to kill them during the popular uprising
"and the reaction was to kill a maximum of Tutsis" (p. 2)
"just Tutsis must be killed"(p. 2)
 
(in the bad world) - the original great leader is considered to be very important

"[the president] was considered a "god" in Rwanda, and the chief of staff of the army was also a kind of God for the Rwandan."(p. 8)
 
(in the bad world) - patriotic militias - private citizens who gather to eliminate the Germs.
"reaction of the interhamwe militia" (p. 11)

	100 Days of Slaughter (from the PBS Web Page “The Triumph of Evil”)
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/slaugther.html

100 days of slaughter

(in the good world) - the Germs must be eliminated
"An estimated 800,000 Rwandans have been killed in 100 days." (p. 7)

	(Note: Have the “Ambush in Mogadishu” web print off from Frontline web page – did not use in listing and did not have anything) (about two pages)

	Synopsis (from the PBS Web Page “The Triumph of Evil”)
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/etc/synopsis.html

	Synopsis
	(in the bad world) - the Germs must be eliminated
"In just 100 days, the Hutu majority of Rwanda murdered an estimated 800,000 of their Tutsi countryman - a rate of killing that was faster than the Nazis" (p. 1)


	Readings
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/evil/readings/
	

	From the “Readings” web page, a viewer can see the following resources.
	“Defining the Crime of Genocide”
	www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/rwanda/reports.dsetexhe.html
	(cannot find web site page)
	(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated 
"Accordingly to Lenpkin, genocide signifies "the destruction of a nation or an ethnic group" and implies the existence of a coordinated plan, aimed at total extermination, to be put into effect against individual's chosen as victims purely, simply, and exclusively because they are members of the target group." (p. 1)

(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated
"a particular species of vermin to be systematically wiped out" (p. 2)

(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated
"Genocide is a crime on a different scale to all other crimes against humanity and implies an intention to completely exterminate the chosen group. Genocide is therefore both the gravest and the greatest against humanity." (p. 2)

(in the good world) - find among the captured documents carefully made plans to eliminate Germs in a carefully orchestrated plan to look like a inspired popular uprising by the general population against the Germs. 
(in the good world) - with the collapse of the state of the original great leader, victorious armies captured papers of a plan drawn in great detail to eliminate ethnic groups that the original great leader classified as "Germs" - in a carefully orchestrated plan drawn to detail - the variety of these groups who were grouped together by the original great leader's government called Germs were to be eliminated in a carefully plan looking like a massive inspired popular uprising.
"A genocide is a conspiracy at the total destruction of a group and thus requires a concerted plan of action. The instigators and initiators of a genocide are cool - minded theorists first and barbarians second. The specificity of genocide does not arise from the extent of the killings nor their savagery or resulting infamy, but solely from the intention: the destruction of a group" (p. 2)


(in the bad world) - Germs must be eliminated
"the attempted annihilation of the entire Jewish race" (p. 4)


(in the good world) - find captured documents find a detailed plan to
eliminate Germs
"the genocide itself, a premeditated mass crime, systematically planned and executed" (p. 4)


	From the “Readings” web page, a viewer can see the following resources.
	“Historical Chronology”
	http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/rwanda/etc/cron.html

	A Historical Chronology
(in the bad world) - People have identification cards used to identify themselves
"1926 Belgians introduce a system of ethnic identify cards	differentiating Hutus from Tutsi" (p. 1)
 
(in the bad world) - The patriotic militias - individuals who collectively gather together to kill Germs
"1990/1991 The Rwandan armies begins to train and arm civilian militias know as interhamwe ("those who stand together")

(in the bad world) - patriotic militias - a collection of private citizens who do their great duty and sacrifice in killing Germs
the media - gives inspiration and information to the great cleansing
"Training of militias intensifies. Extremist radio station, Radio Millie Collines, begins broadcasting exhortations to attack the Tutsi"(p. 3)
"April 7, 1994 The Rwandan Armed Forces (FAR) and the interhamwe set up roadblocks and go house to house killing Tutsi" (p. 3)
 
(in the bad world) - media gives inspiration and information to the great cleansing effort
"Karamina is believed to be one of the leaders and organizers of the genocide, having coined the slogan "Hutu Power" and made many racist broadcasts urging mass murder." (p. 6)
 
Tapes of Broadcasts

I no longer have the source – but there was a place that had tapes of broadcasts done I believe done during the Rwandan Genocide (not sure on that); anyway here the information I have (may be wrong)

Themes found in tapes
(1) This is a final war
(2) We are winning the war/we will be victorious 
(3) The Germs started the war
(4) We all must be together/other we fail
		(All must participate)
(5) The Germs commit horrible acts
(6) The Germs wish to take power
(7) Let us celebrate the victory
(8) Praise the radio station/the radio station helps effort
(9) Criminal commits criminal acts
(10) We will be successful killing the Germs
(11) Praise the songs on the radio
(12) The Germs attempt to hide; attempt to infiltrate 
(13) Interview with someone at the roadblock
(14) Praise the population for the killing of the undesirables
(15) “Operation Article a Raider”
(16) Frequency of the radio signal
(17) The Germs have several tricks
(18) Soldier communications over the radio to parents he doing well
(19) Announcements of meetings
(20) Radio is a war radio station
(21) Remember we fight for the future
(22) Poem of Praise

(1) This is a final war

(Tape 0014) (54) – “The same thing for a solider who is not sharp, who does not see that this war we are waging is the final one” (p. 2) 

(Tape 0016) (57) – “In my opinion, it is time to change the strategy used in fighting the Inyenzi so that the war may be decisive, so it may become what the French call “guere total” (total war).  Everybody will take part if we really support our armed forces and our youths, an incapable citizen could cook for the youths and the soldiers.” (p. 19)

(Tape 0035) (87)- 
	This war a final war – 
	“This war they refer to as the “final” one.  Indeed, it must be “final” for the arrogance to be eliminated.” (p. 2) 

(2) We are winning the war/we will be victorious

(Tape 0065) (29) – 
	“It seems as if there a lack of beer.   In Gisneyi, brew some beer for us to enjoy because we are seriously winning he war that Intatyi and INyznie and others had launched against us, Citizens who are at the roadblocks, citizens all over the country, Rwanda soldiers, all of them are winning.”

(Tape 0016) (57) – “the great Inyenzi who has pitched the Inyenzi – Inkotany against us has come to realize that the Inyeniz- -Intoktany cannot win this war” (p. 5)

(Tape 0016) (57) – “Last night, INkotany; tried in vain to infiltrate and launch an assault on St. Andre College in Nyamiranmbo.  For the time being, they are being pursue everyone in the banana fields.  They are running … they have been decimated.  The Intotany also tried to enter Muhima.  As a matter of fact, a handful of Inkoatany succeeded in entering the Muhima area ut are being pursued.  At Gisozi and elsewhere, the Inkotany are facing great difficulties.” (p. 6)

(Tape 0016) (57) “Rather, it is the Rwandan Armed Forces shelling these cured Inyanzi in order to exterminate the so that we get rid of them once and for all.” (p. 7).

(The Germs will be eliminated and defeated)
(tape 0016) (57) – “I have said that the day the Inkotany will enter Kigalivlle to see if there is something to take, they will all be exterminated there.  An now, they have begun to get themselves exterminated. You understand that we are in the process of exterminatint he Knkotany in Kigalia ville.” (p. 15)

(We must all join and participate to eliminate the Germs)
(Tape 0016) (57)  - “Come and assist us in exterminating them so that the population will be rid of this plague at all costs for in Kigalie – ville, we shall exterminate them.  There is nothing else to do.” (p. 16)

(Tape 0027) (71) – “It is ever more obvious that we are winning.  They should stop with negotiations and let use catch those Entenzi, exterminate them.” (p. 4)

(Tape 0084) (76) – “I would say that generally speaking; the Inkotany seems to have lost the war.” (p. 9) 

(3) The Germs stated the war – 
(Tape 0065) – (29) – “You will keep on lying and we keep on telling you the truth.  Muhabura, for you to negotiate with the Rwandan government, there is no reason to close the RTLM.  We did not put this country in trouble, it is you did.  We did not shoot down the aircraft of the president of the Republic, it is you who did.  We did not launch the combat; it is you who did.” (p. 2)

(Tape 0065) (29) – “There are those who say that those troubles are the cause of the launch of the war; rather, they had already made preparations for it, and they just wanted a spark.” (p. 2) 

(Tape 0065) (29) – (the population created a spontaneous uprising due to the death of the president)
	“Rwandan government did not organize troubled, that is its in consequence of the president of the republic’s death and the angry population started those troubles.” (p. 6)

(Tape 0008) (45) – “All the people who were killed in the country are victims of the RYF.  It is the Inyanzi – Intkotany who killed them and nobody else.” 

(Tape 0008) (45) – “The last straw is the at committed by the bandits of the 6 April 1994, when they assassinated the President of the Republic, Major General Juenal Hubayariane, from the positions they had installed in Magaka.
	After the assassination of head of State, the Inyeni – Inkotany reopened the hostilities” (p.9) 

(Tape 0084) – (76) – “Subsequentially, some members of the Transitional Government died, because of the unrest brought about by the Inyenzi – Kntotany who imposed the war on us.” (p. 1)

(Tape 0109) – (77) – “The people who attacked our country are enemies” (p. 2)

(Tape 0029) – (81) – The Germs attempted to kill the original great leader
	“What we know is the airplane of the President of the Republic was shot down by the Inyeni – Inkotany, with the assistance of those Belgian scoundrels who were in Unahir” (p. 7) 

(Tape 0031) – (83) – 
	The war started with the assassination of the original great leader 
	“but I believe it was on April 6 the war resumed because that it is when they assassinated the President of the Republic. That is where the problem lies. The only thing that matters is that they resumed the war; we were attacked, so we had to defend ourselves.  To do so, no one should take it lightly, because if somebody attacks you, it means he has already introduced what is called “caquaire” and has developed all his energy”(p.2)
	“…who are defending themselves, because we were attacked and we then defended ourselves.” (p. 3)

(4) We all must be together/other we fail
		(all must participate)


(Tape 0065) (29) – 
	“The tragic moments that the Rwandans are now living appeal to the Rwandan authorities at the highest level to give a message to the population in order to mobilize them for combat that we must conduct together in order to bring out the country fro the current crises.” (p. 11) 


(Tape 0065) (29) – 
	“Doctor Sindikubwabo is also asking the population to track down all the criminals and all other trouble – makers and to denounce them to security agents. However, the Rwandan Chief of State is warning the population against barriers anarchically settled.  Only the legal barriers, namely those settled with the consultation of local competent authorities are authorized.  You must demolish all the other ones.” (p. 11) 

(Tape 0070) (30) – “Normally at this hour, people have already gotten to bed or about to do so for those who go to bed late.  However, given the difficult period who are going through, it is rather the time to remain alert.  I would specially ask those in the war zones to remain alert.” (p. 5)




(Tape 0070) (50) – “when people mobilize themselves as one man, nobody can defeat them even if they have clubs as their sole means of defense.” (p. 6)

(Tape 0047) (42) – “Therefore, let us get up and fight for Rwanda, without pretending this or that, let us Get up and really fight and forget the rest, forget marriages, forget dances, all this will come later after the liberation of our country, when there will be no more foreign in our country.” (p. 1)

(Tape 0047) (42) – “Since it intends to fight, let it fight and show us its victory.  What we know is that we can not allow it to win victory.  People are ready to fight.  I would like Mr. Prefect, to thank officially the population of Kigali City because they have bee the models in fighting the enemy, they supported the army in an obvious way and we want to invite the population of the other Prefectures to act in the same way in order to stop the enemy.  If RDF wishes to continue the war, let it continue, we have the population, we have the government, we have the army, and weapons and we prepare ourselves for the war.” (p. 3) 

(Tape 0014) (57) – “What I would add are my greeting to all the soldiers who are in Kickwino.  They should keep it up. They should not leave their poeosiions.  They should keep it up and firt at those who might come.  I greet the soldiers of the 74th Batallion, wherever they are.  They should keep it up that is the message I wanted to transmit to them. “(p. 3)

(Tape 0014) (54) – (one should check identify papers )
	“I agree with what you say but the check should not be cancelled because an Inkutani can hid among you.
	In reality, the check is appropriate. The one who shoes not have papers should remain there or ven leave his (her) head there.  However, in reality, I think that the check should be necessary because everyone should has his (her) papers with them (her) certifying that he (she) is really Rwandan and is really a son of Sabahinizi, that he is not an enemy, or an accomplice of an Inkotanyi.  I think that all those who remain in this country, we know each other, we are sons of the same man.” (p. 5)

(Tape 0047) (42) – “Fight those Inkotany with your weapons (ibikoersho) arrows and spears for they bleed, they bleed and you bleed.  Instead of being chased from your properties you can die.  Take your traditional tools (ibikoersho = weapons) go close to the Rwanda an army, get trained and when you find tools go back to your properties and chase those Intotany who are meant do die Prematurealy (gukeryuka).

(tape 0047) (42) “A Hutu solider who does not sacrifice himself is useless and must therefore be shot because in front of him there is a Tutsi who says we must take this country.  You leave your guan and run away, you run away to go where, they will look for you and decimate your family.  Fight for your country, fight for your family, fight for your relatives.  Running through the who country, seekig reguge in Cyangugu, robe, eat without paying money because you were a solider, if they caught you they should kill you because you are worthless.”(p. 7)

(Tape 0008) (42) “ And elsewhere, people go for a walk, of course with vigilance to track the enemy whose only aim is to infiltrate everywhere and to create panic here and there.  So far, the population of Kigali has proven to be very, very vigilant and is given a helping hand t o the Rwandan Armed Forces” (p. 6)

(Tape 0008) (45) “they must know how to help each other, especially in the towns, in their districts, to ensure their own security …However, time has now come for people living in the same areas to work together and search for anybody who (inaudible) would be hiding amidst them.
	That is our wish for the Rwandans these days that they work together.  Especially in the evening, they should look in water conduits, gutters, banana plantation, bushes, and search.  We know that some left Kimihurana.  There might be a moment when they need to go in houses to look for food.  SO, they must be searched for the existing roadblocks must try to identify those who leave the area and those who enter it.” (p. 10)   

(Tape 0009) (47)  (Praise everyone in the effort)
		(Praise the effort in the roadblock) 
	“I would like to conclude the news by congratulating all those we find on the roads we pass every morning returning from night duty at the roadblocks and patrols.” (p. 4) 

(Tape 0009) (47) – (Security Good – Everyone commits to success – everyone involved)
	“Thank you Kantano.  I must tell you that there is not problem whatsoever regarding security in Kigali and the population is vigilant at the roadblocks.  In fact, (inaudible) nobody sleeps at home.  People spend the night in the trenches, and a the roadblocks, armed with machetes and whatever they can lay their hands on … no problem.”  (p. 5)

(Tape 0009) (47) “I would like to salute a number of people.  I would like to say hello to the doctors in various hospitals, particularly those in Kigali Hospital.” (p. 18) 

(Tape 0009) (47) – “A woman is living in Nyamirambo asked me to salute a young man .. her son, Army Sergeant Asumani now in Cyangugu.” (p. 18)

(Tape 0009) (47) – “Another reason for use to rejoice is that our army is disciplined.  Er… There is iron discipline in our army.  No soldier hangs around in the bars, no solider returning late at night, when on leave, not even a few minutes late….never.” (p. 20)

(Tape 0131) (51) – “My particular greetings goes to your soldiers, to all security agents, to the youths of parties and to volunteers who are on roadblocks who are working.” (p. 5)

(tape 0131) (51) – “The population is determined to fight Inyenzi – Inkotany and chase them from the country.  It is true that it took time for every body to mobilize oneself, for every body to understand.  But this is mobilization is at its height.  It has begun to give fruit.” (p. 6)

(Tape 0131) (51) “The Rwandan soldiers their work of exterminating Inkoatanyi scattered home in Kigali.” (p. 6)

(Tape 0012) (53) – “Sergeant Jean – Desire Hibama greets and informs his parents from Muschubati in Gitarama  that he is still alive and he is still fighting against Inkontay in the town of Kigali.  He greets especially all the girls who like him.  He greets Kanstamo, Gahigig and other journalist of RTLM because I like them very much.  He says “peace be with you and enjoy your work.” (7)

(tape 0014) (54) – “What I would add are my greeting to all the soliders who are in kicuko.  They should keep it up.  They should not leave their positions.  They should keep it up and fire at those who might come.  I greet the soliders of the 74th Battalion, wherever they are.  They should keep it up that is the message I wanted to transmit to them.” (p. 3)

(tape 0014) (54) (one should check the identify papers)
	“I agree with what you say but that the check should not be canceled because an Inkoanyi can hide among you…
	In reality, the check is appropriate.  The one who does not have papers should remain there or even leave his (her) head there.  However, in reality, I think that he check should be necessary because everyone should have his (her) papers with him (her) certifying that he (she) is really Rwandan and is really a son of Sabahinzi, that he is not an enemy, or an accomplice of an Inkotany.  I think that all those who remain in this country, we know each other; we are sons of the same man.” (p. 5)




(Tape 0016) (57) – “In general, those that the Inkotany find napping during their night patrols are the ones who have had problems with them.  When you are vigilant, they generally retreat believe their attacks only consist in reconnaissance missions.” (p. 14)

(Tape 0016) (57) – “I seize this opportunity to thank the youths fighting at the front: Rugyeken, Ntwali, Nazaorm, an others (inaudible)…Kiralik, Ramaziani, and others, as well as those manning the roadblocks, in particular, those who have told me that things are hecing up at the round about roadblock.  Further down”

(Tape 0016) (57) – Self- Defense
		The key is cooperation – groups should use what ever weapons are available.
		When people work together, one can use the traditional weapons
		(traditional weapons would be used to kill the traditional game like buffaloes and lions)
	“Kantano, I would like to talk on self-defense ….in my opinion, what counts is the cooperation among the people.  Those with bows, spears, clubs, catapults must get ready …Are the iNyenzi stronger than these buffaloes and lions?  Therefore, we believe that traditional weapons can be used.” (p. 17)	
	

(Tape 0016) (57) –
	“I call on those who have fled the town to return so we can fight the Inyenzi-Inkotany.  Come and be part of a comic show and see how they run as they escape.  This is their end.  Come and see a man take off his trousers to wear a skirt in order to disguise and escape and at the same time.” (p. 18)

(Tape 0016) (57) 
	“I take this opportunity to thank people at the roadblock” (p. 18)


(Tape 0016) (57) – “We must help one another …. In short, we must fight them.” (p. 19)

(Tape 0016) (57) – (We must fight the Germs)
	“All of this proves the Inyenzi cannot do anything.  Everything that they say is untrue.  We must fight them to the end.” (p. 19)

(Tape 0016) (57) – “In general, those that the Inkotany find napping during their night patrols are the ones who have had problems with them.  When you are vigilant, they generally retreat because their attack only consist of reconnaissance missions.” (p. 14).

(Tape 00160) (57) – “Arm yourself with clubs and arrows and protect yourself.  When criminals attack, people arise up in arms and fight.” (p. 15)

(let’s join together to attach the Germs – Many Germs attack at night – they are afraid of the day)
	“So then, get up and fight the Inyenzi.  They have turned out to be ghosts.  The Inkotany never attack during the day.  Never! They attack at night.  It is obvious that this is due to fear.  The Inktony are…” (p. 13)



(tape 0016) (57) – “I seize this opportunity to thank the youghts fighting at the front: Ruguyekera, Ntwal, Naxanuarm, and others … (inaudible).. Kiralika, Ramazni, and others, as well as hose manning the roadblocks, in particular those who have told me that things are heating up at the Round about roadblock.  Further clown from this roadblock, the people have risen like one man that is the end of the Intontanyi.” (p. 14)

(Tape 0027) (71)
	(Business people can contribute to the cause)
	“Still, I request the businesspeople should participate in the buying of guns and ammunition for the youth and the Army to get equipment to use.  For me, any businessperson who would not play any role in this war would not b granted any importation or exportation license after the war.  They should not either be allowed to purchase deluxe vehicles if they did not prove to be dedicated during this war.  We are fighting for all the Rwandans.  So, those businesspeople who posses the biggest portion of the country’s wealth should it make it available.” (p. 1-2)

(Tape 0084) (76) – 
	(The Germs commit several crimes; the positive thing is that we recognize the danger and all the members are going after them)
	“It is not that alone.  You recognize the crimes they commit almost everywhere.  The good thing is that all of us Rwandans and the Amry, as Mr. Bernard has just said, have stood up in one leap as one fight the Inyenzi – Inkotanyi.  The people manning the roadblocks were to have tools to fight Inyenzi – Inkotanyi” (p. 10)

	(Tape 0084) (76)
	(Citizens at the roadblocks doing their duty.  Being careful to check the documents, the identity cards of citizens, to harm only the undesirables and not members of our community)
	“I met the prefect of Gisney; while he was sensitizing the population, educating them on how to do their work.  He said that the people manning the roadblocks should be sanitized to carry out the instructions of their authorities.  For instance, they could not maltreat people who are fleeing.  They should verify carefully to now whtere someone  on other is really an Inkotanyi.
	I also talked to people at the roadblock, at Kanug and at Nkuli.  They said that they were being very careful in their work not to unjustly harm to innocent people but also, not to let an enemy escape.” (p. 11)

(tape 0109) (77) – 
	We all participate in the final battle against the Germs
	“All the women, young girls, the men, the youths”

(5) The Germs commit horrible acts


(Tape 0070) (30) – “that we how the Intotanny launched grenades at women, children, and old people who sere not on the path for them to claim that these people were fighting against them..; Those are deplorable acts especially they started the war, the Intontany started tat they come to average the innocent populations.”(p. 5)

(Tape 0070) (30) – “Then an INkotany accomplice came and launched a grenade at them, killing all 260 persons.  This act illustrates the cruelty of the Intoantyi,” (p. 6)

(Tape 0070) (30) – “But the Intotanyi, who hae the reputation of being “ruthless”…what can I say…heartless, because it is incredible to throw grenades at women, children, and old people shelter in a house to protect themselves from the cold.  Sometimes, I wonder if such people believe in God..(inaudible)… I insist on that because it is unfortunate. Sot the Intotanyi came to Gikondo, in the bar situated in the area called “feu rouse: and they threw a grenade in the house, killing all those who were inside.” (p. 7)

(Tape 0070) (30) – “Listen to his revelations.  It is sad.  It is sad to hear the cockroaches take 12 year old children to the battlefield and give them difficult tasks because they are children, still ignorant, and not yet intelligent enough.” (p. 3) 

(The Germs kill everyone.  In the areas they control, they check identity cards and kill enlightenment citizens)
“About a thousand persons cross the border daily, fleeing from the Inyenzi, those Inyenzi who continue to target intellectuals, as well as those they accuse of being Interhawmwe.  They actually check identity cards and do not spare any Hutu.” (p; 3)

(The Germs kill everyone –
The Germs during the Dark Times 
[Now the Germs have plans to kill all members of the enlightenment community]
“Today, certain white people, especially Americans, Canadians, and Belgans, believe that the villain in this country is the machete and cudgel – wielding Hutu, whereas the Hutu is only trying to ensure the Hutus are not annihilated by the descendants of Gatusi…Part of the money was used to purchase arms, whish is the reason we are living under the threat of annihilation.
	And yet it is we, the Hutu, who are armed with machetes and cudgels in order to prevent our annihilation, who are considered wrong.  We are the villains.” (p. 3)

(tape 0009) (47) – “Therefore, we too must understand what we are victims of.  The Tutsi groups have sold use with the assistance of American crooks.  We do hope that when the President of the United States realizes that they want to exterminate the Hutus, he will stop listening to them.” (p. 4) 

(tape 0009) (47) – “The Inkotanyi were executing people, how … they threw them into the water killing those accused of being Interahmwe.” (p. 12)

(tape 0009) (47) – “The Inkotanyi need to watch out, because even their foreign backers are beginning to realize how cruel and wicked they are.” (p. 15)

(tape 0012) (53) – “We know that were Inkotany passed through, they killed their brother, they killed old women, they killed their own sisters. How can you join those people who kill their own people?  Can you join the one who murdered your parents, your friends?  Did Rwanda become so small or did it miss strength to fight it? (p. 5) 

(Tape 0014) (54) – “it only allows the RDF to be able to go on massacring innocent civilian populations and it only serves to that purpose because it is leveled at the government forces that rather wand to defend the population.
	Quite the reverse, it is helping the continuation of massacres, helping any body who massacre the Hutus.” (p. 8)

(Tape 0027) (71) – The Germs will kill everyone
	“They killed the Burudian President Cyprien Ntaryamira and those who were with him.  They killed many people in this country.  Now, they killed also priests and bishops.”  So, who would not the Inyenai – Inkotany kill?  The one they would not kill is the one who would be their accomplice in killing.  The one would be sure that the Inyenzi – Inkotany cannot kill him.” (p. 3)

(Tape 0084) (76) – Germs commit horrible crimes
	“That clearly shows the barbarism of the Inyenzi – Inkotany.  There was a time when we were saying that the Inyenzi –Inkotany were killing people and some countries and journalists in their pay were striving to prove otherwise.” (p. 5) 

(Tape 0081) (76) – 
	“That is why the barbarism of the Inkotany is well known.” (p. 10)

(Tape 0029) (81) Germs kill members of our community 
	“They even fired at them using machine guns and “Milou” gun.  So, you understand that many residents were wounded, others were killed but they did not leave the battlefield.  That is what the Inyenzi called the “displacement” of that population.” (p. 1)

(Tape 0029) (81) 
	“They killed.. they killed the Hutus.  They killed Hutu adults, young men, teenagers, children,. they killed women, old women, pregnant women and babies… they had to kill the Hutu gorillas.” (p. 8)

(6) The Germs wish to take power

(tape 0115) (35) – “these are things I had to say to you, I had to remind you how Belgians want to remove power from Hutus who are the majority and hand it over to a small portion of the population represented by Inyenzi – Inkotany (epithet given to RDF)

(tape 0115) (35) – “They are fighting for the power htye had in ’59 and they think they can get it back.  War has clearly shown their intensions and Rwadnese saw it. That is why if they hope that the people and political parities will go on quarreling, they are wrong because it is no longer possible.” (p. 5)

(tape 0047) (42) – “you know that there is a Tutsi minority in Rwanda what must be protected; he wants to protest Tutsi but what he really wants is the Tutsi decimate Hutu… he wishes for the military of RPF so that it may clean Rwanda, to clean mans to remove dirty things, which means Hutu.”

(Tape 0082) (44) – “Be patient in this war launched the cockroaches Inkotnay who came idling us and entering our things saying that they will take the power.  They can never take it.” (p. 12)

(tape 0002) (44) – “Since Inkotanyi want to take this country.” (p. 13)

(tape 0008) (45) – ‘And their single objective was to seize power from the Hutus, the mass majority and hand it over to the minority (inaudible) the Inyenzi – Inkotanyi whom we already know and to their followers.” (p. 10)

(We stay united, so the Germs cannot take over) – 
(tape 0008) (45) – “They are fighting for power they use to have before 1959 and which they think they can reconquer.  The situation is getting more and more clear.  What is clear now is that the war revealed their true objectives.  The Rwandans realize it too that is why those who thought that the Rwandans or parties will continue to tear on another … This is no longer possible.  They have found out the true aim of the war.” (12)

(Enlightenment population been educated to prevent the Germs from taking power)
(tape 0008) (45) – “The population is now educated.  Nobody will take power from them and govern them by force.  That will never work since that person would intend to bring back the former years.” (p. 14) 

(tape 0131) (51) – “Since then Hutu have put their strength together and understand the Tutsi should abandon forever their trust for power.” (p. 8)

(tape 0084) (76) – “Inyenzi have not yet achieved what they have been longing for, which is to seize power and even take over the whole country.” (p. 8)

(7) Let us celebrate the victory

(tape 0002) (44) – “Let’s listen so that our army continues to dance, to dance, and defeat those dare devils.” (p. 14)

(tape 0011) (52) – (we honor those who fought – we gave worker soldier medals)
	(have a standard medal those workers who contributed to the cause – have specialized medal of those who contributed to victory in specific areas)
	“After our victory against Inkotanyi, people who will fought against Inkotanyi will demonstrate.  We will present and give medals to people who, in each sector, cell will have stayed in town.  We must continue fighting against Inkotanyi.  I can’t support people who run away.  The fleeing people are dishonoring our country.  We will thanks people who have accepted to stay.  Though we will not do anything those who fled we will blame them.” (p. 3)

(tape 0012) (53) – “Let me ask the technician Kamazi to play a great number, then we will dance and be happy, dear brothers, everything is near to being over … But it doesn’t matter; we will dance anyhow after having beaten them. “ (p. 2-3)

(tape 0040 – Extract) (61) – 
	“So, where did all the Inkotany who use to telephone messages go, eh?  They must have been exterminated!  Come dear friends, let use rejoice, The Good Lord is just … The Good Lord really is just, these evil doers, these terrorists, these people with suicidal tendencies will end up being exterminated.” (p. 2)  

(8) Praise the radio station/the radio station helps effort

(Tape 0008) (45) – “Another thing is that so far, the RTLM radio station has told the whole truth” (p. 4)

(Tape 0008) (45) – “You are listening to Radio – Television Libre des Mille Collines.  It is twelve minutes to ten in the RLMS makeshift station.  Dear listeners, we are here to serve you, we do not abandon you during the war, we keep on fighting by your side.” 

(Tape 0014) (54) – “The first thing is that I thank the RTLM’s journalist,.  I also thank all the Rwandans who listen to it and like it, who follow its truth…Thank you very much. You journalists of Radio RTLM>” (p. 3-4)
	(could have people praise the station – ask what speakers they enjoy)

(Tape 0027) (71) (Praise the radio station for the support they are giving to you)
	“Before talking of my suggestions which I think can be useful for Rwanda and its citizens, I than you radio RTLM for the war it waged sing the first and even the second government up to this interim government.  The dedication you showed up to date is an important and unforgettable support for all the Rwandans.  In fact, the way you list the spirit of the Army, of the youth at the battlefield is really something important and unforgettable for the Rwandans.  For myself, as I am here now in RTLM really something important and unforgettable for the Rwandans.  For myself, as I am here in RTLM studio, I am from Kivugize … That is where combat is taking place.  I live with soldiers and we are grateful for the way you lift our spirits when we are at the battlefield.” (p. 1)

(Tape 0084) 
	“Speaker: Jean – Pierre Kajuaga, Rwandan soldier
		Thank you, Valierie!  I think you once again!  Continue to work relentlessly, we like your radio station.  I believe that the fight award for the war will be conferred to you, your radio station helps many people thank you very much.” (p. 4)  

(Tape 0084) (76) – Citizens thank the radio station
		(Think that the radio station deserves a reward)
	“He added: take heart, dear RTLM journalists who are helping us to fight the war”
		This tearing one another to pieces could exist. (check this is may be wrong).  These words of thanks were also addressed to me by the people manning the roadblocks in the Rugenge sector near the hotel “Bienvens”. They told me that if awards have been envisaged for those who defended our town, RTLM would receive the biggest award.  We thank them also.  Even if this gift is not given to us, we know that we are rendering service to people who commend us.  Mr. Jean de Dieu Hategekimana, a student at the St. Andre school block, said he thanks the objective RTLM radio which is supporting them to drive back the Inyenzi.  He commends Kantano, Valerie, fellow students.  He hopes that they will fight the enemy and adds that they should be quick to defeat ….”(forgot to put in page number)

 (9) Criminal commits criminal acts

(Tape 0009) (47) – (Criminals at roadblocks, charging money) –
	“You see, that this is detrimental to the population.  When we ask traders why they charge that price, they reply “Roadblocks are our problem.  Those manning them demand money; They ask us for this and that and this raises the cost per kilogram to 20 francs” (p. 5)

(Tape 0009) (47) – “You do see that those people are cheating the population.  That is why the Minister of the Interior ought to collaborate with the Bougmesters and consellers in order to resolve this problem, which is a big burden for the population.”

(Tape 0009) (47) – “If you received a firearm, it is for your security, for manning the roadblock, and not for strolling over the Kantano’s house, not for attacking Kantano’s house, not for holing him up and snatching money and other property from him.  Weapons should be used to protect public funds.  They should be used to maintain security, and not for stealing.” (p. 7)

(Tape 0009) (47) – Concerned about shooting in the dark
	“Some people spread the whole night shooting …concerning the reports of shooting, the competent authorities should do something about it and restore order so that nobody shoots before seeing the enemy.  I would like to end on this note.” (p. 8
	

(Tape 0009) (47) – (Problem of a few soldiers getting drunk and then robbing citizens)
	“Some people say that is unacceptable for a soldier to spend a night in a bar, spend a day in the bar, or drink from morning to dusk; it is evident that by evening he is completely drunk at a time when the country is at war …
	Give me money, give me this, give me that.  Under such circumstance you cannot do anything against him.  All you can do is to say, “Take this; take that: then, he leaves you poorer but in peace.” (p. 8)

(tape 0009) (47) – (Some people receive a firearm and start killing)
	“For instance somebody is issued a firearm, as soon as the receives the firearms, he steals away from guard duty at the roadblock and goes to kill a person for refusing to give money.  I assure you Kantano, … even if orders have been issued to stop the killing, there are people who feel they are untouchable and above the law… It is greed.” (p. 9)
	(don’t have the entire quote)

(tape 0009) (47) – While it is important to search homes that may have undesirables, only officials make those decisions, we cannot have individual solider workers take the authority in their own hands, conduct a search, rob the persons.  This practice must stop.  An individual who acts this way are criminals and help enemy.  Criminals who continue this practice will be catch and killed.)
	“Even if we have to search people’s homes – to make sure they are not hiding Inyenzi (since some persons do), it is the said five-man security unit that must choose individuals in the area to search the various homes.  But this is conducted in a transparent manner.  Searches should not be decided on a whim…and then go to somebody’s home, arm in hand, to conduct a search.  That is prohibited, we have decided that anyone behaving thus will be considered an enemy and shot; he must be arrested and shot.” (p. 10)

(We cannot have citizens accept bribery; if you find a Germ at a roadblock, you need to kill them rather than accepting a bride and letting the Germ go)
	(tape 0011) (52) – “If someone has a false identity card, if he is Inkotany, a known accomplice of RPF don’t accept anything in exchange, he must be killed.” (p. 4)

(Tape 0109) (77) – 
	Don’t not steal property/loot
	Need to fight the Germs
	“He condemns the looting and killing perpetrated by the population and the army and reminds them that they have to direct all their energies towards the fight against the RDF – Inkotanyi ….
	The Prime Minister condemns acts of looting and rather calls on the population to combat the RDF – Intotanyi” (p. 11)

(Tape 0109) (77) – To those thieves taking time to steal in these troubled times) What valued does the stolen object bring for you?  If the undesirables take over, will you still be allowed to keep it? No, no, no – you foolish thief – you will be killed like everyone else in our community. What good will be your stolen object be when you are dead?
	“Therefore, where will you go with your television set?  What can you carry with you?  If you flee and the Ugandans install themselves in this country, for which you have not fought, what would you have left?  They will kill you and take everything from you.” (p. 4) 

(Tape 0109) (77) – Use the roadblock for the desired official purpose, not for crime
	(For example a mad individual – wearing overalls)
	“We have said we do not support killers.  WE do not support thieves or people who racketeer at the roadblocks … It is serious, unbelievable …we denounce this situation; we denounce it. (p. 5) 
	(Did not copy the entire quote)

(Tape 0109) (77) 
	When you loot, you help the enemy
	“We affirm that those who loot, those who engage in criminal acts are our enemies. Too, because they are not working towards peace …. In fact, they are busy helping the enemy lending then a hand.” (p. 13)
	

(Tape 0109) (77) If a person steals money from a government that no longer exists, the money is worthless.
	“I gave an illustration yesterday on this matter.  The example relates to something that many people have not understood; it is about people who steal and who are satisfied of having stolen one  million francs…If you left for Gabon with a million Rwandan francs, without a country, without a government, that money will only be paper. You could even throw it one the street because no one would have need for it.” (p.13)
	


(Tape 0029) (81) – Criminal Commit Criminal Acts
		(When you loot, you help the enemy)
	“The really bad thing is that when looting, you use the gun we have given you to fight and in the evening, instead of participating in night patrols, instead of spending vigilant nights to prevent those Inyenzi from infiltrating, you guard the room in which you are keeping the stuff you have looted.  If you do so, there is not different between you and an Inyenzi.” (p. 1) 


(10) We will be successful killing the Germs

(Tape 0009) (47) – “People are asking: “What has become of the Inkotany in Kigali City?”  The score of the Inkotany is indeed sealed; the fate of the Inkotany in Kigali city was sealed at about 2:00pm yesterday… yesterday, Monday, when the inbaitiants killed at least nine Intotany at the sun City Hotel in Nyamirambo.  When they were flushed out, one of them, who was very wily, managed to escape.  But that makes no difference…he can run but he cannot hide!  He will be caught and put to death.” (p. 11)

(Tape 0084) (76) – We are searching for Germs
	“In Gasatsa, the action of liberating this neighborhood is in progress, our Army, together with the youth and the people, continue to hunt, down one by one, the ailing Inyenzi, who were remaining and are hiding here and there, in the houses abandoned by  those who have fled.  Our soldiers and the people have driven back the Inyenzi up to the forest, referred to as Lord de Brochegrave” where they lost many of their people.  Even, as I am talking to you, they are searching all the possible corners where the Inyenzi could be hiding so that the people of Gasatsa could return to their homes…In Kacyinu, you heard, the Army and the cashing the last survivors of the Inyenzi to kill them.” (p. 8)

(tape 0084) (76) – “they cannot be forgiven by the Army or the people.  “We are trying at all costs and by every means to kill them because that is what they wanted to subject us to.” {Key Quote on last line}

(tape 0084) (76) – (Let us kill the Germs)
	“I can assure you while informing you that even people have legitimately used traditional weapons.  They say that they will stealthily shoot their bows at the Inyenzi armed with guns and the latter would not known where the shots are coming from.  So, let those who have traditional weapons use to defeat the enemy – the Inkotanyi.” (p. 10)

(tape 0109) (77) – We will eliminate the Germs 
	“but among them there is surely someone who has decided to get them exterminated and get their names fade into oblivion to cause the Tutsis to disappear from the surface of the Earth.” (p. 3) (key quote from last line) 

(11) Praise the songs on the radio

(tape 0009) (47) – Good Song on the radio – 
	“I hate these undesirables”
	(Look up the song Nangu Abautu (I hate these Hutus)…You have been listening to Rwabutago commenting on a sing titled Nanagu Abahutu by Biknidi.  He was describing the kind of Hutu he detested.” (p. 17)

(Tape 0109) (77) – Song on the radio
	“The Army is the One that Fights for Rwanda” (p. 14)

(Tape 0035) (87) – Song on the radio
	“let us sing the following song.  Sing it along with me basuce such is the real situation…
		Friends, let us rejoice…
		The Inkotanyi have all perished…
		Friends, let us rejoice….
		Good is fair…”(p. 1)

(Tape 0035) (87) – Song mentioned
	“Champs – Elysees” (p. 5)




(12) The Germs attempt to hide; attempt to infiltrate 

(Tape 0011) (52) – “The Cockroaches Inkotanyi are trying to infiltrate themselves and there lucky because they return to where they have come from.” (p. 5) 

(Tape 0012) (52) – “Dear listeners, I would like to let you know that we are facing the enemy here in Gikondo.  The enemy tried to infiltrate in order to frighten the civilians but we keep on open eye.  The enemy cannot pass through us.” (p. 15)

(Tape 0016) (57) – “The Inyenzi are in the habit of attacking at night. They infiltrate.” (p. 17)

(Tape 0027) (71) –
	The Intelligent services play a vital role in the war effort by finding Germs who are hiding in our community.
	“Thos two central intelligent services, the civil and the military, will reveal to use who are the accomplices hiding among us.  The civilian accomplices who put on sheep’s skin while they are actually hyenas.  It is for the service to make then known.” (p. 2) 

(Tape 0027) (71) – “Let the civil and military intelligent services really operate and reveal where the enemy and accomplices are.  Let also the prosecutor’s office operate to bring us peace and remove the chaff.” (p. 3) 

(13) Interview with someone at the roadblock

(tape 0012) (53)  - “Dear listeners, foreign radios started broadcasting nonsense that Inkotanyi have taken the town of Kigali.  Then, we decided to go around this town of Kigali, we met people who were on the check points who told us themselves their locations and how they stood.  Right we are with a person who is on a check point: want himself to tell where he is and how they are at their location…
	Dear listeners, you heard by yourselves that in Gikondo civilians are there wither children and there is security.” (p. 15)

(


(14) Praise the population for the killing of the undesirables

(Tape 0014) (54) – “How many do you think that you have killed?  When did the attack occur? For many people were not aware of that tell us more about that…So, you killed five of them.  Keep it up!”(p. 2) 

(15) “Operation Article a Raider”

(We are skilled investigating the detailed plans of those who attempted to kill the original great leader – we have learned the specific cod name – the specific code name is “Operation Article a Raider”)

(Tape 0014) (54) – “We recall to Minister (inaudible) that the late President of the Republic, Major General Juevenal Habyrimana, die not of an accident, that he did not die of old age or of a long and hard sickness.  He died of an assassination attempt that cost him his life, and this assassination attempt had been settled by RPF.  We had the opportunity of … we are even now examining it, we had the opportunity to know the code name of the operation that served the purpose of liquidating (inaudible) the President of the Republic that operation that in RPF bore the name “Operation Article a Raider”. That is how the operation was actually called the contemplated the physical elimination of the President of the Republic.  Well, the “Operation Article a Raider” actually succeeded.” (p. 9)


(16) Frequency of the radio signal

(Tape 0016) (57) – “RTLM, your radio station transmitting from Kigali on a frequency of 106 and 94” (p. did not list page number)


(17) The Germs have several tricks

(Tape 0016) (57) – “you need to understand the tricks of the Inyenzi.  They are trying to scare people.” (p. 7)

(Tape 0084) (76) – 
	Germs are masters of tricks – 
	Attempt to bring divisions in our society
	“You see that the Inkotanyi have many tricks.  Before, they were saying that the bakiga (Northerns) had oppressed the banyenduga (the Southerns); they have changed, claiming that it is banyenduga who are now enslaving the bakiga. You understand that this is a new trap which the Inyenzi want to set for the Hutus.  The Hutus should be aroused and vigilant like in the times gone by they must be made aware of what has been done for them by (the authorities).  The amazing thing is that, the Inyenzi think that we have no judgment; yet, we have discovered them long ago.  Some Inyenzi are sill trying to trap the Hutus so that they tear one another to pieces.  If they succeed, the Inyenzi would use this situation asna excuse to seize power and the country.  That will never happen because all these tricks have been uncovered.” (p. 12)

(Tape 0084) (76) – the Germs are attempting to have our community fight each other
	“He told me; sons of Sebahinzi (peasants, farmers), let us not tear one another to pieces.” (p. 12)

(Tape 0109) (77) – the Germs will attempt to use tricks to create conflict between members of our community so that they can take over.
	“They realize that all the tricks to use failed, and now they are doing their best to induce inter-regional or inter-religious conflict” (p. 12)
	“People should know that political parties should not be a source of conflict.” (p. 12)

(Tape 0109) (77) – We should not create divisions to harm our unity; if we create divisions the Germs will take power, when the Germs take power, we will be killed.
	“People should therefore know that presently being against somebody just because he is a member of a different party is tantamount to playing into the hands of the enemy.  Let us remain members of our respective parties, but let us win the war first.  First and foremost, we must be aware that if, thanks to this war, the RDF conquers the country it will not consider your membership in such an such party, but will exterminate you as it has started doing.  The RDF will not say, “We are sparing you because you are a member of such and such party.” (p. 12)

(Tape 0109) (77) – Let us not divide ourselves, if the Germs win and start killing you; they will not care what division you are.
	“Let us refrain from tearing ourselves apart because of personal hatred.  If you are fighting with someone, bear in mind that this is not the time for hurting him.  Upon arrival, the RDF would not have known who your enemy is; they would tie you up together.” (p. 13) 

(18) Soldier communications over the radio to parents he doing well

(Tape 0016) (57) – “I, Gerald Niyonsenga on the 51st Battalion in Rushashi that I am still alive and to add that if there is a problem, they should make an announcement on Radio Rwanda or RTLM.” (p. 13)

(19) Announcements of meetings

(Tape 0016) (57) – “Lastly, a communiqué from the Prefect of Kigalli ville.  The Prefect of Kigali ville is inviting the youth wing of all political parties represented in Kigali at an urgent meeting to be held at the Kigali –ville Prefecture office this Monday 30 May at 11am…Please attend this meeting to obtain information on the prevailing situation.” (p. 13) 
	

(20) Radio is a war radio station

(Tape 0016) (57) – “And then listen to RTLM, your radio war station.  Stay tuned.” (p. 16)


(21) Remember we fight for the future

(Tape 0040 – Extract) (61) – 
	(We fight this was so that the future generation have to deal with the undesirables ever again)
	“In any case, let us simply stand firm and exterminate them, so that our children and grandchildren do not hear the word “Inkotanyi” ever again.” (p. 2)

(22) Poem of Praise

(Tape 0027) – “Dear Listeners, Leonidas Ntahontyuy Alisa Micombero composed a poem praising the late Genral Habyarimana.  I thank him and then, we will listen to that poem he composed for Major General Jueveral Habyarimana.

[Ntahontuye Leonidas poem praising Major General Juevenal habyariana and the Rwandan Armed Forces]

(Don’t have the text, may want to look at it)

Have a poem praising the original great leader


