
Cutthroat Heroes
Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by Raymund Hensley

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.


CONTENTS

LATER....

CHAPTER ONE
My Heroes

CHAPTER TWO
The Healing Power of Nature

CHAPTER THREE
No more Devil Business

ABOUT THE AUTHOR


LATER....

A rock hit him in the face. She jumped down from a tree and bit him, ripping off a chunk of his neck. He tripped over some animal and landed on his face, right in mud. She stood in front of him, holding that big knife above her head. Trees fell all around her. She yelled through the raging fire.
“You filthy bastard! Why didn't you just let me be??? Look what you've done. Look what you've turned me into! Is this your idea of love???”
He spat in her face. She kicked him in the chest.
“So useless!” she wept. “Your job is to give me everything. Look at you....You have no money, no future – no car. You're useless to me!”
She walked toward him as she spoke, still holding the blade in the air with both hands. It was getting so noisy with the crackling of flames, she was literally screaming her words.
“YOU'RE USELESS TO ME!”
He crawled back.
A strange sound in the air – a sharp wiiiiiirrrrrrrr.
Something exploded through her chest. She dropped the knife and looked down at the situation.


CHAPTER ONE

MY HEROES

FRAN MURUDA

The little punk wouldn't stop crying.
“Shut him up,” I told the mother, “or I'll stick this needle in his eye.”
She nodded and grabbed the boy and spanked him. She seemed to understand. I had to work. I had to shove that big needle into that dumb dog and fix him up. The kid didn't seem to get it. I put that needle into that dog's brain, and it barked and kicked and tried to F'ing bite me. The little boy grabbed his dog and ran off. 
“Drap!” the mom said. “Drap! You come back here right this red hot minute!”
I threw my hands up.
“I can't work like this. I'm done!”
The mom begged me to reconsider, but I brushed her aside.
“Doesn't matter,” I said. “Your dumb dog is gonna die soon. Nothing I can do. Too many worms in his brain.”
I went home early. I had other things to take care of. My hobby waited. My passion.
Babiroin. My prized invention. The drug of the century!
I went to every street corner, every dark alley – traveled all over Oahu – selling the stuff. It was becoming quite popular. Word was spreading. First Hawaii, then the world.
The man on the phone sounded nervous. I was gentle with him.
“How much do you want?”
He thought about it.
“Just one heart for now. I want to sample it first.”
“The price is a thousand for one.”
“Hmm. That's a bit much.”
“How much you got? I'm sure we can work something out.”
He cleared his throat.
“How about we trade?”
“Depends what it is.”
“I provide a service,” he said. “It's very popular and very expensive, but for one of your hearts, I'll gladly make sure you get a session.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Look, if this is another pornography thing, I'm not interested. The last guy ripped me off. Left me tied to some motorized wheelchair. I ended up on the street, naked and humiliated.”
The man on the phone laughed.
“Oh, no, no. Nothing like that,” he said.
I was getting impatient.
“Well, what then? Spit it out, man. I have a lot to do today.”
“Have you ever wanted someone?”
I caught my breath.
“What was that?”
“Wanted someone you couldn't have.”
Jesus, what a fool.
“Right,” I said. “Haven't we all?”
“What if I said there was a way to make him fall in love with you. That I could guarantee it. What then?”
Something in my chest turned hot. I imagined Phil and I making love. I wanted him. Needed him and his money. Centuries ago, when I heard that he was marrying Carmen, I lost it and ran up to the roof of my apartment and jumped off. Sadly, I landed on a passing truck hauling manure, and suffered minor injuries. Carmen got all the good ones – all the rich ones. I had dream journals about Phil. I had dreams of swimming in his money, kissing his money, having sex with his money.
“I'd be very interested in this service,” I said. “How do I sign up?”
I could hear the man on the other end of the phone grin.
“Sunday. Come to church. Everything will be set up and sterilized.”
“I'm sorry. I think I heard you say 'sterilized'?”
“Yes, that's right,” he said. “It's a whole medical procedure. Completely safe. We're very professional. Nothing to worry about.”
“And this is all happening at church?”
“It's a very hush-hush business activity, you understand. Much like what you do.”
“How do I know this ain't a bunch of crap? That you won't screw me?”
“I'm a priest,” he said.
I nodded.
“That's all I need to hear.”
That was all I needed to hear. Hey, if a man of the cloth can work his voodoo in my favor – if I could get God on my side for once – I'd give just about anything.
“I'll be there,” I said. “Who do I ask for?”
“Lolligal,” he said. “Ask for Father Lolligal.”


I was taken to the confessional, where I sat down. A window across from me the size of my hand opened, and Father Lolligal's sweaty face popped up.
“Do you have the stuff?”
I showed him the box.
“Right here,” I said.
He must've flicked a switch or something, because a little door opened up by my feet, and a robotic hand came out, opening and closing. I gave it the box, and it shot back into the hole. That Lolligal-guy opened the box and looked at the heart, holding it close to his face. It was still beating – still fresh – made his hands bloody.
“The first time I tried this,” he said, “I was in bliss. Total bliss. No drug has ever done that for me. Amazing work. You are a genius, my girl.”
I couldn't help but let my ego smile.
“Thanks.”
He shoved the heart into his mouth, munched on it, swallowed it. The effects hit him hard. He laughed all the time and hit the walls of the booth, mumbling something about the wonders of science – the wonders of the pyramids. And then he recited the alphabet backwards. He did it in song, like a monk would. I was impressed. But then he got really loud – almost angry-loud. Nuns were constantly asking if he was okay, and he'd yell at them to go away and make him a sandwich. We were in there for an hour. Nuns gave him something like twenty sandwiches. He calmed down a bit by then. He was nearing the end of the high – the best part; the peaceful part. Lolligal had to wipe his mouth with four wet rags to get all the blood off.
“Thank you,” he said, crying. “I'm so happy right now. Thank you.”
We got out of the confessional and hugged. A nun gave us sandwiches, and we ate.
“I'm glad you had fun,” I said. “Now it's my turn.”
He took me to a room where everything was white.
I even had to put on a white gown – the kind that shows your butt. Priests dressed like surgeons helped me onto a cold, metal table. Lolligal walked out from a white door, also dressed like a surgeon. They tied me down. I started panicking, but Lolligal assured me everything was going according to plan.
“This will all be over in a minute,” he said. “Trust me. I'm a priest.”
And I believed him.
Sure. Why not?
I eased back, and one of his assistants injected me with an anesthetic that made my body numb. Lolligal took out an even bigger needle – the biggest needle I ever saw in my life. Lolligal had to use both his hands to carry the damn thing, hovering it over my chest.
“Everyone has a little love ghost,” he said. “Inject yours into the target, and it will immediately take over his heart. He falls madly in love with you. Madly! There is no escape. What's not to understand?” He went on, “This whole thing was invented by Hitler so many years ago. It's how he got his men to fall in love with him and do whatever he wanted.” He smiled down at me. “Ready? Here it comes....”
He stuck the needle into my heart and sucked out a little ghost, then shot it into a jar. A nun in white sealed it tight.
Lolligal put his hand on my head.
“Now that wasn't so bad, was it?”
I shook my head, and he smiled.
“Now tell me....Who do you want to fall in love with you?”


When I woke up, I was still in that white room. No one was around. I felt strange. Heavier. Like I gained a few pounds. I walked out of that room with a really bad headache. Father Lolligal was in his office, writing at his desk. He looked up and smiled at me, asking if everything was okay. I said I needed some water, and then I blacked out. I woke up an hour later on his couch.
Father Lolligal walked me outside and handed me my receipt. It read:
Total: $1,000 (fee waived). Server is Father Lolligal. Thank you for using Cutthroat Heroes. Tell your friends!
My eyes hurt. I massaged my temples.
“How long until he's mine?”
The priest looked at his watch.
“Sometime at night. Just drive to where I told you and wait there. He'll show. I promise to God.” He noticed something over my shoulder. I turned around and saw a black van with a big golden cross painted on its side. Lolligal turned serious. “Excuse me,” he said. “I have to take care of some business.”
He walked over to the van. A window rolled down, and someone stuck out a little rattan plate. Lolligal put a bunch of money on it (coins, too), and the van honked and drove away. He didn't say anything about them, and I didn't ask. I was too scared. Something was wrong with that van. It felt like I was being watched. Almost like if I said anything about them – got too nosey – they'd know somehow and rub me out. Maybe put a plague on my house. Bad vibes from that van. Play it safe. Forget you ever saw it. Moving on....
Later that night, I drove to where Lolligal said – I sat in my car and wondered if it was all true. I was getting impatient. I got in and out of my car many times, pacing on the dirt road, trying to decide if I should crash into Lolligal's church and punish him for ripping me off. But...I wanted to believe him.
Relax. Just give him a chance. Calm down.
Would Lolligal's little service work?
Would Phil be in love with me?
Was it that easy?


PHIL MONTOBON

“Would you smoke in a burning house?”
The stranger said it to me with a smile. I put my cigarette out, and he nodded and walked away. Just as well. I was gonna quit anyway. Carmen never had a problem with me smoking, but I felt too guilty seeing her cough all the time. The great bell rang. I looked up at the church, squinted at the sun behind the cross. Kids – all dressed up like little business people – ran out laughing, adults behind them happy to finally be out of that hot place.
I walked in and thought about Carmen.
Soon, our families would be all over the church, all gossiping and comparing clothes and whatever else people did in church that they know they shouldn't be doing. When were we getting married? We didn't know. Soon. Sometime within that year. She loved the ring...showed me how much she loved it through a night of mad passion on the roof of the house. There was no one else for me. She was it. The one. After years of dating other fools and all that heartache and all that bull crap, she was the one. My checklist was made. She passed the test. Carmen was the one, and I was gonna have her all to myself. Marriage. Right? Isn't that the point? To claim someone?
I walked toward the booth. A man walked out, crying.
“I should have never confessed!” he said, shaking his head as he ran out of the church.
A mat on the floor read, “Home is Where the Heart Is”. I wiped my feet on it and walked in. The tiny space smelled like feet. The seat was hard on my butt. I figured they didn't want people hanging around too long.
The priest on the other side jumped.
“What? Who's there?”
I cleared my throat.
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.”
“Phil? Is that you?”
“Yes. Do I know you?”
A little window slid open. I couldn't believe it.
“Father Lolligal!” I said. “I didn't know you were back in Honolulu.”
He was just as happy to see me.
“Just got in this morning! I was in Africa for a long time – demonic possessions and all that jazz. You would've enjoyed it, my boy. One time, I had to exorcise a demon from a little boy while riding on a runaway elephant. Quite exciting!”
“A real one???”
“Of course not,” he laughed. “That stuff isn't real. It's all due to mental illness. Some people don't know the difference between a demon possessing them and the common cold. It's true! They just think they're possessed – all spitting and cursing and fighting. All very exhausting. I was going to send you pictures, but I didn't want to frighten you. How have you been? How's Carmen?”
“We're getting married.”
“Jesus,” he smiled. “Sweet Jesus. You're so sweet.”
I could see tears in his eyes. He mumbled something to himself about young people, then asked, “When?”
“Soon.”
“I'm so happy for you,” he said. “Now what is this sin you mentioned? And feel free to be as detailed as possible. I've missed you.”
I lowered my voice.
“It's this whole thing with her sister.”
“Fran?”
“Yes.”
“And how is she doing nowadays?”
“Well...she tried to kill me, Father.”
“Come again?”
“She's obsessed with me,” I said. “She won't stop calling me. She tells me that she loves me, that she wants me. I keep trying to explain to her that I'm in love with Carmen – that I'm gonna marry her – but each time I say it, she cries and roars and hangs up. Not five minutes later, and she's blowing up my cell phone all over again. I've tried calling the cops, but that did piss. They told her to basically knock it off, or else. Useless! She stopped by my office that day, you hear me, Father? My damn office! I was with a patient, when she kicked down the door and threatened to kill Carmen if I went through with the marriage.”
I paused, wondering if I should really tell him what was on my mind. I figured why not. He was a priest. Priests don't squeal.
“Sometimes...I want to kill her, Father Lolligal. I think about it all the time, even in the shower. Is that wrong? Am I going to Hell?”
A short pause.
“Yes,” he said. “I'm sorry. But murdering someone in your mind is the same as doing it in real life. It says so in the Bible, somewhere. I promise.”
“Isn't there some prayer you can give me?”
“To do what?”
“Go to Heaven.”
“The only way you're going to Heaven is if you come to terms with your problem. Find inner peace first, then outer peace follows,” he said.
“You can't work some magic?”
“Magic???”
“You know....Can't you put some frog legs and eels into a pot and stir it around and make some kind of potion for me to drink, to help me? I'll drink anything, Lolligal. I'm desperate!”
He frowned.
“This isn't witchcraft, my dear boy. This is church.”
“You mean there's a difference?”
Lolligal kept quiet. Was he thinking of something witty to say? Did I offend him?
I leaned back.
Dammit. He wasn't going to bless me. I knew going to church was a waste of time. I said bye to the priest and stood under that statue of Jesus, of Him on the cross, that hovers above the alter. I asked if He'd forgive me for my murderous thoughts, but the Jesus statue came loose and nearly took an alter boy's head off. Everyone screamed and ran to the boy to see if he was alright.
Father Lolligal picked the boy up and pointed at ME.
“Leave this holy place!” he was yelling. “Can't you see your evil heart has done enough???”
People started screaming at me, chanting, “Bad luck! Bad Luck!” and throwing bibles and pamphlets and holy water at my head.
I ran outside and hid behind a tree, confused and shaking, watching as the mob ran down the hill and into the woods. Some of them had torches. What had I gotten into this time? And all for being honest?
I was wrong. Priests do squeal. They squeal to God.
I should've kept my mouth shut.
I was screwed.
Hell waited.


The whole ride home, I just kept thinking about Fran.
And it disgusted me. Felt like I was thinking about a baby killer. Got that sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. What if I got home and found Carmen dead? What if I got home and saw Fran with a knife in her hand, standing over Carmen's decapitated body?
“How could you just let her kill me like this!?” Carmen's head would cry. “Don't you love me anymore???”
What if Fran was wearing Carmen's stomach for a hat?
Terrible images. I felt like gagging.
What was wrong with my head? Fran....She had put a hex on me! I was losing my mind. She was all I thought about. I wished her dead. I had to protect myself, my wife. Certain people had to die, and Fran was one of them. I wanted to be the one to do it. I wanted to kill her. Needed to kill her. I enjoyed thinking about it, and the more I thought about it, the more I really believed I could do it. I'd do it in secret....No cops. No lengthy court. No jail. No prison. I wanted to kill her right then and there – that feeling of relief was awesome. No more of her threats. Time for marriage; time for kids....My life would've been perfect. So perfect.
My way of relaxing? On those drunk nights, I'd go out back and whack my bat on a tree until apples fell all around me. I just needed release, but it was always such a short thing. As long as she lived, I'd never really get a full night's sleep. So I just hit more trees. It wasn't long before I broke all my bats. Something had to be done. Trees weren't doing it.
Maybe a more sane solution? The police?
Well....
Carmen had Fran arrested and thrown in jail a year earlier for smashing a dish over her head. It was Thanksgiving, and the whole family was there, asking us when we were getting married. Fran, she got real drunk and started cussing everyone out one by one, pointing out their faults. She got out of her seat and all up in Carmen's face and whacked her upside the head with a dish full of rice. The whole scene was a big mess. Left everyone crying and such. I remember holding Carmen's bleeding head together. I was filled with rage. I wanted to open her mouth as wide as I could until bone snapped. A few of the big boys were holding her back as she went into this big rant, kicking and screaming about how God hated her, how her life was falling apart, and how much she loved me, how much she wanted me. Said she was going to do all these things to me with her tongue. Nasty things. She was very descriptive. Parents dragged their kids away.
Before that awful meal, she'd come over to our house and tie love letters to rocks and fly'em through our windows. And they were weird letters. A lot of them seemed to be written in what appeared to be Jamaican. And sometimes she'd try to run Carmen over. (I mean...I was sure it was her.) That Thanksgiving was the last straw, and off to jail she went. Off to that, “big, cold, lonely building run by curious fingers,” as Carmen had put it.
It was repetitive.
It was always off to jail with Fran.
But it was the restraining order that seemed to do the trick....
After that, we didn't see her for a long time. We just forgot about her. Suddenly, life was good for us. Peaceful. It was a taste of Heaven. Apparently, Fran became a veterinarian and lived somewhere in the North Shore area. That's all anyone really knew. All that mattered to me was that there was a big gap between her and me – between Honolulu and North Shore. Let her stay there. Let her do what she liked. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
And then...I started to get the phone calls, the love calls, the lust calls, the death threats. I called the police, but they said Fran moved off the island. Said the call came from somewhere in India. It made no sense. I kept arguing with them to do something – to protect us – and they said they'd look in on it. They went to her house in North Shore, but the place had burned down long ago. Fran was a ghost. Carmen was a wreck. She was sick all the time and had pains all over her body.
Fran just didn't want to learn. Someone had to beat some sense into her.
ME.
I'd do it. Take a bat right to her head.
Payback.
This is for Carmen.


The radio went crazy, going to random stations. A light flooded the car. I was blinded. I screamed out for some reason. My ears were ringing. Something weird was happening. This wasn't normal. My first instinct was to run out of the car, but I couldn't move. That light was doing something to me. And then it seemed like the ceiling was being ripped out.
I was floating....
Was I dying?
Incredible pain all over; felt like my flesh was being yanked off.
And then it was cold. I was shaking.
I could hear people chatting – but it was like they were talking backwards.
When I opened my eyes, I was on a metal table...in the nude. I'm dreaming, I kept thinking. This is all just a big joke. People were looking down at me. They looked like aliens: Grey heads; big , black eyes. They held odd, glittering instruments over me. They nodded to themselves in agreement, except for one alien that kept shaking its head and played around with a sword. I started to panic, squirming around, trying to break free. I was tied down by chains. The aliens took out a huge needle. Something was in there, swimming around. I begged them to get that thing away from me, but they didn't care. I was screaming, all-out shrieking.
The alien with the sword just stared at me, and I got the sense that if I did something astounding, he'd take care of me.
The whole place started to shake. One of the aliens yelled to the pilot to do something – pointing to the pilot, jabbing its finger at the pilot. The whole room began to jump around, like it was going over a bumpy road.
The aliens held me down and ran the needle into my chest. It went in like a pen through a Styrofoam cup. I couldn't breathe. I could feel something running all around in my heart, messing things up.
Sounds of expensive things breaking. The lights above me swayed. The UFO was in trouble. Aliens were falling over, crying, confused, begging the pilot to do something right.
And then it felt like something took a big bite out of my heart.
I screamed again...passing out....


CARMEN MURUDA

Where was Phil? He said he'd only be away for an hour or two. Said he had to go to church to get something sour out of his stomach. I missed him. I was getting nervous. What if something happened to him? Was he okay? I made all the calls – Father Lolligal, my sister, all our friends – but nothing useful came out of it. No one had seen him.
I found myself pacing in the living room. My mind went crazy – betraying me. I kept seeing Phil walk in through the front door, all bloody and crying. He'd be dying. He'd die, and I'd be alone forever, because there was no one else for me. I thought back to when Phil saved me from Denny, in that supermarket. He was my lover at the time – Denny – and we got into a fight over me having kids or not. He didn't want, and I quote, “Little money-suckers” running around, stealing his dreams of becoming a professional juggler. He was an artist, didn't I understand???
I told him that we were through. Over. Stick a fork in me. I was DONE.
Next think I knew, he had his hands wrapped around my neck – his thumbs pressed into the center of my throat. People were screaming for the police. A baby cried. I remember looking into his fat face and seeing all the hate he built up for me. Right before my eyes exploded, Phil ran up and hit him over the head with a milk carton, then beat the hell out of him – kicked, bit him, slapped him, really made an example out of Denny Horpor in front of all those kids watching. Phil sat down and held me, rocked me in his arms. I couldn't stop coughing. So embarrassing....I kept saying, “I'm sorry.” Denny stood up, massaging his head, and an old lady hit him with her purse. Then another old lady showed up and hit him, and another, then another.
The cops showed up and tackled him to the ground.
Phil...he went with me all the way to the hospital.
Stayed with me that whole time.
I stopped pacing around.
Denny. Banglan. Dreston. Drewboy. Ba'aron. Verntorn. Ralph.
All those jerks. All those ex lovers. It was time to clear them all out. It was time for an exorcism. Before I got married, I was going to get rid of them once and for all. I went into the kitchen and got out a pile of newspapers, tearing them all up, making these little dolls. Each one represented an ex lover. I even cut their heads out of some old pictures and stuck them on the paper dolls.
I went out to the backyard and stood those things up on the grass and lit them on fire.
I swear, I could hear them cry out for help. They begged for my forgiveness. Their shrieks filled my ears. It was done. I felt cured. I was clean.
I was ready for marriage.


FRAN

I felt like a fool. I didn't think it would work. The whole thing was too good to be true. I sat in my car, on the side of the dirt road, staring into the dark, waiting to see Phil's car drive up. Lolligal said I'd find him there; said that I needed to be patient; said I had to stop calling him and waking him up.
“Relax, my child,” he said. “He'll show.”
I kept repeating what he said in my mind.
He'll show....He'll show....
I started thinking about Phil and Carmen getting married. Imagining them kissing, shoving cake into their mouths, kissing, kissing, KISSING. I wanted to yell out. Felt like something heavy was in my throat. I was being strangled! Carmen was strangling me. She always had the luck, always had to better me in everything. Had to, get it? She went out of her way to shame me. Always. I started replaying things in my mind: Her better house, better job, better car, better driveway, better breasts, better face, better future husband.
She was going to enjoy all his money. Greedy whore. All that money. And I'd see none of it. And why should I? I wasn't the one God smiled down on. Yin and Yang. Black and white. The world demanded balance. Lucky sister, unlucky sister. Guess who I was???
All that thinking pissed me off – and I enjoyed it. I enjoyed that burning feeling all over my body – all that anger. I felt....
Inspired.
Where the hell is Phil? He's supposed to be here by now. I was promised.
Right when I was about to call Father Lolligal again and threaten to eat away his skin – that I was coming over to collect – I saw Phil....Saw him stumbling out of the dark, down the road. He looked like a zombie. He was naked. All beaten up. All shivering. I turned on the headlights. He flew his hands over his face and screamed at the car like it was gonna jump on him. I ran out and held his hands.
“You're okay,” I promised. “You're okay now. I'm here. I'm here for you.”
I hugged him. 
He hugged back and slowly opened his eyes.
“Carmen?”
“No,” I said.
He stepped back...shocked. I thought he was going to hit me.
“Fran? I can't believe this,” he said. “It's you. It's really you.” He put his hands on my face. “I have something to tell you.” He held me close, mouth close to mine...and then he said the words I had been dying to hear for months.
“I want you,” he said. “God, I've wanted you for so long!”
He kissed me, and when he did it, a picture of my sister hit my eyes like lightning. So I kissed him back – more and more until Carmen was driven out from my mind. Phil eased me to the ground. We rolled around on all that dirt, all those leaves, all those bugs.
“It was always you,” he said. “When I was with her, it was always you I made love to. I could never get you out of my head. I'm yours. I'll give you anything! Just tell me you'll be mine.”
It worked, I kept thinking. Jesus, yes, thank you...it worked.
I could feel all his money in my bloodstream. I could feel my wardrobe expanding, my wallet expanding, my future expanding, my travel expenses expanding. The good life. It was kissing me. I had everything. Security. Peace. Life was going to be good.
I owed that priest an apology.
I opened my purse and pulled out a small container.
“Wanna have some fun?”
He looked at it, curious.
“What's that?”
I opened the container and sniffed it.
“I call it Babiroin. Super baby-heart.”
“Good Lord, it's still beating!”
“That's how you know it's good.”
“Where'd you get it?”
“I made it.”
“Made it???”
“I dig up cemeteries, bring babies home, cut them open, reanimate the hearts with black magic and various dance moves and moaning sounds, and inject the hearts with dangerous amounts of cocain. What do you think I've been doing the whole time I was gone? Going to college? Get real. I've been making Babiroin. Super baby-hearts.”
“What does it do?”
“Babi-ro-in gives you the greatest high you've ever had. You'll feel like a goddamn werewolf!” I licked the heart, and it was like licking battery acid. “Consumption is the only way.”
“I have to eat that thing?” He shook his head. “I can't. It's too weird.”
I was losing him. He was freaking out.
“I ain’t putting that stuff in my mouth,” he said. “Jesus, please don't make me bite it.”
I kissed him.
“If you love me you will.”
His response was immediate.
“You're right,” he smiled. “I love you. As your lover, I have to do anything you say.”
We were on our knees, facing each other. I held the beating heart in front of us, and we ate it at the same time – eating the drug like wild dogs. Blood was all over my face. Our eyes were wide open. There was something very sexual about the whole thing. It was the first really romantic thing I ever experienced. Phil was looking around like a confused deer. It was like he wanted to say something important, but couldn't spit the words out. His eyebrows kept going up and down. His tongue went in and out of his mouth like a lizard. I was exhibiting the same mannerisms.
Fantastic!
We were aroused. Sexually.
Phil bear-hugged me and flung his head back and roared like a lion and we rolled down the side of the mountain – his lips pressed hard against mine. We ended up in a bush, where he made love to me every which way. I hoped I wasn't rolling around on an ant-hill.
Next thing I knew, the sky opened up and a giant hand reached down and picked us up. We screamed and screamed. I gripped Phil's legs for dear life. A bird flew into my head.
“What's happening?”
We were in Heaven. We made love on a ground of clouds. All the angels clapped and cheered and smiled at us.


CARMEN

I drove faster. Phil was in trouble; I could feel it. He was dying.
I had to think positive. He was okay. But...what if he was in a crash? All dead and bleeding and headless? Legless? Guts all hanging out – all draped over his shoulder? What then? I'd be alone again. How would I respond to being alone again? Would I contemplate suicide? How strong was I? Phil was always by my side. He was my guardian angel, my lover, my doctor, my soul mate – my damn better half. Phil had his hands all over my heart – he was gripping it – pumping it. With him gone...dead...how would I live???
I shook my head. Cleared my thoughts. I saw something up ahead and squinted:
Blinking red lights. License plate. It was Fran's car.
A naked man ran in front of me. I yelped and hit him and slammed on the brakes. The man was under the car. An equally naked woman ran up and pulled him out and up to his feet.
Fran and Phil stood in front of my headlights.
Amazing emotions then.
Confusion.
Fear.
Anger....
It felt like I was in my very own movie: The camera zooming in on our faces for dramatic effect. I remember getting out of the car and hollering at them – throwing mad questions at them. “What?” “Huh?” “Jesus!” “F-this!” and “F-that!”
“What the hell!” I went. “What the hell is this!?”
Fran held Phil in her arms.
“You almost killed him!” she said.
They were damn dirty. Mud and leaves covered their life-giving bits. I took a step closer.
“Phil? What did she do to you??? Are you on drugs? Your eyes....They're completely red – filled with blood!”
Phil was shaking his head at me.
“It's over,” he said. “We're done!”
Fran held him in her arms.
And then she kissed Phil on the mouth. Their tongues went at it like bewildered snakes. Phil was in ecstasy. I saw in my mind's eye a picture of the future – of us married. It shattered into pieces and went into my eyes. Crying was immediate. He gave in. Is that was happened? I thought. She finally won. I wanted to run up to him and slap some sense back into that head of his.
“What did she do to you? Are you on drugs?”
He shook his head.
“Witch! You must've put some kind of hex on me. It's over now. My eyes are open.”
He yanked at his hair.
“You make me sick. Looking at you is like looking at an abortion. God!” He picked up rocks and began throwing them at me. “Get away from me!” he went. “Beat it! Scram! I hate you!”
Fran just laughed and laughed – hands on her knees. At certain points (usually when a rock hit my head), she pointed and made an 'O' face and said, “Ooooh! Ho ho ho!”
One got me right on the temple. Dizziness took me. I felt like falling over. Had the world gone mad?! Was I dreaming??? Gadzooks! Was this Hell??? All I could manage to say was, “I...I...I....”
Listen! Get a grip! Stop it. I was weeping – blubbering. My brain yelled, You're making a fool of yourself. Just shut up! Run away before he throws bigger rocks!
Fran walked up and jabbed her finger at my chest.
“Now who's the better one, huh? Nowww who's the lucky one!”
I looked at Phil – expecting him to run up and kick Fran in the back, expecting him to carry me away, run off with me into the dark, back home, tell me that it was all some sick joke.
Didn't happen.
Phil just stood there with his arms folded across his chest. He was scowling at me – like he was trying his damnedest to burn lasers into my face. And it worked, too. I felt my brain melting. I spun around and ran into my car and drove away...leaving them in the dark.
Left them to their gross business.
Now what?


FRAN

After Phil was done doing things to me, I put my clothes on, and we got into my car. He was dripping with mud and shaking all the time, smiling, teeth chattering. What a mess. I made him sit on newspaper, and we drove off. He fell asleep, his arms and legs twitching. Bad dreams. He was yelling in his sleep.
“Aliens!” he went. “Touching me. Caressing me! Ohhhhh....”
I was freaked out. I wanted him to shut up with the bizarre talk, so I punched him in the face a few times. It seemed to work. He just snored the rest of the way to his car. The thing was a wreck – roof torn clean off.
I hit the brakes and sent his head flying into the dashboard. He woke up.
“My car,” he said. “They ruined it! Bastards....”
He walked out and found his clothes inside, in the backseat. I rolled down my window and stuck my head out.
“Did they take your wallet?”
“No,” he said, counting the money inside.
I threw my hands over my face and almost cried.
“Thank God,” I said. “That was a close one.”
Phil put his stinking clothes on, and we drove off to my place.
My secret place.


PHIL

I remember that road. We had made love there until we got all raw. Sometimes Carmen would run across my mind, ruining things for me. In my imagination, I was pushing her out of our home, yelling at her to leave and never return. She'd be laughing the whole time, wouldn't she? Bet she would be. Laughing about how she had fooled me all this time. She was just using me because I was a therapist. She just wanted a free talk. Hell, I should charge her for all those nights I had to listen to her drivel...her sins. I had to sit through all of it. She was just using me, don't you see? It hurts like all hell – finding out you were being used. I don't recommend it. How could she do that to me? She said she loved me, and I loved her. Didn't I?
But....
Why?
Why did I have those feelings for her in the first place? What attracted me to her? What did I ever see in her? Maybe she really did put a spell on me.
Each time I thought about Carmen, crazy rage filled my solar plexus. I wanted to vomit and punch something at the same time. Strange mix of emotions. I had to think of Fran – imagine her sweet, nude form – to be at peace again. It was interesting. I started to wonder. How was it that one day you fall in love with someone, only to break up with them later? What happened? Why can't we just stay in love with one person? Makes no sense. Did I just get bored? People fall out of love. People want to experience different things. No one eats the same foods all the time. And Fran? I went from hating her scent to not getting enough of it. I went from wanting to kill her to wanting to make love to her all the live-long day. Amazing! What just happened? All those girls I fell in and out of love with...it was like a simple flick of the switch. BAM. My feelings changed. One day one thing, next day another.
Carmen was different. 
Something didn't sit right. As much as I despised her – as much as I wanted to see her dead and rotting in her grave for all her lies – I couldn't help shake the sensation that something queer was going on. Even though my brain was screaming with hate...something...deep down...was trying to reason with me. How did I have a change of heart so quickly???
Did the aliens have anything to do with it? I wondered.
“Baby, I think those aliens did something to me.”
Fran shot me a look.
“Don't call me 'baby'. Call me 'master'.”
“Yes...master.”
“Don't talk about aliens. You sound like a crazy person. I want you to be normal. Only talk about normal things.”
“But I did see aliens,” I said. “They violated me.”
“No! You didn't see aliens. You're just confused. You were attacked by bears,” she said. “Bears attacked your car. They ripped the roof apart and took off your clothes.”
“There are bears in Hawaii?”
“They were imported. They're all over these parts. Don't you watch the news???”
“....But I don't remember any bears.”
“That's because you're in shock, you stupid asshole.”
“Thank you. I deserved that.”
“Your memory is obviously out of whack. Shock does that to you. Trust me. I'm a veterinarian.”
Next thing I knew, we were parked outside some gas station. Fran reached into my back pocket and took out my wallet.
“Now gimme your money,” she said. “My car needs gas.”
She opened my wallet and smiled at the bills.
Mmm....That smile.
God, I loved her.
“I want to make love to you right now,” I said.
“Do me a favor, and go into the bathroom and wash the inside of your ass. Your filling the car with funk.”
She slammed the door and walked away. “YAHAHAHA! I slay me....”
I laughed too, and slapped my nude knees. Her sense of humor was amazing. Nonetheless, I did as she asked. I'd do a wonderful job. I wanted to impress her. I wanted to make her proud of me.
I'd do anything for her.
Anything.


FRAN

Guilt?
Why? It makes no sense. I did nothing wrong. Let me explain before you start hating on me: That was MY life. I did what I wanted, how I wanted, when I wanted to do it. I wasn't born tied to anyone – not to my mom, not to my dad, and if I had kids, not to them either. I'm serious. My life; my rules. I did whatever and whoever my heart desired. Achieving your dreams; doing whatever it takes; saying “F-off” to whoever tries to stand in your way....That takes real power. I was proud of who I was. Who nowadays has the guts to live how they want? To go after what they want? Not my parents, and certainly not my sister. She didn't have to! Everything was handed to her. My parents gave her everything – anything she wanted. Why? I'll tell you why.
Because she was prettier than me. Simple! People bow down to the pretty ones...give them whatever they want...whatever they desire...whatever makes them happy. It's all true. It's like people are saying, “Let us praise this beautiful person. I like looking at her, because she makes me forget about all the ugly problems in the world, especially all those ugly people. Those creatures depress me. This pretty one is a gift! A treasure! She is like a fine painting – a moving painting made by God. Let's give her a promotion!” And don't give me no lip. Be honest with your pal Fran. You know it's true. You see how unfair the world is? Only the good ones suffer. Only the good ones suffer.
Growing up, I got no attention.
Boys at school never looked at me. It was like they could sniff me out – smell my ugliness. I was cursed! The girls would point and laugh at me and pull my hair. The teachers would throw balls of paper at me and make me drag my desk outside of class. Apparently, I made them feel depressed. The principal – Miss Pain – would call me into her office once a week and stand me up against a wall and throw darts all around my head for fun. I never got hit (thank goodness). She made me promise not to tell anyone – said she'd come over my house and pull all my nails out if I did.
Years, years, years later...I plotted my revenge. I'd get everyone back for making me feel like crap. Everyone was in on it. Everyone was against me. Everyone was gonna hurt somehow. I'd find a way. I'd be persistent. That's the key in accomplishing every goal: Persistence. Things needed time to work, to grow, to get to you. Never give up! Keep your eye on the goal. Visualize it as already done. I was gonna get my good. I loved thinking about revenge, about WINNING. Yesss....I was turning evil, and I liked it. I felt powerful. In control! Control of everything, especially my own life, dammit. My life got real easy once I gave up on people. To Hell with the world. Literally.
I started studying witchcraft...got really into all that Satanic stuff: Virgin’s blood and goat dancing and candles and lots of myrrh. My confidence was building. Payback. Retaliation. Vengeance. Miss Pain was the first one I “worked” on. When I was out of high school, I went to her house late at night and broke in. I was wearing this devil mask. A real good one, too. It was red with horns, and it looked like I was screaming all the time. I crept upstairs and jumped on her bed and tied her all up and super-glued her lips shut and eyes open. I stood her up in the middle of the room and lit a fire all around her – like I was getting ready to burn a witch. I danced around in my devil costume, poking at her with a trident. A small radio nearby played “jungle music” at full blast. She was sweating like a pig! Her eyes were bursting!
When the old pig collapsed, I put the fire out and threw her back in bed and got the heck out of there. I could hear the neighbors complaining, and I had the feeling someone called the coppers. I left the “jungle music” playing though, attaching big speakers to it to make it even louder. I was running through those woods – a mile away – and I could still feel the bass.
Next day, Miss Pain was all over the news, all her hair burnt off. They had to cut her lips off so she could whine to the cameras. She complained how Satan was real and how he invaded her home and danced for her. It was a hoot! I felt like a celebrity! I remember being in my bedroom, watching TV and laughing until my sides hurt! I stopped when my back hurt. Too much dancing. Oh, well....I needed rest anyway. I had a whole list of people to torment. All of them were gonna hurt. I'd make their lives a living nightmare. Mom. Dad. All those boys and girls. Those sassy girls. Those popular boys. Carmen. All those guys that liked her – that licked their lips at her. She got all the attention. Always looking at them with her big, painted eyes. Pretty girl. Such a pretty girl. Pretty girls got all the luck. The world loved pretty girls. Ah, such a pretty girl. Look at the pretty girl. Oooh, ahhh. Let's talk to them! Let's help them out! Let's love them!
The ugly ones just grew up sad and pathetic – sat in the corner, in the dark, weeping until their lives melted away. Not I. Your pal Fran here had goals.
No one was gonna get in the way of my happiness, my freedom. That's what life was all about to me. Freedom. To be free to do what you want. I wanted to eat exotic foods, wear fancy clothes, and go to peculiar places. And that takes money. And my boy Phil had lots of it.
No guilt there. He was happy to give me everything – whatever I needed to be free.
Bless his little heart.
Or I should say, bless my ghost in his little heart. Ha!
Oh, I loved the look on Carmen's face when she saw my tongue all up in Phil's mouth. You could see it: You could see her whole life just burn, burn, burn...crumble and get blown away – ashes in the wind. My soul was lifted when she cried and drove off. It was like God breathed into the core of my very being. Ah! I was revitalized. She may have had the looks, but I had the brains to win. As for Phil...I knew I'd get bored with him eventually. Little sex here and there, a lot of spending his money here and there. Usually, as we all know, things get boring after those first three months. Then it would be time for me to go hunting for someone else. No way was I going to “stick with it”. What was I? A masochist???
I strove to maximize my net pleasure. Life was about having fun! It was my time. I needed to be at peace, to be merry in the world. Guilt? Their feelings? After what humans did to me for so long, for so many years?
Damn how they felt.
Hell with them all.


CARMEN

The first thing I did was drink. I got hammered drunk, and then I ran into the woods and wept and screamed. Neighbors were far off, so they didn't matter.
“Whyyyyy!?!?!” I screamed. “Phil! My love!!! Whyyyyyy??? Come back! Come back! OH-GOD! HELP ME!!!!”
A plane flew over the trees – one of those fat jets. I yelled at it – yelled through its loud engines.
“He left me! Left meeeeeeeeeee!”
I leaned against a tree, blowing my nose on a leaf. My throat hurt. I was spitting blood. Good! I liked seeing my blood. I deserved to bleed. To hurt. I messed up real bad. I messed up the one relationship that mattered in my life. I should have loved him hard enough. Should have kept my problems to myself. Should have made him happier. Of course! Made perfect sense....
I ran through more trees, breaking through some branches, finding myself at the edge of the mountain. I could see the city lights below me, and I threw my empty beer bottles at all those happy people scattered all over Honolulu. I screamed as loud as I could, cried as loud as I could. I felt like a crazy person, but damn if each scream helped a little. I drank some more, then some more. I didn't want to think, or feel, or whatever. I wanted to pass out. Pass out in the woods – in nature like the animal that I was. The world spun, and I fell down on the wet grass. Something told me to open my eyes.
Fran was standing above me.
“I win,” she was saying. “I have him. I WIN.”
And then I jumped up and took a swing at her, but she vanished. Jesus! I was losing my mind.... Get a grip, girl. Get a grip. Is it wrong to wish your sister dead? Your own flesh & blood? Did the quality of her meat really matter??? Do the world a favor. Inject the venom. Just get rid of all the evil people, that's what I thought. Electrocute them! Do us good souls a favor....Make them go away. That included my sister, too – get rid of her. Kill her. Make her go away.
She was always the bad egg.
When Mom gave birth, Fran came out in a black sack made of skin. When they cut the thing open, smoke came out, and all the doctors said it smelled like someone died. As a baby, she cried all the time. Alllll the time. Drove us nuts. My mom turned to the drink; and dad turned to the drugs. Right then, even at that young age, I thought, My life will be so much better with this thing gone. No?
Then Fran grew up. Then her jealousy showed. Did she go into her ugly duckling rant? Don't feel too special. She says that to everyone. She always complained that I was prettier. Total confusion. I never understood what she was talking about. Honestly, she looked attractive enough to me. If boys didn't look at her, it's because she never looked at them.
Fran always walked with her head down, hair over her eyes...always wore these long “church dresses” from the 1800's that never showed any skin. There was a time when I tried to dress her up, but she just stared at herself in the mirror for a long time. Then she threw a piggy bank at her reflection, and glass flew everywhere, all in my hair, in my mouth, all over my room. I started yelling at her, shaking her, asking her why she did it – why she would do such a crazy thing. Fran just shrugged and laughed. She said she felt better. I kept trying to help her – kept trying to make her prettier by painting her face, cleaning her up, dousing her with the finest perfumes. She'd always burn the clothes in the bathtub and wash off what she called, “that darn stink juice”. I knew it was a bad idea to begin with, but what the hell. I wanted to help her. She was my sister. I even tried to get her to join me in cheerleading. Of course, the very idea made her puke. She gripped her stomach and went all over my feet. She then ran all through the school, crying, to the girls' bathroom...busted all the mirrors with a sock full of quarters. She told the police that the girl in the mirrors wouldn't stop laughing at her. One cop said he found a doll's head in the toilet, its eyes colored black with a marker.
Another time, again in school, I walked into the bathroom and saw Fran on the sink, real close to the mirror with a switchblade to her face. She was cutting herself...said it made her look better. I slapped the thing away and tackled her to the floor and called for help. Mom and Dad said that our great grandmother did the exact same thing. She was the same way.
“Gross insecurity,” they said.
In time, with Fran, that turned into gross insanity. Fran felt the world was against her. I know this, because I used to hear her screaming in her room, “THE WORLD IS AGAINST ME!” There would always be these banging sounds, eating sounds, tearing sounds, whining sounds. I started fearing for my safety. One time, I walked into her room and saw pictures of dead animals and people – pages ripped from magazines – all over her bedroom walls.
I told my mom, and Fran got a good beating for it.
Maybe that's when she started really hating me.


I woke up. The sun burned my eyes out.
I stood up and looked at the city. Everything was in a hurry: Highways bleeding traffic. And then there was Diamond Head, way off in the distance. That extinct volcano gave me the creeps. For some odd reason, I thought it would erupt then and there. I'd feel a big rumble, and that would be the end of everything. Total eruption, just to spite me. Just because I was looking at it. Because it hated me. Everything hated me. Bad luck. Dangerous, bad luck. Everything hated me. Life hated me. God hated me. He took Phil away from me. Just...gave him to Fran. For a second, I felt what she must've felt all her life.
The world, against you.
I wiped the morning drool off my mouth and walked through those woods, massaging my shoulder.
Back home, I opened the refrigerator and drank more beer and smoked more cigarettes. I felt better.
Alcohol & cigarettes. My heroes.
….Ate my Spam and eggs breakfast...drank some more. I kept drinking until I knocked out and woke up in the closet for some reason. I was covered in roaches. Oh, no...was I sleeping with my mouth open? It was ten at night. Something like eleven hours went by. I had slept through it all, and my body ached, muscles complained. Drinking more beer helped to numb me. I walked through the house and saw Phil in every room, waiting behind every door. He was even in the shower, just standing there, lips moving, no sound coming out. He was dead each time – rotting – huge cuts all over him – blood came out of his holes – his eyes – his nose – his pores....
His chest.
It had a huge hole. 
Darkness in there. Just nothing. Nothing.
In that bathroom, I just stood there staring at him for a long time. Can't be real. Are you a ghost? Phil? Say something....
It was like he was looking right into my soul – eyes dead-set on mine. I ran to hug him, and he was gone. I lost it then...ran downstairs and drank all the alcohol, even all the hards. The house turned into a circus. Other realities invaded my mind. My soul went from one world to another every five seconds. I even went to Heaven; but the angels there kicked me out; called me a phony....
My face was on the floor, and I was moving around like a weird person. I couldn't stop throwing up. I did it so much, my belly hurt. Trouble breathing. Much blood. It was an adventure just to get to my cell phone and dial 911. 
“I think I drank too much,” I said. “Please advise.”
Then I slept for a bit.
A deep, dead sleep.
I was dying.


I woke up in the hospital. A doctor was standing at the foot of my bed, just standing there, staring at me with a big smile.
“Good morning,” she said. “How are you feeling?”
My words came out like sandpaper.
“Funny how the things that make you feel good can kill you at the same time.”
“What did you just say to me?”
“I'm thirsty.”
“Of course you are. We had to pump everything out of your gosh darn stomach! You're lucky to be alive.”
“Then why do I still feel dead?”
The doctor looked at her notes.
“That's normal. You're still drunk.”
I shook my head a little, and it was like little bombs were going off inside.
“Wait....Did you say you pumped out all the alcohol?”
“Sure did,” she said. “And here it is.” She held up a jar filled with green and red stuff. It had an artistic pattern to it – reminded me of a fancy lollypop.
Doc went on blabbing about the dangers of drinking too much. All I could think of was opening up that jar and drinking it down and feeling good again. Old Phil, he was standing next to the doctor, depressing me. I had to drown him out. It worked the morning before. Or was it the night before? I couldn't remember. The doctor said that if I drank anymore, I'd maybe die. I said that I understood and shook her hand.
Walking down the street, I saw that Phil was following me, hovering toward me. I ran to him and hugged him, but it turned out to be some old Chinese woman. She smiled at me. Right then, I went to the nearest store to buy more beer. And I did. And I went home and drank a crap load. But then something odd happened. The beer didn't work. There were no fascinating journeys; no happy times. I couldn't block out Phil. He still followed me. I started drinking only hards, but even that only lasted for a little while. In the end, Phil would always find some way to break back into my head. Then drinking just made me depressed.
I needed something stronger.
I started taking drugs – weed, meth – nothing worked!
He'd always be there, sometimes even standing next to me, teasing me. Torturing me. I came close to banging my head against the walls so many times....
I felt like going to church. I don't know. It's strange. One day, I just woke up, looked around at my messy room – at all my shirts on the floor, sticking to the walls, dangling from the ceiling; at the TV stuck on loud-static; smelled the vomit-air; walked on the sticky floor – and I just felt like going to church. I remember looking at myself in the bathroom mirror. My eyes were black all around. My mouth was dry. My arms had tiny holes all over them. The bathtub was filled – totally – with drug needles. I lost a lot of weight. Something like...I went from 180 to 115.
I felt eyes on me.
Paranoia.
I looked around.
“Phil??? Where are you? I know you're here. Show yourself!”
I walked all over the house, but I couldn't find him.
A terrible thought occurred to me. I scratched my chest. He was inside.
Deep inside.
I was gonna lose the war if I didn't think of something fast.


The guy I bought drugs from was named Carl. He was my butcher.
“What'll it be today?” he said, chopping some meat. His apron was all bloody, and he wore black gloves that went all the way up to his elbows.
The supermarket had few customers that day. Plenty of time for him to chat with me. He leaned over the counter. “What kind of meat can I give ya, Carmen?”
“I need stronger stuff,” I said. “Nothing's working for me. I feel like crap all the time.”
He shrugged.
“That's how it goes. You get a high, then you fall down. It's normal.”
“Have you got anything else?”
He thought for a second, then slammed his butcher's knife hard on a leg of lamb. Blood splattered against my face. I was expecting it.
“Well...I do have this one thing. Brand new stuff. The talk of the town. Haven't tried it myself, but everyone has been saying it's tops.”
“What's it called?”
“Babiroin,” he said. “Like I said, I haven't tried it out yet, but when I do, I'll see if it's worth selling....”
“I'll buy some now.”
“Now?”
“Now,” I said, already digging into my purse.
He looked impressed.
“All right. That'll be $1,000.”
I looked at the counter.
“And I'll take some hotdogs too, please.”
“Which ones?”
“The black ones.”
“Ah! The Black Snakes. Good choice. That'll be $53.72.”
“For hotdogs?!”
“Sorry,” he said. “Good meat's hard to come by nowadays.”
He disappeared behind the swinging doors for a long time. When he came back, he had my drug all wrapped in white paper. It was beating like a heart. He said not to worry. All I had to do was eat it.
When I got home, I threw the hotdogs in the fridge and went into the bathroom with the Babiroin. I opened the wrapping and took the drug out. It was beating...slowly. It hypnotized me. I took a nibble out of it, and it tasted like so many things all rolled into one: Tasted like crushed aspirin, old pennies, a sweaty neck, an orange peel, and skim milk. Terrible; terrible. I shoved the whole heart in my mouth. The thing started to beat faster. Felt like the thing was replacing – taking over my old brain. I chewed and swallowed it all down. The stuff danced into my belly, made it warm. My skin sizzled. A great sense of peace took hold of me. I felt like I could do anything. All my dreams seemed possible. I was invincible. Life didn't stand a chance. I was a god. I was in control....
I wanted more.
So I went back to the market, to Carl, and demanded MORE.
“Be careful,” he said. “Don't take so much. You could die. I think.”
I reached into my pocket and threw money at his face.
“Just gimme the Babiroin!”
He counted the money and smiled and saluted me.
“As you wish!”
He gave me five Babiroins, all wrapped in white paper in a picnic basket. As I ran away, shoppers were staring at me with weird looks, holding their kids away from me. Many of the younglings laughed and pointed in my general direction. I could hear Carl yelling behind me.
“Ya'all come back now! Ya hear! Hahahahahaha!”
I couldn't place my finger on it, but there was something uncaring in his voice.
Back home, I filled the bathtub with ice cold water and took off my clothes and splashed in. I dropped the Babiroins into the tub. They stained the water with blood, and for some reason reminded me of giant, red eyeballs – all floating between my knees. I ate a Babiroin. I was at peace! Wonderful images filled my mind: Of flowers, of sunsets, of kids laughing, of old people laughing, of reindeer licking my feet, of cats covering my body. Phil was nowhere to be seen. Gone. No one to give me grief. I was happy. Blissful. So blissful.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
Thank you, Babiroin. Thank you.
I ate another, then another, then another....By the time I had the fifth one all up in my trembling mouth and down my throat, my face began to feel all funny...like there were feathers under my skin. The cold water turned hot.  (Was I seeing steam?? Glowing butterflies??) Eyes on me! Jesus, no....The bathroom began to whisper things, and the tub felt like a black hole. Phil....He was near. But where? WHERE???
Fear set in.
“What's happening right now?”
This might've not been the smartest of moves, I thought.
And then the coughing started. Something in my throat tickled. It felt like a hair was in there, alive and wild. I reached in and held on to whatever it was and pulled it out – hand over hand, like a rope. Pain shot through my heart. It was like something was yanking on it. This thing was wrapped around my heart. As much as it hurt, I pulled the serpent out from my mouth. The black snake splashed in the tub, hissing, trying to bite my head off. It had Phil's head. The snake jumped up to my face, and I got the feeling it wanted to get back in my mouth, back down to my heart. I picked up the snake and hit it against the wall a few times. I remember...I strangled it and walked out the bathroom and threw it down the stairs.
I ran back into the bathroom and took off that heavy toilet lid. I was gonna smash that devil snake to mush. I hurried down the stairs, not believing what I saw....
It wasn't a snake at all. It was Phil.
“Jesus!”
Had I killed him?
He was unconscious. I didn't see any blood...no bones sticking out through his skin. I started kissing him. I didn't care. I've missed him. I've wanted him for an eternity. I missed kissing him. I missed touching him. I grabbed his hands and moved them around – moved them all over my body.
“One last time,” I said. “Just one last time.”


After I put some clothes on, I took him out back and tied him against a tree, and for a long time I just looked at him. He opened his eyes, and he tried to jump out and get me.
“Let me go! I'll kill you! You bitch! I'll kill you!”
I poured gasoline all over him.
“Not before I kill you first,” I said.
He spat at my face.
“You mean nothing to me! I love Fran! I make LOVE to her. She's better than you!”
I lit a match.
“You're not going to hurt me anymore,” I said. “You're not getting in anymore. Goodbye, Phil.”
An arrow zipped through the air and took out the match. I looked around. Phil began howling like a dog.
“My hero!” he went. “She loves me so much!” He looked at me. “Not like you, you stupid turd!”
I spun around. Where was she? Fran came swinging out like a naked Tarzan and kicked me in the face with her muddy foot, sending me crashing through a sliding glass door, into the kitchen. I got a big knife and ran outside.
They were gone. Those two naked bastards were gone.
I chased after them, shrieking a battle cry, big knife cutting through branches. When I get my hands on them, I thought, I'm gonna cut them open and finally be at peace. That's all anyone wants – right? To be at peace? I'm gonna kill'em. I'm sorry, but I have to. There's no other way. Enough with this weirdness....Peace, here I come.


CHAPTER TWO

THE HEALING POWER OF NATURE

PHIL

I was home alone. There were pictures in my wallet – pictures of me and Carmen holding hands, hugging each other, kissing, looking real happy. It all made my stomach turn sour. I ripped the pictures up and burned them over the stove and flushed down the ashes. I was being dramatic. It felt great. Seeing her bits vanish in the toilet was a relief.
Fran was off at work. I was going crazy. I was in heat. A comet flew across the moon. Random images popped into my mind, of UFOs and aliens and swords and burning cars and big eyes...but no bears.
I grabbed at my hair and shook my head.
Hide it all. Tell no one of this madness. Sweep it all under my mental carpet.
That was the best thing to do. I was my own best shrink! Better I lock it all up in my brain. It was easy when I was awake. Sleep was the problem. Each night, I'd get those damn dreams – of me in the spaceship, of “them” experimenting on me. Waking up in a cold sweat, I'd roll over and hug Fran for support, but she'd kick me away and tell me to go back to sleep, that aliens didn't exist, only bears. She was right.
Jesus, I thought, she's so smart. I deserve all this yelling. How dare I wake her from her beauty sleep?
I opened my eyes....I was back at the house again, alone, hands to my head, tears in my eyes. Soon. My baby would be home soon. I wondered if she was thinking of me.
Phil....
I turned around, squinting my eyes into the house.
“Yes?”
This is your smarter self talking – the part that went to college for all those years. Remember me? You created me. You trained me. I'm here to tell you that sealing up all this pain and confusion will only grow into something awful. You'll go mental. One day, you might wake up and find yourself killing someone for no reason. The mind is strange that way. A real mystery box. Trust me. I'm a doctor. I know these things.
“Lies. I'll be fine. I'm strong. I'm tough. I'm a man, and as such, my job is to hold all this in.”
I went into the kitchen and made a grand feast. Fran would come home and kiss me all over my body. In excitement, and in preparation for our night of sex, I stripped off my clothes and baked a turkey.
“I'll never say anything to depress her,” I promised.


CARMEN

The sun was up. I was in the middle of the woods? Deep, deep in there. Monkeys made odd sounds. Strange, seeing how there weren't supposed to be monkeys in Hawaii – at least not to my knowledge. I kept walking. My feet sank in mud. I felt at ease. Vines dangled all around me. Those mysterious monkeys were dancing in the trees. One came down and fed me a banana. I said my thanks and ate it. The monkey smiled (I think) and ran away screaming.
A wonderful vibration filled me.
Home....Home....
Peace.
Peaceful.
Everywhere I looked, animals smiled at me.
The deer smiled; the racoons smiled; the anteaters smiled; the rabbits smiled. I kept thinking, How many of you guys are native to these here parts? No matter. I loved them. I walked up and hugged them all. A deer even let me ride on his back. The grand beast took me for a ride, and we jumped over fallen logs and mud puddles. I laughed and laughed....
After two hours of riding through the woods, I crawled out from a dirty-brown lake and realized I was in the nude. Where were my clothes? When did I take them off? Didn't matter. I was in ecstasy!
And then I was running through the woods and laughing – laughing at the top of my lungs. Eventually, I started screaming. I was releasing all those emotional toxins.
At nighttime, those forest animals fed me all sorts of things: Berries, leaves, bark, and other things of nature. I had the bright idea of maybe cooking the berries, and a lightning bolt shot from the sky and hit the ground right at my feet, into a pile of wood, and a huge fire started. We all cooked our various foods. My deer friend turned to me and asked if I wanted meat this time around. I said I did, and he ran off behind a tree. He came back after a minute and spat flesh into my mouth. I chewed and swallowed as politely as I could. I didn't question it.
Then I started getting a strange feeling in my belly...a strange hunger. I wanted brains. But not just any brains. Baby brains.
I knew then that I was crazy.
I needed that damn drug. I had to get off of it. I got embarrassed and ran off. My animal friends called out to me – all bleeping and honking – and ran after me, concerned about me, but I was just too ashamed to show my face. I was a drug addict. I was a loser. I didn't deserve friends. I didn't deserve love....Not until I cleaned myself up. I climbed a tree and sat on a branch. Of course! That was it! I thought. After I clean myself up. It made perfect sense. First get off the baby drug, then the alcohol drug, then the coffee drug, then get a job, then get rich and famous. The meaning of life was clear. I had to turn myself into a success. I climbed down and told the animals my plan. They thought it was a wise decision, and they wished me well and said they would do all they could to help me on my way.
As I stared out at the Honolulu lights way in the distance, I said to myself, “I can do this. I can get clean. I have the power. I can be normal again. I can make something of myself. I can make a difference. I can be important. I can matter to someone....I can find a new love.”
And as I said that last part out loud, something in me clicked.
Something in me didn't really believe.
Maybe didn't wanna believe.


LOLLIGAL

I was at work when that butcher, Carl, came into my confessional. We spoke on the phone earlier that day. He didn't have much money, but he said that if I gave him the service – inject his love ghost into someone he had the hots for (some old teacher he once had) – he'd give me a free month's worth of meat. I took him back into the white room and performed the big suck on him. After the operation, he went outside and gave me an oily, dripping, brown box of various meats. He said that, as a bonus, he threw in a cow's head. I accepted his deal. See, I owed him a favor anyway. Carl once stopped a bunch of football players from beating up my daughter. Good kid, that Carl. Always handy with his butcher's knife....
Walking back into the church, a line of ten cats followed me. I gave them some sausages and sent them on their way.
In my office, I gathered my crew – the nuns and my UFO pilot – and gave them their share of meat. They were all very grateful, but meat wasn't going to pay the bills, so I went over to my safe and took out a big bag of money with a dollar sign on it. I handed out the bills. As everyone smiled and counted their pay, I said, “Now let's hurry up and get ready. We have another job to do.”
Everyone walked out.
Except for my UFO pilot – Jody.
She was crying.
“Lolligal, I need more money,” she said. “My mother...her medical bills keep going up.”
I sat her down.
“Is it the medicine?”
She sniffed. “It's her eye drops! One month they're $20, and the next month they're $60.”
“And now?”
“$200....” she said.
I was horrified.
“Jesus Lord God. I am horrified.”
“Indeed,” she said. “She needs those eye drops. Without them, she says it feels like her eyes are being dipped in acid. She actually just ran out of them eye drops. Mom's been crying all the time for the past week. Why, just the other day, she was cooking bacon when blood started falling from her eyes! Oh, no....Please, please help me. I know I shouldn't ask for more money. I don't want that Pope to do anything weird to you....”
I put my hand on her head and smiled.
“Don't you worry,” I said. “I can handle him.”
I gave her more money from the bag.
“Besides,” I said, “as long as we keep this between me and you, nothing 'bad' will happen.”
We hugged, and I walked her out.
Jody.
Ah....Such a sweet kid. Reminded me of my daughter Jem. And it wasn't the first time I took a little money from that bag. Nah. I was taking some out every now and then and sending it off to Jem to help pay for her college. You have any idea how much a semester costs in this day and age? It's evil. She called me up one day, weeping, jobless, not knowing how to pay for her schooling. She needed help. And I had all that extra money. A little skimming wouldn't hurt. Who would ever know??? This so-called Pope that came by sometimes to pick up his money? It's not like he was psychic. He'd never find out. His boss would never find out. Not that I ever met the guy. I didn't even know his boss's name. All I know is that Mr. Pope here picks the money up and takes it to him via his Pope van. My crew came up with a funny thing – took to calling this Pope guy the “Gangster Pope”.
He was the one that recruited us all; taught us everything. He said that the procedure came from an ancient time, and that Attila the Hun and Hitler and Genghis Khan all used it to take over the hearts of their soldiers – made them all fall in love with him. This mysterious Pope was the one that put me in charge. Said that all we had to do was play along. Fly around and give people love. Everything would work out swimmingly for everyone. We'd all be rich.
I put the bag of money back in the safe.
I wish I could give you more, Jem.


When night came, we all gathered outside behind the church and watched as Jody landed the UFO down in front of us. The rest of my crew all wore their silver suits and were putting on their alien masks. I carried a glass box containing Carl's love ghost. It flew around, banging into the sides of the box, screaming, wanting freedom. We walked into the UFO, and Jody took us sky high.
We had something like twenty damn jobs to do....Twenty ghosts to pump into people. I got exhausted just thinking about the work. Carl wanted us to put his love ghost into an older woman named Tina Lety.
We hovered the UFO over her house and saw her watering her flowers. She looked up and screamed. Jody pressed a red button and a ray of light shot down and hit Tina, freezing her in her tracks. The UFO landed, and we got out and took her inside. I injected Carl's ghost into her heart. She was awake, of course. That was important. We wanted her to see us. She had to be looking at aliens. That was the trick. That was always the trick.
Later, we knocked her out and stood her back up on her lawn, running hose in her hand, watering those flowers.
One down; nineteen to go.
I was getting tired of doing it. Uninspiring. How many years had I been doing that job? Too many. At first it was exciting, but after years and years, you want out. Time for a change. Time for something else. Time to learn how to play darts. Something. Anything new. No one is made to do the same thing over and over again. It's mental. A form of insanity. I think it was after the Jerkins job when I finally got tired of it. That damn politician. We had to make a whole town fall in love with him. Took us months....
There was a point when the guy running against Jerkins – a Susy Granto – hired us to inject HER love ghost into everyone in that town. I thought it was a bad idea, but the Gangster Pope demanded we go through with it. Susy offered a million smackers for the service, and that Pope wanted every dime.
Long story short, it was a whole mess.
People died. Their hearts exploded. Tiny ghosts flew out of everyone – ghosts fighting ghosts in the sky. It was all-out war. That town – called St. Bergers, in Makaha – burnt down in the aftermath. Nothing remains there but piles of black stuff and cars on cinder blocks.
I had bad dreams. Usually, right after a job....Of the island of Oahu on fire. Of hands reaching out from black pits. Of kids crying and screaming. I saw myself in there with them.
I had to get out of there.
I had to get out.


PHIL

A real crazy person sauntered into my office. His name was Carl.
“Doctor, please, you have to help me!”
“What's wrong?”
“It's my brain,” he said. “It's hurting all the time.”
“Maybe you're thinking too hard.”
“No....It's the drugs.”
“That'll do it,” I said. “Stop taking drugs.”
“I can't,” he said, shaking. “I'm addicted! I'm addicted to baby brains!”
I squinted.
“Excuse me. I didn't hear you right. Did you just say 'baby brains'?”
He nodded, and then he reached back and pulled out a paper bag. It was wrapped with a shoelace. The bag dripped red stuff, and I had the funny feeling it was blood. 
“One moment,” I said. “Before you open that, I have to press this button.”
Which I did.
“Security.”
Carl reached out to me.
“No! No!” he begged. “It's not what you think. I just want to show you some brains.”
I got up and was gonna kick him out of my office, when...he leaned forward, and a butcher's knife fell out of his jacket. He picked it up and looked up at me like a confused child. I was paralyzed with fright. Hazel – my secretary – opened the door.
“Did you just say 'security'?”
I waved her away.
“Go away. I was just joking.”
I wondered if she could see the fear in my eyes. What I really meant to say was, “HELP ME! GET ME OUT OF HERE! 911! CALL FOR HELP! CALL THE COPS! JESUS GOD! THIS MAN IS INSANE!”
But Hazel just smiled and said, “Yes, doctor. Have fun.”
Carl was talking again, but his words just sounded like gibberish to me. I couldn't focus. I kept imagining that butcher's knife slamming into my face. I kept seeing Fran behind my eyes, at my funeral, hugging me, kissing me, weeping. I'd never kiss those lips again. And the lovemaking! All those fine, sexy nights – never again. This was it. Bye. I always knew it would end this way. I could see the headlines: “Psychologist Dies Via Crazed Patient. Anyone Else Not Surprised?” I was biting on my tongue and tasted blood. Sweat fell from my face and spotted my pants. God, hear me now! I thought. I demand a miracle. I deserve a miracle. I've been good. Protect me. HELP ME. Where are your angels? Damn you!
All the while, Carl just looked at me in a funny way.
“This drug in my hand...it controlled me,” he said. “It made me come here for some reason. I don't understand. It's mysterious.”
He licked the drug.
I reached out to him.
“Please, as your doctor, I beg you. Don't eat that brain.”
He made his eyes really big and said, “Too late!” and ate the thing like a mad beast. It was a messy sight. Carl stood there gripping his head, spinning around like a top, complaining about life. And then a weird thing happened....I saw myself in that spinning blur, and that other version was laughing at me and wore toy devil horns. Carl stopped spinning and stared – looking like a madman: Eyes veiny, mouth leaking, nostrils blowing up, hunched over like a football player ready to run.
“Yesss, this baby brain drug has made me into a true genius. Life is so clear now! I can read hearts.” He stared at me. “I can read your heart, Phil. Yesss....You messed up real good, didn't you?”
“What was that?” I felt Death crawling up my leg, whatever that meant. I had to get out of there. Jumping out the window seemed like a good idea. Carl sniffed.
“You...killed someone.”
“What? No. I didn't....” It sounded like I was begging. It was pathetic.
Carl sniffed again.
“Yes! I can smell something rotten. You killed someone. Killed her real good, too! Someone you once loved. You turned your back on her – killed her love. What?” He thought for a second. “Carmen, was it??? You bastard! You deserve to die, and you know it....”
I started backing up toward the window.
He followed.
“Well...don't worry, man. I'll help you out. Free of charge. You can thank me...IN HELL.”
He came at me, screaming with his knife slicing through the air, “Yaaaarrgghhh!”
I raised my arms over my face.
“Jesus! No! I'm innocent!”
The knife went into my arm and hit bone. (Strange – I didn't feel a damn thing.) I fell down with Carl on me. He tried to yank the blade out, and he did, and blood flew out like a hose and covered his face. I was impressed by the amount. Carl stood up.
“My eyes! I'm blind! Waaaaaaaaah!”
I jumped up and punched him in the head and took his knife and cut into his neck. I was working on pure Adrenaline – hacking away. I had my eyes shut tight. When I was done, I backed away and wiped the gore from my face. Carl...he got up and just...stood there. He sighed, and his head nodded backwards, and all his life came out of his neck like a fountain...arms shaking, palms opening and closing like he was being electrocuted. Now here's something interesting: A puff of smoke flew out and went into the ceiling. Not only that, but I think it was in the shape of an angry face. Was I drunk?
Gadzooks....
Carl began to stink. Blood kept shooting out of his neck and pooled at his feet. It was like something out of a Japanese cartoon.
I walked around the curious sight and examined him. His head dangled by a thread of skin – eyes looking left and right. I think he was dead....
I opened the door and poked my head out.
“Hazel.”
She looked over her desk.
“Yes?”
“You can come in now,” I said. “Bring a mop. And some cops. Something crazy just happened.”


Fifteen minutes later, my office was filled with cops, all asking me questions and whatnot. Carl was still standing there – blood still rocketing out from his neck. A cop pushed him over. He fell onto a gurney and was wheeled away. A doctor wearing a white coat with a silver, circle thing on his forehead shined a penlight in my eyes and took my pulse. No, I didn't call Fran. I didn't want to bother her. Didn't want to be irritating.
When I got home, reporters were all over the driveway like rats, shoving cameras and microphones in my face. I shoved my way through, and I think I might've accidentally elbowed someone in the head.
Fran was inside, waiting for me. She looked none too happy and was holding a newspaper in her hand.
“What the hell is this all about?” she demanded. “You killed someone?”
I kept staring at the newspaper.
“How did they put it out so soon???”
“They didn't,” she said. “I printed it all from the internet. All twenty pages. I'm horrified! Do you know what this means?”
“Well, I....”
“You're out of the job, idiot! You think people are gonna want to go to a shrink that killed his patient? No! It's foolish....You damn idiot! Did you really have to kill him?”
“Well, I....”
“Answer me!”
“He did have a knife.”
“That's no excuse,” she said. “If I had been in your shoes, I would've defended myself and knocked him out cold – not kill the guy like an idiot. Idiot, meaning YOU. Arrrrgghhh! This is so frustrating!”
Fran walked around the place, thinking, pacing, staring at her shoes.
“You messed me up,” she said.
I wanted to hold her, hug her, comfort her.
“Baby, I'm sorry. Forgive me. He had a knife.” I held in my weeping. Wanted to show her I was a real man – a strong man. I reached into my pockets and showed her all this jewelry I bought for her.
“Look what I bought for you, master. I spent everything to buy you these wonderfully expensive, shiny things. All for you! See how much I love you?”
She picked up a stereo and threw it at me.
“Away with you! You're too poor for me! Now I have to support both of us! This is insanity....This isn't living....I'm gonna have to work longer hours now. Shit! You devil! Scram! Beat it! I never wanna see you again!”
She started throwing plates at me. That's when I figured it was time to run the hell out of there. She needed time to cool off. She didn't really mean any of those distasteful things. Couples fight. This was normal. Just let her cool off a bit, I thought. Everything will be all right. Ahh, love! Such a funny thing....
I knew what I had to do. I had to buy her more jewelry.
That would make things right again.
That would do it.


FRAN

I threw those plates at Phil, hitting him in the back of the head multiple times. I slammed the door shut and melted to my ass, arms around my knees, weeping like a baby, rocking back and forth, banging the back of my head against the door sometimes for dramatic effect. At one point, I even sucked on my thumb. Life was over. I wanted to kill myself. I didn't wanna be a vet – never did. It just seemed like an easy job to make a few bucks. But now I had to work even harder. Maybe (gasp!) find another damn, boring-ass job.
Someone help meeeeee. Working my life away – poor – depressed – sick and tired of being sick and tired....That isn't living.
My drug wasn't selling well. People were complaining. People were ending up in the hospital, waking up in wheelchairs with tubes in their faces. No. I'd have to get real. Maybe even be a cashier. Maybe even go back to school. Maybe both. I couldn't stop crying. Wasn't I fixed? Didn't my drug fix me? Maybe I just needed more? I ran to the basement and opened a secret door and walked into my lab. All sorts of lights blinked red and blue and yellow. My personal robot rolled up.
“How may I assist you, master?”
I pushed it away.
“Leave me be,” I said. “I have problems.”
It saluted. “As you wish, my queen.”
I opened a freezer and took out a brain and defrosted it and ate it.
Nothing.
No what???
Only one answer....
The universe was against me – enjoyed seeing me miserable. The universe got off on it! I walked to the chalkboard and drew outer space and the stars and all the planets, and then I drew myself inside of Earth. I drew a giant foot stepping on Earth, on me. And then I went crazy – I made all these confusing lines and shapes and just went completely nuts. I kicked the chalkboard over and screamed and fell to my knees and wept. I had no control. I was being stepped on. I was being forced to live by someone else's rules. I felt like a slave....
My heart was talking to me.
Go to church, it said. Trust me. Happiness awaits you.
I needed to see Father Lolligal. I needed to talk to him. I needed peace. 
He could help me.
It was his job.
I walked back upstairs and picked up the jewelry Phil bought me. I put them on and modeled in front of a full size mirror.
“Such pretty things,” I said. “I look good.”
I took a shower and thought of Lolligal....


When I got to the church, I saw a peculiar car parked out front. It was painted gold. I asked a passing, crying nun whose it was, and she said it was Lolligal's. I didn't realize he was so well off. His service must've been going real good. Now here was a real man! A wealthy man of mind, spirit, and wallet....I wondered how much money he had, and if he was married. Hopefully, he didn't have any kids. I didn't want them stealing my dreams. Ha ha ha....
I walked in.
People were all praying for the same thing. “Please, God,” said a Samoan woman, “please give me a lot of money.” An old Chinese man prayed, “Please, God, make me rich. I'll be happy once I have a lot of money.” A young white man prayed, “Please, God, help me win the lottery.” He was on his bare knees – pants rolled up. Must've been holding that position for hours, because his knees were bleeding. In fact, all those people were kneeling. A nun walked around, soaking the blood up with a mop. Cats were all over the place. Many were wrestling around and fighting over scraps of meat. A nun ran after them, waving around a broom, trying to shoo them away. The odor of rancid flesh was in the air. It was acidic....I walked into the confessional and knocked on the wall.
A tired voice answered.
“WHAT? Who is it? Can't a priest get some sleep around here???”
“I'm sorry,” I said. “Maybe I should come back later.”
“Fran?” His voice perked up. “Wait. I'm sorry. I just had a bad day.”
“Maybe you should go home early and chill. Maybe talk to your wife about these problems?”
“I'm not married. Can't. Not after being ordained.”
Exactly what I wanted to hear.
“You can vent to me,” I said. “I'm all ears.”
He sighed.
“You don't know what it's like. People coming to you all the time, telling you gross things. Can't people keep their problems to themselves??? I'm sorry. That was nasty. I don't mean to be such a jerk. I'm just...exhausted.”
“Seems like people are taking advantage of you.”
“They are! But it's not like I can say 'beat it'. This is my job. I'm sacrificing myself to these people. Sacrificing my time, my sanity.” He paused. “You know...sometimes when people tell me certain disturbing things, I feel like I'm infected. I feel like a sponge. I'm afraid I'm turning into these people.”
“You need a break, Lolligal.”
He looked at me. “What is that wonderful scent? Smells like the beach.”
“That my perfume. I found it on the ground. Do you like it?”
“You smell very good today.”
I smiled.
“Thank you.” He was making moves on me. He was interested. Any fool could see that. In a way, I knew I already had him. My mind was painting away the plan: Dinner, polite comments, agreeing to his views, laughing at this jokes. Then came the occasional light touch – on the shoulder, on the leg. You know how it works. Hahaha (touch his leg). Yes, obvious stuff. But if my gut was right, it wouldn't matter to him. I could pull off all the cliched tricks in the book, and he'd still go along with it. This guy was lonely; I could smell it. He needed breasts to cry on. He needed love. I was gonna give it to him, including my body....
“You've listened to me describe my wretchedness, Fran,” he said. “Now tell me yours.”
“How about over dinner? Are priests allowed to go out on dates?”
“Yes!” he said, voice cracking. “Just two Catholics talking about normal things. We can go in a few minutes. Just let me run to the back and put on my civilian clothes.”
He zoomed out from the booth and vanished into a room. Cats followed him inside. I walked outside and lit a cigarette.
“I'm in love!” I said to the clouds.
Again?
“It's different this time.”
You always say that.
“I was confused before. Now, it's the real thing. I promise.”
I got the sense that someone was rolling their eyes at me.


We got into his golden car and drove into Waikiki. That car had everything. When I wanted a drink, robot hands came out and poured me a glass of expensive wine. When I said my neck was sore, robot hands gave me a massage. My phone rang. It was Phil.
“Damn,” I said. “It's my ex. He won't leave me alone.”
Lolligal smiled. “Not to worry,” he said, and pressed a button. A robot hand took away my phone and aimed it at a robot mouth sticking out from the dashboard. I could hear Phil begging.
“Please, baby. Please come home. I'm here waiting for you. I had to break in to use the bathroom. I'm sorry. Please don't be mad. When are you coming home? I made dinner. Bacon. Your favorite!”
The robot mouth spoke into the phone in a manly voice.
“Hello? This is the police. Do not call this phone every again. If you betray these words, you will go to jail. Goodbye.”
The robot hung up the phone and handed it back to me. I was impressed.
“Brilliant!” I said. “That'll teach him to be heartbroken. Now I can have a relaxing night out with my new friend.” I held his hand, and Lolligal smiled.
“Where do you wanna eat,” he asked.
“Raw Fish Heaven.”
“Excellent choice.”
When we walked into the restaurant, everyone looked in awe. I felt like royalty. We had a great dinner. He kept buying expensive foods and drinks for the whole place, and I laughed at all his lame jokes. That was key, understand? Laughing at their jokes. They love that. And of course, he looked dead in my eyes whenever I had an important issue to discuss.
“I suddenly got the urge to kill again,” I said. “And it was like my brain gave out a great sigh of relief. I felt empowered – in control. Great! Amazing! Wonderful! I was alive 100%. Time to get serious. Time to get busy. Time to make a difference in the world....Playing around with the idea, I wondered who I'd kill first. Phil!”
Lolligal looked up from his meal.
“Ahhh, I remember him.”
“Phil. That idiot. What a waste of my time. What a mistake. What an accident. Can you reverse the process?”
“No.”
“Well, how long until my love ghost in his heart dies?”
“Depends. Usually after three months, love ghosts tend to get bored. They loosen their stranglehold.”
“I tried to force him to hate me.”
“Did it work?”
“I'm not sure,” I said. “I hope so.”
“So do I,” he said.
Lolligal look concerned.
Whatever. I'm sure he didn't give a damn. You know guys. I'm sure he wanted to look at my breasts. I had to give him points for being so in control. This guy was smart. We were two players – two masters of the game. But one of us had to lose. Had to give in....
I didn't go home that night.
I slept over his place.


PHIL

I knew what I had to do. I had to marry Fran. This was all just a test. She was testing me! Testing to see if I really, really loved her. Bravo. Well played....You almost had me! I went to the bank and took out all my money and bought the biggest diamond ring I could get my trembling hands on. She'd see the ring and make love to me. I'd ask for her hand in marriage, and she'd be mine forever. I'd own her. Wasn't that the point of marriage??? She wouldn't be able to make love to anyone else. She'd be all mine! Hahahah!
When I got home, I found all my stuff thrown out on the lawn.
Fran was there, but she was dressed like a nun for some reason. She was tossing my psychology books into a fire. It was all very confusing. Was this her way of saying she loved me? By burning my stuff? Maybe this was another test??? I walked to her, got on my knees, and showed her the ring.
I opened my mouth – and she snatched the ring out from my hands and threw it into the fire.
“You stupid, devil!” she spat. “You think you can just waltz back into my life with a fancy ring?! How rude! How disrespectful!”
I wanted to say something important, but all I could manage was, “I...I...I....”
She began pushing me – jabbing me in the chest with her finger, inching me close to the fire.
“Get out of here,” she said. “I love someone new now. Don't you get it? My heart belongs to someone else.”
A police officer walked out from the shadows and put his hand on her shoulder. He meant business. Fran smiled.
“Oh, now you get it,” she said. “That's right. You better leave and not come back. I'm serious.”
She turned her nose up and spun around, crossing her arms. The cop smiled at me.
“All right, buddy,” he said. “Time for you to go.” He put his hands on my neck, and I lost my cool.
“Fran!” I begged. “What's happening?!” I made a run toward her. The cop kicked me in the back and dragged me across the ground, across the mud. Grass was in my mouth. “Fran! This game has gone too far! Help me!”
She threw handfuls of mud at my face.
“Leave me alone! Leave me alone, devil! I'm a nun now! I'm a daughter of God! I sing in a choir!”
The cop threw me in the middle of the street. A car almost hit me. The cop reached into my pocket, took out the car keys, and kicked me in the ribs. I wiped the mud from my eyes and saw Fran walk into the house. The cop stood outside, scanning the grounds like a robot.
I started to think that this wasn't a test at all.
It was really over.
She was gone.
Now what?


I slept in a ditch that night. Correction: Tried to sleep. Dammit. It was hard closing my eyes with all those cars going by and throwing ice cream cones and banana peels on my body. Not to mention I had a centipede crawling up my back.
My heart hurt. I was vomiting more than usual, and with each retch, I could feel my heart tearing apart. I was seeing things! My puke moved....Like snakes....They slithered around. I was filled with rage. I picked up those snakes and tore them all up. What was happening? Terrible dreams. Terrible dreams.
Wake up. Wake up!
I stood and walked around some more and ended up in a cemetery. I tripped and fell into an open grave. I tried climbing out, but mud is hard to hold onto. I kept falling back in. After a long time of struggling, I shrugged and just gave up and sat there in the mud...thinking...wallowing in deep, disturbing thoughts. I needed to go someplace safe. I had an idea.
In the morning, I went to church and saw Fran. The place was alive with music. The place was filled with so many people. They all had their hands in the air, merry folk all singing, all swaying left and right. Fran was in the choir. She saw me and went, “NOOOO!” and the band stopped dead – crashed to a halt. Someone dropped their trumpet. A sudden vibe of hate and pity shot through the air. Fran pointed at me and started crying. Everyone looked at me, scowling at me, gritting their teeth at me. Lolligal hugged Fran, kissed her on the cheek. He was crying.
“Be gone, devil!” he yelled at me.
That band started playing a scary song: The Little Drummer Boy. A hand fell around the back of my neck. It was the cop. He smiled and picked me up like a wrestler and threw me outside. I rolled down that hill and broke a finger. They didn't understand. I wasn't there for her.
I just wanted to go to church. I was just looking for love.
Real love. Like my hero Mary J. Blige.


LOLLIGAL

Fran walked into my office, dressed in her nun uniform, and she looked beautiful. I offered her a job as my secretary. She frowned.
“I don't think so. I have to put in more hours at my job. I have bills to pay. This is my life now. Kill me now.”
I held her hand.
“Work for me, and I'll double what you're making as a vegetarian.”
“Veterinarian.”
“Veterinarian,” I said. “Work for me. Be my secretary. We can be together all day! Make sweet, tender love all night....” I said that last part with a devilish grin.
She smiled, and it filled my heart with joy.
“Let's make love right now,” she demanded, pulling my hair back. “Let's do it right now, lover.”
She pulled my hair back again and kissed me and rubbed me, called me “lover” over and over, and I had no choice but to give in to her lustful ways. We tongued in a mad way, and we held each other and banged into the walls and into the cabinets and even fell on my desk. Much glass shattered. Papers flew all around us. We were making so much noise, but I just kept kissing Fran – kept my hands traveling all under her nun costume. I loved hearing those sexy moans in her throat.
“Be mine forever!” she demanded every ten seconds.
We rolled around on the floor.
I started thinking about my great escape.
No more Cutthroat Heroes. No more aliens. No more church. No more work. I wanted to run away with Fran. Somewhere peaceful. Maybe to Canada. I wanted to spend every second with her...making love to her. The Pope would never know. I'd just vanish. Poof! Gone....
As we made love, I couldn't help but notice a queer sight.
The walls were bleeding.
I blinked, and the vision vanished. I didn't tell Fran – not in that hot moment of passion. I never wanted it to end. I held back as long as I could, if you catch my meaning. Wasn't easy. Takes years of practice, of meditating with monks in isolation on a temple high up in the middle of nowhere. Sometimes, to master my mind, I had to stand naked in a freezing lake. The monks begged me not to do it, but I insisted. Other times, I made a monk, named Turtlebird, climb a tree and drop burning bricks on my cloth-less groin while I was fully erect. Ahh, to be young again.
I told my daughter all about Fran, how I was so in love with her, how I wanted to run off with her to Canada, or possibly Uganda.
She approved.
“Just send more tuition money,” she said.
I wanted to believe she was smiling.


CHAPTER THREE

NO MORE DEVIL BUSINESS

LOLLIGAL

At the end of the night, I took Fran over to my place and kissed her from head to toe, licked her clean. Take me literally. After our lovemaking, I told her I had to go back to the church, that I had something important to do. Once there, I went to my office, to the bathroom, and filled the tub with holy water. I jumped in, and the water bubbled violently. I started screaming – I was on fire, but I stayed in there.
I threw bibles into the tub with me, and it enraged the water further.
After an hour of that wildness, I got out and stood in front of a mirror. My body from the neck down was a solid black. I had slime all over me – coming OUT of me.
Good, I thought. Let it allll out. I am pure now. Praise be to Jesus! Finally PURE.
I went into my office and pressed a button on my desk. A bookcase slid to the side, revealing a statue of Satan. I picked up an ax and chopped off its extremities.
This was it.
No going back now.
Fran, I thought. I'm doing this for you.
And then I cut Satan's head off...and chopped it in half at the face. It exploded into locusts.
They flew all around me. I started to scream and bat them away.
“Leave me alone!” I begged. “Not real! I'm just imagining things! NOT REAL!”
I opened my eyes.
Except for a slight pain in my chest and arm, everything was relatively normal again. I chopped the statue's limbs to even smaller pieces – almost to dust.
I got a broom and swept up the mess...and took a shower.


CARMEN

The woods were laughing at me. I ran around and started hitting trees with rocks and sticks. “Shut up!” I pleaded. “Stop laughing at meee!!!” I saw frustrating things: Apple trees turning into baby brain trees – and I wanted to eat them, but whenever I put them in my mouth, they turned back into apples. I felt like I was on fire all the time. I ran around the forest and cursed the treetops. I swung on vines and swam in rivers and punched beehives and caught fish in my mouth. I was kicking trees until my legs bled, pulling out weeds until my hands bled, and chasing stray cats until my lungs imploded. I rode on the backs of stray dogs that complained all the time, and I got into a fistfight with Sasquatch. He vanished into a portal. Was he even real???
Excessive shaking; extreme sweating. My body was betraying me! Only one thing could set me right – Babiroin.
“I can't take it anymore!”
I made to run back into the city in hopes of finding a drug dealer, but my animal friends stopped me – stood right in front of me and created a wall of forest creatures.
“Don't go!” said the aardvark. “You can't go. You're naked. It is folly!”
I showed it a shaking fist.
“Out of my way, pig-like creature, or else!”
I ran into the animal-wall, but they jumped on me, holding me down for hours. I kicked and screamed the whole time, but it was no good. Fatigued, I went to sleep.
When I woke up, it was not only nighttime, but I was standing in a stream. Someone was watching me. I turned around and saw a woman – standing there at the other end of the stream...a silhouette against the giant moon.
Something important was about to happen.


PHIL

Carmen's house had burned down. Nothing was left but a black skeletal frame. It looked fragile...like I could walk over and touch it and the whole thing would fall over. The only other peaceful place I could go to, and it was gone. Where was Carmen? What happened here? Where was she?
I walked into the dead house. There was a picture of Carmen and I on the wall, all clean and glittering in the moonlight. I walked up to it and touched the window frame.
Carmen....I'm sorry, I thought. I made a terrible mistake. What was I thinking? I wasn't myself. I want you back. I'm sorry. I love you.
A sound behind me. I spun around. The man had stitches on his neck, and he smelt like cigarettes. I stepped back as he came close. He had his hands behind his back. One came out to shake my hand.
“You Phil?”
I kept my distance.
“Yeah.”
He smiled...groaned.
“I'm the butcher. Carl.”
“Carl,” I said. “Why does that name sound familiar? I feel like we've met before. Long ago.”
“Sorry,” he said. “Never met you before in my life.”
His stitches opened up and a white snake fell out from his throat. I pointed.
“A white snake just fell out from your throat.”
“Sorry,” he said. “I have a cold.”
“What do you want with me? Are you here to take me to Hell? Took you long enough. I was getting worried.”
“I'm here to tell you about Carmen.”
I ran up and took hold of his shoulders and shook him.
“DO YOU KNOW WHERE SHE WENT? DO YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO HER???”
He didn't even try to push me away. This Carl guy just shook his head and sighed.
“She just said she wanted to get away from it all. You broke her heart,” he said. “She ran off because of you.”
I let him go and walked outside. I was in a daze.
This isn't my fault, I kept thinking. I didn't know what I was doing. My emotions had the best of me. I wasn't myself. At the time, it all felt so natural. How was I to know? How???
I stared into the woods.
“This is all Fran's fault,” I said. “That woman...she turned me into some kind of monster. I don't know how she did it. Maybe it was sorcery. It had to have been something. No one falls out of love like that. It's all too evil.”
Carl stood behind me.
“You're absolutely right,” he said. “Fran did have you in a spell...if you wanna call it that.”
I turned around.
“What are you talking about? What spell?”
“She made you fall out of love with Carmen and IN love with her.”
“How?”
“It was Lolligal,” Carl said. “He made it all happen. Fran paid him to do it. His little operation – his little business – worked perfectly for her.”
I saw a picture in my mind, of that damn priest with a butcher's knife in his face. He had a dumb look on his face – kinda like he was sayin', “Wow! Can you believe it!?” The picture was very clear...and fulfilling. Carl seemed to have read my mind. He was smiling.
“Feels good, doesn't it?” His other hand, that was behind his back this whole time, came out, holding a butcher's knife. “Here,” he said. “Take this. It'll help.”
I took it.
“I'm gonna kill her! I'm gonna kill them both and eat them out!”
I ran around, waving the knife through the air as Carl laughed and laughed.
“YES!” he said. “THAT'S IT! THAT'S THE SPIRIT! LET YOUR ANGER CONSUME YOU!
His neck opened up wide and more of those snakes literally flew out and attacked me – bit me. I chopped them all up – chased after them. Carl clapped.
“DON'T FORGET TO SLAUGHTER LOLLIGAL! THAT FOOL DESERVES WHAT'S COMING TO HIM! HE CAN'T GET AWAY! NO ONE GETS AWAY! HA HA HA!”
After all that lunacy, I stood there, breathless, looking around at all those dead snakes – their bits wiggling and bouncing on the grass. Reminded me of grasshoppers.
Mr. Carl was gone.
Nothing in his place but, oddly enough, a little fire. It was like he just burned up...vanished into smoke.
I heard whispering all around me, buzzing all around me:
“....The church....The church....”


FRAN

We made love eight times in his office. I was getting sore.
“I want to travel the world,” I told him as he kissed the small of my back. “I want to see great things – eat great foods – hear great songs – smell great scents.”
“I'll give you anything you want,” he said. “Just promise you'll be mine forever.”
“Can you buy me a car?”
He walked to a giant picture of Jesus and moved it aside and revealed a huge door. He opened it, and I saw all this money inside, all just on the ground in a big pile. He reached in and got some bills.
“Buy whatever car you want,” he said, shoving the money into my hands. He put a hundred dollar bill in my mouth and French kissed me. I couldn't stop crying.
“I'm all yours!” I said.
My dreams were coming true. First stop.
Paris.
How long would this last? How long before I got bored of Lolligal? I had no idea. I was just going along with all of it. Yes, of course I'd lose interest in him after a year...or six months...or two months...or two weeks. So what? Who cares??? I was only human. And as such, we need new things all the time. It's all about experience. We hunger for it. It's not healthy to eat the same foods all the time, wear the same clothes all the time, have sex with the same person all the time. Like food, they end up tasting stale.
I'd ride Lolligal for as long as he tasted good....
Then I'd dump him....
Find another flavor....


CARMEN

I made a chair out of twigs and leaves and sat on it. Just as I thought, she rolled out from behind a tree. My Heart Self. She was dressed in a red wedding dress. A nurse pushed her around on a wheelchair. I was shocked.
“What happened to you?”
My Heart Self shook her head.
“I'm dying,” she said. “You're killing me.”
“What??? How am I killing you???” I stood up and reached out to her, but she screamed and flew her hands up to protect her face. The nurse stood between us and crossed her arms. She was a big woman, this nurse. Russian. Manly. She grunted a lot. I'd be a fool to challenge her, so I sat back down. My Heart Self cried, blowing bloody snot into a red handkerchief.
“The more you think about Phil, the more you kill me,” she said. “STOP IT.”
“I can't,” I said. “I'm possessed. I'm cursed! Fran did something weird to me. I can not stop thinking about Phil. I'm even thinking about him now. I miss kissing him.”
My Heart Self went, “Aaaaaaarrrrrggghhh!” and waved her hands around as if bees were attacking her head. “Aaaaagggghhhrrr! Stop! Stop thinking about him!”
“Yes, right!” I said. “I'm sorry!” I shut my eyes and made my mind silent.
My Heart Self exhaled. Blood now covered her face. Some ran down her arms, trickled down her forehead. “I get these terrible headaches,” she said, almost jokingly. The nurse gave her a few pills and a glass of water. My Heart Self patted her hand.
“Thank you, Nurse Loofa,” she said, swallowing the pills. My Heart Self gave me a stern look. “There's no curse on you,” she said. “You're just weak. You have to control yourself. Beer won't help. Baby Brains won't help. You have to master your thoughts. Kick him out of your mind.”
“I don't know if I can do that,” I said. “I miss him too much.” And then I looked out into those woods and saw them. I saw Phil and Fran naked...kissing against a tree. I stood up and pointed at them. “You fiends!”
My Heart Self screamed again.
Lightning ripped the clouds apart and a sword fell from the sky. The nurse stood in front of the wheelchair, and the sword struck her chest. My Heart Self screamed, and the nurse fell back into her arms. The nurse tried to talk, but blood kept flying out.
“My job is...done.” The nurse rolled her eyes back white, and she died. My Heart Self hugged her and cried all over the dead body, rocking it back and forth. I looked around. Fran and Phil vanished!
“I saw them,” I said. “I swear it....”
My Heart Self wasn't listening to me. She was saying something sweet into her dying nurse's ear. I wanted to help – wanted to do something and not just sit there. My Heart Self looked up.
“You evil bitch,” she whispered. “You weak, evil, pathetic bitch....There's no one there. You're seeing things. You are so gone. There's no going back for you; I see that now. I knew I should've went into another body. I always had this gut feeling that you were trouble.”
I wanted to say again that I really did see Fran and Phil, that I wasn't crazy, that I believed my own eyes. They looked so real. And then I heard Fran and Phil moaning....I turned around, and saw them making love in a bed of flowers. They laughed at me. I picked up a spear and threw it at them. 
“I'll kill you!” I yelled. “I'll kill youuu!!!”
But they were gone again. Ran off somewhere. I started spinning around and around. “You cowards! Show yourself!” When I stopped, I fell on my knees and punched the dirt. I looked up. My Heart Self and that nurse where gone. Only that wheelchair remained. A heart sat on it in a pool of blood...centipedes crawling in and out of that beating muscle. I walked around and turned as many sticks as I could into spears. I said bye to my forest friends – the deer, the mongooses, owls, wallabies, goats, cats, dogs, rats, geckos, spiders, etc. It never occurred to me to make a grass dress, or even grass undergarments. No need for clothing. I was an animal. I was one of nature's pure beings. 100% animal. No more reasoning. I was running on pure emotion. Pure revenge. Besides, I liked how it felt when wet leaves brushed against my breasts and other sensitive areas. Ah! The simple pleasures....
I started running.
Deep in the forest, I could smell their sex. I looked through a bush. Phil and Fran were bumping into each other in a stream. Agitated fish jumped in and out of the water. I ran up to Phil and Fran and threw spears at them. They just laughed and ran away. Even after I flew a spear straight through Fran's shoulder, she giggled, “Tee-hee! Can't catch me! Can't catch me! Hahaha!”
I ran after them.
Lost.
It felt like I was on the move for hours. My feet hurt. I was stepping on thorns, but I didn't let that slow me down. Nope; that would've made sense. I was stupid with anger. I started mumbling, “Why, God, why??? Please help me. What do I do now? How do I find them?”
I got my miracle.
I heard a strange buzzing sound and turned around. One of the stars in the sky got real bright. It moved around a bit, and then it flew over the trees. I followed it all through the woods.
The UFO hovered over a clearing...and landed next to a car. Aliens, carrying an old man, walked out and put him into a car.
“Carmen!”
I turned around and looked up.
Fran and Phil were making love in a tree. I climbed up real quick and beat them with my spear – whipped them as they laughed, leaving red bruises all over them. Fran jumped onto Phil's back. He cut a vine and they swung away into the dark...trailing giggles.


FRAN

I believed that God was looking out for me. Look at the proof. He gave me a rich man. Would I gain free access to Heaven, too? The things I had done, I never thought God would approve. And yet, I saw no evidence that he was angry with me anymore. Forgiveness! I was doing something right. I wasn't sure what, but a part of me feared messing up. How long would all this good fortune last?
I could hear the other nuns outside the office, their ears glued to the door.
“I sometimes hear them making love,” one whispered. “So sinful; so bad.”
They were all jealous.
I signed the rest of the papers I was working on, filed them, and made a cup of coffee. Lolligal would be back in a little bit. I had a plan: I'd make love to him and moan as loud as I could – really embarrass those nuns, make them wish they were me...make them envy me, fill my ego. Sad thing was, Lolligal's sex was already getting dim. I had to spice things up a bit. I figured it would be a fine idea to invite a nun to come play with us. Didn't matter if Lolligal agreed or not. He did what I wanted. I was in charge, and I wanted a new player. So that's what I did. I went outside and walked around the church, looking for a nun that seemed “easy”. And I found her sitting on a bench, under a mango tree, eating the messy fruit like a slob.
As I walked toward her – my mind filling with crude images of very bad things – a strong wind blew through my nun outfit.
I stopped.
I couldn't move.
Something in me resisted.
A terrible fear filled me up. I backed away from that girl. She didn't even notice me, and that was the idea. Whatever took hold of me didn't want me messing with the girl – didn't want my aura near her, corrupting her chastity, sullying her innocence, tainting her purity. I felt guilt then. Terrible guilt. I cried in my hands and ran off into the church. Three nuns hugged me, asking if I was alright, telling me to relax, to stop weeping because I was disturbing people, trying to get me to drink red wine and eat tiny circles of bread they claimed was made from the flesh of Jesus. Someone screamed. I turned around and saw Phil standing in the doorway, holding the head of a dead man in one hand, a butcher's knife in the other. He threw the head at me; I caught it for some reason and yelped and gave it to the nuns. The screamed and ran off with it, throwing the head back and forth like a football.
Phil kicked the man's body away. Everyone in the church scattered like cockroaches. I stepped back.
“Stay away from me!” I wanted to run, but I kept thinking if I turned around, he'd throw that knife at my back. Better I have him in my sights. Keep him where I can see him. Keep my eyes open for some kind of opening.
Phil's eyes look wild. Blood was all up in them.
“You damn snake,” he said. “Damn snakes!” He started slapping at his body. “Get them off me! Damn snakes! Uuuuuuh!”
He ran at me, waving his knife around. I bolted. The knife sliced through my shoulder. I fell to the ground with Phil all over me, his spit dripping all over my mouth.
A door exploded, and a nun walked out with a bazooka.
“Be gone from this holy place!” she demanded, and fired another shot.
Phil and I rolled out of the way. The seats behind us blew up. It was raining splinters. The nun walked through the smoke, searching. Phil jumped up behind her and hacked her head off in five tries. I was already out the door. He kept screaming, “DAMN SNAKES!!! UUUUUH!”
The parking lot was a crazy mess. Everyone was screaming and trying to drive away, crashing into each other. Little fires were everywhere. Babies were yelling. I jumped into my car. A truck hit me, honking over and over.
“Get out of my way!” the driver begged. “Please! I don't want to die!”
Phil jumped on the hood of my car and cut through the windshield, shattering it. I reversed, throwing him off. I hit another car, and that Japanese woman at the wheel started shrieking at me. She ran out of her car and opened my door and dragged me out by my hair and started kicking me. I couldn't do anything but turn into a ball to protect my face. Phil cut her head off, and she spun around as gore shot out from her neck, panicky people bumping into her, shoving her around like one of those balls on a Foosball table.
I got up and ran the hell out of there.
Phil was at my feet.
“You better run, you blasted snake!” he screamed. “I'll kill you!”
I had finally done it. See? I was right. I knew it wouldn't last forever.
Phil was shrieking.
“Snakes! Snakes! Damn snakes! You giant snake!”
I made for the woods.
Maybe I could lose him there.
Chased after by a madman, my life was messed up real good. No one to blame but myself. I felt it all at once: It was almost over. It was almost the end.


LOLLIGAL

That was going to be my last job.
The UFO landed. We walked out and took off our alien masks. Before I'd run away with Fran, I wanted to give my fellow coworkers some money. Brighten their day. Help them out. My way of saying bye. I got us all in a circle and showed them a big bag of money – all that we made that week. I gave Tony some bills, and he rejected them.
“I can't!” he said. “What if they find out? They'll crucify me!”
“They'll never know,” I said. “It's impossible. See, I'm the one keeping the books. Trust me.” I shoved the money into his hands. “You need this, Tony. For your daughter...for her medical bills. Please, take this money as my thanks for all the hard work you've done for me.”
He smiled, and took the money.
I gave Jess money to help with her gambling problems. I gave Sara money to help with her breast surgery. I gave Zowi money to help her build that surfing school for Japanese tourists she was always going on about. Everyone cried in happiness, hugging their money, smelling their money. We made a bonfire and danced around it, laughing and telling jokes. It was a grand time. In the end, I shook their hands.
“Time for me to go,” I said. “Wish me well, folks. Time to run away with my lady and live life to the fullest!”
They all cheered.
“Hip hip, hurray!” And they picked me up and tossed me around while I giggled.
Headlights blinded us. The van arrived. A sense of fear – uncertainty – hit all of us. The Gangster Pope was here to collect.
The door slid open, and those beefy goons dressed as priests stepped out. They wore shades even though it was nighttime, and stood around, looking here and there. One of them reached into the van, took the Gangster Pope by the hand, and helped him out. A breeze kicked up, and the Gangster Pope shot his hand up and held down his tall, white hat.
“Have you got His Majesty’s money?” he smiled.
“I do,” I said.
“Good! The Master shall be pleased. Have you ever met your boss?”
“You never introduced.”
He mumbled something sly to his buffoons; they all laughed. I frowned. I wanted out of there. Come on, old man. Hurry on with it. Take your money and get!
The Pope looked at me – tilted his head, gave a weird, creepy expression, like he was looking at a cute kitten.
“He's told me many things about you,” he said. “Been talking a lot about you.”
“Me??? Why?”
“He takes interest in his employees every now and then. He wanted me to tell you that he thinks you're special. Great things are in your future.”
“Like what? A promotion?”
The Pope smiled.
“You could say that.”
“Tell him I say thanks, but I'm not interested. I'm done. I quit.”
The Pope shook his head.
“You make me sad.”
I handed him the money bag. He opened it and stuck his head inside, sniffing. He jumped back, as if something stink attacked him. His goons ran up. “Boss! Boss!” they said. “What's wrong?”
The Gangster Pope looked in the bag.
“Hmmm....” he went, raising an eyebrow.
I started to worry.
“I trust you'll find it's all there,” I said. “Now, if you'll excuse us, we should be heading off to our families and lovers.”
“Of course!” The Pope nodded and stepped to the side. “By all means.”
My coworkers and I huddled together and walked past the Pope and his bodyguard priests.
“Oh! And one last thing,” the Gangster Pope said. “Quitters never win.”
I don't know what got into me, but I blurted out, “RUN!” and everyone screamed and took off. The priests pulled out their guns and started shooting at us, sending people twisting to the grass. It all happened in slow motion. Tony got shot in the skull and his head blew up. I didn't even know that was possible. A bullet tore through my leg like a tiny sun and sent me flying through the air and hitting the ground in a wrong way, cracking my spine. I tried crawling away, but bodies kept falling in front of me.
Some of my coworkers made it back into the UFO and started it up, hovering above me, making everything all windy. The Pope laughed out loud and said, “Rocket launcher!” Except he said it like, “Rowket lawn-cha!”
A nun in white walked out of the van, carrying a rocket launcher. She had a cigar in her mouth. She grunted, put the launcher on her shoulder, and fired a rocket. I think I screeched, “Noooooo!” but I don't remember. The UFO exploded into a fireball and crashed into the woods. Deer and owls and rabbits rushed out, screaming, bewildered. It was raining money. The Pope and his goons walked around, picking it all up, even searching my dead friends, taking whatever was in their wallets and purses.
His goons got out axes and chopped up the bodies and threw the parts in coolers. The Gangster Pope ordered them to hurry up before the cops arrived. I was close enough to see the thugs write on the coolers, “To: Hell....From: Devil Pope”. They fired flaming arrows and burned down the church as that Gangster Pope laughed and clapped his hands and cheered. He stood over me and pulled out a gun that looked like a prop from some old western movie.
“No one steals from Satan and gets away with it.”
I didn't understand it.
“How did you find out???”
“We have our ways.”
A gust of wind blew his white hat away...revealing a set of horns. They were curled. I shut my eyes.
“I didn't see that!”
The Pope grinned and cocked his gun.
“Oh, I know.”
BAM!
….and then I died....


And it was painful at first, what with being shot in the head and all...but then it got real quiet. I was falling. Peaceful. Then darkness. I heard screaming. I smelt various meats. Fires. Cooking. I saw bodies in giant pots – arms waved around – more screaming sounds, shrieking. After a little while, I thought, This must be Hell. Why am I not surprised?
I landed, gently, on blood, in front of a demon sitting at a desk. It was covered with piles of papers...and blood. Coolers were all over the place. The secretary looked up at me, angered.
“You're late!”
I shrugged.
“I'm sorry.”
The secretary threw me a rag.
“You have a hole in your head. Clean yourself up. You can't see the boss looking like that. You must show respect!”
I said, “Sorry,” again and cleaned myself up. I stuck my finger into that bullet hole in my forehead and pulled out a bit of brain. I found it all very fascinating. The secretary took my hand and walked me toward a giant, stone gate. A sign on it read, “BOSS”. Blood dripped from the letters.
“I can't believe it,” I said. “It's real. It's all real.”
The secretary frowned at me.
“Are you stupid or sumtin'? 'Course it's all real. Don't you read??? Idjiot. Next you'll be telling me Heaven isn't real.”
“It is???”
The secretary sighed.
“Not that it matters to you now – but yes,” the demon said. She knocked on the giant gate, put her hands to her mouth, and yelled out, “Boss! Lolligal is here to see you!”
Demons stood over the gate and played trumpets as the doors opened. The secretary leaned close to me and said, “Here's a tip: Just be honest with him. He hates liars.”
A bright light swallowed me up. I put my hands above my eyes.
It's all real, I thought. Heaven. God. Satan. All real.
I thought of my life...and sighed.
Now here it all comes.
The big swallow.


PHIL

What was happening? Did I realize I was yelling about snakes? That I was killing people? I chased after Fran – all through those woods – screaming at her, threatening her, pleading with her. “Just stop running! Why drag this out any longer? I'm gonna catch you soon enough! Save us both time and just give up!”
I stopped to catch my breath, hands on my knees. That was it. I lost. She was gone. Now what? Go back? No...I had to find her. I had to keep looking. I needed peace. She had to die.
“Where are you!” I yelled. “God, help me! Help me kill this demonnnnn!”
Something exploded above me, lighting up the sky. I saw Fran – standing there – right next to me, against a tree. She was covered in mud, the whites of her eyes staring out at me.
The UFO crashed through the treetops, right toward us.
We ran here and there, ducking the falling pieces of metal and fireballs. The UFO hit the ground, shaking the planet, sending me flying off my feet. I kept thinking, Fran, Fran, Fran, Fran. Getting away!
I almost stumbled into a burning bush. Screams for help. Two people on fire ran out of the UFO, crashed right into the trees, setting them ablaze. A rock hit me in the face. Fran jumped down from a tree and bit me, ripping off a chunk of my neck. I tripped over some animal and landed on my face, right in mud. Fran stood in front of me, holding my butcher's knife above her head. Trees fell all around her. She yelled through the raging fire.
“You filthy bastard! Why didn't you just let me be??? Look what you've done. Look what you've turned me into! Is this your idea of love???”
I spat in her face. She kicked me in the chest.
“Useless!” she said, crying. “Look at you....Pathetic! You have no money, no future – no car. You're useless to me!”
She walked toward me as she spoke, still holding that blade in the air with both hands. It was getting so noisy with flames, she was literally screaming her words.
“YOU'RE USELESS TO ME!”
I crawled back.
A sharp whizzzzzz sound shot through the air.
Something blasted through Fran's chest. She dropped the knife and looked down at the situation.
It was a spear.
She gripped it...and turned around.
Someone naked ran out of the woods.
Carmen.
She picked up the knife and grinned. She said, “Finally!” and cut Fran's head off in one go. She picked it up and tossed it into the burning UFO.
I stood up, weeping. “I can't believe it,” I said, shaking my head. “It's you. It's really you. You're alive!”
I walked over to hug her. Last I remember, she was looking at me all weird.
I wanted to kiss her. Tell her how sorry I was for all of the confusion – explain that Fran put a curse on me. It was all her fault. She was dead. The wicked witch was dead. Now we could live happily ever after. I saw us together – married, tons of children. We'd grow old together. Die together, in love.
“Baby!” I said, “I missed you!”
I ran to her.


CARMEN

The sky blew up. Can you believe it? Another sign! I ran after that fireball....God was helping me find Fran and Phil – leading the way. I was blessed! I found them outside that burning UFO. They were hugging and kissing and rubbing and pinching each other. I ran up to them. Phil saw me and jumped back – LAUGHING at me – laughing and pointing. Before Fran could figure out what he was going on about, I threw my spear through her back.
She turned around...giggling.
The sky flashed with lightning and a bolt struck the ground, leaving behind a huge butcher's knife. I picked it up.
“Finally!”
I cut Fran's head off, but it still laughed!
I threw it into the fire, into the UFO wreckage.
Phil was standing there, crying, hands over his mouth. He shook his fists at me, punched the air, gave a real fit, reminded me of a spoiled baby. “You killed my lover!” He ran toward me, screaming, “I'm gonna kill you!”
I yanked the spear out of Fran's body and ran it into Phil and lifted him off his feet and threw him into the fire – spear included (I didn't need it anymore). He danced around in there, cooking, giggling...kissing Fran's head. Then he just stood there, stiff and dead. I fell to my knees.
“It's all over,” I said. “I am at peace.”


I walked into town, looking for some clothes.
Some ruffians tried to give me static, but I shoved some spears in them. That seemed to shut them up real good. I found some clothing store called Horse's. I threw a rock at the window and climbed in and took this nice, red dress.
Cops showed up and wrestled me to the ground and threw me in jail. They asked me so many questions, I got a nose bleed. I kept responding to them, but they didn't like what they were hearing – said I was acting retarded, that I was crazy, talking gibberish.
Next thing I knew, I was in the nut house. Each morning, they'd put me in a bathtub of cold water and give me shock therapy. My doctor would always drag me into his office and ask what my name was and where I was from; and then he'd show me a few inkblots and demand I tell him what I saw. I was always honest, just like how I was with those cops, but everything I said just angered him. He always shook his head and said into a phone, “All gibberish. Someone call an exorcist.”
He said I wasn't making any sense.
So it was off to the tub with me.
On and on this went: Shock treatment, same questions, inkblots, confusion, sadness, repeat....
One day, they shocked me and all the lights in the place blew out. I yelled at one of the doctors that there was an angry, murderous clown waiting to kill him at his house, but this doctor just slapped me, not believing me, told me to shut up. An hour later, he was on the news, stabbed to death in his home by a disgruntled clown.
I didn't get anymore shock treatments after that whole thing.
Nah.
After that, they just kept me in my room. Stuck tubes up my nose and drove wires through my scalp.
Strrrrange world.
I remember being in bed and hearing music. My nurse was playing guitar. I asked what song she was playing.
“Ah!” she said. “Fernando Sor. 'Study in B minor, Opus 35, No. 22'. Do you like it?”
 “It's beautiful,” I said. “When I get out of here...I'm going to learn it.”


Months later, my doctor comes into my padded cell and starts kissing me and touching me. I let him. I missed being liked that way. Made me feel all fuzzy inside. It was nice. Some days, he even made me dinner. He'd sneak me out and take me to his place and make love to me. He'd promise me nice things – how he was going to steal me away one day and make things all better.
“We can live in New York,” he'd always say. “Would you like that?”
He said I was talented, and that I could make us a lot of money. We'd live like royalty!
But no, I wouldn't be in that mental place for long. A miracle happened. Yes, another one. I told you, I was being looked after. God got me out of there. He sent down one of his finest! That Pope waved around a document and ordered my freedom, pushed around a few doctors, made things happen.
I have a job now.
That Pope needed me. He said I was taking over someone's position, you understand....Said the other woman died of old age. Said she was 120! Worked for him for over fifty years. Amazing....
I can see things from faraway. My doctor calls it remote viewing. If the Pope needs to know something about someone, he gives me something to draw on, and I show him where said person is, and what they're doing. It's good being useful. I feel loved.
My doctor is with me, too. He watches over me. Makes sure I get my medication. He bought me a classical guitar, and I've been playing it ever since. It relaxes me. Makes me sane. I have to remember to thank that nurse for telling me about that song. It's all I ever play. It's my medicine. Sometimes the Pope parks the van out by a stream and I sit and play for everyone. They all enjoy it. They all smile and clap. It's wonderful....And I don't need anything else. Just that song. I don't need anyone else. Just that song. I am in love with it.
“Fernando Sor. 'Study in B minor, Opus 35, No. 22'.”

The End

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.


Raymund Hensley is the author of Filipino Vampire, Get Kilt: A Zombie Pill, and Weredolphin. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/

https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley

https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/

https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs


ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

