The  Cycle  of  Life
Part  2
The  Sali  Vorden  Affair
By  Hannah  Jade  Robinson
Copyright  2014  by  H  J  Robinson
Smashwords  edition
All  characters  in  this  publication  are  fictitious
and  any  resemblance  to  real  persons,
living  or  dead  is  purely  coincidental.
Published  by  Hannah  J.  Robinson  at  Smashwords
This  ebook  is  licensed  for  your  personal  enjoyment  only
This  ebook  may  not  be  re-sold  or  given  away  to  other  people
If  you  would  like  to  share  this  book  with  another  person,
please  purchase  an  additional  copy  for  each  recipient
If  you  are  reading  this  book  and  did  not  purchase  it,
or  it  was  not  purchased  for  your  use  only,  then  please
return  to  Smashwords.com  and  purchase  your  own  copy
Thankyou  for  respecting  the  hard  work  of  this  author
Chapter  1
Death  in  the  Dark

The  fierce  heat  of  summer  was  fading  at  last,  and  life  was  getting  back  to  normal  in  Spangerland  after  the  traumatic  and  bloody  turmoil  of  the  last  year  and  a  half.  The  nameless  god  in  Central  had  turned  out  to  be  an  alien,  and  had  been  killed  by  Denny  Sazgood  aka  the  Dark  Angel,  with  the  vampire  sword  at  Ashers  farm,  but  it  lived  on  in  Denny’s  care,  in  the  apparently  vacant  mind  and  body  of  Betty  Tighe.
Hood,  who  had  been  revered  by  the  Homesteaders,  had  finally  returned  to  Earth  as  foretold  but  was  in  fact  an  asteroid  mining  spaceship  from  the  23rd  century,  and  not  the  benevolent  deity  they  had  been  expecting.  All  Spangerland  now  worshipped  the  Lady  of  the  Night,  except  for  the  remnants  of  Hood’s  crew,  survivors  of  the  alien  war,  who  still  clung  to  their  outdated  Christian  beliefs.
While  it  was  true  that  Hood  was  now  a  sentient  being,  she  acted  very  strangely  at  the  best  of  times  and  was  even  now  somewhere  below  the  surface  of  the  Mediterranean,  looking  for  a  derelict  alien  space  craft,  which  was  thought  to  be  a  time  machine.  It  was  very  confusing  for  the  village  girls  to  comprehend  what  was  happening,  but  Hood  was  still  orbiting  the  moon  inside  a  collection  of  alien  and  earthly  junk,  left  over  from  the  unsuccessful  alien  invasion,  and  also  under  the  ocean  in  a  different  form.  What  that  form  was,  no  one  knew,  as  Hood  had  finished  rebuilding  itself  on  Valencia’s  airport  runway  while  the  battle  of  Asher’s  farm  was  being  fought,  and  there  were  no  witnesses  to  it’s  departure.  The  seven  surviving  companions  who  had  been  in  Hood’s  crew  2000  years  ago  had  surmised  that  it  was  probably  a  sort  of   submarine  now.  For  the  six  male  miners  (who  were  now  the  only  men  in  the  known  world)  and  their  two  female  commanders,  those  2000  years  had  been  shrunk  to  just  two  by  Denny  and  Caren’s  time  machine,  called  the  Never  Look  Back,  but  time  travel  was  now  impossible,  because  Never  had  been  destroyed  on  ‘the  day  of  judgement’  by  Hood’s  crazy  sister  ship,  Hind.  Hood’s  programmer,  Gudrun,  and  three  villagers  had  also  met  their  end  because  of  Hind’s  last  missile,  which  was  a  bit  of  a  glitch  in  the  time-space  theories  which  would  be  (had  been)  expounded  by  Caren’s  father,  because  Gudrun  was  the  mystery  hacker  who  had  hijacked  Never  in  the  first  place.  But  she  was  now  dead,  and  the  hijacking  hadn’t  occurred  yet.  It  was  a  very  confusing  place  and  time,  here  in  the  cycle  of  life.  What  had  already  happened  had  not  really  taken  place  yet,  and  what  was  going  to  be,  had  already  been  and  gone.  I  think?  It  probably  depended  on  where  you  were  standing  when  you  looked  at  it.

Relatively speaking
“No  Ma,  can’t  really  remember  my  gran,”  Sali  said  quietly.  Being  all  of  sixteen  now,  she  thought  that  she  had  a  right  to  determine  her  own  future  and  didn’t  want  to  be  here,  being  lectured  by  Homestead’s  crotchety  old  guru,  even  if  there  were  honey  cakes  and  a  jug  of  strangely  coloured   milk  laid  out  on  the  tartan  blanket  they  were  sitting  on.
Homestead’s  guru,  Constance  Nesbitt  turned  her  head  slowly,  taking  in  the  sights,  sounds  and  smells  of  the  afternoon.  She  had  brought  Sali  on  a  private  picnic  to  explain,  as  best  she  could,  the  changes  that  Sali  was  going  through.
“It  all  started  at  Ashers  farm,”  Connie  began.  “After  the  battle,  them  stupid  dogs  had  their  hands  on  you,  carrying  you  round  like  some  trophy  they’d  won  at  the  Spring  fair,  and  there’s  you  not  yet  old  enough  to  mix  with  them.”  She  paused  and  took  a  sip  of  the  fruity  milk  mixture  that  Simon  had  made  for  them  in  the  Vine’s  kitchen.  She  licked  her  lips  in  appreciation.
“Lovely.  Don’t  know  why  we  didn’t  think  of  this  before  Simon  came  here.”  She  paused,  “have  another  cake  deary.  Growing  girls  got  to  eat  proper.  Anyway,  I  reckon  the  dogs  passed  the…”  she  paused  again  as  she  used  the  foreign  word  that  Margaret  had  taught  her,  “…virus  on  to  you  before  your  time.  Reckon  that’s  why  your  head’s  not  right.”
“But  It’s  not  my  fault  Ma,  and  it’s  not  fair.  I  don’t  want  to  leave  home.”
“Hush  child.  It  won’t  be  forever,  and  when  you  can  properly  control  this  gift  of  casting  that  you’ve  been  given,  then  me  and  the  others  will  be  able  to  see  again,  and  you  can  come  back  here  and  be  as  welcome  as  ever.”  These  were  Connie’s  words,  but  she  was  thinking,  ‘probably  never  see  you  again.’  and,  ‘you’ll  be  somebody  else’s  problem  now.’
“But  I  don’t  want  to  be  a  caster.”  She  spat  out  the  despised  word.  “I  want  to  be  normal.”  She  nearly  added,  ‘like  Tanya,’  but  remembered  in  time  that  Tanya  Vine  wasn’t  really  a  normal  girl  either.
“Tanya  Vine’s  going  back  to  Ibis,  after  you  and  her  have  done  a  little  job  for  me,  and  you’ll  be  going  to  live  with  her.  You’ll  be  alright  over  there.  There’s  no  gurus  West  of  Guardian’s  Nest.”
Sali’s  lips  pouted  as  she  thought  of  moving.  Ibis  was  at  least  three  days  walk  away.  Practically  the  other  end  of  the  world.  “Still  not  fair.  Never  see  my  mum  again.”
Connie  sighed.  She  was  going  to  have  to  do  it  the  hard  way.  “See  the  river  there?  Pretty  sight  isn’t  it?  Water  tumbling  over  the  rocks,  fish  splashing  in  the  pools,  birds  singing  in  the  trees.  Us  sitting  on  the  grass  with  the  sun  warming  our  backs.”
Sali  looked  up  in  surprise  at  the  unexpected  change  in  the  conversation.  For  a  moment,  the  only  sounds  were  as  Connie  had  described.  Then  the  old  guru  (seer,  witch,  call  her  what  you  will)  spoke  again,  and  her  voice  took  on  a  different  tone.  “Ever  wondered  why  none  of  the  old  folk  come  here,  when  it’s  so  beautiful?”
Sali  shook  her  head.
“Wasn’t  like  this  forty  years  ago.  Last  time  I  was  here  it  was  night  time.  Only  the  moonlight  and  torches  to  see  by.  Your  gran  and  her  sister  were  here  too,  and  your  mum,  who  was  only  a  baby  at  the  time.”  She  stared  across  the  river,  a  far  away  look  in  her  eyes.  “Thirteen  of  my  friends  were  here  as  well.”  There  was  a  long  pause.  “Only  fourteen  of  us  got  back  to  Homestead,”  she  added  softly.
A  stray  cloud  drifted  across  the  face  of  the  sun,  and  the  breeze  seemed  to  be  a  little  cooler.  Sali  shivered.
“Look  at  me  Sali.”
“Don’t  want  to.”
“Look  at  me.”
“NO.”  Sali  used  the voice  of  command  she  had  found  and  used  on  Jade  the  archer.
“Think  that’ll  work  with  me,  do  you  missy?”  She  reached  down  into  her  soul  and  reluctantly  called  on  the  power  she  had  kept  hidden  and  refused  to  use  since  that  dark  night.  “LOOK  AT  ME  SALI  VORDEN”
Sali  was  forced  to  look  up  and  her  eyes  were  fixed  onto  Connie’s,  and  in  her  mind  she  was  dragged,  kicking  and  screaming  back  forty  years,  to  when  Homestead’s  last  caster  had  gone  bad  on  them.

Suddenly  it  was  dark,  and  people  in  the  distance  were  shouting.  From  sunshine  to  darkness,  from  tranquillity  to  chaos.  Sali  listened,  but  couldn’t  make  out  the  words,  could  make  no  sense  of  what  was  happening.  Just  over  the  boundary  fence,  she  could  see  the  flickering  glow  of  a  large  fire  lighting  up  the  cottages.  She  was  outside  the  village  then?
“Ma  Nesbitt?”  She  whispered.  There  was  no  immediate  answer,  but  someone  grabbed  her  by  the  shoulder.  She  gave  a  yelp  and  turned  round  quickly,  shrugging  off  the  hand.
“Steady  Connie,”  somebody  whispered,  “it’s  only  me.”
Sali  gaped  at  the  speaker.  Although  it  was  dark  the  flickering  light  showed  her  a  very  familiar  face.  “What?”
“Time  to  go.  You’ve  got  to  come  with  us.  You  promised  to  be  with  us.”
“Yeh,”  Sali  gasped,  wondering  what  she  was  getting  into.  “I’m  coming.”
The  girl  spoke  louder,  “where  is  she  now?”
Another  answered  her.  “Val  said  she  was  heading  North,  said  she’d  try  to  stay  with  her.”
“Good.  Round  up  the  others  Ginny,  and  me  and  Connie  will  catch  up  with  Val.  OK?”
“No  problemo,  Quincy,”  and  with  that  the  girl  slid  away,  a  dark  shadow  in  the  dark  night.
Sali’s  mind  was  reeling  and  she  rubbed  her  forehead.  “So  you’re  Quincy…?”  she  couldn’t  grasp  the  enormity  of  what  she  was  seeing  and  hearing.
“Don’t  go  stupid  on  us  Constance  Nesbitt,  we  need  clear  heads  tonight.  She  killed  your  mum,  sure  as  eggs  is  eggs,  so  keep  her  out.  Fight  her.”
“And  that  girl,  she  was  Ginny…  Brand?”
The  girl  called  Quincy  moved  quickly,  and  grabbing  Sali-Connie’s  left  wrist,  slapped  her  hard  across  the  face  bringing  tears  to  her  eyes.  “Ginny  Brand,  Quincy  Oates  and  Val  Tomson,  who  shouldn’t  be  here  at  her  age.  But  we’re  desperate  now,  you  should  know  that.  Pull  yourself  together  or  you’ll  end  up  like  your  mum.  Dead.”  As  soon  as  she  said  it,  she  was  sorry,  and  threw  her  arms  round  the  confused  girl,  pulling  her  close.  “Come  on  Connie,  we’ve  got  to  do  it.  She  runs  rings  round  the  grown  ups  somehow  and  there’s  only  us  youngsters  able  to  get  near  her.”
As  they  went  slowly  Northward,  away  from  the  fence,  someone  in  Homestead  started  beating  the  great  wooden  drum  on  the  chapel  roof  and  the  shouting  got  suddenly  louder.
Quincy  glanced  briefly  over  her  shoulder.  “Bloody  idiots,”  she  whispered.  “No  telling  what  the  old  witch’ll  get  ’em  doing  next.”
Sali  didn’t  answer,  couldn’t  answer.  It  felt  like  her  head  was  pounding  in  time  with  the  dull  thuds  from  the  great  drum  behind  them.  Suddenly  it  was  as  if  she  was  looking  at  the  world  through  a  crooked  mirror.  She  fell  to  her  knees  and  clasped  her  hands  to  her  ears.
“Fight  it  Connie,  keep  her  out,”  hissed  Quincy  and  dragged  her  to  her  feet.  Sali  was  dumb  and  could  only  watch  where  Connie’s  eyes  were  directed.
“Bitch!”  Connie  spat  out  the  word.  “She’s  in  my  head,  Quincy.  But  she’ll  not  get  the  better  of  me.”
“Atta  girl,  keep  going,”  Quincy  replied.  “Remember  your  ma.”
Connie’s  eyes  briefly  took  on  a  puzzled  look.  “Ma  Nesbitt,”  she  whispered.
“Ma  Nesbitt,”  echoed  Sali,  inside  her  mind.
They  continued  along  the  path  in  the  feeble  light  of  the  rising  moon,  until  they  were  stopped  by  Val,  who  reached  out  and  grabbed  Quincy’s  arm.
“Gods  girl,”  she  gasped.  “I  nearly  messed  myself.”
“Shhhh!”  hissed  Val.  “They’re  just  ahead,  by  the  river.
“Them?”  Queried  Connie.  “Who’s  them?”
“Old  Pru’s  got  her  sister  Marta  and  little  Wandra.  No  knowing  what  she’s  up  to.”
Sali  was  crying  silently  inside  Connie’s  mind.  “Mum,”  she  sobbed.  “Oh  mum.”
Connie  shook  her  head  before  rubbing  hard  at  her  eyes.  “Save  the  baby,”  she  said  slowly  and  quietly.
It  was  Quincy’s  turn  to  frown.  “Better  they  all  die,”  she  snarled.  “Get  rid  of  all  the  Vordens.  Now.”
“No!”  Connie  was  definite  in  her  reply.  “Baby  dies.  We  all  die.  I  can  see  it.”
Her  two  companions  stood  and  gaped.  Was  little  Constance  Nesbitt  turning  guru  already?  There  was  no  time  for  comment  as  they  were  joined  by  eleven  more  young  Homestead  girls.  At  Quincy’s  command,  they  spread  out  left  and  right,  and  after  counting  to fifty,  Val  Tomson  started  screaming  for  all  she  was  worth.
On  hearing  the  hastily  arranged  signal,  the  other  thirteen  started  running  forward,  with  varying  degrees  of  enthusiasm  and  determination,  each  of  them  clutching  clubs,  knives  and  stones  in  nervous  fingers  and  screaming  like  banshees.
“HA!!!”  Prudence’s  exclamation  was  like  the  crack  of  a  whip  and  silence  returned  again.  “You’ve  done  well  girls,  but  throwing  stones  will  do  you  no  good.”  She  turned  slowly  on  the  spot,  her  left  arm  extended  and  pointing  to  each  of  the  girls  in  turn.
“I  know  you  all,  I  know  your  names.  Fourteen  virgins  trying  to  behave  like  grown  ups.”
Try  as  she  might,  Connie  couldn’t  move  and  Sali  looked  on  in  horror  as  her  grandmother  stepped  into  the  river,  cradling  her  baby  in  her  arms.  “Do  something,”  she  said,  and  Connie  heard  her  voice  as  a  distant  echo,  but  was  powerless.
Prudence  laughed  at  the  sight  of  the  helpless  girls.  “Come  for  a  fight  have  you?  Then  fight!”  She  wiggled  her  fingers  at  the  six  girls  on  Connie’s  right,  Quincy,  Jane,  Amelia,  Samantha,  Brenda  and  Louisa.  They  turned  towards  each  other,  and  slowly  but  surely,  closed  together  then  started  to  flail  and  kick  out.  Their  slow  motion  fight  was  almost  silent  and  nearly  comical,  but  was  every  bit  as  vicious  as  if  they  were  willing  opponents.
“I  know  your  names  and  I  know  your  games,  and  I  hold  you  in  the  palm  of  my  hand.”  She  turned  to  her  sister,  “Deeper  bitch.  Drown  the  brat,  then  nothing  can  stop  me.”
Sali  screamed  and  forced  her  way  through  Connie’s  mental  defences.  “NO!!”
The  surprised  caster  spun  round,  eyes  wide  open  with  the  shock  of  the  girls  defiance.
“Constance  Amelia  Nesbitt,  I  know  your  name.  BE  SILENT,  or  I’ll  make  you  suffer.”
“Try  and  make  me,  hag,”  retorted  Sali  angrily,  growing  in  confidence.
Prudence  ignored  the  scuffling  girls  on  the  dark  river  bank,  and  raised  both  hands  towards  Sali,  chanting  softly  as  she  did  so.  The  darkness  grew  deeper  around  her  as  she  drew  on  some  awful  power,  and  finally  she  spoke  plainly.  “Constance  Nesbitt  slowly  die.  Let  your  blood  congeal,  let  your  fingers  and  toes  fall  away.  Let  the  flesh  drop  from  your  bones  and  let  the  worms  eat  away  your  insides.  May  you  rot  away  all  alone  and  unloved.”
Sali  felt  the  curse  wash  over  her,  but  it  wasn’t  aimed  at  her,  but  at  the  absent  Connie,  so  she  was  unaffected  by  it  and  the  darkness  was  gone.  She  folded  her  arms  and  stared  right  back  into  the  casters  widening  eyes.
“Tut  tut,  Prudence,”  she  admonished  her  great  aunt.  “Is  that  the  best  you  can  do?”
“AAAAH!!”  screamed  Prudence.  “Not  possible.  Why  aren’t  you  dying?”
Sali  laughed  at  her.  “Fourteen  virgins  you  know  by  name?  I  think  not.  We  are  fifteen  and  you  do  not  know  me,  but  I  know  you  and  it’s  my  turn  now.”
Prudence  turned  quickly  and  waved  at the  other  girls.  “Take  her,  kill  her,”  she  yelled,  and  some  of  them  moved  reluctantly  in  Sali’s  direction.
Sali  shook  her  head  slowly.  “Bad  Prudence,  naughty  Prudence.  Time  to  end  it.”  It  was  her  turn  to  wave  at  the  confused  girls  and  they  turned  towards  the  caster.
“Can’t  hurt  me  girl,  whoever  you  are.  That’s  not  my  given  name.”  She  giggled  shrilly.  “No  name,  no  game,”  and   her  insane  laughter  rang  round  the  dark  woods.
It  was  Sali’s  turn  to  be  worried.  ‘Name,  name,  what’s  her  name,’  she  thought,  but  try as  she  might  she  could  not  remember  her  mad  relation  ever  being  mentioned.
In  the  river’s  centre,  Marta  stood  holding  her  baby  Wandra,  Sali’s  future  mother,  and  the  emotional  turmoil  was  plain  upon  her  face.  At  last,  she  forced  the  one  word  past  her  unfeeling  lips.  “Prunella,”  she  whispered,  then  louder,  “Prunella,  PRUNELLA.”
Sali  shouted  in  triumph.  “Prunella  Vorden,  I  know  you  now,  but  I’m  not  of  your  world  and  you  know  me  not.”  Sali  growled  out  the  last  few  words  and  her  murderous  relation  screamed  in  frustration  and  fury.
“NO!!”  she  cried,  “it’s  mine,  all  mine.  Only  I  have  the  power.  I  am  a  god.”
“Flesh  of   my  flesh,  blood  of  my  blood,  you  must  die  for  Homestead’s  good.  Prunella  Vorden,  YOU  HAVE  NO  POWER.”  She  took  a  deep  breath.  “Ladies,”  she  said  with  grim  determination,  “do  your  duty.”
It  wasn’t  quick,  and  it  certainly  wasn’t  easy.  Prudence  was  bigger  and  stronger  than  most  of  the  girls,  and  fought  viciously.  She  was  fighting  for  her  life.
Quincy  and  the  other  five  were  still  out  of  it,  devastated  by  the  things  they  had  done  at  the  casters  command  and  Jane  was  dead,  strangled  by  Louisa  who  lay  sobbing  on  the  grass  by  her  friend’s  body.
Sali  stood  on  the  river  bank,  in  Connie’s  body,  arms  stretched  out,  eyes  half  closed  in  concentration,  holding  a  blanket  of  confusion  over  Prudence  so  that  she  couldn’t  use  the  power.  The  other  seven  girls  managed  to  overcome  her  and  eventually  it  was  finished,  but  only  six  of  them  waded  out  of  the  river.  The  lifeless  bodies  of  Prudence  and  Jackie  Snowdrop  bumped  gently  together  against  the  rocks.
Ginny  Brand  put  her  cold  wet  hands  on  Sali-Connie’s  shoulders.  “It’s  over,”  she  said,  peering   anxiously  into  Connie’s  staring  eyes.  There  was  no  response  so  she  called  louder,  “Connie,  she’s  gone.”
The  roaring  in  Sali’s  ears  became  unbearable  and  she  finally  fainted,  then  Connie’s  hysterical  screams  rent  the  air  and  all  the  creatures  of  the  dark  wood  screamed  with  her.
Sali  woke  to  the  sound  of  water  bubbling  over  the  rocks  and  birds  singing  in  the  trees  again.  She  opened  her  eyes  to  see  the  afternoon  sunshine  and  found  that  she  was  lying  on  the  blanket  with  her  head  in  Ma  Nesbitt’s  lap.  Connie  was  stroking  her  hair,  and  there  were  tears  in  her  eyes.
“Oh  Sali  love.  Didn’t  mean  that  to  happen,  only  meant  to  show  you,”  she  said  sorrowfully.  “All  these  years,  and  I  never  knew  it  was  you  there  with  me  that  night.  Can  you  forgive  me?”
Sali  smiled  up  at  her.  “Good,  weren’t  we  Connie?”  she  whispered.  “We  surprised  her  more  than  we  surprised  each  other  I  guess.”
The  old  guru  smiled  at  last.  “Connie  now,  is  it,  young  madam?”
“We  were  one  back  then  Connie,  no  secrets  now.  Die  alone  and  unloved?  No  chance  of  that.  I  love  you.  I  am  you,  and  you’re  me.  Oh!”  She  paused,  struggling  with  a  sudden  thought.  “I  gave  you  your  powers  didn’t  I?”
Connie  nodded  and  smiled.  “Looks  that  way  Sali  love.  I  became  guru  that  night.”
Sali  sighed  and  turned  her  head  to  look  again  at  the  water.  “I’m  going  with  Tanya  like  you  want.  No  choice  really,  I  know  that,  but  one  day,”  she  licked  her  dry  lips.  “One  day,  Constance  Nesbitt,  you  and  me  are  going  to  rule  the  world.”  She  looked  back  into  Connie’s  eyes  and  a  strange  smile  crept  into  the  corners  of  her  mouth.  “I  can  see  it.”

Chapter  2
Sali  goes  West
“Can’t  believe  that  this  is  really  happening,”  sighed  Sali  as  she  trudged  along  the  ill  defined  trail  close  behind  Tanya.  “Two  days  wandering  round  the  campo  like  lost  sheep  and  not  a  sign  of  those  stupid  bloody  dogs  anywhere.  Not  to  mention  two  nights  sleeping  rough.”  She  grimaced  at  the  memory  of  the  last  two  nights,  when  instead  of  sleeping  peacefully,  she  had  laid  awake  most  of  the  time,  listening  to  the  creatures  of  the  night  shift  calling  to  each  other.  “Don’t  know  how  you  managed  to  sleep  Tanya  Vine,  it’s  not  natural  the  way  you  can  sleep  anywhere.”
Tanya  smiled  at  her  disconsolate  and  tired  friend,  and  decided  to  duck  the  issue  of  ‘unnatural  abilities’.  “Told  you  to  have  some  of  that  cider  our  mum  gave  us,  didn’t  I?  That  would  have  helped  you  to  sleep.”
“Hah!”  Sali  exclaimed.  “Fat  chance  of  that  with  you  three  gulping  it  down  like  you  was  in  a  race.”
Tanya  put  on  a  hurt  expression.  “I  thought  we  were  behaving  in  a  most  polite  manner.  Wiping  the  bottle  before  passing  it  on  and  all  that.”
“Yeh,”  retorted  Sal.  “And  when  you  remembered  I  was  on  look  out  up  that  awful  tree,  and  passed  it  to  me,  it  had  nearly  all  gone.”
Tanya  waved  away  Sali’s  protest,  “anyway,  look  on  the  bright  side  Sal,  next  week,  this  will  all  be  in  the  past  and  it  won’t  matter.  We’ll  be  safe  at  Toogood  farm,  and  you’ll  be  free  to  do  whatever  you  want.  Within  reason  of  course.”
“Can’t  believe  that  yet  either,”  replied  Sali,  “always  somebody  bossing  us  about.  Go  here,  go  there,  do  this,  don’t  do  that.”
Tanya  smiled  and  put  on  her  best  ‘trust  me’  face,  and  put  her  arm  round  Sali’s  shoulder.  “Those  days  are  gone,  sweetheart.  It’s  my  farm.  I’m  Prima,  Pan’s  my  priestess  and  you’re  our  guru.  You’ll  be  the  best  ever,  and  Toogood  farm  is  like  paradise.”  She  lowered  her  voice  in  a  conspiratorial  whisper.  “There’s  no  goats.”
Sali  smiled  at  last.  “Remember  that  day  we  were  trying  to  catch  Topper?  Thought  Sasha  would  be  limping  for  a  month,  the  way  he  put  his  horns  up  her  backside.”
Tanya  laughed  at  the  mental  image  conjured  up.  “He  was  only  playing  with  her.  If  he  had  meant  it,  she  would  still  be  in  bed.”
Sali  nodded  wisely,  “serious  business  messing  about  with  goats.”
It  was  Tanya’s  turn  to  pull  a  wry  face,  as  she  thought  of  Gretagast,  the  alien  goat  creature  who  had  tried  to  educate  her.  “Don’t  I  know  it  Sal,  don’t  I  know  it.”
They  walked  on  in  silence  for  a  while  and  Tanya  shifted  her  pack  to  the  other  shoulder.  “Only  about  another  hour  or  so,  then  we’ll  be  there.”
“Mmmm,  hot  food  and  a  proper  bed,”  said  Sali  dreamily.
“Mmmm,  hot  food,  a  proper  bed  and  a  hot  bath,”  replied  Tanya.
“What?”  Sali  was  aghast.  “A  bath?  An  actual  bath?  You  cannot  be  serious.”  Her  face  was  a  picture  of  undisguised  horror.  “I  had  a  proper  wash  the  day  before  we  left,  I  can’t  have  another  yet.  It’s  not  healthy.”  They  had  stopped  walking  and  she  stared  into  Tanya’s  eyes  for  signs  that  it  was  just  a  joke.  “You  mean  it  don’t  you?  You  really  mean  it.”
Tanya’s  eyes  twinkled  as  she  laughed  at  Sali’s  forlorn  expression.  “We’re  going  West  Sal,  and  you’ll  see  that  once  we’re  past  the  Nest,  it’s  a  different  world  out  there.  We  can’t  be  country  yokels  any  more,  we’ve  got  to  be  civilized.  And  besides…”  her  voice  trailed  off,  and  as  she  hesitated  Sali  butted  in.
“Besides  what,  Tanya  Vine?”  she  demanded.
“There’s  Marco.”
Sali  shrugged  her  shoulders  to  show  her  bewilderment.  “So?”
“He  won’t  want  you  if  you  smell  like  bad  eggs  and  scratch  at  your  flea  bites  all  the  time.”
“I  don’t  scratch!”  squealed  Sali  as  she  quickly  pulled  her  hand  from  beneath  her  dirty  shirt.  Then  her  eyes  grew  wider  as  Tanya’s  words  registered  at  last.  “Want  me?  WANT  ME?  What  do  mean,  want  me?”
“Well  you  know,”  said  Tanya  hesitantly,  “if  you  don’t  smell  right,  he  won’t  want  you  sharing  his  bed  at  night.”
“BED?”  Sali’s  eyes  were  virtually  popping  out  of  her  head  now.  “But  he’s  a  man.  Why  would  I  want  to  share  a  bed  with  a  man?”
So  Tanya  told  her.

The  past  will  always  catch  up  with  you
Tanya  and  Sali  hadn’t  left  Homestead  alone.  Their  search  for  the  wardogs  had  been  in  the  company  of  Denny  Sazgood  and  Robin  the  alien,  who  was  still  in  Betty’s  body.  After  a  day  and  a  half  of  fruitless  wandering  and  getting  on  each  other’s  nerves,  they  had  agreed  to  split  up.  While  Tan  and  Sal  headed  West,  Denny  and  Robin  turned  South  again  towards  Homestead.
They  were  nearly  there  when  it  happened.  The  only  memorable  event  in  a  three  day  journey.
“It’s  not  as  if  the  dogs  matter  now  anyway.”  Denny  was  talking  as  much  for  her  own  sake  as  for  making  polite  conversation.  “Not  to  me  and  Caren.  House  of  Sazgood  has  already  started,  thanks  to  Joannie,  and  Cas  doesn’t  need  the  wardogs,  does  she?”
There  was  no  answer,  so  she  glanced  over  her  shoulder.  There  was  no  Robin  either.  Stopping  and  turning  round,  she  spotted  her  absent  companion.
She  couldn’t  regard  her  as  a  ‘friend’,  not  after  originally  killing  her  in  her  previous  squirming,  tentacled  form.  Robin  was  lying  prone  at  the  side  of  the  trail,  thirty  metres  back,  her  head  bobbing  up  and  down  slightly  as  she  tried  to  see  something  without  being  seen  herself.
Denny  crouched  down  and  peered  intently  in   the  same  direction  as  Robin,  but  saw  nothing  unusual.  “What  the  hells  is  she  doing?”  she  muttered  to  herself.  Then  deciding  to  be  careful  rather  than  sorry,  crept  cautiously  back  to  Robin’s  side.
“Robin,”  she  hissed.
Robin’s  hand  shot  out  and  she  grasped  Denny’s  arm  in  a  vice  like  grip.  She  turned  to  Denny  and  the  fear  was  plain  in  her  eyes.  “They’re  here,”  she  whispered.
Denny  managed  to  prise  Robin’s  fingers  loose  and  she  massaged  her  numb  arm.  “Who?  What?”
“Them,”  was  the  short  reply,  and  she  indicated  toward  the  field  over  the  fence  with  a  nod  of  her  head.
“There’s  nobody  there  Robin,”  Denny  insisted.  “Nobody  alive  anyway.  Look.”  It  was  her  turn  to  nod  her  head,  and  it  was  in  the  direction  of  the  faded  board  with  it’s  dire  warning.  There  was  a  stylised  death’s  head  with  the  words  ‘PELIGRO - MINAS’  beneath  it.  “It’s  the  old  minefield.  Nobody’s  allowed  in  there,  everybody  knows  that.”
Robin  wasn’t  any  happier,  and  dragged  Denny  sideways  a  little  and  pointed.  There  was  a  white  patch,  which  looked  like  an  animal  skull,  with  horns.  “Look,  it’s  a  Horner.  Evil  bastards.  We’ve  been  at  war  with  them  for  centuries.”
“But  it’s  dead.  There’s  only  a  skeleton  out  there.”
“You  don’t  understand.”  Robin  was  agitated  and  insistent.  “They  always  come  in  threes  and  if  one’s  dead,  no  telling  what  the  other  two  will  do.”
Denny  got  back  to  her  feet,  brushing  the  dirt  from  her  knees.  “Oh  for  Lady’s  sake,  pull  yourself  together.  You’re  not  a  snakehead  now,  you’re  human.  They  won’t  even look  twice  at  you.”
“But  you  don’t  know  them.”  Robin  was  close  to  tears  now.  “They  get  inside  your   head,  scramble  your  brains.  Oh  no!”  Realisation  dawned  on  her.
“What?”
“They’ve  come  for  the  Collector.”
“The  vampire  sword?”
Robin  nodded.  “Yes,  we  stole  it  from  them.  There  was  a  bit  of  a  scuffle  somewhere  in…  oh…  third  arm  turnwise  and  eighty  years  from  the  centre.  Five  of  our  fastest  slipships  attacked  the  Horner  outpost  on  Glideway  Blue  four.”  she  paused,  her  eyes  reliving  the  horror  of  it  all.
Denny  prompted  her  to  continue.  “What  happened?”
“It  was  awful,”  she  whispered.  “My  ship,  the  Interloper,  ran  straight  back  to  Black  Mere  for  repairs,  but  the  Lady  Of  Pain  came  more  or  less  directly  here.”
“What  about  the  other  ships?”
“Gone,  atomized  by  the  Horners.”
“And  the  Horners?”
“Gone  as  well.  Whole  colony  was  eliminated,  praise  be  to  Great  Bardon,”  and  she  waved  her  hands  vaguely  in  front  of  her.
Denny  frowned  at  the  thought  of  all  this  being  just  a  bit  of  a  scuffle.  “Great  who?”
“Bardon.  My  protector  god.”  she  waved  again.  “Damn!  I  can’t  do  the  sign  with  only  two  hands.
“Come  on.  Get  up  and  pull  yourself  together.  That  thing  has  been  dead  for  years  and  the  others  have  probably  been  gone  for  ages  as  well.”
Robin  was  still  on   her  knees  and  didn’t  answer,  but  her  lips  were  moving  as  she  muttered  to  herself.  Suddenly  she  sprang  up.  “Got  to  know,”  she  yelled,  and  before  Denny  could  stop  her,  she  had  pushed  aside  the  bushes  and  was  running  across  the  ancient  minefield,  a  relic  of  the  valley  wars.
Denny  dived  to  the  ground  again,  but  there  was  no  roar  of  exploding  mines.  She  raised  her  head  cautiously,  and  could  see  Robin  kneeling  by  the  skeleton.  Eventually  Robin  stood  and  looked  round  the  field  again  before  walking  directly  back  to  where  Denny  lay  waiting.
She  dropped  the  skull  she  had  retrieved  and  sat  down  by  Denny’s  side.  “Look.”
Denny  had  got  over  the  shock  of  seeing  Robin’s  suicidal  dash,  and  forced  herself  not  to  give  her  the  telling  off  she  deserved.  “What  am  I  looking  at  then?”  she  asked.
Robin  held  out  the  scrap  of  clothing  she  was  holding.  “See  this  sign?  It’s  a  chameleon  captain.  And  the  skull’s  got  the  implants  as  well.”
Denny  turned  the  skull  over  and  traced  out  the  fine  network  of  metallic  filaments,  till  her  finger  came  to  where  the  wires  met  at  a  tiny  grey  cube.  She  looked  from  the  skull  to  Robin.
“Booster,”  said  Robin  in  answer  to  the  unspoken  question.  “When  she  was  alive,  she  was  more  dangerous  than  me  when  I  was  in  the  projector  suit.”
Denny  visualised  the  armoured  monstrosity  that  Robin  had  been  when  she  met  her  death  at  Denny’s  hands  and  pursed  her  lips  appreciatively.
“It’s  worse,”  said  Robin  quietly.
Denny  raised  her  eyebrows.
“There’s  another  one  over  there.  That  means  there’s  one  more  somewhere,  still  on  the  loose.”
“Is  that  bad?”  asked  Denny.
“Worse  than  bad.  Takes  at  least  two  to  fly  a  chameleon  ship,  so  it’s  still  here  as  well,  lurking  somewhere  close  by,  just  waiting  to  cause  trouble,  and  Horners  can’t  live  without  company.  They  lose  their  sense  of  reality  when  they’re  alone.”
“So,  it  might  be  more  dangerous?”
Robin  nodded.  “Afraid  so.  It’ll  be  going  slowly  mad.”
Denny  looked  at  the  skull  and  thought  for  a  moment.  “It’s  a  goat.  A  mad  goat?”
Robin  nodded  again.  “Absolutely  beyond  all  reason.  And  going  back  to  the  wild.”

Negotiations
It  was  nearly  dark  when  Tanya  walked  alone  through  the  huge  gates  set  in  the  rebuilt  walls  of  Algar  compound,  and  waved  to  the  women  above  her.  Setting  down  her  two  packs,  she  called  out,  “can  you  wait  a  few  minutes,  Sali’s  not  far  behind  me.”
One  of  them  nodded  and  then  turned  to  look  out  over  the  wall  towards  the  East.  Tanya  stretched  before  picking  up  her  own  and  Sali’s  packs  and  carried  them  both  easily  over  to  the  main  house  where  she  sat  on  a  low  chair  to  wait  for  her  tardy  companion.
It  wasn’t  long  before  Sali  limped  through  the  gates,  which  closed  behind  her,  and  slumped  in  the  chair  next  to Tanya.  “Thank  god  we’re  here.  Can’t  go  another  step.”
Tanya  looked at  her  in  despair.  “Your  trouble  young   Sali  is  that  you’re  not  fit.”
They  were  interrupted  by  the  door  opening,  allowing  Julie  Brand  to  join  them on  the  porch.  After  the  wolf  attack  on  Homestead,  which  had  left  Susan  Brand  dead,  Ginny  had  brought  her  three  remaining  daughters  to  oversee  the  running  of  Algar  way  station,  and  she  was  determined  that  her  family  would  show  a  good  profit  during  their  term  of  residence.  Julie  was  dressed  simply  in  a  clean  but  plain  green  skirt  and  nearly  matching  blouse,  and  she  was  wiping  her  hands  on  a  small  towel  as  she  came  onto  the  porch.
“Well,  well,  well.  Tanya  Vine  and  Sali  Vorden.  Never  expected  to  see  you  here  to  sample  our  hospitality.  You’re  very  lucky  girls,  you  only  just  made  it.”  She  shook  her  head  slightly  and  pursed  her  lips.  “Once  the  gates  are  shut,  they  usually  stay  that  way  till  well  after  dawn.”
Tanya  and  Sali  looked  at  each  other,  not  understanding.  “Why’s  that  then?”  asked  Tanya.
“Doesn’t  seem  very  friendly,”  added  Sali.
“Don’t  you  know?  Good  grief,  thought  you  would  have  known.  There’s  a  wolf  pack  out  there  somewhere.”  She  decided  not to  mention  the  other  awful  creature  that  had  been  seen  occasionally  in  the  area.  “We  can  hear  them  most  nights.”
They  had  been  sleeping  on  the  ground,  in  the  open  for  two  nights,  and  they  looked  at  her  in  horror.  “Shit!”  Exclaimed  Tanya.
“Flaming  seesaws!”  Gasped  Sali.  “We’ve  been  sleeping  in  the  campo  for  two  nights.”  She  stabbed  her  forefinger  into  Tanya’s  chest.  “You!”  she  accused.  “You  could  have  got  us  killed  and  eaten.”
“ME?”  Tanya  was  all  innocence.  “We’re  here  now,  all  safe  and  sound  aren’t  we?”
“Yes  but...”
“No  buts  Sali  Vorden.  You  have  to  trust  me  to  keep  you  safe,  and  now  we’re  here,  we’ll  have  a  warm  bed  tonight.”
Julie  butted  in,  “yes,  a  clean  bed  and  good  food.  And  how  would  you  like  to  pay?”
They  gaped  at  her. Tanya  was  first  to  recover.  “Pay?”
“Pay?”  echoed Sali.
“Yes,  pay.”  She  waved  her  arm  in  abroad circle.  It’s  an  expensive  place  to  run,  and  nothing  comes  for  free  these  days.”  She  struggled  to  suppress  a  smile  as  she  watched  the  girls  expressions.  “So.  What  have  you  got?”
Tanya  frowned.  “Well,  nothing  we  can  manage  without  really,  what  does  it  cost?”
“Ten  cents  for  a  place  at  dinner,  ten  for  a  clean  bed  and  ten  more  for  breakfast.  Each.”
Sali  was  counting  on  her  fingers.  “Why…  that’s  nearly  a  pound,”  she  blurted  out.
Julie  smiled  at  Sali’s  rough  and  ready  accountancy  skills,  but  agreed.  “But  seeing  as  how  you’re  from  Homestead  and  don’t  have  much  to  do  with  cash  money  as  such,  it  could  be  ten  good  eggs,  or  two  jugs  of  cider,  or  something  like  that?”
“Aaah.”  Tanya  nodded  slowly  and  warned  Sali  into  silence  with  a  meaningful  look.  “Nothing  like  that  I’m   afraid,  but  I  do  have  a  gold  ring  that  I  could  sell  you.”
Julie  hitched  up  her  skirt  and  sat  on  the  step  next  to  Tanya.  “Show  me,”  and  she  held  out  her  hand.  Tanya  untied  the  string  round  her  neck,  unthreaded  the  ring  and  passed  it  over.  Jean  Collier  the  pedlar’s  daughter  had  given  Tanya  the  ring  a  couple  of  years  before  as  a  token  of  her  undying  love,  and  it  was  probably  worthless,  but  Tanya  kept  a  straight  face  as  Julie  held  it  up  to  the light.
“See  how  the  red  stone  shines  so,  when  the  light  catches  it  right?”
Julie  pulled  a  wry  face.  “Rubbish,”  she  exclaimed,  and  tossed  it  in  the  air  towards  Tanya,  who  caught  it  awkwardly.
“What  do  we  do  now?”  Asked  Sali.
Julie  smiled.  “What  you  do,  girls.  Is  sleep  in  the  wash  house,  and  eat  what’s  left  over.”
Sali’s  jaw  dropped  in  dismay,  but  Tanya  reassured  her,  “at  least  it’s  warm  Sal.  And  safe.”
“Yes,”  said  Julie  slowly,  “but  unfortunately,  there’s  all  that  washing  to  do  first.”
“WASHING?”  exclaimed  Sali.
“Washing,”  repeated  Julie,  “can’t  pay,  got  to  work.  As  I  said,  nothing’s  free  these  days.  Not  even  for  Homestead’s  favourite  daughters.”
Tanya  shrugged  in  resignation.  “Come  on  Sal,  let’s  get  started.  Soonest  begun,  soonest  finished.”
They  went  where  Julie  directed  them,  Sali  muttering  to  herself  all  the  while,  “washing,  bloody  washing.  Never  did  washing  at  home.  This  is  turning  out  worse  every  day.”

Even  though  the  laundry  building  was  open  to  the  elements  on  two  sides,  it  was  hot  and  very  humid.  A  conduit  delivered  cold  water  from  the  mountain  stream  a  kilometre  or  so  away,  but  in  one  corner  of  the  compound,  there  was  a  stone  cistern,  and  hot,  fairly  smelly  water  bubbled  up  into  it  continuously,  and  was  diverted  to  the  bath  house  or  laundry,  whichever  needed  it  at  the  time.
In  the  wash  house,  the  only  sounds  were  the  trickling  of  water,  the  slap  of  wet  clothes  on  the  stone  and  Sali’s  continuous  complaining  about  the  smell,  but  at  last  they  were  finished.
“That’s  it!”  declared  Sali  vehemently.  “I’m  not  doing  anything  for  anybody,  ever!  If  anybody  else  asks  me  to  do  something,  I’ll  tell  them  to  go  fuck  themselves!”
Tanya  gaped  at  her  friend’s  outburst.  “Sali  Vorden!  Where  did  you  learn  language  like  that?”  she  demanded.
“Gilda,”  was  the  short  reply.
“Oh,”  was  all  Tanya  could  say.
“I’ve  a  good  mind  to  say  ‘sod  it’  and  buggar  off  home.  No  man’s  worth  all  this  hassle.  Everything  you’ve  told  me  about  him,  well,  me  and  Gilda  have  done  already.  All  except…  you  know,  that  last  bit.”
Tanya  gave  a  brief  laugh.  “Ha!  Everybody’s  done  it  with  Gilda,  but  Marco’s  better.  Much  better.”
Sali  gave  her  friend  a  mischievous  smile.  “So  what’s  it  like  with  a  man?  Have  you  been  with  him  many  times?”
“Aaah,  well,  I  haven’t  actually  been  with  him.  I’ve  kissed  him  lots  of  times  though,  but  that’s  all.”
Sali  frowned  and  opened  and   closed  her  mouth  a  couple  of   times  as  she  digested  this  new  bit  of  information.  “Well  how  do  you  know  he’s  better  then?”  she  finally  asked.
Tanya  thought  a  moment.  “Flossie  says  so.”
“What?  So  she  says  ‘Oh  Marco,  you’re  so  much  better  than  Gilda’?”
“No,”  answered  Tanya.  “but  I’ve  heard  them  together.”
“Yes,  and...”
“Well,  she  makes  a  lot  of  noise,  like  dinner  time  in  dog  city.”
Sali  knew  about  the  frantic  meal  times  with  the  wardogs,  and  scowled.  “That’s  weird  Tanya  Vine.  Don’t  sound  like  normal  behaviour  to  me.  Especially  West  of  the  Nest.  Got  to  be  civilized  now,”  she  concluded  triumphantly  as  she  gloated  at  Tanya’s  discomfort.
“I  give  up  mistress  Vorden,  I  really  do.  Let’s  get  dressed  and  see  what  we  can  steal  for  our  suppers.”

They  had  stripped  to  their  underwear  to  do  the  washing,  and  their  travelling  skirts  and  blouses  now  hung  with  the  other  clothes  they  had  cleaned.  Putting  on  their  spare  shirts  and  trousers,  they  crossed  the  dark  yard  to  the  main  house,  and  entered  by  the  kitchen  door.  Ginny  welcomed  them  in  with  a  smile,  and  waving  a  work-worn  hand  towards  the  grill  and  range  of  pots  now  cooling  by  the  fire,  told  them  to  take  whatever  they  wanted.  After  first  enquiring  whether  it  was  a  sheep  or  one  of  her  beloved  goats  on  the  spit,  and  being  assured  that  goats  were  now  off  the  menu,  Tanya  and  Sali  helped  themselves  to  a  grand  feast  of  mutton,  carrots,  potatoes  and  fresh  crusty  bread.  During  the  meal,  the  three  Brand  sisters  were  in  and  out  of  the  kitchen,  ferrying  food  to  their  hungry  guests.  Towards  the  end  of  the  night,  someone  started  playing  a  fiddle,  and  the  music  swelled  and  died  as  the  kitchen  door  was  opened  and  closed.  Lottie  came  through  the  door  with  yet  more  dirty  plates.  “Getting  a  bit  heated  in  there  mum,”  she  said  breathlessly,  “Julie’s  got  the  club  out  and  she’s  ready  to  use  it  if  it  gets  out  of  hand.”
“What  are  them  silly  beggars  doing?”  demanded  Ginny.
“It’s  them  troopers,”  was  the  reply.  “Basher  and  four  other  ugly  sods  from  Tintown.  They’re  demanding,  demanding,  better  entertainment.”
“Entertainment?”  queried  her  bemused  mother.  “What  sort  of  entertainment?”
“No  idea.  Debbie’s  playing  her  fiddle,  and  our  Terri’s  singing,  but  they’re  getting  a  bit  rowdy.”
“I  can  shut  them  up.”
They  stared  at  Sali.  “What  can  you  do  young  Sali?”  asked  Ginny  eventually.
“We  can  dance  for  them,”  was  the  confident  reply.
“Dance?”  gasped  Tanya.  “I’ve  never  seen  you  dance  Sali  Vorden.  Are  you  sure  about  this?”
“Oh,  quite  sure  Tan.  But  only  if  we  get  a  bed  for  the  night.”  and  she  looked  meaningfully  at  Ginny.
“It’s  a  deal,”  said  Ginny  without  hesitation.  “It’ll  be  better  than  breaking  heads.”
Tanya  grabbed  her  friend’s  arm  and  leant  close  to  her.  “Are  you  mad  Sal?”  she  whispered.  “I  know  what  you  can  do,  and  Ma  Nesbitt  said  I’m  not  to  let  you  do  anything  drastic.”
“Trust  me  Tan,  I’m  not  going  to  hurt  anyone.  I’ve  seen  Lily  out  there  tonight,  she’ll  help,  and  we  don’t  want  to  sleep  in  the  laundry.  Do  we?  It  stinks.”
Tanya  gave  a  deep  sigh  and  released  Sali’s  arm.  They  went  into  the  great  hall  where  the  violin  player  was  beginning  to  suffer.  As  well  as  verbal  insults,  she  was  now  getting  olives  and  carrots  thrown  at  her.  Not  much  longer,  Tanya  thought,  and  they  would  be  throwing  plates  as  well.  She  had  seen  it  all  before  in  The  Vine,  her  mum’s  taverna  in  Homestead.
Sali  led  her  round  the  side  of  the  room  and  stopped  at  the  last  table  on  the  right.  “Hello,  Lily,”  she  said.
Lily  and  her  companions  were  from  Crampton,  the  most  Northerly  village  on  the  coast,  but  had  moved  into  Homestead  just  before  the  civil  war,  which  had  finished  with  the  battle  of  Asher’s  Farm.
She  regarded  Sali  and  Tanya  sadly.  “Gonna  be  trouble  girls,  you  shouldn’t  be  here.”
“Well,  with  your  help,  we’re  going  to  stop  this  trouble  before  it  starts.”
Lily  shook  her  head  and  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “How’s  that  Sal?"
“We’re  going  to  do  a  sailors  special  for  them.”
“It  might  just  have  escaped  your  notice,”  Lily  said  quietly,  “but  we’re  not  exactly  a  dance  troupe.”
Tanya  gasped  her  disbelief.  “Now  I  know  you’re  mad.  I’ve  tried  doing  it  just  once,  and  it  was  a  disaster.”
Sali  smiled.  “Don’t  you  listen  Tanya  Vine?  Trust  me  I  said,”  and  she  whispered  her  instructions  to  them.

Debbie  breathed  a  sigh  of  relief  as  Lottie  jumped  in  front  of  her  and  waved  her  into  silence.
“Ladies!”  She  had  to  shout  as  the  catcalls  increased  in volume.  “LADIES,  your  attention  please.”
The  room  was  almost  silenced  in  anticipation  of  something  different.
“Some  of  you  have  seen  the  flamingo  in  Lakeside.  Some  of  you  have  even  been  to  that  famous  place,  Pauline’s  Pleasure  Parlour.”  There  were  cheers  and  whistles  and  even  some  foot  stamping.  Lottie  held  up  her  arms  and  they  quietened  down  a  little.
“But  none  of  you  have  seen  this.”  She  briefly  looked  sideways  at  Sali  who  urged  her  on.  “From  the  top  of  the  world,  from  as  far  North  as  you  can  go,  Algar  Springs  is  proud  to  present  as  you  have  never  seen  it  before  THE  SARDINE.”
The  sardana  had  it’s  origins  around  the  Barcelona  area,  but  no  one  could  recall  the  whole  truth  of  it.  Nowadays,  eight  women  would  dance  in  a  circle  around  a  single  sardine  on  a  plate,  until  they  dropped  from  exhaustion.  Then  the  fish  would  be  cremated  on  the  beach  and  it’s  ashes  scattered  to  the  waves  to  ensure  that  the  next  years  fishing  season  would  be  successful.
Tanya  and  Lily  were  in  trousers  and  two  more  of  the  Crampton  girls  had  removed  their  skirts  so  that  four  of  them  represented  menfolk.  They  stood  in  a  line  while  Terri  Brand  came from  the  kitchen,  carrying  a  half  eaten  trout  on  a  cracked  plate.  She laid  her  burden  down  in  the  centre  of  the  room  and  retreated  back  to  the  safety  of  the  kitchen,  where  she  and  her  ma  peered  round  the  edge  of  the  door.
Ginny  squinted  in  an  effort  to  see  better,  “they’re  too  quiet,”  she  whispered  to  herself.  “We’ll  have  to  let  Julie  loose  with  the  club.”
The  violin  was  being  played  gently  and  Sali  was  chanting  softly.  The  dancers  linked  hands  and  walked  slowly  onto  the  floor,  circling  the  unfortunate  trout,  the  circle  getting  smaller  until  the  first  dancer  caught  up  with  the  last  one.  They  turned  as one  to  face  the  centre  and  each  one  put  her  hands  out  onto  the  shoulders  of  her  neighbours.
Sali’s  words  were  indistinct,  although  occasionally  she  would  stress  certain  words.  “Time  to  dance,  dance  in  time…  gift  of  the  gods...  god  of  love…  love  to  dance…  give  to  the  good.”
The  dancers  were  hopping  and  sliding  in  a  clockwise  direction  and  Sali  started  moving  the  other  way.  The  fiddle  suddenly  got  louder  and  the  beat  got  faster.  Some  of  the  audience  had  seen  it  before  and  started  clapping  softly  in  time,  and  so  far,  the  threat  of  violence  had  abated.
From  a  seat  in  the  crowd,  the  dancers  were  seen  to  be  in  full  flight,  hopping,  kicking  and  skipping  their  way  through  the  convolutions  of  the  sardine.
Inside  the  circle,  the  dancers  were  a  little  confused  and  Tanya  kicked  her  neighbour  again.  “Sorry  love,”  she  whispered.  Then  louder,  “I  still  can’t  get  the  double  shuffle.”
Lily  ignored  her.  “Left  foot  down,  and  kick  the  right  twice.  Change  feet  and  hop  once.  Forward  three  and  back  again.”
They  were  actually  in  slow  motion  and  walking  through  the  dance,  but  seen  from  outside  Sali’s  circle,  they  were  flying.  “Time  to  dance,  .…  dance in  time.”  Sali  kept  up  her  chant,  and  the  audience  kept  up  their  clapping.  “Love  to  give…  give  to  love”
The  crowd  was  becoming  mesmerized  by  the  rhythm  of  the  dance  and  eventually  Sali  slowly  moved  among  the  bleary  eyed  customers,  stopping  briefly  by  each  one.  “YOU’RE  VERY  TIRED.  GIVE  A  COIN.  TIME  FOR  BED.  SPARE  A  CENT.”
Slowly  the  room  emptied  of  it’s  stupefied  clients,  until  Sali  was  alone  with  Debbie  and  the  dancers.  Debbie  was  on  automatic,  her  fiddle  virtually  playing  itself.  It  took  all  of  Sali’s  strength  to  stop  Debbie’s  arm,  but  eventually,  the  light  of  reason  returned  to  her  glazed  eyes  and  she  also  staggered  off  to  bed.  With  the  music  stopped,  the  eight  dancers  slowly  ground  to  a  halt,  and  they  looked  round  in  amazement  at  the  now  empty  room,  where  Sali  was  dashing  from  table  to  table,  scooping  coins  into  her  leather  pouch.
Tanya  was  dumbfounded.  “What’s  happened?    Where  have  they  all  gone?”
“Gone  to  bed,”   Sali  answered  gleefully,  pushing  her  bulging  purse  into  the  top  of  her  blouse  “Like  the  good  girls  they  are.”

It  was  later,  in  bed  that  Sali  confessed  what  she  had  done.
“Have  you  ever  watched  the  sardine  before?”  she  asked.
“Yeh,  of  course,  twice  in  fact.”
“Not  from  start  to  finish  though?”
The  thought  of  it  made  Tanya  chuckle,  “course  not,  it  takes  hours.”
“How  long  have  you  watched  it  for?”
“About  ten  minutes  I  guess.  It’s  mostly  boring  until  near  the  end,  when  they  start  falling  down  with  the  cramp  an’  stuff.”  She  frowned.  “What  did  you  do  to  them?”
“Oh,  nothing  much.  It  was  easy.”
“How  easy?  What  did  you  do  out  there  Sal?”  she  repeated.
“Well,  I  just  twisted  time  a  bit,  made  them  think  they’d  seen  the  whole  thing  so  they  got  a  bit  tired.”
Tanya’s  mind  was  reeling.  “Twisted  time,”  she  stated  flatly.  “I  get  a  bad  feeling  about  this  Sali  Vorden.”
“No  need  to  worry,”  Sali  said  confidently  and  gave  a  big  yawn.  “I  know  what  I’m  doing.  It’ll  be  alright,  just  you  see.  Now  go  to  sleep  pet,  it’s  late  and  we’re  going  for  a  nice  long  walk  again  tomorrow.”

Chapter  3
After Algar
The  dawn  chorus  came  and  went  without  anyone  in  Algar  Springs  being  awake  to  appreciate  it.  Sali  was  the  first  one  to  crawl  out  of  the  bed  she  had  shared  with  Tanya,  but  after  going  to  collect  their  gear  from  the  laundry,  she  quickly  roused  Tanya  from  dreamland  and  they  were  soon  running  West,  away  from  the  compound  gate.
After  ten  minutes  at  a  fast  jog,  they  slowed  down  and  Sali  explained  the  situation  again.  “It’ll  be  better  if  we  keep  out  of  Basher’s  way  for  a  while.”
Tanya  didn’t  understand.  “I  know  she’s  a  bit  rough  Well  a  big  bully  really,  but  why  should  we  be  afraid?”
“I  told  you  I  didn’t  do  washing  didn’t  I?”
Tanya  nodded  her  agreement.
“Well,  all  them  shirts  and  stuff  we  washed  last  night.”
Tanya  frowned,  “Yes?”
“Well,  they’re  a  bit  pink  now.”
“A  bit  pink?”
“A  lot  pink  actually,  and  Basher  doesn’t  strike  me  as  a  pink  person.”
Her  initial  surprise  wore  off  and  Tanya’s  eyes  twinkled  merrily  as  she  started  to  chuckle.  “Sodding  hell  Sal,  she’ll  be  furious.”
“Her  face’ll  match  her  shirt.”
“Let’s  hope  she  calms  down  a  bit  before  she  gets  to  Ibis,  then  we  can  talk  sensibly  to  her.”
Sali  was  mystified.  “You  can’t  talk  to  Basher,  she’s  not  known  for  talking,  only  for  bashing.”
“Yeh,  well,  I’ll  just  give  her  a  new  shirt  and  everything  will  be  fine.”
Sali  looked  quickly  at  her  friend.  “You  rich  all  of  a  sudden  Tan?  I  can  remember  you  wearing  your  Kirsty’s  old  trousers,  patches  and  all.”
“Them  days  are  long  gone  Sal.  Money,  jewels,  weapons  and  clothes beyond  belief.  We’ve  got  it  all  at  Toogood  farm.”
Sali  thought  it  over.  “I’m  rich  as  well  Tan,”  and  she  opened  her  little  pouch  to  show   what  she  had  collected  the  previous  night.  Tanya  whistled  in  appreciation.  At  first  glance  there  was  probably  about  five  pounds  and  a  couple  of  silver  rings  as  well,  and  for  Sali,  who  had  never  possessed  more  than  ten  cents  to  her  name  at  any  one  time,  this  was  an  incredible  fortune.
“Wow!!  You’d  better  keep  that  safe  Sal,  until  you  can  talk  to  Jean  Collier.”
Sali  didn’t  understand.  “Why’s  that  then?”
Tanya  had  grasped  the  rudiments  of  commerce  from  her  three  months  as  Prima  of  Toogood,  and  gave  Sali  the  benefit  of  her  superior  knowledge.  “Jean  and  her  mum  are  traders,  and  if  you  give  her,  say  a  pound,  then  she’ll  buy  something  with  that  pound  in  Homestead  and  sell  it  in  Tintown  for  three.”
Sali’s  eyes  were  wide  in  astonishment.  “Three  pounds  for  one?”
Tanya  nodded,  “Yes  but  she  would  give  you  two  and  keep  one  for  herself.”
“Greedy  cow,  that’s  not  right.  that’s  my  money  that  is.”
Tanya  shook  her  head  and  smiled.  “But  it  is  right  Sal.  You’ll  give  her  the  pound  in  Ibis,  she  goes  to  Homestead,  to  Tintown  than  back  to  Ibis  again.  Just  think  about  it.”
Sali  opened  her  mouth  to  speak,  but  quickly  shut  it  again,  frowning  slightly.
Eventually  the  light  of   realisation  came   into  her  eyes.  “Oh,  I  see”  she  said  slowly,  “it’s  West  of  the  Nest.”
“Civilisation,”  they  said  together  and  then  laughed.
They  continued  walking  on  in  silence,  towards  the  bulk  of  Guardians  Nest,  but  away  from  the  rising  sun  and  Basher’s  pink  shirt.

The  Brand girls
Back  at  Algar,  Terri  Brand  was  the  next  to  wake  up,  and  rubbing  her  bleary  eyes  found  her  way  to  the  kitchen  for  a  drink  of  something  stronger  than  water  to  drive  away  the  demons  of  her  nightmares.
Flip,  flap.
She  had  another  sip  and  gazed  into  the  mug,  elbows  on  the  table,  head  in  her  hands,  lost  in  thought.
Flip,  flap.
She  rubbed  her  tired  eyes  again  and  looked  at  the  mountain  of  dirty  pots  that  needed  cleaning  before  the  others  could  be  fed.
Flip,  flap.
The  insistent  noise  gradually  forced  it’s  way  into  her  brain,  and  she  looked  towards  the  door  to  the  great  hall,  frowning  and  wondering  what  it  was.  She  went  to  the  door  and  pushed  it  open,  then  stood  there  while  her  heart  started  to  beat  faster  and  faster.
Flip,  flap.
“Mum,”  she  croaked.
At  the  edge  of  her  vision,  ghostly  shapes  writhed  around  the  room,  but  disappeared  when  she  looked  directly  at  them.
Flip,  flap.
“MUM!”  She  called  louder.
There  was  no  denying  the  source  of  the  strange  noise  though.
Flip,  flap.
“MOTHER!”  she  screamed  out,  and  the  trout,  which  had  been  most  definitely  dead  and  half  eaten  the  previous  night,  continued  to  gasp  and  flap  it’s  tail  weakly  as  it  tried  to  swim  the  cool  waters  of  it’s  poorly  remembered  dreams.
Three  mornings  later,  that  same  fish  was  looking  up  again  at  the  circle  of  faces  and  probably  thinking,  “this  seems  very  familiar,”  while  the  women  looking  down  on  the  ill  used  trout  were  thinking,  “we  are  part  of  a  miracle.”
No  one  had  left  Algar  Springs  since  the  night  of  Sali’s  time  twist,  and  the  pink  washing  had  largely  been  ignored  in  the  presence  of  the  everlasting  trout.
Ginny  wrung  her  hands  together  and  studied  her  knuckles  before  speaking.  “Put  it  back  in  the  little  pond,  and  this  time  we’ll  leave  it  there.  We’ve  eaten  it  twice  already  and  I  say  ‘no  more’,”  She  looked  round  at  the  mixed  company.  “We  all  believe  now,  don’t  we?”
Everyone  murmured  their  agreement,  and  kept  their  eyes  downcast,  not  wanting  to  look  at  the  ghostly  dancers  surrounding  them.
“It’s  enough,”  she  stated  firmly,  and  looked  down  at  her  now  callous  free  hands  yet  again.  “Julie.”
“Yes  mum?”
“You  three  get  off  this  morning.  Take  the  big  wagon  to  Homestead  and  bring  your  sister  back  here.”
There  were  sharp  intakes  of  breath  from  the  Brand  girls.  “Ma  Nesbitt’s  not  going  to  like  it  mum,”  said  Terri,  stating  the  obvious.
“Then  don’t  let  her  see  you  digging  her  up.”  Was  the  sharp  reply.  “I  want  all  my  daughters  here,  with  me,  and  alive.”

Chapter  4
A  Spring  Affair
Caren  Hummingbird  &  Denzil  Sazgood
‘And  in  the  seven  years  following  the  day  of  judgement,  the  great  houses  were  founded  and  chaos  was  banished  from  the  land.’  Caren  rolled  over  on  the  big  bed  and  lay  on  her  back  staring  at  the  ceiling,  one  hand  behind  her  head,  the  other  clasping  her  well  thumbed  prayer  book.  “What  do  you  think  Den?”
“I’m  glad  winter’s  over.  That’s  what  I  think.  I’ve  been  cold  and  wet  for  too  long.”
“Oh,  come  on.  This  is  important  to  me.”
Denny  reached  out  and  gently  squeezed  Caren’s  hand.  “It’ll  be  alright.  You  know  it  will.  Your  father  said  so.  ‘It’s  quantum  my  dear’.”  She  spoke  in  a  good  imitation  of  Caren’s  father.  "'if  it’s  already  happened,  then  it  will  happen  again'."
“It’s  not  funny  either,”  retorted  Caren,  brushing  Denny’s  hand  away.  She  waved  the  little  book,  “They’re  all  in  here.  All  of  them,  except  a  Hummingbird.  Where  is  she?”
Denny  finally  lay  down  beside  Caren.  “Oh,  go  on  then,  read  it  again.”
Caren  turned  a  couple  of  pages  and  squinting  in  the  poor  light,  read  to  her  adopted  sister.  “And  the  first  house  to  rise  was  Deerward  Tower.”
“Fairly  obvious,”  said  Denny  examining  her  nails.  “We’ve  already  met  her,  Dorian  Deerward  at  Dockside,  and  she’ll  use  the  old  tower  on  goat  hill.”
“In  the  same  year,  the  Long  House  was  raised  in  the  East.”
“Obvious  again.  Sylvia  Long,  and  rebuilding  has  already  started,  here  in  Homestead.”
“But  what  about  this  one  then?  ‘Then  the  ivory  tower  became  the  Stronghold.’  What’s  that  all  about?  Never  heard  tell  of  a  ‘Stronghold’,  have  you?”
“The  only  thing  I  can  think  of  is  that  white  monstrosity  near  Altmore.  Saw  it  once,  on  my  way  to  move  in  with  you.  Secretive  lot,  so  mother  said,  always  keep  themselves  to  themselves,  except  in  the  springtime  of  course.”
“After  the  deluge,  the  Margret  of  Valens  welcomed  the  houses  of  La  Via  and  Gap  together  under  her  roof  at  Mollie’s  fountain.  Well  that  speaks  for  itself.”
She  turned  another  page  and  Denny  yawned.
“Pay  attention  Denny.  I  need  you.”
“Sorry  love,  it’s  been  a  long  day.  Must  be  some  rain,  if  they  both  have  to  move.”
Caren  sniffed  before  carrying  on.  “The  House  of  Hummingbird  at  Ibis  was  saved  by  the  naked  warrior  and  the  queen  of  swords.”  She  snapped  the  book  shut  in  despair.  “What  bloody  use  is  that?  How  does  that  help  me  find  my  great,  great  something  grandparents?  It’s  not  fair.”
“Do  you  really  need  to  find  them?  If  it’s  already  happened,  and  from  our  point  of  view  it  has,  then  perhaps  they’ll  find  you.”
Caren  was  silent,  and  Denny  asked  her  to  keep  reading.  She  did  so,  but  with  bad  grace.  “And  Asgard  rose  again  in  the  North.”
“Asgard.  What  sort  of  a name  is  that?  Not  very  Spanish  is  it?”
“Mmmm.  What  if  it’s  ‘Asgard  Rose’,  like  something  to  do  with  that  priestess,  Rocket  Rose.”  There  was  no  comment  forthcoming,  so  Caren  looked  sideways  at  Denny.  “Want  me  to  go  on?”
“Do  it,”  Denny  said  crisply.   “Get  it  over  with.”
Caren  licked  her  lips  and  found  her  place  again  “And  the  unholy  trinity  came  forth  and  founded  the  Sazgood  empire  at  Algar  Springs,  and  no  man  graced  their  halls.”
“Unholy,”  mused  Denny,  who  was,  or  was  going  to  be,  of  the  43rd  generation  of  Sazgoods.  “Fascinating,  but  I’m  not  sure  that  Jo  Tulip  deserves  that,”  she  murmured.  “Maybe  I  do?  I’m   holy,  At  least  I  think  I  am.  You’ve  heard  me  pray,  haven’t  you?”
“Course  I  have  sweet.  You’re  not  ungodly.”  Caren  turned  on  her  side  and  wrapped  her  arms  round  her  sister  and  pulled  her  close.  “Enough  for  tonight,  my  head’s  spinning.  Kiss  me,  then  it’s  sleepy  time.  We’ve  another  big  day  again  tomorrow.”
“Another  big  walk  you  mean.”
“Well  if  you’re  not  up  to  it,  you  can  always  ride  on  the  wagon.”
Denny  smiled,  “cheek!  Not  much  choice  though.  Aching  legs  or  sore  arse.”
“Aching  legs  for  me,”  said  Caren.  “And  it’ll  be  worth  it.  So  they  say.”
“A  moving  picture  show.  Fancy  that.  Wonder  how  he’s  done  it?”
Caren  carefully  blew  out  the  candle.  “It’s  all  done  by  mirrors.”
“Really?”
Caren  smiled  to  herself  in the  darkness.  “No!  go  to  sleep.”
“Caren,”  Denny  whispered.
“What  love?”
“When  we  were  little,  we  used  to  play  at  being  heroes.”
Caren  held  her  lifelong  friend  to  her  and  answered,  “running  through  the  woods  and  fields,  waving  bamboo  swords.”
“Rescuing  your  Ari  and  little  sisters  from  imaginary  monsters.”
“I  know  what  you’re  going  to  say,”  said  Caren.  “Now  it’s  real,  it’s  not  much  fun.”
“More  than  that  Cas.  It’s  frightening  me.  I  want  to  go  home.”
“Hush  darling,  we’ll  get  there.  Eventually.  When  the  Hood  comes  back,  we’ll  have  a  new  time  machine,  and  we  can  look  back  on  this  as  just  another  great  adventure.”
Denny  still  wasn’t  happy.  “In  all  those  games  we  played,  we  never  once  pretended  to  be  the  angels  did  we?”  She  had  become  used  to  the  role  of  ‘Dark  Angel’  but  still  had  bad  dreams,  even  though  the  alien  was  no  longer  in  her  mind.
“No  pet.  But  I  often  wished  I  could  be  the  queen  of  swords  though.  Driving  all  her  enemies  away,  and  saving  the  house  of  Hummingbird.”
Denny  gave  a  small  giggle.  “Remember  when  you  made  Ari  take  all  his  clothes  off?  Told  him  he  was  the  naked  warrior,  and  he  had  to  swim  the  river  to  save  you?”
“Mother  nearly  killed  me,”  laughed  Caren.  “Slippered  me  so  hard,  I  couldn’t  sit  down  for  days.  Said  that  boys  were  more  precious  than  girls  and  I  ought  to  be  left  out  for  the  fairies  to  carry  off.  Scared  me  silly.”
They  lay  in  silence  thinking  about  their  lost  childhood  days.  Then  Caren  broke  the  silence.  “Who  is  the  naked  warrior?”
“Probably  Anton,  or  Marco  maybe.  We  saw  Anton  with  no  clothes  on  during  the  battle  here,  two  years  ago,  and  Marco’s  nearly  naked  all  the  time,  with  that  stupid  barbarian  outfit  he  insists  on  wearing.”
“Marco  then,  stupid  or  not,”  said  Caren  quietly.  “He’s  already  in  Ibis.”
“Probably.”
“Nobody’s  better  than  me  with  a  sword.  Are  they  Denny?”
Denny  paused  before  answering,  “with  a  sword?  You’re  nearly  unbeatable  I  guess,  unless  you  meet  me  when  I’ve  got  a  spear,  but  what  are  you  getting  at?”
“If  I  can’t  find  another  Hummingbird,  then  I’m  the  real  queen  of  swords,  aren’t  I?”
“What  are  you  saying?”  asked  Denny  sharply.
“Simple  logic.  No  other  Hummingbird,  then  I  am  Hummingbird  and  therefore  the  queen  of  swords,  so  I’ll  have  Marco’s  children  and  build  the  damned  tower  myself.”
“Slow  down  there  sis.  That’s  a  serious  step  to  take,  and  I  don’t  think  your  father  would  approve.  You’re  at  least  forty  generations  apart,  and  I’m  not  sure  that  it’s  right.  Or  even  possible.”
“Possible?”  asked  Caren,  frowning  in  the  dark.  “He’s  only  a  man  after  all.”
“But  is  it  quantum  my  dear?  Can  you  actually  be  your  own  ancestor?”
“Don’t  know,  don’t  care,  and  anyway,  I’ve  probably  got  six  years  to  think  about  it.”
They  clung  together  for  a  while,  until  sleep,  troubled  by  dark  dreams,  claimed  them.

Altmore
The  Spring  equinox  was  just  around  the  corner,  so  nights  spent  camping  on  the  roadside  weren’t  too  cold,  just  chilly,  but  always  of  course,  fairly  uncomfortable.  Horses  had  been  made  extinct  by  the  alien’s  biological  weapons,  so  travelling  between  villages  was  mostly  achieved  by  walking  or  by  riding  on  the  ox  carts  with  the  cargo.  Up  in  the  North,  around  Tintown,  a  few  eccentric  folk  had  riding  cattle,  but  they  were  lumbering  ungainly  beasts,  and  not  particularly  good  tempered  either.
Sensible  people  walked,  and  during  the  week  before  the  equinox,  it  seemed  as  if  all  the  world  was  walking  into  Altmore,  which  was  the  site  of  this  years  Spring  fair.
Strategically  placed  near  the  centre  of  Spangerland,  the  South  road  took  you  to  the  fork  where  the  choice  was  South  to  Ibis  and  La  Via,  or  East  to  Guardian’s  Nest  and  the  valleys.  Northwards  took  you  to  Lakeside  and  Tintown,  and  West  led  to  Central,  which  was  Central  by  name  only,  it’s  location  being  furthest  West  of  the  country.
What  was  known  as  ‘the  town’  of  Altmore  was,  well  let’s  say  compact.  A  central  open  square  of  cracked  paving  dotted  with  sad  palm  trees,  was  overlooked  by  half  a  dozen  three  storey  buildings.  The  ground  floors  of  these  were  mostly  used  for  the  various  businesses,  while  the  upper  floors  housed  the  now  growing  families  of  the  more  prosperous  citizens.  There  was  no  proper  town  wall,  but  between  the  buildings,  large  gates  could  shut  off  the  three  roads  leading  to  the  square  and  beyond  this  centre  of  wealth,  the  rest  of  Altmore  lived  in  scattered  smallholdings,  plain  square  houses  in  tired  looking  garden  plots  enclosed  by  brushwood  fences.
The  visitors  from  Gap  walked  into  the  town  through  the  South  gate,  and  were  immediately  accosted  by  women  and  girls,  some  already  trying  to  sell  them  cakes  or  sugared  almonds,  but  others  just  curious  to  see  another  man.  Gap’s  guru  Tammy  Corncrake  with  Susan  Swift  her  ever  present  minder,  and  Margaret  Valence,  did  their  best  to  keep  the  press  of  bodies  away  from  ‘their  man’,  Jimmy  Door.
Jimmy  was  one  of  the  six  male  miners  saved  by  Denny  and  Caren  in  their  time  machine,  and  his  promotion  from  among  the  lower  ranks  of  space  engineering  to  being  one  of  the  six  most  important  people  in  the  known  world  had  been  a  dizzy  and  dangerous  journey  for  him.  Margaret  and  the  girls  from  Gap  guarded  him  jealously.
“Hands  off  girl,”  said  Tammy  to  a  woman  who  reached  out  to  stroke  one  of  Jimmy’s  hairy  arms  in  wide  eyed  wonder.  “When  your  turn  comes,  I’m  sure  they’ll  let  you  know,”  and  then  she  muttered  quietly,  “but  you’ll  probably  have  a  long  wait.”
They  made  slow  progress  through  the  milling  crowd,  not  really  knowing  where  they  were  supposed  to  go,  when  a  voice  from  an  upstairs  window  saved  them.
“Margaret  honey!  Jimmy  boy.  Come  on  up.”
Margaret  looked  up  and  gave  a  big  smile.  “Ricky,”  she  shouted back.  “Where’s  the  door?”
“Through  the  junk  shop,”  and  he  pointed  to  their  left.

After  the  rough  exterior  of  the  building,  and  the  chaos  in  the  ‘junk  shop’,  the  cool  and  opulently  furnished  rooms  came  as  a  surprise  to  them  all,  even  Tammy.
“Another  glass  perhaps?”
“Not  for  me  thankyou,”  replied  Tammy.  “I  need  to  keep  a  clear  head  this  week.”
In  addition  to  the  usual  fun  and  games,  and  meetings  between  old  friends,  this  years  Spring  fair  was  going  to  be  a  steep  learning  curve  for  the  primas,  gurus  and  town  councils.  Margaret  was  going  to  teach  them  something about  the  wonderful  world  of  genetics,  and  was  going  to  try  to  introduce  a  system  whereby  the  boy  children  would  move  to  a  different  village  or  town  when  they  reached  a  certain  age.
The  others  had  no  such  reservations  and  their  smiling  host,  the  town  prima,  Gloria  Fennel,  clapped  her  hands  twice.  A  young  girl  appeared  instantly  from  behind  one  of  the  drapes  covering  the  walls,  as  if  she   had  been  waiting  for  the  summons.
“Another  bottle,  Dolores,”  Gloria  said  slowly.  “A  mistela  this  time  I  think,  and  a  cordial  for  our  distinguished  guru  guest.”
The  girl  nodded  and  rushed  off,  leaving  Gloria  basking  in  the  glory  of  the  others  admiration  for  her  beautiful  clothes.  There  was  possibly  more  material  in  her  dress  than  her  four  visitors  had  on  between  them,  and  her  tall  wig,  decorated  with  silver  combs,  gave  her  ego  a  considerable  boost,  compensating  for  her  lack  of  height.
Dolores  returned  with  two  cold  bottles  which  were  wet  with  condensation.
Margaret  held  her  glass  up  to  the  light,  entranced  by  the  colours.  “Fascinating,”  she  murmured.
“Yes,  Margret?”  queried  the  ever  polite  host.
Margaret  looked  over  towards  Gloria,  who  was  seated  by  the  open  window  and  vigorously  waving  a  plain  fan  in  front  of  her  face.  “Two  years,”  she  mused.  “Two  years  in  Homestead  and  Gap  and  this  is  the  first  real  drinking  glass  that  I’ve  seen.”
“Yes,  things  are  a  little…  primitive  in  the  East,  are  they  not?”  Gloria  did  her  best  not  to  sniff,  as  her  guests  were  in  desperate  need  of  a  good  wash  or  dousing  in  some  very  strong  perfume.
“Primitive?  Yes  I  suppose  so,  but  very  fulfilling.”
“Tell  me  Margret,  how  was  your  journey  here?  Were  you  fulfilled?”
It  was  Jimmy  who  answered.  “Far  from  it  lady.  But  we  have  plans  to  make  it  easier  in  the  future.”
Gloria  raised  her  eyebrows  enquiringly,  but  said  nothing,  and  he  continued.  “If  we  can  get  round  the  rocks  in  the  river  below  Ibis,  then  we  can  sail  all  the  way  from  here  to  La  Via,  and  beyond.”
The  fan  stopped  briefly,  and  then  went  on  even  faster.  “An  admirable  project  I’m  sure,  but  perhaps  the  waggoners  would  not  be  so  keen  to  see  you  succeed.”
Tammy  frowned,  “Waggoners?  You  mean  Fran  Collier?”
“Of  course.  It  could  take  away  some  of  their  trade,  and  they  might  take  exception  to  losing  a  quarter  of  their  income.”
Her  visitors  were  slightly  confused.  Even  Tammy  hadn’t  thought  of  that.
“Whatever  you  do,  you  must  not  underestimate  the  Collier  clan.  They  have,  I  believe,  connections.  But  enough  of   this  idle  gossip,  you  must  be  weary  from  your  travels.”
She  put  down  her  fan  and  clapped  again.  Dolores  appeared  at  another  curtain  and  was  instructed  to  show  them  to  their  room.
“Here  you  are  your  ladyship,”  she  said  with  due  reverence  as  she  opened  the  door  for  them.  “This  is  yours  for  as  long  as  you  require  it,  and  we’ve  been   filling  the  bath  ready  for  you.”
Margaret’s  eyes  widened.  “You’ve  got  a  bath?”  she  said,  astounded  by  such  luxury.
“Yes  your  highness,”  mumbled  the  nervous  girl.  “It’s  in  the  room  at  the  end  there.”  And  she  pointed  down  the  corridor.
“With  hot  water?”  asked  Jimmy,  and  the  girl  answered  plainly,  “why,  yes.”
Margaret  and  Jimmy  looked  at  each  other  excitedly  and  the  others  were  forgotten.
“Mine  first!”  they  yelled  together  and  raced  each  other  towards  the  indicated  door.
“Well!  That’s  no  way  for  a  princess  to  behave,”  exclaimed  the  astonished  maid.
“Tammy  smiled  at  the  girl’s  innocence,  “what  else  can  you  expect  from  royalty.  They’re  not  the  same  as  us  common  folk,  are  they?”
Margaret’s  last  hot  bath  had  been  about  a  year  before,  when  nearly  half  of  Homestead  had  been  afflicted  with  some  nameless  parasite  which  had  defied  all  home  remedies,  and  they  had   finally  been  driven  by  the  itching  to  use  the  mineral  water  spring  at  Algar.  That  had  been  for  medicinal  purposes,  this  time  it  was  sheer  pleasure.
The  peels  of  laughter  and  yells  of  joy  coming  from  the  bathroom  eventually  died  away  and  were  replaced  by  the  sound  of  Jimmy  and  Margaret  singing  to  each  other  out  of  tune  in  the  time  honoured  tradition  of  all  bath  times.
The  door  opened.
“Is  this  a  private  party,  or  can  anyone  join  in?”
“Ricky,”  squealed  Margaret.  “Now  I  know  I’ve  gone  to  heaven.  A  hot  bath  and  my  two  favourite  space  rats  to  wash  my  back.”
Ricky  laughed  at  the  sight  and  sound  of  his  ex-commanding  officer  behaving  like  a  schoolgirl  again.  “Good  grief  girl,  but  you’re  easily  pleased,”  he  chortled,  and  knelt  at  the  side  of  the  bath.
“You  can  do  my  back  as  well,  while  you’re  about  it,”  retorted  Jimmy,  who  was  sat  at  the  opposite  end  of  the  big  wooden  bathtub  to  Margaret.  “But  if  you  don’t  mind,  I’ll  find  the  soap  for  you.  Never  know  what  you’re  likely  to  get  hold  of  down  there.”
Margaret  gave  a  couple  pretend  squeaks  as  he  searched  for  the  elusive  soap  and  the  shuttle  pilot  duly  obliged  them  both  without  any  embarrassment.  After  all,  they’d  lived  together  through  the  alien  invasion  and  it  had  brought  them  closer  together  than  if  they  had  been  family.
“Tell  us  about  your  life  here,”  Margaret  asked,  and  Ricky  proudly  told  them  about  his  two  families  here  and  in  Central.  Seven  children  in  all,  three  boys  and  four  girls,  and  also  five  other  women  who  were  very  pregnant.  Jimmy  then  asked  how  the  women  decided  who  was  going  to  have  his  children.
“Don’t  really  know,  but  Gloria  sorts  all  that  out,”  he  informed  them.  “Girls  come  to  work  in  the  shop  for  a  while,  and  live  here  as  well.”  A  frown  creased  his  brow  momentarily.  “Mostly  we  get  along  just  fine,  but  other  times … it’s  not  so  peaceful.  Pow!”  He  threw  his  hands  in  the  air.  “Fireworks.  Speaking  of  which,  when  Walter  arrives,  tread  carefully,  watch  your  step.  He’s  gone  a  little  strange  and  you  can’t  always  talk  sensibly  to  him  like  in  the  old  days.”
He  could  throw  no  light  on  the  cause  or  extent  of  Walter’s  strangeness,  but  could  answer  Margaret’s  next  question.
“Why,”  she  asked,  “did  that  girl  call  me  ‘highness’,  and  why  does  everyone  insist  that  my  name  is  Margret?  Where’s  the  ‘A’  gone?  It’s  MARGARET  for  heavens  sake.”
“Well  your  highness,”  he  laughed  and  ducked  as  Margaret  splashed  out  at  him.  “I  know  the  story  and  it’s  all  about  word  association.  Maybe  two  hundred  years  ago,  there  was  a  sort  of  king  up  in  Valencia,  but  his  real  title  was  Margrave,  and  his  queen  was  the  Margarine  or  something.  Now  with  your  name  being  Margaret  Valence,  the  good  folk  of  Spangerland  have  decided  that  you’re  the  heir  to  Valencia’s  throne.  Hence  Margret,  or  princess  of  Valens,  or  Valencia.  Simple  when  you  know.”
“Wonder  what  they  thought  when  I  walked  in  dressed  like  a  scarecrow,  with  patched  trousers,  torn  blouse  and  dirty  shoes?”   wondered  Margaret.
“I  bet  they  expected  it,  royalty’s  always  eccentric,”  teased  Jimmy.
“Right,  my  loyal  subjects.  There’s  something  your  eccentric  princess  needs  you  to  do  for  her.”
“And  what  may  that  be,  your  majesty?”  asked  Jimmy.
“Jam  a  chair  under  the  door  handle  Ricky,  there’s  a  good  boy.”
“Why’s  that  my  love?”
She  lifted  a  foot  out  of  the  water  and  rubbed  it  gently  up  and  down  Jimmy’s  chest.  “I’m  going  to  have  Jimmy’s  children  eventually,  but  my  implant  probably  lasts  at  least  another  twelve  months  and  I  haven’t  seen  you  two  together  for  more  than  a  year.”  She  licked  her  lips.  “It’s  party  time  in  the  palace.”

Chapter  5
Moving pictures
Clean  again  and  wearing  clean  clothes,  they  enjoyed  a  lazy  lunch  with  some  of  Ricky’s  ‘family’,  and  made  the  appropriate  oohing  and  aahing  noises  over  the  babies.  Then  he  showed  them  his  workshop.  At  first  glance  it  was  as  jumbled  as  the  second  hand  junk  shop  downstairs,  but  during  the  short  guided  tour,  they  recognised  that  he  had  built,  from  scratch,  some  useful  but  possibly  unreliable  bits  of  equipment.
“And  this?”  asked  Margaret,  pointing  at  what  looked  like  a  microwave  oven.
“Shortwave  radio  transceiver.  When  it’s  powered  up,  I  can  talk  direct  to  Hawk  on  command  level  five.  Not  that  I  can  give  commands  though,  I  don’t  have  the  necessary  access  codes  and  can’t  read  or  speak  Arabic.  But  it’s  useful  to  have  a  direct  link  in  English.  For  weather  reports  and  such  if  nothing  else.”
Margaret  and  Jimmy  were  suitably  impressed,  but  Jimmy  had  a  question.  “Where  does the  power  come  from?”
Ricky  smiled.  “Solar  cells,  on  the  roof.”
“But  where  did  they  come  from?”
“Well,  it’s  supposed  to  be  a  big  secret,  but  up  in  Tintown  they’ve  found  a  warehouse  complex,  which  they’re  slowly  digging  out  and  they  send  the  interesting  bits  here  on  the  weekly  wagon.  Everything  appears  to  be  a  couple  of  centuries  old,  and  batteries  are  turning  out  to  be  a  problem,  so  at  the  moment  I’m  using  some  fairly  big  capacitors  to  even  out  the  current.”
Jimmy  gave  a  low  whistle.  “Bloody  hell.  I  think  that  you’d  better  watch  your  step  my  mad  professor.  Capacitors  are  dangerous  things  to  have  around.”
“So  it’s  daylight  hours  only?”  observed  Margaret.
“ ’Fraid  so.  That’s  why  the  film  show  is  going  to  be  afternoons  only  for  a  while.”
“How  do  you  do  it,  and  where  are  the  films  from?”  asked  Jimmy.
Ricky  gave  a  broad  smile.  “Basic  stuff  really,  from  year  two  of  miss  Dobbs’  science  class.  Cobbled  together  an  amplifier  from  bits  of  this  and  that,  and  used  it  to  link  my  helmet  memory  bank  to  a  liquid  jelly  screen  that  was  found  still  in  it’s  packing.  Hopefully,  everything  will  work  long  enough  to  show  some  of  my  home  movies  and  fabulous  music  collection.  Come  on,  it’ll  soon  be  time  to  open  the  doors.”
“Oh  grief,”  sighed  Jimmy.  “I’ve  been  tortured  by  your  music  before.”
“Wait  a  minute,”  Margaret  said  suddenly.  “Are  you  sure  this  is  safe?  What  about  Hind?  Won’t  she  be  tempted  to  blast  us  all  out  of  existence  when  you  power  it  all  up?  Look  what  happened  to  Burnt  Wood  last  year.”
Ricky  shook  his  head  and  grimaced.  “No,  she’s  gone  cold.  Hawk  says  that  Hood  has  somehow  shut  her  down  from  the  moon  base.”  He  laughed  at  Margaret’s  doubting expression.  “Come  on,  cheer  up  Maggie.  It’s  been  up  and  running  for  about  five  weeks  now,  and  Hawk  says  we’re  absolutely  safe.  Cross  my  heart  and  all  that  stuff.”
She  gave  in  at  last,  and  muttering  a  silent  prayer  for  miss  Dobbs’  teaching  skills,  she  followed  them  to  the  Black  Swan  next  to  Gloria’s  ‘Second  Chance’  junk  shop,  where  the  afternoon’s  entertainment  was  received  by  the  patrons  in  their  usual  boisterous  style.
Two  days  later,  the  delegation  from  the  East  arrived, and  the  noisy  reunions  lasted  well  into  the  evening.  Anton  and  Simon  had  strolled  into  town  escorted  by  eight  women.  Dorian  and  Sami  from  Dockside  along  with  Penny  and  Kate,  the  Crampton  refugees,  were  part  of  Simon’s  extended  family,  while  Sylvia  and  Jade  from  Homestead  were  with  Anton,  and  Caren  and  Denny  were  there  out  of  curiosity.
Anton  passed  his  precious  helmet  to  Ricky  with  a  warning.  “Whatever  you  do,  I  want  it  returned  intact.  All  my  happy  memories  are  in  there,  and  I  want  them  back.”
Everyone  cheered  as  Ricky  took  his  place  behind  his  jury  rigged  control  panel,  and  he  smiled  as  he  waved  to  the  audience.  “Friends,  visitors,  ladies  and  gentlemen …..”  He  had  to  pause  as  several  of  the  women  gave  ear  piercing  wolf  whistles.  “Thankyou  girls.  To  continue,  welcome  to  the  Swan,  where  this  afternoon  we  go  back  in  time  to  observe  the  lives  of  people  in  a  gentler  age.  But  first  you  will  be  transported  all  the  way  to  the  far  off  sea,  and  you  will  be  amazed  at  the  daring  exploits  of  the  sailors  from  Gap  as  they  ride  the  ocean  waves.”  He  fiddled  at  the  controls  and  the  lights  faded.  “I  give  you...  the  fishing  trip.”
The  audience  clapped  politely,  not   knowing  what  to  expect  but  as  the  giant  screen  flickered  into  life  the  whispering  crowd  went  silent.
The  picture  show  began  with  Tammy  waving  on  screen  to  the  camera,  which  had  been  in  Anton’s  helmet.
“That’s  me,  that’s  me,”  giggled  Tammy  excitedly  and  she  waved  back  at  herself.
The  camera  panned  round  to  take  in  the  four  boats  moored  at  the  stone  jetty,  and  several  of  the  crowd   leaned  sideways  as  if  they  too  were  going  round  in  circles.
‘This  is  the  harbour  at  Gap,’  It  was  Anton’s  voice  coming  from  the  twin  speakers,  and  in  the  room  there  was  an  audible  gasp  of  surprise.  ‘and  we  are  taking  the  ketch,  Sunbird  out  to  sea.’  Anton’s  hand  came  into  view  and  he  pointed  towards  the  third  boat,  which  loomed  larger  as  he  walked  towards  it.  ‘This  is  our  crew  for  today.  Say  hello  ladies.’  One  by  one  the  five  sailors  awkwardly  introduced  themselves,  but  then   swung  smoothly  into  action  as  they  prepared  for  the  days  fishing.
And  so  the  show  went  on,  from  the  sheltered  water  of  the  harbour  to  the  swell  of  the  open  sea.  Hoisting  the  sail,  deploying  the  nets,  then  the  back  breaking  work  of  bringing  the  catch  aboard,  and  finally  running  for  home,  lining  up  the  boat  with  the  beacons  on  shore  to  avoid  the  ruins  of  the  sunken  city.
‘And  here  we  are,  safe  and  sound  back  on  dry  land.  Why  don’t  you  join  me  in  Morgan’s  for  a  jug  of  ale.  All  that  hard  work  has  left  me  with  a  raging  thirst.’
The  open  door  of  Morgan’s  tavern  came  into  view  and  the  film  ended.
“Thankyou  ladies  and  gentlemen,”  shouted  Ricky  above  the  clapping  and  cheering.
“There  will  now  be  a  short  interval  while  I  sort  out  the  next  film,  so  why  don’t  you  take  the  opportunity  to  fill  your  glasses  again.  All  that  work  must  have  left  you  with  a  thirst  as  well.”  
Laughter  filled  the  room,  just  as  Ricky  had  intended,  and  the  bar  was  suddenly  busy  with  noisy  customers  again,  chattering  excitedly  about  what  they  had  just  seen.
Anton  nodded  thoughtfully.  “We’ll  have  to  negotiate  a  better  price  for  our  films  in  future,”  he  said  to  no  one  in  particular.
“What  do  you  mean,  big  boy,”  asked  Margaret.
“When  he  got  in  touch  with  me,  through  Hawk,  about  making  a  seafaring  documentary,  he  didn’t  mention  that  he  was  going  to  get  rich.  Look  at  them,”  and  his  eyes  swept  the  room.  “They’re  paying  to  see  a  news  report.  This  could  be  the  start  of  a  very  profitable  line  of  business,  and  you  can  ignore  all  that  ‘lets  go  for  a  drink’  business.  I  was  as  sick  as  a  dog  recording  that  one.  Jimmy  can  go  next  time.”
Jimmy  made  a  disapproving  noise,  sucking  air  in  between  his  teeth.  “Oh  no  no  no,”  he  intoned,  shaking  is  head.  " ’Fraid  not  my  son.  I  might  live  by  the sea,  but  I’ll  be  damned  if  I’m  going  on  it."
“Why  Jimmy,”  teased  Simon,  “not  afraid  of  a  little  bit  of  water  are  you?”
Jimmy  shook  his  head.  “The  water’s  fine.  It’s  all  that  up  and  down  stuff  I  can’t  be  doing  with.”
“Really?”  said  Margaret  and  took  a  demure  sip  of  her  beer.  “I  thought  you  were  really  rather  good  at  up  and  down.”
The  group  round  the  table  waited  expectantly  for  Jimmy’s  reply,  but  Margaret  spoke  again.  “Well  you  were  the  other  afternoon,  anyway.”
The  ensuing  laughter  made  the  other  punters  look  round,  just  in  time  to  see  Simon  fall  off  his  stool.  He  got  to  his  feet  again  still  laughing  while  Dorian  looked  on,  not  understanding  the  innuendo,  and  the  other’s  laughter  rose  to  new  heights  at  the  sight  of  her  quizzical  expression.
“I’ll  tell  you  later  dear,”  whispered  Margaret.
Ricky  saved  them  from  further  embarrassment.  “Ladies  and  gentlemen.”
The  crowd  turned  their  attention  to  the  stage  again,  and  Ricky  continued.  “Take  your  seats  once  more  for  a  rare  treat.  You  are  now  going  to  witness  a  very  special  event  and  I  can  promise  you  that  none  of  you.”  His  pointing  finger  swept  round  the  room.  “None  of  you  have  ever  seen  the  like  of  this  before.  With  special  thanks  to  Anton,  the  Swan  is  proud  to  present  the  first  ever  public  showing  of  the  marriage  between  Anton’s  sister,  the  beautiful  Susanna  Defusto,  and  her  handsome  fiancé,  Rodrigo  Campanile.”
He  started  the  film  and  the  audience  were  spellbound  at  the  sight  of  Susanna  in  a  peach  wedding  gown,  with  her  six  bridesmaids  in  attendance.
Anton  stood  up  and  quietly  left  the  room,  followed  closely  by  Margaret.
“OK  Tony?”
He  nodded.  “Can’t  watch  it  in  public  is  all,”  he  answered  quietly.  “Thought  I  was  over  it,  but…”  His  voice  trailed  off.
“I  know  sugar,”  whispered  Margaret.  “Let’s  sit  here  and  admire  the  scenery.”
They  sat  on  the  bench  to  the  side  of  the  Swan’s  front  door,  not  quite  touching,  not  quite  talking,  and  watched  the  women  across  the  square  trying  to  make  a  profit  from  the  passers  by.
“That  wedding  was  five  years  ago,  for  you  and  me,”  he  said  suddenly.  “And  because  of  that  bloody  time  machine,  it  was  two  thousand  years  ago  as  well.”
She  reached  out  and  held  his  hand.  He  didn’t  resist  and  a  tear  rolled  down  his  cheek.
“I  sometimes  wonder  what’s  the  point  of  it  all?  Has  it  been  worth  it,  all  those  deaths  all  that  time  ago  and  yet  when  everyone  we  ever  knew  has  been  long  gone,  we’re  still  here,  showing  pictures  of  fairy  tale  weddings  to  the  natives.”
“Shhh.  Don’t  talk  like  that.  Don’t  ever  talk  like  that.  Life  is  a  gift  to  be  cherished,  and  you’re  more  precious  to  us,  to  me,  than  you’ll  ever  know.”
“But  why?”  he  continued.  “Why  should  I  still  be  here  when  they’ve  all gone?  What  gives  me  the  right  to  still  be  alive?”
Margaret  swore  silently  to  herself.  ‘not  again’,  she  thought.  “We’ve  been  through  all  this  before,  and  nothing  has  changed  from  last  time.”
She  nudged  him.  “Has  it?”  she  demanded.
He  reluctantly  shook  his  head,  “no,”  he  whispered.  “It’s  just…  I  don’t  know,  it  seems  so  unfair,”  he  finished  lamely.
Margaret  snorted.  “Unfair  be  damned.  You  take  what  life  offers  and  grab  it  with  both  hands.”  She  made  a  grasping  motion  with  her  free  hand.  “You  get  one  chance  at  life  and  you  live  it  the  best  way  you  can,  for  yourself  and  for  your  friends.  You’re  a  long  time  dead  Tony,  and  I  need  you  alive.  I  can’t  sort  out  this  crazy  world  without  your  help.”
They  sat  in  silence  a  while  longer  and  after  a  suitable  time  she  put  her  hand  to  his  cheek.  “Alright  now,  or  shall  I  have  to  slap  you?”
He  smiled  and  shook  his  head.  “Not  this  time  love,”  he  replied.
She  reached  up  and  kissed  his  forehead.  “Good.  And  get  a  shave  pet,  your  cheek’s  like  sandpaper.”
A  girl  rushed  up  and  threw  herself  onto  the  bench  beside  Anton,  then  looked  round  wildly  before  thrusting  a  straw  bonnet  at  Margaret.
“Buy  a  hat  lady?”  she  asked  breathlessly.  “It’s  good  stuff.  Quality  reeds,  not  grass.”
Margaret  warded  off  the  proffered  hat,  “no  thankyou,  I’ve  no  need  of  one.”
“But  you  have  lady,”  the  girl  insisted,  looking  round  again.  “With  your  fair  skin,  you  need  a  bit  of  protection.  Sun’s  getting  hotter  and  I  wouldn’t  want  you  to  burn.”
Margaret  smiled  at  the  girl’s  sales  talk.  Margaret  had  a  dark  complexion,  like  the  girl’s,  and  her  small  cap  was  tucked  in  her  belt  and  obviously  visible.
“Just  look  at  it.  Please?”  insisted  the  girl,  in  a  frightened  voice.
Anton  took  the  hat  from  her  and  obligingly  turned  it  over  in  his  hands.  “Two  of  them,  to  the  right.  Don’t  look.  Look  at  me  and  tell  me  about  this  interesting  weave.”
The  surprised  but  relieved  girl  told  him  some  unlikely  story  about  the  reeds  being  picked  at  midnight  for  the  best  quality  and  continued  to  make  it  up  until  Anton  stopped  her.  “They’re  gone,”  he  told  her.  “What  have  you  done?”
She  put  on  an  indignant  tone.  “Me?  Why  nothing  sir.”
Anton  raised  his  eyebrows  and  waited.
“Well,  there  was  a  bit  of  a  mix  up  at  the  bakery  and  some  pies  seem  to  have  gone  missing,”  she  informed  him.  “They  think  that  I  had  something  to  do  with  it.  Cheek.”
“What’s  your  name  girl?”  asked  Margaret.  “And  where  do   you  live?”
“Daisy,  mistress,”  she  answered  reluctantly,  “and  I  live  out  of  town  with  my  friend.”  She  waved  vaguely  towards  the  West  gate  but  her  eyes  told  Margaret  another  story.  “She’s  very  sick  and  I  have  to  buy  medicines  for  her.”
Margaret  fumbled  in  her  purse.  “Here  Daisy,  take  this  as  a  gift  from  Gap.”
Daisy’s  eyes  lit  up  and  she  held  out  the  bonnet  to  Margaret.
“No,  you  keep  the  hat,  but  one  day,  somebody  might  want  a  favour  from  you,  and  I  want  you  to  do  it  for  them  in  exchange  for  this  one.”
Daisy  frowned  but  accepted  the  few  coins,  said  thankyou  and  farewell  then  sped  off  in  the  opposite  direction  to  the  two  women  apparently  searching  for  her.
“Wonder  what  she’s  really  done,”  mused  Anton  as  they  watched  her  go  through  the  South  gate.
“Probably  never  know,”  answered  Margaret,  “but  I  wish  her  luck.  Ricky  told  me  all  about  the  street  brats.  Orphans,  most  of  them.  Unwanted,  unloved  and  struggling  to  survive.”
“Perhaps  we  killed  their  kinfolk  at  Asher’s  farm  last  year.”
“Christ,  that’s  all  we  need.  Another  reason  for  you  to  go  on  a  guilt  trip.”
“Perhaps  you’d  better  slap  me  now  doctor.”
Margaret  looked  round  quickly  at  him  but  saw  that  he  was  smiling  at  her.
“Teasing  bugger,”  she  said  and  duly  obliged  his  request,  slapping  his  face  just  a  little  too  hard.
“Ouch!”  he  yelped,  eyes  wide  and  rubbing  his  cheek.  “That  hurt!”
“Oh,  sorry  love.  Well  if  you’re  a  good  boy,”  she  whispered,  “I’ll  kiss  it  better  for  you,  later.  Much  later,”  and  she  squeezed  his  hand  affectionately.
“Promise  you  won’t  tell  Billie?”
“Guides  honour,”  she  replied  laughing,  then  went  serious  again.  “Why  aren’t  Billie  or  Georgie  here  with  you?  There’s  usually  one  or  the  other  minding  you.”
“Too  much  work  on,”  he  replied  and  shrugged.
She  nodded,  “oh  of  course,  they’re  rebuilding  Homestead.”
He  nodded  his  agreement.  “Not  just  Homestead.  Algar  Springs  has  doubled  in  size  since  you  saw  it  last  and  we’re  flat  out  making  nails.”
“Nails?”
Another voice  answered,  “long  nails,  short  nails,  round  nails  and  flat  nails.  You  go  into  the  forge  at  your  own  risk.  There’s  a  good  chance  of  falling  over  boxes  of  nails  and  piles  of  leather  harness.  They’re  everywhere.”
They  looked  round.  People  were  leaving  the  Swan  and  it  was  Simon  who  had  spoken.
“Hi  Simon,  enjoy  the  show?”  asked  Margaret.
“Yeh,  good  stuff,”  he  confirmed  and  held  up  Anton’s  helmet.  “Can  I  use  it  Tony?  To  film  this  for  the  folks  back  home,”  and  he  swept  his  arm  round  to  indicate  the  square.  “I’m  sure  Ma  Nesbitt  would  like  to  see  all  this.”
“Perhaps  you  could  sell  it  to  Ricky,”  added  Margaret.  “for  when  he  takes  his  show  to  Central?  Then  you  could  be  rich  as  well.  All  those  nails  and  now  a  film  director.”
Anton  laughed  briefly.  “Not  much  profit  in  nails,”  he  growled.  “You  know  that  in  Homestead  you  get  paid  in  chickens  or  eggs,  or  god  forbid,  vegetables.”
“And  Algar?”  queried  Margaret.
He  nodded  slowly.  “Well  they  pay  in  coin,  mostly,  but  there’s  not  much  trade  there  yet.  I  think  they’ll  be  big  business  in  the  future  though.  Maybe.”
“Bloody  hell,  look  at  this  folks.  Just  see  who’s  making  a  grand  entrance.”
They  turned  round  to  see  where  Simon  was  looking.  He  had  the  helmet  on  and  was  facing  towards  the  South  gate.  They  stood  to  get  a  better  view  and  watched  as  the  crowd  parted  to  let  three  incredible  figures  in  flowing  robes  come  through  their  midst.
Margaret  laughed  briefly.  “Last  time  I  saw  her  wearing  something  like  that  was  in  Ibis  town  hall,  and  she  knocked  me  off  my  stool.”  She  rubbed  her  chin  at  the  memory.  “Never  saw  it  coming.”
Anton  frowned.  “Who  is  it  then?”
“Tanya  Vine  of  course.  Don’t  you  recognise  who’s  with  her?”
Anton  laughed  out  loud.  “Well  I  don’t  believe  it,  it’s  Marco.  Where’d  he  get  those  fancy  pants  from?”
Tanya,  Marco  and  Margo  Lemon  from  Ibis  were  decked  out  in  clothes  made  from  the  rolls  of  shining,  multicoloured  material  that  Tanya  had  found  in  the  San  Juan  tunnel.
Firenza  Nutbush  trailed  behind  them,  dressed  as  usual  in  her  deerskin  skirt  and  jacket.  When  the  others  had  got  changed  at  their  lodgings  on  the  South  side,  she  had  turned  down  the  offer  of  the  red  outfit,  saying  that  bright  colours  didn’t  suit  her  complexion.
They  made  their  way  through  the  astonished  crowd  and  came  to  a  halt  in  front  of  the  Swan  where  Marco  gallantly  flicked  away  some  imaginary  dust  from  the  seat  next  to  Margaret  with  a  white  handkerchief.
“Milady,  would  you  care  to  sit  here  awhile?”
Tanya  inclined  her  head  slightly.  “Why  thankyou  Marco  dahling,  I  do  believe  I  would.”  Then  she  turned  to  Margaret  and  winked.  “Hi  Mags,  What  do  you  think  to  the  shiny  stuff?  We’re  going  into  the  clothing  business.”
“Well  thank  the  Lord  for  that,”  replied  Margaret  in  relief.  “Thought  you  two  had  gone  and  got  ideas  above  your  station.  And  don’t  call  me  ‘Mags’.”
“Sorry  love,”  then  to  Firenza,  “Fizz,  get  us  a  drink  will  you  pet,  I’m  parched.”
She  addressed  Margaret  again,  “thought  we’d  better  dress  up  for  the  occasion,  don’t  want  them  thinking  that  we  go  around  in  rags,  do  we?”
Margaret  glanced  down  at  her  patched  trousers  and  winced,  but  kept  quiet.
Across  the  square,  a  young  woman  slowly  released  her  angry  companions  wrist,  and  the  knife  slid  back  into  it’s  sheath.  “Not  yet,”  she  hissed.  “Run  back  and  tell  her  that  the  curly  haired  bitch  has  arrived.  I’ll  watch  her,  see  where  she’s  headed.  Then  it’s  our  turn.”
The  other  nodded,  rubbing  her  sore  wrist  and  sped  off  towards  the  North  gate.

Chapter  6
Musical  interlude
“Come  on  Tony,”  Margaret  pleaded,  “say  yes.  You  know  you  can  do  it.”
As  big  and  powerful  as  he  was,  Anton  squirmed  under  Margaret’s  intense  gaze.  “I’ve  never  done  it  in  public  before  though,”  he  complained.
“Neither  have  Simon  and  Jimmy,  but  they’re  going  to  do  it  for  me.”
He  still  refused  to  commit  himself  and  Margaret  lowered  her  head  and  whispered  in  his  ear.  “You’re  as  good  as  them  lover.”
“Yes  but…”
“I  need  you  Tony,”  she  breathed,  “they’re  both  tenors  and  I  know  you  can  sing  a  lovely  baritone.  I’ve  heard  you.”
“But...”
She  finally  gave  in  with  the  softly  softly  approach.  “Do  it,”  she  snapped,  “or  I’ll  make  sure  that  Billie  finds  out  what  a  bad  boy  you’ve  been.”
His  eyes  grew  wide  with  surprise.  “You  wouldn’t,”  he  declared.
“Wouldn’t  I?”
“No.  Would  you?”
"Would  too,"  she  answered  affirmatively,  and  put  on  an  affected   voice.  "Oh,  Billie,  guess  what  Tony’s  been  doing  with  all  those  exotic  foreign  girls.  Is  that  what  you  want?"  she  said  severely,  "because  that’s  what  you’ll  be  getting."
Anton  studied  her  face  for  some  sign  that  she  was  bluffing,  then  sighed  and  gave  in  to  the  inevitable.
Margaret  playfully  tweaked  his  ear  and  kissed  him  on  the  cheek.  “You  won’t  regret  it,”  she  said  mischievously,  “we’re  gonna  knock  ’em  dead.  Now  let’s  get  dressed  and  go  find  the  others.  I  know  two  verses  already  and  you’ll  only  have  to  do  the  chorus.”
Each  group  attending  the  Spring  fair  was  expected  to  take  a  turn  at  entertaining  the  others,  and  Gloria  had  announced  that  in  honour  of  the  time  travellers  from  the  distant  past,  any  songs  should  be  as  old  as  possible.  Margaret  had  gone  through  the  small  music  library  stored  in  her  helmet  and  found  a  very  old  piece.
“What  about  musicians?”  Anton  asked  when  they  were  dressed  and  leaving  Margaret’s  room.  “Who’s  going  to  play  for  us?”
Margaret  gave  a  little  smile  as  she  answered,  “don’t  need  musicians  lover,  we’ll  be  doing  it  acapella.”
He  shook  his  head  as  they  left  the  building,  “scarier  by  the  minute,”  he  muttered.
They  stopped  and  looked  across  the  deserted  square,  then  Margaret  realised  the  reason  for  the  lack  of  townsfolk  going  about  their  usual  business.
“North  field,”  she  said  as  a  faint  cheer  came  from  that  direction.  “It’s  the  archery  competition.  Let’s  go  and  see  how  our  lovely  ladies  are  getting  on.”
They  walked  in  silence  for  a  short  way,  then  the  aromas  of  morning  hit  them.
“I  suppose  I’ll  have  to  buy  you  a  breakfast  again?”
Anton  smiled  broadly.  “Whoy,  Margaret,  tha’s  ver’  decent  of  you,”  he  said  in  a  very  bad  ‘local’  accent.  “Oi  don’  carry  cash  with  me  ma’am,  what  with  me  being  from  the  country  an’  all.”
She  punched  him  on  the  arm.  “Shut  up  Tony  from  the  country,  or  you’ll  go  hungry.”
He  rubbed  his  arm  ruefully.  “Well  then,”  he  said  slyly,  “perhaps  I  might  have  something  about  me  that  I  could  trade  with  these  lovely  ladies  for  a  taste  of  their  delicious  wares,”  and  he  patted  his  pockets  in  an  exaggerated  search  for  that  elusive  ‘something’.
“You  behave  yourself.  Keep  your  genes  in  your  jeans.”
“Yes  ma’am,”  he  answered  briskly,  and  saluted  with  a  wide  sweep  of  his  right  hand.
“I  mean  it  Tony,”  She  said  earnestly,  “it’s  important  to  get  the  gene  pool  organised.”
He  nodded  his  agreement.  “Only  joking  Maggie.  I’ve  got  more  sense  than  to cause  trouble  like  that.”
Margaret  shook  her  head  slightly.  “What  do  you  fancy  then?”
He  glanced  briefly  round  the  multicoloured  stalls.  “anything  really,  so  long  as  it  doesn’t  have  almonds  in.”
She  was  surprised  by  his  statement.  “I  thought  you  liked  almonds,”  she  said  slowly.  “I’ve  seen  you  eating  almonds.  I’m  sure  I  have.”
“Yes,  but  not  all  the  time,”  he  said  vehemently.  “Haven’t  you  noticed?  They  put  them  in  absolutely  everything.  It’s  overdose  on  nuts  time  round  here,  and  they  even  use  it  in  that  so  called  ‘beauty  cream’.”  He  pointed  to  a  green  and  white  striped  stall  loaded  with  small  pots  and  jars.  “They  eat  them  by  the  bucket  full  and  then  slap  almond  oil  on  their  skin  as  well,  for  heaven’s  sake.  I’m  sure  it  can’t  be  healthy.”
“But  you’re  Portuguese,  I  thought  it  was  part  of  your  diet.”
“And  you’re  Scottish,  but  I  haven’t  seen  you  eating  haggis.”
“Well,”  she  said  slowly,  “Scottish,  yes,  but  only  just.  I  was  born  near  the  South  of  the  buffer  zone,  in  Hartlepool.  I  like  porridge  though.”
His  eyes  lit  up.  “No  excuses,”  he  laughed,  “all  Scots  eat  haggis,  all  English  eat  roast  beef  and  in  Hartlepool,  they  eat  bananas.”
“Ooh  you’re  heading  for  a  good  smack  now,  Anton  Defusto.  You’re  Portuguese  so  you  must  like  almonds.  End  of  argument.”  The  meaning  of  his  last  statement  finally  struck  home.  “Wait  a  minute,  how  do  you  know  about  the  bananas?”  she  demanded.
He  jogged  away  laughing  and  she  chased  him  along  the  line  of  market  stalls,  finally  catching  up  with  him  when  they  met  Simon,  who  presented  Anton  with  a  small  square  of  card  covered  in  tiny  handwriting.  Explaining  that  it  was  the  best  he  could  do  at  short  notice.
“Gaudy  tea,  Christus  est  natus,  ex  Maria?  And  what  on  earth  is  this  word?”
Simon  took  over  and  spoke  the  words  of  the  chorus  as  his  free  hand  indicated  the  beat  of  the  tune.  In  the  end,  he  sang  it  softly  to  a  frowning  Marco.

Somewhere,  in  a  place  that  was  one  tiny  step  sideways  from  reality  as  we  know  it,  the  song  echoed  faintly  round  a  dark  room,  and  at  last  it  came  to  the  notice  of  a  creature  whose  job  it  was  to  listen  for  and  categorise  this  type  of  input.  The  creature  sent  a  runner  down  a  long  corridor  to  report  to  a  certain  room  number,  and  sat  there,  wondering  what  the  future  would  hold  now.
Eventually,  in  room  678,  the  man  turned  to  the  woman.  “Listen  mother,”  he  said.  “They’re  singing  our  song.”
She  listened  dutifully.  “What  language  is  that?”  she  queried.

“What  language  is  that?”  asked  Anton.  His  frown  getting  deeper  by  the  minute.
Margaret  grinned.  “Latin,”  she  said  gleefully,  “and  that’s  a  bonus.  Forget  the  words  and  you  can  make  it  up  as  you  go  along.”

In  room  678,  the  woman  spoke.  “Earth  then,  and  I  thought  we  had  finished  there.”
“Apparently   not.”  He  sat  in  thought  for  a  moment.  “Do  you  know  if  there  are  any  messengers  available,  mother?”
She  shook  her  head  ruefully.  “Your  father  has  given  most  of  them  other  missions.”
“Most  of   them?”
She  nodded.
“So  who  is  still  here  then?”
She  gave  him  a  knowing  smile  as  she  answered,  “the  French  girl.”
“Oh.”
“Ask  her,”  she  suggested.  “I  am  sure  she  can  do  it.  She  is  over  it  now,”  and  she  held  out  her  hand  towards  the  door.
The  door  opened  silently  and  a  young  girl  entered.  “Yes  Lord?”
“Do  you  love  your  enemies  Joan?”
“I  do  not  hate  them  Lord.”
The  woman  smiled  encouragingly  at  her  son,  and  he  nodded  his  approval.  “We  have  a  small  task  for  you  young  maid.  Will  you  do  it  willingly,  and  in  good  spirit?”

“I  still  think  it’s  crazy,”  moaned  Anton  as  he  gave  up  trying  to  pronounce  the  ancient  words  to  Ricky’s  satisfaction.
“Plenty  of  time,  we’ll  not  be  doing  it  for  a  day  or  two.  We’ll  go  somewhere  private  later  on  and  try  it  out  properly,”  said  Margaret.  “But  first,  I’ll  still  buy  you  that  breakfast,  even  though  you  insist  on  insulting  me  all  the  time.”
After  discussing  the  pro’s  and  con’s  of  the  local  stalls,  they  decided  that  toast  and  marmalade  was  probably  safest,  and  they  sat  on  the  grass  watching  the  proceedings.
Four  more  archers  stepped  forward  to  a  round  of  scattered  applause,  and  stepped  over  the  low  fence  to  take  their  positions  for  the  next  elimination  round.
Margaret  was  on  the  verge  of  asking  if  anyone  knew  who  the  archers  were,  when  someone  stopped  next  to  her  and  cast  their  shadow  across  her  face.
She  turned  and  blinked  in  the  bright  sunlight,  and  raised  her  hand  to  shade  her  eyes.  Squinting,  she  said  slowly,  “Walter?”  and  leapt  to  her  feet.
Walter  stood  before  her,  wearing  baggy  black  trousers  tied  at  the  waist  with  a  plaited  leather  belt,  white  shirt,  soft  black  shoes,  and  sunglasses  which  had  round  blue  lenses  and  gold  frames.
“Walter,”  she  repeated,  “how  are  you?”  and  held  out  one  hand  towards  him.
There  were  two  young  women  with  him,  in  the  same  colours  but  with  skirts  and  ankle  boots,  and  carrying  long  heavy  canes.  The  taller  of  the  pair  stepped  between  Margaret  and  Walter.
“No  touching,”  she  stated  flatly.  “None  but  the  chosen  may  touch  the  Lakeside  man.”
Margaret  took  a  small  step  backwards  and  held  her  hands  up  apologetically,  noticing  that  both  women  had  immediately  put  their  right  hands  onto  their  knife  hilts.
She  swallowed  nervously.  “OK  sister,  back  off,”  then  to  Walter,  “It’s  been  too  long  since  we  last  saw  you,  Walter.”
She  could  discern  no  readable  expression  on  his  face  as  he  answered  her.
“Is  it  Easter  yet?”  he  said  in  a  low  voice.  “I  haven’t  had  my  egg.  Where’s  Jimmy  then?  I  bet  he  gets  an  egg.  Always  lucky  with  eggs  was  Jimmy.”
He  turned  and  walked  slowly  away,  towards  and  then  past  the  archery  field,  his  two  escorts  occasionally  turning  round  to  scowl  menacingly  in  Margaret’s  direction.
“What  the  hell  was  that  all  about?”  blurted  out  Anton.

Over  by  the  fence  there  was  laughter,  quickly  stifled,  as   one  of  the  archers  failed  to  hit  the  target  which  was  about  fifty  paces  distant.
Three  of  the  Lakeside  women  were  watching,  and  they  made  insulting  comments  as  Tanya  Vine  stepped  back  from  the  mark.
“Doesn’t  seem  to  be  at  her  best  today  does  she?”  commented  one,  loud  enough  for  Tanya  to  hear,  but  she  ignored  them  and  turned  the  bow  this  way  and  that,  looking  for  any  obvious  defects.
“Thought  Homestead  brats  were  supposed  to  be  something  special,”  suggested  another.
Tanya  carefully  unstrung  the  borrowed  bow  and  fitted  another  cord.
“Hey,  homey  bird,  Is  that  the  best  you  can  do?”  called  out  the  third,  who  thought  she  could  win  the  contest,  if  only  that  bloody  Jade  wasn’t  here.  “I  could  do  better  than  that  blindfolded.”
Tanya  took  the  bait  at  last,  and  snapped  back,  “be  careful  who  you’re  insulting,  hopalong,  you  may  regret  it  one  day.”
Sonia’s  left  leg  had  been  badly  injured  in  the  battle  at  Asher’s  farm,  and  she  tried  constantly  to  hide  the  limp  that  she  had  been  left  with,  so  at  Tanya’s  riposte  she  started  forward,  throwing  down  her  bow,  snarling  and  scrabbling  for  her  dagger,  but  her  two  friends  grabbed  her  by  the  arms.
“Not  here,  not  now,”  hissed  Conti,  as  she  and  Solidad  struggled  to  hold  her  back.

Messenger
The  morning  didn’t  get  any  better  for  Tanya  as  the  borrowed  bow  seemed  to  have  a  mind  of  it’s  own,  sending  arrows  in  the  general  direction  of  the  target,  but  with  little  accuracy.  Although,  at  one  point,  if  someone  had  been  close  enough,  they  would  have heard  Fizz  whisper  to  Tanya,  “don’t  make  it  too  sodding  obvious,  you’ve  got  to  hit  the  target  sometimes.”
So  Tanya  was  eliminated  from  the  contest,  being  almost  the  worst  archer  of  the  day,  and  shortly  after  noon,  she  was  approached  by  Margaret  with  a  request.  Could  Tanya  please  go  to  see  cousin  Consuela  and  suggest  that  Walter  would  benefit  from  some  male  company,  and  could  he  meet  the  others  in  the  town  church.  Pretty  please?
Naturally,  Tanya  was  worried  at  the  thought  of  going  to  the  Lakesider’s  house,  especially  after  the  exchange  with  Sonia,  but  Margaret  persuaded  her  to  go,  with  Fizz  for  company,  and  along  the  way  they  were  joined  by  Jade  and  Margo.

Tanya  swallowed  nervously  and  tried  not  to  fidget  under  the  unwavering  gaze  of  the  five  Lakesiders  standing  around  the  room.  She  turned  away  from  them  to  look  out  of  the  window,  but  the sight  of  Jade  and  Margo  standing  by  the  gate  gave  her  little  comfort.  Firenza  had  no  such  fears,  although  her  right  hand  was  never  far  from  the  pocket  where  she  kept  her  best  friend.  Her  ‘friend’  was  made  of  four  heavy  brass  rings  welded  together,  which  slipped  easily  onto  her  fingers,  like  a  piece  of  ornate  jewellery.  Unlike  jewellery,  which  was  supposed  to  be  pleasing  to  the  eye,  this  was  designed  to  inflict  maximum  damage  possible,  and  to  instil  fear  into  an  opponent  when  they  saw  it.
At  last  the  inner  door  opened.  “Cousin  Consuela  will  see  you  now.”
Gratefully,  they  followed  the  skivvy  to  a  small  courtyard  where  Consuela  was  seated  on  a  straight  backed  chair.  In  contrast  to  the  heat  of  noon  on  a  spring  day,  the  courtyard  was  noticeably  cooler,  the  energetic  fountain  in  the  centre  no  doubt  contributing  to  the  drop  in  temperature,  and  the  two  tall  palm  trees  providing  shady  spots  for  the  weary  to  rest  in  comfort.
Lakeside’s  cousin,  or  leader,  was  indulging  in  the  luxury  of  a  foot  massage,  a  young  girl  kneeling  on  the  floor  before  her,  rubbing  scented  oils  into  her  heels  and  soles.
“Welcome  to  our  humble  lodgings,  cousin  Tanya,”  said  Consuela.  “Or  do  you  prefer  prima?”  She  smiled  warmly  at  her  visitors.  “No  matter  really.  They  mean  the  same  thing  after  all.  Spanish,  English,  Spanglish,  we  all  speak  the  same  language.”
“Err…”  Tanya  was  surprised  and  lost  for  words.  She  had  always  thought  that  ‘prima’  meant  something  like  ‘first’,  or  ‘best’.  Prima  meant  cousin?  How  disappointing.
“How  rude  of  me,”  continued  Consuela.  “Do  be  seated  dear,  and  have  some  refreshment.”  She  indicated  the  padded  chair  next  to  her  own  and  Tanya  stepped  round  the  kneeling  girl  and  carefully  sat  in  the  delicate  looking  chair.
“A  seat  for  the  noble  companion,”  Consuela  said  to  no  one  in  particular,  and  the  skivvy  came  forward  and  placed  a  low  stool  by  the  fountain,  then  fetched  a  tray  of  drinks  and  small  fruits.
Tanya  took  a  glass  and  nervously  whispered  her  thanks.
The  woman  dressed  all  in  black  behind  Consuela  bent  and  whispered  in  her  leader’s  ear,  and  Tanya’s  enhanced  hearing  picked  out  the  word  ‘dress’.
“Ah,  yes,  thank  you  Sybil.”  She  turned  her  attention  to  Tanya’s  slightly  soiled  dress.  “I  hear  that  your  new  style  of  dress  has  attracted  some  attention  in  the  town,  and  some  marriage  ceremonies  are  being  planned,  even  as  we  speak?”
Tanya  breathed  a  sigh  of  relief.  A  safe  subject  to  start  with.  “Yes,  err…  cousin  Consuela.  Since  the  film  show,  the  women  here  have  taken  a  fancy  to  be  wedded  to  Ricardo  and  we’ve  been  asked  to  make  some  gowns  for  cousin  Gloria,  so  we  plan  to  start  on  them  as  soon  as  we  return  to  Ibis.”
“Cousin  Gloria  has  a  good  eye  for  fashion,  I’m  sure,  and  where  Altmore  leads  then  we  should  be  happy  enough  to  follow.”
Tanya  nodded  wisely,  not  sure  what  to  say.
“We  must  talk  business  before  you  leave  for  home,  prima  Tanya,  as  a  selection  of  gowns  in  this  marvellous  material  should  surely  be  a  welcome  addition  to  Lakeside’s  streets.”  She  took  a  sip  of  wine  then  suddenly  said,  “oh  look  at  your  poor  hands,”  and  took  Tanya’s  right  hand  in  her  own.  “Look  at  this,  Ana,”  she  said  to  the  girl  at  her  feet,  who  dutifully  examined  Tanya’s  broken  nails.
“Clean,  file,  buff,  paint  and  polish.  12  minutes  tops,”  said  Ana  confidently  and  at  Consuela’s  slight  nod,  went  to  collect  her  nail  kit.
Fizz  helped  herself  to  another  handful  of  sultanas  and  checked  her  own  nails,  then  shrugged  her  shoulders.  Nails  were  nails  as  far  as  she  was  concerned.  Pretty  was  for  flowers  and  girls.  Girly  girls,  if  you  know  what  I  mean.
“You  had  an  unfortunate  time  this  morning  I  believe?”
Tanya  grimaced.  “Yes  cousin,  I  haven’t  brought  my  own  bow  and  just  couldn’t  get  the  feel  of  the  one  I  borrowed.”
“Well,  no  loss  on  your  part  really.  I  assume  that  Jade  is  sure  to  win  again.”
“I  suppose  so,”  answered  Tanya,  still  unsure  of  the  right  answers.  That  Jade  Bowyer  or  Ivy  Tulip  won  every  year  was  a  sore  point  for  the  Western  villages,  who  had  no  one  who  could  match  them.  The  only  good  thing  was  that  Homestead  never  sent  more  than  two  archers,  so  that  the  West  could  win  the  team  event.
“Me,  Fizz  and  Margo  might  enter  the  team  trial  if  cousin  Gloria  will  allow  me  to  try  a  different  bow.  I’m  going  to  ask  her  this  afternoon.”
Consuela  struggled  not  to  laugh  out  loud.  She  had  heard  all  about  Tanya’s  feeble  efforts  at  the  butts.  “I’m  sure  that  you  will  do  better  my  dear.”
Then,  as  Ana  started  applying  the  red  lacquer,  Consuela  came  to  the  point  and  asked  if  this  was  just  a  social  visit?
Here  it  came,  the  tricky  bit,  and  Fizz  watched  with  interest  as  Tanya  squirmed  and  went  a  similar  colour  to  the  nail  paint.  “Well,”  she  started,  and  went  haltingly  into  the  speech  she  had  been  rehearsing  for  the  last  hour.  “I’m  here  on  behalf  of  the  other  men.  And  Walter  as  well  really.”
Consuela  went  wide  eyed  and  raised  her  eyebrows  in  surprise.
Tanya  swallowed  hard.  “What  the  others  said  was,  that  they  think  Walter  should  join  them  for  a  while,  to,  err…  bond  was  the  word,  yes,  bond.”
“And  what  pray,  is  this  ‘bond’?”
“It’s  something  men  have  to  do  sometimes.  They  sit  and  talk  about  man  stuff,  tell  man  jokes  and  things  like  that.”  She  looked  from  Consuela  to  Sybil  and  back  again.  “It’s  good  for  them  apparently,  makes  them  feel  better  about  themselves  or  something?”
Sybil  bent  forward  again  to  whisper  her  advice,  and  Tanya  heard  some  of  it,  something  like,  “nothing  to  lose,  worth  a  try.”
“Where  do  they  plan  to  meet?”
“In  the  town  church,  cousin,”  answered  Tanya  quietly,  and  glad  that  her  ordeal  was  almost  over.
Consuela  made  an  instant  decision.  “Ana,  bring  Walter,  Maria  and  Sophie,”  then  to  Tanya,  “thank  you  for  your  kind  visit.  We  shall  talk  to  dear  Walter,  and  perhaps  he  will  agree  to  meet  his  former  companions.”
She  rose  from  her  chair  and  stood  there,  making  it  obvious  that  the  meeting  was  over.  “Sybil  will  show  you  out.”
Sybil  showed  them  only  as  far  as  the  next  room,  where  they  stood  in  silence  again  under  the  watchful  gaze  of  Sonia,  Conti  and  Solidad.
At  last,  Sybil  returned  and  told  them  that  Walter  would  be  at  the  church  in  about  two  hours  time.  They  left  the  house,  Fizz  strolling  nonchalantly  down  the  path,  Tanya  forcing  herself  not  to  run  or  look  back.

Chapter  7
Bread  and  wine
When  Consuela  gave  Walter  the  news  that  he  was  going  to  church  that  afternoon,  he  was  careful  to  keep  his  emotions  in  check  and  even  Sybil,  the  ‘bitch  queen’  as  Walter  privately  called  her,  could  detect  no  hint  of  his  elation.  He  had  to  see  Jimmy,  who  he  had  worked  with  in  engineering  on  the  Hood  for  seven  years.
The  only  downside  was  the  company  he  had  been  given  as  escort  and  guard,  the  same  pair  of  sullen  morons  who  had  accosted  Margaret  that  morning,  but  Walter  was  a  fatalist,  and  accepted  their  presence  as  he  had  accepted  all  his  misfortunes  of  the  previous  year.  They  walked  in  silence  towards  the  town,  for  the  second  time  that  day,  and  Walter  asked  them  to  walk  on  his  left  so  that  the  breeze  took  the  sharp  scent  of  their  perfume  away  from  him.  God,  it  was  awful  stuff.  He  preferred  freshly  washed  bodies,  or  to  a  certain  extent,  unwashed  ones.
Town  centre  was  nearly  deserted,  the  usual  practice  of  siesta  not  being  abandoned,  even  for  the  Easter  fair.  Two  black  and  white  cats,  all  muscle  and  sinew,  watched  a  tawny,  scrawny  dog  gnawing  on  an  old  bone,  wondering  no  doubt,  if  it  was  worth  the  effort  to  try  and  steal  it.  The  animals,  and  an  old  woman  who  was  sitting  under  a  shade  tree  and  languidly  waving  a  fan,  were  the  only  signs  of  life  in  the  square.
“Going  in  here,”  said  Walter  suddenly,  catching  the  women  by  surprise.
“What?”  exclaimed  Maria.
“Got  to  pee.  Need  to  use  the  pot.”  Which  was  not  strictly  true,  but  it  was  his  last  chance  to  think  about  what  he  was  trying  to  achieve.
The  interior  of  the  Swan  was  dark  and  gloomy  after  the  bright  sunshine  outside,  and  Walter  squinted  as  he  looked  round  the  empty  room.
“Hello,”  he  called  out,  and  was  answered  sleepily  from  behind  a  curtained  doorway.
“Help  yourself,  leave  the  money  on  the  counter.”
Walter  shrugged.  Not  much  chance  of  anyone  from  Lakeside  having  money  in  their  pockets.  Consuela  and  Sybil  kept  the  purse  strings  very  tight.
In  the  back  lot,  the  situation  changed  as  Walter  left  the  closet,  looking  down  as  he  fastened  his  belt.  The  gleam  of  a  brass  coin  caught  his  eye,  and  he  chuckled  as  he  recited  the  good  luck  charm  from  his  childhood.  “See  it  gleam,  see  it  shine,  pick  it  up  and  fortune’s  mine.”  As  he  retrieved  the  coin  he  saw  another  in  the  dirt,  then  another,  and  he  finally  had  six  in  total.  All  of  small  value,  and  no  silver  among  them  so  not  a  great  fortune,  but  he  now  possessed  the  grand  sum  of  eighty  five  cents.
He  stopped  at  the  bar  and  surveyed  the  bottles  on  the  shelf.
“Sod  it,”  he  muttered,  “why  not?”
Outside,  Sophie  looked  in  surprise  at  the  bottle  and  loaf  of  bread  that  Walter  placed  on  the  table  in  front  of  her.
“Isn’t  this  stealing?”  she  queried.  “I  thought  you  were  in  enough  trouble  already.”
God,  they  were  prize  arseholes,  these  two,  he  thought.
Maria  joined  in.  “Put  them  back  fathead,  we  won’t  be  sharing  your  blame.”
Walter’s  temper  snapped  at  last.  He’d  had  enough  of  this  precious  pair.  Sophie  was  nearest  and  he  grabbed  her  by  the  throat.  “Mine,”  he  snarled.  “Paid  for.”  Then  to  Maria,  “sit  down  bitch,  or  I’ll  stick  her,  here  and  now.”
Sophie  gave  a  squeak  of  fear  as  she  realised  that  Walter  was  holding  her  knife  in  his  free  hand.  The  tension  slowly  leaked  out  of  the  situation  and  Walter  threw  the  knife  on  the  table  and  retreated  into  the  Swan  again,  where  he  sat  on  the  floor  behind  the  bar  until  his  fit  of  trembling  stopped.  He  finally  took  notice  of  what  he  was  looking  at.  A  row  of  bottles  on  the  lower  shelf,  and  one  in  particular  which  caught  his  eye.
‘Los  Angeles’  he  read.  “California?”  he  thought,  “can’t  be,  surely.”
He  took  it  from  the  shelf,  and  pulling  out  the  protruding  cork,  waved  the  bottle  under his  nose,  breathing  deeply.
“Sod  it,”  he  muttered  again,  “why  not?”
Sophie  flinched  as  Walter  sat  beside  her  and  placed  the  mugs  of  wine  on  the  table,  pushing  one  towards  each  of  them.  Walter  was  49,  or  so  they  thought,  but  kept  himself  physically  fit,  and  she  hadn’t  realised  how  strong  he  was,  and  his  attack,  however  brief  had  shaken  her  badly.
“Sorry,”  he  said.  “Things  have  been  bad  for  me  lately,  but  I  shouldn’t  have  done  it.”
“You  hurt  me,”  Sophie  said,  and  pouted.
“Sorry,”  he  repeated.
“It’s  still  stealing,”  stated  Maria.
Walter  raised  one  hand,  and  Sophie  flinched  again.  “Not  so,”  he  explained,  “found  some  coins  in  the  yard,  and  left  them  on  the  counter.”
Maria  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “Why  do  you  need  bread  and  wine  though?  Not  starving  you  are  we?”
“It’s  for  a  gift,”  he  answered,  and  they  sat  sipping  their  wine  in  silence.

Normal  service  will  be  resumed  as  soon  as  possible
The  church  on  the  East  side  of  the  square  was  a  plain  affair  on  the  outside,  with  a  weather  beaten  double  door  and  an  inscription  carved  into  the  stonework  of  the  archway  above.  ‘NUESTRA  SEÑORA  DE  LA  NOCHE’
Walter,  Sophie  and  Maria  paused  a  moment  before  the  door  and  the  three  of  them  brushed  imaginary  dirt  from  their  clothes  and  the  girls  ran  their  fingers  through  their  hair.  Sophie  rubbed  her  neck  and  Walter  whispered,  “sorry,”  again.  He  peered  anxiously  at  her  throat  for  any  sign  of  bruising.  There  would  be  hell  to  pay  if  Consuela  got  to  hear  about  their  little  scuffle.
Sophie  gave  him  a  little  smile.  “Doesn’t  hurt,”  she  told  him,  but  was  lying.
Walter  pushed  the  door  open  and  they  entered  the  quiet  world  that  was  Altmore’s  church  of  ‘our  lady  of  the  night’.
It  was  not  set  out  like  the  churches  that  Walter  remembered  from  his  school  days,  inasmuch  as  there  were  chairs  instead  of  the  long  benches  he  had  grown  up  fidgeting  on,  and  neither  was  there  an  altar,  but  a  table  instead.  Sad  candles  stood  unlit  in  alcoves  along  each  wall,  and  the  alcoves  also  held  statuettes  of  miserable  looking  men  and  women.  Probably  the  local  saints  or  benefactors,  thought  Walter  as  he  took  it  all  in,  in  one  quick  glance.
His  heart  leapt.  They  were  all  here,  including  Margaret  and  three  other  women  he didn’t  know.  Handshakes  and  back  slapping  all  round,  with  his  two  minders  never  far away,  monitoring  his  every  move  and  word,  as  per  Consuela’s  instructions.
But  he  only  spoke  to  the  women,  not  touching,  ‘don’t  rock  the  boat’  he  thought,  let’s  survive  this  meeting  intact.
It  was,  ‘hi  Marco,  where  did  those  muscles  come  from?’  And  ‘hi  Jimmy,  been  seasick  lately?’  And  ‘yo  there  Simon,  how  are  the  cookery  lessons  going?’
Small  talk,  innocent  stuff,  idle  chatter of  no  consequence.
Sophie  rubbed  her  neck  again.  She  was  hot  and  bored,  her  throat  had  an  annoying  tingle  and  she  was  feeling  strangely  light  headed.
Maria  felt  the  same.  The  wine  had  left  an  odd  aftertaste  in  her  mouth.  She  licked  her  lips  and  really  needed  a  long  cold  drink.
So  the  men  talked  of  nothing  and  the  six  women  looked  idly  on,  until  Walter  asked  them  to  take  their  seats  for  the  service.
They  were  somewhat  surprised,  but  shouldn’t  have  been,  it  was  a  church  after  all,  and  they  obediently  sat  as  Walter  went  to  stand  at  the  table.
He  started  hesitantly,  asking  for  God  to  send  heavenly  guidance  to  aid  him  through  the  service  as  he  stood  in  for  Gudrun,  their  pastor.  Anton  raised  his  eyebrows  in  query  at  Margaret,  and  exchanged  mystified  glances  with  some  of  the  others,  but  none  of  them  spoke,  not  wanting  to  stop  Walter,  who  was  getting  into  his  stride  now.
He  was  speaking  of  life  on  board  the  Hood,  the  Christian  ship  of  the  three  mining  vessels.  (Hawk,  dedicated  to  Islam  was  the  only  one  still  in  orbit  and  functioning)
He  asked  for  God’s  forgiveness  for  their  lapse  in  faith  in  the  ensuing  years  and  commended  Gudrun’s  soul  to  His  eternal  care.  Then  he  took  the  bread  and  held  it  forward  in  both  hands.
“And  on  the  same  night  that  He  was  betrayed,  Jesus  broke  the  bread  and  said,  ‘take  it  and  eat,  this  is  my  body  which  is  given  for  you;  do  this  in  remembrance  of  me.’ ”  Walter  dramatically  broke  the  bread  and  passed  the  two  halves  to  the  others  after  taking  a  small  piece  for  himself.  He  rubbed  his  forehead,  he  had  a  headache  coming  on  and  felt  slightly  dizzy.
He  signalled  to  Maria  and  she  jumped  up  when  Sophie  nudged  her.  Opening  the  bag  they  had  taken  from  the  inn,  she  set  out  the  borrowed  shot  glasses  and  poured  a  little  wine  into  each  of  them  as  he  had  described  to  her,  although  she  thought  that  a  thimble  of  wine  would  be  of  no  use  to  anyone.  She  could  do  with  a  whole  bottle  to  herself.  After  the  glasses  were  placed  around  the  edge  of  the  table,  Walter  continued.
“In  the  same  way,  after  the  supper,  He  took  the  cup,  saying,  ‘this  cup  is  a  new  covenant  in  my  blood,  which  is  poured  out  for  you.’  Drink  this  as  often  as  you  meet  and  declare  your  faith  in  the  Lord  until  He  comes  again.”
He  beckoned  them  all  forward.  “Come,  stand  with  me.”
They  took  their  places  and  Walter  continued,  “in  remembrance  of  Jesus  Christ,  our  Lord  and  Saviour.  Amen.”
They  added  their  ‘amens’  and  drank  the wine.
“And  now,  we  will  sing  the  first  verse  of  my  favourite  hymn.  I  doubt  we  can  remember  much  more  than  one  verse,  so  it  will  suffice.”
Smiles  all  round.  Some  embarrassed,  and  others  relieved  that  it  was  nearly  over.
“Number  76,  ‘what  a  friend  we  have  in  Jesus’.  76  in  the  book  of  Holy  Ordnance”
Jimmy  looked  up  suddenly  and  found  Walter  staring  at  him.
“Margaret,  will  you  give  us  the  first  line  please,  for  the  key,”  he  asked,  keeping  his  eyes  fixed  on  Jimmy.
Only  seven  of  them  were  singing,  the  women  of  this  day  and  age  not  knowing  the  words  or  tune  and  it  was  soon  finished,  even  though  they  sang  it  twice,  and  as  they  sang,  the  alcoves  of  the  saints  lit  up  with  an  ethereal  light.
He  made  the  sign  of  the  cross  as  he  said  the  benediction,  “may  the  grace  of  our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  the  love  of  God  and  the  fellowship  of  the  Holy  Spirit  be  with  us  all,  now  and  always.”
There  was  a  moments  silence,  before  Margaret  remembered  to  join  in  as  she  used  to  do  on  board  the  Hood,  “and  all  Gods  children  said…?”
The  men  responded,  as  she  knew  they  would,  with  a  long  drawn  out,  “aaamen.”
As  is  the  way  of  these  things,  the  level  of  small  talk  rose  again  now  that  the  service  was  over,  and  Margaret  was  approached  by  a  young  girl,  who  had  come  in  late.
“You  are  speaking  English,”  she  stated  in  an  accusing  tone  of  voice.
Margaret  agreed  that,  yes,  it  was  a  form  of  English  they  were  using.
“Are  you  English  then?”
Margaret  shook  her  head.  “No,  I’m  Scottish.”
“Scottish?  Ah,  Ecosse.  And  him?”  She  pointed  at  Marco  and  the  others  in  turn,  until  Margaret  said  that  Walter  was  indeed  English.
“Then  I  must  talk  to  him,”  and  she  went  to  stand  in  front  of  Walter.
Sophie  wanted  to  shoo  the  girl  away,  but  couldn’t  concentrate.  She  was  all  hot  and  bothered  and  Maria  was  off  to  one  side,  searching  in  vain  for  something  to  drink.
“You  are  English,”  the  girl  said.  It  wasn’t  a  question  now.
“Yes,  hello.  Do  I  know  you?”
“No,  my  name  is  Joan,  and  I  am  a  messenger.”
Sophie  paid  more  attention,  this  could  be  trouble.
“I  have  been  tormented  by  my  demons,  but  they  are  banished  now  and  can  say  to  you,  even  though  you  are  English,  I  forgive  you.”
Walter’s  mouth  opened  and  closed  but  he  could  think  of  nothing  to  say,  being  perplexed  by  the  statement.
“More  than  forgiveness,  Walter  Englishman.  You  are  troubled  also,  but  in  the name  of  our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  I  bless  you,  and  say  to  you,  be  well  again.”
She  made  the  sign  of  the  cross  on  his  forehead,  then  turned  and  went  to  kneel  in  front  of  one  of  the  alcoves.
Maria  watched  her  go,  then  looked  at  Sophie.  “Crazy  bitch,”  and  then  to  Walter,  “are  we  done  here?”
He  nodded.  "We  can  go  now."
Having  delivered  his  message,  there  was  nothing  to  be  gained  by  staying,  but  whether  Jimmy  was  bright  enough  to  understand  it  was  another  matter.
They  collected  the  glasses,  said  their  farewells  and  left  the  building.
Margaret  was  getting  agitated.  Louisa,  the  old  woman  who  looked  after  the  church  was  carefully  examining  every  alcove  after  warning  Margaret  that  she  would  have  to  pay  for  any  damage  caused  by  the  foreigners  stupid  lights.  Could  have  burnt  the  blasted  place  down,  bloody  yokels.
Time  and  again,  Ricardo  assured  Margaret  that  it  was  nothing  to  do  with  him,  and  the  silly  old  bat  was  trying  to  screw  money  out  of  them  for  something  she  herself  had  done.  She  had  no  time  to  pursue  the  subject  as  she  was  then  accosted  by  the  two  women  who  were  wearing  faded  pink  blouses  under  travel  stained  cloaks.
“We  heard  about  your  god,  and  came  to  see  for  ourselves.”
“We  know  now,”  said  the  second  one  mysteriously.
“Three  days  before  he  returned,  your  man  said,”  and  she  pointed  towards  Marco.
“Three  days,”  repeated  the  second,  nodding  wisely.  “About  right,  three  days,  if  there’s  not  too  much  damage.”
Margaret  looked  from  one  to  the  other  in  a  state  of  incomprehension.  “Sorry?”
The  odd  pair  looked  round  in  a  conspiratorial  manner  and  together  pulled  up  their  left  sleeves  to  give  Margaret  a  brief  glimpse  of  a  tattoo  of  a  stylised  fish  on  their  upper  arms.  She  put  her  hand  to  her  throat  and  fingered  the  golden  fish  on  it’s  chain.
“We  thought  it  was  a  god  at  first.”
“We  know  better  now,”  added  the  second.
“The  eternal  fish  is  only  a  symbol  of  the  resurrection.”
They  turned  as  one  and  bowed  towards  an  alcove  in  the  side  wall.
In  the  recess  above  the  kneeling  Joan  was  a  statue  of  a  saint  with  an  enormous  fish  spread  across  his  outstretched  arms.
Margaret’s  mind  was  reeling.  What  nonsense  was  this,  she  wondered,  but  got  no  chance  to  speak  her  mind.
One  of  the  women  grasped  her  by  the  hand.  “Come  to  us  Margret  of  Valens,  we  need  you.  Come  to  Algar  and  tell  us  what  we  need  to  know  and  do.”
She  grasped  Margaret’s  hand  and  lightly  kissed  her  fingers,  then  the  pair  of  them  turned  and  left  without  waiting  for  an  answer.
Her  attention  was  then  grabbed  by  the  diminutive  Joan  at  her  elbow.
“Margaret  Valence,”  she  mused.  “Possibly  an  Italian  name?  Not  English  at  all,  not  even  Scottish  I  think.”
“What  is  happening  here?”  asked  Margaret  getting  more  baffled  by  the  minute.
Joan  ignored  the  question.  “I  too  was  a  commander  of  men.  Look.”  She  touched  the  scar  at  her  neck.  “English  arrow,  but  I  forgive  them.  I  forgive  them  all  now.”
Margaret  squeezed  her  eyes  shut  and  tried  to  put  her  thoughts  in  order.
“He’ll  not  be  happy  if  he  sees  that,”  and  Joan  indicated  the  statue  of  the  fish  carrier.  “It’s  supposed  to  be  Anietus,  but  it  looks  just  like  Michael,”  she  chuckled.  “Or  perhaps  he  will  see  the  funny  side?  I  have  to  go  now,  commander  Valence,  but  I  hope  to  see  you  again.  Sing  for  Him  again  soon,  our  Lord  likes  the  old  songs.”
She  was  gone.  One  moment  there,  the  next…  gone.  Margaret  sat  down  on  the  nearest  chair  and  held  her  head  in  her  hands.  She  had  missed  her  dinner  and  was  feeling  faint.  “Take  me  home  somebody,”  she  whispered.  “Anybody?”
Jimmy  came  over  to  her.  “Maggie?”
She  looked  up  and  rubbed  her  tired  eyes.  “Yes  pet?”
He  cleared  his  throat  and  had  a  puzzled  look.  “I  think  we  have  a  problem.”

Oh  we’re  in  trouble  now
They  had  only  meant  to  stop  at  the  Swan  long  enough  to  put  the  borrowed  glasses  back,  but  Maria  insisted  on  having  a  drink  and  a  rest  somewhere  cool.  Both  her  and  Sophie’s  faces  were  practically  glowing  now,  and  Walter  readily  agreed  to  a  short  break.  He  was  happy  now  that  his  secret  mission  had  been  successfully  completed,  but  that  could  not  account  for  the  feeling  of  utter  joy  and  abandonment  that  was  welling  up  inside  him.  Sophie  and  Walter  sat  together  on  one  side  of  a  table  while  Maria  lay  stretched  out  on  the  bench  opposite.  She  had  drunk  a  cupful  of  deliciously  cold  water  taken  from  the  olla  hanging  in  the  porch,  and  her  eyes  were  now  closed.
Walter  leaned  slightly  towards  Sophie.  Perhaps  that  perfume  wasn’t  so  bad  after  all,  he  thought.  He  moved  her  hair  to  the  side  with  one  finger  to  check  for  bruising  again.
“Is  it  really  OK  now?”  he  whispered,  not  wanting  to  disturb  Maria.
She  shook  her  head  a  little.  “No,”  she  confessed,  “it’s  a  bit  sore.”
“Forgive  me,”  he  said  and  as  his  left  hand  slid  slowly  round  her  shoulders  his  lips  gently  kissed  that  special  place  behind  her  ear.
Her  eyes  went  wide  in  astonishment,  and  her  mouth  opened  but  she  could  not  speak.
She  sat  there  panting  heavily  while  he  lay  his  head  on  her  shoulder  and  whispered  nonsense  to  her,  his  right  hand  slowly  caressing  her  arm  and  occasionally,  accidentally,  touching  her  breast.
“Sweet  Sophie,  what  a  fool  I’ve  been.  You’re  an  angel  from  heaven  and  I  should  be  worshipping  you.  Beautiful,  beautiful  girl  of  my  dreams.”  And  when  not  praising  her,  his  lips  paid  homage  to  her  neck  with  silky  kisses.
Her  head  was  spinning  and  she  couldn’t  help  it.  Her  right  hand  moved  of  it’s  own  accord  and  she  found  herself  gripping  Walter’s  left  thigh.  She  squeezed  his  leg  in  response  to  his  busy  little  fingers  which  were  now  stimulating  her  nipples  to  grow  to  new  heights.
“Walter,”  she  gasped.  “You  can’t…  no…  you  mustn’t…  no…  we  shouldn’t.”
At  last  he  stifled  her  arguments  with  a  deep  kiss  and  her  resistance  was  gone.
It  was  now  his  turn  to  be  surprised,  at  what  strength  she  had,  as  she  wrestled  him  to  the  floor  and  knelt  astride  him,  fumbling  with  the  knot  in  his  belt  and  pulling  his  trousers  down.
Her  right  hand  slid  down  across  his  abdomen  and  she  groaned  as  she  gripped  his  swollen  manhood.  “Es  demasiado  grande,”  she  whispered.  “No  esta  posible.”
He  wasn’t  too  big  though,  and  it  was  possible,  but  the  sharp  moment  of  penetration  made  both  of  them  gasp  with  pain,  and  in  Walter’s  case  with  pride  and  joy  as  well.  He’d  had  a  lot  on  his  mind  lately,  and  was  at  that  difficult  age,  when  desire  was  fading,  when  libido  took  a  back  seat,  and  he  had  not  felt  like  this  for  a  long  time.  Maria  was  wide  awake  and  her  eyes  were  bulging  as  she  watched  Sophie  ride  him  slowly,  concentrating  on  her  own  pleasure.  She  couldn’t  really  believe  what  she  was  seeing,  not  after  the  whispered  stories  she  had  heard  about  Walter’s  non-performances  with  the  chosen  ones.  Her  right  hand  was  beneath  her  skirt  and  moving  in  time  with  Sophie’s  undulations,  but  all  too  soon  Sophie  was  moving  faster  and  faster.  Too  soon,  too  soon,  she  gave  a  long  drawn  out  moan  of  ecstasy  as  she  reached  her  climax,  and  fell  forward  to  lay  gasping  for  breath  against  Walter’s  neck.
It  was  all  too  fast  for  Walter,  and  he  was  still  hard  inside  her.
She  looked  up  and  gazed  into  his  eyes.  “Oh  Walter!  Que  peña!”  she  whispered  huskily.  “Una  mas  vez?”
Maria  jumped  up  at  the  words.  “Oh  no  you  don’t,”  she  said  fiercely,  pulling  Sophie  away  and  straddling  Walter  in  her  place.  “Once  is  enough  for  anyone.”
It  was  just  as  quick  the  second  time  around,  but  Walter  was  like  a  primed  cannon  and  he  exploded  at  the  same  time  as  Maria,  their  groans  of  pleasure  echoing  round  the  empty  tavern.
A  sleepy  voice  called  out  from  the  other  room,  “leave  the  money  on  the  counter.”
They  had  a  fit  of  the  giggles  but  managed  to  calm  down,  get  dressed  and  leave  before  the  sleeper  emerged,  and  it  wasn’t  until  they  neared  the  Lakesider’s  house  that  the  doubts  started  to  creep  in.
“There’s  going  to  be  trouble,”  said  Sophie.
“We  are  so  deep  in  it  now,”  replied  Maria.
“No  problemo,”  laughed  Walter.
“Look  at  us,”  Sophie  whined.  “We’re  filthy.”
“And  she’s  torn  your  trousers,”  added  Maria.
“Badges  of  honour,”  Walter  explained.  “We  go  in  with  heads  held  high  girls.  You’re  going  to  be  heroes.”
“But  we’re  not  the  chosen  ones.”
“I  never  will  be.  I’m  not  even  on  the  list.”
Walter  stopped  and  held  them  both  to  him.
“Why  would  you  not  be  chosen?”
Maria  averted  her  eyes  and  Sophie  answered  for  her.  “She’s  blonde.”
He  frowned.  “So?”
“So  I’m  not  pure  Lakeside,”  Maria  said  with  venom.  “So  I’m  not  good  enough.”
“You  are  good  enough,  and  I  choose  you,”  he  said  softly,  “and  that’s  all  that  matters.”
He  looked  towards  the  house  where  someone  was  leaning  against  the  door,  watching  them  with  obvious  interest.
“In  military  matters,”  he  told  them,  “attack  is  the  best  form  of  defence.  We  go  straight  in  and  go  for  the  jugular.  Don’t  wait  for  Consuela  and  the  bitch  queen  to  send  for  us,  we  walk  right  in  and  put  our  foot  down  with  a  firm  hand.”
They  had  no  idea  what  he  was  going  on  about  but  took  some  comfort  from  his  bold  attitude,  and  went  up  the  path  as  Walter  suggested,  with  heads  held  high.

Chapter  8
Doing  it  by  the  book
The  watcher  at  the  door  had  gone  inside  by  the  time  they  got  there,  presumably  to  warn  someone  of  their  imminent  arrival,  and  as  they  entered  the  hallway,  Walter  could  hear  voices  in  the  reception  room.  He  opened  the  door  and  looked  in.
“Hola  chicas,”  he  called  out  flippantly,  “buenas  tardes,  como…  como  something  or  other.”
The  three  occupants  stared  at  him  in  surprise.  Walter  never  spoke  Spanish.
“Anyway,”  he  continued,  “nice  to  see  you  again.  Hasta  luego.”
“She’ll  be  upstairs,”  he  said  quietly  to  Sophie  and  Maria  as  he  shut  the  door,  then  he  started  up  the  stone  staircase.
“Walter,”  hissed  Maria,  “do  you  know  what  you’re  doing?”
He  shook  his  head.  “Nope,  not  a  clue  cariña,  but  I’ll  go  and  talk  to  her,  while  you  keep  the  rabble  away.”
Pausing  outside  Consuela’s  bedroom  door,  he  listened  for  a  moment  then  shrugged  his  shoulders.  “Maybe,  maybe  not,”  he  whispered.  “Go  and  mind  the  stairs  for  me.”
The  two  women  exchanged  worried  glances  then  went  to  the  top  of  the  staircase,  while  Walter  quietly  turned  the  brass  handle  and  slowly  pushed  the  heavy  door  open.
Ana  gave  a  little  gasp  of  surprise  when  she  turned  and  saw  him  standing  there,  and  Consuela’s  back  massage  stopped  abruptly.
“Don’t  stop  now  you  stupid  girl,  keep  going  or  you’re  out  on  the  street  again.”
Walter  had  reached  the  bedside  and  at  the  slight  incline  of  his  head  towards  the  door,  Ana  fled  from  the  room.
As  his  large  hands  settled  on  her  shoulder  blades,  Consuela’s  eyes  flew  wide  open.
“Ana?”
“She  had  to  leave  suddenly.”
“What  the  devil?”  she  exclaimed,  and  tried  to  turn  over  to  confront  him.
He  held  her,  face  down  on  the  bed.  “We  have  to  talk,  cousin.”
“Talk,  you  crazy  bastard?  Help,”  she  yelled.  “Someone  help  me.”
He  pressed  his  finger  tips  into  her  yielding  flesh  and  she  gave  a  yelp  of  fear.  “You  don’t  need  help.  I  am  no  danger  to  you,  and  I  just  want  to  do  my  best  for  you.”
“Best?  Best?  What  in  heaven’s  name  are  you  talking  about?”
His  hands  had  moved  to  a  new  place,  and  she  gave  a  little  shiver,  despite  the  heat  of  the  afternoon.
“I  can  do  this  better  than  Ana,”  he  told  her.  “I  had  a  very  good  teacher.”
“What?  What  do  you  want?”
“I  realise  that  you’re  disappointed  with  me.  You  think  that  Homestead  has  done  you  wrong  by  sending  me  to  you,  but  I  want  a  chance  to  redeem  myself.  I  want  you  to  relax  and  let  me  prove  my  worth  to  you.  Let  me  start  now.”
He  slowly  eased  the  restraining  pressure  off  his  hands  and  moved  them  slowly  down  her  back.  Her  immediate  thought  was  that  he  was  going  to  violate  her,  but  as  his  hands  moved  over  her  buttocks,  he  kept  them  to  the  outside  of  her  thighs  and  slowly,  so  very  slowly,  they  slid  ever  downwards  and  he  started  to  massage  her  calf  muscles.
His  parents  had  never  been  well  off,  even  though  one  branch  of  the  family  was  well  connected,  and  when  his  grandfather  died  in  the  short  and  almost  bloodless  civil  war  with  Scotland,  the  family  fortunes  dipped  even  further.  When  he  left  school,  his  aunt  Ariel  had  taken  him  ‘under  her  wing’,  and  given  him  a  comprehensive,  if  somewhat  alarming  education  in  the  art  of  seduction.  Under  her  guidance,  he  had  become  an  adonis,  a  sex  god,  and  he  paid  his  way  through  college  by  the  simple  expedient  of  his  aunt  Ariel  ‘lending  him’  to  her  rich  friends  who  were  keen  to  have  the  attentions  of  a  discreet,  and  so  very  handsome  young  man.
He  knew  what  women  wanted,  and  he  gave  it  to  them,  by  the  book.  He  had  only  done  it  ‘by  the  book’  with  his  commander,  Margaret  Valence  on  one  occasion,  and  she  made  him  swear  never  to  do  it  like  that  again.  She  had  missed  a  whole  shift  afterwards  while  she  recovered  from  the  morning  of  love  play,  and  the  ship’s  captain  had  not  been  amused.
For  some  reason,  Sophie  had  been  easy  to  arouse  and  he  hadn’t  had  to  try  that  hard,  and  then  Maria  had  virtually  raped  him,  but  for  Consuela,  it  was  going  to  be  ‘by  the  book’  again.

Consuela  considered  her  options  and  thought  about  making  a  dash  for  the  door,  but  the  crafty  bastard  was  on  the  door  side  of  the  bed.  Well,  she’d  just  bide  her  time  and  catch  him  unawares,  when  he  had  his  hands  in  the  oil  pot  maybe.  Then  her  chance  was  gone,  as  his  hands  and  fingers  worked  their  spell  on  her.
His  hands  had  reached  the  small  of  her  back  on  their  journey  of  pleasure,  and  the  aroma  of  spiced  oil  filled  the  room.  As  Consuela  relaxed  even  more,  she  was  surprised  to  find  that  Walter  had  been  right,  that  he  was  better  than  Ana,  and  she  was  slightly  disappointed  that  his  probing  fingers  had  noticeably  avoided  any  contact  with  her  triangle  of  love.
Upward,  ever  upward  worked  his  hands,  and  his  fingers  beat  a  strange  tattoo  along  the  length  of  her  spine.  There  was  no  resistance  from  her  when  he  gently  rolled  her  onto  her  back  and  her  heart  started  to  beat  even  faster  as  his  clever  hands  worked  their  magic  on  her  now  receptive  body.
More  oil,  more  magic,  more  pleasure,  and  she  was  soon  moaning  incoherently.
“Now,”  she  whispered,  and  like  Sophie  had  done,  she  pulled  his  trousers  off  and  threw  them  across  the  room.
He  knelt  between  her  thighs,  the  tip  of  his  masculinity  resting  just  within  her  gates  of  paradise.  She  struggled  to  pull  him  into  her,  but  he  resisted.
“Say  please,”  he  breathed  into  her  ear.
“Oh  please,”  she  whispered  back.
“Louder,”  he  commanded.

Maria  and  Sophie  were  fast  approaching  the  point  of  having  to  get  violent.
Ana  had  rushed  past  them  down  the  stairs  and  gone  to  find  help,  which  came  back  up  the  staircase  in  the  shape  of  Sonia,  Conti  and  Solidad,  who  were  unable  to  get  higher  than  where  Maria  and  Sophie  stood  firm  on  the  seventh  step.
“No,”  said  Sophie  again,  as  Sonia  tried  in  vain  to  reason  with  her.  “It’s  a  personal  meeting  and  none  of  us  are  invited.”
“Ana  says…”
“Ana  talks  too  much  for  a  kitchen  slut  and  she  should  keep  her  mouth  shut.”
“But  she  said  that  he  had  murder  in  his  eyes.”
“Ha!  Just  shows  what  she  knows  then.  Walter  couldn’t  hurt  anyone.”  Maria  informed  her,  conveniently  forgetting  about  Sophie’s  bruised  neck.
The  moaning  started  then  and  Conti  gasped.  “What’s  he  doing  to  her?”
"Hopefully,"  said  Maria  slowly,  “the  same  as  he  did  to  us.”
“And  what  pray,  would  that  be?”  asked  Sybil  who  arrived  at  last  with  Ana  in  tow.
“Something  you  probably  wouldn’t  know  about,”  sneered  Sophie.
“Please.  Please  damn  you.  PLEASE.”  Consuela’s  voice  got  louder  and  her  calls  echoed  down  the  corridor.
The  Lakesiders  stood  there  open  mouthed,  as  her  cries  and  squeals  carried  on.
“What  the  fuck  is  going  on?”  demanded  Sonia.
Sophie  laughed.  “Precisely  that.  With  a  bit  of  luck,  me  and  Maria  are  both  pregnant.”
They  stared  at  her,  not  comprehending  at  first  what  she  meant.
“And  in  a  few  minutes  or  so,  Connie  might  be  as  well.”
But  ten  minutes  later,  the  noises  from  the  bedroom  indicated  that  Consuela  was  still  in  the  realms  of  sexual  heaven.  The  girls  were  sitting  in  embarrassed  silence  on  the  steps  now,  and  at  last  Sophie  gave  a  sigh  and  said  to  Sonia,  “come  on  girl,  we’re  doing  each  other  no  favours  here.  Let’s  go  and  talk  about  it  in  the  kitchen.”

Mixed  blessings
At  last,  Walter  allowed  Consuela  to  return  back  to  earth  from  the  high  plateau  of  ecstasy  that  he  had  lifted  her  to,  and  she  slept  in  his  arms,  in  the  dreamless  sleep  of  utter  exhaustion.
He  allowed  himself  a  little  smile  of  satisfaction  and  silently  said  ‘thank  you’  to  aunt  Ariel.  He  still  had  the  gift.

A  kilometre  away,  Bridget  crossed  the  square  again  and  re-entered  the  Swan.  She  had  been  to  ask  dopey  Dora  if  she  had  seen  who  had  been  inside  while  she  had  been  having  her  siesta.  Yes,  Dora  had  said,  it  was  them  two  doxies  from  Lakeside  with  their  man.
Bridget  chuckled.  She  had  been  angry  at  first  when  she  found  the  nearly  empty  bottle  of  ‘Los  Angeles’,  but  then  saw  the  funny  side  of  it,  and  thought  she  could  sell  a  few  more  bottles  of  her  special  brew  if  things  went  right.  Los  Angeles  had  been  called  Angels  Wings  a  few  years  ago,  and  before  that,  Fairy  Wings,  before  fairies  became  unfashionable.  The  main  ingredient  was  from  a  strange  looking  plant  that  had  once  been  called,  so  the  story  went,  horny  goat  weed  which  was  supposed  to  be  a  powerful  aphrodisiac.  Allegedly.
Bridget  chuckled  again  as  she  thought  of  the  profit  she  could  make.  She  would  ask  if  they’d  had  an  interesting  afternoon,  and  then  mention  her  elixir  of  love.

Far  away,  and  at  the same  time  so  very  near,  in  that  strange  clearing  house  that  is  in  the  doorway  between  heaven  and  hell,  Joan  had  returned  to  room  678.
“Yes  Master,”  she  said  reverentially.  “They  are  good  people,  but  need  guidance.”
“And  what  of  yourself?”
She  smiled  with  the  joy  of  remembering.  “I  met  an  Englishman.” 
“And  all  was  well?”
“Yes  Lord.  I  blessed  him,  in  your  name  Lord.”
Jesus  nodded  in  satisfaction.  “You  have  done  well  young  Jeanne  d’Arc.  It  seems  we  are  staying  a  little  while  longer  and  may  need  your  services  again.”
Oh  good,  thought  Joan,  and  with  a  bit  of  luck,  I  can  be  there  when  Michael  turns  up.  He  will  go  absolute  potty  when  he  sees  that  statue  of  Anietus.  He’s  allergic  to  fish  and  he’ll  probably  wet  himself.

What  a  difference  a  day  makes
Morning  again,  and  Maria  was  no  longer  ‘not  good  enough’,  thanks  to  Walter  explaining  to  Consuela  the  power  of  opposite  attraction.  It  was  all  fairy  tale  stuff  but  being  an  engineer,  he  made  it  sound  logical,  with  some  North  and  South,  yin  and  yang  and  finally  getting  around  to  dark  and  blonde  girls.  Sybil  was  highly  sceptical  but  Consuela  waved  her  objections  away.  After  the  previous  afternoon  and  night,  Walter  could  do  no  wrong  in  her  eyes.
Dark  and  blonde,  Sophie  and  Maria  were  sauntering  round  the  market  stalls  when  they  spotted  Margaret  at  last  and  rapidly  made  a  bee  line  for  her.
“We  were  rude  yesterday,  and  want  to  say  sorry,”  Sophie  told  her.
Margaret  looked  askance  at  them.  “Right.”  she  said  slowly.
Maria  then  addressed  her,  “We  know  now  that  he  is  special.”  
Margaret  nodded  cautiously.  What  were  these  two  weirdos  after?
“Yesterday  we  despised  him,  but  after  the  church,  well  he  was  a  new  man.”
“And  now  we  love  him,”  added  Maria.  “he’s  magnificent,”  she  whispered.
Sophie  lowered  her  voice  and  said,  “did  you  hear  the  dogs  in  the  night?”
Margaret  nodded  again,  the  howling  had  gone  on  for  ages.  She  had  assumed  there  was  a  wolf  in  the  area.
Sophie’s  voice  dropped  to  a  whisper,  “Cousin  Consuela.”
“What?”
“Cousin  Consuela  started  them  off.”
Margaret  looked  blankly  at  them  and  Sophie  explained.
“She  was  making  such  a  noise  when  Walter  almost  killed  her,”  and  her  eyes  sparkled  with  excitement.  “He  nearly  sexed  her  to  death,  and  she  had  to  have  breakfast  taken  up  to  her  room  this  morning.”
Maria  took  up  the  story  now,  “and  it’s  Sophie’s  turn  tonight.  If  she  can  wait  that  long.  He  didn’t  finish  her  off  properly  in  the  Swan  yesterday.”
Margaret’s  jaw  dropped  with  surprise  and  she  didn’t  know  what  to  say,  as  Sophie  blushed  and  fidgeted  with  embarrassment    
“And  we  bring  you  a  gift,”  Maria  continued.  “To  say  thankyou  and  sorry.”
“Why  thankyou  girls,”  said  Margaret  forcing  her  mouth  to  smile  as  she  accepted  the  present.  “How  unusual.  What  made  you  think  of  bananas?”
Sophie  looked  round,  “Your  man,”  she  said  pointing.  “The  big  one  over  there.”
Margaret  looked  where  she  pointed.  “Fine,  that’s  just  fine.  Well,  if  you’ll  excuse  me  I  have  to  go  and  kill  someone.”
She  spun  round  and  started  running  but  Anton  was  already  trotting  away  from  her.

“What  odds  did  we  get?”  asked  Tanya  when  Marco  returned.
He  showed  her  the  betting  slip,  headed  ‘Pauline’s  Pleasure  Parlour’.
She  read  it  slowly,  not  being  the  best  reader  in  the  world.  “ ‘Five  pounds  stake  at  seven  to  one  that  Ibis  will  win  the  team  archery  contest’.  Good.”
“You  do  realise,”  he  said,  “that  if  you  don’t  win,  then  we’ll  be  eating  grass  till  we  get  home?”
Tanya  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “No  problemo,”  she  answered  flippantly.  “With  your  new  bow  I  can  match  anyone  here.”
“Anyone?”
“Well,  obviously  not  Jade  or  Ivy.  Or  Margo.  Or  Fizz  either  if  it  comes  to  that,  but  just  about  anybody  else.”
“Baaaaa,”  went  Marco,  “Look  out  grass,  here  we  come.”
“Hush  children,”  said  Margo,  “they’re  beginning.”
Then  they  began  the  boring  formalities  of  enrolling  for  the  team  event,  each  village’s  representatives  being  asked  if  they  were  entering  a  team,  and  the  Western  villagers  relaxed  a  lot  more  when  Jade  declined  to  step  forward.  She  had  thought  that  she,  Sylvia  and  Anton  could  have  given  them  a  good  fright,  but  Sylvia  didn’t  think  that  it  would  be  right  for  a  man  to  take  part,  so  it  would  be  Westerners  only  as  usual.
To  cheers  from  their  respective  followers,  the  archers  stepped  up  to  put  their  names  on  the  board.  Tintown,  Lakeside,  Altmore  and  Central  had  all  come  forward  when  an  ironic  cheer  came  from  one  section  of  the  crowd.
Tanya,  Margo  and  Fizz  pushed  their  way  to  the  front  and  stepped  over  the  rope  barrier.  Tanya’s  miserable  performance  in  the  singles  shoot  off  was  still  being  talked  about  and  she  had  to  ignore  the  caustic  comments  being  called  out.
Things  like,  “it’s  the  beast  from  the  East.  Got  any  straight  arrows  this  time?  Want  to  go  home  now  love,  save  yourself  some  time.”
Fizz  wasn’t  going  to  let  them  get  away  with  it  though,  and  when  she  twisted  her  brass  ‘friend’  in  a  certain  way,  a  tiny  razor  sharp  blade  appeared  on  one  side  which  casually  ripped  at  least  two  linen  shirts  from  side  to  side  as  she  shouldered  her  way  through  the  crowd.
All  the  archers  carried  a  bow,  except  Tanya  who  had  a  long  bag  with  her.  As  the  others  strung  their  bows,  Tanya  opened  the  bag  and  took  out  the  strangest  piece  of  equipment  that  anyone  there  had  ever  seen.  Resembling  a  harp  that  had  been  designed  by  a  committee,  the  compound  bow  was  a  cat’s  cradle  of  cords  strung  between  grooved  cams  at  each  end  of  a  latticework  of  metal.  Jimmy  had  been  working  on  them  for  a  year  now,  and  although  the  first  one  had  been  a  total  disaster,  this  one,  the  fourth,  was  the  best  so  far.  He  had  given  it  to  Marco,  because  Marco  was  useless  with  a  spear,  dangerous  to  himself  with  a  sword  and  lethal  to  his  friends  with  an  axe.
Then  the  trouble  began.

Sonia  was  livid.  “You  can’t  use  a  crossbow,  it’s  cheating.”
“It’s  not  a  crossbow,”  Tanya  said  gently.  Now  was  the  time  to  stay  calm.  Let  others  do  the  shouting.
“It’s  not  your  bow,  you  said  you  hadn’t  brought  it.”
“Gloria  said  I  could  use  it.”
“You’re  a  fucking  cheat,  she  said  no  such  thing.”
“Ask  her.”
Cousin  Gloria  and  her  entourage  sat  under  a  huge  sunshade  and  she  watched  the  growing  dispute  with  unease.
“Bring  them  here,”  she  said  to  one  of  her  lackeys.
Sonia  and  Tanya  stood  before  her  and  Gloria  admitted  that  the  previous  day,  she  had  indeed  told  Tanya  that  she  could  borrow  another’s  bow  to  enter  the  team  event.
Sonia  was  furious,  and  demanded  that  Tanya  was  thrown  out  of  the  contest.  Out  of  the  village  as  well  if  possible.
“But  it’s  just  a  bow,”  she  explained.  “I  lay  the  arrow,  draw  and  loose.  Simple.”
“It’s  not  just  a  bow,”  shouted  Sonia,  “Look  at  it.  It’s  a  bloody  machine.”
Gloria  was  not  happy  with  Sonia’s  attitude  and  fast  losing  her  patience  so  she  made  her  decision.  “I  said  to  prima  Tanya,”  and  she  stressed  the  title  ‘prima’,  “that  she  could  use  a  different  bow,  and  this  bow;  well,  it’s  very  different  is  it  not?”
There  were  no  more  arguments,  only  dark  mutterings  between  the  Lakesiders,  and  the  contest  began,  and  began  badly  for  Sonia  who  let  her  team  mates  down  by  not  scoring  any  golds  in  the  first  round.  Neither  did  Tanya,  who  was  the  weak  link  in  her  team,  but  Fizz  did  well,  and  three  of  Margo’s  four  arrows  found  the  centre  gold.
Each  team  member  had  to  shoot  four  arrows  and  the  lowest  scoring  team  after  each  round  was  eliminated.  Margo’s  efforts  put  them  in  first  place,  for  the  time  being,  and  Central  went  out  first.
Sonia  was  regaining  her  composure  again  and  started  to  find  the  middle  of  the  target,  which  had  been  pushed  out  to  forty  metres  distance  for  the  second  round.
Tintown  went  out,  with  Lakeside  only  two  points  behind  Ibis.
Fifty  metres  and  the  treetops  were  waving  in  the  intermittent  breeze.  Altmore  out  but  the  prospect  of  eating  grass  was  looming  larger  as  the  Lakesiders  settled  down.
Only  Ibis  and  Lakeside  left  in  the  contest  and  the  two  targets  were  now  at  sixty  metres.  Gold,  blue  or  white,  and  the  white  was  less  than  a  metre  in  diameter.  Tanya  had  drawn  the  short  straw  and  had  to  go  first.  Her  whole  world  was  narrowed  down  to  that  far  circle  and  she  turned  the  adjusting  screw  until  the  pointer  was  on  the  ‘60’.
The  bow  was  half  raised  and  then  lowered  again  to  catcalls  from  the  partisan  crowd.  She  closed  her  eyes  and  let  her  mind  see  the  target.  She  altered  the  sighting  screw  to  ‘59’  and  lifted  the  bow  again.  Lay,  draw  and  loose.  Simple.  If  only  the  wind  had  not  been  so  cruel.  She  missed  and  the  crowd’s  jeers  grew  louder.
The  first  round  wasn’t  a  total  disaster  though,  as  the  wind  was  playing  havoc  with  them  all,  and  Tanya  stepped  up  to  the  mark  again  with  her  side  on  seven  points  to  Lakesides  eight.  The  conventional  bows  were  literally  a  pain  to  draw  and  then  hold  for  any  length  of  time  while  waiting  for  the  wind  to  drop.  Pulling  and  holding  the  eighteen  kilos  of  the  bow’s  tension   made  shoulder  muscles  burn  at  first,  then  scream  with  agony.
Marco’s  compound  bow  was  set  at  twenty  kilos  but  because  of  some  strange  phenomenon  of  mechanical  advantage,  only  needed  about  five  kilos  to  hold  at  full  draw.  Tanya  did  not  have  the  muscular  shoulders  of  the  regular  archers,  but  could  still  bide  her  time  while  waiting  for  a  lull  in  the  breeze.
She  hit  the  target.  White  and  only  one  point,  but  an  improvement.  All  the  others  got  blue and  two  points  each,  so  Lakeside  led  by  fourteen  to  twelve.
Tanya  swore  as  she  only  got  one  point  again,  but  took  heart  when  Conti  followed  her  into  the  white.  The  other  four  were  blue  again  and  it  was  Sonia’s  turn  to  swear  as  her  arrow  sat  just  outside  the  gold.  Nineteen  to  seventeen  and  only  one  more  round.
Tanya  drew  back  her  final  arrow  and  whispered  a  little  prayer,  then  held,  and  held,  and  held,  and  loose.  Please,  she  mouthed  as  the  missile  sped  away  from  her.
Blue.  Two  points,  and  probably  the  best  that  she  could  hope  for  at  that  distance.
Conti,  only  one.  Fizz,  two  again,  good  old  Fizz.  Solidad’s  nerves  got  the  better  of  her  and  she  only  just  hit  the  edge  of  the  target,  one  point.  It  was  now  twenty  one  points  each  with  only  Margo  and  Sonia  still  to  shoot.
Margo  took  her  time  as  she  selected  an  arrow,  rejecting  some  by  rolling  them  across  her  palm  and  deciding  they  were  out  of  true,  and  others  by  not  liking  the  lay  of  the  goose  feathers.  At  last  she  was  satisfied  and  as  she  aimed,  she  used  some  mental  magic  of  her  own,  pretending  that  the  target  was  Marco,  who  she  had  tried  to  kill  at  Asher’s  farm.
“Shit!”  She  angrily  swore  to  herself,  and  the  Lakesiders  smirked  as  she  walked  away,  after  watching  her  carefully  chosen  arrow  miss  the  gold  by  the  narrowest  of  margins.
Sonia  was  ecstatic  and  confidently  took  her  place  at  the  mark.  Only  one  more  gold  and  we  will  be  rich,  she  thought,  no  more  begging  Consuela  to  give  them  a  few  cents  here  and  there.
The  wind  had  dropped.  Draw,  aim  and  loose.  Damn!
She  couldn’t  believe  her  eyes,  as  the  runner  at  the  targets  signalled  another  blue,  and  Gloria’s  personal  bean  counter  proclaimed  it  a  draw  at  twenty  three  points  each.
There  was  pandemonium  as  the  Ibis  team  and  supporters  congratulated  one  another,  while  the  Lakesiders  bitterly  complained  to  and  about  each  other.  Then  Gloria  asked  for  quiet,  and  told  each  team  to  choose  one  member  to  shoot  again.
The  first  choice  was  obviously  going  to  be  Margo  against  Sonia,  but  Tanya  had  other  plans.
“Cousin  Gloria,”  she  began,  “Sonia  had  a  wonderful  idea  yesterday,  and  I  wondered  if  we  could  do  something  like  she  herself  suggested.”
Sonia’s  head  whipped  round  and  she  stared  at  Tanya  with  hatred.  What  was  the  little  cow  up  to  now?
Gloria  looked  from  one  to  the  other  and  knew  who  she  liked  best.  “And  what  was  that  idea?”  she  asked.
“Bring  the  targets  back  to  thirty  metres  and  we’ll  do  it  blindfold.”
“Oh  shit,”  muttered  Simon  to  Jade,  and  she  nodded  in  agreement.  They  had  seen  Tanya  two  years  ago,  running  blindfolded  across  the  battlefield  at  Asher’s  farm  to  kill  Central’s  high  priestess.  She  had  not  put  a  foot  wrong  that  day,  but  almost  no  one  else  had  witnessed  the  strange  scene.
“This  may  get  out  of  hand,”  Jade  said  quietly.  “Get   ready  for  trouble.”
Sonia  reluctantly  agreed  to  the  strange  contest  and  drew  the  short  straw,  so  had  to  go  first.  She  chose  Solidad  to  be  her  aimer  and  they  stood  together  on  the  mark  surveying  the  target.  They  had  actually  done  this  before  and  expected  to  score  with  three  of  their  four  arrows.
At  last  the  scarf  was  tied  round  Sonia’s  head  and  she  nocked  the  arrow.  Bow  down,  raise  and  pull  back.  Solidad  stood  behind  her,  talking  softly.  “Higher,  right,  left,  loose.”  Sonia  stood  in  darkness  while  Soli  watched  the  arrow  and  target.
“White  to  the  right  and  low,”  she  murmered,  then  placed  the  second  arrow  into  Sonia’s  waiting  hand.
Next  was  a  blue,  and  the  next,  then,  oh  glorious  day,  a  gold.  Four  hits  out  of  four  and  ten  points  in  the  bag.  No  wonder  they  were  happy.
Tanya  and  Fizz  stood  as  the  others  had,  but  Fizz  was  surprised  at  Tanya’s  orders.
“Stand  there,  just  pass  me  the  arrows  and  say  nothing.  Nothing  at  all,  comprende?”
Fizz  frowned,  but  said,  “whatever  you  say,  Tan.  I  think  you’re  crazy,  but  si,  yo  comprendo.”
“Good  girl.”  She  took  a  deep  breath  and  let  it  out  slowly,  then,  “blindfold.”
Her  world  was  now  a  strange  place,  where  everything  was  in  shades  of  grey,  but  with  such  sharp  contrast  between  objects  that  she  could  see  the  leaves  on  the  trees  at  the far  end  of  the  field.  In  reality,  she  was  not  seeing,  but  seeing,  with  some  part  of  her  mind  that  had  been  awakened  by  her  training  sessions  with  Greta  the  alien  goat  creature.
Draw,  aim  and  loose.  No  problem,  and  her  first  arrow  was  in  the  blue.
Draw,  aim  and  loose.  A  gold,  but  there  was  little  cheering  as  Sonia  had  friends  from  Central  there,  and  they  were  among  the  crowd  making  not  so  subtle  threats  to  all  and  sundry.
Fizz  said  nothing,  as  Solidad  idly  toyed  with  her  knife  and  stared  at  her  menacingly.
Draw  aim  and  loose.  It  was  a  hit  of  a  different  nature,  and  Conti  shouted  with  shock  and  pain  as  the  arrow  tore  into  her  calf  muscle  and  she  stumbled  away  from  the  target,  which  she  had  been  about  to  move.
“If  she  tries  it  again,”  Tanya  said  calmly,  “I’ll  kill  her.  Then  you.”
Sonia  stared  at  her,  goggle  eyed,  while  Tanya  loosed  her  last  arrow.  Gold  again.
Tanya  ripped  the  blindfold  off  and  faced  Sonia.  “Want  to  do  Asher’s  farm  again?  Here  and  now?  Well,  do  you?”  She  screamed  the  last  words  but  said  no  more  as  Marco’s  huge  arm  swept  around  her  waist  from  behind  and  she  found  herself  lifted  off  her  feet  and  carried  from  the  field.

Evensong
“Not  another  word,  young  lady.  Not  one  single  word.”
Tanya  sat  there,  sullen  and  brooding,  as  Sylvia  berated  her.
“Cousin  Gloria’s  taken  a  shine  to  you,  heaven  knows  why  though,  and  has  promised  to  persuade  the  Lakesiders  to  do  nothing.  You.”  And  here  she  actually  dug  her  forefinger  into  the  miserable  girl’s  upper  arm,  “you  do  nothing  as  well.”
She  waited  for  a  reaction  but  there  was  none.  “Understand?”
Tanya  nodded.
Sylvia  softened  her  tone  now.  “The  title  of  prima  is  not  given  to  stupid  girls.  When  you  went  to  Ibis  from  Homestead,  you  impressed  us  all  with  your  leadership.  Be  that  same  leader  now.  Please?”
Tanya  looked  away  and  wiped  a  tear  from  the  corner  of  her  eye.  “Sorry,  Sylvie,”  she  whispered.
It  was  too  much  for  Sylvia,  who  had  been  Tanya’s  own  prima  until  a  year  ago,  and  she  sat  down  beside  her  and  put  her  arm  round  Tan’s  shoulder.  Poor  kid,  she  thought,  running  with  the  wardogs  from  the  age  of  twelve,  three  years  before  the  ‘safe’  age,  and  she  had  caught  the  virus  from  the  dogs  too  early.  Thrust  into  two  battles  at  the  tender  age  of  fourteen  when  she  had  killed  at  least  twelve  of  the  enemy.  No wonder  her  head  was  messed  up.  Tanya’s  tears  turned  into  huge  gulping  sobs  and  she  clung  to  Sylvia  as  if  her  life  depended  on  it.

Margaret  moved  away  from  the  door  where  she  had  been  listening  and  sat  down  with  the  others  on  the  porch  steps.
“What  do  we  do  now?”  asked  Simon.
Margaret  shrugged  her  shoulders,  “in  respect  to  what  exactly?”
“Tonight.  Can  we  still  afford  to  go?”
“Can  we  afford  not  to?”  said  Anton.  “If  we  go,  there  may  be  trouble,  and  if  we  don’t?”
“We  stack  up  trouble  for  later,”  Simon  finished  for  him.  “They’ll  think  we’re  pussy  cats  and  can  push  us  around.”
“We  go  then,”  decided  Margaret,  knowing  the  others  would  back  her  decision.  “But  we  go  careful.”
We  should  go  armed,  thought  Anton,  and  the  others  probably  thought  it  as  well,  but  it  remained  unspoken.
“Do  we  take  Tanya?”  asked  Jimmy.
Margaret  nodded.  “Gloria  said  that  she  still  expects  everybody  to  stick  to  the  timetable,  as  if  nothing  has  happened,  and  that  means  that  Ibis  is  entertaining  tonight.”
“So  Tanya  sings  then.”
There  was  a  brief  silence  as  they  realised  the  crying  had  stopped,  then  Jimmy  continued,  “What’s  she  singing?”
“Jingle  bells,”  said  Simon.
“Are  you  sure?”  Margaret  asked,  “that’s  a  seriously  strange  choice  of  song.”
“Positive,  she  pestered  me  for  hours  the  other  day  and  nothing  I  suggested  was  right,  until  I  said  jingle  bells.  Then  she  got  all  excited  and  said  I  was  a  genius.”
“Girls  got  cotton  wool  for  brains  if  she  said  that  boy,”  Anton  laughed.
“Genius  enough  to  know  not  to  mention  bananas  when  Margaret’s  around,”  and  Simon  ducked  just  in  time  to  avoid  Margaret’s  swinging  fist.
The  ‘ouch’  was  in  stereo  as  Anton  rubbed  his  sore  ear  and  Margaret  flapped  her  bruised  hand.
“Ha!”  retorted  Simon.  “See  where  violence  gets  you.  Now  behave  yourselves  children,  or  there’s  no  ice  cream  for  you.”

When  dusk  fell,  the  Black  Swan  began  to  fill  again,  and  at  first  there  was  an  air  of  enforced  jollity,  but  the  absence  of  the  Lakesiders  relieved  the  tension  and  everyone  began  to  relax  again.  The  wine  and  ale  were  being  served  in  a  steady  flow,  and  the  kitchen  was  churning  out  snacks  at  a  rate  that  made  Bridget  very  happy.  Spring  fairs  were  good  for  business.  Very  good.
Jade  made  her  excuses  and  went  out  of  the  back  door  to  answer  a  call  of  nature,  and  had  to  wait  her  turn  as  the  closet  was  occupied.  Occupied  by  someone  singing,  which  made  Jade  frown  and  listen  carefully  to  the  words.
‘Hummm  har  dringo  bell,  hum  har  dringo  bell’.  It  was  only  a  slightly  rude  song,  but  one  not  sung  in  the  West,  especially  not  here  in  Altmore.
The  door  opened  and  Tanya  stepped  out.  Jade’s  mind  whirled.
“What  the  hells  do  you  think  you’re  doing?”  she  said  through  gritted  teeth.
Tanya  was  surprised  by  her  tone  of  voice.  “Practising,”  she  said.
Jade  grabbed  her  by  the  arm  and  dragged  her  towards  the  inn.  “Not  here  you’re  not.”
“What  are  you  doing,  you’re  hurting  me.”
“I’ll  do  bloody  worse  if  I  hear  you  sing  that  again,  you  stupid  tart.”
“Why?  What  have  I  done?”
Jade  stopped  and  put  her  face  close  to  Tanya’s,  still  gripping  her  by  the  arm.  “Don’t  you  realise,  if  they  hear  you  singing  that  round  here,  we’re  all  dead.  You’ve  caused  enough  trouble  for  one  day,  so  get  yourself  out  of  here  and  clear  off  home.”
She  pushed  Tanya  towards  the  inn  door  and  told  her  again,  “go  on,  sod  off.”
Tanya  went,  in  tears  again,  round  the  edge  of  the  room  and  out  of  the  front  door.
Eventually,  her  absence  was  noticed  and  Marco  asked  where  she  was.
“She’s  gone  back  to  your  lodgings,”  Jade  told  him.
Marco  looked  at  her  in  disbelief.  “What’s  she  done  that  for?  Not  got  stage  fright  has  she?  I  thought  she  was  up  for  it.”
“Do  you  know  what  she  was  going  to  sing?  Well  I’ll  tell  you.  The  stupid  sod  was  only  going  to  do,”  and  here  she  only  mouthed  the  words,  “dringo  bloody  bell.”
The  men  and  Margaret  had  blank  or  baffled  expressions,  but  Sylvia  groaned  and  explained  to  Margaret,  very  quietly  so  as  not  to  be  overheard.
“They  call  us  country  bumpkins,  and  more,  so  to  get  our  own  back,  we  sing,  that  song.  It’s  a  bit  like  you  and  bananas.  Only  worse.”
“Oh,  don’t  you  start,”  complained  Margaret.
“Only  explaining,”  said  Sylvia  in  apology.  “It’s  an  old  song,  but  the  words  have  been  changed  because  of  what  happened  to  an  Altmore  woman  at  Pauline’s  place  in  Central  a  few  years  back.”
“What  happened?”
Sylvia  grinned  as  she  thought  about  it.  “Very  nasty.  I’ll  tell  you  some  other  time.”
The  mention  of  Pauline  reminded  Margaret  of  the  betting  slip  and  she  turned  to  Marco.  “Did  she  pay  you  the  money  then?”
He  smiled  and  answered,  “Oh  yes,  eventually.”
Ricky  butted  in,  “but  he  gave  her  five  pounds  back.”
“Five  pounds,  why?”
“They  locked  themselves  in,  but  now  they  need  a  new  door.”
They  all  looked  to  Marco  for  an  explanation,  but  Ricky  went  on,  “strong,  isn’t  he?”
A  huge  explosion  outside  shook  the  building,  and  the  miners,  veterans  of  the  alien  war  dived  for  cover.  When  the  screaming  stopped,  and  they  uncovered  their  heads,  it  was  to  find  all  the  local  women  still  sitting  or  standing  up  looking  towards  the windows.  Flickering  lights  of  different  colours  lit  up  the  window  panes.
“Marco,”  barked  Margaret,  commander  again.  “Seal  the  back  door.  Simon,  Ricky.  Take  point.”
Marco  leapt  over  the  tables  to  the  back  door,  helping  himself  to  a  shovel  from  the  fireplace  to  use  as  a  weapon,  while  Simon  and  Ricky  crawled  to  the  front,  much  to  the  amusement  of  the  villagers,  and  cautiously  peered  through  a  window.
A  minute  later,  Ricky  returned,  walking.
“Best  take  a  look  yourself.”
They  went  outside  onto  the  square,  where  a  growing  crowd  was  enjoying  the  fireworks  display.
“Fireworks,”  said  Anton  disgustedly.  “Grovelling  on  the  floor  because  of  some  bloody  fireworks.”
“Fireworks,”  repeated  Jimmy,  “and  I  nearly  messed  myself  for...  oh  fuck.”
Margaret  caught  on  immediately.  “What  is  it?”
“Look,”  he  said  and  she  followed  the  direction  of  his  eyes.
Across  the  square,  where  a  terrified  Ana  lit  the  fuse  of  another  rocket,  stood  Walter  and  Consuela,  flanked  by  Maria  and  Sophie.  They  were  dressed  as  usual  in  black  and  white,  and  even  though  it  was  dark  now,  still  wore  those   ridiculous  sunglasses.  
All  four  of  them  stood  perfectly  still  and  were  looking,  it  seemed,  directly  at  Margaret.
“Tell  me,”  she  said  to  Jimmy.
“Like  I  said  before,  I  remember  his  favourite  hymn  is  number  746,  because  that’s  the  number  of  Watts  in  a  horsepower,  not  76  and  I've  never  heard  of  a  ‘book  of  Holy  Ordinance’.”
“Ordnance,  not  ordinance,”  whispered  Simon,  who  knew  now  as  well.  “You  know,  military  hardware.”  Jimmy  continued  as  another  rocket  lit  up  the  square.  “He  was  using  sign  language  to  me  in  the  church.  It’s  an  engineering  thing,  for  noisy  jobs,  but  he  had  to  spell  out  some  words.  He  definitely  signed  ‘danger’,  and  I  thought  he  said  he’d  got  to  go,  but  now,  I  think  he  actually  spelled  out  ‘got  a  gun’.  And  fireworks  equals  black  powder.  Damn.”  He  cursed  his  own  stupidity  as  he  solved  Walter’s  last  riddle.  “As  he  was  leaving,  he  told  me  to  look  for  some  eggs.”
Blank  looks  all  round,  and  he  explained.  “Engineering  slang,  for  explosive  charges.”
“What  does  76  mean  then?”  asked  Marco.
Simon  looked  at  him  with  a  forlorn  expression.  “76  in  the  book  of  holy  ordnance  can  only  mean  one  thing,”  he  said.  “They’ve  only  gone  and  found  a  hail  mary.”
Anton  then  spoke,  as  if  quoting  from  a  book.  “Jane’s  Fighting  Forces,  issue  1298.  Browning  Breda  Corporation  76  millimetre  cannon,  nicknamed  Hail  Mary,  now  standard  issue  worldwide  to  all  land  based  armed  forces,  with  various  ammunitions  to  suit  all  purposes,  including  heat  seeking  and  laser  guided  self  propelled  rounds.”
Simon  turned  to  Margaret,  “It’s  unlikely,  but  if  they’ve  got  viable  ammunition,  and  they  want  another  war,  then  we’re  dead  men  already.”
Margaret  chewed  on  her  lower  lip  in  thought,  rapidly  going  through  various  scenarios.  “What’s  the  worst  they  can  do.  Without  the  proper  shells  and  using  gunpowder?”
“Scary  version?”  he  said,  “range,  to  be  accurate,  probably  not  much  more  than  500  metres,  but  they’ll  not  use  shells.”  He  paused  as  another  great  boom  echoed  round  the  buildings.  “The  hail  mary  will  take  about  two  kilos  of  steel  balls,  or  even  stones,  in  a  canister,  spreading  out  on  firing  for  maximum  damage  to  soft  targets.”
“God  help  us,”  whispered  Margaret,  “That’s  a  three  inch  bore  shotgun.”
Simon  nodded,  and  as  they  went  back  inside  the  Swan,  the  four  still  figures  across  the  square  watched  in  silent  satisfaction.

Chapter  9
It’s  a  dog  thing
Jean  Collier  looked  up  from  the  pot  she  was  stirring  over  the  campfire.  “You’ll  go  blind  you  know.”
Caroline  Sharp  rubbed  her  tired  eyes  and  decided  to  call  it  a  day.  The  light  was  fading  fast  and  trying  to  keep  the  stitches  small  and  neat  in  the  deerskin  boots  was  giving  her  a  headache.
“I  guess  you’re  right,”  she  replied,  and  started  to  put  her  precious  sewing  kit  away.
When  she  had  agreed  to  help  Jean  on  the  trade  route  between  Ibis  and  Dockside,  she  had  thought  that  it  would  be  a  welcome  change  to  working  with  her  mother,  making  and  mending  shoes  in  Ibis.
The  reality  had  been  a  bit  of  a  shock,  to  say  the  least.
Looking  after  the  wagon  and  five  uncooperative  draft  cattle  was  proving  difficult  enough,  then  she  was  struggling  with  the  physical  work  of  loading  and  unloading,  and  on  top  of  that,  she  still  found  herself  making  boots  and  moccasins  in  her  spare  time.
They  had  to  make  a  profit,  and  every  little  helped.  She  sewed  and  Jean  carved  wood,  and  anything  they  could  sell  of  their  own  making  was  for  cash  which  went  straight  into  their  own  pockets.
At  least  Jean  was  doing  the  cooking  tonight.  Whatever  was  in  the  pot  looked  right,  almost,  but  the  smell  was  a  little  strange,  and  Caroline  wished  again  for  some  of  her  mother’s  meals.
She  looked  around  the  darkening  campsite.  “Where  are  the  dogs?”  she  asked.
“Out  looking  for  their  supper,”
“Don’t  you  ever  feed  them?”
“Only  when  I  have  to,  like  when  we’re  in  town.”
Jean  stirred  the  pot  again  then  lifted  the  wooden  spoon  and  tasted  the  mixture.  “It’ll  do  I  think,”  she  said  frowning,  and  started  spooning  the  stew  into  two  wooden  bowls.  “Mostly  they  fend  for  themselves.  Makes  them  like  you.”
Caroline  took  the  offered  bowl,  “like  me?”  she  asked,  not  understanding.
Jean  smiled.  “Sharp.  Keeps  them  alert  and  that  makes  us  safer  out  here.”
As  if  on  cue,  a  dog  started  howling  in  the distance,  and  was  joined  at  intervals  by  another.  Jean  cocked  her  head  to  one  side  and  listened  intently  for  a  moment.
“Jessie,”  she  said  eventually,  “and  Rascal.”
“Don’t  know  how  you  can  tell   them  apart,”  said  Caroline,  but  Jean  held  her  hand  up  then  stood  and  turned  to  face  North,  the  way  the  dogs  had  gone.
“They’ve  got  an  answer.  It’s  going  to  be  chaos  tomorrow,  I  think  that’s  Chaka.”
“Who’s  Chaka?”
“One  of  mum’s  pack,  and  we’ll  meet  them  sometime   tomorrow  afternoon.”
“Why  chaos  though?”
“Chaka’s  top  dog  and  Jessie’s  top  bitch.  They’ll  either  be  all  lovey  dovey,  or  trying  to  tear  each  other  to  bits.  It’s  a  dog  thing.”  She  sat  down  again.  “How’s  your  supper?”
“This  bread,”  Caroline  stated  firmly,  holding  up  her  portion,  “is  absolutely  fantastic.”
“Really?”
“Yep.  Best  flatbread  I’ve  ever  tasted,  don’t  know  how  you  get  it  so  good.”
“It’s  the  plate  I  bake  it  on.  Very  special.”
Caroline  peered  at  the  metal  slab  at  the  side  of  the  fire.  “Looks  ordinary  to  me.”
“Looks  aren’t  everything  you  know.  That  was  my  mum’s,  and  probably  my  gran’s  before  that  as  well.”
Caroline  tried  to  look  suitably  impressed  with  the  family  heirloom.
“And  the  stew?”  added  Jean.
“That’s  the  best  as  well.”
“Really?”  asked  Jean  smiling  broadly.
“Definitely  the  best  stew  I’ve  had  today,”  Caroline  said  grinning.
Jean  saw  the  funny  side  and  laughed  with  her.  “Not  my  strong  point  is  it?  Somebody  else  will  be  cooking  tomorrow.  Mum  with  a  bit  of  luck.”

They  met  the  next  afternoon  as  predicted,  at  one  of  their  regular  campsites  just  to  the  North  of  Ibis.  Fran  was  proud  of  ‘her’  campsites,  and  this  one  was  the  best  of  them  all.  In  the  grounds  of  a  derelict  church,  there  was  fresh  water  from  a  small  spring  and  the  old  stone  walls  on  three  sides  kept  the  worst  of  the  weather  off  in  the  Winter.  Now  it  was  nearly  Summer,  and  the  overhanging  trees  gave  shade  from  the  burning  sun.
Also  as  predicted,  the  dogs  were  frantic,  but  only  for  a  short  while  and  there  was  no  real  violence  between  them.  Perhaps  the  sight  of  Fran  reaching  for  her  ‘big  stick’  brought  back  unhappy  memories  of  when  she  had  last  driven  them  apart  with  a  very  firm  hand.  Top  dog  or  not,  Chaka  recognised  Fran  as  the  boss.
The  afternoon  turned  into  evening,  and  after  sunset,  the  two  parties  settled  down  and  swapped  stories  of  their  latest  journeys,  while  Caren  and  Denny  sat  slightly  apart  and  softly  sang  what  they  could  remember  of  the  songs  they  had  heard  in  the  Black  Swan  at  Altmore.
The  quiet  night  was  the  last  peace  that  some  of  them  would  know  for  a  long  time.

Morning  shift
Breakfast  over,  Fran  gave  her  daughter  Jean  the  bad  news.
“We’re  swapping  wagons.  You  and  Caroline  are  taking  the  cruiser  to  Homestead  for  me,  while  I  go  on  to  the  coast  with  these  two  girls  in  yours.”
Jean  was  mortified.  “Mum!”  she  exclaimed.  “I’ve  never  handled  four  pairs  before.  Not  on  my  own.”
“Oh  thanks,”  muttered  Caroline.  “Invisible  now  am  I?”
Jean  shot  her  a  withering  glance.  “Can  you  drive  cattle?  No,  I  thought  not.”  Then  she  addressed  her  mother  again.  “Mother,  you  cannot  be  serious.  You  are  aren’t  you?”
Fran  didn’t  bother  to  answer,  just  giving  Jean  one  of  her  looks.  What  she  said  was  law,  in  her  family  anyway.
“It’ll  all  end  in  tears,”  Jean  prophesied.  “What’s  the  big  deal,  anyway?”
“Big  cargo,  big  profit,”  said  Fran.
Jean  frowned.  “Just  how  big  a  cargo  is  it?”
“Oh,  not  much.  A  couple  of  tons  of  steel  rods…”
“What?”  Jean  exploded.
“And  a  few  odds  and  ends  of  copper  and  brass.  All  for  Billie  at  Homestead.”
Jean  visibly  wilted,  and  gave  in  to  the  inevitable.  “I’m  not  unloading,”  she  said  defiantly.  “She  can  take  it  all  off  herself.  I’m  not  paid  enough  for  that.”
Then  to  Caroline,  “come  on,  lets  get  our  bloody  boxes  swapped,  We’ve  not  made  all  those  ladles  and  moccasins  for  nothing.”
Caren  and  Denny  helped  to  carry  the  boxes  of  personal  things  between  wagons  and  Denny  spotted  a  familiar  object.
“What  on  earth  have  you  got  this  for?”  and  she  held  up  the  horned  skull  that  Robin  had  said  was  that  of  the  alien  Horner.
Jean  shifted  uneasily  as  she  answered.  “Found  it  near  Homestead,  and  I’m  taking  it  to  Algar.”
“Why  Algar?”  mused  Denny,  “and  do  you  know  what  it  is?”
Jean  thought  for  a  moment  before  replying.  “It’s  a  big  goat,  I  think,  and  they’ve  gone  a  bit  scientific  at  Algar,  taking  a  strange  interest  in  animal  skulls  and  things.  They  pay  me  anything  up  to  a  pound  for  interesting  ones,  like  that.”
Denny  smiled  as  she  put  the  skull  back  into  the  box.  “Well,  they’ll  have  a  fine  time  examining  that  one.  Not  many  more  like  it  on  earth  I  shouldn’t  wonder,”  knowing  full  well  that  if  Robin  had  been  right,  there  were  only  two  others.  One  still  in  the  minefield  and  another  walking  around  somewhere,  probably  crazy  but  still  alive.
“Why  are  you  going  to  the  coast  with  Fran?”  asked  Caroline.
“The  families  at  Gap  all  seem  to  be  named  after  birds,  and  Caren’s  looking  for  anyone  called  Hummingbird.”
Jean  looked  up  quickly  on  hearing  the  name.  “You’ll  not  find  them  there  now.”
“You  know  them?”  asked  Denny,  and  called  Caren  over.
“Hey  Caz,  Jean  here  knows  the  Hummingbirds.”
“So  do  you,”  said  Jean.  “All  three  of  them.”
“We’ve  never  heard  of  that  name.”
“Well  you  wouldn’t  have,  would  you,”  she  continued.  “It  was  about  three  generations  ago  when  the  man  Hummingbird  died  at  Gap.  He  was  the  last  man  left  there,  and  his  wife  upped  and  moved  to  Homestead.  Didn’t  like  the  sea  or  something.”
They  looked  at  her  in  amazement.  They  had  been  two  years  in  Homestead,  and  had  never  heard  this  story.
“So  she  started  to  work  in  the  taverna  and  eventually  took  it  over.  Didn’t  change  the  taverna’s  name,  but  changed  hers  instead.”
Caren  and  Denny  looked  at  each  other  in  disbelief.  “The  Vine,”  they  said  in  unison.
Jean  nodded.  “That’s  right.  Frankie,  Kirsty  and  Tanya.”
“And  Tanya’s  in  Ibis  right  now,”  continued  Caren.
Jean  frowned.  “Well,  no  she’s  not.  She  went  to  Altmore  with  Marco  and  some  others  and  they  haven’t  come  back  yet.”
Denny  whirled  round  and  caught  Jean  by  the  wrist.  “Not  back?  Are  you  sure.”
Jean  shook  her  arm  free.  “Yes,  we  called  in  at  Toogood  farm  yesterday.”
“Where  the  hells  is  she?”  asked  Caren.
“What  do  you  mean?”  answered  Jean.
“She  left  Altmore  a  few  days  ago.”
“Got  in  a  state  about  people  getting  high  and  mighty  with  her,”  added  Denny,  “so  she  left  in  a  bit  of  a  huff.”
“Without  telling  anyone.”  mused  Caren.
“No  one  at  all,”  said  Denny  slowly.
“Not  even  Marco.”
They  stood  in  silence  a  moment,  considering  the  possibilities.  Not  for  a  moment  did  they  even  come  close  to  guessing  the  truth,  but  they  were  thinking  along  the  right  lines  now.
“Do  you  know  who  actually  saw  her  leave?”  asked  Denny.
“Margaret  said  that  the  woman  of  the  house  she  was  staying  in  saw  her  go,”  said  Caren.   “Not  close  up,  but  said  she  recognised  her  curly  hair  and  that  weird  dress  she  had  on.”
She  stood  for  a  moment,  hands  on  hips  and  deep in  thought,  then  as  she  stooped  down  to  pick  up  the  last  box  to  put  aboard  the  cruiser,  there  was  a  brief  flash  of  red  in  the  morning  sun  as  her  new  necklace  dangled  free  from  her  blouse.
Jean  gasped  as  she  recognised  it.  “Where  did  you  get  that  from,”  she  demanded,  grabbing  the  ring  on  the  string  around  Caren’s  neck.
“Steady  girl,”  said  Caren,  pulling  away  from  her.
“Where  did  you  get  it?”  said  Jean  through  gritted  teeth,  bunching  her  free  hand  into  a  fist.  “It’s  hers,  Tanya’s.”

It  was  no  contest,  as  Jean  was  only  an  amateur  when  compared  to  Denny  and  Caren.  Most  of  the  Spangerland  women  were  amateurs  when  it  came  to  fighting  skills,  whereas  the  two  girls  from  the  future  had  done  their  tour  of  duty  on  border  patrol,  and  Jean  was  soon  in  tears  on  the  grass.  Fran  sat  between  them  and  heard  the  whole  story  again.
“So,  Tanya  Vine  left  a  week  ago,  and  somebody  saw  her  coming  South,  but  she  hasn’t  arrived  at  Toogood  farm.”  She  scratched  her  head  idly  for  a  moment.  “She’s  somewhere  else  then,”  she  pronounced,  and  the  others  groaned.
“We’ve  already  got  that  far  ourselves,”  hissed  Denny.
Fran  held  up  her  hand  for  silence.  “There’s  more  to  this  than  meets  the  eye,  I  think.  Our  Jean  gave  that  ring  to  Tanya  a  couple  of  years  ago,  and  yet  you’ve  bought  it  off  a  skinny  street  girl.  How’s  that  I  wonder?”  She  looked  directly  at  Caren.  “Could  she  have  robbed  her,  do  you  think?  Tanya’s  a  handy  girl  in  a  fight  and  couldn’t  have  lost  out  to  a  skinny  thing,  could  she?  No!”  She  answered  her  own  question  and  carried  on.  “We’ll  put  in  what  I  know  as  well,  stir  it  up  and  see  what  comes  to  the  top.”
She  sat  humming  gently  to  herself,  came  to  a  conclusion,  and  then  told  them  what  she  thought  likely  to  have  happened.
“That  woman  didn’t  see  Tanya  leaving,”  she  stopped  the  interruption  from  Caren,  “what  she  saw  was  curly  hair  and  a  fancy  dress.  Could  have  been  anybody.”
“What…”
“How…”
Fran  ignored  the  questions.  “I  happen  to  know  that  Dolores  got  a  bit  of  a  telling  off  from  Gloria.  Seems  one  of  her  wigs  went  missing  and  Dolly  got  the  blame.”
“A  wig,”  said  Caren  quickly.
“A  wig  and  Tanya’s  dress,”  added  Denny,  “Which  means  that  someone  took  it  off  her.
“And  her  ring,”  said  Jean.
“I  think  that  Tanya  Vine  could  be  in  a  spot  of  bother.  We’ve  got  to  find  the  skinny  girl  and  ask  her  a  few  questions,  like  ‘where  did  you  get  that  ring?’.”
“So  we’re  going  to  Altmore,”  said  Jean.
Fran  gave  a  little  smile,  “some  of  us  are,”  she  said,  “and  some  of  us  are  taking  eight  oxen,  a  cruiser  and  a  pile  of  steel  to  Homestead.”
“Oh,  mum…”

Telling  no  one  why  they  wanted  the  information,  Fran,  Denny  and  Caren  got  lucky  in  Altmore,  quickly  finding  out  who  the  skinny  girl  was,  then  got  unlucky  just  as  fast  when  they  were  told  that  Daisy  Fleet,  street  brat  and  thief  had  been  taken  to  Central  by  the  militia  to  face  some  pretty  rough  justice.
“Seems  we’re  going  to  Central  then,”  said  Caren.  “Is  it  far?”
“Far  enough  if  you’re  walking,”  answered  Fran.  “Pity  we  haven’t  got  camels.”
“Oh  what  I  wouldn’t  give  to  have  a  camel  again,”  said  Denny  wistfully,  not  noticing  Fran’s  agonised  expression.
Nobody  had  seen  a  camel  for  several  generations,  but  Fran  gradually  relaxed  as  she  decided  the  girls  hadn’t  noticed  her  slip  of  the  tongue.
“Take  us  about  a  day,  day  and  a  half.  Longer  if  we  were  in  cargo,  but  travelling  light,  yeh,  day  and  a  half.”
“Thought  you  knew  everything  Fran,”  said  Denny.
“How  do  you  mean?”
“Well,  Jean  knew  about  the  Hummingbirds  from  Gap,  but  you  didn’t.”
“Ah,  well,”  said  Fran  wisely,  “Everybody  knows  something,  and  everything  is  known  by  somebody.  It’s  just  a  matter  of  knowing  who  knows  what,  and  knowing  what’s  known  by  who,  cos  it  wouldn’t  do  for  somebody  to  know  everything,  well...  their  head  would  swell  up  and  explode  I  reckon.  Don’t  you?”
Caren  and  Denny  swapped  mischievous  glances  and  tried  desperately  not  to  laugh  out  loud.  Fran’s  observations  on  life  were  generally  amusing,  but  that  one  topped  the  lot.  So  far  anyway.

Tintown  woes
Olivia  Deacon  looked  out  of  her  office  window  and  sighed  in  despair  at  the  sight  of  the  rubble  strewn  wasteland  that  led  down  to  the  mine  entrance,  and  she  gazed  longingly  at  the  far  mountains.  Four  years  ago,  this  had  been  a  happy  farming  community.  The  land  wasn’t  the  best  for  growing  anything  except  oranges  and  vegetables,  and  keeping  sheep  of  course,  but  life  had  been  good.  The  underground  warehouse  complex  had  been  discovered  when  Sally  Foot  had  fallen  through  the  bottom  of  a  new  well  she  had  been  digging,  and  the  happy  times  were  over.  Not  at  first,  obviously.  The  new  found  wealth  that  was  there  for  the  taking  had  changed  their  lives,  but  there  were  problems  in  actually  managing  to  take  that  wealth  out  of  the  ground  and  sometimes  Olivia  longed  for  the  peace  and  quiet  of  the  old  times.
Someone  knocking  at  the  door  broke  the  spell  of  her  reverie  and  she  returned  to  the  dreary  life  of  here  and  now.
“Enter.”
Miriam,  the  overseer  entered.  “Sorry  to  bother  you,”  she  said  in  a  manner  that  suggested  that  nothing  bothered  her  much  at  all.  “Shilling  is  insisting  on  seeing  you.”
Olivia  raised  her  eyebrows.
“Shilling.  Temple  trash,”  Miriam  explained.  “Won’t  say  what  it’s  about.”
The  mine  boss  sighed  resignedly  again.  One  of  the  ex  priestesses  had  died  in  a  rock  fall  a  few  days  ago  and  her  body  had  not  been  recovered.  There  were  rumours  of  the  mine  being  haunted  by  her  spirit  wanting  a  bloody  revenge.
“Bring  her  in.”
Cherry  Shilling  shuffled  into  the  room  and  stood  with  head  down,  not  willing  to  make  eye  contact  with  anyone.  Olivia  looked  at  her  in  disgust.  The  rags  she  wore  would  not  last  much  longer,  and  the  smell  of  her  unwashed  body  was  appalling.
“Speak,  girl,”  commanded  Miriam,  and  prodded  her  in  the  back  with  her  cane.
“Honey,”  whispered  Cherry  in  a  cracked  voice.
There  was  silence  for  a  second  then  Cherry  cried  out  in  fear  as  Miriam  raised  her  cane,  “not  for  me,  not  for  me,”  she  yelled,  and  fell  to  the  floor  as  the  cane  struck  her  across  the  shoulders.
“Enough!”  shouted  Olivia  as  Miriam  lifted  the  heavy  stick  again.
They  locked  eyes  across  Cherry’s  prostrate  body  and  Miriam  backed  down,  lowering  the  cane  and  retreating  a  step.
“Leave  us,”  said  Olivia  forcefully.  “Now.”
Reluctantly,  Miriam  left  the  office  and  the  outer  door  slammed  shut  behind  her.  Olivia  opened  the  office  door  to  check  that  she  had  actually  left  the  building  and  then  sat  at  her  desk  again,  noticeably  leaving  the  door  open.
“Tell  me  why  you’re  here,  and  what  you  really  want.”
Cherry  coughed  and  wiped  her  nose  on  her  ragged  sleeve,  but  did  not  wipe  her  eyes.  No  one  actually  working  inside  the  mine  cried  any  more.  They  were  beyond  tears  and  resigned  to  their  fate.
“Honey,”  she  repeated,  “A  few  herbs  and  clean  bandages.”
Olivia  drummed  her  fingers  on  her  desk  top.  “That’s  the  what,”  she  said,  “but  tell  me  the  why.”  As  an  afterthought,  she  then  asked,  “and  why  honey.”
Cherry  raised  her  eyes  at  last.  “We  lost  Sandy  last  week,  but  a  replacement’s  coming,  and  she  mustn’t  die,  and  honey’s  very  medicinal.”
Olivia  considered  the  strange  statement.  The  templars  were  supposed  to  have  some  sort  of  ability  to  see  the  future,  but  to  her  knowledge,  had  never  demonstrated  it  before.
“Everybody  dies  eventually,  so  why  should  I  care  then,  whether  another  digging  rat  goes  under?”
“She’s  innocent,  and  they’ll  be  looking  for  her.”
“Who?”
Cherry  shook  her  head,  “don’t  know.  Can’t  see  that  much  detail.”
“Tell  me  what  you  know,  and  if  it  turns  out  not  to  be  true…  well  then,  perhaps  Miriam  will  have  some  more  fun  with  you.”
Cherry  shuddered  at  the  thought  of  Miriam  having  ‘fun’,  but  recited  what  she  and  the  other  two  had  seen  between  them.
“She’s  hurt  bad  and  not  worth  the  asking  price,  but  there  are  three  ways  it  can  go,”  she  started.  “Don’t  let  us  have  what  she  needs  and  she  will  certainly  die.  Give  us  the  things  to  help  her  and  she  lives.”
Olivia  waited  but  Cherry  stayed  silent.  “That’s  only  two  ways.”
Cherry  shrugged,  “anyone  who  goes  in  there,”  and  she  looked  towards  the  mine,  “runs  the  risk  of  dying,  so  help  her  to  live  and  she  can  still  die.”
“So  I  ask  again,  why  should  I  care  about  this  one?”
“Times  are  changing  and  maybe,  just  maybe,  we  could  all  be  what  we  once  were.  All  of  us,  but  only  if  she  lives.  She’s  special,  and  has  very  powerful  friends.”
“Such  as,  who?”
Cherry  swallowed  nervously.  “The  angel  of  death  is  looking  for  her.  Pray  she  doesn’t  come  here  and  find  her  friend  dead.”

Chapter  10
Arena
Carla  Keys  was  not  in  a  good  mood.  “And  I’m  telling  you,  for  the  last  time,  that  if  you  really  want  to  see  her,  then  you  go  round  to  the  main  gate  and  join  the  other  sad  bastards,  with  your  ten  cents  clutched  in  your  sweaty  paws.  Now,  piss  off!”
The  hatch  slammed  shut  and  Caren  stepped  back  from  the  door  in  dismay.
“All  this  way,  and  for  nothing,”  she  exclaimed bitterly.
Denny  sighed  and  kicked  a  stone  across  the  dusty  street.  “Don’t  know  what  we  can  do  now  sugar,”  she  said  quietly.
“Well...”  said  Fran  reluctantly.  “No.  Better  not.”
Caren  looked  at  her  expectantly.  “Yes?”
“Well,  I  was  thinking,  you  could  join  her  of  course.”
“What?”  yelped  Denny.  “We  have  to  rob  someone  and  let  ourselves  get  caught?”
Fran  laughed.  “No  girl,  nothing  like  that,  but  the  truth  is,  it’s  not  an  easy  option.”
“Go  on,”  Caren  said  slowly,  “what’s  the  catch.”
The  trader  pursed  her  lips  before  continuing.  “She  was  found  guilty  of  robbing  three  people,  so  she’ll  be  in  the  arena  against  those  three,  or  more  likely,  someone  from  their  households.  She’ll  probably  be  badly  injured  before  the  judge  says  enough  is  enough,  and  maybe  no  use  to  you,  so  you’ve  got  to  see  her  before  the  fight.”
“We’d  already  worked  that  out,”  said  Denny,  “but  we’ve  just  tried  it.  Haven’t  we?”
“Yes,  but  there’s  another  way.  Custom  is,  that  before  the  start,  she  gets  three  chances  to  ask  if  anyone  will  help  her  out.”
Caren  almost  jumped  for  joy  as  she  saw  the  opportunity.  “So  we  could  join  in  and  make  it  three  on  three,”  she  exclaimed  excitedly.
Her  joy  withered  as  Fran  slowly  shook  her  head.  “If  only  it  could  be  like  that  girl,  but  they  have  to  keep  the  crowds  amused.  The  odds  have  been  set,  and  it  will  be  two  against  six,  or  three  against nine.”
Caren  was  aghast,  but  to  her  concern,  Denny  suddenly  got  a  thoughtful  expression.
“The  good  thing  is,”  Fran  continued,  “you  would  get  to  speak  to  her,  and  she  might  tell  you  what  you  wanted  to  know  before  it  all  gets  nasty.  Then  you  would  only  have  to  survive …. oh …. ten  minutes  or  so?  Maybe.”
Caren  shook  her  head  in  disappointment.  “Thanks  Fran,  but  I’m  not  ready  to  die  yet.”
Denny  butted  in,  “what  weapons  will  they  allow?”
Caren  whirled  round,  catching  her  adopted  sister  by  the  arm.  “Denny,  we  can’t  do  it.  We’re  out  of  practice.”
“What  weapons?”  Denny  asked  again,  gently  shrugging  her  off.
“It’s  only  a  plain  case  of  thievery,  so  no  metal  allowed,  neither  armour  nor  blades.”
“So  it  would  be  clubs  and  stuff?”  Asked  Caren  in  disbelief.
“Yeh,  usually.  Or  staffs  like  yours,  and  antlers  are  a  good  choice.  Nice  and  pointy.”
Denny  had  already  decided.  “Where  do  we  get  signed  up?”
“Take  a  seat  near  the  front,  and  when  she  asks  for  help,  you  stand  up  and  name  yourself.”  Fran  chuckled.  “There’ll  be  chaos  for  a  while,  cos  they’ll  have  to  find  six  more  to  go  against  you.  No  one  ever  stands  for  a  street  brat.”
“They  do  today,”  answered  Denny  grimly.  “Come  on  Cas,  we  can  do  this.  You  need  her.”
Caren  gave  a  big  sigh.  “Persuade  me.”
Denny’s  eyes  twinkled  now.  “Nine  against  three,  but  your  little  thief  takes  one  of  them.  That  makes  it  eight  to  two.  Fair  odds  for  Hummingbird’s  ring  champions.
Fran  shook  her  head,  not  understanding.  “Champions  of  what  exactly?”
“Kendo  and  wushu,”  answered  Denny.
“Can  do  and  whooshy?  What’s  that  then?”
Caren  smiled  at  last,  “dancing  with  broomsticks,”  she  answered  cheerfully.
Fran’s  jaw  dropped  and  she  gaped  at them  in  amazement.  “Dancing  with...?  You’re  crazy!  No,  you’re  serious  aren’t  you?  You  really  think  you  can  beat  them.”
They  nodded  and  Denny  grinned  at  her.  “Didn’t  see  us  at  Asher’s  farm  did  you?  Thought  not,”  she  continued,  “we  didn’t  even  get  warmed  up  for  that  one.”
It  was  Fran’s  turn  to  be  thoughtful.  “Right,”  she  said  eventually,  “give  me  your  knives  and  get  yourselves  in  there.  I’ve  got  to  go  and  see  an  old  friend  of  mine.”

The  great  water  clock  on  the  temple  roof  opposite  the  arena  showed  that  the  time  was  approaching  two,  and  the  noise  of  the  crowd  was  growing  louder  with  every  passing  minute.
Glen  was  hungry  again.  “Want  one?”  she  asked,  and  held  out  the  bowl  towards  Beryl.
Beryl  studied  the  contents  for  a  moment.  “What  did  she  say  they  were?”
“Hamster?”
“Not  just  now  thanks,”  answered  Beryl,  “too  ratty  for  my  taste.”
Glen  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  picked  out  a  morsel  for  herself.  “Your  loss,  my  gain,”  she  said,  and  bit  delicately  into  the  sliver  of  meat.
Beryl  looked  away.  She’d  eaten  some  strange  things  before,  when  times  were  hard  and  there  had  been  nothing  else,  but  felt  that  they  had  a  certain  standing  in  the  community  now,  and  should  be  seen  to  be  above  such  base  foodstuffs.
“Nice,”  muttered  Glen,  licking  the  grease  from  her  lips.  “Look,  the  fun’s  starting,”  and  she  pointed  towards  the  other  side  of  the  arena.
A  ragged  cheer  rose  as  the  prisoner  was  escorted  across  the  arena’s  sand  by  Carla  the  gatekeeper,  until  they  stood  in  front  of  the  judge,  Millie  Storm.
Millie  rose,  and  the  crowd  was  briefly  quietened.  “You  have  been  found  guilty  of  three  cases  of  robbery,  and  face  the  champions  of  your  victims.  Defeat  them  and  walk  free.  Lose,  and  the  extent  of  your  defeat  is  your  only  punishment,  and  then  you  are  also  free  to  go  about  your  lawful  business.  May  the  Lady  above  be  merciful  upon  you.”  She  sat  and  imperiously  waved  the  pair  away.
It  was  a  simple  system.  No  jails  were  required,  the  victims  meted  out  their  own  brand  of  punishment  and  Pauline’s  Pleasure  Parlour  made  a  profit.
The  judge  got  a  share  of  the  days  profit  as  well,  but  nobody  was  stupid  enough  to  talk  about  that  part  of  the  proceedings.
“Come  on  girl,”  whispered  Carla,  in  a  not  unfriendly  manner.  “Stand  up  straight  and  look  good  for  your  friends.”
“Ain’t  got  none,”  was  the  quiet  reply,  and  Daisy’s  bottom  lip  started  to  quiver.
“Put  on  a  good  show  then,  and  someone  will  surely  look  after  you  when  it’s  all  over.  Won’t  they?”
The  girl  shook  her  head  slightly  and  looked  sadly  downwards.
Carla  gave  up  trying  to  be  cheerful.  “Chin  up  girl,  can’t  let  the  folks  down.  Now  say  your  piece.  Go  on,  say  it  loud  and  clear.”
She  squeezed  her  eyes  shut  and  said  what  she  had  been  taught  in  the  cellar.  “My  name  is  Daisy  Fleet.  Will  anyone  stand  with  me?”
There  was  no  reply,  only  the  excited  buzz  of  the  crowd.  A  few  were  laughing  at  the  girls  plight,  and  some  angry  voices  were  heard  from  the  doorway  at  the  top  of  the   terrace  as  a  minor  disturbance  broke  out.
Daisy  looked  briefly  round  the  circle  of  mocking  faces  and  a  single  tear  rolled  down  her  cheek.  “My  name  is  Daisy  Fleet.  Will  anyone  please  stand  with  me.”
More  laughter  and  jeering  from  the  eager  audience,  and  even  more  shouting  from  the  terrace  doorway.
“Out  of  the  way  fathead,  make  way  for  real  women.”
Caren  had  decided  that  being  polite  wasn’t  going  to  work  and  angrily  pushed  her  way  through  the  door,  followed  closely  by  Denny.
“My  name  is  Daisy  Fleet…”  Daisy  rubbed  the  tears  away  with  the  back  of  her  hand  as  Caren  made  it  to  the  bottom  tier  and  vaulted  over  the  arena  wall.  “And  I  am  Caren  Hummingbird.”
The  effect  on  the  crowd  was  incredible,  and  as  Caren  strode  to  Daisy’s  side,  people  began  standing  up  for  a  better  view  of  the  idiot  in  the  black  cloak.
“The  house  of  Hummingbird  stands  with  Daisy  Fleet.”
Daisy  burst  into  tears  of  relief  and  Caren  put  her  arm  round  the  sobbing  girl’s  shoulders  and  pulled  her  close.  “Hush  girl,  it  gets  worse  now  before  it  gets  better.”
“I  am  Denzil  Sazgood,  and  the  house  of  Sazgood  stands  with  Daisy  Fleet.”
The  crowd  went  wild.  Nothing  like  this  had  been  seen  before,  not  at  odds  of  three  to  one,  and  they  realised  that  this  was  turning  into  a  real  spectacle.

“Sazgood?”
Glen  turned  to  Beryl.  “Mmmm?”  she  said  round  a  mouthful  of  rodent.
“Sazgood,”  Beryl  repeated  thoughtfully.  “I  know  that  name.  How  much  money  have  you  got  on  you?”
Glen  shrugged  her  shoulders,  “oh,  about  three  pounds,”  she  said  slowly.
“No  Glen.  Not  how  much  do  you  want  me  to  know  about.  How  much  have  you  really  got?”
Glen  sighed.  She  was  going  to  be  broke  again.  “Six  pounds  seventy  two  cents.”
Beryl  held  her  hand  out  expectantly.  “Come  on  Glen,  pass  it  over.  We’ve  got  to  get  to  the  booth  before  they  catch  on.”
Glen  reluctantly  handed  over  her  bag  of  coins,  and  Beryl  made  her  way  to  the  betting  booth  trying  to  look  nonchalant.

“What’s  all  this  then?”  asked  Carla  in  amazement.
Caren  looked  at  her  scornfully.  “We  stand  with  Daisy.  Thought  it  was  obvious,  even  the  crowd  understands.”
“Humph.  It’s  you  two  is  it?  Knew  you  were  troublemakers.”
“Go  away  gatekeeper,”  snarled  Denny.  “I’m  sure  you’ve  got  things  to  do?”
Carla  Keys  was  perplexed.  “You  can’t  use  knives  or  anything  similar.  Rules  is  rules.”
Denny  held  out  her  walking  staff.  “Made  of  wood,  see?  Now  it’s  your  turn  to  piss  off.”
Carla  went  away  fuming  and  muttering  to  herself,  to  ask  for  instructions  from  big  Brenda,  who  was  the  current  ‘Pauline’.
“Look  at  me  Daisy,”  said  Caren  quietly,  and  Daisy  lifted  her  sorrowful  eyes.  “We’re  here  on  one  condition,  understand?”
“What’s  that  then?”
“When  this  is  over,  you  work  for  me  for  a  short  while  until  I’ve  got  a  little  problem  sorted  out.”
“What  sort  of  work?  Stealing  and  stuff?”
Caren  shook  her  head  vigorously.  “No,  no  more  stealing  for  you.  We’re  in  the  information  business.  Now  no  more  questions.  Do  you  agree?”
Daisy  was  mystified  but  nodded.
“Do  you  agree  to  work  for  me?”  Caren  insisted.
“Yes,  I’ll  work  for  you.”
“Good.  Now  stand  over  there  and  relax,  if  you  can.  We’ve  got  to  get  ready.”
She  turned  away  and  put  her  hand  on  Denny’s  arm.  “Denny?”
“Yes  love?”
“You’re  not  going  to  change  are  you  Den?  They’re  a  superstitious  lot,  and  might  not  be  happy  if  you  did.”
Denny  answered  in  a  low  voice,  “no  need.  We’ll  play  it  straight,  give  the  punters  a  show  they’ll  never  forget.”
“So,  no   rabid  wolves  then.”  Denny  shook  her  head  slightly.  “Or  outsize  lions.”
“Promise  Cas.  Just  you  and  me,  two  ordinary  everyday  girls.  We’re  good  enough,  you  know  we  are.”
Caren  smiled  and  hugged  her  friend  and  sister.
“Now,”  continued  Denny,  “close  your  eyes,  shut  out  the  world  and  become  one  with  me.”  They  clung  together,  Denny  whispering  low  into  Caren’s  ear.

Beryl  sauntered  up  to  the  booth.  “Hello,  Rosa.  How’s  things?  Business  booming?”
Rosa  peered  warily  through  the  small window  and  uneasily  fingered  the  knife  at  her  belt.  “Not  today  it  ain’t,”  she  replied  carefully,  half  expecting  to  be  robbed  of  the  days  takings.  “Very  slack.  No  one  bets  when  it’s  three  on  one.”
“Well  let’s  liven  things  up  a  bit  shall  we?”  Beryl  replied,  rubbing  her  chin  as  if  in  thought.
Rosa  gripped  her  knife  even  tighter.
“What  odds  is  Pauline’s  giving  on  the  girl  winning?”
“Who?  Daisy  the  thief?”  replied  Rosa,  laughing  in  relief.  She  wasn’t  going  to  be  robbed  after  all.
Beryl  nodded,  “yes,  that’s  her.”
“Fifty  to  one,”  Rosa  replied,  looking  up  at  the  chalk  board  beside  her.  “Why?  Want  to  lose  some  money  do  you?”
“Well,  to  tell  you  the  truth,  I’m  getting  bored,  and  I  thought  a  little  bit  of  a  gamble  would  spark  up  the  day  a  mite  for  me  and  Glen.”
“Very  true,  very  true,”  gushed  Rosa  enthusiastically.  “A  little  flutter  makes  the  old  heart  flutter  as  well.  Perks  the  day  up  no  end.”
“Right,”  Beryl  went  on,  “make  me  out  a  ticket  at  fifty  to  one,”  and  she  paused  while  Rosa  started  to  laboriously  write  out  the  betting  slip.
“How  much  do  you  want  to  lay  out  then?”  asked  the  happy  clerk.
Beryl  produced  hers  and  Glen’s  money  bags  and  emptied  them  onto  the  counter.  After  sorting  out  the  coins  into  neat  piles,  she  announced,  “Well  I  can’t  afford  to  lose  it  all.”
“I  should  think  not,”  said  Rosa  glumly,  surveying  more  money  than  most  folks  earned  in  six  months.
“So  I’ll  keep  the  twenty  one  cents,  and  bet  the  fifteen  pounds  with  you.”
Rosa  was  dismayed.  “But,  but,  fifteen  pounds?  I’ll  have  to  see  the  boss  first.”
“Do  your  job  and  write  ‘fifteen  pounds’  on  that  ticket  now,”  Beryl  insisted.  “Or,”  she  added  in  a  menacing  voice,  “you  might  not  get  home  tonight.  Glen’s  not  in  a  very  good  mood.”

Carla  was  approaching  big  Brenda’s  office  just  as  Fran  Collier  and  Tina  Flake,  Central’s  prima,  were  leaving.
“Right  then,”  said  Brenda  cheerfully,  “see  you  later  Fran,  and  don’t  forget  to  get  that  cart  cleaned  out  for  me,  will  you?”
Fran  smiled,  “oh  I’ll  be  back  deary,  don’t  you  fret,  we’ve  got  an  independently  witnessed  contract  to  see  through.”
As  they  left,  Carla  arrived.  “You’d  better  come  down  boss,  something  odd’s  happening.”
Brenda  learnt  the  details  as  they  proceeded  to  the  arena.  “Cunning  old  cow,”  she  spat  out,  and  started  to  get  very  red  in  the  face.
“What’s  up  boss?”
“That,  that,  woman!  She’s  just  bet  her  cart  and  two  cattle  that  Daisy  will  win.”
She  stopped  suddenly  as  they  emerged  onto  the  terrace.  The  crowd  was  silent,  but  someone  was  singing.  No,  it  was  more  like  chanting.
Denny  raised  her  staff  and  firmly  thumped  it  twice  on  the  ground.  A  pause,  then  Caren  raised  hers  as  well.  Slowly,  and  together,  thud,  thud,  thud,  thud.
“Together.”  “Together.”  “Guard  high.”  “Advance  low.”  “Defend  the  East.”  “Attack  the  West.”  “Press  North.”  “Retreat  South.”  “We  are  one.”  “We  are  one.”
The  wooden  staffs  flashed  out  in  unison  to  each  side,  in  time  with  the  chant,  and  the  crowd  was  mesmerised.
“What  the  hells  are  they  doing?”  murmured  Brenda  quietly.  Then  she  dragged  her  eyes  away  from  the  odd  spectacle  and  looked  to  where  the  girl’s  opponents  were  standing.  There  were  seven  of  them  now,  the  four  extras  lured  by  the  standing  promise  of  a  pound  each.  They  were  regular  visitors  to  the  arena  and  apparently  knew  the  rules  better  than  Carla.
“Two  more,”  blurted  Brenda.  “Get  two  more,  and  make  sure  they’re  nasty  buggars.”  She  spotted  Beryl  in  the  crowd.  “Start  with  Beryl  and  her  crony,  and  let  them  know  that  Daisy’s  got  to  die.”
Carla  sped  off,  and  Brenda  hurried  towards  the  betting  booth.  “Lady,  please  let  Daisy  die,”  she  whispered  to  herself.   “I  can’t  afford  fifty  wagons  and  a  hundred  cows.”

Denny  and  Caren  had  thrown  off  their  cloaks  by  now,  and  were  standing  erect  with  left  hand  covering  their  eyes,  right  hand  thrust  forward,  and  staff  pointing  to  the   skies.  They  were  chanting  softly  now.  The final  prayer.
“I  honour  my  mother  and  father,  as  I  honour  the  Lady  of  the  night.
I  honour  my  kin  and  family,  who  give  me  strength  and  might.
I  honour  my  sister  beside  me,  as  I  know  that  she  honours  me,
If  one  of  us  falls,  the  other  is  there,  whatever  will  be  will  be.”
“So  be  it.”
Four  slow  steps  and  they  had  turned   to  face  the  other  way.  Thud,  thud,  thud,  thud.
“Together.”  “Together.”  “Guard  high.”  “Advance  low.”  “Defend  the  East.”  “Attack  the  West.”  “Press  North.”  “Retreat  South.”  “We  are  one.”  “We  are  one.”
Beryl  shook  her  head  again.  “No,  sorry  Carla,  I’d  really  like  to  earn  an  easy  pound,  but  can’t  help  you  I’m  afraid.  Too  hot  to  fight  today  I  think.  Right  Glen?”
“Right  Beryl,”  agreed  Glen.  “Maybe  next  week?”
Carla  left  them,  and  went  towards  the  next  likely  looking  bunch.
“Are  we  going  to  be  rich  Bez,  or  will  we  just  look  stupid?”
“So  long  as  they  play  it  straight,  then  it’s  rich,  lover.”
Glen  stood  up  slowly.  “Think  I’ll  stretch  my  legs  a  bit,”  she  said,  and  headed  down  to  the  arena  wall.

“Hi  Bubbles.”
The  woman  with  the  unfortunate  name,  standing  on  the  sand  in  front  of Glen,  looked  over  her  shoulder,  then  turned  round  and  gripped  Glen’s  forearm  in  the  old  style.  “Hello  Glen.  Coming  to  join  us?”
Glen  shook  her  head.  “You  must  be  joking,”  she  whispered,  not  letting  go  of  her  old  companion’s  arm.  “Don’t  you  know  about  them  two?”
Bubbles,  shabbily  dressed  and  older  than  the  others  standing  with  her,  looked  towards  Caren  and  Denny,  who  were  still  ‘warming  up’.  “Never  seen  them  before,”  she  said  slowly.  “Do  you  know  them  then?”
Glen  nodded.  “Fought  with  them  at  Asher’s  farm.  Good  job  they  were  on  our  side,  that’s  all  I  can  say.”
Bubbles  swallowed  nervously.  “I  can  see  they’re  an  odd  pair … but  what’s  special  about  them?  They’re  only  girls.”
Glen  shook  her  head  slowly.  “Look  innocent,  I’ll  admit  that.  But  that’s  the  scary  thing  you  see.”  She  leant  forward  and  whispered  even  more  quietly,  “The  blonde  one,  fastest  thing  with  a  sword  we  ever  saw.  And  the  other,”  she  looked  round  as  if  to  make  sure  no  one  was  listening,  “she’s  the  devil’s  personal  apprentice.”
Bubbles  whimpered  and  a  look  of  horror  came  over  her  face.  “The  devil?  And  she  was  at  the  farm?  Then  she’s…”
Glen  nodded  vigorously.  “You’ve  got  it  girl,”  she  said  louder.  “The  Dark  Angel,  and  you’ve  got  to  get  out  of  there.  Rumour  has  it  that  they’re  vampires,”  she  hissed  in  a  stage  whisper.
One  or  two  heads  half  turned  in  their  direction  as  Bubbles’  reactions  to  the  conversation  grabbed  their  attention.
“But  I’ve  taken  the  pound,”  the  terror  struck  woman  said  through  clenched  teeth.
“Stick  out  your  chin,  and  I’ll  knock  you  down,”  Glen  offered  cheerfully,  but  just  then  Carla  Keys  returned  with  three  of  the  militia  in  tow.
“Right,”  she  said  loudly.  “I  want  one  of  you  lot  to  stand  down  and  let  these  three  good  folk  onto  the  team.”
She  had  barely  spoken  the  words  when  Bubbles  jumped  for  joy.  “That’s  me,”  she  shouted.  “Here’s  your  pound  back.  Hasta  la  vista.”  She  hurriedly  scrambled  over  the  wall  to  join  Glen  and  they  climbed  the  terrace  to  sit  with  Beryl.
Word  had  spread  onto  the streets  about  the  strange  goings  on  in  the  arena,  which  was  slowly  filling  up,  and  they  had  to  jostle  and  push  people  aside  to  regain  their  seats.
Beryl  raised  her  eyebrows  questioningly  at  Glen.
“Old  friend,  from  way  back.  Thought  she  could  join  us  for  a  while.”
“What  about  Basher?”  asked  Beryl.  “Isn’t  she  in  your  good  books  any  more?”
Glen  shrugged  her  shoulders,  “you  heard,  I  know  you  did.  She’s  got  religion.  No  telling  if  we’ll  see  her  again.”  Then  she  turned  to  Bubbles.  “Why  so  glum?  You’re  out  of  it  now.”
Bubbles  sighed.  “I  had  a  pound,  a  real  pound  in  my  hand.  Now  I’ve  got  nothing  again.”
“Hah!  Don’t  worry  about  that  mate.  We’re  rich,  aren’t  we  Beryl.”
Beryl  nodded.  “Yep.  Got  twenty  one  cents  between  us.”
Their  new  companion’s  face  fell.  “Times  have  been  bad  Glen.  I’m  starving,”  said  Bubbles  sadly.
“Here  girl,”  said  Glen,  holding  out  her  precious  dish.  “Fancy  some  hamster?”

Rough  justice
A  bizarre  figure  emerged  from  the  dark  tunnel  at  the  North  end  of  the  arena  and  the  crowd  became  animated  again.  “Justice,”  was  the  one  word  being  uttered,  and  it  was repeated  round  the  terrace,  louder  and  louder,  until  the  newcomer  reached  the  centre  and  raised  a  hand  for  silence.
Under  the  heavy  cloak  of  green  leaves  and  twigs,  and  weighed  down  by  the  massive  headgear  made  of  leather  and  topped off  with  cow  horns,  was  Naomi  Milestone,  Centrals  second  lawyer  and  lawgiver,  and  she  wasn’t  comfortable.  She  thought  the  official  regalia  of  office  was  ridiculous,  but  put  up  with  it,  because  it  was  traditional  and  the  crowd  expected  it,  but  she  was  most  unhappy  about  having  to  rewrite  her  carefully  prepared  speech  because  of  Caren  and  Denny’s  unexpected  arrival.
There  was  an  expectant  silence  as  she  slowly  turned  to  survey  the  waiting  crowd.
“Justice  arrives  in  this  place,”  she  intoned,  and  a  sigh  came  from  the  crowd.
“A  girl,”  and  she  pointed  at  Daisy,  “accused  of  theft,  and  her  accusers,  here  to  see  justice  done.”  She  turned  round  in  a  half  crouch  to  face  the  nine  on  the  sand.  “And  here  to  receive  and  give  out  such  punishment  as  is  deserved.”
A  ragged  cheer  began  in  one  corner  of  the  stadium  and  swelled  as  more  joined  in.
“But  look!”  Naomi  shouted.  “Who  would  have  thought  that  a  lowly  child  of  the  street  would  find  a  champion.  Two  champions  no  less.”  She  addressed  Caren  and  Denny  in  a  quieter  voice.  “But  think  you,  what  sort  of  justice  is  brought  here  today?”
Then  to  the  crowd  again.  “I  am  not  the  easy  justice  of  the  knife  or  sword.  No!”
The  crowd  roared  a  mighty,  “NO!”  in  response.
“Mine  is  the  hard  justice  of  the  living  world.  No  rocks,  no  iron  or  bronze.  I  am  the  bearer  of  wood,  of  bone  and  of  flesh.  No  quick  end  with  the  thrust  of  dagger,  only  the  relentless  pain  of  bruised  flesh  and  broken  bone.  Imagine  the  horror  of  it  all,  bruise  upon  bruise,  the  agonising  crack  of  breaking  bones,  and  the  endless  screams  of  the  defeated.  Mark  you  well,  the  justice  found  in  this  place.  Now,  it  begins.”
The  crowd  closed  the  opening  speech  for  her.  “NOW,  IT  BEGINS.”
Naomi  walked  slowly  off  again  to  take  her  place  with  Millie  Storm.
“Nice  speech,”  said  Millie  quietly.
“Thankyou  dear,  bit  rough  round  the  edges,  but  had  to  make  some  of  it  up.”

At  opposite  ends  of  the  oval  arena,  the  two  groups  were  moving  into  position,  waiting  for  the  start  signal.  As  Denny  and  Caren  changed  places,  there  was  an  undignified  and  obvious  scramble  as  some  of  the  more  knowledgeable  opponents  tried  desperately  not  to  face  Denny.
Denny  smiled.  “Seems  that  they  don’t  like  me,”  she  hissed.  “Daisy,  change  sides,  stand  by  Caren.”
After  Daisy  had  moved  as  instructed,  Denny  smiled  again  but  more  grimly.  “The  big  one  in  green,  just  swapped  sides,  see  her?”  The  other  two  whispered  their  ‘yes’.  “She’s  wearing  chain.  Probably  only  a  byrnie  though,  and  she’s  after  Daisy.”
“Got  her,”  said  Caren  quietly.
Daisy  just  whimpered.
“Daisy,”  said  Caren  quietly.
“Yes?”  answered  the  frightened  girl  quietly.
“Three  steps  to  the  rear  and  one  to  the  right.  There’s  a  good  girl.  Guard  my  back.”
Denny  raised  her  staff  and  let  it  fall  twice  to  the  ground  again.  Caren  joined  her.  Thud,  thud,  thud,  thud.  “Sisters.”  “Sisters.”  “Together.”  “Together.”  “One  of  us  falls.”  “The  other  is  there.”  “We  are  one.”  “We  are  one.”  “So  be  it.”
Millie  stood  and  raised  the  hammer  high.  The  crowd  watched  in  silence.  After  a  dramatic  pause,  the  hammer  fell  and  the  great  bell  rang  out  it’s  one  clear  note.  The  crowd  roared  out  it’s  approval  and  the  nine  motley  justice  bringers  advanced,  some  more  eagerly  than  others.  Closing  the  gap,  twenty  paces,  nineteen,  eighteen.  Still  the  sisters  stood,  heads  bowed,  waiting.  Twelve  paces  and  Denny  looked  up  at  last.
“Brown  hair,  weak  on  left  leg,  attack  her  from  the  right.  Big  nose  has  bamboo  knife  in  her  jerkin.  Two  in  brown  trousers  wearing  spiked  gloves.  Don’t  let  them  close.”  She  talked  for  her  own  benefit,  but  knew  that  Caren  heard  her.  “The  rest  can   wait.”
Caren  stood  sideways  on  to  the  advancing  mob,  legs  apart  and  slightly  flexed.
“Let  them  come  to  me,  let  them  come,” she whispered.  “Lady  above,  guide  my  feet  and  hands  today.  Let  us  be  strong,  let  us  be  one.  Let  them  come.”
Daisy  whimpered  again,  but  gripped  the  ash  spear  tighter  to  her  chest.
Rosita  Melon  swallowed  nervously  as  she  walked across  the  sand  with  her  knobstick  resting  on  her  right  shoulder.  She  was  here  because  she  needed  the  money,  and  had  chosen  the  knobstick  because  of  it’s  simple  style,  which  made  it  a  weapon  that  even  a  novice  like  her  could  use.  A  metre  long,  sharpened  at  one  end  with  a  hard-wood  ball  as  big  as  your  fist  glued  and  pinned  at  the  other,  it  was  made  for  brawls,  not  battles.
“Mari?”  she  said  in  a  low  voice  to  the  woman  next  to  her,  “I  don’t  think…”
She  never  finished  the  sentence  as  Patrice  Silver,  the  ‘big  one  in  green’  took  command.  “No  time  for  fancy  plans.  You  five,”  and  she  waved  to  her  right,  “take  the  weird  one.  We’ll  sort  out  blondie  and  her  mate.”
There  were  various  sounds  of  agreement  from  the  others  and  Patrice  urged  them  on.
“Come  on  then,”  she  bellowed,  “let  them  know  you’re  coming.”
They  screamed  out  their  ‘war  cries’  and  broke  into  a  run.
The  crowd  roared  it’s  approval  as  the  gap  closed,  while  Denny  and  Caren  stood  poised  and  silent,  calculating,  considering.
Daisy  whimpered.
Patrice  was  not  alone  in  thinking  it  would  be  easy,  but  she  and  the  crowd  were  amazed  when  Caren  leapt  high  and  to  the  right,  flashing  her  staff  to  the  left  and  right   in  quick  succession.  Patrice  stumbled,  overbalanced  by  the  swing  of  her  club  not  making  the  expected  contact,  and  she  hardly  felt  the  blow  from  the  staff  above  her  left  ear.  Then  the  blood  started  to  flow  down  her  cheek,  the  stinging  pain  following  moments  later.  One  of  the  girls  with  spiked gloves,  and  carrying  a  sharpened  wooden  stake,  fell  soundlessly  to  the  ground  in  an  untidy  heap  after  Caren’s  heavy  staff  caught  her  full  on  the  forehead.
Dancing  with  broomsticks.  The  two  diminutive  girls  leapt  their  way  through  the  routines  they  had  learnt  and  practiced  in  the  kendo  ring  at  Hummingbird  Tower  since  they  had  been  ten  years  old,  and  none  of  the  nine  could  land  a  telling  blow  on  them.
Parry,  thrust  and  dance.  Parry,  swing  and  leap.  Never  still  for  a  moment,  Mariposa  went  down  in  front  of  Denny  with  a  broken  ankle,  Patrice  was  hit  again  on  the  other  ear,  as  Caren  aimed  for  exposed  flesh  and  not  her  body,  which  was  protected  by  the  illegal  byrnie,  and  the  limping  woman  was  already  sitting  down,  gritting  her  teeth  against  the  pain  in  her  repeatedly  abused  knee.
The  calm  of  battle  came  over  the  sisters  as  they  fed  off  each  others  confidence  and  they  could  do  no  wrong.
Denny  started  singing  and  Caren  laughed,  while  Daisy  still  whimpered  in  fright.
They  could  feel  the  panic  rising  amongst  their  foes  as  they  sidestepped  every  attack  and  dealt  out  more  punishment  of  their  own.  Another  one  down  and  gasping  for  breath  after  being  kicked  in  the  solar  plexus  by  Caren’s  flying  feet.  A  spear  was  thrown  but  Denny  leaned  out  of  it’s  path,  and  thrusting  her  staff  upwards,  deflected  it  into  the  terraces.  The  fickle  crowd  was  changing  it’s  allegiance,  and  the  fire  hardened  spear  was  thrown  back  violently  at  the  women  opposite  Denny.  It  grazed  someone’s  thigh,  and  she  took  the  opportunity  to  limp  to  the  tunnel,  out  of  harm’s  way.
Five  down  and  four  to  go.  They  were  getting  cautious  now,  and  although  she  was  trying  to  look  willing,  Rosita  was  praying  for  the  bell  to  sound  ‘enough’.  She  stumbled  backwards,  away  from  Denny’s  spinning  staff,  and  was  promptly  pushed  forward  again  by  the  woman  with  the  big  nose,  who  was  hoping  to  distract  Denny  long  enough  to  get  inside  the  defensive  circle  of  whirling  wood.
Denny  threw  her  staff  like  a  javelin  across  the  arena,  and  stood  with  arms  open  wide  to  welcome  ‘big  nose’  in.  She  attacked  without  hesitation,  but  once  again,  Denny  was  fastest.  Sidestep  left,  dance  back  and  feint  to  the  right,  and  slap  the  knife  hand  away.  Denny’s  merciless  flying  fists  jabbed  once,  twice  three  times  into  the  woman’s  face.  She  fell.
The  thrown  staff  had  caught  one  of  Caren’s  attackers  high  on  the  right  arm,  and  the  sound  of  the  breaking  bone  sounded  clearly  across  the  arena.  She  too  staggered  away.
Now  Patrice  was  alone  against  Caren,  and  her  face  was  a mask  of  blood  as  Caren  repeatedly  tapped  her  staff  against  either  side  of  her  head,  damaging  each  ear  more  and  more.  Roaring  with  rage,  Patrice  stumbled  after  Caren,  swinging  the  heavy  club,  but  like  Denny,  the  nimble  girl  was  never  still  for  long  enough  to  present  her  enemy  with  an  easy  target.
Denny  slowly  walked  towards  Rosita,  who  had  unsteadily  regained  her  feet.  Deciding  that  enough  was  enough,  Millie  Storm  raised  the  hammer  again  and  struck  the  bell.
Although  Denny  was  smiling,  Rosita  thought  it  was  the  scariest  thing  she  had  ever  seen  and  her  face  was  a  mask  of  terror  as  her  nemesis  approached.
Denny  gave  a  low  grumbling  growl  and  let  her  face  slip  slightly  into  the  shape  of  the  weird  wolf  she  had  once  been,  and  as  Rosita  fainted,  a  puddle  of  piss  formed  on  the  sand  between  her  legs.
“Bastard.  Bastard.  Bastard.”  Patrice  was  persistent,  if  a  little  lacking  in  common  sense.  The  battle  was  over  and  lost,  but  she  pressed  on,  till  Denny  joined  with  Caren  to  subdue  her,  and  they  ripped  off  her  jerkin  to  expose  the  chain  mail  shirt  beneath.
The  knowledgeable  audience  didn’t  like  cheats,  especially  cheats  on  the  losing  side,  and  Patrice  was  duly  thrown  out  of  the  arena  by  several  willing  volunteers.

“Right  ladies,”  announced  Beryl.  “It’s  been  a  good  days  work  so  far,  but  now  comes  the   hard  part.  Trying  to  collect  what’s  rightfully  ours  and  then  holding  on  to  it.”
She  stood  and  the  others  stood  with  her.  “Glen,  you  take  your  friend,  and  stick  close  to  them  three.  They’re  good,  but  might  need  a  spot  of  looking  after.”
Glen  caught  Bubbles  by  the  arm,  “come  on  kid,  got  your  knife  handy?  Crowds  are  tricky  things,  especially  for  country  folk  in  the  big  city.”
Bubbles  made  her  dire  confession.  “Ain’t  got  a  knife,  Glen.  Like  I  said,  times  have  been  hard,  and  I  had  to  sell  it.”
Glen  was  amazed  at  her  friends  downturn  in  the  good  luck  department.  “No  knife?”  Bubbles  shook  her  head.  “Not  even  an  eating  tool?”  A  shake  of  the  head  again.  “Bloody  hells  girl,  you  can’t  live  without  a  knife  and  spoon.  It’s  a  good  job  I  saw  you  today.  Come  on,  I’ll  lend  you  a  blade  till  we  can  get  you  set  up  again.”
They  left  the  arena  to  wait  outside  for  Denny,  Caren  and  Daisy,  while  Beryl  went  to  the  booth,  and  upon  finding  it  closed,  proceeded  to  Brenda’s  office.

Chapter  11
On  the  move
Glen  and  Bubbles  had  lost  sight  of  the  three  girls  after  moving  only  fifty  metres  or  so  from  the  arena,  but  suddenly  found  them  again.
Bubbles  was  unceremoniously  tripped  up  by  a  hard-wood  staff  being  thrust  between  her  ankles  from  an  alleyway  just  after  the  bakers  shop.
“Don’t  like  being  followed,  turd  face,”  snarled  Denny,  straddling  Bubbles’  back  and  holding  her  knife  against  the  unfortunate  woman’s  throat.
Glen  looked  cross  eyed  down  the  length  of  the  wooden  staff  that  Caren  was  weaving  slowly  to  and  fro  in  front  of  her  face,  and  held  her  arms  out  in  submission.  “Hello  Caren,”  she  squeaked.
Caren  looked  at  her  more  carefully  and  lowered  the  weapon.  “Let  her  up  Den,  it’s  Glen.”
Denny  frowned  and  peered  at  her  victim.  “You’re  not  Glen.  Are  you?”
“No,  she  is,”  piped  up  poor  Bubbles.
“Beryl  sent  us  to  look  after  you,”  said  Glen  in  relief,  now  that  the  sudden  danger  had  passed.
Denny  started  chuckling  softly.  “Bloody  hells.  Never  had  a  bodyguard  before.”
“We’re  royalty  now  Den,”  laughed  Caren,  and  they  helped  Bubbles  to  her  feet.  “Arise  faithful  servant,  and  escort  the  good  duchess  Denzil  to  her  quarters.”
“Come  countess  Caren,”  laughed  Denny,  “let  us  begone  from  this  mean  place,  and  return  to  our  palace  by  the  city  gate.”  So  saying,  the  laughing  sisters  led  the  way  to  the  Brown  Cow  Inn  where  they  were  to  wait  for  Fran’s  arrival.
Across  the  street,  in  the  hairdressers  shop,  Patrice  watched  and  simmered  with  hatred  while  her  mistreated  ears  were  being  stitched  and  bandaged.

“Going  somewhere  in  a  hurry?”  asked  Beryl  gently,  and  pushed  Brenda  back  inside  through  her  office  door.  “Sit  down  Bren,  and  let’s  talk  about  money,  shall  we?”
“Now  look  here  Beryl,  you  can’t….”
That  was  far  as  she  got,  because  the  door  was  pushed  open  again  by  Fran  Collier,  accompanied  once  more  by  Tina  Flake.  Brenda  sagged,  and  buried  her  head  in  her  hands,  elbows  on  her  desk.
“What  might  you  be  doing  here  Beryl?”  asked  Tina,  with  hand  resting  easily  on  her  sword  hilt.
Beryl  had  a  reputation  for  underhand  activities,  some  of  which  were  just  a  little  too  far  beyond  the  divide  between   law  and  disorder,  so  Tina  was  apprehensive.
“Just  collecting  what’s  my  due,”  she  answered,  holding  up  one  hand.
“Ah.  You  as  well,”  stated  Fran.  “Owes  me  a  few  cattle  and  things,  she  does.”
“My  turn  first,  I  think,”  demanded  Beryl.  “You  have  to  return  my  stake  first.  Says  so  on  this  ticket.”  She  smiled  grimly  and  showed  Tina  her  betting slip.  “Fifteen  pounds  please.  Then  we’ll  talk  about  the  other  seven  hundred  and  fifty.”
Brenda’s  head  was  reeling  with  the  enormity  of  the  figures.  A  cart  and  two  prime  cattle  were  worth  about  twenty  pounds,  so  she  also  owed  Fran  a  thousand  pounds.  “I  can’t  pay  you,”  she  blurted  out,  “not  all  at  once.  I’ll  need  time.  Lots  of  it.”
Fran  got  in  before  Beryl  could  speak.  “I  want  two  carts  and  ten  cattle  before  midsummer,  and  we’ll  negotiate  the  rest.”
Brenda  was  slightly  relieved  but didn’t  understand.  “What?”
“You’re  no  good  to  Central  if  you  run  off,  or  go  homeless  on  the  streets,”  interrupted  Tina,  “and  you  do  a  reasonable  job  here,  so  the  council  is  speaking  on  your  behalf.”
“What’s  the  catch?”  demanded  Brenda.
“And  what  about  me?”  asked  Beryl  angrily.  “I  don’t  need  any  negotiations.  I  need  money.”
“You’ll  get  your  money,”  Tina  told  her.  “Some  of  it  anyway.  Now,  look  at  this,”  and  she  took  a  rolled  up  paper  from  beneath  her  jacket  and  spread  it  out  on  the  desk.”

“So  we  signed  her  damned  papers  and  left  them  to  it,  her  and  that  witch  of  a  lawyer,  the  Storm  woman.  Old  hag  had  us  over  a  barrel.  ‘Take  it  or  leave  it’  she  said,  with  the  might  of  Central’s  militia  backing  her  up,  so  I  took  it.”
Glen  had  never  seen  Beryl  so  upset  before.  “Still  made  a  profit  though,”  she  commented,  and  Beryl  was  off  again.
“Forty  six  pounds?”  she  roared.  “Should  have  been  seven  hundred  and  fifty  buggars.”
“Yeh,  well,  forty  six  pounds  and  good  sized  piece  of  land  near  Altmore.”
Beryl grimaced.  “Land.  Bloody  land.  It’s  a  trap  that’s  what  it  is.  Got  land  and  you’ve  got  responsibilities.  Got  land  and  you  get  visits  from  the  tax  office.”
“We  won’t  be  paying   taxes,”  said  Glen  hopefully.  “We  know  all  about  tax  collectors.  We  were  tax  collectors  ourselves  not  that  long  ago.  Nobody’ll  do  what  we  used  to  get  up  to.  Will  they?”
Beryl  calmed  down  a  little.  “Nobody’ll  do  that  sort  of  thing  again,  shouldn’t  wonder.  Martha  Torrent  got  what  she  deserved,  when  she  ran  foul  of  Homestead  and  Ma  Nesbitt.”
They  walked  on  in  silence  for  a  while,  contemplating  the  grisly  end  that  had  come  to  mad  Martha  and  her  ‘tax  collectors’,  the  only  sounds  the  creaking  and  rumbling  of  Fran’s  wagon  and  the  crunching  of  marching  boots  on  the  road.
“I  had  forty  six  chickens  once.”
Beryl  and  Glen  stared  at  Bubbles.
“Or  maybe  even  more.  Wasn’t  too  good  at  counting  in  them  days.”
“Chickens?”  Beryl  said  enquiringly.
“Mm.”  Agreed  Bubbles.  “Mum  and  me  kept  chickens.”
There  was  no  more  forthcoming,  so  Beryl  looked  questioningly  at  Glen,  who  just  shrugged  and  raised  her  eyebrows  a  little.
Fran  leaned  to  one  side  and  called  down  to  them.  “They’ve  stopped.”
“About  time  as  well,”  complained  Glen.  “My  feet  are  killing  me.”
“Soft,  soft,”  said  Beryl  quietly  to  her  lover.  “been  in  the  town  too  long  dearest.  You’re  out  of  condition  and  we  might  have  to  put  you  on  a  diet.”
Glen  laughed.  “Just  you  try  it  girl.  Nobody  comes  between  me  and  my  dinner.”

Tina  had  suggested  that  they  leave  Central  immediately,  for  their  own  good  of  course,  and  they  had  covered  about  ten  kilometres  before  Caren  called  a  halt  to  make  camp,  about  an  hour  or  so  before  sunset.  Fran  and  Daisy  unhitched  the  yoke  cattle,  and  after  taking  them  down  to  the  river,  got  them  settled  down  for  the  night  on  the  upwind  side  of  the  fire  that  Glen  had  started  with  her  tinderbox.
Dinner  on  the  trail  was  often  a  haphazard  affair,  eating  what  was  available  and  making  do,  but  today  they  were  lucky  and  Caren  was  preparing  three  chickens  to  spit-roast,  stuffed  with  wild  herbs,  onions  and  carrots.  There  were  also  several  varieties  of  fruit  of  course,  picked  just  off  the  trailside  from  the  old  abandoned  farmsteads.  Fruit  was  always  plentiful  in  Spangerland.
Bubbles  had  made  herself  a  fishing  pole  and  was  sitting  on  the  river  bank,  more  in  hope  than  in  expectation  of  helping  to  feed  her  newfound  comrades.
Beryl  passed  the  bottle  over  to  Glen  and  asked,  “so  why  is  she  called  Bubbles  then?”
Glen  smiled.  “Happened  when  she  was  at  that  awkward  age.  You  know,  about  thirteen,  started  her  monthlies,  and  thought  she  knew  better  than  her  mum.”  She  took  a  drink  and  passed  the  bottle  to  the  left,  to  Denny.  “They  had  a  difference  of  opinion  about  whether  it  was  better  to  use  chicken  eggs  or  duck  eggs  in  a  king  cake,  and  things  got  out  of  hand.  Ended  up  with  Bubbles  shouting  and  swearing  at  her  ma,  and  her  old  mum  just  picks  her  up  under  one  arm,  big  woman  she  was,  and  carried  her  out  into  the  yard  and  proceeded  to  scrub  her  mouth  out  with  soap  and  water.”
Her  audience  were  suitably  impressed  with  the  story  so  far,  and  urged  her  on,  the  bottle  passing  next  to  Caren.
“Not  much  more  to  tell  really,  spitting  out  soap  and  bubbles  for  ages  she  was,  with  all  us  younger  kids  laughing  fit  to  bust.”  Her  voice  went  a  little  quieter.  “Swore  she  hated  her  ma  and  she’d  get  even  with  her,  but  things  settled  down  between  them  again,  and  when  her  ma  drowned  in  the  storm  of  seventy  nine,  she  wailed  like  a  baby  for  days.  Sad.  Very  sad.”
There  was  a  brief  silence  as  they  watched  Bubbles  cast  her  line  into  the  water  again.  Then  Fran  said,  “all  that  fuss  for  nothing.”  The  others  readily  agreed,  then  she  carried  on,  “everybody  knows  that  goose  eggs  are  best.”
Caren  passed  the  bottle  over.  “You’re  a  hard  woman  Fran  Collier.  A  hard  woman.”
“Was  the  storm  of  seventy  nine  a  bad  one  then?”  asked  Denny.
Glen  nodded.  “It  was  one  of  them  hurry  up  storms,  came  up  all  of  a  sudden  and  then  gone  as  quickly.  We  lost  two  boats  that  day,  and  three  crew.”
“We?”  queried  Caren.
“Gap.  We  were  Gap  girls,  born  and  bred.  And  before  she  was  Bubbles,  she  was  called  Buzz,  and  that’s  another  funny  story  she’d  like  to  forget…”
Beryl  jumped  to  her  feet.  “Visitors,”  she  announced,  stepping  away  from  the  wagon.
There  was  no  one  in  sight,  but  Beryl  was  from  Homestead  and  had  been  one  of  the  first  to  encounter  the  wardogs,  and  in  doing  so,  she  had  acquired  from  them  some  measure  of  foresight,   normally  the  attribute  of  a  guru.  Glen  stood  ten  paces  to  the  right  of  Beryl,  casually  holding  her  spear  in  one  hand.
Two  women  came  into  view,  round  the  corner  near  the  olive  grove  and  slowed  a  little  when  they  saw  the  camp,  but  didn’t  stop  until  they  reached  the  wagon.
Beryl  spoke  first.  “Rosa?”
Rosa  nodded,  “that’s  right  Beryl,  and  this  is  my  daughter,  Rosita.”
Denny  laughed  briefly,  then  shut  up  quickly  when  she  saw  the  expression  on  little  Rosita’s  face.  “Sorry  kid,”  she  said,  “It  was  in  the  ring,  and  she  said  wood,  bone  and  flesh.  Thought  it  was  funny  at  the  time.  Sorry.”
“We’re  coming  with  you,”  stated  Rosa  firmly.  “Brenda’s  threatened  to  kill  me  if  I  show  my  face  in  Central  again,  so  wherever  you  go,  we  go.”
“What?”  exclaimed   Beryl.  “What  gives  you  the  idea  that  I  want  your  company?”
“It’s  not  a  matter  of  wanting,”  replied  Rosa  indignantly.  “It’s  your  fault  that  we’re  on  the  road,  so  we’re  your  responsibility.  You’ve  got  to  protect  us  now.”
“Now  wait  a  minute,  you  can’t  expect  me…”
“DOWN!”
“DOWN!”
The  warning  came  from  Bubbles  on  the  river  bank,  echoed  immediately  by  Beryl.
A  single  arrow  came  flying  across  the  river  and  passed  through  the  mad  scramble  of  bodies  diving  in  every  direction.  There  was  a  ‘thud’  and  then  silence  for  a  moment.
“She’s  run  off,”  shouted  Bubbles.
“Buggar!”  exclaimed  Denny  as  she  looked  at  her  arm  pinned  to  the  wagon’s  side.  “ruined  my  second  best  shirt  again!”
They  freed  Denny  from  the  arrow  and  wagon,  grateful  that  she  had  only  been  nicked  by  the  barbed  head.
“Did  you  see  her?”  asked  Caren.
“Not  clearly,”  Bubbles  replied.  It’s  dark  under  the  trees  and  she  was  wearing  dark  clothes,  but  she  had  a  lot  of  white  hair.”
The  others  racked  their  brains  trying  to  remember  anyone  like  that.
“Or  a  white  hat?”  suggested  Glen.
“No!”  said  Caren  suddenly.  “I  bet  it  was  bandages.”
Denny  looked  thoughtful.  “The  big  one  in  green.  Patrice?”
Caren  nodded slowly,  “well,  we’ll  catch  up  with  her  one  dark  night.  She  owes  us  now.  A  new  shirt  at  least.”
“She  owes  me  as  well,”  said  Bubbles  sadly.  “She  made  me  lose  my  last  fish  hook.”

They  sat  round  the  fire,  praising  Caren’s  culinary  skills  and  discussing  who  was  responsible  for  what  and  for  whom.
“And  all  I’m  saying,”  said  Fran  with  the  authority  and  wisdom  of  age,  (she  was  the  oldest  there)  “is  that  before  you  make  any  hasty  decisions  that  you  may  regret  later,  you  look  carefully  at  this  piece  of  land  you’ve  been  lumbered  with  and  see  what  it’s  like.  Should  be  good  farming  country  down  there.”
“Don’t  want  to  be  a  farmer  thankyou,”  retorted  Beryl.
“I  could  be  a  farmer.”
They  all  looked  at  Rosa  with  interest.
“And  my  Rosita’s  good  with  animals,  aren’t  you  love?”
Rosita  agreed,  but  Denny  whispered  to  Caren,  “not  so  keen  about  wolfs  though.”
She  laughed  softly,  then  winced  and  flexed  her  injured  arm,  peering  at  the  bandage,  but  there  was  no  blood  seeping  through.
“Hurts?”  asked  Caren.
“A  bit,”  admitted  Denny.  “Think  I’ll  turn  in  for  the  night.”
“We  could  be  partners  as  well,”  suggested  Fran.
Beryl  considered  the  statement  before  she  replied.  “How.  And  why?”
“Times  change  Beryl,  and  Central’s  given  me  exclusive  rights  to  a  certain  mountain,  South  of  them  and  directly  to  the  West  of  your  plot.  Could  be  very  convenient  for  me  to  have  a  permanent  base  near  you.”
“I’ll  think  on  it,”  muttered  Beryl.
“There  would  be  a  profit  in  it  for  you.”
“I’ll  think  on  it,”  repeated  Beryl  irritably.
Eventually,  they  all  settled  down,  trusting  the  night  watch  to  the  cattle  and  Fran’s  pack  of  long  legged  hounds.
Later,  when  the  camp  was  quiet  and  they  were  wrapped  in  their  blankets,  away  from  the  others,   Glen  whispered  to  Beryl,  “what’s  wrong  pet?”
There  was  no  immediate  reply,  so  she  tried  again.  “Beryl?  You’ve  not  been  right  since  leaving  Central,  and  don’t  tell  me  it’s  the  money,  cos  I  know  it’s  not.  I  know  you  better  than  that.”
Still  no  reply.
“Come  on,”  she  wheedled.  “Spit  it  out,  tell  aunty  Glen.”
Beryl  turned  to  face  her  friend.  “Hold  me  Glen.  Hold  me  tight.”
There  was  silence  for  a  while  as  Glen  stroked  her  hair  and  kissed  her  gently.
At  last  Beryl  spoke  again.  “I  saw  something  in  the  arena  today.”
“I  thought  it  was  something  like  that,”  whispered  Glen.  “you  went  very  strange  for  a  while  back  there.  Like you  were  seeing  something  you  shouldn’t.”
Beryl  strived  to  see  her  companion’s  expression  in  the  dying  firelight.  “Seeing?”  she  queried,  frowning.
“We’re  not  stupid,”  Glen  replied.  “Me  and  Basher  know  you’ve  got  the  sight.  We  just  don’t  let  you  know  that  we  know.”
“But...”
“No  buts  madam.  What  did  you  see?”
Beryl  surrendered  in  the  face  of  reality.  “We’re  going  back  there  one  day  soon.  Somebody  needs  us,  but  I  don’t  want  to  go.”
Glen  shook  her  head  slightly.  “What’s  the  big  deal  then?  Not  many  who  can  beat  us  in  the  ring,  are  there?  Do  you  know  who  it  is  that  needs  our  help?”
Beryl  shook  her  head.  “No,  she  hasn’t  got  a  name.”
“No  name?  That  can’t  be  right.  Are  you   sure.”
“Sure  as  I  can  be.  No  name,  only  a  question,  and  it  frightens  me.”
Glen  was  surprised  by  her  friends  statement.  Nothing  frightened  brave  Beryl.  Nothing.  Ever.  “It’s  probably  nothing  Bez.  Nothing  that  we  can’t  cope  with  anyway.”
“Hold  me  Glen,  don’t  let  me  go.”  Her  voice  dropped  to  a  whisper.  “I’ve  seen  the  future.  I’ve  seen  the  gates  of  hell.”

Chapter  12
Going  home
The  sun  crept  over  the  trees,  driving  away  the  morning  dew,  and  Fran  reluctantly  peeped  out  of  the  blankets.  Seeing  Bubbles  up  and  about  already,  she  smiled  and  pulled  the  cover  over  her  head  for  a  few  extra  minutes  of  precious  sleep.
Moments  later,  she  was  roused  by  Caren.  “Fran,  wake  up,”  the  girl  hissed  urgently.
“Mmmm?  What’s  wrong  girl?”
“Get  up  Fran,  we’re  going.  Now.”
Fran  was  wide  awake,  and  looked  towards  the  animals.  “Cows  and  dogs  aren’t  bothered  by  anything.  Why  should  we  be?”
“Look  what  Bubbles  has  seen.”  And  Caren  held  up  the  arrow  that  had  ‘nicked’  Denny’s  arm  the  previous  evening.
“Damn!”  Fran  spat  out.  “What  is  it.  Any  idea?”
The  arrow  head  had  a  hint  of  blue/black  staining  on  it.  “Bubbles  reckons  it’s  poison,  probably  snake  or  toad.  This  shit’s  been  in  her  all  night.  Too  late  to  cut  it  out  now,  so  we’ve  got  to  get  her  to  a  doctor  pronto.”
Fran  scrambled  out  of  bed.  “There’s  a  physic  woman  in  Altmore.  We  can  be  there  just  after  noon  if  we  get  a  move  on.  You  keep  her  quiet,  I’ll  sort  out  the  cows.”
They  made  a  hasty  departure.  No  one  complained  about  the  lack  of  breakfast,  and  Rosita  ran  on  ahead  to  warn  the  woman  who  passed  for  a  doctor,  of  their  impending  arrival.  Caren  sat  in  the  back  of  the  wagon,  talking  softly  to  Denny.
“I  can’t  stop  it  Cas,”  Denny  whispered.  “It’s  burning  me  up  babe.”
“Hush  darling,  we’ll  soon   be  there,  try  to  rest.”
“All  that  training.  All  those  people  I  treated  at  your  house  and  I  can’t  help  myself.”
Denny  gritted  her  teeth  as  a  spasm  shook  her  body.  Caren  mopped  her  forehead  with  a  wet  cloth  again.  “Relax  sweetheart.  You’re  going  to  be  all  right.”
“Hold  me  Cas.  Sing  to  me?”
‘I’ll  hold  you  in  my  arms,
Keep  you  safe  and  warm,
We  will  sail  the  silver  sea,
So  put  your  trust   in  me.
We’ll  walk  along…’
Denny  arched  her  back  as  the  pain  racked  her  again.
Caren  was  close  to  tears.  “Oh  Den,  hold  on.  Please  don’t  leave  me.”
“Will  you  take  me  home  Caren.  To  my  home?”
“Of  course  I  will  darling.”
“Sisters,”  Denny  whispered.
“NO!”
“Say  it  damn  you.  Sisters.”
“Oh  Denny,”  Caren  cried,  but  continued,  “Sisters"
“Together.”
“Together."
“One  of  us  falls.”
“The  other  is  there.”
There  was  a  brief  silence  as  Caren  waited  for  the  response.
“Denny?  Denny?”  There  was  no  reply  and  Caren  hugged  her  soul  mate’s  lifeless  body  and  rocked  back  and  forth,  sobbing  uncontrollably.
Fran  had  halted  the  wagon,  but  they  left  her  alone  until  the  crying  stopped.
Caren  laid  her  adopted  sister  down  again  and  stroked  her  hair  for  a  while,  then  sat  up  and  wiped  her  eyes  dry  and  finished  the  litany  in  a  harsh  voice.
“We  are  one.  So  be  it.”
She  jumped  down  from  the  wagon  bed.  “I’m  going  back.  Come  with  me,  or  lend  me  your  sword  Beryl.”
“Now  hold  hard  there,”  Fran  said  firmly.  “First  things  first.  There’s  a  burying  to  take  care  of.  Then  you  can  think  about  the  evil  bitch  that  done  this.”
Caren  rubbed  one  hand  against  her  forehead,  then  answered,  “you’re  right.  But  we  can’t  bury  her  here.  I  promised  to  take  her  home.”
“Home?”  asked  Fran  warily.  “Where’s  that  then.  Not  Homestead?”
Caren  shook  her  head.  “No.  not  that  far.”
Fran  was  relieved,  until  Caren  continued,  “it’s  just  past  the  Nest.”
“Bloody  hells  girl,  that’s  about  four  days.”
Caren  was  adamant  that  Denny  was  going  to  her  ancestral  home,  even  though  in  this  age,  it  hadn’t  even  been  built  yet.  “I  promised,  so  she’s  going.”
“All  right  then,  but  we’d  better  wrap  her  up  good  and  tight  and  pray  for  some  cold  weather.”  Fran  didn’t  say  any  more,  leaving  the  subject  of  decaying  flesh  untouched.
They  only  stopped  outside  Altmore  briefly  to  pick  up  supplies  and  collect  Rosita,  and  it  was  there  that  they  decided  to  split  up.  Bubbles,  Glen  and  Daisy  stayed  in  Altmore  on  Caren’s  behalf,  to  pursue  the  trail  of  the  missing  Tanya  Vine,  and  the  others  only  stayed  together  as  far  as  the  turning  towards  Beryl’s  newly  acquired  land.
Fran  and  Caren  continued  on  their  way  Eastward,  carrying  Denny’s  body  to  her  last  resting  place,  and  day  by  day,  the  cattle  and  dogs  got  more  skittish  because  of  the  stink  of  the  decomposing  body.
At  last  they  arrived  at  Algar  springs,  and  Caren  was  directed  to  the  new  buildings  at  the  side  of  the  original  compound,  by  a  woman  she  only  vaguely  recognised.
After  a  brief  rest  and  some  welcome  refreshments,  they  watched  while  four  of  the  Algar  girls,  all  wearing  sandals  and  grey  robes,  took  spades  to  the  little  cemetery  and  dug  a  grave  in  the  shade  of  an  olive  tree.
Later,  when  the  wagon  bed  had  been  scrubbed  with  soap  and  hot  sulphurous  water  from  the  bath  house,  Fran  asked  Caren,  “what  now  pet?”
Caren  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “I’m  going  home  as  well.  Get  geared  up  and  then  back  to  Central  I  guess.”
“Where’s  home?”
“Ibis.  That’s  where  whoever  founds  the  house  of  Hummingbird  will  start  building.”
“Take  my  advice,”  said  Fran  slowly.  “Take  your  time.  Think  about  what  you  are  doing  and  what  you  want  to  happen.  Don’t  spoil  things  by  rushing  off  immediately.  That  Patrice  woman  is  going  nowhere.  You  can  always  find  her  later.”
Caren  nodded  slightly,  and  agreed.  Then  Fran  continued,  “you  never  know.  Perhaps  Glen  and  them  will  have  news  of  Tanya  Vine  for  you  soon,”

Later  that  same  day,  they  were  on  the  Ibis  road  again  and  heading  back  towards  Guardians  Nest.  They  were  watched  by  a  group  of  girls  and  women  from  the  walls  of  Algar,  and  as  they  slowly  made  their  way  along  the  dusty  road,  the  young  woman  that  Caren  had  almost  recognised  spoke.
“Julie,  take  sister  Belle  and  dig  her  up.  Get  her  washed  down  and  in  the  chapel  before  the  moon  rises.”
“Do  we  need  her?”  asked  Julie.
“Yes.  I  think  she  has  a  great  future  with  us.”
Two  of  the  women  turned  to  leave  but  Julie  suddenly  remembered,  “what  about  the  beast  already  in  there?”
Ginny  Brand,  mother  of  four,  head  of  the  house  and  aged  57  but  now  looking  the  same  age  as  her  daughters  pursed  her  lips  as  she  thought  for  a  moment,  still  watching  the  ox  cart.  “Is  it  the same  as  the  others?”  she  asked.
Julie  nodded.  “Think  so,  but  it’s  got  white  hair  and  seems  to  be  a  bit  bigger.”
“How  long  before  it  stands,  do  you  think?”
“A  few  days  probably.”
“We’ll  risk  it,”  Ginny  said.  “Put  her  in  with  it,  see  what  happens.”
Julie  thought  about  it  for  a  moment.  “OK  mum.  Come  on  Basher.”
“Sister  Belle  now.  Please  don’t  forget  again.”
“Sorry  Bash…  sister  Belle.”

Tower  of  strength
“Are  you  sure  this  is  it?”  asked  Beryl,  turning  the  map  this  way  and  that.  “I  thought  it  would  be  further  to  the  South.”
Rosa  stared  intently  each  way  along  the  riverbank  before  replying.  “Five  kay  straight,  starting  opposite  the  quarry.  Well,  there’s  the  quarry,  so  everything  that  way  in  a  five  kilometre  square  belongs  to  you.”  she  waved  expansively  towards  the  South  West.
Beryl  was  secretly  pleased  with  what  she  saw.  Flat  grass  lands  for  a  kilometre  or  so  inland  from  the  river,  backed  by  fruit  trees  of  some  kind  and  also  pine  woods,  with  the  land  rising  gently  towards  the  distant  mountains.  She  was  OK  with  numbers,  but  her  reading  skills  were  not  so  good.  “Read  it  again,”  she  asked.
Rosa  cleared  her  throat  and  peered  at  the  parchment.  “Council  of  Central  is  pleased  to  confer  on  one  Beryl  Strong,  a  tract  of  land,  the  Eastern  border  of  which  shall  be  the  stretch  of  river  known  as  Five  Kay  Straight.  For  the  purposes  of  this  document,  said  Five  Kay  Straight  shall  begin  at  the  quarry  entrance,  and  end  five  kilometres  to  the  South  thereof.  Said  tract  of  land  shall  be  in  the  form  of  a  perfect  square  on  the  West  bank  of  the  river,  said  square  therefore  being  five  kilometres  on  each  side.”
“Twenty  five  square  kays,”  said  Beryl  quietly.  “We’ll  not  starve  anyway.”
“Said  Beryl  Strong  and  her  household  shall  have  sole  use  and  enjoyment  of  said  land  and  riverbank,  but  may  not  deny  anyone  the  free  use  of  the  public  road  through  said  land.  Seems  straightforward  enough.”
Beryl  wasn’t  too  sure.  “Written  by  a  lawyer.  Bound  to  be  a  catch  somewhere.”
“Come  on ,”  said  Rosita  excitedly.  “Let’s  go  exploring.  See  what  there  is.”
They  wandered  South  and  West,  Rosa  trying  to  estimate  the  distance  they  travelled.  After  the  first  kilometre  of  grass,  the  land  was  laid  out  in  recognisable  fields  of  fruit  trees  and  vines,  divided  by  dry  stone  walls  that  were  mostly  falling  down.  Then  they  came  to  the  woodland  proper,  and  they  revised  their  first  guess  of  nothing  but  pine  trees,  when  they  came  across  groves  of  oak,  ash  and  beech.
Then  they  found  the  remains  of  the  ancient  road.
“What  is  it?”  said  Rosita,  kicking  at  the  smooth,  hard  surface.
“And  what  is  it  for?”  wondered  her  mother.
Beryl  had  seen  one  of  the  old  roads  before,  but  not  as  complete  as  this  one,  and  said  nothing.
They  followed  the  black  road  through  the  woods  until  they  rounded  a  bend  and  emerged  from  the  trees.  They  gazed  in  awe  at  the  white  tower  beyond  the  iron  fence.
“It’s  beautiful,”  whispered  Rosita.
“It’s  big,”  said  Rosa  letting  her  eyes  sweep  upwards.
“It’s  home,”  finished  Beryl,  smiling  at  last.

Rag  trade
“Are  you  sure  this  is  it?”  asked  Glen,  looking  up  at  the  narrow  window  in  the  alley.
“Definite.”  Daisy  was  positive,  because  the  window  frame  still  bore  the  scars  where  her  knife  had  eased  the  catch  back.  “This  is  where  I  got  the  ring.”
“Glen  was  uneasy.  “If  this  goes  wrong,  then  we’ll  scarper  and  meet  up  at  the  old  mill  on  the  North  side.  Got  it?”
Daisy  and  Bubbles  agreed.
“Come  on  then.  We’ll  go  round  the  front.  Keep  it  simple  and  stick  to  the  plan.  Daisy,  you  stay  outside  till  we  send  for  you.”
The  sign  above  the  door  read,  ‘Bonnie  Boots - evrything  for  the  modern  miss’
As  they  pushed  the  door  open,  it  caught  a  tiny  bell  with  it’s  top  edge  and  the  ‘ting - ting’  announced  their  arrival.
The  walls  were  covered  from  floor  to  ceiling  with  shelves,  stacked  with  all  manner  of  new  and  used  clothing.  Handwritten  signs  proclaimed  the  availability  of  troos,  shirts,  sanduls,  etc.
A  door,  partially  hidden  behind  a  mountain  of  nondescript  cloth  opened,  and  a  portly  woman  in  her  forty’s  emerged,  wiping  her  hands  on  a  grubby  apron  and  still  chewing  her  lunch.  She  swallowed  hastily  as  she  looked  her  customers  up  and  down,  passing  mental  judgement  on  them,  and  wondering  whether  to  send  for  help  or  not.
“Good  day  to  you,  travellers.”  She  didn’t  know  them,  so  it  was  a  fair  bet  they  were  just  passing  through.  “And  what  may  be  your  pleasure  today?”
Glen  walked  imperiously  along  one  line  of  shelves,  idly  touching  an  item  here  and  there.  She  put  on  her  ‘best’  voice,  “ah,  my  good  woman,  we  have  pressing  business  at  the  court  in  Central  and  my  companion,  the  Lady  Leona  has  fallen  foul  of  ruffians  on  the  road  to  the  South.”  She  smiled  encouragingly  and  Bonnie  found  herself  stepping  back  a  pace.  “We  find  ourselves  needing  a  change  of  clothing.  Nothing  too  ostentatious  you  understand,  but  no…  tat,  if  you  know  what  I  mean.”
Bonnie  Boots  nodded  wisely  and  kept  her  hands  on  the  counter,  above  the  place  where  her  cudgel  was  kept.  “I’m  sure  you’ll  find  whatever  you  desire,  but  first,  there’s  the  delicate  matter  of  payment.  Nothing  personal  you  understand,  but  we  live  in  strange  times  and  I’m  afraid  that  I  have  to  see  the  colour  of  your  money  first.”  She  licked  her  lips  nervously,  “company  rules  you  see.”
Glen  laughed,  a  high  pitched  giggly  sort  of  laugh,  and  Bubbles  cringed  in  the  face  of   such  over  acting.  “Of  course,  of  course,”  and  she  extracted  her  pouch  and  shook  it  out  onto  the  counter.
Bonnie’s  eyes  lit  up  at  the  sight  of  more  than  twenty  pounds  in  small  change  laying  there  within  her  reach,  and  her  manner  changed  instantly.  “May  I  suggest  that  we  start  at  the  bottom  and  work  our  way  up?”
Glen smiled,  “and  may  I  suggest  we  secure  the  door?  We  don’t  want  strangers  seeing  the  Lady  Leona  in  a  state  of  undress,  do  we.”

“Turn  around  dear,”  encouraged  Glen,  and  Bubbles  obliged,  showing  off  her  new  outfit.  Red  shirt,  black  heavy  duty  trousers  and  matching  jacket,  green  leather  ankle  boots  and  a  floppy  hat  with  an  ostrich  feather.
“Marvellous,  just  marvellous.”  gushed  Glen.  “But  tell  me  mistress  Boots,  does  there  seem  to  be  something  missing?”
Bonnie  scratched  her  head,  “well…”
“I  have  it!”  exclaimed  Glen  loudly.  “You’re  still  undressed  dear,  without  a  belt  and  blade.”  She  turned  to  Bonnie  again.  “Do  you  have  any  side  arms  suitable  for  a  person  of  Lady  Leona’s  standing?”
Bonnie  grinned  broadly.  Business  was  good  today,  and  throwing  open  a  second  hidden  door  behind  the  shelves,  she  beckoned  them  in.  Glen  stopped  suddenly  in  the  doorway  at  the  sight  of  more  weapons  than  she  had  ever  seen  in  one  place  before.  She  moved  inside  and  walked  slowly  among  the  racks  and  hooks  bearing  ornate  swords,  knives,  spears  and  bows.  Several  helmets  and  pieces  of  armour  lay  in  an  untidy  heap  in  one  corner,  and  Bonnie  Boots  rummaged  among  a  tangled  pile  of  odds  and  ends.
“Now  this  is  what  you  want,”  she  declared  and  held  out  a  miniature  'over  and  under'  crossbow.  “Nobody  uses  these  twinbows  any  more,  so  you  could  give  any  unwelcome  visitors  a  nasty  surprise.”
Glen  shook  her  head.  “I  think  not.  We  are  of  a  more  traditional  persuasion,  are  we  not?”  She  looked  round.  “I  said,  are  we  not?  Lady  Leona!”
Bubbles  came  out  of  her  reverie.  “Oh  yeh.  Are  we  not,”  she  mumbled.
Bonnie  frowned  at  her,  but  carried  on.  “Well  in  that  case,  how  about  this?”
Bubbles  examined  the  jewel  encrusted  dagger  housed  in  a  silver  sheath,  and  reluctantly  handed  it  back.  “Something  more  practical  would  be  better.”
“This  one,”  announced  Glen,  holding  a  short  sword  at  the  level  of  her  eyes  and  twisting  the  blade  to  and  fro  to  catch  the  light.  “Laminated  steel,  German  I  think,”  then  she  passed  it  to  Bubbles,  complete  with  it’s  belt  and  accompanying  knife.
“Yes,  best  cherman,  “agreed  Bonnie,  not  knowing  what  German  actually  was.  “You’ve  a  good  eye  for  metal,”  she  announced.  “Nothing  as  good  as  that  to  be  had  this  side  of  the  sierras.”
“Nice  balance,”  said  Bubbles  in  admiration,  swinging  the  sword  slowly.
“How  much  for  this,  and  the  clothes?”  asked  Glen.
“Well  dear,  let’s  go  through  and  check  out  the  numbers  shall  we?”
Sitting  on  a  stool  behind  the  counter,  she  carefully  wrote  everything  down  on  a  piece  of  yellow  card,  then  double  checked  the  figures  again.  “It  comes  to  a  total  of  ten  pounds  and  eighty  five  cents.”
She  looked  at  the  horrified  expression  on  Bubbles’  face,  but  took  courage  from  Glen’s  silence.  “Plus  sales  tax  of  course.”
“Of  course,”  said  Glen  brightly.  “And  as  your  prices  are  so  reasonable,  I  think  a  little  ornamentation  would  be  in  order.”
Bonnie  looked  at  her  in  surprise,  but  one  glance  at  the  money  still  spread  across  the  counter  gave  her  the  courage  to  go  on.  “Ornamentation?”
“Yes,”  confirmed  Glen,  “jewellery.  Something  rather  shiny  and  not  too  small.”
“Well  I’ve  got  some  pieces  in  the  back.”
“Anything  like  this?”  Glen  demanded,  showing  her  Tanya’s   ring.
Bonnie  leapt  to  her  feet,  knocking  the  stool over.  “No,”  she  said  quickly.  “Nothing  at  all  in  the  ring  line.”
“But  you  did  have  didn’t  you?  I  see  that  you  recognise  it.”
“No,  no,  never  had  nothing  like  that.  I  don’t  deal  in  rings  at  all.”
Glen  stared  intently  at  Bonnie.  “Bubbles,  let  her  in  now.”
Daisy  came  through  the  door  and  Bonnie  gave  a  little  squeak  of  fear.
“Ah,”  said  Glen,  “I  see  you  recognise  our  young  friend  too.  Would  you  like  to  tell  us  where  you  got  this  ring?”
Bonnie  shook  her  head  and  mumbled  "Noooo"  through  gritted  teeth.
“Now  don’t  be  silly  about  this.  Take  a  good  look  at  us.  That’s  it,  a  really  good  look.  Ladies  of  the  road,  we  are.  Need  nothing,  got  nothing,  so  we’ve  got  nothing  to  lose.  But  you?  You  however,  have  got  property.  Know  what  property  is?  No?  I’ll  tell  you  then.  It’s  a  trap!  Got property,  you  got  responsibilities.  Got  property,  you  get  visits  from  the  tax  office.  No,  obviously  we’re  not  tax  collectors,  but  a  shop  like  this,  well  it’s  a  fire  risk,  and  we  could  be  in  the  kindling  and  tinderbox  business  today.”
“You  can’t  do  this,”  Bonnie  pleaded.  “You  don’t  know  what  you’re  asking  me  to  do.  She’ll  kill  me.”
“Daisy,”  growled  Glen.
“Yes  boss?”
Pass  me  some of  those  belts,  seems  like  there’s  going  to  be  an  accident.  I  can  just  hear  the  news  now.  Shopkeeper  ties  herself  up  and  dies  in  burning  shop.  Neighbours  completely  baffled.  Foul  play  not  ruled  out.”
“I  know  all  about  chickens,”  said  Bubbles  brightly.  “Never  seen  them  play  though.”
Glen  winced,  but  carried  on.  “Hear  that  Bootsie,”  she  snarled  as  she  tied  Bonnie’s  hands  together.  “Start  talking  or  slasher  here  will  get  to  work  on  you  with  the  chickens.”
Bonnie  looked  in  horror  from  one  to  the  other.  “Slasher?  Chickens?”
Glen  shook  her  head  slowly.  “tut  tut,  don’t  try  to  be  coy  with  us.  The  things  she  can  persuade  chickens  to  do.  Have  to  strip  you  first  of  course.”
“Strip?”
“Screaming  shopkeeper  found  naked  and  tied  up.  Deranged  chicken  arrested  and  being  questioned  by  council.”
“You’re  mad.  Completely  mad,”  yelled  Bonnie.
“Daisy,  go  find  me  a  chicken.  A  big  one.  Slasher,  get  her  boots  off.”
Daisy  edged  towards  the  door  while  Bubbles  grinned  wildly  and  grabbed  one  of  the  terrified  shopkeeper’s  feet.  “No,”  she  screamed.  “I’ll  tell  you,  I’ll  tell  you.  Keep  her  off  me.”
She  told  them.
Glen  counted  her  money  again.
“Here,  shopkeeper,”  and  she  put  a  small  stack  of  coins  back  on  the  counter.  “We’re  not  thieves,  so  that’s  a  fair  price  for  Lady  Leona’s  new  outfit,  and  one  or  two  other  things  that  we  need.  Plus  a  little  extra  for  your  trouble.”  She  hesitated  in  the  doorway.  “Oh  yes,  there  is  one  thing  more.”  Bonnie  shrank  back  against  the  counter.  “Get  yourself  a  sign-writer  who  can  spell  properly.”  She  indicated  the  cards  on  the  shelves.  “Very  amusing,  I’m  sure.  But  it  lowers  the  tone  of  the  whole  establishment.  Now  good  day  to  you.”  Glen  turned  and  swept  majestically  out  into  the  street.  “Run,”  she  commanded  and  they  trotted  off  towards  the  North  gate  laughing  as  they  went.

Chapter  13
Visitors
Dotty  Sharp  hummed  tunelessly  to  herself  as  she  worked  the  hoe  between  the  rows  of  strawberries  in  the  kitchen  garden  opposite  Toogood  farm’s  tall  gate.  Push,  twist,  lift  and  another  unwelcome  intruder  was  removed  from  the  soil.  Up  and  down  the  rows  then  on  to  the  tomatoes  and  lettuces.  Some  would  have  found  it  tedious,  even  boring,  but  Dotty  was  happier  now  than  she  had  ever  been,  and  she  was  important  as  well.
Unfortunately,  since  word  had  arrived  of  Tanya’s  disappearance,  being  a  gardener  made  her  important  in  an  expendable  sort  of  way,  and  no  one  was  allowed  outside  the  farm  walls  without  being  armed  so  she  was  never  far  away  from  her  short  spear.
She  had  seen  the  ox  cart  as  soon  as  it  had  appeared  over  the  rise  on  the  road  from  Ibis,  but  had  largely  ignored  it  when  she  had  recognised  the  driver  as  her  old  hunting  partner,  Margo  Lemon.  She  and  Margo  had  been  at  the  battle  of  Asher’s  farm  together,  and  had  survived  unscathed  by  beating  a  hasty  retreat  at  the  first  sign  of  trouble,  which  had  come  in  the  shape  of  Marco  with  his  amazons  and  wardogs  marching  towards  them.  Marco  had  been  unrecognisable  as  a  man  in  his  home  made  barbarian  outfit  with  the  horned  helmet,  and  the  opposing  warriors  had  decided  he  was  some  sort  of  demon.
Shortly  after  the  war’s  end,  Dotty’s  future  had  again  looked  bleak  when  she  had  shot  Marco  with  a  single  arrow  outside  Ibis.  Then,  in  the  ensuing  confusion,  after  he  had  fallen  off  the  bridge  into  the  river  and  was  thought  to  be  dead,  Margaret  and  Sylvia  had  beaten  her  mercilessly.
Now,  in  a  strange  twist  of  fate,  Dotty  was  part  of  Tanya  Vine’s  family  and  occasionally  found  herself  safe  in  Marco’s  huge  arms,  and  bed.

She  gave  a  yelp  of  surprise  as  a  shadow  fell  across  the  patch  of  ground  under  her  hoe,  then  relaxed  as  she  looked  up.  “Oh,  hello  Sali,”  she  said  clasping  her  right  hand  to  her  heart.  “Gave  me  a  real  fright  there,  shouldn’t  sneak  up  on  people  like  that.”
Sali  wore  one  of  her  wide  eyed  innocent  expressions  and  shook  her  head  slightly.  “Sneak  up?  Who,  me?”  She  smiled  at  Dotty’s  discomfort.  “Can’t  sneak  about  when  you’re  like  this,”  and  she  patted  her  stomach.  By  her  best  reckoning  both  she,  and  Flossie  Craken,  were  about  seven  months  pregnant,  and  her  previous  waif  like  figure  was  rapidly  disappearing  beneath  her  spreading  waist  and  hips.
“Come  to  collect  some  herbs  and  things.”  Sali  said,  raising  her  little  basket  for  emphasis.  “Care  to  help  me  love?  It’s  getting  harder  to  get  up  and  down  now.”
“Yes,  anything  for  you,”  replied  Dotty  and  thrust  the  hoe  into  the  ground,  before  they  slowly  walked  together  towards  the  rough  ground  beyond  the  garden.
“What  do  we  want  then?  Something  nice?”  asked  Dotty.  “Or  is  it  another  of  your  sister’s  famous  concoctions?”
“Don’t  be  cheeky,”  replied  Sali  with  mock  severity.  “You  might  be  grateful  for  one  of  the  Vorden’s  special  Homestead  remedies  one  day.”
“Oh  I  hope  not,”  she  said  with  an  expression  of  disgust.  “What  is  it  this  time?”
Sali  passed  a  trowel  to  Dotty.  “We’re  after  some  valerian,  feverfew  and  a  fat  leaf  from  a  vera.”
Dotty  knew  the  valerian  and  aloe  vera,  but  queried,  “feverfew?”
“You  know,  pale  green,  with  flowers  like  a  daisy.”
“Oh  yes,  I  know  it  now.  Is  it  for  you?  Are  you  suffering?”
Sali  shook  her  head,  “not  me  love,  we’ve  got  a  visitor  with  a  sore  head.”
This  surprised  Dotty  as  she  had  seen  no  one  arrive  that  morning,  but  said  nothing  as  she  gathered  Sali’s  ingredients  and  they  got  back  into  the  farmyard  at  the  same  time  as  Margo’s  wagon.
“Hi  Margo,”  called  Dotty,  “what  brings  you  here?”
Margo  kicked  the  brake  lever  and  jumped  down  to  embrace  her  friend.  “Got  something  of  yours  in  the  back.”  Her  eyes  did  a  quick  scan  of  Dotty’s  face.  “Can  hardly  see  the  scars  now,  you’re  nearly  as  beautiful  as  me.  How’s  your  hand?”
Dotty  held  up  her  left  hand,  the  one  that  Margaret  had  stamped  on  a  year  ago,  and  flexed  the  fingers  as  they  moved  to  the  back  of  the  wagon.  “Mostly  alright  now.  Aches  a  bit  after  a  days  digging,  but  I’ll  soon  be  better  than  you  with  a  bow  again.”
“Hah.  That’ll  be  the  day.”
Margo  dropped  the  tailgate,  and  Dotty  gasped  with  surprise.  “What?”
Margo  smiled  grimly.  “She’s  all  yours  kid.  We  don’t  want  to  see  her  in  Ibis  again.”
Caren  Hummingbird  lay  on  a  pile  of  dirty  sacking  and  was  fast  asleep,  or  possibly  unconscious.  Her  jacket  had  traces  of  vomit  stains  down  the  front  and  her  left  cheek  was  swollen  and  bruised.
“She’s  been  drinking  steadily  since  yesterday  afternoon  and  picking  fights  with  anyone  who  dared  to  look  at  her.  Took  three  of  us  to  put  her  down.”
Dotty  was  aghast.  “But  why  do  we  want  her?”  She  looked  round  but  Sali  had  gone  inside.  “SALI!”  she  yelled,  but  it  was  Marco  and  Pansy  who  came  out  to  them.
Margo  told  the  story  in  full,  and  added,  “what  she  really  said  was  that  you  all  belong  to  her,  said  that  one  day,  this  farm  will  be  called  South  Guard,  and  that  Marco  and  Tanya  are  her  ancestors.  We  thought  that  with  her  being  from  the  future  and  all,  it  might  just  be  true,  so  she’s  your  problem  now,  and  the  best  of  luck  to  you.”
Marco  picked  her  up  easily  and  carried  her  inside.

In  sanity
Caren’s  present  troubles  began  on  the  day  after  she  had  helped  to  bury  Denny  at  Algar.  The  feeling  that  Denny  was  nearby  became  overpowering,  even  making  her  suddenly  drop  to  the  ground  to  look  under  the  wagon,  because  she  was  sure  that  Denny  was  walking  on  the  other  side.  During  the  afternoon,  the  sensation  of  ‘oneness’  that  she  and  Denny  had  shared  in  the  arena  came  back  full  blast,  and  later  on  the  bad  dreams  started,  and  then  turned  into  nightmares.
For  Caren,  the  swaying  of  the  ox  cart  had  turned  into  the  rolling  motion  of  a  boat.  She  clung  to  the  short  mast  and  looked  up  at  the  tattered  sail,  which  flapped  and  fluttered  in  the  gentle  breeze,  torn  fingers  of  canvas  pointing  towards  the  nearing  shore  of  the  lake.  Or  was  it  a  wide  river?  A  glance  over  her  shoulder  showed  her  that  Denny  was  still  at  the  tiller,  unmoving,  silent  and  dressed in  black  and  white  like  the  Lakesiders.  She  was  even  wearing  big  blue  sunglasses.
Denny  raised  one  hand  and  pointed  forward.  Caren  looked  and  saw  they  were  approaching  a  wooden  jetty  which  was  the  only  feature  of  note  on  the  dreary  shore,  and  she  shivered  in  the  cool  evening  air.  With  a  gentle  bump  and  scrape,  the  little  craft  came  to  a  halt  and  Caren  jumped  onto  the  jetty  and  held  onto  the  side  of  the  boat  to  hold  it  in  place.
“Throw  me  the  rope,”  she  said.
Denny  stood  and  tossed  a  coil  of  thin  rope  towards  Caren,  who  caught  it  in  her  right  hand.  The  rope  gleamed  silver  in  the  fading  sunlight  and  seemed  to  possess  a  life  of it’s  own,  twisting  and  writhing  in  Caren’s  grasp.
Suddenly,  it  coiled  itself  round  her  wrist  and  somehow  became  tied  in  a  convoluted  knot.
“Come,”  whispered  Denny,  “It’s  not  far  now,”  and  she  led  the  way,  off  the  pier  and  across  a  meadow  towards  a  low  cliff.  The  cord  from  Denny’s  left  wrist  stretched  taut  and  Caren  had  to  follow.
“What’s  happening?”  she  asked.
“Sisters,  together,  we  are  one,”  Denny  replied.
“No!  I  buried  you.  I  know  I  did.”
Denny  stopped  at  a  doorway  in  the  cliff  face  and  turned  to  face  Caren.  “We’ve  crossed  the  river,  Caz.  Peace  at  last.”
She  raised  her  hand  and  slowly  removed  the  sunglasses.  The  sight  of  the  ravaged  face  shocked  Caren,  making  her  gasp  for  breath  and  her  heart  started  to  race.  When  the  worms  started  wriggling  out  of  the  empty  eye  sockets,  her  scream  started  slowly,  first  as  a  low  moan  then  building  to  a  crescendo  of  terror.
Marco  winced  as  she  gave  the  high  pitched  squeal  right  against  his  ear  and  he  thankfully  laid  her  on  the  bed.
She  opened  her  eyes  and  started  gasping  for  breath.  “Hold   me,”  she  blurted  out.  “Don’t  leave  me,  never  leave  me,”  and  she  burst  into  tears,  sobbing  uncontrollably.

Chapter  14
Sound  advice
“She  shouldn’t  drink  so  much,”  observed  Sali.
“Shouldn’t  drink  at  all,”  added  Flossie,  “not  if  she’s  serious  about  having  a  family  with  Marco.”
“Got  to  stay  healthy  to  have  a  healthy  baby,”  said  Sali,  reaching  for  the  honey  pot  again.  Flossie  smiled  as  she  watched  Sali  spread  a  generous  amount  of  honey  across  a slab  of  crusty  bread.
Sali  looked  up.  “What?”  Then  she  looked  down  at  her  handiwork.  “This?”  she  asked,  waving  the  honey  coated  knife.  “A  little  bit  of  what  you  fancy  does  you  good.”
“A  little  bit?”  queried  Flossie.
“All  things  in  moderation,”  replied  Sali,  trying  to  lift  the  bread  without  losing  it’s  golden  cargo.  “Except  honey  that  is.  Pansy  Prayerbook  eats  tons  of  it,  says  that  it’s  very  medicinal,  so  I  consider  it  my  duty,  as  a  mother  to  be,  to  eat  as  much  as  possible  as  well.”
“Medicinal  eh?  Never  heard  that  one  before.  She  told  me  it  reminded  her  of  home.”
“Mmmm,  medicinal,  full  of  natural  goodness.  Our  Tilly  says  so  as  well.”
“Full  of  bees  wings  and  legs  more  like!”  Retorted  Flossie,  peering  into  the  pot.  “And  other  unmentionable  bits  as  well  I  shouldn’t  wonder.”
There  was  a  slight  pause  before  she  continued.  “Do  you  think  she  will?”
“Mmmm?”  went  Sali  again,  around  a  sticky  mouthful.
“Make  babies  with  Marco.”
Sali  coughed  and  Flossie  found  herself  picking  bits  of  second  hand  bread  and  honey  from  the  front  of  her  blouse.
“Sorry  about  that,  a  bit  went  down  the  wrong  way.  No,  Marco  says  he  can’t  do  it.”
Flossie  showed  her  surprise,  “Can’t  do  it?  That’s  nonsense.  You’ve  only  got  to  look  at  him  the  right  way  and  his  trousers  start  to  bulge  in  a  very  interesting  way.”
“Yes,  well,  we  both  know  what  he  can  do  with  his  interesting  trouser  parts,”  said  Sali,  stroking  her  swollen  stomach  and  glancing  meaningfully  at  Flossie’s  equally  large  abdomen.  “What  he  actually  said  was  that  he  shouldn’t  do  it,  on  account  of  how  she’s  going  to  be  his  great  great  grand  daughter  or  something.  Says  that  the  thought  of  it  makes  him  feel  uncomfortable.”
She  stopped  talking  and  attacked  her  supper  again.
Flossie  thought  a  moment  before  continuing,  “so  he  can,  and  probably  wants  to,  but  he’s  not  going  to  because  he  feels  funny?”
Sali  nodded  and  licked  her  sticky  fingers.  “that’s  about  it  I  guess.”
“Humph.  Selfish  bugger.  No  thoughts  for  others.”
Sali  frowned.  “How  do  you  mean?”
“Well,”  said  Flossie  firmly,  “three  sodding  nights  of  it  we’ve  had,  but  if  he  just  got  on  with  it,  perhaps  it  would  shut  her  up  and  we  could  all  get  a  proper  night’s  sleep  again.”
“Don’t  be  hard  on  her,  Floss,  it  can’t  be  easy.  I’ve  tried  to  get  inside  her  mind  but  there’s  something  shutting  me  out,  so  I  can’t  help  her.  She’s  got  to  get  over  Denny’s  death  by  herself.”
Flossie  yawned  and  stretched.  “Come  on  young  lady,  time  for  bed  I  reckon.  Let’s  see  if  we  can  get  an  hour  or  two  before  the  screaming  starts.”
They  got  up,  leaving  the  dirty  dishes  for  the  morning  when  someone  else  would  clear  up  for  them.  Being  expectant  mothers  gave  them  a  lot  of  privileges,  and  they  were  determined  to  make  the  most  of  their  ‘delicate’  condition.  Hand  in  hand  they  slowly  climbed  the  stairs  to  their  shared  bedroom.

Dreamland
The  rhythm  of  her  heartbeat  became  embedded  in  the  dream,  which  slowly  but  surely  turned  to  nightmare  again.
Bump  bump,  bump  bump,  slow  and  steady  at  first,  then  faster  and  stronger.  Caren  raised  her  head  and  stared  into  the  black,  empty  pits  where  Denny’s  eyes  should  have  been.  She  could  see  Denny’s  mouth  opening  and  closing  but  the  words  were  indistinct  and  lost  in  the  rising  drumbeat  of  her  own  heart.
Bump  bump,  bump  bump.  Faster,  stronger,  louder.
Denny  turned  and  walked  away  and  Caren  was  forced  to  follow  where  her  dead  soulmate  took  her.  Looking  down,  the  silver  cord  still  bound  her  right  wrist  to  Denny’s  left.  She  tried  to  shake  it  off,  but  the  cunning  knot  defied  her  clumsy  fingers.
Denny  led  the  way  and  she  had  no  choice  but  to  follow.  They  eventually  stopped  at  the  cliff  face  and  the  door  was  there  as  before,  third  rock  from  the  left.  A  small  window  in  the  door  opened  and  a  pair  of  bright  eyes  looked  out  at  them.
A  distant  voice  called  out,  “go  away.”
“I  have  an  appointment,”  Denny  whispered.
The  eyes  faded  and  the  window  closed,  then  the  door  opened  slightly.
“Name?”
“Denzil  Sazgood.”
The  door  opened  wider  and  the  gatekeeper  was  revealed  to  them.  It  was  a  man.  A  very  old  man,  with  wispy  white  hair  and  beard  standing  proud  from  his  head  as  if  the  few  hairs  and  whiskers  he  had  left  were  straining  to  get  away  from  him.  Dirty  feet  showed  below  his  dirty  robes  and  gnarled  hands  held  the  door  edge  tightly.  His  eyes  flickered  briefly  towards  Caren.  “She  can’t  come  in,  it’s  not  her  turn  yet.”
“We  are  together,”  said  Denny.
“We  are  one,”  answered  Caren  automatically.
“So  be  it,”  said  the  keeper  and  waved  them  in.
“Wait  while  I  find  your  records,”  he  said  irritably  and  motioned  them  to  one  side  of  the  bare  drab  room  behind  the  door.
They  stood  in  silence,  watching  as  he  searched  the  many  drawers  of  a  cabinet,  all  the  while  muttering  to  himself,  “He  won’t  like  it,  He  won’t  like  it.”
Finally  he  found  what  he  was  looking  for  and  hastily  copied  something  onto  a  slip  of  paper.  “Take  this,”  he  ordered,  “room  678,  down  there,”  and  he  pointed  to  another  door  that  had  appeared  in  the  rock  wall  beside  them.
“Well  go  on  then,  get  on  with  it.  And  don’t  dawdle,  the  business  is  closing  down  soon  and  we’re  in  the  middle  of  packing.”

Door  after  door  after  door  on  each  side  of  the  corridor  which  stretched  away  endlessly  into  the  distance.  Most  of  them  showing  signs  of  not  being  opened  for  a  very  long  time,  some  broken  and  hanging  from  their  hinges,  and  a  few  nailed  shut  with  faded  and  peeling  warnings  painted  across  them.
One  or  two  doors  opened  slightly  as  they  passed,  and  unearthly  eyes  peered  sadly  and  longingly  at  them,  then  at  591  a  bony  hand  reached  out  and  clawed  at  Caren’s  clothing.
“Don’t  go  on,”  a  whining  voice  called  out.  “It’s  out  again  and  John  Dark  won’t  save  you.”
Ominous  animal  noises  came  from  the  tunnel  ahead  and  urged  Caren’s  heart  to  beat  even  faster  and  the  clawing  hand  pulled  her  down  to  her  knees.
“In  here,  in  here.”
Bump  bump,  bump  bump.
Metallic  footsteps  sounded  from  ahead,  or  was  it  behind.  The  clawing  hand  was  at  her  back  and  she  tried  to  yell  out  in  fear,  but  her  voice  betrayed  her.
“Denny  help  me,”  she  whimpered.
Footsteps  nearer,  louder,  the  hand  reached  her  shoulder  and  gripped  tight.
“Caren,”  boomed  a  voice  near  her  in  the  darkness.
“It’s  coming,”  she  screamed,  finding  her  voice  at  last,  then  she  leaned  over  the  side  of  the  bed  and  threw  up  violently.
She  lay  a  moment  staring  down  at  the  mess  on  the  floor.
Marco  stroked  the  hair  away  from  her  eyes  and  kissed  her  forehead.  “Lay  still  and  I’ll  get  it  cleaned  up.”
“I  don’t  remember  having  carrots,”  she  sobbed.
“Hush  darling,”  he  whispered,  “There’s  always  carrots.”

Death  Bringer  whirled  round,  his  wild  eyes  searching  the  darkness.  Somehow  they  had  eluded  him  again.
Born  to  run,  he  needed  to  chase  something.  Born  to  bite,  his  wicked  teeth  snapped  shut  just  missing  the  hastily  withdrawn  arm  and  the  door  was  slammed  shut  in  his  face.  Born  to  kick,  the  door  shook  under  his  onslaught  but  held  firm.
He  screamed  his  anger  and  started  running  again,  trying  to  burn  off  his  frustrations  in  a  state  of  exhaustion  that  he  knew  would  never  come.

Chapter  15
Surveillance
“Awful  quiet  down  there  don’t  you  think?”
Bubbles  looked  up  at  Glen’s  comment  and  then  went  back  to  sharpening  her  new  sword.  “Looks  like  she’s  not  dared  to  complain  about  us  then.”
Her  breathing  was  just  about  back  to  normal  now,  after  their  steady  run  out  of  Altmore  and  up  the  hill  to  the  North,  where  they  sat  under  a  tree,  watching  for  pursuit  and  waiting  for  Daisy  to  join  them.  Glen  pursed  her  lips  and  nodded  silently.
The  hiss  of  stone  on  steel  stopped  as  Bubbles  decided  that  the  edge  was  good  enough  for  the  time  being.  She  held  the  sword  in  front  of  her,  laid  across  her  palms  and  rocked  the  blade  back  and  forth  to  catch  the  suns  rays.
“Beautiful,”  she  whispered.  “I’ve  never  owned  anything  like  this  before,”  she  glanced  down  at  her  trousers  and  boots.  “Nor  these  either.  How  am  I  going  to  repay  you  Glen?  I’ve  got  no  money,  never  likely  to  have  any  either.”
Glen  smiled  at  her  new  partner.  A  week  ago,  Bubbles  had  been  penniless  and  nearly  dressed  in  rags,  but  now  she  owned  a  new  outfit,  complete  with  sword  in  a  wooden,  sheepskin  lined  scabbard,  two  knives  and  a  spoon,  courtesy  of  Glen’s  generosity.  Everybody  in  Spangerland  owned  at  least  a  spoon  but  Bubbles  had  been  desperate  enough  to  swap  hers  for  a  loaf  of  bread.
“No  need.  Think  of  it  as  all  the  birthday  presents  you  should  have  had,  all  in  one  go.”  Glen  got  to  her  feet  again,  and  brushed  the  dirt  off  her  pants,  “she’s  coming.”
When  they  had  made  a  hasty  retreat  from  Bonnie  Boots’  shop,  Daisy  had  stayed  near  the  town  to  look  for  her  friend,  Molly.  At  the  time  of  Daisy’s  arrest  by  the  militia,  for  several  burglaries,  Molly  had  been  ill  with  a  fever,  and  Daisy  had  been  trying  to  nurse  her  back  to  health.
“Doesn’t  look  very  happy,”  said  Bubbles  as  she  watched  Daisy  slowly  climb  the  hill  towards  them.
Glen  agreed.  “Looks  like  bad  news.”
The  news  was  as  bad  as  it  could  get.  “She’s  dead,”  Daisy  told  them.  “Wagon  carted  her  off  a  month  ago.  Bastards!”
Glen  did  some  quick  calculations.  “When  the  militia  took  you  away.”
Daisy  nodded,  anger  and  guilt  chasing  each  other  round  and  around  her  brain.  “She’d  still  be  alive  if  I  hadn’t  been  caught.  It’s  all  my  fault.”  She  sat  on  the  ground,  with  her  back  to  the  tree,  head  in  hands  and  shedding  silent  tears.
After  a  couple  of  minutes,  Bubbles  interrupted  her  mourning.  “Want  to  visit  her  grave?”
Daisy  shook  her  head  and  dried  her  eyes.  “No  point,”  she  said  angrily.  “She’ll  be  in  the  big  pit,  covered  in  lime  and  surrounded  by  bloody  weeds.”
Glen  and  Bubbles  looked  at  each  other  across  Daisy’s  head,  and  Glen  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “Come  on,”  she  said  to  Daisy,  “pick  up  your  pack,  we  ought  to  start  out  now.  We’ve  got  a  good  six  hours  of  daylight  left,  and  can  get  a  long  way  from  here  if  we  move  smartish.”
“Wait,”  said  Daisy,  “there’s  more.”
“Yes?”
“I  asked  about  her,  Conti,  and  she’s  doing  the  wagon  run.  Due  back  here  in  about  four  days  on  her  way  home.”
“Ah.”  Glen  went  very  thoughtful,  considering  the  options  open  to  them  and  came  to  a  decision.  “Change  of  plan  girls,”  she  said  smiling.  “Instead  of  sitting  around,  waiting  for  her  to  turn  up,  we’ll  be  heading  East  for  a  short  way,  and  with  hard  work  and  a  bit  of  luck  we  can  earn  ourselves  a  little  bonus.  Get  our  money  back.”
Bubbles  frowned.  She  didn’t  know  that  anyone  lived  out  that  way.  “What’s  out  there  then?”  she  asked,  but  Glen  just  smiled  and  said,  “wide  open  spaces  and  fresh  air.”

They  travelled  North  for  two  hours,  then  turned  East  along  a  barely  visible  track,  which  followed  a  small  stream  into  the  foothills  of  the  central  plateau.  They  were  now  heading  for  a  region  somewhere  to  the  North  of  Guardians  Nest.  Wild  country,  seldom  visited  by  any  animal  with  less  than  four  legs,  where  it  was  survival  of  the  fittest.  Or  fastest?
Glen  informed  them  that  they  were  about  two  hours  from  their  destination,  but  it  would  be  safer  to  make  camp  for  the  night  in  a  cave  she  knew  of  just  ahead.
“That’s  it,”  she  said  eventually  and  pointed.
There  was  nothing  much  to  see  at  first,  but  as  they  drew  nearer  to  the  cliff  face,  Bubbles  and  Daisy  were  amazed  to  see  a  wooden  door,  partially  hidden  by  thorn  bushes.  Glen  examined  the  door  from  a  distance  before  letting  them  go  closer.
“Can’t  see  anything  wrong.”  she  nodded  to  herself  in  satisfaction  and  they  went  forward  again.  She  peeped  through  the  door’s  barred  window  and  sniffed  the  air.
“OK  girls,  let’s  play  house  shall  we?”
The  door  was  opened  without  too  much  effort  and  the  cave  was  as  Glen,  Beryl  and  Basher  had  left  it  two  years  previously.  A  stone  cistern,  now  empty,  and  three  rough  beds  were  the  main  features,  but  there  were  some  old  tools  and  weapons  to  one  side,  next  to  a  pile  of  firewood.
While  Daisy  laid  the  fire  in  a  stone  circle  outside  the  door,  Glen  and  Bubbles  took  axes  from  the  cave  and  repaired  the  thorn  bush  fence.
“Might  not  need  it,”  said  Glen,  “but  better  safe  than  sorry.”
They  cut  down  whole  bushes  and  forced  them  into  the  fence  to  fill  the  gaps  that  two  years  of  storms  and  neglect  had  produced.
“Do  we  really  need  it  this  big?”  asked  Bubbles,  “I’m  aching  all  over.”
Glen  smiled  at  her  friends  discomfort.  Bubbles  wasn’t  in  the  best  physical  condition,  but  was  improving  slowly.  “As  high  and  solid  as  possible,”  she  told  her.  “We  were  stuck  in  there  for  three  days  once,  with  a  bloody  great  lion  sitting  outside  watching  us  and  licking  it’s  lips.”  She  laughed  at  the  memory  of  it.
Bubbles  looked  round  with  a  horrified  expression.  “Lion?  Three  days?  What  did  you  do?”  she  asked.
Glen  shrugged.  “Oh,  played  dice  a  bit,  told  stories.  That  sort  of  thing.”
“No,  about  the  lion.”
“Waited  till  it  got  bored  and  wandered  off  then  went  to  get  our  spears  that  one  of  us,  who  shall  remain  nameless,  had  left  outside.  After  that,  no  problem.”
“Did  it  just  go  away  then?”
Glen  simply  grinned  and  opened  her  shirt  a  little  to  show  her  the  necklace  made  of  lion’s  claws.
Bubble’s  eyes  nearly  popped  out  of  her  head.  “High  as  possible,”  she  said  and  kept  glancing  round  fearfully  as  she  worked.
Playing  house  also  meant  several  trips  to  the  nearby  stream  to  fill  up  the  cistern  again  with  a  leaky  wooden  bucket,  and  cleaning  and  sharpening  the  spears.  Like  she  said,  “better  safe  than  sorry.”

There  were  plenty  of  outlandish  noises  in  the  night  but  none  really  close  by,  and  soon  after  daybreak  they  set  off  after  a  meagre  breakfast,  carrying  the  digging  tools  as  well  as  their  own  spears,  heading  for  what  Glen  told  them  was  called,  tommy  ticker.
They  walked  without  a  break  for  about  six  or  seven  kilometres  and  arrived  at  their  destination  without  seeing  or  hearing  anyone,  or  anything.
“Is  this  it  then?”  asked  Bubbles  wearily  as  she  surveyed  the  surrounding  scrubland.
“Certainly  is,”  replied  Glen,  “over  here.  Look.”  And  led  them  to  where  she  had  last  been  digging  two  years  ago.  She  knelt  down  and  brushed  the  dirt  away  to  expose  a  pale  blue  surface  with  faded  off-white  lettering.  “Can  you  read  Spanish?”
Daisy  shook  her  head.  She  knew  her  numbers  OK  but  couldn’t  read  very  well.
Bubbles  read  the  words  slowly,  and  translated  into  English.  “Tome  su  tique.  Take  your  ticket?”
“Well  done,  go  to  the  top  of  the  class.”
Daisy  looked  round  in  bewilderment.  “What  do  you  need  a  ticket  for?  There’s  nothing  here.”
“Well  ladies,  down  there,  below  your  feet  is  the  royal  road.”
Her  two  companions  dutifully  looked  down  at  the  hard  dirt  they  were  standing  on,  and  looked  back  at  her  in  disbelief.
“No,  not  there,  right  under  your  feet,  but  about  two  metres  down.  I’ve  seen  it.  Black  as  night  it  is,  and  in  the  old  days,  people  had  to  pay  to  use  it.”
“Pay  to  use  a  road?”  Bubbles’  voice  showed  her  scepticism.  “Never  heard  of  such  a  thing.  Why  would  anyone  pay  to  use  a  road?”
“Because,  as  the  humble  sailor  that  you  are,  it  would  take  you  at  least  two  weeks  to  walk  from  Gap  to  the  fabled  city  of  Madrid.  But  as  the  Lady  Leona,  you  would  travel  this  special  road  in  your  magic  carriage  and  be  there  in  half  a  day.”
“How  do  you  know  that  then?”
“Seen  some  old  books  with  maps  and  numbers  in.”
Bubbles  was  ready  to  carry  on  debating  but  Glen  stopped  her  arguments.  “Just  trust  me,  and  when  you  see  what  there  is  down  there,  well,  you’ll  be  apologising  later.”
She  found  the  exact  spot  where  they  had  dug  last  time,  and  pointed  out  the  two  other  shallower  craters  that  were  all  that  was  left  of  previous  excavations.  Pacing  out  the  steps  between  the  depressions,  and  then  beyond,  Glen  stopped  and  called  them  over.  “Here,”  she  informed  them.  Or  if  we’re  unlucky,  the  same  distance  the  other  way.”  She  surveyed  their  unhappy  faces.  “Yes,  the  road’s  a  couple  of  metres  down,  but  we’re  only  looking  for  the  top  of  the  kiosk  where  they  collected  the  money.”
Scratching  lines  in  the  dirt,  she  instructed  them  to  dig  two  trenches  across  where  she  thought  the  toll  booth  should  be.
“You  actually  expect  to  find  real  money  then?”  asked  Daisy  as  she  started  to  dig.
“Did  last  time.  Loads  of  it,  and  other  things  too.”  She  made  no  mention  of  the  disappointment  they  had  felt  when  the  second  dig  had  produced  absolutely  nothing,  but  told  them  about  the  glittering  piles  of  money  and  jewellery  they  might  find  nestling  in  the  earth  below  them.
Wielding  their  rusty  mattocks  and  shovels  they  had  exposed  nothing  but  more  dirt,  and  were  on  the  verge  of  giving  up  when  they  struck  gold.  The  roof  of  the  booth  was  still  yellow  in  parts  and  Daisy’s  mattock  produced  a  reassuringly  hollow  sound  when  she  struck  it.
“Now  the  hard  part  begins.  We  have  to  remove  a  big  square  of  dirt  to  make  it  safe  to  go  inside.  But  first,  time  to  rest  our  aching  backs  and  have  a  drink.”

They  eventually  exposed  the  full  roof  of  the  booth  and  carefully  dug  down  one  side  to  expose  the  plastic  window,  and  even  though  it  was  only  just  past  noonday,  they  were  getting  hot  and  tired  from  their  exertions.
“Nearly  done  now  girls,”  said  Glen,  wiping  the  sweat  from  her  forehead.  “All  we  have  to  do  now  is  break  the  window  and  pray  it’s  not  all  been  in  vain.”
She  balanced  precariously  on  the  edge  of  the  roof  above  the  pit  they  had  created  and  swung  the  mattock  down  with  all  the  force  she  could  muster.  Then  again,  and  again  before  declaring  it  was  someone  else’s  turn.

They  got  back  to  the  cave  before  sunset  and  collapsed  thankfully  on  their  beds.
After  she  had  recovered  from  the  forced  march,  Daisy  made  some  flat  bread  with  the  last  of  their  flour  and  they  ate  it  with  cheese  and  olive  oil,  savouring  every  delicious  mouthful,  knowing  that  they  would  have  to  go  foraging  for  food  in  the  morning.
“Do  I  apologise  now  Glen?”
Glen  shook  her  head.  “Not  really  love.  I  didn’t  believe  it  the  first  time  either.”
“Can  we  count  it  yet?”  asked  Daisy  eagerly.
Glen  agreed  and  putting  down  her  bulging  cloak,  indicated  that  Daisy  could  untie  it.  With  the  cloak  laid  flat  at  last,  they  spread  out  their  finds  in  neat  rows  and  examined  the  mysteries  from  the  past.  The  stainless  steel  knife,  fork  and  spoon  presented  no  challenge  to  their  imaginations,  nor  did  the  plastic  lunchbox  they  were  in,  but  a  screwdriver  and  a  dozen  electronic  components  completely  baffled  them  as  did  most  of  the  other  strange  items  they  had  collected.
Glen  picked  up  and  caressed  each  of  the  things  they  had  found,  and  they  made  wild  guesses  as  to  their  original  uses,  some  nearly  right  and  some  hopelessly  wrong.  Then  there  was  only  the  steel  box  that  Glen  had  wrenched  away  from  the  wall  of  the  booth.  It  was  heavy  and  rattled  in  a  very  satisfying  manner.  Using  the  hammer,  gently  at  first,  but  getting  gradually  wilder,  Bubbles  managed  to  break  the  locking  mechanism,  making  the  lid  spring  open  at  last,  and  she  tipped  the  contents  out  onto  the  cloak.
“Flaming  seesaws!”  exclaimed  Daisy,  with  eyes  as  big  as  saucers  as  the  coins  spilled  out  into  an   untidy  heap.
After  a  moment’s  silence  as  they  gazed  at  the  incredible  pile  of  money,  Bubbles  started  crying  softly  and  the  other  two  looked  at  her  in  surprise.
Glen  put  her  arm  round  the  older  woman’s  shoulders  and  held  her  tight.  “What’s  wrong  pet?”
“Is  it  really  mine?”  she  blurted  out,  her  voice  shaking,  “some  of  it?”
Glen  kissed  her  gently.  “Of  course  it  is.  We  can  probably  sell  the  weird  stuff  to  one  of  the  men,  or  Margaret,  but  the  coins?  We’ll  give  maybe  half  of  them  to  Beryl  for  emergencies,  but  we  each  have  an  equal  share  of  the  rest  when  we  get  home.”
“Where’s  home?”  asked  Daisy  quietly.
Glen  realised  instantly  what  she  meant.  Daisy  had  been  on  the streets  for  years  and  had  nowhere  to  call  home.  “For  me,  home  is  wherever  Beryl  says  it  is,  but  when  this  is  over,  you  can  either  stay  with  us  or  go  to  Ibis,  to  live  with  Caren  Hummingbird.”
As  Daisy  glanced  briefly  at  the  pile  of  silver,  copper  and  brass  coins,  Glen  nodded  and  carried  on,  “you’ve  done  your  share  of  the  work,  so  you  still  get  your  share  of  the  money.”
Daisy  smiled  in  relief,  both  she  and  Bubbles  had  been  penniless  for  as  long  as  they  could  remember  and  here,  in  front  of  them  was  the  promise  of  a  secure  future.

Chapter  16
The  RABBITS
Conti  was  happy  to  be  nearly  home,  as  this  was  the  last  trip  to  Altmore  she  would  be  making  for  a  while.  It  had  been  six  days  since  her  menstrual  cycle  finished,  and  in  three  days  time  she  would  be  running  round  the  lake  with  Walter.
He  ran  the  lake  every  day,  whatever  the  weather,  and  the  girls  that  Consuela  chose  to  run  with  him  had  to  be  as  fit  as  he  was  if  they  wanted  to  keep  up  with  him.  If  they  wanted?  Of  course  they  wanted.  At  the  end  of  the  run  they  would  swim  in  the  lake  near  his  house,  Ana  would  prepare  a  meal  for  them,  and  then  there  was  the  promise  of  that  massage  and  love  making  that  was  the  talk  of  the  town.  The  women  and  girls  of  Lakeside  had  been  disappointed,  and  probably  rightly  so,  when  Walter  had  arrived  to  take  up  residence  as  'their'  man.  Even  though  he  was  ruggedly  handsome  and  kept  himself  fit  by  running  and  vigorous  exercise,  he  was  the  oldest  of  the  six  men  who  had  arrived  in  the  time  machine,  and  his  sexual  prowess  had  not  lived  up  to  the  Lakesider’s  expectations.
All  that  had  changed  after  the  Spring  fair,  when  Walter’s  new  found  energy  and  appetite  had  taken  them  by  surprise,  and  the  girls  waited  in  eager  anticipation  and  some  degree  of  dread  for  Consuela  and  Sybil  to  announce  the  name  of  the  next  one  to  ‘run  the  lake’.
So  Conti  daydreamed  about  the  day  when  she  and  Walter  would  become  one,  when  she  would  scream  and  moan  just  like  cousin  Consuela,  and  upset  the  dogs  in  the  night.
Her  blissful  reverie  came  to  an  end  when  she  was  still  several  kilometres  South  of  Lakeside,  as  she  rounded  a  bend  in  the  trail  and  saw  three  women  in  the  road,  apparently  having  an  argument.  Fearing  they  were  bandits,  she  halted  the  wagon  while  still  some  forty  metres  away  from  them,  grabbed  her  bow  and  bag  of  arrows,  and  jumped  to  the  ground.  She  nocked  an  arrow  and  waited  in  readiness,  but  they  still  went  on  arguing,  waving  their  arms  and  looking  up  the  trail,  towards  Lakeside.
At  last,  one  of  them  saw  her  standing  there  and  gave  a  brief  wave,  then  turned  to  the  others  again.  She  obviously  said  something  to  them  as  they  looked  at  Conti  as  well.  One  of  them  left  the  group  and  came  towards  her.
“Stop  right  there,”  Conti  yelled,  her  panic  rising.
The  girl,  she  could  only  be  about  sixteen  or  so,  thought  Conti,  stopped  and  held  her  arms  out  wide.  “Sorry  about  the  delay,”  she  called  out.  “Inspector  Raven  says  we’ll  be  done  soon.”
Conti  frowned.  “Done?  Done  doing  what?”
“Oh,  sorry,  didn’t  I  explain?  We’re  the  rabbits.”  Conti  just  looked  at  her  so  Daisy  carried  on,  reciting  what  Glen  had  taught  her.  “R-A-B-I-T,  road  and  bridge  inspection  team,  and  we’re  looking  for  a  bridge  that  should  be  here  somewhere.”
Conti  still  wore  an  incredulous  look,  so  Daisy  played  her  trump  card,  taking  out  of  her  pocket  a  brightly  coloured  card.  “Here,  look.  It’s  my  permit.”  She  held  out  the  credit  card  they  had  found  in  the  kiosk  but  Conti  raised  the  bow  a  little.
“Right,”  said  Daisy  slowly.  “I’ll  just  put  it  down  here  then,  shall  I?”
She  put  it  on  the  ground  and  retreated  down  the  trail.  Conti  shuffled  forward  and  peered  down  at  the  plastic  card  with  a  picture of  a  white  rabbit  on  it.
“Ronnie  Rabbit,”  Conti’s  mouth  silently  mimed  the  foreign  words  as  she  read  them.  “Your  road  to  a  secure  future"  She  looked  up  at  the  odd  trio,  one  of  whom  was  now  tiptoeing  away  from  her  towards  a  small  box  in  the  middle  of  the  trail.
Daisy  looked  round  at  Conti  who  had  lowered  the  bow  uncertainly.  She  walked  slowly  back  and  held  out  her  hand  for  her  card  and  Conti  passed  it  over.
“No  bridges  round  here,  Ronnie.”
“Local  are  you?”  asked  Daisy  brightly.
Conti  nodded,  “live  in  Lakeside.”
Daisy  looked  at  the  wagon  and  back  to  Conti,  “Oh  of  course,”  she  exclaimed.  “You’re  Conti  aren’t  you.  Conti,  err,  San  Michel?”
“San  Miguel,”  Conti  corrected.  “How  did  you  know  that?”
Daisy  waved  towards  the  North.  “They  said  you  would  be  coming,  didn’t  know  exactly  when  though.”
Conti  relaxed.  “What  are  you  trying  to  do  then?”
“Well,  we’ve  got  this  old  map  that  shows  the  roads  and  stuff  that  used  to  be  here,  and  they’ve  given  us  this  locator  thing  but  it’s  playing  up  a  bit.  We’re  trying  to  reset  it  now,  then  it’ll  point  us  towards  the  nearest  bridge.  At  least  we  hope  it  will.”
Conti  frowned  and  thought  a  moment.  “Why  look  for  something  that’s  not  there?”
Daisy  leant  forward  and  lowered  her  voice.  “Money.”
Conti’s  eyes  lit  up.  “What,  buried  treasure?”
Daisy  nodded.  “Yeh,  sort  of.  The  map  shows  a  toll  bridge,  and  they  think  the  money  is  still  there.”  She  paused  a moment.  “Oh,  now  then,  with  you  having  local  know  how,  you  could  help  us  find  it,  if  Raven  says  so  of  course.  Could  be  a  pound  or  two  in  it  for  you.”
Conti  was  getting  excited  at  the  thought  of  having  cash  in  her  pocket  again,  and  her  eyes  were  sparkling.
Daisy  landed  the  killer  blow.  “Shall  I  ask  her?”
Conti  jumped  at  the  chance  and  they  walked  down  the  track  to  the  others.
“This  is  Conti,”  said  Daisy.  “Conti  San  Miguel  and  she’s  local.  We  can  probably  find  it  quicker  with  her  help.”
Glen  looked  at  Conti  thoughtfully.  “OK.”  she  said  at  last.  “Welcome  to  the  team.”
Conti’s  heart  leapt.  She  was  going  to  be  rich.
“Now,”  said  Glen.  “I  think  it’s  had  long  enough,  so  we’ll  try  again.  Inspector  Buzz,  remove  the  map  please.”
They  all  crouched  down  round  the  small  box  in  the  road,  and  Bubbles  carefully  lifted  off  the  ancient  road  map  which  covered  it  to  reveal  nothing  but  loose  sand.
“Now,  digger  Flowers,  insert  your  fingers  and  prepare  to  lift.”
Daisy  slowly  worked  her  fingers  into  the  sand.  “Got  it,”  she  said.
“Funny  thing,”  said  Glen.  “We  thought  it  had  gone  for  good.  Another  inspector  lost  it,  but  then  it  turned  up  again.  Lift  it  now,  slowly,  there’s  a  good  girl.”
The  sand  shifted  and  ran  in  small  avalanches  as  Daisy’s  hand  rose  so  very  slowly,  at  first  revealing  a  soft  gleam  of  red,  then  as  the  ruby  ring  came  clear  of  the  box  it  sparkled  in  the  bright  sunlight.
Conti’s  heart  began  to  race,  her  mouth  went  dry  and  she  started  to  feel  dizzy  as  she  recognised  the  ring  she  had  taken  from  around  Tanya  Vine’s  neck.

Seeing  stars
Tanya  was  in  tears  as  she  left  the  Swan,  still  reeling  from  Jade’s  cruel  words.  She  half  ran  and  stumbled  along  the  front  of  the  inn  towards  the  South  gate,  but  at  the  corner  of  the  building,  she  bumped  into  three  figures  coming  the  other  way.
“Watch  where  you’re  going  you  clumsy  oaf,”  yelled  one.
“Sorry,”  said  Tanya  automatically,  and  there  was  a  gasp  as  she  was  recognised.
“Homestead  bitch,”  snarled  Sonia,  and  Tanya  heard  no  more  after  Solidad  felled  her  with  one  blow  from  her  knob  stick.
They  dragged  her  round  the  corner  into  the  alley  next  to  Gloria’s  residence,  where  they  had  been  engaged  in  a  little  petty  pilfering.
“Shall  we  do  her  here?”  asked  Solidad,  fingering  her  knife.
Sonia  shook  her  head,  even  though  the  others  could  hardly  see  her.  “No,  I’ve  got  plans  for  this  little  madam,”  she  said,  as  her  dreams  of  vengeance  became  reality.
“You,  Soli.  Back  inside.  That  wig  you  took  the  comb  from.  Bring  it  out  here.”
As  Solidad  crept  back  towards  Altmore’s  leader’s  house,  Conti  saw  the  ring  on  the  string  as  she  helped  to  pull  Tanya’s  dress  off,  and  managed  to  remove  it  and  get  it  down  the  front  of  her  own  blouse  before  Sonia  noticed.
Sonia  took  her  knife  out  and  started  crudely  hacking  off  Tanya’s  hair.  She  was  none  too  careful  and Tanya’s  scalp  was  soon  bleeding  from  several  minor  cuts.  Conti  looked  on  in  surprise  as  Sonia  collected  all  the  hair  and  thrust  it  into  her  own  pockets.
“Tie  her  up  and  gag  the  bitch,”  she  commanded,  and  Tanya  was  laying  there  helpless  and  half  naked  when  Solidad  returned.
“Got  it,”  she  said  and  held  out  Gloria’s  wig.
“Not  for  me,  fathead,”  retorted  Sonia  and  slapped  it  away.  “It’s  for  you.  Put  it  on,  and  the  dress,  and  this  is  what  you’re  going  to  do.”

Conti  staggered  to  her  feet,  her  eyes  riveted  on  the  ring  she  had  sold  to  Bonnie  Boots  for  one  and  a  half  pounds  just  a  few  short  weeks  ago.
“I  think  I’ve  changed  my  mind,”  she  gasped,  then  gasped  again,  but  louder,  as  Bubbles  pushed  her  in  the  chest,  causing  her  to  fall  over  Daisy,  who  was  now  crouched  down  behind  her.
“Going  so  soon?”  asked  Glen  calmly,  “and  I  thought  you  wanted  to  help  us.”
After  a  brief  struggle,  they  tied  her  feet  and  hands  together  and  removed  her  knife,  with  Conti  crying  and  yelling  for  help  as  they  did  so.
“Save  your  breath  girly,”  said  Bubbles  leering  at  her  menacingly,  “no  one  can  hear  you.  You’re  ours  now.”
Conti  whimpered  as  Bubbles  examined  the  contents  of  her  purse  and  Glen  sliced  blades  of  grass  to  test  the  edge  of  her  knife.
“Tell  us  about  Tanya  Vine,”  Said  Glen  menacingly.
Conti  shook  her  head  vigorously.
“You  will  tell  us,  I  promise  you.  How  soon  is  up  to  you,  and  for  your  sake,  the  sooner  the  better.”
Conti  fearfully  watched  the  blade  of  her  own  knife  weaving  slowly  in  front of  her  face.  To  the  left,  to  the  right,  coming  nearer,  retreating  again.
“Daisy.”
“Yes  Glen?”
“Go  and  look  after  the   wagon.”
“The  wagon?”
“Yes,  you  don’t  want  to  see  this.”
Daisy  got  slowly  to  her  feet  and  walked  away,  not  looking  back.
Conti  started  crying  again.  “You  can’t  do  this,”  she  sobbed.  “It’s  not  my  fault.  I  didn’t  do  it.”
“Ah,  now  we’re  getting  somewhere.”  The  knife  hovered  above  Conti’s  left  eye.  “Tell  me  more.  Tell  me  who’s  fault  it  really  is.”
Conti  screwed  her  eyes  tight  and  then  screamed  as  Glen  tapped  her  on  the  forehead  with  the  flat  of  the  blade.
“Tell  me,  or  madam  knife  here  will  be  changing  colour  very  soon.”
“Sonia,”  she  gasped  and  her  voice  fell  as  she  sobbed  out,  “it  was  Sonia  and  Solidad.”

“I  feel  so  stupid,”  said  Solidad  as  she  fastened  Tanya’s  dress  and  put  on  Gloria’s  wig.  “Nobody’s  gonna  believe  that  I’m  her.”
“Shut  up  complaining  and  just  do  it,”  Sonia  ordered.  “Well,  go  on  then,  and  make  sure  you’re  seen.”
Solidad  walked  away,  muttering  as  she  went,  out  of  the  South  gate  towards  the  house  where  Tanya  was  staying.
As  she  disappeared  into  the  gloom,  Sonia  and  Conti  carried  Tanya  along  the  alley  and  heaved  her  into  the  back  of  the  wagon  that  was  due  to  leave  for  Lakeside  in  the  morning.  Eventually,  Solidad  returned,  carrying  all  of  Tanya’s  possessions.
“Well?”  said  Sonia.
“Just  like  you  wanted,”  replied  Solidad.  “The  old  biddy  saw  me,  but  not  too  close.  She  watched  me  go  down  the  Ibis  road,  then  I  doubled  back  through  the  fields.”
Sonia  nodded  and  smiled  in  satisfaction.  “That  should  confuse  them  enough  to  give  us  a  day  or  two.”  She  then  gave  her  two  willing  accomplices  their  next  orders.  They  would  take  it  in  turns  to  stay  with  the  wagon,  to  make  sure  that  nobody  discovered  it’s  sorry  cargo,  then  Soli  would  drive  it  out  of  town  at  daybreak,  while  Sonia  and  Conti  made  sure  the  regular  driver  was  unavailable.

“So,  if  I’ve  got  this  straight,”  mused  Glen,  “Solidad  drove  out  of  town  with  Tanya  tied  up  in  the back,  and  you  did  nothing  to  stop  her.”
“I  tried,  I  tried,”  snivelled  Conti,  “I  told  them  it  was  wrong,  but  they  wouldn’t  listen  to  me.”
“And  then  you  sold  her  ring  to  Bonnie  bloody  Boots,”  snarled  Bubbles,  “and  you  never  tried  to  help  Tanya.”
“They  threatened  to  cut  me  if  I  told  anyone.  I  was  scared  of  them.”  Conti  started  sobbing  again.  “I  tried  to  free  her  in  the  night,  honest  I  did.  I  managed  to  get  her  things,  but  Soli  was  coming  back  and  I  had  to  run.”
“Her  things,”  growled  Glen.  “I  suppose  you  sold  them  as  well.”
“No,  no,  I  buried  them.  In  the  Swan’s  yard,  behind  the  closet.”
Conti  wailed  as  Bubbles  grabbed  a  fistful  of  her  hair  and  said  menacingly,  “Where  did  Soli  take  her?  Where’s  Tanya  Vine  now?”
She  refused  to  answer,  until  Bubbles  had  slapped  her  face  two  or  three  times.
“It  wasn’t  my  idea,  Sonia  told  her  to  take  her  up  the  hill  just  off  cow  lane,  and  stake  her  out  for  the  wolves.”
Bubbles  sat  back  on  her  heels  and  there  was  a  deathly  silence,  only  broken  by  the  sound  of  rushing  water  in  the  river  and  Conti’s  occasional  sobs.

It  wasn’t  that  far  away,  and  they  found  the  body,  or  what  was  left  of  it,  naked  and  blackened,  like  overdone  leftovers  at  an  obscene  barbecue,  slowly  rotting  away  and  providing  the  small  denizens  of  the  woods  with  an  unholy  meal.  Daisy  turned  away  but  had  seen  too  much  already  and  vomited  violently,  again  and  again,  until  there  was  nothing  left  but  noise  and  the  pain  of  contracting  muscles.  Bubbles  returned  to  the  wagon  where  they  had  left  Conti  securely  bound,  and  collected  her  blanket  to  wrap  the  corpse  in.  They  carefully  gathered  up  what  was  left  of  the  body,  and  spilling  white maggots  everywhere,  wrapped  it  securely  in  the  blanket,  before  Glen  lifted  the  pathetic  bundle  easily  and  laid  it  with  reverential  care  in  the  back  of  the  wagon.
She  nudged  Conti  with  her  foot.  “Where  do  we  find  the  lovely  Solidad?”  she  asked.
Conti  giggled,  so  Glen  kicked  her  a  little  harder.  “Where?”
“In  the  cemetery,”  she  hissed.  Glen’s  twisted  expression  made  her  shout  out  in  fear.  “It’s  true,  I  swear,”  she  blurted  out.  “She  was  already  there  when  we  got  back  from  the  fair  at  Altmore.”  Her  voice  rose  hysterically  as  she  tried  to  divert  Glen’s  obvious  anger.  “Marlene  Makepiece  saw  her  with  a  bottle,  drunk  she  was,  and  she  fell  in  the  river  and  drowned.”
“Shit!”  Bubbles  spat  out  the  word.  “What  are  we  going  to  do  now,  Glen?”
Glen  gave  a  big  sigh  as  she  accepted  the  possibility  that  Conti  was  telling  the  truth,  and  Solidad  really  was  beyond  their  reach.  “We’ll  give  her  the  honour  that  she  deserves,  and  see  what  happens  then.”
“Who  deserves?  Tanya?”  asked  Bubbles.
Glen  nodded  then  smiled  grimly  as  she  looked  at  their  prisoner.  “She  can’t  go  to  the  afterlife  with  no  clothes  though,  can  she?”

Siesta  time  was  over,  so  Rosaline  was  wide  awake  when  the  oxcart  rumbled  up  to  her  house,  the  first  one  on  the  South  side  of  town.  She  was  also  very  surprised  when  it  stopped  outside,  and  even  more  surprised  when  she  saw  Conti,  naked  as  the  day  she  was  born  and  tethered  to  the  back  of  the  wagon  by  a  long  rope.  Conti  sank  to  her  knees  to  take  the  weight  off  her  bloody  feet,  and  Rosaline  started  forward  to  help  her  but  was  stopped  by  Bubbles.
“Leave  her,”  she  ordered.  “She’s  getting  her  just  rewards.”
Rosaline  tried  to  argue  but  was  driven  back  and  forced  to  help  the  others  as  they  moved  her  wood  pile  to  the  roadway,  where  they  built  a  funeral  pyre  for  Tanya  Vine.
Eventually  Glen  declared  it  good  enough  and  they  laid  Tanya’s  earthly  remains  on  top  of  it  with  Conti’s  clothes,  plus  a  spear  and  shield  they  took  from  the  wagon.
Bubbles  and  Daisy  lit  the  pyre  in  several  places  and  the  flames  licked  higher  and  higher.
“Hear  me,”  shouted  Glen.  “Hear  me  Lady  of  the  night,  hear  my  plea.  Take  the  soul  of  Tanya  Vine  into  your  eternal  care,  and  give  her  the  peace  she  deserves.”

In  that  world  of  in  between,  where  truth  and  lies  often  mean  the  same  thing,  a  red  faced  runner  entered  room  678.
“Excuse  me  ma’am,  but  there’s  a  message  coming  through  for  you  next  door.”
“680?”  she  queried.
The  runner  nodded  and  backed  out  of  the  room.
“Time  to  be  the  Lady  of  the  night  again,”  she  mused.  “Wonder  what  they  want  this  time.”

“Accept  my  blood  as  payment  for  her  passage  to  your  side  and  I  will  be  forever  in  your  debt.”
Glen  made  a  small  cut  on  her  forearm  and  allowed  it  to  bleed  onto  a  piece  of  dirty  cloth,  then  balled  it  up  and  threw  it  into  the  flames.
“You.”  She  called  the  woman  to  her.  “Take  a  message  for  me,  up  there,”  and  she  indicated  towards  Lakeside  centre.  “Here’s  ten  cents  for  your  trouble,  and  this  is  what  you  say  to  cousin  Consuela.”
When  the  woman  had  repeated  the  message  to  Glen’s  satisfaction,  and  was  on  her  way,  Glen  told  her  fellow  travellers  to  get  ready  for  trouble.
They  were  poorly  armed,  having  only  side  arms,  short  spears  and  round  shields,  but  after  sending  the  message  that  they  were  only  one  group  of  many,  all  searching  for  Tanya,  Glen  did  not  expect  any  bloodshed,  and  they  stood  in  the  road  watching  the  first  of  the  Lakesiders  coming  their  way.
Glen  glanced  at  the  little  boat  tied  up  against  the  wooden  pier.  “Is  it  ready?”  she  asked.
“All  loaded  up  and  only  held  with  a  loop  on  the  stake.”  replied  Bubbles.  “Quick  and  easy.”  She  looked  up  at  the  tree  tops.  “Wind’s  right  too.”
“Looks  like  she’s  heard  the  news,”  said  Daisy,  her  voice  betraying  her  fear.  She  wasn’t  a  fighter,  more  of  a  ‘let’s  run  away’  sort  of  person.
Consuela  was  hurrying  towards  them  with  a  large  group  of  women,  some  of  whom  were  carrying  spears.
“What  is  the  meaning  of  this  madness?”  she  demanded,  as  she  stopped  a  safe  distance  away.
“This  is  only  madness  when  seen  from  the  outside,  but  madness  or  not,  it  finishes  here,”  shouted  Glen.  “But  only  if  you  let  it.  We  are  giving  Tanya  Vine  the  funeral  she  deserves,  as  prima  and  leader  of  many.  Stay  back!”  This  last  retort  directed  at  one  woman  getting  too  close  for  comfort.  “I  presume  you  know  this  sorry  wretch?”  and  she  waved  her  spear  at  Conti,  rope  still  round  her  neck,  hands  tied  and  shivering  with  fright.  “What  an  interesting  tale  she  tells.”
“Look  at  her,”  yelled  Consuela.  “Torture  anybody  and  they  will  tell  you  anything  you  want  to  hear,  you  know  that.”
“She  told  her  tale  freely,  and  all  you  have  to  do  is  ask  stupid  Sonia  why  and  how  Tanya  Vine  ended  up  dead  in  your  woods.”  There  was  a  brief  silence  before  Glen  continued.  “For  us  it  ends  here.  But  be  warned  that  Tanya  was  kin  to  Caren  Hummingbird,  and  if  you  want  more,  then  she  will  be  pleased  to  pay  you  a  visit,  but  she  will  not  be  alone.  She  will  come  with  a  hundred  wardogs  and  they’ll  tear  this  place  down,  brick  by  stinking  brick.”  She  pulled  on  the  rope  and  Conti  staggered  forward.  “Here,  I  believe  this  is  yours.”
She  motioned  to  Bubbles  and  Daisy,  and  they  backed  away  slowly  to  the  boat.  The  Lakesiders  watched  them  go  but  Consuela  shook  her  head  at  the  unspoken  request  from  her  guards  for  permission  to  follow  and  attack.
“Find  Sonia,  I  want  to  see  her,  now,”  she  ordered.  She  pointed  to  Conti,  “Get  that  creature  some  clothes,  her  nakedness  insults  me.  And  bring  her  to  me  as  well.”

In  room  680,  Mary,  mother  of  the  Lord  Jesus,  was  in  her  role  as  the  Lady  of  the  night,  as  she  welcomed  the  new  arrival.
“Come  in  my  dear,”  she  said  gently.  “Found  us  all  right  did  you?”
The  girl  made  a  small  curtsy,  “yes  ma’am.”
“Ah.  Now  that’s  odd,  we  were  expecting  Tanya  Vine.”

Chapter  17
Mine  all  mine
As  the  first  light  of  day  crept  between  the  buildings  of  Altmore,  Solidad  goaded  the  draught  cattle  into  reluctant  action  and  Tanya  Vine  started  her  journey  into  hell.
Soli  was  in  a  foul  mood  because  Tanya’s  few  possessions  had  disappeared  overnight, and  she  had  been  intending  to  sell  them  and  keep  the  money  for  herself.  Bloody  Sonia  or  bloody  Conti,  she  thought.  Just  wait  till  we  meet  again.  Her  thoughts  of  revenge  were  interrupted  by  two  women  carrying  an  awkward  bundle.
They  waved  her  to  stop  and  asked  for  her  help,  explaining  that  what  they  were  carrying  was  a  kid  who  had  been  ill  and  died,  so  could  she  please  take  them  to  the  cemetery.  No,  she  had  no  kinfolk  and  lived  rough,  in  the  old  mill.
Soli  helped  them  to  put  the  body  in  the  wagon,  making  sure  that  they  didn’t  see  Tanya  under  the  pile  of  blankets,  then  told  them  to  go  home,  as  she  could  manage  OK  by  herself.
Relieved  of  their  unwelcome  task,  the  women  were  grateful  for  Solidad’s  help  and  only  watched  her  heading  towards  the  cemetery  for  a  moment  or  two  before  returning  to  their  breakfasts.
The  wagon  rumbled  slowly  past  the  cemetery  gates  and  Solidad  whistled  tunelessly  as  another  plan  took  shape  in  her  head.  The  body  in  the  back  was  worth  nothing,  the  same  as  a  dead  Tanya  Vine,  but  if  Tanya  Vine  was  alive?  Well,  there  was  a  place  she  knew  of  where  money  changed  hands  for  able  bodied  workers,  and  no  questions  asked.  The  body  in  the  back  would  be  unrecognisable  after  a  few  days  on  the  forest  floor,  so  if  she  cut  the  dead  girls  hair?

It  was  two  days  before  the  body  could  be  unloaded  and  tied  down,  naked  and  shorn,  in  the  clearing,  and  both  Solidad  and  Tanya  were  glad  to  be  rid  of  the  decomposing  body.  Tanya  had  lain  in  the  wagon  face  to  face  with  the  corpse,  and  her  empty  stomach  still  rebelled  against  the  sweet  scent  of  decay  she  had  been  forced  to  breathe.
One  more  day  after  that,  and  they  reached  Tanya’s  final  destination.  Tintown.
Not  many  travellers  came  this  way  because  it  was  the  most  Northern  town  of  the  country  and  ‘the  end  of  the  line’,  but  strangers  could  have  found  Tintown  by  the  smell  and  pall  of  smoke  that  hung  over  the  fettling  sheds  where  the  salvaged  metal  was  cleaned,  sorted  and  graded.  Solidad  drove  the  wagon  between  the  sheds  and  brought  the  cattle  to  an  untidy  halt  by  the  office  building,  where  three  mine  workers,  dressed  in  rags  were  sitting  in  the  dirt.  The  door  was  standing  open  and  Olivia  Deacon,  Tintown’s  prima,  and  Miriam  the  overseer  came  quickly  out,  Miriam  gesturing  irritably  to  the  miners  to  get  on  their  feet.
Solidad  frowned  as  Olivia  beckoned  the  ragged  women  forward.
“Is  this  the  one?”  asked  Olivia,  with  a  worried  look  on  her  face.
Tanya  groaned  in  pain  as  the  rope  round  her  ankles  was  untied.  The  stink  of  three  day  old  urine  and  faeces  was  joined  by  the  subtle  smell  of  corruption  as  the  dirty  cloth  was  gently  removed  from  her  left  foot.
Cherry  Shilling  pulled  a  grim  face  as  she  turned  to  Olivia  and  nodded.
“Is  it  bad?”
Cherry  looked  to  her  companions  for  confirmation.  “We  might  be  able  to  do  something.”
Solidad  was  mystified,  but  Miriam  urged  her  to  the  rear  of  the  wagon  where  she  saw  Tanya’s  feet  for  the  first  time.  “What  the  hell’s  happened  to  her?”  she  blurted  out,  eyes  wide  and  staring  at  the  bloody  mess.

It  had  happened  in  Altmore,  after  Sonia  and  Conti  had  watched  her  walk  out  of  town,  wearing  Gloria’s  wig  and  Tanya’s  dress.
“What  are  we  doing  with  her,  Sonia?”  asked  Conti.
“Giving  her  what  she  deserves.”
Tanya  had  recovered  from  the  blow  on  the  head,  and  was  laying,  bound  hand  and  foot  in  the  wagon  bed,  looking  wildly  about  her  trying  to  make  sense  of  what  was  happening.
“Murdering  bitch  is  awake  I  see,”  said  Sonia,  smiling  grimly.  “Let  me  tell  you  a  story.”  She  grabbed  Tanya’s  jaw  firmly  in  her  right  hand  to  hold  her  head  steady  and  brought  her  face  close,  to  look  into  her  eyes.  “I  had  a  mother  and  sister  once,”  she  began.  “Until  that  bloody  fiasco  at  Asher’s  farm.”
Tanya  tried  to  speak  through  the  gag,  but  could  only  make  muffled  grunts  and  groans.
“Shut  up  bitch.  No  one’s  interested.  My  beautiful  mother  died  of  blood  poisoning  after  she  got  an  arrow  in  her  chest.  Not  your  fault,  because  you’re  not  an  archer  do  I  hear  you  say?  Or  try  to  say.  Tough.”  She  spat  out  the  last  word,  and  Tanya’s  blood  ran  cold  at  the  venom  in  her  voice.  “Someone’s  got  to  pay.  But  my  sister?”  She  stopped  the  narration  as  someone  passed  the  end  of  the  alley,  then  started  again  as  the  footsteps  carried  on.
“Susanna  was  older  than  me  and  a  right  pain  in  the  arse,  but  she  was  still  my  blood.  Want  to  know  how  she  died?”  she  paused  a  moment  as  if  waiting  for  a  reply,  then  carried  on.  “Of  course  you  do,  don’t  you.  Strange,  the  way  she  went.  If  you  were  asked  to  write  down  all  the  wounds  you  could  possibly  get  in  a  battle,  you  wouldn’t  put  ‘a  knife  in  the  ear’  very  near  the  top  of  the  list  would  you?”
Tanya  started  struggling  against  her  bonds  as  Sonia’s  words  brought  the  events  of  that  fateful  day  so  vividly  back,  when  she  broke  her  bodkin  in  the  woman’s  ear  while  her  back  was  turned.
Sonia  held  her  tight  and  hissed,  “oh,  you  remember.  I’m  so  glad.  Saves  me  any  guilty  feelings  later  on.  Heard  you  were  a  bit  handy  with  knives  but  wasn’t  sure  it  was  you,  until  now.  What’s  that  you  say?  You’re  sorry?  Tut  tut,  too  late  for  that  deary,  should  have  thought  of  it  earlier.  You’re  going  to  die  Tanya  bloody  Vine,  but  that’s  not  enough  now.”
She  held  her  knife  close  to  Tanya’s  face  to  make  sure  she  saw  it.  “No  way  out  for  you  girl,  not  after  calling  me  names.  It’ll  be  your  turn  to  limp  now,  If  you  ever  get  to  walk  again,  which  is  probably  unlikely.”
Tanya  struggled  even  harder,  but  to  no  avail,  as  Conti  sat  on  her  chest  and  Sonia  held  her  legs,  then  she  gave  a  long  muffled  scream  as  Sonia  started  to  hack  at  the  little  toe  on  Tanya’s  left  foot.  When  the  toe  was  finally  severed,  Tanya  fainted  and  was  saved  from  further  agony.
“Here,”  said  Sonia  and  handed  Conti  the  knife.
“What?”
“Take  it.  She  put  an  arrow  in  your  leg,  so  get  your  revenge,  now.”
“I  can’t,”  mumbled  Conti,  and  shook  her  head  almost  invisibly  in  the  dark.
“Do  it  now  or  else,”  she  snarled,  and  Conti  reluctantly  swapped  places.
“Give,”  demanded  Sonia  as  Conti  held  the  toe  she  had  cut  off  at  arms  length.  “Six  will  look  better  than  three,”  she  said  as  she  put  both  severed  toes  in  her  pocket  with  Tanya’s  hair.
“Now,  wrap  her  foot  up  in  something.  Can’t  have  her  bleeding  all  over  the  wagon,  can  we?”

“I  didn’t  know,”  said  Solidad  lamely,  as  the  three  ex-priestesses  carried  Tanya  across  the  yard  to  the  bare  cell  that  had  been  their  home  since  the  sisterhood  of  the  temple  had  been  blamed  for  the  defeat  at  Asher’s  farm.
Olivia  looked  at  her  scornfully.  “Your  sort  never  do.”
She  turned  to  go  back  inside,  and  Solidad  called  out,  “what  about  my  money?”
“Money?  You  bring  me  a  dying  cripple  to  look  after,  and  you  want  paying  as  well?”
Solidad  nodded  and  frowned.  “Yeh,  well.  She’s  a  strong  girl,  and  she’ll  get  over  it  in  a  week  or  two.  And  there’s  my  expenses  aren’t  there?”
Olivia  looked  at  her  in  disdain.  “Come  back  in  a  year  or  so,  and  if  she’s  still  alive  and  well,  then  we  might  just  give  you  a  copper  or  two.  For  the  immense  trouble  you  have  gone  to,  of  course.”
She  turned  and  went  back  to  the  office  without  waiting  for  a  response,  and  when  she  was  safely  inside  and  out  of  earshot,  Soli  muttered  some  choice  curses.  
“Don’t  take  it  too  hard  now,”  said  Miriam.  “She’s  just  a  bit  put  out  by  something  the  raggedy  annes  said  the  other  day.  Why  don’t  you  come  back  in  a  couple  of  weeks  and  I’m  sure  you’ll  get  your  pound.”
Solidad  pouted  and  kicked  a  pebble  across  the  yard.  “Doesn’t  seem  likely  to  me.”
Miriam  smiled  at  her  show  of  petulance.  She  had  been  young  and  foolish  once,  and  had  a  liking  for  the  girl.  “Tell  you  what,  you  call  in  at  my  house,  last  one  down  that  way,  and  tell  Monica  that  I  said  you  were  to  have  one  of  my  special  bottles.  Us  Northern  girls  got  to  stick  together.  It’s  us  against  the  world  these  days.”
Soli  cheered  up  a  little  and  collected  the  promised  bottle  of  liquor,  a  fierce  plum  brandy,  and  set  out  for  home,  but  the  cattle  arrived  without  her,  as  she  was  roaring  drunk  by  the  time  the  wagon  arrived  at  Lakeside.  Marlene  Makepiece  dropped  her  basket  of  fruit  and  looked  on  with  horrified  helplessness  as  Solidad  stood  unsteadily  in  the  back  of  the  wagon,  singing  an  obscene  song,  then  toppled  majestically  sideways  into  the  fast  flowing  river,  and  was  swept  past  her  towards  the  waterfall,  still  clutching  the  bottle.
With  Solidad’s  unfortunate  demise,  Tanya’s  arrival  at  Tintown  went  unheralded  and  unnoticed  by  anyone  outside  of  the  mining  community.

Chapter  18
Corridors  of  power
Tanya  was  conscious,  but  only  half  aware  of  what  was  happening  to  her,  and  she  cried  out  in  pain  as  Cherry,  Izzy  and  Candy  laid  her  on  one  of  the  two  beds  in  their  bare  cell,  then  methodically  started  to  get  her  cleaned  up,  removing  her  soiled  clothes  and  occasionally  giving  her  sips  of  a  sweet  red  wine.
Eventually,  Tanya’s  whimpers  turned  to  giggles  and  Izzy  decided  that  the  poppy  laden  drink  was  working  well  enough  for  them  to  begin  the  real  work  of  the  afternoon,  and  they  tied  Tanya  down  to  the  bed  and  strapped  her  left  leg  tightly  to  a  wooden  board.
While  Cherry  talked  softly  to  Tanya  and  got  only  nonsensical  replies  from  her,  Izzy  worked  quickly,  only  having  to  cut  away  a  small  amount  of  flesh  that  looked  dead,  but  had  to  make  an  incision  in  the  sole  of  Tanya’s  foot  to  act  as  a  drain  for  the  yellow  matter  that  had  already  begun  to  accumulate.  Using  a  straw,  she  inserted  a  narrow  strip  of  linen  soaked  in  alcohol  deep  into  the  incision  to  prevent  it  from  healing  and  sealing,  at  which  point  Tanya  fainted  away  again.
Finally,  Cherry  liberally  coated  the  wound  with  honey  and  wrapped  a  bandage  loosely  round  the  foot,  while  Izzy  returned  to  Olivia  the  knife  she  had  been  loaned.
Four  days  later  Tanya  had  a  fever,  and  even  though  she  was  drifting  in  and  out  of  consciousness,  Miriam  sent  her  three  carers  back  underground  to  work  in  a  new  section  that  had  just  been  opened.  The  villagers,  who  worked  because  they  got  paid,  unlike  the  prisoners,  had  refused  to  go  inside  the  mine  again  because  they  were  afraid  of  meeting  Sandy  Bookworm’s  spirit.  She  had  died  in  the  mine  when  a  wall  collapsed  on  her  but  there  was  no  sign  of  her  body.  So,  no  matter  whether  they  were  willing  or  not,  the  remaining  eleven  prisoners  had  to  go  underground  permanently,  while  the  villagers  took  the  slightly  easier,  but  much  safer  option,  of  working  in  the  fettling  sheds.

Tanya  cried  out  in  her  delirium,  but  there  was  no  one  to  hear  or  help  her.  In  her  fevered  mind,  she  was  wandering,  lost  and  alone,  and  kept  looking  fearfully  over  her  shoulder  for  signs  of  pursuit.
“What  are  you  afraid  of?”
Tanya  looked  round  quickly,  but  it  was  a  stranger,  a  young  woman  wearing  chain  mail  but  carrying  no  weapon.  “Margaret’s  after  me,”  she  gasped.  “She  wants  Marco  back  again  but  he’s  mine  now.  She  gave  him  to  me,  honest.”
“You  should  not  be  here,  at  least,  not  yet.  Shall  I  show  you  the  way  out?”
“But  what  if  Margaret’s  out  there?”
“What  if  she  is  actually  in  here?  You  must  face  her  some  time.”
“She’ll  kill  me,  I  know  she  will.”
“She  loves  you,  I  know  she  does.”
Tanya  put  her  hand  on  the  woman’s  arm.  “But  I  hit  her.  She  didn’t  like  it  and  she’ll  remember  and  do  something  bad  to  me.”
Voices  in  the  distance  stopped  them  in  their  tracks  and  they  stood  there,  listening  to  the  sound  of  a  muted  argument.
“Who  is  it?”  whispered  Tanya  fearfully,  “is  it  Margaret?”
“I  know  Margaret  and  this  is  not  her,  but  two  others.  Come.  You  can  help.”
“I  can’t  do anything.  I’m  afraid.”
“But  you  have  a  sword,  a  very  sharp  sword.”
“I’ve  been  bad.  I’ve  killed  people,  lots  of  people  but  I  can’t  do  it  again.  I  can’t.”  Tanya  was  on  the  verge  of  tears  now  and  started  wringing  her  hands  in  anguish.  “Sylvia  said  I’m  not  to  do  it  again.  Sylvia  said.”
“Come,  let  us  look  at  the  poor  fools.”
They  came  to  a  cross  roads  in  the  endless  corridor  and  met  the  ‘poor  fools’.
“Caren?”  exclaimed  Tanya.  “Caren  Hummingbird?”
“I  can’t  stop  her,”  wailed  Caren,  “she  won’t  let  me  go.”
The  sound  of  many  pounding  feet  came  echoing  down  the  corridor.
“It’s  coming,”  Caren  shouted  and  started  pulling  violently  on  the  silver  cord  that  bound  her  securely  to  Denny,  but  to  no  avail  as  she  was  dragged  relentlessly  towards  the  approaching  sound.  “Help  me,”  she  screamed.
“Help  her,”  said  the  woman  in  the  mail  coat,  and  she  just  stood  there  looking  expectantly  at  Tanya.  “I  cannot  do  it.  In  here,  I  am  not  allowed.”
Although  she  was  far  from  being  the  expert  she  often   claimed  to  be,  the  sword  whispered  out  of  it’s  wooden  scabbard,  and  with  one  sweep,  the  gleaming  blade  cut  through  the  silver  rope,  which  burst  into  flames  and  was  gone.  Caren  fell  to  the  floor  sobbing  while  Denny  disappeared  round  the  corner  and  was  gone  as  well.
“Listen.”
Caren  and  Tanya  looked  towards  the  crossroads,  but  all  was  silent.
“They  have  gone,  and  you  must  go  too.  You  do  not  belong  here,  not  yet.”
“Not  yet?”  asked  Caren,  rubbing  her  sore  wrist.
The  woman  nodded.  “Everyone  must  pass  this  way  one  day,  but  your  time  has  not  yet  arrived.”  She  looked  down  at  Caren  and  then  at  Tanya  who  still  held  the  sword.  “This  sword,”  she  said  to  Tanya,  “it  should  not  be  yours.”
Tanya  nodded.  “I  know,”  she  said  quietly,  “I’m  not  good  enough  with  it.  Never  will  be,  I  guess.”  She  reluctantly  held  it  out  towards  Caren.  “Take  it,  it’s  yours.”
Caren  went  wide  eyed  as  she  reached  out  to  touch  the  silver  hilt.
“This  is  a  very  special  sword,  Caren  Hummingbird,”  said  the  woman.  “When  you  find  it,  use  it  well.  Now,  go  home.”
Caren  disappeared  and  the  sword  was  gone  as  well.  Tanya  looked  in  surprise  at  her  empty  hands.  “What?”
“Time  for  you  to  go  also,  but  I  think  you  may  need  some  help,  so,  as  I  shall  not  be  missed  for  some  while,  I  shall  show  you  the  way.  Come.”
“Thankyou,”  said  Tanya  with  obvious  relief,  then  adding,  “what’s  your  name?”
“You  can  call  me  Joan.”

“How  much  then?”  asked  Pansy  Prayerbook.  “Come  on,  if  you’re  serious  about  it,  then  show  us  your  money.”
Flossie  extracted  a  coin  from  her  purse  and  examined  it  carefully  before  putting  it  back  and  producing  another  of  less  value.  “Ten  cents,”  she  declared.  “Bread  and  beer.”
“Well  I’ll  take  your  money,”  said  Dotty.  “Ten  cents  as  well,  but  only  red  wine.”
There  were  chuckles  round  the  breakfast  table  at  Toogood  farm,  as  the  betting  got  under  way.
“I  think  you’re  all  very  cruel,”  said  Marco.  “But  I  agree  with  Pansy,  and  my  ten  is  on  her  making  a  dash  for  the  toilet  to  be  sick.”
Sali  sniffed  loudly,  and  when  a  guru  sniffed,  even  one  as  young  as  Sali,  everyone  paid  attention.  “Bread,  honey  and  warm  milk.”
“I’ve  already  bet  on  that,”  said  Polly.
Sali  sniffed  again,  and  then  continued,  “in  that  case,  chocolate.  She’ll  want  some  hot  chocolate  and  a  biscuit  as  well.”
The  others  looked  at  her  in  despair.  Unless  she  was  joking,  then  they  had  all  just  lost  their  money  to  her.  
“Well  I  thought  it  was  obvious.  What  with  the  notable  lack  of  screaming,  and  she  nearly  slept  right  through,  didn’t  she?”
The  door  opened  and  Caren  came  to  join  them  at  the  table  where  they  watched  their  chances  of  winning  slowly  disappear.
As  she  was  taking  a  second  mouthful  of  bread  and  honey,  Caren  looked  round  the  circle  of  faces.  “What?”  she  mumbled.
“Anything  else  you  would  like  sweety?”  asked  Sali  and  cocked  her  head  to  one  side.
Caren  thought  for  a  moment.  “Not  got  any  chocolate,  have  we?  And  a  biscuit  would  be  nice.”
Sali  smiled  in  triumph.  “and  let  that  be  a  lesson  to  you  all,”  she  said.  “Shouldn’t  make  silly  wagers  on  another’s  misfortunes.  It’s  wrong.”

Later,  when  the  others  had  started  their  days  chores,  Pansy  found  herself  alone  with  Sali.  “We  aren’t  paying  you,”  she  said  firmly.  “You  used  the  ‘voice’  on  her  and  that’s  cheating.  Sweety  indeed,  it’s  so  obvious,  and  you  shouldn’t  do  it.  Not  with  us,  anyway.”
Sali  shrugged.  “Win  some,  lose  some,”  she  said  gaily,  “and  she’s  not  one  of  us.”
“But  she  will  be.  Even  I  can  see  that,  and  you  don’t  do  it  to  your  own.”
The  ‘or  else’  went  unsaid,  but  Sali  heard  it,  and  filed  it  away  for  future  reference.

A  heavy  foot  dug  itself  into  Denny’s  side  again  and  she  rolled  over  to  relieve  the  pressure.
“Come  on  girly,  time  to  get  up.”
“Go  away,”  Denny  mumbled.  “I’m  asleep.”
“By  answering,  you  have  proved  indeed  that  you  are,  in  fact,  awake.  So  get  up.”
Denny  groaned  again,  but  struggled  to  a  sitting  position.  “Alright,”  she  bellowed  as  she  was  kicked  again.  “I’m  up.”  and  she  rubbed  her  weary  eyes.  “What  time  is  it?”
“Oh  Lord  above.  What  is  wrong  with  you?  It’s  TIME  to  get  up.”  There  was  a  brief  pause,  then,  “but  you  might  want  to  keep  your  eyes  closed.”
Denny’s  eyes  flew  wide  open,  then  she  shut  them  tight  again,  but  after  a  second  or  two,  she  opened  them  slightly  to  see  if  she  had  been  imagining  it.  The  dancing  figures  were  still  there,  but  writhed  as  if  they  were  smoke  in  a  gentle  breeze.  Denny  groaned,  and  lowering  her  gaze  again,  was  surprised  to  find  that  she  was  naked.
“What’s  happening,  why  do  I  feel  sick?”  she  whispered.
“Nauseous  little  buggers  aren’t  they?”
Denny  looked  up  at  last  and  gasped  in  surprise.  “A  talking  camel.”
Death  Bringer  whirled  round,  his  teeth  bared,  ready  to  fight.  “Camel?  A  bloody  camel?”  He  spun  round  again,  looking  for  the  elusive  and  despised  camel,  then  realised  what  Denny  meant  and  looked  at  her  with  disdain.  “You  dare  to  call  me  a  camel?  The  ultimate  insult.  I  am  absolutely  mortified  to  think  that  anyone  could  mistake  me  for  a  long  necked  sack  of  bones.”
“I’m  sorry?  What  are  you  then?”
“What  am  I?  What  am  I?”  and  striking  a  dramatic  pose,  he  answered,  “why,  I  am  a  horse.  A  very  noble  horse,  a  Lipizzaner  no  less,  and  I  once  carried  the  queen of  Valencia  into  battle.  Yes,  impressed  now,  aren’t  you?”
Denny  frowned.  “Why  don’t  your  lips  move  when  you  speak?”
“Because  I  am  special.  I,”  and  here,  there  was  a  dramatic  pause  to  match  the  pose,  “am  from  Barcelona.”
“The  Ruby  house,”  said  Denny,  remembering  the  wardog’s  stories. 
“You  know  about  the  Ruby  house?”
“Yes,  did  you  know  the  wardogs?”
“I  have  met  them,  yes.  Disorganised  rabble.  Little  better  than  camels.”
“What’s  your  name?”
“You  can  call  me  Death  Bringer,  for  that  is  what  I  do  best.”
Denny  reached  up  and  stroked  the  grey  blaze,  shaped  like  a  crescent  moon  on  the  white  horse’s  forehead.  “I  shall  call  you  Moonbeam.”
“Oh,  not  you  as  well.”

“The  door’s  open,”  said  Cherry  as  they  turned  the  corner  in  the  corridor  of  their  house,  which  in  reality,  was  more  like  a  cell  block,  and  as  they  peered  through  the  door,  she  groaned  in  dismay.  “Gone.  She’s  gone.”
Izzy  angrily  pulled  off  her  head  scarf  and  threw  it  onto  the  empty  bed.  “Damn,  damn,  bloody  damn.  One  of  us  should  have  been  here  with  her.  I  told  her,  I  bloody  told  miserable  Miriam,  but  would  she  listen?”
She  closed  her  eyes  and  took  a  deep  breath.  “Cherry  love,  you’re  Ollie’s  pet  just  now,  so  you  can  go  and  ask  when  she  died.”
“Who’s  died?”
Turning  round,  Candy  gave  a  little  squeal  when  she  found  herself  face  to  face  with  Tanya,  and  jumped  backwards  in  surprise.
“Who’s  died?”  Tanya  asked  again.
“Err,  I  think  we  made  a  mistake,”  said  Izzy.
Cherry  looked  down  at  Tanya’s  feet  and  said,  “tell  me,  how  do  you  feel?  Is  your  foot  alright?”
Tanya  looked  down  as  well.  “Itches  like  crazy,”  she  said  and  limped  into  the  room  carrying  a  wooden  bucket.  “Been  to  empty  the  slop  bucket.  It  was  very  nasty,  most  unhygienic.  Somebody  will  have  to  do  something  about  that,  I  think.  What  sort  of  place  is  this,  everywhere’s  filthy,  and  when  do  we  eat  round  here?  I’m  starving.”
“Food  later,”  said  Izzy,  and  guided  Tanya  towards  the  bed.  “Whenever  they  remember  to  bring  it.  Let’s  change  that  dressing  on  your  foot.”
“Oh,  it’s  been  done  already.  Joan  checked  it  for  me  before  we  tidied  up  and  went  out  for  a  walk  in  the  woods.”
The  others  looked  at  each  other  in  surprise.
“Don’t  know  any  Joan,”  said  Cherry,  shaking  her  head.
“And  nobody  just  wanders  off  for  a  walk.”  said  Candy  bitterly,  “the  furthest  we  go  is  to  the  sheds  and  back.”
Izzy  insisted  on  looking  at  Tanya’s  mistreated  foot,  and  after  her  initial  surprise,  put  the  same  bandage  loosely  back  in  place.
Where  the  two  smallest  toes  had  been,  should  still  have  been  a  raw  open  wound,  but  Izzy  found  that  the  wound  was  clean,  and  already  covered  over  with  new  pink  skin,  which  stood  out  starkly  against  the  deep  brown  of  Tanya’s  dirty  foot.
Izzy  knew  that  honey  was  good  on  wounds,  but  not   that  good,  surely?
The  delivery  of  cabbage  soup  and  black  bread  from  the  communal  kitchen  was  an  anti  climax,  to  say  the  least,  and  the  news  that  they  were  actually  prisoners  in  Tintown  came  as  a  shock,  but  Tanya  told  the  others  that  obviously  a  mistake  had  been  made  and  she  would  be  sent  home  in  the  morning.

Several  mornings  later,  Tanya  was  still  ‘in  residence’  but  thankfully,  not  working  underground,  where  the  temperature  was  now  a  lot  higher  than  expected.  At  first,  she  had  been  left  locked  in  the  cell,  but  when  she  had  been  seen  returning  from  the  nearby  woods  with  a  basket  of  wild  vegetables,  even  though  the  door  was  still  locked,  Olivia  gave  orders  for  her  to  be  left  alone.  She  was  not  entirely  sure  that  her  new  prisoner,  who  said  she  was  called  Florabel  d’Alacant,  should  be  enslaved  and  sent  down  the  mine  with  the  others.  The  priestesses  predictions  still  weighed  heavily  on  her  mind  and  she  decided  to  treat  Florabel  gently.  Just  in  case.
And  then  there  was  the  strange  woman  sometimes  seen  with  her  to  consider.  When  Miriam  and  Olivia  had  first  seen  her,  they  had  not  been  together,  and  each  assumed  that  the  other  had  assigned  someone  to  watch  over  their  new  inmate.  When  they  finally  realised  that  neither  of  them  knew  her,  it  sent  shivers  down  their  spines.  She  was  always  seen  in  the  distance,  never  nearby  and  never  recognised.  Very  worrying.
When  asked  what  her  name  was,  Tanya  had  immediately  used  the  name  that  Flossie  Craken  had  used  when  she  was  still  slightly  deranged  from  her  two  years  of  self  imposed  isolation.  Afterwards,  she  could  think  of  no  good  reason  why  she  had  done  this,  but  decided  to  remain  ‘Florabel’  for  the  time  being.
So,  day  by  day,  Tanya  grew  stronger  and  bolder,  walking  further  each  day  and  making  new  discoveries,  but  always  returning  before  sunset,  often  with  something  useful  or  edible  in  her  basket.  Miriam  had  her  watched  by  one  of  her  trusted  followers,  but  each  day  the  report  was  basically  the  same.  She  walked  in  the  woods  and  sat  on  the  bank  of  the  stream,  throwing  stones  into  the  water.  After  two  weeks  she  had  gained  permission  from  Olivia  to  start  cooking  for  the  prisoners,  and  when  Miriam’s  initial  protests  had  died  down,  even  she  occasionally  sampled  Tanya’s  home  recipes.  Perhaps  she  might  not  have  been  too  keen  if  she  had  seen  what  sometimes  went  into  the  pan,  as  Tanya  had  spent  a  few  weeks  living  in  the  wilds  with  Pansy,  Flossie  and  Marco,  when  they  thought  that  they  were  fugitives  from  Ma  Nesbitt’s  rough  justice,  and  had  learnt  that  most  things  out  there  were  edible.
Living  rough  had  taught  her  other  skills  as  well,  and  her  time  at  the  stream  had  been  spent  making  flint  knives,  which  she  kept  hidden  in  the  hollow  trunk  of  an  ancient  olive  tree  along  with  a  wooden  knife,  two  rusty  arrow  heads  and  a  crude  spear  with  a  bone  tip.  But  best  of  all,  she  had  collected  a  few  bits  of  old  rope,  and  by  teasing  out  the  threads  and  plaiting  them  together  again,  had  made  a  new  rope  about  a  metre  long  which  she  used  as  a  belt.  Her  sacking  skirt  did  not  really  need  a  belt  but  she  needed  an  excuse  for  the  rope,  which  was  actually  a  sling.  Nothing  that  moved  was  safe  from  her  and  her  deadly  sling,  although  she  missed  her  target  as  often  as  she  hit  it,  but  each  night,  one  or  two  small  animals,  or  birds,  or  even  rodents  would  end  up  on  the  prisoner’s  table.  This,  plus  the  wild  onions  and  herbs  she  collected,  made  mealtimes  very  interesting,  and  cabbage  soup  was  almost  a  thing  of  the  past.

“We  need  more salt,”  said  Candy,  reaching  for  another  piece  of  bread.
“And  water,”  added  Cherry.
Izzy  nodded.  “Lots  of  water,  we’re  just  about  melting  away  down  there.”
“Laila  was  carried  out  again  today,”  mumbled  Candy,  trying  not  to  spit  out  any  of  her  precious  bread.  “I’m  sure  they  take  it  in  turns  to  have  a  fainting  fit.”
“Idle,  all  of  them,”  muttered  Cherry,  then  spat  a  small  bone  onto  her  empty  dish.  She  ran  her  tongue  round  her  teeth  while  she  poked  at  the  bone.  “Rock  rabbit,  you  called  it.  What  exactly  does  a  ‘rock  rabbit’  look  like?”
Tanya  paused  before  answering,  as  this  was  the  tricky  bit.  “Well,  it’s  a  bit  like  a  field  rabbit  but  smaller.  You  know,  teeth,  fur,  short  legs.  That  sort  of  thing?”
The  three  priestesses  looked  at  her  expectantly.
She  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  gave  a  deep  sigh.  “All  right,  so  it’s  a  rat,”  and  folding  her  arms  she  waited  for  the  reaction.
“Oh,  that’s  alright  then,”  said  Izzy.  “Thought  you  were  trying  to  make  us  eat  a  lizard  or  something  like  that.”
“So  rats  are  OK  then?”
“Yep.  No  problem,  and  your  deep  fried  locusts  were  very  tasty,  but  no  lizards  thankyou.”
“Maisie’s  team  have  a  cage  full  of  them.  Rats  that  is.”  added  Candy.
Candy  nodded  in  agreement.  “Won’t  share  with  us  though.”
“Greedy  bastards,”  added  Cherry,  “and  idle.”
“Just  hope  queen  rat  doesn’t  get  to  hear  about  it.”
Tanya  looked  at  Izzy,  frowning  and  not  understanding.  “Queen  rat?”
Izzy  nodded  briefly.  “Maisie  herself  saw  it  again  just  before  you  came  here.”
“In  the  mine?”  whispered  Tanya.
Cherry  answered  her.  “Tail  this  long,  it  has,”  and  she  held  her  hands  an  impossible  distance  apart.
Eventually,  a  big  grin  crept  across  Tanya’s  face.  “Yeh,  right,”  she  said.  “New  girl  in  town,  am  I?  Well  I  suppose  you’ve  got  to  try  it  on  some  time,”  and  despite  their  arguments,  she  refused  to  be  drawn  on  the  subject  of  mythical  giant  rats.

Chapter  19
Close Encounters
Even  though  the  days  stretched  into  weeks,  and  nobody  arrived  at  Tintown  to  demand  her  release,  Tanya  did  not  let  her  disappointment  show,  and  she  allowed  no  tears  to  dampen  her  cheeks  or  spirit.  The  mysterious  Joan,  who  had  said  she  was  French,  stopped  visiting  her,  saying  that  now  Tanya  was  healed  in  mind  as  well  as  body,  she  should  put  her  trust  in  the  Lord  Jesus  and  pray  to  Him  as  she  had  taught  her,  and  all  would  be  well.
So  Tanya  prayed  to  the  Son  instead  of  the  Mother,  but  also  made  her  own  plans  for  deliverance,  making  a  second  cache  of  weapons  and  other  essentials  in  case  the  first  one,  in  the  olive  tree,  was  discovered.
Then,  when  the  day  of  her  intended  escape  finally  arrived,  all  her  carefully  thought  out  plans  were  thrown  into  chaos.
During  her  foraging  expeditions,  she  had  found  a  broken  bottle  and  was  now  on  her  way  to  the  North  end  of  Tintown,  where  she  was  going  to  use  it  to  start  a  fire  against  the  wall  of  an  empty  house.  After  several  experiments  in  the  woods,  she  had  found  that  when  the  sun’s  rays  were  intensified  by  the  bottle,  a  heap  of  dried  grass  and  twigs  would  be  ignited  in  a  matter  of  minutes,  by  which  time  she  could  be  back  on  the  South  side  and  ready  to  go  when  the  alarm  was  sounded.  Then  there  would  be  at  least  half  an  hour  of  madness  while  the  townies  fought  the  fire,  and  she  could  collect  her  secret  stores  and  be  across  the  stream  and  away  to  freedom  again  before  she  was  missed.
As  plans  go,  it  was  a  bit  hit  and  miss,  and  likely  to  end  in  failure,  but  the  prisoners  who  came  rushing  out  of  the  mine  entrance,  shouting  and  yelling  incoherently,  suddenly  made  ‘plan  A’  irrelevant.
Deciding  there  was  no  need  for  the  arson  attack,  she  started  to  retrace  her  steps  towards  the  South  side  and  had  nearly  reached  the  last  row  of  cottages  when  she  realised  at  last  that  someone  was  calling  to  her.
It  was  Izzy.  “Floss,”  she  had  shouted,  then,  “Flossie!”  And  finally,  yelling  at  the  top  of  her  voice,  “FLORABEL!”
Tanya  swore  to  herself  and  turned  round  again.  “What?”  she  demanded  curtly.
Izzy  came  to  her,  red  faced  and  panting.  “We  need  you,”   she  gasped.  “There’s  been  another  accident.”
“Nothing  to  do  with  me,”  Tanya  replied  quickly,  “I  don’t  do  underground  stuff.”
Izzy  looked  at  her  with  contempt.  “You  do  now  girl.  Candy’s  gone  into  a  new  section  and  a  door  has  closed  behind  her.  We  have  to  get  her  out.”
Tanya  swore  again  and  kicked  a  stone  across  the  road.  “Why  me?”
“Because  Candy  fed  you,  washed  you  and  wiped  your  arse  clean  when  we  all  thought  you  were  dying.  And  because  your  hair  is  growing  back,  and  I’ve  heard  tell  of  the  ‘curly  headed  hero’  of  Asher’s  farm.”  She  smiled  at  Tanya’s  change  of  expression.
“Curly  headed  hero?”  muttered  Tanya.
“Well,  actually  it  was  curly  headed  weirdo  in  the  version  I  heard,  but  I  recognise  you  now.”  She  chuckled  at  Tanya’s  pout.  “I  saw  you  there,  you  were  wearing  a  blindfold.”
Tanya  looked  at  the  ground,  not  committing  herself.
“Can  you  really  see  in  the  dark?”  And  she  paused  before  adding,  “Florabel?”
At  last,  Tanya  lifted  her  face  to  meet  Izzy’s  gaze.  “Were  you  one  of  the  trumpeters?”
Izzy  said  she  was,  and  Tanya  sighed  and  said,  “Tanya.  Tanya  Vine.”
“Oh  yes,  I  see.  Homestead?”
Tanya  nodded  again.  “But  I’m  not  a  witch,  and  you  were  playing  out  of  tune.”
Izzy  laughed.  “I  don’t  blame  you  for  not  using  your  real  name.  They  don’t  rate  Homesteaders  very  highly  around  here.  But  it’s  dark  in  there,  and  we  do  need  your  talents.  Oh  and  incidentally,  I  am  never  out  of  tune,  it’s  always  the  others.”
Tanya  gave  in  to  the  inevitable,  “come  on   then,  let’s  get  it  over  with,”  and  she  threw  the  piece  of  broken  bottle  away  before  they  jogged  back  to  the  mine  entrance.

The  word  ‘mine’  only  really  applied  to  the  first  fifty  or  so  metres  of  rough  hewn  tunnel  that  they  ran  down,  before  actually  entering  the  underground  warehouse  complex,  and  then  they  were  in  concrete  and  brick-lined  corridors  leading  to  large  storage  chambers,  the  first  few  of  which  were  empty,  or  filled  with  rubble.  Izzy  led  the  way  through  the  twists  and  turns  of  the  route  back  to  where  she  had  last  seen  Candy,  and  the  only  illumination  was  from  burning  rush  lights  in  brackets  at  each  corner.
Tanya  was  sweating  profusely  already.
“Why  is  it  so  hot?”  she  asked.  “It  can’t  be  the  torches,  can  it?”
Izzy  shook  her  head  in  the  gloom,  “not  the  lights.  It  wasn’t  like  this  before  you  came,  then  suddenly,  heat  wave.”
They  stopped  at  a  junction  and  she  gave  a  low  whistle,  four  rising  notes,  and  after  a  second  or  two,   an  answering  whistle  came  back  from  the  right,  three  falling  notes.
“This  way,  Cherry’s  waiting  for  us.”
They  joined  Cherry  and  looked  in  awe  at  the  massive  steel  door  that  had  closed  so  solidly,  with  Candy  on  the  other  side.
“We  were  all  in  there,”  explained  Cherry,  indicating  the  room  opposite.  “Suddenly,  it  got  very  bright,  and  the  rat  came  in,  looked  at  us,  turned  tail  and  ran  out  again.”
“Screaming  women  running  everywhere,”  added  Izzy,  “and  Candy  ran  after  it  instead  of  out,  like  the  others.”
“I’ve  found  the  handle,  but  can’t  shift  it,”  and  Cherry  pointed  to  the  left  of  the  door  with  her  iron  bar.
Tanya  grabbed  the  handle  with  her  left  hand,  and  reached  out  with  her  right  towards  the  other  side  of  the  door.
“Can’t  reach  it,”  she  gasped.
Cherry  had  not  noticed  the  second  handle  set  into  the  opposite  door  frame,  and  Izzy  was  the  first  to  react.
“Now  what?”  she  asked.
Although  both  handles  had  come  out  of  their  recesses  when  pulled  at  the  same  time,  the  door  still  remained  closed.
“Cherry?”  said  Tanya,  “can  you  move  the  door  now?”
She  could.  She  did.  The  door  slid  to  the  right  on  an  invisible  suspension  system  and  they  were  briefly  dazzled  by  the  bright  lights  beyond.  
The  floor,  walls  and  ceiling  were  different  to  anything  they  had  ever  seen  before.  Not  rock  or  concrete  like  the  rest  of  the  complex,  but  very  smooth  and  a  pale  green  colour.
The  corridor  curved  away  to  left  and  right,  and  was  illuminated  by  small  globes  which  seemed  to  float  near  the  ceiling.
It  was  beyond  the  priestess’s  comprehension,  but  Tanya  had  seen  something  similar  to  the  light  globes  in  Caren’s  time  machine.  They  did  not  get  time  to  speculate  however,  as  the  giant  rat  made  another  appearance,  from  their  right,  so  they  ran  to  the  left,  glancing  fearfully  over  their  shoulders  as  they  went.
To  their  immense  relief,  the  beast  made  no  effort  to  catch  up  with  them,  and  seemed   to  take  a  great  interest  in  the  open  door,  running  up  and  down  in  front  of  it.
Relief  was  short  lived  however,  for  as  they  ran  along  the  curving  corridor,  they  saw  Candy,  pinned  down  to  the  floor  by  another  enormous  rat,  which  appeared  to  be  gnawing  at  her  back.
It  looked  up  from  it’s  grisly  meal  and  snarled  at  them,  showing  yellow  fangs  dripping  with  blood.  As  they  skidded  to  a  halt,  the  rat  behind  them  decided  to  join  in  the  fun,  creeping  slowly  towards  them,  having  lost  interest  in  the  open  doorway.
Tanya  hurriedly  took  the  sling  from  round  her  waist  and  fumbled  in  her  pockets  for  a  stone  bullet.
“Keep  that  one  off  me,”  she  shouted,  indicating  the  one  behind  them,  as  she  fitted  the  stone.
Cherry  stepped  forward  and  threw  her  iron  bar  which  missed,  but  stopped  the  rat,  although  not  in  the  manner  she  expected.
Behind  her,  Tanya  only  whirled  the  sling  once,  and  as  the  stone  flew  through  the  air,  she  was  already  fitting  a  second  into  the  sling’s  pouch.  The  first  one  missed,  but  the  second  hit  the  target.  The  rat  leapt  high  into  the  air,  twisting  as  it  came  down  again,  and  ran  away  very  quickly,  squealing  as  it  went.  
Izzy  dashed  forward  to  Candy’s  side,  but  stared  down  at  her  companion,  not  understanding  what  she  was  seeing.  Tanya  and  Cherry  were  soon   beside  her,  but  frowning  at  what  they  had  already  seen.
“There’s  something  very  odd  happening  here,” said  Tanya.
“That  rat,”  said  Cherry,  “has  eaten  my  wrecking  bar.  Eaten  it!”
“Look,”  said  Izzy,  and  they  looked  in  amazement  at  Candy,  who  was  beginning  to  recover  consciousness.  There  were  no  bite  marks  on  her  anywhere,  even  though  they  had  seen  her  being  eaten  alive.
“What   the  hells  is  going  on,”  demanded  Izzy.
“Hello,  girls,”  said  Candy,  rubbing  her  forehead.  “I  think  I  tripped  and  knocked  myself  out.”
Cherry  urged  them  to  move.  “Come  on,  let’s  get  out  of  here  before  they  decide  to  come  back.  I  don’t  want  to  argue  with  anything  that  can  eat  a  wrecking  bar.”
They  retraced  their  steps  back  to  the  surface  and  sank  to  the  ground  in  the  shade,  thankful  to  be  out  and  uninjured.  Izzy  waved  the  other  prisoners  away,  saying  that  she  would  tell  them  about  it  later.
“That  rat,”  said  Tanya  slowly,  “the  one  on  Candy’s  back…”
“Don’t  remind  me,”  said  Candy,  suppressing  a  shudder.  
Tanya  smiled.  “The  one  that  wasn’t  actually  eating  her.”
The  others  waited  expectantly  while  she  gathered  her  thoughts.
She  nodded  as  the  ideas  formed  in  her  mind  at  last.  “It  didn’t  really  run  away.”
Izzy  laughed.  “Could  have  fooled  me,  disappeared  bloody  smartish  when  you  put  a  stone  in  it’s  eye.  Or  wherever.”
Tanya  shook  her  head.  “No,  no,  not  what  I  mean.  What  I  mean  is,  it  didn’t  run,  it  sort  of,  I  don’t  know,  it  went  head  over  heels  sort  of  thing.  Like  cartwheels.”
“So,  I  saw  it  running  for  it’s  life,  but  you  saw  it  doing  cartwheels?”
Tanya  nodded  slowly.  “Made  me  feel  sick  to  watch  it.  It  seemed  to  have  too  many  legs.  It  didn’t  move  right  at  all.”
“So  what  we  have  then,  is  this,”  said  Izzy  as  she  lifted  a  finger.  “One,  a  bloodthirsty  rat  that  decided  not  to  eat  our  Candy.”  Another  finger  raised.  “Two,  a  rat  that  does  cartwheels.”  A  third  finger.  “Three,  another  rat  that  eats  metal  bars.”
“Four,”  said  Tanya.  “A  rat  that  smells  a  bit  fishy.”
They  looked  at  her  with  raised  eyebrows.
“Mum  always  says  that  if  it  looks  like  a  chicken,  and  smells  like  a  chicken,  then  it  probably  is  a  chicken.  But  what  we  have  here,  is  something  that  only  looks  like  a  rat.  It  smells  wrong.”
What  Frankie  Vine,  Tanya’s  long  suffering  mother,  actually  said  was,  that  if  it  looks  like  chicken  but  smells  like  fish,  than  you  had  better  go  to  bed  with  a  bucket,  because  you’re  going  to  be  ill  fairly  soon  after  dinner.  But  Tanya  thought  that  it  was  near  enough  to  demonstrate  the  point  she  was  trying  to  make.
“Therefore,”  added  Cherry,  “it’s  something  else?”
“Her  back  was  dry,”  stated  Izzy  suddenly.
“What?”
“Her  back  was  dry,”  she  repeated.  “It’s  hot  down  there,  and  the  sweat  was  dripping  off  my  nose  and  down  my  back  as  well.”  She  nodded  wisely  to  herself.  “It  was  licking  the  sweat  off  her  back.”
“Dirty  little  bugger,”  said  Cherry  in  disgust,  while  Candy  shuddered  again.
Tanya  licked  her  lips,  and  her  eyes  lit  up.  “Salt.  Water  or  salt?”
Suddenly,  she  jumped  to  her  feet.  “We’re  going  back  in.”
Understandably,  the  others  were  surprised.
“What?”
“Never!”
“You’re  crazy.”
“No,  listen,”  said  Tanya.
“No,  you  listen,”  replied  Cherry.  “We  can’t  go  in  there  while  it’s  still  alive.  It’s  up  to  Miriam  now,  let  her  earn  her  keep  for  a  change.”
Tanya  was  adamant.  They  were  going  rat  hunting.  “Close  your  eyes  for  me  and  I’ll  show  you  something”
“What’s  this?”  demanded  Izzy.  “Homestead  witchy  stuff?”
Tanya  scowled  at  her.  “No,”  she  snapped.  “Just  a  game  we  play  as  kids.  Get  comfortable,  close  your  eyes  and  empty  your  mind.  Think  of  the  wind,  nothing  but  the  wind  in  the  trees.”
After  a  moment,  they  did  as  she  asked,  and  she  started  talking  quietly.
“It’s  morning.  The  sun  is  in  front  of  you,  but  it’s  cloudy  so  it’s  not  too  hot.  You  are  in  the  campo,  near  an  old  farmhouse.  There  are  lots  of  people  talking,  but  you  can’t  hear  what  they  are  saying,  they’re  a  long  way  off  and  the  wind  blows  their  words  away.”
She  paused,  and  they  just  sat  there,  eyes  still  closed.
“You  listen  very  carefully,  but  you  still  can’t  make  out  the  words.  Now,  over  there,  behind  you.  You  can  hear  cattle  and  there’s  grass  under  your  feet.”
She  paused  again  to  let  the  scene  imbed  itself  in  their  thoughts.
“Someone  is  beating  a  drum,  a  very  big  drum  and  there’s  lots  of  cheering  and  whistling.  Someone  laughs,  loud  and  long,  people  are  getting  louder,  they’re  shouting  now,  getting  angry  and  they  start  fighting.  You  can  hear  the  clash  of  sword  on  shield.  There  are  dogs  howling,  war  dogs  and  you’ve  got  to  do  something.”
Izzy  was  trembling,  but  kept  her  eyes  closed  even  though  she  already  knew  what  was  coming.  ‘Not  a  witch,’  she  thought,  ‘but  damn  close  to  one.’
Tanya  raised  her  voice  a  little.  “You  can  help,  you  must  help.  What  can  you  do?”  She  spoke  louder  now,  “you  have  a  trumpet.  Lift  it,  blow  it,  make  a  noise.  NOW.”
Izzy  resisted  the  urge  to  lift  the  imaginary  trumpet  to  her  lips,  but  the  other  two  relived  the  moment  at  Asher’s  farm  when  their  trumpets  had  raised  the  scarlet  monster,  and  their  hands  moved  in  front  of  their  faces  in  a  strange  dance.
“What  can  you  smell,”  hissed  Tanya,  “tell  me,  what  is  it?”  Their  eyes  flew  open,  expecting  to  see  the  awful  tentacled  beast  that  they  had  taken  to  Asher’s  farm.
Cherry  just  sat  there,  mouth  wide  open,  panting  heavily,  staring  wide  eyed  into  the  distance,  but  Candy  jumped  up,  ran  a  few  steps  and  was  violently  sick.
“Fish.”  stated  Izzy.  “But  not  quite  like  fish.  Never  wanted  to  see  one  of  those  again.”
“Oh  my  god.  That  bastard  was  on  my  back,”  sobbed  Candy.  “It  drinks  blood,  and  it  was  on  my  back.”
Cherry  turned  to  Izzy.  “We’ll  have  to  kill  it.”
“But  how?”  she  replied.  “The  one  we  had  in  Central  was  thousands  of  years  old.”
Tanya  shook  her  head.  “No.  We’re  not  going  to  kill  it.  The  one  that  died  at  Asher’s  farm  was  wearing  armour,  so  I  think  that  they  are  more  than  animals.”
“What  then?”
"We're  going  to  give  it  a  good  talking  to."

Chapter  20
Meeting  of  minds
Ar-Shi  Greyling  Eight  Legs  had  recovered  his  composure  and  stopped  trembling,  except  for  his  lesser  fingers,  which  still  clasped  convulsively  when  his  thoughts  wandered  back  to  the  intruders  in  the  outer  passage.
‘How  dare  they  invade  my  domain,’  he  thought.  For  almost  three  cycles  he  had  done  his  best  to  avoid  contact  with  them,  and  had  even  cleaned  away  the  dead  one  they  had  left  behind  a  short  while  ago.  Then  this.  No  gratitude  for  a  job  well  done,  but  a  missile  which  had  broken  the  portable  projector  he  had  built  from  parts  taken  from  the  faulty  power  suit  in  the  armoury.  The  resulting  short  circuit  could  have  killed  him  and  he  was  not  in  a  good  mood.
Perhaps  tasting  the  fallen  one  in  the  outer  passage  had  been  a  mistake,  but  the  scent  coming  from  it’s  body  had  been  overpowering  and  he  had  not  been  able  to  resist  checking  that  it  really  was  salt.
Salt.  The  bringer  of  life  for  the  females  and  heady  stuff  for  lowly  males  such  as  himself,  and  it  just  leaked  out  of  their  skin?  These  creatures  were  seriously  weird.
Well,  weird  or  not,  if  they  came  back,  he  would  have  stern  words  with  them.  Nobody  was  allowed  to  take  physical  liberties  with  anyone  on  a  work  shift,  not  even  the  Great  Snake  Head  Herself  stooped  that  low.  Punishment  always  came  after  work,  and  that  could  never  happen  now,  because  as  he  was  the  last  crew  member  left,  he  was  always  on  duty.

Millie  and  Stella  watched  the  three  ex-priestesses  and  Tanya  from  the  relative  safety  of  the  huge  sliding  door.
“Daft  as  a  bag  of  parrots,”  muttered  Millie,  who  did  not  think  much  of  their  chances  of  coming  out  alive.  “Going  to  fight  a  monster  rat  with  two  buckets  of  water  and  a  bag  of  salt.  Whatever  next?  Rotten  tomatoes  and  cabbages,  I  shouldn’t  wonder.”

The  green  corridor  was  not  endless,  but  just  seemed  that  way,  until  at  last  they  emerged  from  the  passage  into  an  enormous  cavern.
The  lighting  was  dimmer,  possibly  because  of  the  size  of  the  place,  or  the  lack  of  lighting  globes,  but  they  could  still  see  well  enough.  Along  the  wall  to  their  right,  were  stacks  of  boxes  of  a  dull  grey  colour,  and  various  four-wheeled  carts,  some  loaded  and  some  standing  empty.  In  the  centre,  was  the  long,  but  bulky  shape  of  a  huge  machine  of  some  sort,  standing  on  eight  massive  legs.  It  was  black  with  dark  green  patches,  and  along  the  side,  underneath  and  over  the  top  for  as  far  as  they  could  see,  were  lumps,  bumps  and  knobbly  things,  which  were  beyond  their  understanding.
Although  they  could  not  recognize  the  huge  machine  as  a  space  cruiser,   they  had  had  a  previous  encounter  with  the  small  shape  underneath  the  large  one.  The  rat  crouched  there,  watching  them.
Cherry  was  in  front  and  stopped  abruptly  when  she  spotted  it.  “Oh  no,”  she  said  quietly.  “I  think  I’ve  changed  my  mind.”
The  buckets  were  placed  a  short  distance  apart  and  Tanya  stirred  half  the  salt  into  one,  and  then  put  the  bag  on  the  ground  between  the  buckets,  before  all  four  of  them  backed  up  a  couple  of  steps  towards  the  passage.

The  proximity  alarm  system  warbled  and  Ar-Shi  felt  his  anger  rising  when  he  saw  that  four  of  the  manx  creatures  were  inside  the  main  hanger.
“They  have  no  right,”  he  said  to  himself,  then  whirled  away  from  the  control  panel  and  headed  for  the  lower  exit  ramp  in  a  blur  of  spinning  tentacles.
The  worst  fears  of  the  ex-priestesses  were  realised  when  they  saw  the  horribly  familiar  shape  come  down  the  ramp  towards  them.
“What  are  you  doing  here?”  he  demanded.  “Remain  still  when  I  speak,  I  am  in  charge  here  and…”  there  was  a  brief  pause.  “What  have  you  done?”  he  exclaimed  as  he  saw  the  wet  floor  beneath  the  leaky  buckets.  “Spotless.  It   was  spotless  before  you  came.  Look  what  you  have  done  to  my  beautiful  floor.”
“Oh,  this  was  not  a  good  idea,”  muttered  Cherry  as  she  glanced  over  her  shoulder  to  check  how  far  away  the  tunnel  was.  Then  as  the  creature  started  hissing  and  growling  as  it  approached  them,  her  courage  deserted  her  and  she  turned  to  run  for  safety.
“Going  for  more  rubbish  are  you?”  howled  Ar-Shi  and  he  changed  direction  to  intercept  the  intruder.  “This  is  the  cleanest  outfit  in  the  fleet  and  it  is  going  to  stay  that  way.”
Isabella  was  just  too  late  to  stop  Cherry’s  mad  dash  for  safety  but  as  the  growling  monster  whirled  past  her  she  grabbed  a  bucket  and  threw  it  with  all  her  strength.  As  the  salt  water  spread  over  it’s  body,  the  eight  legged  beast  came  to  a  halt  and  slowly  crumpled  into  an  untidy  heap.
“You’ve  killed  it,”  said  Tanya.  “We  were  supposed  to  talk  to  it.”
“Can’t  talk  to  them,  already  told  you  that,”  replied  Isabella  tartly,  then  looked  up  in  surprise.  “Listen,  it’s  not  dead.”
Ar-Shi  was  in  heaven.  As  the  highly  narcotic  salt  water  seeped  into  his  body  through  his  skin,  he  became  immediately  intoxicated  and  started  singing.  It  was  not  particularly  in  tune,  but  was  recognisable  to  drunks  the  universe  over  as  that  particular  species’  version  of  ‘I  did  It  My  Way’.

The  rat  below  the  huge  spacecraft  then  surprised  them  by  turning  into  a  four  wheeled  flat  trolley  which  came  to  rest  by  the  inert  body  of  it’s  former  operator.  Overcoming  their  qualms,  they  lifted  the  octopus-like  creature  onto  the  bed  of  the  trolley,  which  then  turned  round  and  went  up  the  ramp  into  the  belly  of  the  strange  craft.
Tanya  watched  with  mixed  emotions  as  the  weird  creature  was  carried  out  of  sight.  “That  didn’t  go  exactly  as  I  hoped,”  she  said.
“Could  have  been  worse,”  answered  Cherry.
“Listen,”  said  Candy,  cocking  her  head  to  one  side.

The  court  marshall  of  Ar-Shi  Greyling  Eight  Legs  (sole  surviving  crew  member)  was  over  before  the  trolley  with  his  inert  body  on  it  reached  the  top  of  the  ramp.  Accused  of  being  intoxicated  while  on  an  extended  tour  of  duty,  his  electronic  council  had  won  him  a  commendation  for  bravery  in  defending  the  mother  ship  against  four  of  the  renegade  manx.  So  instead  of  delivering  him  to  the  recycling  plant  for  disposal,  the  trolley  halted  by  an  aid  station  where  the  auto  medic  made  him  instantly  sober.  The  sentient  cruiser  then  put  into  action  ‘plan  b’.

“I  can’t  hear  anything,”  said  Tanya.
“What  does  ‘salva  nos’  mean,”  asked  Candy  with  a  frown.
Isabella  was  nearest  to  the  huge  machine  and  as  her  foot  touched  the  ramp,  the  whispering  voices  in  her  head  grew  louder.  Candy  and  Cherry  turned  their  heads  in  unison  to  stare  upwards  for  a  moment,  then  they  too  started  to  climb  the  slope  into  the  machine,  making  no  sign  of  hearing  Tanya  calling  to  them.
“What  are  you  doing,”  she  shouted.  “Izzy,  come  down.”  Then  louder  still.  “IZZY,  COME  BACK”
Isabella,  Candy  and  Cherry  were  no  longer  in  control  of  their  bodies,  as  the  super  brain  of  the  sentient  alien  space  craft  took  control  and  drew  them  ever  upwards.

Ar-Shi  guided  the  docile  manx  creatures  one  at  a  time  into  the  scanner  bay  where  they  were  examined  at  molecular  level  and  had  their  brain  wave  patterns  assessed  for  future  usefulness.
“Guider,  why  only  three  of  them,”  asked  Ar-Shi.
The  answer  came  from  the  nearest  work  station.  “These  three  are  type  6C  with  a  variant  towards  the  Red  shift.  One  suspects  that  the  other  is  different,”  replied  the  ship’s  sentience  interface.  “Somehow  resistant  to  the  pulses.”
“Beyond  my  understanding  or  responsibility.”
“Quite  so,”  continued  the  ship.  “But  you  may  have  to  do  further  training.”
Ar-Shi  winced.  He  was  going  to  SEA  again.  Subliminal  Education  and  Advancement  always  gave  him  a  raging  headache.  He  had  been  absorbed  into  the  programme  four  times  already,  from  basic  engineering  to  weapons  deployment,  and  could  now  (theoretically)  command  the  ship.  Unfortunately,  there  was  nowhere  to  go,  especially  since  that  damned  Horner  Chameleon  had  made  it’s  presence  known  a  short  while  ago.  And  anyway,  he  was  happiest  when  keeping  the  hanger  clean  and  tidy.
The  three  creatures  were  showing  signs  of  recovery  now  so  he  raced  to  the  entry  ramp  where  the  fourth  one  still  waited,  sitting  on  the  hanger  floor.
“Not  long  now,”  he  called  down  to  her.  “They  will  be  with  you  soon.”
Tanya  rolled  away  and  jumped  to  her  feet  ready  to  run,  but  the  growling  beast  had  gone  as  quickly  as  it  had  appeared.
Isabella  opened  her  eyes  slowly  and  froze  in  terror  at  the  sight  of  her  nemesis.
“Zorree.”
Isabella  just  stared,  as  did  the  others  as  they  too  came  awake.
“Thiz  one  zorree,”  repeated  Ar-Shi,  slowly  and  with  great  difficulty.  “No  do  taste  more.”

Tanya  was  on  the  verge  of  leaving  for  help  when  Candy  came  down  to  her.
“Come  and  join  us,”  she  urged.  “The  beast  isn’t  dead  and  it  has  shown  us  some  really  interesting  things.”
Tanya  was  naturally  sceptical,  “what  about  all  that  ‘kill  the  blood  sucking  monster’  stuff  you  were  all  talking  about  earlier?”
Candy  was  adamant.  “This  one  is  different,”  she  continued.  “It  can  talk,  not  very  well,  but  it’s  got  an  invisible  friend  who  knows  Spanglish.”
Tanya  was  still  wary  but  her  curiosity  eventually  got  the  better  of  her  with  Candy’s  final  piece  of  news.
“It  showed  us  some  moving  pictures  of  something  that  happened  about  a  year  ago.  A  dead  machine  and  a  screaming  woman  just  appeared  inside,  out  of  nowhere,  and  Archie  had  to  put  her  to  sleep.  Now  he  wants  our  help  to  bring  her  back  again.”
They  climbed  the  ramp  together  and  Isabella  persuaded  Tanya  to  sit  in  the  reclining  scanner  chair  while  the  video  they  had  seen  was  replayed  to  her.
Tanya’s  eyes  widened  as  she  recognized  the  ‘screaming  woman’  but  did  not  have  time  to  think  logically  about  it  as  ‘Guider’  started  giving  Ar-Shi  instructions,  in  the  Deccan  language.
“Transport  area  now.  All  of  them.”
Ar-Shi  obeyed  instantly  at  the  tone  of  command  but  still  asked,  “why?”
“As  suspected,  this  one  is  different,”  Guider  replied.  “This  one  has  received  Horner  training.”
“Spies?”  whispered  Ar-Shi  as  he  headed  towards  transport.
Ar-Shi  and  Guider  eventually  managed  to  get  the  four  confused  women  standing  on  the  platform  and  without  any  hesitation,  the  sender  plate  was  activated.
“Where  have  you  sent  them?”
“Nine  sections  sunward,”  replied  Guider.  “There  is  a  group  of  their  kind  in  the  target  area.”
“Shame  that  they  had  to  go  so  soon.  I  was  looking  forward  to  talking  to  them.”

Jean  Collier’s  main  trade   rival,  Maria  Carmen  Torres,  was  suffering  with  a  summer  cold  and  climbing  the  short  rise  towards  Altmoor  was  making  her  gasp  for  breath.  She  urged  the  pair  of  oxen  on,  silently  cursing  her  four  travelling  companions  for  not  offering  to  help.  At  the  sudden  appearance  of  four  wildly  gyrating  women  in  front  of  them,  the  pair  of  weary  oxen  suddenly  found  a  new  burst  of  energy  and  swung  violently  to  the  left.  Maria’s  short  scream  of  fright  made  her  companions  turn  round,  and  they  were  shocked  to  see  her  knocked  from  her  feet  to  fall  under  the  wagon  wheel,  while  four  strangers  apparently  danced  on  the  trail  in  glee.
Since  leaving  Ibis  in  disgrace,  Madelaine  Toogood  had  moved  to  Central,  finding  casual  employment  on  the  farmsteads  and  in  Paulines  Pleasure  Parlour.  She  was  relatively  happy  now,  but  the  way  she  had  been  persuaded  to  sell  Toogood  farm  made  her  occasionally  seethe  with  anger.
When  she  turned  round  to  see  what  the  fuss  was  about,  she  was  just  in  time  to  see  Maria  die  under  the  iron  bound  cart  wheel.  she  raised  a  hand  to  shade  her  eyes  against  the  sun’s  glare.  
“I  know  that  one,”  she  shouted.  “She’s  a  bloody  witch,  from  Homestead.”
Tanya  and  her  companions  fell  to  their  knees  and  started  vomiting,  and  Maddy  was  first  to  react.
“Get  the  bastards,  now,”  she  roared  and  running  swiftly  back  to  the  wagon,  kicked  Tanya  as  hard  as  she  could.  She  released  a  year’s  worth  of  pent  up  aggression  in  the  assault  on  the  ‘witches’  and  the  four  wretched  women  were  soon  bound  securely  and  thrown,  non  too  gently,  into  the  back  of  the  wagon.

Chapter  21
Trial  and  terror
It  took  Consuela  less  than  ten  minutes  to  drag  the  whole  sorry  story  out  of  Conti,  with  Laila  Delgado  only  having  to  resort  to  using  the  small  cane  on  her  naked  back  just  once  to  make  her  talkative.
Sonia  was  kept  waiting  outside  the  leader’s  residence  for  an  hour,  while  Consuela  and  Sybil  considered  the  implications  of  what  they  had  heard.
“Can  we  afford  a  confrontation  with  Ibis?”  asked  Sybil.
“With  Ibis,  yes,”  replied  Consuela.  “Chicken  hearts,  all  of  them,  they  would  rather  run  uphill  all  day  than  face  us  for  five  minutes.  But  Homestead  and  that  Hummingbird  girl  as  well?  I  don’t  want  that.  Not  yet  anyway.”
“So  we  may  have  to  buy  them  off.”
The  thought  of  paying  anyone  was  anathema  to  Lakeside’s  leader,  and  she  scowled  at  the  thought.  Parting  with  actual  money  was  totally  against  her  principles.
“Paying  no  one  if  I  can  help  it.”  She  turned  to  Laila,  “bring  Sonia  in.”
She  had  been  told  nothing,  but  had  overheard  the  whispers  between  people  passing  through  the  building,  and  had  heard  Conti’s  occasional  squeals  of  pain  or  terror,  so  was  apprehensive  about  being  summoned  to  appear  before  Consuela.
“What  would  you  like  to  tell  me  about  Altmore,”  demanded  Consuela.
Sonia  swallowed  nervously  and  her  eyes  flickered  between  her  leader  and  Sybil,  who  was  smiling  in  a  very  disconcerting  way.
“I  don’t  understand,”  she  hesitantly  replied.
“Then  here’s  an  easier  question.”  Consuela  leant  forward  in  her  chair.  “Tell  me  why  Homestead  and  Ibis  should  be  coming  here  with  a  fucking  army!”  As  she  spoke  the  final  word,  she  rose  from  the  chair  and  slapped  Sonia’s  face  as  hard  as  she  could,  sending  her  staggering  back.  Sonia  was  shocked.  Consuela  never  swore  or  lost  her  temper,  at  least  not  with  her  own  kin,  and  she  stood  there  open  mouthed,  her  brain  trying  to  catch  up  with  events  and  her  eyes  filling  with  tears.
Consuela  looked  to  Laila  for  confirmation,  “does  she  have  it  with  her?”
Laila  nodded  briefly.
“Conti  tells  me  that  you  have  some  new  jewellery.  Show  me.”  she  said,  holding  out  one  hand,  palm  upwards.
She  knew  then  that  her  secret  was  out,  but  just  stood  there  holding  her  cheek,  a  terrified  expression  on  her  face,  so  Laila  tore  open  her  shirt  and  removed  the  necklace.  She  knew  what  it  was  made  of  and  suppressed  a  shudder  as  she  handed  it  to  Consuela.
“Tell  me  how  you  got  this,  keepsake.”
Sonia  fell  to  her  knees  and  cried  out  in  anguish.  “I’m  sorry,  I’m  sorry,”  she  wailed  over  and  over.
Consuela  held  up  the  necklace  and  examined  it  with  a  disgusted  expression.  “You  murder  a  town  prima  and  make  an  ornament  of  her  hair  and  toes,  and  all  you  can  say  is  sorry?”
Her  voice  had  been  getting  steadily  louder  and  everyone  within  earshot  stood  in  silence,  awestruck  by  the  situation.
“Because  of  you,”  she  screamed,  “we  seem  to  be  at  war  with  Homestead  again.”
In  the  adjoining  room,  Walter  had  been  listening  with  growing  unease,  and  although  they  were  speaking  mostly  in  Spanish,  he  knew  enough  to  understand  what  was  happening.  At  Consuela’s  words  he  gave  a  deep  sigh  of  regret  and  decided  it  was  time  to  leave.
“Because  of  you  and  your  petty  hatred,  we  have  the  prospect  of  meeting  those  bloody  wardogs  again.”  She  stopped  her  verbal  assault  and  took  some  deep  breaths  to  regain  her  composure  before continuing.  “When  they  come,”  she  said  quietly.  “You  will  have  the  honour  of  being  in  the  front  line  to  greet  them.”
Sonia  remembered  the  awesome  sight  of  the  seven  dog  soldiers  that  had  routed  her  section  at  Asher’s  farm,  and  started  sobbing  again.
“If  you’re  lucky,  and  find  me  in  a  good  mood,  then  you  shall  at  least  have  a  spear  and  shield,  but  if  not,  then  you  go  naked,  as  dog  bait  to  get  them  in  front  of  the  cannon.  Put  her  in  chains  and  keep  her  safe.  I  shall  talk  to  her  again.”

It  was  some  time  later  that  Sybil  got  the  chance  to  talk  to  Consuela  privately.
“At  the  moment,  we  must  not  have  a  confrontation  of  this  scale,”  she  stated  simply,  and  Consuela  nodded  her  agreement.
“I  know.  Nobody  will  back  us  over  this.”  She  glanced  again  at  the  necklace  of  finely  plaited  hair  with  six  small  polished  and  intricately  carved  bones  threaded  on  it,  lying  on  the  table.  “Has  the  fire  died  down  yet?”
“Almost,”  Sybil  replied.
Consuela  resigned  herself  to  the  only  possible  course  of  action.  “Find  a  large  pot  and  get,”  here  she  paused  a  moment,  “Rosaline  isn’t  it?  In  the  South  lodge?”
Sybil  nodded.
“Go  to  her  yourself  and  make  sure  that  she  collects  every  bone  that  is  left  and  puts  them  in  the  pot.  We  will  send  it  to  Ibis  with  that,”  and  she  waved  to  indicate  the  necklace,  “along  with  our  humble  apologies  and  negotiate  a  blood  price.  Lady  knows  how  much  that  will  cost.”
Sybil  picked  up  the  grisly  trophy  and  went  to  find  a  large  enough  jar.
“ANA,”  yelled  Consuela,  and  Ana  came  scurrying  into  the  room.
“Go  and  find  Walter.  Tell  him  I  need  him  here  with  his  helmet.  I  have  to  talk  to  Gloria  at  Altmore,  pronto.”
Ana  ran  the  kilometre  to  Walter’s  house  by  the  lake  shore  and  seeing  the  door  open  went  straight  inside,  then  stood  there  for  a  minute  deep  in  thought  as  she  surveyed  the  empty  cupboards  where  Walter’s  personal  gear  should  have  been.
“Bastard.”  She  spat  out  the  one  word  then  left  the  house  and  started  running  back  again.

At  the  isolated  building  now  called  ‘the  arsenal’,  Walter  dropped  the  lock  and  chain  he  had  forced  from  it’s  staples  and  gently  opened  the  door.  Working  in  the  dark,  and  counting  steps  from  memory,  he  sidled  round  the  bulk  of  the  great  cannon  and  felt  his  way  into  the  inner  room.  The  smell  warned  anyone  to  be  careful,  as  this  was  where  the  nine  barrels  of  black  powder  they  had  produced  so  far  was  stored.  He  smiled  grimly  as  he  remembered  the  advice  he  had  given,  and  Consuela  had  ignored.  ‘Don’t  keep  it  all  in  one  place,’  he  had  told  her.  Now,  as  he  selected  and  broke  open  a  small  wooden  barrel,  he  was  glad  she  had  overruled  him.  He  laid  a  thick  trail  of  powder  from  the  barrels  back  to  the  door  and  retreated  to  the  outer  room.  ‘Now  for  the  tricky  bit’,  he  thought  and  squatting  down,  took  out  his  olive-wood  tinderbox,  ironically  enough,  a  present  from  Consuela,  and  eventually  managed  to  set  light  to  a  bunch  of  dried  grass  he  had  brought  in  with  him.  He  laid  the  grass  on  the  powder  trail  and  became  alarmed  at  how  fast  it  started  burning.
“Shit,”  he  muttered,  and  hurrying  round  the  cannon,  ran  away  from  the  building  as  fast  as  he  could.
“Where  are  you  going,”  someone  yelled  behind  him.
“Come  on,”  he  yelled  back.  “Run  with  me.”
Nobody  in  Lakeside  could  refuse  an  invitation  like  that  and  somebody  followed  him  closely  in  his  flight  away  from  the  coming  explosion.
It  started  quite  slowly,  and  as  the  night  grew  suddenly  brighter,  Walter  turned  and  grabbed  the  woman  chasing  him,  then  threw  her  to  the  ground  and  lay  on  top  of  her.
“Bloody  hell,  Walter,”  she  gasped  as  his  full  weight  bore  down  on  her.
“Maria?”
The  dull  roar  of  the  slow  explosion  grew  steadily  louder  as  more  barrels  gave  in  to  the  flames,  and  black  oily  smoke  billowed  into  the  air.  The  rain  of  wood  and  masonry  mostly  fell  short  of  where  they  lay  and  then  ceased  altogether.
Maria  opened  her  eyes  again  as  the  sound  of  falling  debris  petered  out.  “Walter  Southgate,  what  have  you  done?”  She  rapped  her  knuckles  on  his  plastic  chest  armour.  “And  what  in  heaven’s  name  are  you  wearing?  This  is  very  uncomfortable.”
He  got  to  his  feet  and  helped  her  up.  “You  sound  just  like  my  mother.”
“She’ll  kill  you.  Consuela,  not  your  mother.”
“Got  to  catch  me  first  love,  and  I’m  not  staying  around.”  He  started  walking  away  and  she  ran  to  catch  up  and  grabbed  him  by  the  arm,  spinning  him  round.
“Walter,  are  you  mad?  You  can’t  just  do  that,”  and  she  waved  towards  the  burning  building,  “and  then  wander  off  as  if  nothing  had  happened.  Can  you?”
He  shook  off  her  restraining  hand.  “Do  you  know  what  she’s  planning?”  and  he  carried  on  without  waiting  for  a  reply.  “She’s  taking  you  to  war  with  Homestead  again,  and  no  doubt  she  will  expect  me  to  stand  with  her  against  Anton,  Simon  and  possibly  the  rest  of  my  old  crew.”  He  made  a  chopping  motion  with  one  hand,  “no  way.  Absolutely  no  fucking  way,  sorry  for  swearing.  If  she  wants  to  make  war,  then  she  does  so  without  me,  and  without  her  precious  cannon.”
“But  Walter.”
“No  arguments,  Maria.  I’m  beginning  to  like  it  here,  but  for  every  reason  there  is  for  me  to  stay,  there’s  a  bigger  one  telling  me  to  go.”
Maria  tried  again.  “But  what  about  Zoe  and  Chloe?  Don’t  you  want  to  see  your  daughters  again?”
Walter  looked  down  and  pursed  his  lips  for  a  moment  before  continuing.  “I  was  never  a  good  father,  even  in  the  good  old  days.  Always  somewhere  else  when  I  was  needed  at  home.  And  now?  I’m  only  here  on  a  two  year  contract.  That’s  right,”  he  snarled.  “Margaret  sold  me  like  a  piece  of  meat,  and  when  your  dear  cousin  says  ‘where’s  Walter?’  then  you  can  tell  her  that  our  contract  is  null  and  void,  and  she  has  to  go  to  the  market  place  again.  Sorry,  but  it’s  goodbye.”
He  turned  on  his  heel  and  left  without  a  backward  glance,  went  past  his  house  and  collected  his  back-pack  from  the  tree  where  he  had  hung  it.  He  knew  the  path  round  the  lake  like  the  back  of  his  hand,  and  started  jogging  Northwards.
Maria  turned  and  ran  back  to  tell  Consuela  the  bad  news,  but  she  was  too  late.

“It’s  gone,  all  of  it.  Cupboard’s  absolutely  bare.  Helmet,  funny  green  jacket  and  pants  and  all  his  stuff,  everything.”  Ana  made  sure  that  she  was  out  of  reach  when  she  told  Consuela  that  Walter  had  disappeared,  but  the  tremendous  explosion  distracted  everyone  so  Ana  was  safe  for  the  time  being,  and  she  managed  to  sneak  away  in  the  confusion.
Soon  after,  Maria  burst  into  the  leader’s  almost  deserted  residence.
“He’s  gone,”  she  blurted  out,  “gone  crazy  as  well  I  think.”
Consuela  gave  a  deep  sigh  and  closed  her  eyes  for  a  moment.  “Tell  me  the  worst.”
“He  set  fire  to  the  powder  store  and  I  couldn’t  stop  him  from  leaving.”  Maria  swallowed  nervously.  Giving  bad  news  to  Lakeside’s  leader  was  never  easy.  “He  said  that  you’ll  have  to  go  to  war  without  him  and  the  cannon,  and  he’s  not  coming  back.”
“No!  I  need  him.”
Maria  and  Consuela  flinched  as  Sybil  screeched  out  the  words,  and  they  looked  at  her  in  surprise.
“Sybil?”  said  Consuela  softly,  but  the  bitch  queen,  as  Walter  had  named  her,  turned  and  fled,  sobbing  as  she  went.
“Am  I  surrounded  by  idiots,”  Consuela  cried  out  loudly.  “Whatever  Walter  heard,  he  must  have  heard  wrong.”  she  stood  up  and  paced  the  room,  wringing  her  hands.  “It’s  bad  enough  that  we  are  having  to  pay  blood  money  for  the  wrong  that  moron,  Sonia  has  done,  but  now  everyone  goes  crazy  on  me.”
“So  we  aren’t  getting  ready  for  war  then?”  said  Maria  slowly.
Consuela  shook  her  head.  “Much  as  I  would  like  to,  no,  we  cannot.”
Maria  nodded  her  head,  then  said,  “I’ve  never  let  you  down,  have  I?  Even  though  I  haven’t  got  dark  hair.”
Consuela  looked  up  sharply  at  the  tone  of  Maria’s  voice,  and  frowned.  “No,”  she  said,  “I  don’t  think  so.”
“Then  trust  me  one  more  time.  I’m  going  North  after  him,  he’s  probably  going  round  the  top  end  of  the  lake  and  then  South.  Tell  Sophie  to  come  and  find  me.  Only  her  though,  we  don’t  want  to  scare  him  off,  do  we?”
“Through  the  woods,  in  the  night  and  on  his  own?”  Consuela  frowned  and  shook  her  head  slightly.  “Mad  bastard.  Can  you  do  it?”
Maria  shrugged,  then  nodded.  “Probably,  if  I’m  careful.”
“Then  god  speed  and  may  good  fortune  be  with  you.  We  need  him,  all  of  us.  Even  Sybil,  it  would  seem.”
Maria  smiled  at  the  last  remark  and  left  to  go  in  search  of  Walter  before  he  came  to  grief  in  the  unforgiving  woods  that  he  thought  he  knew.
“ANA,”  yelled  Consuela,  and  told  the  hapless  skivvy  to  find  Sophie.

Chapter  22
Bare  Essentials
To  start  with,  Walter  jogged  easily  enough  round  the  lake  by  the  light  of  the  stars  and  the  fire  still  raging  in  Lakeside,  but  was  soon  forced  to  use  his  helmet’s  starfield  magnifier  and  then,  as  the  trees  grew  denser  overhead,  he  switched  on  the  night  vision  camera.  Just one  short  hour  later,  he  stumbled  to  a  halt  as  the  battery  warning  light  briefly  came  on  and  his  helmet  underwent  total  shutdown.
He  swore  gently  under  his  breath  as  he  wound  the  visor  back  into  it’s  slot.
He  waited  for  his  eyes  to  adjust  to  the  sudden  darkness,  but  realised  that  he  was  going  nowhere,  and  giving  in  to  the  inevitable,  groped  his  way  around  until  he  found  a  tree  and  squatted  with  his  back  against  the  reassuring  solidity  of  the  trunk.
‘I’m  only  resting,’  he  told  himself,  eyes  flickering  left  and  right,  trying  to  identify  the  source  of  the  night’s  noises.  ‘Not  going  to  close  my  eyes,  not  going  to  sleep,  and  when  the  moon  rises  I’ll  be  on  my  way  again.’
Three  long  kilometres  to  the  North,  Maria  squirmed  as  she  tried  to  get  comfortable  in  the  branches  of  a  tree,  and  realised  that  she  would  get  no  sleep  this  night.  She  had  no  rope  with  which  to  secure  herself,  and  suddenly  regretted  her  hasty  preparations  for  this  mad  adventure.  She  had  not  even  brought  the  bare  essentials  for  a  night  in  the  forest.  The  local  wildlife  went  suddenly  and  ominously  quiet,  and  she  held  her  breath  for  long  moments  listening  to  the  approach  of  many  feet.  Or  paws?
Her  heart  started  to  race  as  her  first  thought  was,  ‘wolves?’  Then  she  almost  laughed  with  relief  as  she  saw  the  indistinct  white  shapes  below  her.  Sheep!
Then  the  mad  adventure  got  just  a  little  bit  madder,  as  the  sheep  looked  up  at  her,  and  strange  voices  drifted  up  to  her  precarious  perch.
Unable  to  see  anything  more  than  general  shapes,  she  strained  to  hear  what  was  being  said,  but  only  odd  words  were  clear.
“...  we  must…  … stay  …  …  later”
“Why  me?”  At  least  that  was  clear.
“…  with  you…  …  trust…  …  …  you  as  well.”
“Damn!”
“…  …  keep  safe…”
The  white  shapes  swirled  before  her  tired  eyes  and  most  of  the  sheep  went  Southward,  with  only  about  four  staying  below  her  sanctuary.
“Well?”  said  a  weary  voice  as  someone  slapped  a  heavy  hand  against  the  tree  trunk.
“Well  what?”  answered  Maria  warily.
“Well  at  least  it  speaks,”  said  another  voice.
“Shush,  leave  this  to  me.”
“Why  you?  Why  not  me?”
There  was  a  great  sigh  before  the  reply.  “Because  I  am  older  than  you  and  that  gives  me  seniority,  and  She  said  so.”
“Not  right,  not  one  of  us.”
“I  am  one  of  you,  She  said  so.  And  can  you  put  the  fear  of  god  into  wolves?  No  I  thought  not.”
There  was  more  muttering  from  below,  but  no  more  serious  argument.
“Well?  Are  you  coming  down  or  not?”
Maria  frowned  and  squinted  into  the  darkness,  trying  to  see  the  invisible  speakers.  “Why  should  I?  I  don’t  know  who  you  are.”
“Just  think  of  me  as  a  good  friend.”
“Why  should  I  trust  someone  I  can’t  see?  Why  can’t  I  see  you?”
There  was  a  brief  pause,  then,  “I’m  wearing  a  black  coat.”
More  sniggering  from  below.
“Are  they  laughing?  Can  sheep  actually  laugh?”
“Ha  ha  ha,  she  thinks  you’re  sheep.  Baa!”
“Not  funny.”
“Not  funny  at  all,”  added  another  quavering  voice.
“Hush  now.  Oh  come  on  girl,  we  can’t  look  after  both  of  you,  you’re  too  far  apart.”
“What  do  you  mean?”
“You  need  our  help.  You  here,  him  there,  and  the  forest  at  night  is  no  place  for  honest  folk.”
“No  place.”
“But  I’m  safe  up  a  tree,  aren’t  I?  Mother  always  said  climb  a  tree  at  night.”
“If  you  don’t  want  to  come  down,  then  do  one  thing  for  me  before  we  go.  Raise  your  left  hand,  now  reach  out  and  hold  on  to  the  big  branch  to  your  side.  That’s  right,  that  one.”
The  sniggering  from  below  got  a  little  louder.
“Now  answer  me  this.  Would  you  like  to  join  us  down  here,  or  would  you  rather  stay  up  there  all  night,  holding  on  to  a  tree  snake?”

Now  your  average  snake  is  a  creature  of  mornings  and  evenings,  resting  by  day  and  night  to  take  shelter  from  the  extremes  of  heat  and  cold.  This  one,  feeling  the  warmth  from  Maria’s  hand,  moved  slightly  as  it  gripped  the  branch  tighter  and  raised  it’s  head,  ready  to  defend  it’s  life  and  honour.
She  was  faster  coming  down  than  going  up.  Much  faster,  and  her  squeals  of  fright  could  be  heard  the  length  and  breadth  of  the  forest,  and  only  stopped  when  she  landed  on  the  black  shape  below,  knocking  the  breath  from  both  of  them.
“Well  that’s  buggered  it,”  said  the  shepherd  as  she  pushed  Maria  off  and  climbed  back  to  her  feet.  “Everything  in  the  woods  with  sharp  ears  and  pointy  teeth  is  on  it’s  way  here  now.  Come  on  you  lot,  it  would  be  better  if  we  could  be  far  away  and  very  soon.”
“I  don’t  do  snakes,”  mumbled  Maria  and  shuddered  at  the  thought  of  being  that  close  to  a  snake.
“Do  you  do  running?  Then  get  after  them  quickly,”  and  she  found  herself  following  the  blurry  shapes  through  the  trees. 
She  staggered  along  in  the  dark,  occasionally  tripping  over  tree  roots  and  was  twice  dragged  to  the  ground  and  made  to  crouch  in  silence  for  no  apparent  reason.  When  asking  why  they  had  stopped,  the  whispered  reply  was  very  brief.  “Dogs.”  But  she  could  neither  see  nor  hear  anything  to  be  alarmed  about.
Eventually  they  reached  the  others  who  had  gone  on  ahead,  and  Maria  found  herself  being  eased  into  a  sitting  position  against  a  tree  trunk.  She  briefly  wondered  if  she  had  done  the right  thing,  but  then  she  realised  that  she  was  sitting  next  to  Walter  who  was  apparently  fast  asleep.
She  tried  to  wake  him,  but  the  shepherd,  who  was  still  just  a  black  shape  in  the  black  night,  said  that  ‘She’  had  put  him  to  sleep  because  ‘his  head  was  not  right’,  and  no  other  explanation  was  offered,  not  even  who  ‘She’  was.
There  was  no  alternative  but  to  accept  the  situation,  so  she  sat  there  quietly,  listening  to  the  night  sounds  and  the  infrequent  mutterings  from  someone  in  their  strange  party.
“Moon  will  be  up  soon.”
Maria  looked  towards  the  East  and  sure  enough,  there  was  a  lightening  of  the  sky,  and  the  rim  of  the  mountains  was  just  visible.
“Thank  the  heavens  for  that,”  she  replied.
“Don’t  be  too  grateful  too  soon  little  one,”  said  the  shepherd.  “They’ll  come  with  the  moon,  and  some  of  us  may  be  sorry  for  it.”
Maria  frowned.  “Who’s  coming?”
“Wolves,”  was  the  whispered  reply.
Maria  closed  her  eyes  and  shuddered.  “Should  we  light  a  fire?  I’ve  got  a  flint.”
There  was  a  chuckle  from  beside  her.  “No  good  against  these  wolves.  Fire  doesn’t  bother  them,  and  we  would  lose  our  night  sight.  Better  to  fight  in  the dark.”
“Fight?  We’re  going  to  fight  them?  I’ve  only  got  my  little  crossbow,  left  everything  else  at  home  in  the  rush  to  chase  after  him.  How  are  we  going  to  fight?”
The  chuckle  became  deep  and  throaty.  “Tooth  and  claw  little  one,  tooth  and claw.”
The  moon  finally  rose  over  the  far  mountain  and  a  pale  beam  lit  up  the  speaker,  giving  Maria  her  first  real  glimpse  of  her  rescuer.  
She  gasped  as  she  found  herself  gazing  into  the  unwavering  eyes  of  a  black  bear,  and  struggled  to  get  to  her  feet  but  a  great  paw  held  her  firmly  in  her  place.
The  goats  surrounding  them  looked  on  in  undisguised  amusement  as  she  finally  gave  in  and  collapsed  sobbing  against  the  tree  trunk.
“Pathetic,”  bleated  one  of  them,  the  nearest.  “What  use  saving  a  human?”
The  bear  calmly  answered  back,  “because  She  wants  it  so.”
There  was  no  reply,  but  the  goats  nodded  wisely,  or  so  it  seemed  to  a  thoroughly  confused  Maria.
“How  can  you  talk,  how  can  they  talk,  it’s  not  possible,”  she  stammered  out.
The  bear  sighed  and  lifted  it’s  mighty  paw  from  Maria’s  shoulder.  “It’s  a  long  story,”  she  said,  “and  we  don’t  have  time  for  it.  But  the  short  version  is,  that  I  am  a  good  spirit  trapped  in  a  bear’s  body.  And  the  sooner  I  can  get  my  own  body  back,  the  better.”
There  was  snuffly  cough  behind  her.  “Oh  yes,  and  this  is  my  mate,  I  think.  Don’t  get  too  close  to  him,  he  doesn’t  like  humans  very  much.  And  you  can  call  me  Cilla,  by  the  way.”
Maria  leant  forward  and  saw  an  even  bigger  bear  in  the  shadows.
“He  seems  to  be  tagging  along  for  a  bit  of  excitement,  doesn’t  like  wolves  either.  Doesn’t  seem  to  like  anything  much  at  all  really.  Except  me,  unfortunately.”
Maria  goggled  at  the  bears.  “Hello  mister  bear,  what’s  your  name?”  she  muttered,  causing  the  goats  to  laugh  quietly.  “They  do  laugh.  Why  are  they  laughing?”
Cilla  chuckled  gently  at  her  confusion.  “He  doesn’t  have  a  name  that  you  could  pronounce,  he  is  a  creature  of  the  wild,  just  like  this  one  I  inhabit  will  be  once  more,  when  I  can  move  on  again.”
Hundreds  of  questions  spun  round  in  Maria’s  mind,  but  they  all  remained  unasked,  as  the  bears  both  lumbered  to  their  feet,  sniffing  the  night  breeze.
“Load  your  toy  bow,  little  one.  They’re  coming,”  said  Cilla  quietly,  and  amid  the  goats  rose  an  enormous  white  shape.  Maria  gasped  her  surprise  as  she  gazed  upon  the  biggest  goat  she  had  ever  seen.
The  goat’s  eyes  locked  onto  hers  and  the  panic  she  had  felt  since  the  snake  incident  disappeared.  Although  the  goat  spoke  only  one  word,  a  feeling  of  utter  calm  and  confidence  filled  her,  and  she  felt  as  though  she  was  invincible.
“Time.”

Walter  yawned  mightily  and  stretched.  The  yawn  stopped  suddenly  and  his  eyes  opened  wide  as  he  remembered  where  he  was.
He  stared  in  surprise  at  the  sight  of  Maria  crouched  in  front  of  him,  pointing  a  loaded  twinbow  in  his  direction.
“Maria?”  His  voice  was  a  whisper.
“Don’t  move,”  she  snarled,  raising  the  weapon  slowly.
“Now  don’t  do  anything  hasty.”
“Don’t  fucking  move.  You’ll  put  me  off.”
He  stared  in  horror  as  her  knuckles  whitened  and  he  realised  that  he  was  looking  down  the  length  of  two  crossbow  bolts  that  were  about  to  be  released.
“Lean  your  head  to  the  right.  Slowly.”
He  grimaced  and  did  as  he  was  told,  then  the  snap  of  the  trigger  and  thud  of  a  bolt  burying  itself  into  the  tree  trunk  beside  his  head  made  him  dive  forward.
Coming  out  of  the  forward  roll,  he  managed  to  kick  the  bow  out  of  her  hands,  but  then  winced  as  the  spinning  bow  released  the  second  bolt,  which  flew  off  his  helmet  and  disappeared  into  the  trees.
Maria  was  on  her  feet  first  and  she  punched  his  head  as  hard  as  she  could.
“You  stupid,  stupid  brainless  fool.”
“What?”  He  stood  there,  rubbing  his  reddening  ear,  and  looking  at  her  properly  for  the  first  time.
“What’s  happened  to  you?”  he  asked  lamely,  looking  her  up  and  down.  “You’re  a  mess.”  
Her  scream  started  quietly  but  quickly  built  to  a  hideous  crescendo.  “aaaaaaaaargh!!!”
She  bent  down  and  picked  up  a  thick  branch,  causing  him  to  back  up  a  couple  of  steps.
“All  night,”  she  said  quietly,  in  direct  contrast  to  her  ear  splitting  scream.  “All  night  long,  I  have  stood  here,  with  only  this  branch  and  my  bow,  fighting  to  keep  you  safe  while  you  slept  like  you  had  no  cares  in  the  world.”
“Err…”
“I  have  been  awake  all  night.  I  have  been  to  hell  and  back.  I  have  kept  you  from  being  eaten  alive.  I  keep  you  from  certain  death  this  morning,  and  all  you  can  say  is,  ‘you’re  a  mess’.  Well  let  me  tell  you  mister  ungrateful,  you  owe  me,  you  are  probably  going  to  be  in  debt  to  me  for  a  long,  long  time.  And  your  first  act  of  repayment  is  to  find  that  bolt  you  just  wasted.  Then  you  can  dig  the  other  one  out  of  the  tree.  Right?”
Walter  shrugged,  not  understanding.  “Sorry?”
“Don’t  be  sorry,  be  careful.  Millipedes  are  poisonous.”
She  deliberately  turned  her  back  on  him  and  walked  slowly  away,  rubbing  her  bruised  hand.
Frowning,  he  glanced  back  towards  the  tree,  then  his  jaw  dropped  and  his  eyes  flew  wide  open  as  he  watched  the  millipede  writhing  in  it’s  death  throes,  transfixed  by  the  crossbow  bolt  in  the  tree.

Sophie  emerged  from  the  trees  a  short  while  later,  and  smiled  with  relief  at  seeing  her  friend  safe.  “Hi  Ruby,”  she  called  out  gaily.  “Is  he  here?”
Maria  looked  up  and  her  temper  started  to  creep  towards  boiling  point  again.  She  hated  the  name,  which  was  a  reference  to  her  blonde  hair.  Rubia  in  Spanish.
“Is  he  here?”  she  mimicked.  “Is  he  here?”
Sophie  frowned,  but  carried  on,  “did  you  hear  it?  It  sounded  like  big  trouble  somewhere.  I  felt  so  guilty,  you  out  here,  up  a  tree  and  me  safe  inside  the  lodge.”
“The  lodge?  You’ve  been  at  the  old  farmhouse  all  night?”
Sophie  nodded.
Maria’s  voice  hardened.  “Safe  and  warm  I  hope.”
Sophie  agreed,  with  a  long  drawn  out,  “yeees.”  Then  she  noticed  Maria’s  dishevelled  state,  torn  trousers,  dirty  face  and  hands,  and  wild  hair.
“You’re  a  mess,”  she  stated  boldly.  “What  have  you  been  doing?”
“Doing?  Doing?  What  haven’t  I  been  doing.   Let  me  tell  you  about  my  wonderful  night  in  the  open  air  shall  I?”  Not  waiting  for  a  reply,  she  launched  into  a  rant  which  grew  steadily  louder.
“It  started  with  a  bang,  when  Walter  ‘let’s  go  for  a  run’  Southgate  tried  to  blow  us  both  up  but  luckily  for  me,  he  knocked  me  down  and  jumped  on  top  of  me.”
“Yes,  I  heard.”
“Then  I  ran  after  him  through  the  very  dark,  very  scary  woods  until  I  couldn’t  see,  so  I  decided  to  climb  a  tree.”
“Very  sensible.”
"No!  I  found  myself  cuddling  a  snake,  I  hate  snakes,  so  I  jumped  out  of  the  tree."
“And  so  would  I.”
“And  landed  on  a  bloody  great  bear.”
Sophie  just  looked  at  her  in  amazement.
“Then  I   ran  through  the  woods  again,  holding  on  to  a  goat’s  tail,  and  that  goat  was  not  happy,  believe  you  me.”
Sophie  stood  there,  gaping  in  disbelief.
“Such  language,  where  do  goats  learn  to  swear  like  that?  Then  I  met  another  bear,  bigger  than  the  first,  all  teeth,  claws  and  stink.  God  knows  what  it  had  been  doing  but  it  reeked.  Then  She  stood  and  said  it  was  time,  and  it  started.”
She  shuddered  at  the  memory.
“Who’s  she?”  asked  Sophie  in  bewilderment.
“Don’t  know.  Forest  demon?  A  god  maybe,  but  she  was  on  our  side,  and  she’s  big.”
“Your  side.  You,  Walter  and?”
“Walter?  Walter?  Forget  him,  he  slept  through  the  whole  thing,  the  ungrateful  bastard.”
“What?”
“There  was  me,  Her,  the  two  bears  and  about  twenty  Cree.  They  were  never  still  so  I  couldn’t  count  them  properly.”
“Slow  down,  you’re  losing  me.  What  are  Cree?”  Sophie  asked,  shaking  her  head.
“The  goats,  they  call  themselves  the  Cree.  Don’t  ask  me  why,  it’s  just  a  name,  and  we  stood  there,  tooth  and  claw.  And  horn  I  guess,  waiting  for  the  wolves  to  come.”
Her  voice  trailed  away  and  there  was  brief  silence  until  Walter’s  voice  came  to  them.  “Found  it  honey.”
“Don’t  honey  me  Walter  Southgate,  now  dig  out  the  other  one.  And  be  careful,  it  may  be  dead  but  it’s  still  poisonous.”
“Poisonous?”  queried  Sophie.
“Just  another  mad  part  of  a  mad  story.”  She  turned  her  attention  back  to  Sophie.  “While  you  were  safe  and  sound,  hiding  in  a  proper  building,  with  proper  doors  and  proper  windows,  I  fought  off  a  fucking  wolf  pack  with  a  fucking  club  and  a  twinbow.”
“Maria.”  whispered  Sophie  softly.  “Maria  darling.”
Maria  ignored  her,  her  eyes  glazing  over,  reliving  the  night.  “We  did  well,  but  they  were  clever,  drawing  us  away  from  Walter.  But  then  the  ghost  came.  She  just  stood  there,  short  black  hair  and  shiny  chain  mail.  Then  she  pointed,  and  when  I  looked  up,  there  was  a  wolf  in  the  tree  above  Walter.  Yes,  I  know.  Wolves  can’t  climb  trees,  but  this  one  did.  So  I  lifted  my  little  bow  and  shot  it.  It  fell  off  the  branch  and  ran  away  howling  like  a  demon.”
Sophie  waited,  but  there  was  silence.  “Then?”  she  prompted.
“Then  it  was  over,  and  we  counted  the  cost  of  protecting  Mr.  Sleepyhead.  One  dead  goat,  a  few  others  with  scratches  and  a  bear  with  a  big  hole  in  it’s  shoulder.”
She  shook  her  head  and  was  close  to  tears.  “This  morning,  when  it  was  barely  daylight,  I  put  a  dozen  stitches  in  a  wild  creature  with  the  biggest  teeth  I  have  ever  seen,  and  I  promised  to  take  them  out  again  in  a  couple  of  weeks.”
She  shuddered  again.  “Then,  then,  when  he  finally  woke  up,  I  shot  a  giant  millipede  off  his  shoulder,  and  did  he  say  thankyou?  No,  he  kicked  me.  But  do  you  know  the  worst  of  it?  When  I  was  sewing  up  Cilla’s  shoulder,  she  stuck  her  nose  between  my  legs,  sniffed  my  unmentionables  and  told  me  I’m  pregnant.”
“Oh  love,  that’s  great  news.”
“No  it’s  not.  It’s  not  fair.  We  only  did  it  twice.  Twice  is  never  enough,  and  now  I’ll  get  all  big  and  lumpy  and  he  will  never  look  at  me  again.”

“Good  here,  isn’t  it?”
Walter  poked  the  fire  under  the  pot  of  water  again  and  looked  up,  but  not  directly  at  Sophie  as  he  replied,  “I  guess.”
Sophie  sighed  and  tried  again.  “Peaceful,  clean  water  and  a  good  roof.  All  it  wants  is  a  proper  fence  to  keep  the  beasties  out  and  it  could  be  lived  in  again.”
Walter  grunted  noncommitedly.  He  was  having  a  bad  day,  and  he  knew  that  the  tea  he  was  trying  to  make  would  be  a  big  disappointment  as  well.
“Speaking  of  beasties,  here  she  comes.”
Walter  looked  round.  “Don’t  be  cruel,”  he  said  gently.  “You’ve  no  right.”
Ana  strolled  into  the  farmyard  carrying  a  bowl  filled  with  small  red  fruits.
Her  appearance  had  surprised  them  all.  She  had  ridden  into  the  yard  on  a  black  and  white  ox  borrowed  from  Sybil’s  yard,  and  her  arrival  had  been  preceded  by  half  a  dozen  small,  wiry  and  very  energetic  dogs.  She  had  been  sent,  she  said,  by  Cousin  Consuela,  to  keep  them  out  of  mischief.
After  a  brief  but  pointless  shouting  match,  Maria  left  them  and  stormed  off  upstairs  for  a  lie  down,  because  as  she  pointed  out,  she  had  been  up  all  night.
The  tea,  as  predicted,  was  awful,  and  they  decided  to  eat  their  meagre  rations  later  when  Maria  woke  up  again.  Meanwhile,  Ana  carefully  peeled  her  ‘mock  cherries’,  and  slowly  and  delicately  nibbled  the  sweet  red  flesh.  In  direct  contrast  to  her  eating  habits,  she  then  spat  the  large  seeds  into  the  fire,  rarely  missing  her  target.

Maria  emerged  from  the  house  at  last  and  Sophie  shared  out  the  bread  and  cheese,  while  Ana  carefully  poured  them  each  a  cup  of  wine  which  she  had  brought  with  her,  making  sure  that  they  did  not  see  the  label  on  the  bottle.  It  was  Bridget’s  special  love  potion,  Los  Angeles,  and  she  had  been  serving  it  to  the  women  who  stayed  with  Walter,  to  make  sure  that  they  were  relaxed  about  being  alone  with  him.  When  talking  to  the  women  in  Altmore,  she  found  out  that  Ricky’s  attentions  were  not  always  welcome,  especially  to  the  women  from  Central,  so  she  used  the  wine  to  ‘smooth  things  over’.  She  had  stopped  giving  it  to  Walter  though,  as  it  seemed  to  have  no  effect  on  him.
Ana  shared  out  her  remaining  fruit  and  they  sat,  laughing  at  Walter’s  misfortune  as  he  bit  into  the  bitter  seed.  He  made  a  great  show  of  not  liking  what  he  tasted.  At  least  they  were  laughing  together  again,  even  if  it  was  at  his  expense.
“I’ve  come  to  help  you  make  your  mind  up,”  said  Ana  suddenly.
“Who,  me?”  asked  Walter.
“All  of  you.”
The  girls  looked  at  each  other,  wondering  what  was  coming.
“What  do  you  mean,”  said  Sophie.
“Well,  number  one,  wherever  Walter  goes,  I  go.”  stated  Ana  boldly.
“Like  hell  you  do,”  snarled  Maria.  “You’re  a  nobody,  and  you  can  sod  off  back  to  Lakeside  as  soon  as  you  like.”
“Wrong!”  Said  Ana  calmly.  “Out  here,  he  needs  looking  after,  and  pretty  soon,  you  will  as  well.”
The  intended  retort  died  on  Maria’s  lips  as  she  realised  what  she  meant.
Ana  waited  a  second  then  continued.  “You  can  do  what  you  like,  Ruby,  but  I’ll  keep  him  safe,  and  you  as  well  if  you  decide  to  stay  with  us,  and  he  will  finish  teaching  me  how  to  do  back  massage  properly.”
Maria  bridled  at  the  use  of  her  nickname,  but  Ana  kept  going.
“We  sorted  out  Sybil’s  bad  back  but  there’s  much  more  he  can  teach  me,  so  like  I  said,  find  Walter  and  you  find  me.”
Maria  looked  at  Walter.  “Is  this  true?”
Walter  agreed  that  he  had  manipulated  Sybil’s  back,  with  Ana’s  help,  probably  curing  her  of  a  long  standing  injury,  and  they  had  also  been  partly  successful  with  Sonia’s  dodgy  leg.
“Number  two,”  and  she  addressed  Walter  this  time.  “There  will  definitely  be  no  war  with  anybody,  especially  if  you  go  back  to  town.”
“I’m  not  going  to  be  very  popular  for  a  while  though,  am  I?”  He  said quietly.  “And  how  can  you  be  certain  about  this  ‘no  war’  statement.”
Ana  smiled  as  she  replied.  “Because,  my  beautiful  man,  you  have  been  either  blessed  or  cursed.  It  depends  on  your  outlook,  I  guess.”
“Blessed  or  cursed?”  asked  Sophie.  “What  on  earth  does  that  mean?”
Ana  smiled  and  licked  her  lips  before  answering.  “According  to  the  girls  in  Altmore,  what  is  happening  in  Lakeside  should  not  be  physically  possibly,”  she  started.  “You  see,  for  some  reason,  everybody,  and  I  mean  absolutely  everybody,  who  runs  the  lake  with  Walter  gets  a  big  belly,  and  if  everybody  is  pregnant,  then  who  is  left  to  carry  arms?”
Sophie  and  Maria  looked  open  mouthed  at  each  other.  Pregnant?  Everybody?  Sophie  suddenly  clasped  one  hand  to  her  abdomen  and  a  broad  smile  crept  across  her  face,  and  none  of  them  noticed  Walter’s  worried  frown  as  he  tried  to  figure  out  if  Sybil  was  still  of  child  bearing  age.

Walter  eventually  declared  his  intention  to  return  to  face  Cousin  Consuela,  but  only  after  he  had  been  to  see  Ricky  at  Altmore.  A  panel  on  his  helmet  had  been  damaged  by  the  stray  bolt  he  had  accidentally  let  loose  that  morning  and  he  was  hoping  that  Ricky  could  patch  it  up  for  him.
Ana  started  to  collect  firewood  to  replace  what  they  had  used,  as  it  was  customary  to  leave  the  house  ready  for  the  next  traveller  to  move  into  for  the  night,  and  Walter  was  surprised  to  learn  that  the  road  to  Altmore  was  just  beyond  the  trees,  and  they  were  only  about  four  hours  walk  directly  to  the  South  of  Lakeside.
The  next  surprise  was  that  he  suddenly  recognised  the  smell  of  the  burnt  seeds  from  the  fruit  that  Ana  had  collected.  
As  a  student,  he  had  often  used  a  café  where  they  roasted  their  own  coffee  beans,  and  once  you  had  savoured  that  singular  aroma,  you  never  forgot  it.  Coffee?
It  was,  and  he  and  the  girls  collected  several  more  bowls  of  the  ripe  fruit,  to  take  to  Altmore  where  he  hoped  to  sell  it  to  Ricky,  who  was  Italian,  and  had  complained  about  the  lack  of  coffee  on  several  occasions.
Then  the  taste  of  the  Los  Angeles  wine,  coupled  with  the  mention  of  Altmore  made  Maria  gasp  in  sudden  realisation.  “I  know  who  it  was  now,”  she  said,  wide  eyed.
Sophie,  Walter  and  Ana  looked  at  her,  not  understanding.
“The  ghost.  Last  night.  She  was  at  Altmore,  in  the  church.  She  spoke  to  you.”
“The  crazy  woman,”  said  Sophie  quietly.
Walter  opened  his  mouth  but  quickly  shut  it  again,  remembering  the  strange  girl.
“Walter  Englishman,  You  are  troubled  also,  but  in  the name  of  our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  I  bless  you,  and  say  to  you,  be  well  again.”
Walter  sat  down  suddenly,  his  head  reeling  with  the  enormity  of  what  he  was  thinking.  Could  it  be?  Could  it  be  real?  Could  it  really  be  a  visitation  from  heaven?  He  had  never  believed  in  miracles,  but  now?

Later  that  evening,  when  she  had  secured  the  doors  and  windows  for  the  night,  Ana  smiled  as  she  sat  in  her  chair  and  listened  to  the  noises  from  above.  They  were  certainly  enjoying  themselves  up  there,  but  she  did  not  mind.  Even  though  she  was  still  technically  a  virgin,  she  and  Walter  had  spent  several  happy  nights  together,  and  not  just  playing  chess  either,  but  her  time  would  come.
It  would  be  soon  now,  and  she  could  wait.
Waiting  was  easy.  When  she  was  just  a  girl,  she  had  waited  nearly  three  days  with  Beryl  and  two  others  in  a  cave,  waiting  for  a  lion  to  go  away.  She  slipped  her  hand  inside  her  blouse  and  held  the  lion’s  claw  necklace  that  she  had  worn  since  the  day  she  had  helped  to  kill  the  beast,  and  drifted  off  to  sleep,  dreaming  about  being  a  hunter,  just  like  her  grandmother  had  been.

Chapter  23
Miss Information
Retrieving  Tanya’s  few  possessions  from  the  yard  of  the  Black  Swan  in  Altmore  turned  out  to  be  relatively  easy.  Glen  insisted  on  seeing  Gloria  to  tell  her  the  sad  story  of  Tanya’s  demise,  and  Altmore’s  prima  sent  Ricardo  with  them  to  help  with  locating  and  uncovering  the  pathetic  bundle  behind  the  privy.  They  were  watched  with  morbid  curiosity  by  citizens  who  had  heard  the  quickly  spreading  rumours  of  Sonia’s  brutality,  and  from  the  crowd’s  mood,  it  was  obvious  that  Lakeside  would  be  getting  no  help  in  any  confrontation  which  arose  from  this  sad  episode.
When  Glen,  Bubbles  and  Daisy  left  town,  life  in  Altmore  settled  down  to  it’s  more  usual  relaxed  pace.  But  Consuela  had  given  up  trying  to  find  a  suitable  solution  to  her  problem,  and  had  decided  to  let  Ibis  sort  it  out,  so  two  days  later  a  wagon  from  Lakeside  arrived  with  Sonia  and  Conti  shackled  together  in  the  back.
Shortly  after  the  wagon  rolled  to  a  stop  behind  Gloria’s  residence,  Walter  and  his  three  escorts  arrived  as  well  and  the  gossip  between  neighbours  reached  fever  pitch  again.
Walter  was  a  troubled  man  and  had  gone  straight  to  the  church  to  pray,  but  Maria  and  Sophie  decided  that  their  priority  was  to  get  some  liquid  refreshment  in  the  Black  Swan.  Ana  put  her  animal’s  needs  before  her  own  and  found  a  safe  byre  for  the  ox  and  even  made  an  effort  to  clean  it  up  somewhat,  vigorously  brushing  it  down.  The  others  were  slightly  bemused  by  the  ‘new’  Ana  they  were  seeing.  Without  the  presence  of  Consuela  and  Sybil,  Ana  was  changing,  both  in  attitude  and  appearance,  and  the  further  from  Lakeside’s  power  base,  the  greater  the  changes.  She  was  now  dressed  in  soft  buckskin,  that  she  told  them  had  belonged  to  her  mother,  and  had  plaited  coloured  feathers  into  her  hair.  She  had  even  tied  feathers  to  the  cows  horns  and  onto  the  dog’s  collars.
As  Ricardo  examined  Walter’s  defunct  helmet  with  stereo  magnifiers,  and  made  minor  adjustments  to  the  inner  workings,  the  aroma  of  roasting  coffee  beans  filled  the  air,  making  his  mouth  water  in  anticipation.  
“Nearly  done  now  Walt.  Put  my  helmet  on  and  go  outside,  so  we  can   try  it.”

Glen  stared  in  wonder  at  the  glittering  array  of  instruments  in  the  big  room  at  the top  of  the  white  tower.
“Wow!”
Beryl  smiled  at  the  sight  of  her  friends  face,  although  she  had  probably  looked  like  that  as  well  when  she  had  finally  gained  entry  to  the  building  through  a  broken  window.
“Good  isn’t  it?”  she  said.
Glen  shook  her  head  slowly.  She  was  sure  that  nobody  in  the  world  had  ever  seen  anything  like  this  before.  “What  does  it  all  do?”
“No  idea  pet,  but  Ricardo  will  tell  us.  Or  Margaret  maybe.”
“Ricardo?”
“Rosita’s  on  her  way  to  fetch  him.”
Glen  nodded  in  understanding.  Since  the  spring  fair  and  the  film  shows,  Ricardo  had  gained  a  reputation  as  a  worker  of  miracles.  She  gently  ran  her  hands  over  the  multicoloured  desktop,  feeling  the  slight  imperfections  in  the  surface.
“Just  think,”  she  said  quietly,  “we  are  probably  the  first  people  to  touch  this  for  a  thousand  years.”
The  ‘imperfections’  that  Glen  felt  were  the  tactile  indentations  of  the  secondary  control  board,  and  in  the  heart  of  the  machine,  a  tiny  programme  was  alerted  to  her  touch  and  reacted  by  sending  a  message,  the  only  message  it  knew.
“Wait  till  you  see  the  basement,”  Rosa  told  her.  “There’s  some  weird  stuff  down  there  as  well.”
A  switch  in  the  base  of  the  ripple  mast  on  the  roof  closed  silently,  and  the  mast  began  to  convert  air  pressure  and  sunlight  to  electrical  energy.
“Really?  What  sort  of  weird  stuff?”
As  the  charge  built  up,  semi  sentient  relays  made  secondary  connections  and  a  major  programme  came  slowly  out  of  hibernation.
“Wagons  and  things.  I  couldn’t  describe  them,  you  have  to  see  them  to  believe.”
The  programme  finished  it’s  preliminary  checks,  and  decided  that  life  in  the  tower  was  a  viable  proposition  again.
“Well,  let’s  go  see.  Shall  we?”  Then  she  frowned.  “What’s  that  noise?”
The  panel  lights  came  on  dimly,  but  they  were  still  bright  enough  to  alarm  the  three  women,  who  backed  slowly  away  from  the  pulsating  display.
‘Relay  station  west  four  on  standby.’
“Who  the  hell  is  that?”  whispered  Beryl.
Glen  spun  round  but  there  was  nobody  behind  them  either.
‘Going  live.  In  three,  two,  one,  activate,  and  on  line.’
Ricardo’s  voice  came  clearly  from  an  invisible  speaker.  “…  but  that’s  what  she  said,  or  rather,  what  I  heard  she  said.  Is  that  better?”
“Seem  to  have  got  an  echo  now,”  replied  Walter.
“Can  you  keep  talking  Walt,  while  I  tweak  this  pot.”
With  eyes  as  wide  as  saucers,  the  new  owners  of  the  white  tower  listened  in  awe,  wondering  what  was  happening.
Walter  sighed  and  started  talking,  as  he  thought,  only  to  himself  and  Ricky.

Caroline  came  hurtling  out  of  the  farmhouse  yelling,  “Marco,  Marco.  Where  are  you?”
Rushing  round  a  corner,  she  ran  straight  into  him  and  would  have  fallen  down,  but  he  held  her  upright  with  his  huge  but  gentle  hands.  
“Whoa  girl,”  he  laughed,  “what’s  the  rush?”
“Your  helmet,”  she  gasped.  “In  there,”  pointing.  “It  started  talking  to  me.”

“Bastard  about  Tanya  Vine,  wasn’t  it.”  Said  Ricardo
“She  was  a  nice  kid,”  replied  Walter.  “A  bit  behind  the  beat,  though.  Or  maybe  half  a  step in  front  of  the  rest  of  us?  Who  knows?  I  certainly  don’t.”
“Were  you  there  when  she  was  cremated?”
“No,  missed  most  of  it.  Me  and  Ana  were,  mmm,  playing  chess.”
Ricky  laughed,  “Yes,  I  bet  you  were.”
“No,  really.  She’s  learning  fast.  She  could  give  you  a  run  for  your  money  now.”
Ricky  looked  up  from  his  work  and  smiling,  winked  at  Ana,  who  was  sitting  with  his  latest  wife,  Joanna  Radley  from  Central.  Ana  blushed  and  suddenly  took  a  lot  more  interest  in  the  book  that  Joanna  was  showing  her,  even  though  she  could  barely  read.
“What  the  hell  got  into  Sonia  to  make  her  cut  her  toes  off?”  asked  Ricky.
“Apparently  it  was  something  Tanya  said  to  her,”  replied  Walter.

Glen’s  brain  was  in  a  whirl.  “NO!”  she  shouted  at  the  control  panel,  making  Beryl  and  Rosa  jump  with  fright.
“No,”  she  repeated,  but  quieter.  “That’s  not  right.”
“Glen?”  said  Beryl.
“I  put  her  on  the  pyre.  Me,  myself.  She  had  all  her  toes.  I  know  she  did.  I’m  sure  she  did.”
She  stared  into  Beryl’s  eyes  for  long  seconds  before  whispering,  “who  did  I  cremate?  Who  the  bloody  hell  was  she?”
“More  to  the  point,”  replied  Beryl,  “where  on  earth  is  Tanya Vine?”

Ana  rapidly  lost  interest  in  the  book,  which  did  not  have  enough  pictures  in  it  for  her  liking.  The  chatter  between  the  men  was  much  more  interesting,  especially  when  Marco  eventually  joined  in.
“Joanna  tells  me  that  there’s  more  unrest  in  Central  than  you  can  shake  a  stick  at.”  said  Ricardo.
“Proper  vipers  nest,”  replied  Walter.  “What  are  they  doing  this  time?”
“Another  set  to  in  the  arena  tomorrow.  Four  of  their  own  priestesses  in  for  a  rough  time.”
“Poor  sods,  what  have  they  done?”
“Supposed  to  have  killed  somebody  on  the  road  up  your  way.”  Ricky  glanced  up  at  his  wife.  “Joanna  says  it’s  not  likely  though.  Says  she  knows  them,  three  of  them  anyway,  and  they  just  wouldn’t  do  that  sort  of  thing.”
“Do  we  know  them?”  asked  Walter.
“Well  I  don’t  recognise  the  names,  if  you  can  call  them  names.”
“Why’s  that  then?”
“One  of  them  is  called  Isabella  Candle,  and  that’s  not  a  name,  it’s  a  question.”

In  the  white  tower  there  was  a  sharp  intake  of  breath  and  it  was  Beryl’s  turn  to  be  confused  and  concerned  as  she  remembered  the  words  of  her  premonition.
“Is  this  it?”  Glen  asked.  “Is  this  the  day?”
Beryl  put  one  hand  to  her  forehead  and  closed  her  eyes  as  she  considered  the  options  open  to  her.  At  last  she  turned  to  the  others.
“I’m  going  to  Central,”  she  said  quietly.  “you  two  can  stay  here,  it’s  not  your  fight.”
“Not  bloody  likely,”  said  Glen  forcefully.  “I’ve  lost  Basher,  so  I’m  not  letting  you  go  off  on  your  own  and  losing  you  as  well.”
“We  will  have  to  hurry  to  be  there  for  tomorrow,”  added  Rosa.

“Who  are  the  others?”  asked  Walter.
“Cherry  somebody  and  Candy  somebody  else,  but  Jo  says  she  doesn’t  know  the  other  one.  Bit  odd  that,  she  thought  she  knew  them  all  at  the  temple.”
“Who’s  she  then?”
“They  say  her  name  is  Florabel,  Florabel  D’Alacant.”
“Mmmm,  sounds  more  like  a  title.”

“Ricky,  Walter,  this  is  Marco.  Where  are  you  now?  Are  you  nearby?”
“Well  I’m  near  Ricky,”  said  Walter,  “and  he’s  near  me,  but  where  are  you?”
“I’m  here  of  course.”
“Of  course  you  are,”  interrupted  Ricardo,  “but  pray  tell  us,  where  exactly  are  you?”
“At  home,  in  the  house.”
“Not  possible,”  said  Ricardo  quickly.  “We  don’t  have  line  of  sight  from  here  to  you.”
“Can’t  explain  it,”  said  Marco  hurriedly,  “but  it’s  not  important.  Tell  me  about  this  Florabel,  I  only  caught  part  of  it.”
Ricardo  repeated  what  Joanna  had  told  him  and  then  Marco  told  them  about  the  time  when  Flossie  had  called  herself  Florabel  of  San  Wan  and  Alacant,  and  how  Tanya  had  given  Marco  the  same  name  when  they  had  disguised  him  as  a  princess  to  hide  from  Margaret  and  Sylvia.  It  was  a  long  story  but  they  eventually  understood  and  believed  him,  coming  to  the  conclusion  that  there  was  a  reasonable  chance  that  Florabel  D’Alacant  was  actually  Tanya  Vine.
Ana  said  adios  to  Joanna  and  crept  away,  so  did  not  hear  Marco  begging  Ricky  and  Walter  to  go  to  Central  for  him  to  halt  the  proceedings  in  the  arena.  Eventually,  Walter  said  that  he  would  go,  but  he  wanted  Marco  there  as  soon  as  possible  as  he  did  not  particularly  fancy  his  chances  of  achieving  anything  on  his  own.

“Sad  pair  you’ve  turned  out  to  be.”
Conti  nudged  Sonia,  who  reluctantly  opened  one  eye.  If  she  was  surprised  at  Ana’s  appearance,  she  did  not  let  it  show.
“What  do  you  want?”  she  said  tersely.  “Contrary  to  popular  belief,  we  are  not  a  freak  show,  so  sod  off  and  leave  us  alone.”
Ana  shook  her  head  in  mock  exasperation,  feathers  swirling  with  the  movement.  “Naughty,  naughty.  Thought  you  would  be  glad  to  see  a  friendly  face  for  a  change.”
“Piss  off  Ana,  we’re  not  in  the  mood  for  visitors.”  Then  she  noticed  the  two  women  in  pink  shirts  standing  at  the  end  of  the  alleyway  and  raised  her  voice,  “and  you  two  vultures  can  bugger  off  as  well.”
Ana  smiled.  She  was  savouring  the  moment,  and  was  going  to  enjoy  remembering  Sonia  like  this  for  a  long  time.  “Not  even  a  visitor  with  food  and  good  news?”
Conti’s  eyes  lit  up  as  she  grabbed  eagerly  for  the  chunk  of  bread  and  single  boiled  potato  that  Ana  had  liberated  from  Joanna’s  kitchen.  “Good  news?  What’s  that  then?”
“Walter’s  been  speaking  up  for  you,  talking  to  Gloria  about  repentance  and  redemption.  Seems  that  his  God  is  big  on  this  repentance  thing.”
Sonia  gave  a  harsh  laugh.  “Fat  lot  of  good  talking  will  do,  Connie’s  washed  her  hands  of  us,  and  all  this  god  stuff  is  just  idle  talk  as  well.  We’re  dead  in  most  folks  eyes  already.”
Ana  nodded  wisely.  “True.  Up  to  a  point,  but  Walter’s  God  sent  an  angel,  a  real  one,  to  save  him  last  week,  Maria  saw  her,  so  that  puts  paid  to  your  theories  on  religion,  and  yes,  it’s  only  water.”  This  last  was  in  reaction  to  Sonia’s   sour  expression  after  she  had  taken  a  drink  from  the  jug.  “Now,  let  me  ask  you  a  couple  of  questions,  and  you  probably  ought  to  think  before  you  answer.”
Sonia  shrugged,  so  Ana  continued,  “so,  you  are  in  the  deep  stuff  because  you  had  Tanya  killed,  yes?”
Sonia  frowned  but  agreed.
“What  if  she  wasn’t  actually  dead?”
Conti  would  have  jumped  for  joy,  but  for  her  right  leg  being  shackled  to  Sonia’s  left.  “Are  you  serious?  We’re  safe  if  she’s  OK.”
Sonia  butted  in,  “what’s  the  catch?”
“What  if  she  was  alive,  but  about  to  be  murdered  in  the  arena  for  something  she  probably  hadn’t  done?  What  would  you  do?”
“Ah.”  Sonia  held  up  a  hand  to  silence  Conti.  “This  isn’t  just  words  is  it.  You’ve  heard  something,  haven’t  you?”
It  was  Ana’s  turn  to  shrug.  “Maybe.”
Sonia  gave  a  deep  sigh,  then  said,  “well  then,  obviously  it  would  be  my  fault  that  she  was  there,  and  I  know  that  I  was  wrong  to  do  what  I  did.  So…”
“Go  on,”  Ana  prompted,  “finish  it.”
“It’s  a  long  way  to  Central,  but  I  would  run  to  the  gates  of  hell  to  make  amends.  We  have  one  small  problem  though,”  and  leaning  forward,  she  rattled  the  chain.
Ana  held  up  her  hand,  holding  a  bent  piece  of  metal.  “We  also  have  a  lock  pick.”
While  she  worked  at  the  lock  she  told  them  what  she  had  heard,  and  what  they  were  going  to  do,  because  in  her  opinion  the  others  would  be  only  talking  about  it,  and  probably  forever.
As  she  concentrated  on  her  task,  her  tongue  peeped  out  of  the  corner  of  her  mouth,  and  then  she  suddenly  stopped  and  looked  up  at  Sonia.  “I  pray  to  Walter’s  God  now,”  she  said  quietly.  “Walter  says  that  if  we  truly  confess  our  sins,  then  He  forgives  us  and  we  go  to  heaven,  but  if  we  don’t  mean  it,  then  He  knows,  because  He  knows  everything  and  it’s  the  other  place  for  us.”  She  narrowed  her  eyes.  “You’d  better  be  sure  you  mean  it  girl.”
There  was  a  loud  CLICK  and  the  lock  sprang  open,  letting  the  chain  fall  from  their  legs.  Sonia  reached  down  and  massaged  her  left  ankle  where  a  red  mark  was  already  visible,  although  the  skin  was  not  broken.
“We’re  going  to  need  some  shoes.  Can’t  get  all  the  way  to  Central  barefoot,  can  we?”

It  was  all  hustle  and  bustle  at  Toogood  farm  as  Marco  got  ready  for  the  long  journey  to  Central.  He  had  wanted  to  leave  Sali  in  charge,  but  was  informed  that  she  and  Dotty  Sharp  had  borrowed  a  wagon  from  Ibis  so  that  Sali  could  visit  an  old  friend.  Just  who  this  friend  was,  nobody  could  actually  say  as  Sali  had  been  a  bit  vague  about  where  she  lived.  His  next  disappointment,  which  was  more  serious  for  him,  was  that  nobody  had  seen  Caren  since  dinnertime  the  day  before.  Eventually,  Marco  and  four  of  the  girls  were  on  their  way,  but  did  not  expect  to  arrive  at  Central  until  mid  afternoon  at  the  earliest,  even  though  they  were  planning  to  walk  most  of  the  night  without  stopping.  Pansy  watched  with  mixed  emotions  as  they  disappeared  from  sight  over  the  hill  towards  Ibis.  She  had  wanted  to  go  with  them,  but  Marco  had  insisted  that  she  stayed  behind  to  prepare  for  whatever  the  next  few  days  should  bring.

Bonnie  Boots  looked  up  as  the  door  bell  tinkled  and  frowned  in  distaste  at  the  ragged  condition  of  her  customer.  Her  superior  attitude  was  replaced  by  a  mild  state  of  panic  as  she  recognised  the  second  person  through  the  door  as  the  girl  who  had  sold  her  that  damned  ring.
“It  wasn’t  me!”  she  blurted  out,  jumping  to  her  feet  and  knocking  the  stool  over.  “I  never  told  them  anything,  it  was  somebody  else.”
Sonia  and  Conti  looked  at  each  other  in  baffled  surprise.
“We  only  need  some  shoes,  and  maybe...”  said  Sonia,  but  stopped  abruptly  as  the  horror  stricken  Bonnie  reacted  violently  to  the  sight  of  Ana,  with  her  head  covered  in  chicken’s  feathers.
As  screams  go,  it  was  not  very  impressive,  except  in  it’s  longevity  as  it  seemed  to  go  on  forever,  and  they  could  even  hear  it  through  the  door  which  Bonnie  had  hurtled  through,  and  slammed  shut  behind  her.  Above  the  noise  of  the  pitiful  and  endless  wailing,  they  heard  the  sound  of  several  bolts  clicking  into  their  sockets.
“Was  it  something  we  said?”  asked  Ana.
Sonia  shrugged,  neither  knowing  nor  caring.  “There’s  some  strange  folk  about.”
“Find  some  decent  shoes,”  Ana  said  to  the  others,  then  louder,  “we  are  borrowing  some  things  mistress  Boots.”
The  reply  came  back  faintly,  “take  what  you  want,  take  it  all,  just  leave  me  alone.”
Sonia  and  Conti  started  examining  shoes  and  boots,  while  Ana  found  and  opened  the  door  leading  to  the  armoury.  She  quickly  found  what  she  wanted  and  came  out  again  to  find  the  others  had  helped  themselves  to  complete  outfits  of  decent  clothes  similar  to  her  own,  suitable  for  the  open  road.
“Walter  will  pay.  I  guess?”  said  Ana.  “Here,  take  these,  we  might  need  them.”
Sonia  was  not  impressed.  “Toy  swords  and  bamboo  spears?”
Conti  turned  the  shield  over  to  look  at  the  reverse  side.  “It’s  only  wickerwork,”  she  said  and  let  her  disappointment  show  in  her  tone  of  voice.  “Covered  in  cow  hide.”
“Central’s  about  a  day  and  a  half’s  walk  away,”  said  Ana  slowly,  fixing  Sonia  with  a  steady  gaze.  “We  are  going  to  try  and  get  there  today.  We  are  Lakeside  and  running  is  what  we  do  best,  but  not  if  we’re  carrying  battle  boards  and  wearing  chain  mail.  You  can  either  become  light  infantry,”  she  paused  and  then,  “or  go  back  in  the  wagon.”
“We’re  running,”  said  Sonia  instantly,  echoed  by  Conti  a  second  later.
“Good  choice  ladies,  and  if  we’re  lucky,  then  maybe  we  can  steal  something  more  suitable  when  we  get  there.”
“We  are  going  now  mistress  Boots,”  shouted  Ana  at  the  bolted  door.  “Walter  will  pay  you,  no  problem.”

Seven  tortuous  hours  later  they  were  sitting  at  the  side  of  the  road,  red  faced  and  gasping  for  breath  watching  the  lights  of  Central  twinkling  into  life  less  than  five  kilometres  away.
Sonia  gently  massaged  her  left  calf  which  had  been  a  burning  agony  for  the  last  hour  or  so.  She  had  been  determined  not  to  get  left  behind  and  had  refused  to  let  them  slow  down  so  that  she  could  easily  keep  up.
Eventually,  Ana  got  them  to  their  feet  again  and  slowly  they  completed  their  journey,  walking  into  Central,  as  Ana  put  it,  ‘as  if  we  own  the  place.’
Nobody  challenged  them,  or  indeed  seemed  to  notice  them  at  all,  and  they  arrived  at  the  arena  without  any  trouble.  Until  Conti  rattled  the  door  handle  to  see  if  it  was  unlocked,  that  is.
She  gave  a  little  start  of  surprise  as  the  hatch  slid  open  and  someone  challenged  them.  “Yes?  What  do  you  want?”
It  was  Sonia  who  took  the  initiative.  “We  are...  we  are  the  Furious  Doves,”  she  stammered  out,  using  the  first  name  she  could  think  of.  “We’re  the  exotic  dance  troupe  from  La  Via.”
The  person  behind  the  door  studied  them  for  a  moment  and  then  her  eyes  flickered  left  and  right,  looking  up  and  down  the  alley.
“There  were  more  of  you  last  year.  And  have  you  got  that  damned  bear  with  you?  Took  bloody  ages  to  wash  the  stink  of  it  out  of  here.”
“No,”  said  Sonia  quickly.  “It  had  to  go.  Had  two  left  feet,  couldn’t  keep  in  time.”
The  anonymous  face  frowned,  then  dismissed  the  weird  thoughts  that  were  coming  to  her.  “Good.  But  you’re  not  due  for  two  days  so  come  back  then.”
She  started  to  close  the  hatch.
“But  I  thought  we  could  stay  here?”  blurted  out  Ana,  hoping  for  an  easy  way  to  get  to  the  prisoners.
“Not  this  time  girls,”  Carla  Keys  told  them.  “Go  to  the  temple  next  door.  They’ll  be  glad  to  give  you  a  safe  corner  to  yourselves.”
The  hatch  slammed  shut  and  the  girls  were  left  in  near  darkness  again.

Chapter  24
Arena,  deja  vu
“Think  we  can  do  it?”
Beryl  grimaced  as  she  considered  Rosa’s  question  and  looked  across  the  wide  road  to  study  the  nervous  militia  guarding  the  gateway  to  the  arena  next  to  Pauline’s  place.  “Oh  we  can  do  it  alright,”  she  said  slowly.  “But  we’re  not  going  to,  are  we?”
Glen  shook  her  head  slightly,  “three  of  us  against  seven  of  them,  and  they  look  a  bit  handy.  There’ll  be  a  lot  of  blood  spilled  on  both  sides.  The  cost  will  be  too  high.”
“They’ve  already  sent  a  runner.”  Rosa  indicated  with  her  head.  “Saw  her  scoot  off  that  way  like  a  scalded  cat.”
“Probably  going  for  some  back  up.  Tina  Flake  most  likely.”  Remarked  Glen.
“Guess  we’re  too  late  then,”  added  Rosa  hopefully.
“I’m  not  leaving,”  Glen  insisted.  “I  should  have  found  her  before  this  lot  did.”
Beryl  put  her  hand  on  Glen’s  shoulder.  “None  of  us  are  going.  Can’t  you  feel  it?”
Glen  already  knew  about  Beryl’s  vision,  but  Rosa  gave  her  a  mystified  look.
“What  should  we  know  Beryl?”  she  asked.
“I’ve  got  a  strange  feeling  about  this  place.  It’s  like  there’s  somebody  looking  over  my  shoulder  all  the  time.  I  can’t  be  sure  what,  but  I  think  something  weird  is  happening  and  we  should  just  wait  here,  all  innocent  like,  for  the  gates  to  open.”
Rosa  swore  gently.  “Wait,  wait,  bloody  wait.  I  hate  waiting.” 
Glen  shivered  as  she  muttered  under  her  breath,  “open  the  gates  of  hell  then.  We’ll  be  ready,  come  what  may.”  Then  frowning,  she  glanced  over  her  shoulder  and  said,  “Do  we  have  to  stand  here?  This  alley  smells  like  something  died  in  it.”
Inside  the  arena,  the  sparse  crowd  waited  for  the  main  event  to  begin,  and  some  waited  more  patiently  than  others.
One  of  them  had  already  been  waiting  nearly  nine  months  for  a  very  special  event,  and  she  made  her  way  slowly  to  the  benches  near  the  tunnel.
“Mind  if  I  sit  here  deary,”  she  asked  and  sat  down  without  waiting  for  a  reply,  easing  her  ample  posterior  into  the  narrow  space.
“Here  watch  it,”  the  jostled  woman  began,  but  stopped when  she  saw  that  the  newcomer  was  very  pregnant.  “Oh,  sorry  love,  didn’t  see  you  properly  at  first.  Shift  up  girls,  new  mother  among  us.”
The  pregnant  girl  opened  her  little  bag  and  taking  out  some  half  finished  knitting,  soon  had  the  needles  clicking  away  merrily.
Davina  smiled  as  she  watched  the  little  garment  grow.  “Just  think,”  she  murmured,  “I  nearly  had  to  learn  how  to  knit.”
The  girl  looked  up  into  her  smiling  face.  “Oh  yes?”
“I  went  to  Altmore  as  well,  you  know,”  she  said  proudly.  “I  got  to  know  that  Ricardo  very  well.  Very  well  indeed,  but  it  didn’t  happen  for  me.”  She  patted  her  flat  stomach  for  emphasis.  “Maybe  next  time.”  They  sat  in  silence  for  a  while  until  Davina  had  plucked  up  her  courage.  “Can  I?”  she  eventually  asked.
The  girl  didn’t  understand  at  first,  but  then  realised  what  was  meant  and  smiled.  “Course  you  can,”  and  she  moved  her  knitting  to  one  side.
Davina  put  her  hand  gently  on  the  large  stomach  and  sighed.  “Beautiful,  just  beautiful.  Respect  to  you  girl,  total  respect.”
The  needles  began  their  chattering  again.
“Can  I  get  you  anything,  you  know,  a  drink  maybe,  or  some  roast  hamster?”
“No  thankyou,  not  just  now.”
“Nice  colour,  the  wool  I  mean.”
“Yes,  really  wanted  pink,  but  had  to  make  do  with  this  yellow,  but  she  says  that  it  doesn’t  really  matter  that  much.”
“She?”
“Yes,  my  little  one.  She’s  going  to  be  called  Serena.”
Davina  frowned,  not  understanding  but  nodded  and  said,  “peaceful.”
“Yes,  hopefully  she  won’t  have  my  temper.”  She  gave  a  large  sigh  as  she  got  to  the  end  of  another  row  and  stopped  knitting.  “Well  if  you’ll  excuse  me,  I’ll  have  to  go  to  the  closet.  Got  to  pee  again.  One  of  the  little  nuisances  you  have  to  put  up  with  when  you’re  like  this.”
She  got  up  and  waddled  awkwardly  towards  the  passageway,  then  turned  and  spoke  again  just  before  she  got  there.  “Davina?  Serena  says  you’re  a  lot  nicer  than  some  others  that  we’ve  met  here,  and  if  you  should  leave  now,  before  the  mad  rush,  then  you  could  come  and  visit  us  in  Ibis.”  Then  she  disappeared  through  the  door.
“That’s  funny.”
Davina’s  companion  turned  to  her,  “What’s  that?”
“Never  saw  her  before,  but  she  knew  my  name.”
Her  friend  laughed.  “Probably  a  witch  then.”  She  laughed  again  and  slapped  the  puzzled  woman  on  her  shoulder.
“No  witches  this  side  of  Homestead,”  Davina  said,  but  thought  to  herself,  ‘Leave?  and  what  did  she  mean  by  “mad  rush”?’  Then,  ‘Ibis?  She  lives  in  Ibis?’
A  half  hearted  cheer  came  from  the  bored  crowd  as  the  prisoners  emerged  from  the tunnel,  urged  on  at  spear  point  by  the  women  of  the  militia.  There  were  four  of  them,  in  poor  health  from  their  time  in  the  mine  and  bleeding  and  bruised  from  the  savage  beating  they  had  received  from  their  captors.
Tanya  Vine  was  nearly  unrecognisable  and  had  to  be  half  carried  onto  the  sand.
Davina  turned  to  her  neighbour.  “This  is  sick.  Look  at  them,  this  isn’t  entertainment,  it’s  not  even  justice.  They’re  going  to  be  murdered.”
Her  friend  scowled.  “Don’t  they  deserve it  though?  They’re  escaped  slaves  and  murderers  themselves,  aren’t  they?”
“Deserve  punishment,  maybe,  but  not  this.”  Davina  said  harshly,  “It’s  not  right  and  I  can’t  watch  it.  I’m  going,”  and  she  stood  up.
“Suit  yourself,  but  I’ve  paid  my  ten  cents  and  I’m  staying  for  my  money’s  worth.”
Davina  climbed  the  stairs  and  left  the  arena  without  a  backward  glance,  in  her  head  the  gentle  voice  still  calling  out,  ‘leave,  before  the  mad  rush.’
Millie  Storm  stood  and  read  the  charges  and  the  verdict,  concluding  with  the  usual,  “and  may  the  Lady  above  be  merciful  upon  you.”
Carla  Keys  roughly  pushed  Isabella  Candle  forward.  “Say  the  words  trash,  and  be  quick  about  it.”
Isabella  stumbled,  going  down  on  one  knee,  some  of  the  crowd  laughing  as  she  nearly  went  full  length  on  the  ground.  “My  name  is,”  she  croaked  but  got  no  further  as  a  small  pregnant  girl,  clutching  some  yellow  knitting,  emerged  from  the  tunnel  to  the  sound  of  the  crowd’s  raucous  approval.
“You  can’t  come  down  here  girl,”  said  the  astonished  gatekeeper.  “There’s  going  to  be  an  execution.”
“Execution  is  it?  I  thought  they  were  supposed  to  be  given  a  fair  chance.”
Millie  was  outraged.  “What  do  you  think  you  are  doing?  Get  out,  you’re  making  a  mockery  of  the  whole  thing.”
“Mockery?  MOCKERY?”  
Her  voice  had  a  cutting  edge  to  it  and  the  crowd  were  shocked  into  silence.
The  girl  put  one  hand  on  Carla’s  chest  and  surprisingly,  Carla  found  herself  thrown  backwards  and  she  ended  up  sitting  in  the  dirt.  “I’ll  tell  you  about  mockery.  When  the  law  takes  a  handful  of  coins  to  deliver  a  false  verdict,  that’s  mockery.”
The  strange  scene  made  the  awe  struck  crowd  feel  decidedly  uneasy.
“When  the  family  with  most  money  can  buy  their  own  judge,  that’s  mockery.”
She  turned  slowly  and  addressed  the  crowd,  and  her  pointing  finger  seemed  to  pick  out  every  one  of  them.  “When  ordinary  folk  pay  to  see  cruel  injustice  dressed  up  as  entertainment,  that’s  mockery.”
Her  piercing  eyes  swept  the  audience  and  they  felt  her  contempt  as  a  chill  wind  across  their  souls.  “You  strut  around  in  your  fancy  clothes,  and  sneer  at  the  villagers  in  their  homespun  shirts.  You  put  on  your  airs  and  graces  and  laugh  at  the  clowns  from  the  country.  Know  you  now,  that  I  was  born  in  Homestead,  and  as  poor  as  that  place  is,  everyone  there  is  honest,  as  you  are  not.”
The  whispering  in  the  crowd  started  then,  and  Ma  Nesbitt’s  reputation  was  legend,  even  this  far  away.  “Homestead,  oh  shit,  she’s  a  witch.  One  of  that  Nesbitt  woman’s  girls.”
“You  make  me  sick.  This  vile  place  is  a  disgrace  to  humanity  and  it’s  days  are  numbered.  Leave.  Now.  While  you  can.”
She  turned  slightly  and  waved  gently  in  the  general  direction  of  the  exit.
Most  of  the  crowd  grasped  the  meaning  of  the  hissed  words  and  the  arena  was  soon  emptying  in  a  mad  scramble  for  the  only  way  out,  women  fighting  their  way  over  the  tiers  of  benches,  clawing  and  pushing  others  out  of  their  way  to  get  away  from  the  menace  on  the  sun-baked  arena  floor.
Across  the  street,  standing  in  the  shadow  of  the  carob  tree,  the  three  Strongholders  watched  the  panic  stricken  mob  pouring  from  the  gateway.  “Not  much  longer,”  whispered  Beryl,  catching  hold  of  Glen’s  arm  as  her  partner  lifted  her  spear  and  started  forward.  “It’ll  be  soon  now.”  Then  she  called  out  loudly  as  Central’s  prima  came  running  up  to  join  the  guards,  “too  late  Tina  Flake,  far  too  late.  No  bribes  can  get  you  out  of  this  one.  Welcome  to  hell,  girl.”
Inside,  the  girl  finally  turned  her  attention  back  to  the  lawgiver  of  Central.  “Not  you  Millie  Storm.  You’re  not  going  anywhere,  so  get  down  here  and  face  me.”
Her  raised  hand  swept  round  the  almost  empty  arena  and  all  the  doors  and  windows  in  the  building  slammed  shut.
The  corrupt  official  was  unable  to  stop  herself  walking  down  the  steps  as  if  in  a  trance  and  she  finally  joined  the  five  women  of  the  militia  on  the  sand.
“Six  of  you  and  only  little  me  to  stand  for  the  poor  templars  here.  Does  that  seem  fair  to  you?”
She  bared  her  teeth  in  a  frightening  smile.  “My  name  is  Sali  Vorden,  my  unborn  daughter  is  Serena  Vorden  cum  Tanto  ab  Hummingbird.  We  stand  with  Tanya  Vine  and  we  are  your  worst  nightmare.  Now,  it  begins.”

Ana  jumped  down  from  the  window  she  had  been  about  to  climb  through,  and  which  had  closed  violently  in  her  face.
“Now  what?”  asked  Conti  in  alarm.  The  sound  of  all  the  doors  and  windows  closing  had  surprised  them  and  Ana  had  only  kept  all  her  fingers  by  good  fortune.
“Back  to  the  temple  and  over  the  roof?”  suggested  Sonia,  and  they  ran  back  the  way  they  had  come.

“Well  here’s  a  surprise,”  said  Glen  quietly,  looking  towards  the  end  of  the  road,  where  a  lone  figure  had  appeared.
Walter  had  left  his  Sundown  armour  in  Altmore  and  was  jogging  towards  them,  wearing  cotton  trousers  and  an  open  neck  shirt.  Both  had  been  white  when  he  started  out,  but  now  they  were  dirty  and  sweat  stained.  Although  Maria,  Sophie  and  Sonia’s  two  hapless  guards  had  started  out  with  him,  he  had  steadily  outpaced  them  over  the  last  couple  of  hours  and  was  now  about  ten  minutes  ahead  of  them.  He  slowed  down  to  a  walk  to  try  and  get  his  breathing  under  control,  and  taking  in  the  situation  at  a  glance,  he  ignored  Beryl’s  group  and  stopped  in  front  of  the  militia.
“How  much?”
Tina  looked  at  him  warily.  She  was  rapidly  losing  control  of  the  situation  and  the  events  that  were  now  unfolding  were  way  beyond  her  experience  and  capabilities.
“What?”
“Ibis  wants  Tanya  Vine  back,  so  what’s  your  price?  And  don’t  play  coy,  we  know  she’s  here.”
She  swore  under  her  breath.  Tanya  Vine?  If  only  someone  had  said  that  yesterday,  she  could  probably  have  paid  off  the  right  people.
“Too  late  for  that.  It’s  gone  too  far.”  She  shook  her  head.  “I  didn’t  know,”  she  finished  lamely.  “Why  didn’t  she  tell  us  her  real  name?”
Walter  closed  his  eyes  and  gave  a  sigh  of  disappointment  and  frustration.  They  would  have  to  do  it  the  hard  way.  
He  was  on  the  verge  of  suggesting  that  there  was  about  to  be  a  bloody  repetition  of  the  recent  civil  war,  when  the  hard  way  came  rapidly  sneaking  up  on  them,  and  for  some  it  was  going  to  be  harder  than  they  could  imagine.
Rosa  gave  a  small  yelp  of  fear  which  descended  into  a  whimpering  cry  as  a  huge  paw  settled  on  her  shoulder,  and  a  deep  voice  rumbled,  “away  from  the  walls.  Now.”
She  took  no  further  urging,  as  Cilla  pushed  her  forward.
Glen  was  ready  to  fight  the  great  bear,  but  Beryl  laughed  out  loud  and  urged  her companion  into  the  roadway.
“What  are  we  doing?”  she  asked.
Cilla  chuckled.  “Taking  it  rather  calmly,  aren’t  you?”
“I’ve  seen  this  day  in  my  dreams,”  replied  Beryl.
“Mmm.  Just  wait  in  the  road  for  a  while  and  you  will  also  see  the  sky  fall.”
A  second  bear  came  out  of  the  alley  and  stood  on  it’s  hind  legs,  sniffing  the  air,  growling  all  the  while.
“Any  moment  now,”  said  Cilla.  “He’s  more  sensitive  than  I  am  and  knows  these  things.”
Across  the  road,  the  militia  and  Walter  stood  open  mouthed  in  surprise,  wondering  what  was  happening.  Walter  had  heard  Maria’s  account  of  the  talking  bear,  but  had  dismissed  the  tale  as  merely  hysterical  delusion.  Now  he  believed  fully,  and  was  not  particularly  alarmed,  but  only  shrugged  his  shoulders  in  a  ‘what  now?’  kind  of  gesture.
Beryl  shouted  across  the  road  to  him.  “Get  here  now,  the  sky’s  going  to  fall  on  us.”

Sonia  was  the  first  one  to  take  the  leap  of  faith  from  the  temple  roof  to  the  arena,  and  was  followed  closely  by  the  others.  She  was  just  in  time  to  see  what  triggered  the  events  that  followed,  but  could  not  hear  what  was  being  said.
Down  on  the  sand,  Sali  had  had  an  accident.  Two  accidents  in  fact.
“Now  look  what  you’ve  made  me  do,”  she  said  menacingly,  and  her  six  opponents  took  an  involuntary  step  backwards.  She  held  both  needles  in  one  hand  and  the  tiny  garment  in  the  other,  the  stitches  starting  to  fall  undone.  “It  took  me  ages  to  do  this  and  now  I’ve  got  to  start  again.  Ooh  it  makes  me  so  mad.”
Then  she  bent  forward  clutching  her  stomach  in  pain.
“Not  now,  baby.  Not  now,”  she  whispered.
Maddie  Toogood  laughed  out  loud  as  she  saw  the  growing  pool  between  Sali’s  feet  and  realised  what  was happening.
“She’s  giving  birth,”  she  exclaimed.  “Do  it  now,  before  she  recovers.”
She  had  only  taken  a  couple  of  tentative  steps  forward  when  Sali  howled  in  pain  and  as  her  cries  echoed  round  the  empty  terraces,  a  rumble  like  thunder  shook  the  building.
Sali  sat  on  the  sand  and  howled  again  and  in  response  the  ground  beneath  them  started  to  vibrate  in  a  most  alarming  way,  causing  the  others  to  look  at  each  other  fearfully,  wondering  what  was  happening.
The  full  force  of  the  earthquake  then  struck  Central,  and  the  buildings  around  them  started  to  totter  and  collapse.

“Impressive,  isn’t  it?”  said  Cilla  to  no  one  in  particular,  as  debris  rained  around  them.
They  were  all  cowering  in  the  middle  of  the  road  now,  friend  and  foe  alike,  although  everyone  managed  to  stay  clear  of  the  big  bear,  which  was  still  growling  menacingly.
As  the  tremors  subsided,  Beryl  grabbed  Central’s  prima  by  the  arm.
“We’re  going  in,”  she  said,  indicating  the  broken  gate.  “Want  to  try  and  stop  us?”
Tina  did  not  get  a  chance  to  reply.
“No.  Not  yet.”  Cilla  the  bear  made  it  clear  that  it  was  an  order.  “She  is  in  there,  in  the  cellars”
“She?  Who’s  that?”  asked  Beryl.
Cilla  nodded  as  only  a  bear  can  nod,  showing  all  her  teeth  and  drooling,  and  repeated,  “She.”

Ana  leapt  from  the  balcony  just  as  the  first  tremors  struck.  Sonia  and  Conti  landed  beside  her  and  they  staggered  away  from  the  side  of  the  arena,  seeking  safer  ground  in  the  centre.
As  the  shocks  died  away,  Maddie  and  the  others  found  themselves  confronted  by  the  three  Lakesiders  who  were  now  standing  between  them  and  their  intended  victims,  including  Sali  who  was  lying  on  the  sand  groaning  pitifully.  
“Stand  aside  girlie,”  said  Maddie,  her  face  a  grinning  mask  of  hatred.  “These  Homestead  bitches  cost  me  my  home,  and  it’s  payback  time.”
Ana  swallowed  nervously.  What  had  seemed  a  good  idea  from  a  distance  did  not  look  so  clever  at  close  quarters.
“Back  off,”  she  ordered,  in  a  not  quite  convincing  tone  of  voice,  waving  her  bamboo  spear  in  front  of  her.
“Or  else,  what?”
As  she  spoke  the  last  word,  Maddie  flicked  her  sword  upward  with  dizzying  speed  and  the  end  of  Ana’s  spear  fell  to  the  ground.
Ana  looked  at  the  remains  of  the  weapon  in  dismay.  “Now  look  what  you’ve  done,”  she  exclaimed.  “We  only  borrowed  these  and  we’ve  got  to  take  them  back.  You’ll  have  to  pay  for  it,  I’m  not.”
“What?”
Behind  Ana,  on  the  ground,  Sali’s  clutching  fingers  were  digging  into  the  sand,  and  slowly  but  surely  a  hole  was  appearing  at  her  side  as  the  sand  trickled  ever  faster  into  some  unseen  cavity  below  them.
“This  spear,”  said  Ana  slowly,  “is  not  mine,  and  you  will  have to  pay  for  it.  Comprende?”
To  her  great  satisfaction,  her  words  seemed  to  be  taking  effect,  and  their  six  opponents  began  backing  away  from  them.
Then  she  wondered  why  they  were  not  making  eye  contact,  but  all  looking  over  her  head,  and  she  turned  round  to  come  face  to  navel  with  the  biggest  goat  in  the  world,  covered  in  sand  and  dirt.
Gretaghast  Horningtower,  navigator  (third  class)  and  prime  example  of  physical  fitness,  had  punched  through  the  adjoining  cellar  walls,  and  had  climbed  up  from  the  room  below  the  arena,  rising  to  the  surface  like  a  demon  from  hell.
Ana  fainted  as  Gretaghast  bellowed  out  a  challenge  that  king  kong  would  have  refused,  causing  everyone,  including  Sonia  and  Conti  to  seek  safer  ground,  leaving  Ana  to  her  fate.
“That’s  Her,”  said  Cilla  reassuringly,  “we  can go  now.”

Greta  sat  on  the  sand,  cradling  Tanya  in  her  arms.
“Fine,”  she  murmured.  “Tanya  fine.  Mine.”
Slowly  but  surely,  the  dementia  brought  on  by  her  solitude  was  wearing  off  and  she  was  becoming  a  thinking,  rational  creature  again.
She  was  so  attentive  to  Tanya  that  she  did  not  realise  that  Maddie  Toogood  was  coming  up  behind  her,  sword  held  high  and  ready  to  strike.
None  of  the  others  would  have  been  in  time  to  save  her,  but  Greta’s  guardian  angel  was  always  alert.
Springer  Three,  the  chameleon  craft  that  had  brought  Greta  to  Earth,  with  the  other  two  crew  members,  had  followed  Greta’s  wanderings  faithfully  for  more  than  six  years,  never  more  than  seven  kilometres  away,  and  always  in  scanner  distance.  The  semi  sentient  Springer  could  not  conceive  what  the  navigator  was  doing  groundside  for  such  a  long  time,  but  had  always  been  ready  for  this  moment.
As  Maddie  prepared  to  strike,  and  as  Beryl  opened  her  mouth  to  scream  a  warning,  the  normally  invisible  craft  flickered  into  the  mid  range  spectrum  and  a  bolt  of  lightning  streaked  down,  from  the  craft’s  weapons  pod  directly  to  the  upraised  sword.
Maddie  died  instantly  and  was  quickly  reduced  to  a  small  heap  of  smoking  ash,  and  the  arena  was  filled  with  the  cloying  stench  of  burnt  flesh.

Chapter  25
New  life
Serena  came  safely  into  the  world,  helped  along  by  Rosa,  the  only  mother  in  the  group,  who  had  got  over  the  shock  of  meeting  talking  bears  and  goats  surprisingly  quickly.  Ana  recovered  quickly  too,  and  was  soon  with  the  others  at  the  arena  gate,  where  Beryl  was  planning  their  retreat  out  of  town  by  the  safest  route.
Safest  was  still  not  easy  though,  as  the  shocked  townsfolk  were  recovering  from  the  earthquake  and  were  looking  to  vent  their  anger  on  someone,  or  anyone  even,  especially  if  that  anyone  was  from  Homestead.
Using  some  form  of  self  hypnosis  to  overcome  her  pain  and  discomfort,  Sali  declared  herself  fit  enough  to  walk,  but  then  planning  went  out  of  the  window  as  Greta  took  charge.
“Come,”  she  said.  “Time.”  And  not  giving  anyone  the  chance  to  question  her  decision,  ran  out  of  the  gate  and  into  the  midst  of  the  stone  throwing  crowd  which  promptly  scattered  in  all  directions.
Behind  Greta,  Beryl  and  Glen  headed  the  loose  wedge  formation  that  they  had  adopted  with  Walter,  Maria  and  the  bears  bringing  up  the  rear.  In  the  middle  of  the  group,  Cherry  was  helping  Sali,  and  Sonia  elected  to  be  near  Tanya  and   Isabella.
Walter  smiled  when  he  saw  Sonia  supporting  Tanya,  and  thought  that  he  would  never  truly  understand  women.
Sali  smiled  as  well,  and  looking  over  her  shoulder  she  said,  “you  don’t  need  to.”
He  did  not  realise  that  he  had  spoken  his  thoughts  out  loud,  but  looked  at  her  in  surprise,  and  then  got  no  time  to  think  about  it,  as  the  threat  from  the  Central  citizens  had  not  gone  completely  away  and  they  were  all  too  busy  for  rational  thought.
Greta  had  disappeared  from  view  as  they  dodged  round  the  rubble  in  the  roadway  and  then  entered  the  alley  at  the  side  of  the  inn.
Beryl  pulled  Glen  to  one  side  to  let  the  others  past.  “We  wait  here  I  think,  get  rid  of  your  spear.”
She  passed  it  to  Ana  as  she  went  past,  saying  to  her,  “You’ve  grown  since  I  saw  you  last.”
Ana  smiled  and  lifted  her  necklace  slightly.  “Still  got  it,”  was  all  she  had  time  to  say,  and  Glen  chewed  at  her  lower  lip  as  she  watched  them  go  safely  out  of  town.
“Why  here?”  she  asked.
“Archers,”  Beryl  replied  quietly.  “About  seven  of  them.”
“Chingamé!”
Beryl  chuckled.  “Such  language  Glen.  It’s  still  swearing,  even  in  Spanish.”
Glen  gave  a  big  sigh.  “But  seven?  I  don’t  fancy  those  odds  at  all.”
Beryl  chuckled.  “We’ll  be  alright,  I’ve  seen  today,  you  know  I  have,  and  this  seems  to  be  the  reason  that  we’re  here.  Surprise  is  on  our  side.  We  kill  their  bows  and  run  like  the  wind.”  She  looked  up  quickly  and  whispered,  “they’re  here,  in  four,  three,  two,  now.”
They  leapt  from  the  alley,  back  into  the  road  and  screaming  their  war  cries,  ran  at  the  group  of  women  coming  towards  them.  They  were  not  ready  for  a  close  quarters  fight  and  Beryl  and  Glen  pressed  home  their  advantage,  swinging  their  short  swords  and  knives  with  deadly  skill,  hacking  at  bows  and  slicing  through  bowstrings.  Only  one  of  the  archers  managed  to  draw  a  weapon,  a  long  knife,  but  Beryl  had  seen  it  coming,  and  stabbed  the  unfortunate  woman  in  the  arm  before  breaking  the  bow  she  had  dropped.
All  the  women  retreated  before  the onslaught  and  their  bows  were  soon  damaged  beyond  immediate  use,  so  Beryl  and  Glen  turned  and  ran  for  the  open  countryside.
They  quickly  caught  up  with  the  rest,  who  had  met  Dotty  Sharp  driving  the  ox  cart  back  towards  Central.  Sali  had  given  her  a  fictitious  errand  to  run,  but  fearing  the  worst  when  the  earthquake  struck,  she  had  turned  back.
Beryl  decided  that  she  wanted  to  talk  to  Tina  Flake  again  before  the  day  was  over,  so   she  tied  a  white  rag  to  the  top  of  a  spear  and  waited  with  Rosa  and  Glen  in  the  road,  where  they  could  be  seen  from  town.

Sali  and  Tanya  were  helped  up  on  to  the  wagon  and  they  started  off  again,  and  when  they  met  Marco  along  with  Sarah,  Fizz  and  Margo,  it  was  a  joyous  occasion  for  everyone.  Those  coming  from  Central  were  glad  of  reinforcements,  and  those  from  Ibis  were  happy  that  their  journey  had  not  been  in  vain.
There  were  a  few  awkward  moments  when  those  from  Ibis  realised  that  Sonia  and  Conti  were  with  them,  but  Ana  stressed  that  they  were  redeemed  villains,  and  everyone  here  today  was  a  hero,  so  if  anyone  didn’t  like  their  company,  they  could  leave.  Or,  alternatively,  the  Lakesiders  were  willing  to  go  on  by  themselves.
No  one  left.  The  threatened  departure  of  nearly  half  of  their  fit  and  active  fighting  force  was  a  big  incentive  to  forget  their  differences.

Promises  and  pacts
Beryl,  Glen  and  Rosa  returned  shortly  before  dark,  catching  up  with  the  others  when  they  stopped  for  the  night  in  one  of  the  Collier’s  camp  sites.  Beryl  told  them  that  Tina  and  two  others  had  eventually  come  out  of  town  to  talk  to  them,  and  that  they  would  arrange  a  meeting  in  Altmore  to  discuss  the  future  in  the  presence  of  all  the  town  primas  and  cousins.
Hopefully  she  would  hold  to  that  agreement,  but  they  would  still  post  guards  each  night  until  they  were  in  safer  territory.
Darkness  fell  and  they  sat  around  three  small  campfires  cooking  whatever  they  had  with  them.

“What  are  they  doing?”
Sarah  Jugg  sat  up  at  Marco’s  words  and  studied  the  Lakesiders.  “No  idea,”  she  replied  after  a  couple  of  seconds.  “They’re  a  weird  lot  up  there,  always  have  been.  But  this  looks  like  it’s  serious  stuff.”
Marco  guessed  that  Sonia  and  Conti  were  in  for  a  hard  time,  after  what  he  had  heard  about  them.  “Mmm.  Best  leave  them  alone  for  a  while,  I  guess.”
Sali  yawned,  then  smiled  and  passed  Serena  to  him.  “Here  you  are  papa,  your  daughter  needs  you,  and  I  need  a  rest.”
Marco  nervously  took  the  small  bundle.
“Not  like  that,”  Sali  admonished  him.  “She  needs  to  feel  you.  Cuddle  her.”
Walter  was  as  baffled  as  Marco  was,  even  though  he  had  previously  seen  and  heard  what  was  happening  now,  but  before,  it  had  always  been  from  a  distance  as  he  had  never  been  invited  to  take  part.  This  ceremony  was  apparently  a  woman  thing.
He  and  the  seven  women  from  Lakeside  were  slightly  apart  from  the  others,  sitting  cross  legged,  in  a  circle  around  a  small  fire,  everyone’s  knees  touching  those  of  the  person  on  each  side  of  them.
Sonia  passed  an  earthenware  bowl  to  Ana,  who  put  it  carefully  on  the  ground  in  front  of  her.  Ana  then  took  from  her  belt  a  small  sticklike  metal  object  which  gave  a  sharp  ‘click’  as  she  twisted  it  before  placing  it  in  the  bowl,  and  smiled  as  she  glanced  round  the circle  at  the  expressions  on  the  other’s  faces.  Bemused,  worried,  and  in  Maria’s  case,  hostile.
“Will  you  lend  me  yours?”  she  asked,  addressing  no  one  in  particular.
Hesitantly,  Sophie  was  first  to  react,  taking  a  chain  from  her  neck  and  passing  it  wordlessly  across  the  circle  to  Ana,  who  laid  it  in  the  bowl  with  her  own.
Sophie  nudged  Maria,  who  demanded,  “why  should  we?”
Ana  winced  but  remained  calm.  Tonight  had  to  go  well.  No  arguments.
“You  don’t  have  to,”  she  replied  quietly.  “You  can  leave  the  circle,  but  there’s  no  coming  back  again.”
Indecision  crept  across  Maria’s  face  and  for  a  moment  it  seemed  that  she  was  going  to  get  to  her  feet,  but  she  suddenly  thrust  her  hand  into  her  blouse  and  when  she  withdrew  it,  looked  down  for  a  moment  at  the  instrument  in  her  fist.  Although  no  one  noticed  it,  Sophie  squeezed  Maria’s  thigh  again,  and  Maria  held  her  hand  out  towards  Conti,  who  took  the  small  object  and  passed  it  across  to  Ana.
Eventually,  there  were  five  in  the  bowl,  not  seven,  as  Sonia  and  Conti’s  converters  had  been  taken  from  them  by  Cousin  Consuela.
Ana  looked  briefly  up  at  the  stars  and  smiled  to  herself.  Nearly  there  now,  she  thought,  just  a  few  more  minutes.
They  sat  quietly,  hands  resting  on  knees,  eyes  half  closed  and  listening  to  Ana,  who  spoke  with  an  assurance  which  was  growing  all  the  time..
“Our  people  have  worked  on  and  by  the  water  since  before  the  dawn  of  time.  The  water  is  our  life  and  our  life  is  the  water.  We  are  Lakeside.”
She  paused  for  several  seconds,  but  none  of  them  spoke,  none  of  them  were  willing  to  take  the  lead  in  the  spell  she  was  weaving.  It  was  an  old  story,  one  they  had  heard  many  times  before,  but  tonight  it  was  going  to  have  a  different  ending.
“We  respect  those  who  respect  us  and  we  give  them  water.  We  sweep  aside  all  who  dishonour  us  and  do  not  share  our  water.  We  are  Lakeside.”
The  response  was  automatic  and  they  could  not  stop  themselves,  “we  are  Lakeside.”
“We  share  the  water,  we  share  our  lives.  Bless  the  Lake.” 
Earlier,  they  had  seen  Sonia  talking  with  Tanya  and  sharing  her  water  bottle,  so  the  reply  came  easily.  “Bless  the  Lake.”
Walter,  sitting  next  to  Ana,  had  his  eyes  half  closed,  but  suddenly  looked  directly  at  the  bowl.  It  seemed  to  be  different.
“When  one  of  us  hurts,  we  all  hurt  with  her.  We  are  Lakeside.”
“We  are  Lakeside.”
“When  one  of  us  falls,  we  all  fall  with  her.  We  are  Lakeside.”
“We  are  Lakeside.”
“Two  of  us  did  a  wicked  thing  and  were  found  guilty.  We  were  all  guilty.  We  are  Lakeside.”
“We  are  Lakeside.”
“Together  we  all  found  redemption,  two  of  us  found  forgiveness.  Bless  the  Lake.”
“Bless  the  Lake.”
Walter  frowned.  It  was  different.  It  was?  Wet?
“Honour  is  saved,  we  are  worthy  of  our  mother’s  respect.  We  are  Lakeside.”
“We  are  Lakeside.”
“Join  hands.”
It  was  an  order,  not  a  request  and  was  a  break  from  tradition,  but  they  did  as  she  said.
“Sonia  Paquita  Navidad  is  saved,  she  is  worthy.”
They  were  surprised  but  responded,  “she  is  worthy.”
“Conchita  Dolores  San  Miguel  is  saved,  she  is  worthy.”
“She  is  worthy.”
Walter  glanced  up  at  Conti.  He  had  never  heard  her  called  Conchita  before.  When  he  looked  at  the  bowl  again,  his  eyes  opened  wide.  It  was  filling  with  water.
“Only  the  worthy  can  run  the  lake  and  claim  the  man.  We  are  worthy.”
“We  are  worthy.”
Walter  stared.  Were  they  miniature  condensers?  And  if  so,  how  did  they  work?
“Today  we  ran  the  distance  of  many  lakes  and  tonight,  I  say  to  you  all,  that  from  this  very  moment,  in  the  eyes  of  God  in  heaven  and  all  who  witnessed  this  day,  we  are  all  joined  in  marriage  with  Walter  Southgate.”
His  wandering  thoughts  were  dragged  back  to  what  Ana  was  saying  and  he  had  a  brief  panic  attack  as  he  wondered  what  she  had  in  mind,  but  making  physical  demands  on  his  already  tired  body  was  the  last  thing  she  was  thinking  of.
There  was  only  the  crackling  of  the  fire’s  tiny  flames  to  break  the  silence  as  the  Lakesiders  absorbed  the  message  that  Ana  was  delivering,  and  on  the  far  side  of  the  campsite,  the  others  strained  to  make  sense  of  what  they  were  hearing.
She  looked  briefly  round  the  circle,  but  no  one  was  objecting,  so  she  continued.
“We  are  sisters  in  water,  we  are  sisters  in  marriage.  Let  no  one  come  between  us.  We  are  Lakeside,”  and  for  emphasis,  she  loudly  clapped  her  hands  together  once  after  the  last  word.
Still  no  one  objected.  “We  are  Lakeside,  bless  the  Lake,”  and  as  they  all  echoed  Ana’s  single  handclap,  Rachel  and  Jasmina  stared  wide  eyed  at  Walter,  who  was  now  their  ‘husband’,  a  state  of  affairs  that  should  have  been  out  of  their  reach  for  probably  another  year.
Ana  lifted  the  bowl  and  passed  it  on  after  taking  a  sip.  One  by  one  they  all  drank  from  the  bowl,  even  Walter,  after  some  encouragement  from  the  others.

“Well,  that  was  different,”  whispered  Marco  as  the  circle  broke  up.  “any  ideas?”
Sarah  shook  her  head.  “I’ll  ask  one  of  them  tomorrow.  And  there  again,  maybe  not.  Some  things  are  best  left  alone.”
Ana  grabbed  Sonia  by  the  arm  as  she  went  by.  “It’s  a  long  way  home  sister.”
Sonia  agreed,  but  frowned.  “Yes.  So?”
“Seven  nights  I  reckon.  At  least  seven  nights  and  seven  days  to  get  to  know  your  new  family.  You  owe  us  now,  all  six  of  us,  but  you’ve  got  to  change  your  attitude  to  life.  Be  more  gentle  with  everyone.  You  do  realise  that  Cousin  Consuela  can’t  touch  you  after  what  we’ve  done?  Sisters  in  water?  Only  a  blood  oath  is  more  powerful  than  that,  and  probably  only  slightly  more  so.  Comprende?”
Sonia  swallowed  her  sharp  retort  as  Ana’s  words  sunk  in.  She  nodded  slowly,  realising  what  Ana  had  done,  and  the  rest  of  them  had  unwittingly  agreed  to.  They  were  united  in  the  ancient  water  oath  and  were  honour  bound  to  protect  each  other  at  all  times.
“Cunning  little  thing  aren’t  you?”  she  whispered.  “Aiming  to  be  the  next  Cousin  in  Lakeside?”
Ana  shook  her  head  vigorously.  “Not  in  a  thousand  lifetimes.  My  mother,  and  her  mother  before  her  fought  for  a  way  of  life  they  believed  in,  and  I  just  want  peace  and  quiet,  like  they  did.  So  no,  not  Lakeside,  but  we’re  going  to  do  up  the  farm  to  the  South  of  the  lake  and  call  it  our  own.”
“Farmers?  I’m  not  the  farming  type  and  Consuela  won’t  like  it.”
“She  will  when  she  sees  the  profit  we  can  bring  in.”
Sonia  raised  her  eyebrows  in  query  and  Ana  continued.  “It’s  main  crop  appears  to  be  Coffee,  and  we  are  going  to  be  rich.”
“But  what  about...”
“The  lake?  We  will  be  on  the  South  shore,  so  no  problem  there.”  After  a  brief  silence  to  let  Sonia  think  about  it,  Ana  smiled  and  said,  “go  now.  Tell  Conti  what  I  said,  and  I  think  you  should  both  go  and  talk  to  Walter,  and  maybe  sleep  next  to  him  for  a  few  nights.  In  case  he  needs  protecting,  of  course.”
Sonia  did  not  know  what  to  answer  to  this,  so  Ana  leaned  forward  and  kissed  her  on  both  cheeks.  “Go  on,”  she  urged,  “Maria  and  Sophie  are  both  with  child  and  I  think  that  if  you  make  your  peace  with  Walter,  then  you  four  could  be,  should  be,  mothers  as  well  before  next  summer  comes.”
“Four  of  us?”
Ana  nodded.  “Walter  is  turning  out  to  be  full  of  surprises  and  I’m  going  to  see  Rachel  and  Jasmina  now.  They  should  stay  near  Walter  as  well.”
“Not  you  then.  Why  not?”
“Not  my  time  yet.  There’s  too  much  to  do  first.  I’m  happy  for  him  to  teach  me  to  play  chess.”

Chapter  26
The naked warrior
Margo  and  Fizz  had  shared  the  last  watch  of  an  uneventful  night  and  they  gratefully  watched  the  sunrise,  wondering  if  there  was  room  in  the  wagon  for  them.  It  was  still  a  long  way  to  the  relative  safety  of  Altmore,  and  they  were  both  very  weary.
Every  one  of  their  party  was  safe,  even  if  some  of  them  were  battered  and  bruised,  but  Greta  and  the  two  bears  had  their  own  agenda  to  follow,  and  had  left  camp  about  an  hour  before  the  sun  arrived,  so  the  humans  were  on  their  own  again.
Some  were  glad  that  they  had  gone,  and  in  the  end  it  did  not  matter,  as  all  of  them  would  be  reaching  their  destinations  safely,  but  as  the  sun  smiled  on  Margo  and  Fizz,  Southward  towards  Ibis,  Caren Hummingbird  was  planning  a  very  nasty  surprise  for  some  very  unsuspecting  travellers.
Caren  had  lived  in  Burnt  Wood  with  the  wardogs  for  several  weeks  and  being  totally  accepted  by  them,  had  been  awarded  the  dubious  privilege  of  being  allowed  to  see  their  history  books,  which  were  actually  rolls  of  parchment  covered  in  drawings.  They  had  been  made  by  each  successive  leader  of  the  tribe  and  depicted  the  main  event  of  each  year.
When  the  dogs  ran  away  in  shame,  during  the  wolf  attack  on  Homestead,  they  had  left  behind  some  of  the  scrolls.  The  oldest  ones.  And  after  studying  the  earliest  one  for  some  time,  Caren  had  come  to  the  conclusion  that  the  dogs  had  misinterpreted  the  message  that  was  drawn  there,  so  when  she  had  spotted  sign  of  the  dogs  passing  regularly  near  Ibis,  she  had  set  herself  the  task  of  tracking  them  down  and  putting  their  history  right.
It  was  not  easy  sneaking  up  on  a  superdog,  because  they  had  a  superb  sense  of  smell,  but  Caren  had  been  on  a  vegetarian  diet  for  several  days,  which  she  hoped  would  alter  her  scent  enough  to  fool  them  long  enough  to  get  close  to  them.

Walking  along  the  trail  by  the  river,  Bubbles  wiped  the  sweat  from  her  forehead  with  the  back  of  one  hand  and  glanced  round  at  the  clear  blue  skies.  Another  hot  day,  and  not  a  cloud  in  sight  again.
She  wrinkled  her  nose  and  pulled  a  wry  face.  “Is  that  me?”  she  asked.  “Do  I  smell?”
“I  think  we  both  do,”  replied  Daisy.  “It’s  a  long  time  since  I  had  a  proper  wash.”
Bubbles  scratched  her  head  and  examined  her  finger  nails.  “How  long?”
Daisy  shrugged.  “About…”  She  slowly  counted  with  help  from  the  fingers  of  her  left  hand,  then  scratched  her  own  head  as  well.  “Oh,  about  six  weeks  I  think.”
Bubbles  muttered  something  under  her  breath  that  Daisy  didn’t  catch,  then  out  loud,  “come  on,  we’re  going  for  a  swim.”
“Are  you  crazy?  There  might  be  things  in  there.”
Bubbles  had  lived  by  the  sea  as  a  girl  and  had  no  fear  of  the  water,  so  she  smiled  at  Daisy’s  horrified  expression.
“Things!  Like  fish  I  suppose?  Don’t  go  chicken  on  me,  get  undressed  and  get  wet.  We  can’t  go  into  Ibis  smelling  like  a  midden.  Come  on,  last  one  in’s  a  worm.”
Naked  as  the  day  they  were  born,  they  entered  the  river,  Bubbles  quickly  immersing  herself  and  swimming  for  the  far  bank,  Daisy  more  hesitantly  and  only  going  as  deep  as  necessary.

Caren  lay  motionless  under  her  blanket  of  ferns,  breathing  shallowly  and  praying  that  the  wind  in  her  face  would  not  change  direction.  One  by  one  the  wardogs  passed  her  position  without  giving  her  a  second  glance.  The  last  in  line  was  Toldo’s  youngest  daughter,  Presto,  and  as  she  went  by,  Caren  wriggled  as  quietly  as  possible  out  of  the  shallow  depression  she  had  found  and  followed  her.
Presto  gave  a  start  of  surprise  but  then  smiled  as  she  recognised  Caren,  who  winked  at  her  and  took  her  hand.
“Hello,  aunty  Caren,”  said  Presto  quietly.  “You’re  not  supposed  to  be  here,  are  you?”
Caren  shook  her  head  and  whispered,  “no  but  I’ve  come  to  tell  you  another  story.”
Presto’s  eyes   lit  up.  She  had  enjoyed  Caren’s  stories  when  they  had  been  together  in  Burnt  wood.  “Hey!”  she  yelled  suddenly.  “Aunty  Caren’s  going  to  tell  us  a  story.”
There  was  a  brief  moment  of  confusion  with  canine  warriors  seemingly  tripping  over  each  other  and  weapons  being  drawn  and  waved  about  in  a  most  alarming  fashion,  but  Caren  was  pleased  to  see  that  out  of  the  chaos,  several  of  the  wardogs  had  formed  a  wide  defensive  perimeter  around  the  rest  of  the  group  and  were  scanning  the  countryside  for  any  more  surprises.
“There  was  this  dog,  a  bird  and  a  cat,  right?  All  walking  past  a  garden  with  a  woman  standing  in  it.”
“Why?”
“Why  what?”
“Why  were  they  walking  past  the  garden?”
“Because  they  were,  OK?  Just  listen.”
Sticker  shrugged.  This  looked  like  it  was  going  to  be  a  very  unusual  story.
“So,  there  was  this  dog,  a  bird  and  a  cat …”
“You’ve  already  said  that.”
She  scowled  at  him  and  he  changed  his  mind  about  speaking  again.
“And  the  woman  said,  ‘I  need  all  these  cabbages  taking  into  my  kitchen.’ ”
“Typical.”
“Bet  it  was  Ma  Nesbitt.”
“Never  said  please  or  nothing.”
“WILL  YOU  SHUT  UP.”
The  dogs  flinched  and  went  silent.
“Thankyou.  Now,  to  recap.  Dog,  bird,  cat,  cabbages  and  kitchen.  Right?”
There  was  silence  as  the  dogs  decided  that  Caren  was  not  appreciating  their  contributions  to  the  story.
Caren  continued,  “so  the  dog  looked  at  the  cabbages  and  the  kitchen  door  and  said,  ‘sorry  to  disappoint  you  madam,  but  it  is  well  known  that  we  wardogs  do  not  enter  doorways  that  still  have  doors  attached  to  them.’ ”
The  dogs  all  nodded  wisely  and  muttered  their  agreement.
“Then  the  bird  looked  at  the  cabbages  and  the  kitchen  door  and  said,  ‘sorry  to  disappoint  you  madam,  but  it  is  well  known  that  a  bird  of  my  stature  is  far  too  tall  to  pass  through  such  a  low  doorway.’ ”
Most  of  the  dogs  scowled  and  one  or  two  snarled  softly  as  they  realised  that  Caren  was  referring  to  Cilla  the  ostrich,  who  was  known  to  the  dogs  as  ‘the  killer  chicken’.
“Then  the  cat  stretched,  then  yawned  and  said,  ‘me?  How?’ ”
There  was  a  long  silence  as  the  dogs  thought  over  this  very  strange  tale.  Then  Tag  coughed  politely  and  turned  to  Toldo.  “That  was  interesting.  Reminds  me  of  the  time  I  was  dying,  about  two  years ago.”
Toldo  gave  a  vague  shake  of  his  head,  so  Tag  continued.  “I  had  such  pains  in  my  stomach  but  that  Tilly  Vorden  cured  me  with  a  cabbage.”
Toldo  groaned.  “Oh  yes,  and  the  cure  was  worse  than  the  illness.  Worse  for  us.”
Caren  looked  from  one  to  the  other  in  dismay.  This  was  not  going  to  plan.
“I  had  to  eat  a  whole  cabbage,  washed  down  with  cabbage  soup.”  He  shuddered  at  the  memory.
“And  then,”  said  another.  “If  I  remember  right,  you  farted  your  way  through  the  night  and  nearly  killed  us  instead.”
“But  what  a  relief  for  me,”  said  Tag  rubbing  his  stomach  meaningfully.
“Cats  can’t  speak,”  said  Presto  with  a  very  serious  expression.
Caren  smiled.  “Well  spotted  young  warrior,  but  birds  can  speak,  one  particular  bird,  anyway.  A  very  clever  bird.”
“We  don’t  like  to  talk  about  it,”  said  Toldo,  trying  not  to  look  Caren  in  the  eye,  who  replied,  “but  you  will  today.”
She  took  the  cap  from  the  end  of  the  tube  she  was  carrying,  and  took  out  the  dog’s  oldest  picture.  “Today,  we’re  going  to  talk  about  this.”
Toldo  was  indignant.  “You’ve  no  right  to  hold  that.  It’s  ours.”
“But  you  left  it  behind,”  Caren  said  slyly.  “When  you...”  The  dogs  flinched  as  they  anticipated  the  words,  ‘ran  away.’  “…  went  for  help.  And  now  I  am  returning  it  to  you.”  She  noticed  the   relieved  expressions  on  some  of  their  faces  and  continued  with  a  smile,  “the  rest  of  them  are  at  Toogood  farm  near  Ibis.  You  can  collect  them  on  your  way  past.”
“We  might  not  be  going  that  way,”  said  Tag,  slowly.
“But  you  might  be  as  well.  One  day.  Quite  soon.”
Ignoring  any  more  protests,  she  spread  the  picture  on  the  ground  and  hesitant  hands  held  the  corners  down  for  her,  and  she  pointed  to  the  different  scenes  as  she  spoke.
“This  is  the  start  of  your  great  journey  to  freedom.  Leaving  the  Ruby  house,  going  over  the  river  and  through  the  forests.”
“We  know  all  this,”  sneered  Toldo  who  was  getting  annoyed  with  Caren’s  attitude.
“Presto?”  The  youngster  looked  up  in  surprise  as  Caren  spoke  to  her.
“What’s  your  favourite  game?  Apart  from  fighting  with  the  boys.”
Presto  looked  down  as  she  whispered  the  answer.  “Mr  Wolf.”
“What  nonsense  is  this?”  demanded  Toldo.  “Children’s  games?”
“I  know  why  you  play  Mr  Wolf.  Say  the  words,  Presto.”  urged  Caren.  Then  to  Toldo,  “keep  quiet  and  learn.”
“Keep  quiet?  You  dare…”
Caren  raised  her  voice  and  snarled,  “if  Flair  was  here,  she  would  listen,  and  she  would  learn.  Why  shouldn’t  you  as  well?  Are  you  less  intelligent  than  your  wife?”
Toldo  backed  down  and  Caren  urged  Presto  to  speak.
“Where  are  we  Mr  Wolf?”
Caren  pointed  to  the  picture  and  chose  a  dog  at  random.  “Say  it.”
“Leaving  the  house  my  cousins.”
She  pointed  again.
“Crossing  the  river  cousins.”
And  again,  this  time  choosing  Tag.
“Passing  a  tree.”
This  time,  her  namesake,  Tag’s  wife.
“Climbing  a  hill  cousins.”
And  finally  Toldo.
“In  the  desert  cousins,”  he  said  grudgingly,  but  finished  it,  “kill  the  bird.”
There  was  a  brief  silence  as  they  all  tried  to  understand  where  this  was  leading.
“Fourteen  of  you  left  the  Ruby  house,”  said  Caren,  pointing  to  the  small  figures.
There  were  cries  of  outrage  as  the  dogs  disagreed,  but  eventually  Caren  quietened  them  enough  to  carry  on.
“And  when  they  reached  the  desert,  there  was  no  food,  except  for  the  lanky  chicken,  who  could  eat  anything.  Then  your  cousins  the  wolves  persuaded  three  of  you  to  kill  the  bird.  It  was  all  her  fault,  they  said,  and  those  three  dogs  died  beneath  her  mighty  claws.”
“You’re  close  to  feeling  my  claws  as  well,  cousin,”  snarled  Toldo.
“Do  you  want  to  live  with  a  false  past  and  no  future,  or  do  you  want  to  learn  the  truth  about  your  glorious  history  and  gain  a  new  life?”  She  stared  back  at  Toldo,  her  gaze  never  wavering.  “I  am  not  challenging  you,”  she  stated  firmly.  “I  had  plans  to  play  a  very  serious  game  with  you  all  after  this,  but  if  you  like,  we  can  make  it  just  you  and  me,”  and  she  fingered  the  knife  at  her  side.
Toldo  was  about  to  speak  when  Tag  grabbed  his  arm  and  pulled  him  to  one  side,  whispering  in  his  ear.  Tag’s  words  had  the  desired  effect,  or  perhaps  it  was  Caren’s  unnerving  grin  that  swayed  him,  but  Toldo  said  nothing  more.
“I  speak  for  the  clan,”  said  Tag.  “You  may  continue.”
“Thankyou.  Three  of  your  clan  died,  so  the  remaining  seven  chased  away  the  killer  chicken,  but  when  they  returned  it  was  to  find  the  three  wolves  eating  your  fallen  dead.”
“Pardon  me  for  interrupting  this  fine  tale,”  said  Grinder,  “but  these  numbers  are  all  wrong.  Surely,  we  can  count  as  well  as  you,  and  we  have  seen  this  history  more  times  than  you  have.”
Caren  nodded  her  agreement.  “We  are  all  intelligent  beings  and  your  counting  is  as  good  as  mine,  I’m  sure,  and  with  your  excellent  sense  of  smell,  you  can  track  a  cabbage  fart  back  to  it’s  owner  without  even  trying.”
There  were  several  sniggers  and  sidelong  glances  at  Tag.
“But.”
They  looked  at  her  expectantly.  
“I  can  see  in  colour,  and  this  dog  here,”  she  pointed  at  the  animal  at  the  front  of  the  pack.  “Appears  to  have  six  legs  and  is  not  a  dog.  It  is  in  fact  a  very  bad  drawing  in  three  colours  of  three  wolves,  and  they  are  being  chased  by  seven  angry  dogs.”
After  the  initial  arguments  died  away  she  continued.  “Wardogs  do  not  run  away  from  danger.  They  retreat  and  wait  until  the  time  is  right,  then  return  and  chase  evil  away.”
“Why  should  we  trust  you?”
“Why  should  you  not?”
“We  can’t  see  what  you  can.”
“Then  taste  the  drawing.  Maybe  the  flavour  of  a  little  of  the  paint  would  show  you  the  truth.”
Presto  suddenly  jumped  up.  “Cats  always  say  miaow,”  she  shouted,  eyes  sparkling.  “I  understand  it  now.  Me  how?  Miaow.”
Eventually  all  the  dogs  understood  as  well,  and  the  tension  drained  away  enough  for  Caren  to  suggest  a  game  of  ‘Mr  Wolf’,  but  for  adults  only.  After  prompting,  Presto  explained  the  rules,  which  were  basic  to  say  the  least.  Everybody  followed  Mr  Wolf  and  asked  him  where  they  were,  and  when  at  last  he  said,  ‘kill  the  bird,’  the  three  at  the  back  of  the  pack  had  to  try  and  wrestle  the  bird  to  the  ground,  before  the  bird  could  do  the  same  to  them,  or  get  away.  Easy.  But  Caren  volunteered  to  be  the  bird  and  she  was  going  to  play  it  the  hard  way.
“This  is  my  bargain  with  you.  When  I  have  put  three  of  you  down,”  she  told  them,  and  there  were  raised  eyebrows  at  her  assured  attitude,  “I  will  run,  and  after  the  count  of  fifty  you  will  try  and  catch  me,  and  if  you  do,  then  you  do  as  you  please  with  me  and  about  what  I  have  told  you  today.  But  if  I  escape  to  the  safety  of  Ibis,  then  you  will  return  to  Homestead  and  make  your  home  there  again.”
“That’s  no  bargain  to  be  entered  into  lightly,”  said  Toldo  solemnly.
“I  know  that,”  answered  Caren,  “but  Ma  Nesbitt  needs  you,  and  she  will  not  be  too  critical  of  you  for  what  you  have  done.”
“You  talk  as  if  you  are  going  to  win,”  said  Toldo  incredulously.  “There  are  sixteen adults  here,  and  it’s  a  long  way  to  Ibis.”
“Well  to  make  it  as  fair  as  possible  for  you,  I  shall  only  have  my  staff.  To  represent  the  height  of  the  bird.”  and  so  saying,  unbuckled  her  belt  and  passed  it  to  Presto  who  caressed  the  sword  and  knife  with  loving  fingers.
If  only  they  had  known  of  her  prowess  in  the  kendo  ring,  they  would  never  have  entered  into  such  a  one  sided  affair  so  willingly,  and  now  she  had  rid  herself  of  the  deadweight  of  her  sword  belt,  she  was  confident  of  outpacing  them  as  well.
The  game  started  well  for  the  dogs,  as  they  replayed  the  game  of  their  childhood  days,  laughing  as  they  jostled  for  position  after  every  question  and  answer,  and  all  hoping  to  be  at  the  back,  where  Caren  was  calmly  following  them,  when  the  right  time  came.  Presto  was  at  the  front  being  ‘Mr  Wolf’  and  she  solemnly  told  them  where  they  were  when  asked.  Forest,  hill,  rock,  forest  again,  and  finally,  “in  the  desert,  KILL  THE  BIRD.”
Whirling  round,  Grinder,  Kettle  and  Clock  were  expecting  to  charge  at  Caren  but  their  howls  of  glee  changed  to  cries  of  surprise  and  pain  as  Caren  was  already  upon  them.  Kettle  was  first  to  feel  the  force  of  Caren’s  attack  as  she  tripped  him  up  and  whacked  him  across  his  shoulders,  then  she  reversed  the  staff  and  drove  it  hard  into  Grinder’s  stomach.  Clock  avoided  her  first  thrust  at  his  groin,  but  the  spinning  staff  caught  him  squarely  on  the  head  and  the  sound  of  hard  wood  on  steel  helmet  rang  round  the  clearing.
She  stepped  back  a  pace  and  grounded  the  staff,  as  the  wardogs  gaped  open  mouthed  at  her  and  their  fallen  comrades.
“Must  be  losing  my  touch,  I  think,”  she  said  calmly.  “Did  you  notice,  it  took  me  two  strikes  to  put  him  down.”
She  threw  the  staff  to  Tag  as  she  started  to  walk  away.  “No  cheating  now,”  she  called over  her  shoulder.  “Count  to  fifty  before  you  come  after  me,”  and  she  broke  into  a  run.

“Pssst,  Bubbles.”
Bubbles  was  floating  on  her  back,  gently  sculling  with  her  hands  to  keep  in  place  against  the  slow  current,  and  did  not  at  first  hear  Daisy’s  hissed  warning.  She  heard  at  last  and  turned  her  head  to  see  what  Daisy  wanted,  blinking  the  water  out  of  her  eyes.
“Over  there,”  whispered  Daisy.  “We’ve  got  company.”
On  the  far  side  of  the  river,  a  lone  figure  flitted  between  the  trees,  occasionally  stopping  and  looking  furtively  round  before  moving  on.
“What’s  she  doing?”
Bubbles  squinted  against  the  sun’s  glare,  and  was  about to  reply  that  she  did  not  know,  when  something  else  caught  her  eye.  Something  bright  and  out  of  place  against  the  green  and  brown  of  the  woods.
Red  and  yellow,  there  it  was  again.
“Holy  mother,”  hissed  Bubbles.  “She’s  being  hunted  down.”
Clothed  in  dull  brown,  the  five  hunters  were  given  away  by  the  gaudy  hat  that  one  of  them  was  wearing.
“Pass  me  a  blade.”
Daisy  was  horrified.  “You  can’t  go  over  there,”  she  hissed.
“Now,”  commanded  Bubbles,  and  Daisy  passed  her  the  only  weapon  she  could  reach  without  leaving  the  water.  Tanya’s  precious  sword.
The  river  was  not  too  deep,  so  even  carrying  the  heavy  sword,  she  got  to  the  other  side  without  any  trouble  and  stealthily  dragged  herself  out  of  the  water  at  a  low  place  in  the  bank  where  cattle  came  to  drink.
The  five  wardogs  who  had  picked  up  Caren’s  trail  gave  a  howl  of  triumph  as  three  of  their  companions  emerged  from  the  woods  ahead  of  her.
Breaking  into  a  run,  they  were  quickly  catching  up  with  her,  but  their  joy  was  short  lived  as  Bubbles  emerged  from  the  bushes  on  the  river  bank.
Covered  in  mud,  which  was  liberally  spiced  with  cattle  dung,  she  screamed  her  battle  cry  and  charged  into  their  midst.  Whirling  the  shining  blade,  she  created  a  zone  of  death  around  her  and  the  dogs  fell  back  from  certain  injury  and  possible  death.
Blinking  away  the  mud,  she  swung  the  sword  in  a  vicious  arc  and  the  nearest  dog  just  stood  there,  mouth  open  wide  as  he  gazed  at  the  naked  demon  bearing  down  on  him,  and  waited  for  death  to  claim  him.

Bubbles  was  tall  for  a  woman  of  this  time,  and  Toldo  was  short,  even  by  dog  standards,  which  was  probably  why  he  only  lost  his  beautiful  hat  and  not  his  head.
What  saved  him  from  losing  anything  else  was  the  mud.  The  sword  slipped  out  of  Bubbles’  grip  and  she  fell  over  in  front  of  her  intended  victim.  
Expecting  to  be  attacked  by  the  dogs,  she  was  surprised  when  Caren  helped  her  to  her  feet.
“Nice  one,”  laughed  Caren.
“What  are  you  laughing  for?  It’s  not  funny.”
“Look  at  him,”  said  Caren  and  laughed  again.  “Just  look  at  him.”
Bubbles  looked.
Toldo  was  distraught.  “She’ll  kill  me,”  he  said  sadly,  almost  in  tears.  “Took  her  and  the  kids  ages  to  make  it  and  look  what  you’ve  done.”
He  held  out  the  ruins  of  his  once  proud  hat  for  all  to  see.  “It’s  rags.  Just  rags.”
The  other  dogs  gathered  round,  now  that  the  danger  was  over,  one  of  them  holding  the  sword.  “Where  did  you  get  this?”  she  asked.
“Special  sword  is  this.”
“Historical  even.”
Caren  gasped  in  amazement  as  she  recognised  the  sword  from  her  dream.
“It’s  Tanya’s,”  she  breathed.  “She  gave  it  to  me  in  a  dream.”
“It’s  in  our  history  pictures,”  said  Toldo.  “It’s  from  Valencia.”
“The  queen’s  sword,  that  was,”  said  another.
Caren’s  head  was  whirling  with  what  she  now  recognised  as  the  events  in  her  prayer  book.  She  stared  at  Bubbles,  covered  in  mud  and  cow  dung.  “The  naked  warrior,”  she whispered.  “and  the  queen’s  sword.  Well  I  didn’t  imagine  it  would  be  like  this,  but  welcome to  the  house  of  Hummingbird.  Whoever  you  are.”
Bubbles  gave  a  start  of  fear  and  a  yelp  of  surprise  as  a  firm  hand  grasped  the  left  cheek  of  her  buttocks.
“Nice  arse,”  growled  Tag.  “Wanna  play  chase  the  chicken?”

So  Caren  Hummingbird  was  coming  to  terms  with  losing  Denny,  her  lifelong  friend  and  adopted  sister,  and  was  happy  that  she  had  found  her  ancestors,  Marco,  Tanya  and  Bubbles.  
Also,  Tanya  was  well  on  the  way  to  being  restored  to  her  rightful  place  at  Toogood  farm  and  what  became  known  as  the  ‘Sali  Vorden  affair’  slowly  drew  to  a  close.
But  before  that  strange  Summer  ended,  the  seeds  of  new  adventures  were  sown  in  all  corners  of  Spangerland,  and  even  as  Tanya  and  her  rescuers  arrived  in  Altmore,  the  biggest  misunderstanding  of  all  time  was  happening  in  the  East,  at  Algar  Springs.

The  gate  swung  open  to  allow  the  travellers  in.  
“What  news  then?”  asked  Ginny  Brand.  “Is  it  true?”
Sister  Belle  River,  previously  known  as  Basher,  climbed  down  unsteadily  from  the  saddle  and  shook  her  legs  experimentally.  “True  enough.  Damn,  but  I  hate  horses.  And  if  you  try  to  bite  me  just  once  more,”  she  was  speaking  now  to  the  wild  eyed,  black  horse,  “I’ll  make  you  wish  you  were  dead  again.”
She  passed  the  reins  to  Lily,  who  had  dismounted  gracefully,  and  with  ease.  She  liked  horses,  liked  them  a  lot,  and  she  led  hers  and  Belles  mounts  to  the  new  stables.
Belle  warily  watched  them  go,  making  sure  that  her  contrary  beast  was  not  going  to  try  and  kick  her,  then  continued,  “Glen  cremated  her  at  Lakeside,  and  they  are  taking  her  bones  back  to  Ibis.”
Ginny  shook   her  head  with  a  sad  expression.  “Pity,  I  liked  Tanya  Vine.”
Belle  smiled  and  opened  her  pack.  “Got  you  this  though.”  and  she  held  up  the  necklace  that  she  had  stolen  from  Lakeside’s  wagon.
“What  is  it?”
“Tanya’s  hair  and  toes.  Do  you  think  this  will  be  enough  to  bring  her  back?”

Here  ends  book  2
Thankyou  for  getting  this  far  and
I  hope  it  was  not  too  painful  for  you.
Part  3  is  in  progress,
in  which  Hood  makes  a  dreadful  mistake
and  the  Cycle  is  complete
