The  Cycle  of  Life
Part  1
The  rise  and  fall  of  Tanya  Vine
By  Hannah  Jade  Robinson
Copyright  2011  by  H  J  Robinson
Smashwords  edition
All  characters  in  this  publication  are  fictitious
and  any  resemblance  to  real  persons,
living  or  dead  is  purely  coincidental
Published  by  Hannah  J.  Robinson  at  Smashwords
This  ebook  is  licensed  for  your  personal  enjoyment  only.
This  ebook  may  not  be  re-sold  or  given  away  to  other  people.
If  you  would  like  to  share  this  book  with  another  person,
please  purchase  an  additional  copy  for  each  recipient.
Thankyou  for  respecting  the  hard  work  of  this  author.
Chapter  1
Time on our hands
For  ten  years,  Sendor  Long,  Husband  and  Father  to  Hummingbird  Tower,  had  supervised  the  dismantling  and  thorough  analysis  of  a  strange  vessel  that  had  appeared  overnight  on  the  site  of  the  new  tower  he  was  building  higher  up  the  slope  of  Slate  mountain.
The  small  craft  was  not  aerodynamic,  and  had  no  obvious  propulsion  system,  but  was  totally  encased  in  a  plastic  type  material  and  was  air  tight.  It  was  removed  to  the   Hummingbird  factory  unit  where  it  was  dismantled,  away  from  the  prying  eyes  of  their  competitors,  and  slowly  it  gave  up  it’s  secrets.  Where  there  should  have  been  an  engine  of  some  sort,  was  a  compressed  mass  of  various  metals,  which  also  gave  up  it’s  secrets to  the  micro  scanners  and  macro  scavengers  in  the  Hummingbird  plant.
The  vessel  was  obviously  of  earthly  origin  with  mostly  standard  components,  and  only   the  motor  unit  was  a  mystery  to  Sendor  and  his  robotic  team  of  investigators.  It  slowly  became  clear  that  this  was  a  craft  built  for  time  travel.  Eventually,  a  replica  time  slip vessel  was  built  with  an  enhanced  logic  core  to  give  a  greater  IQ  and  navigation  factor.  After  twelve  trial  runs,  it  was  found  that  powering  away  from  the  time  drive’s  start  up  date  was  less  efficient  in  fuel / years  ratio  than  returning,  and  the  girls  in  the  Hummingbird  household  called  it  ‘Never  Look  Back’  after  the  dance  troupe  from  La  Via  that  had  entertained  them  last  Spring.
It’s  official  name  was  ‘Hummingbird  One’,  which  the  girls  thought  was  rather  dull.
Caren  and  her  adopted  sister  Denzil  Sazgood,  had  made  six  successful  trips  in  the  Never,  and  were  now  due  to  slip  366  years  into  the  past  to  observe  the  last  and  final  appearance  of  Halley’s  comet.
That  was  to  be  in  the  morning,  but  on  the  last  afternoon  before  the  trip,  they  were  fighting,  and  even  after  10  years  together,  ever  since  Denny  had  been  sent  to  live  at  Hummingbird  tower  by  the  new  mistress  of  Guardian’s  Nest,  Caren  could  still  not  figure  out  what  Denny  would  be  doing  next.  Her  expression,  as  always,  was  totally  unreadable.
Caren’s  armour  groaned  and  pulsed  with  a  deep  blue  light  as  Denny  scored  another  hit  on  her  left  arm.  Much  more  of  this  and  the  elbow  joint  would  seize  up  automatically.
“Forty  two  percent,”  said  the  watching  umpire,  quoting  from  her  vid  screen.
But  as  Denny  danced  back,  she  got  the  worst  of  the  exchange  when  Caren  thrust  her  stave  into  the  ground  and  launched  into  a  flying  kick,  making  solid  contact  with  Denny’s  helmet.  The  helmet  lit  up  red  and  the  contest  was  over.
Behind  the  plaz  screens,  the  small  but  knowledgeable  audience  applauded  as  the  perspiring  girls  were  ushered  out  of  the  ring  by  Amber,  their  kendo  mistress.
They  were  watched  by  Caren’s  younger  half  brother,  Ari  who  had  appreciated  every  spin,  thrust  and  parry  the  two  girls  had  made.  As  a  male,  he  would  never  be  allowed  to  take  part  in  physical  sport  like  that,  but  could  only  watch  longingly,  from  behind  the  safety  of  the  screens.
“Nice  move  Cas,”  he  said  smiling,  as  he  slid  her  leg  shields  off.  “You  OK,  Denny?”
“Crafty  sod,  never  seen  her  do  that  before.  Going  to  have  a  good  headache  later.”
“Sorry,  Den.  Got  tired  of  losing  all  the  time.  Had  to  win  this  one,  it’s  going  to  be  spears  next  week  and  that  will  be  yours  I  guess.”
“Or  ours  if  they  make  it  pairs,”  added  Denny.
“Mmm.”  Caren  nodded.  “Anyway,  confession  time.  It’s  too  hard  to  beat  you  without  having  a  few  new  tricks,  and  I  learnt  that  one  from  old  Marnie.”
Denny’s  eyes  opened  wide.  “Marnie?  The  gardener?”
“Guess  that  would  explain  it,”  replied  Ari,  “she  was  Eastern  champion  for  years.  Well  before  your  time  love.”  He  started  unlacing  Denny’s  body  plates,  “need  any  help  getting  rid  of  that  headache  you’re  going  to  have  later?”
She  put  her  hand  to  his  cheek,  “Is  it  my  head  you’re  interested  in?”  she  asked  him  with  a  smile,  “because  if  it  is,  then  the  answer’s  no.  I’m  my  own  physician,  aren’t  I?”
“Not  your  head,  dearest,”  he  confessed,  “after  prayers?”
“No  marathon  though,  big  day  tomorrow  and  we  have  to  have  an  early  night.  OK  Cas?”  
Caren  shook  her  head.  “Count  me  out,  I’m  going  over  the  launch  programme  again.”
Denny  shook  her  head  in  despair  as  Ari  smiled  his  goodbyes  and  left  them  alone  to  get  showered.
His  value  to  the  family  in  the  next  great  rotation  depended  on  him  staying  healthy  and  whole.  In  less  than  a  year  he  would  be  living  the  role  of  suitor  to  the  Deerward  women,  and  would  probably  be  a  father  to  several  children  before  he  was  twenty.  He  closed  his  eyes  at  the  thought  and  said  a  silent  prayer.
“Lady  of  the  night,  let  there  be  sons  in  my  house.”

The  security  drones  kept  a  silent  watch  over  the  dark  tower  during  the  long  night  until  the  first  bird  calls  of  false  dawn,  when  the  damned  birds  woke  up  the  sleepers  on  the  East  side  first.  Prayers  that  morning  were  read  by  the  head  of  the  house,  Sylvine  Hummingbird,  who  was  now  the  oldest  surviving  mother  of  the  clan  since  her  sisters  Margarita  and  Evangeline  had  died  in  the  floods  three  years  before.
She  read  to  the  assembled  family  from  the  book  ‘Mother  and  Lady’,  which  was  not  the  original,  (lost  when  the  Valley  tower  was  gutted  by  fire)  but  one  of  the  first  copies  ever  made  and  jealously  guarded.
“In  the  dark  times  of  the  new  beginning,  the  hooded  company  were  beset  by  cares  and  confusions,  but  were  true  to  one  another.”  She  stressed  the  last  few  words.
“Each  dawn  brought  a  new  day  of  trial  and  test,  but  they  were  true  to  one  another.”  Closing  the  book  gently,  she  looked  over  her  family.
“We  can  do  no  less  than  walk  in  the  footsteps  of  the  first  twelve  knights  of  the  forest,  who  were,  first  and  foremost,  true  to  one  another.  As  you  know,  we  have  been  in  discussion  with  the  other  families,  and  before  this  year  has  ended,  our  son  Ari  will  be  a  Deerward,  and  we  shall  be  welcoming  a  new  Son  and  Husband  from  Lakeside.  It  has  been  decided  that  Julio  San  Miguel  will  be  coming  to  us.  Trying  times  indeed.”
A  low  muttering  spread  across  the  dining  room.
She  raised  her  voice  “Silence  and  respect  at  this  time,”  and  as  the  noise  abated,  finished  with  the  eternal  plea,  “Lady  of  the  night,  we  thank  you  for  letting  us  see  this  new  day,  and  pray  that  we  may  walk  in  your  shadow  again.”
The  rest  responded,  “Hasta  la  vista,”  and  the  gathering  broke  up  with  the  words,  “anybody  but  him  -  arrogant  -  unfair  -  not  doing  it  with  me  -  better  off  keeping  Ari,”  being  heard  from  the  groups  of  older  girls  and  women.
Denny  frowned.  “Can’t  see  him  being  a  problem  for  you  and  me  somehow,  Cas.”
“Fortune  telling  again,  sweety?”  Caren  asked.
“Mmmm.  Don’t  feel  that  he’s  going  to  be  the  father  of  our  children,”  was  Denny’s  slow  reply.  Denny  had  great  intuition  and  had  been  right  on  more  than  one  occasion.
“Let’s  hope  that  you’re  right,”  replied  Caren  fervently.  “Don’t  want  him  in  my  bed.  Or  house  even.”  She  had  seen  Julio  twice  and  had  not  been  impressed  with  his  attitude  towards  his  family.

Breakfast  was  a  noisy  affair  with  most  of  the  67  residents  in  attendance  for  the  promised  appearance  of  the  long  awaited  porridge  and  honey.
“Not  a  potato  in  sight,”  said  Ari  with  a  great  smile,  as  he  supervised  his  younger  sisters  in  clearing  away  the  last  of  the  dishes.  Caren  and  Denny  had  already  left  for  the  underground  laboratory  where  the  Never  Look  Back  was  sited,  waiting  for  their  arrival.
Denny  stared  unblinking  into  the  scanner  and  whispered  to  the  door,  “open  please.”
After  a  brief  pause,  she  was  recognised  and  the  door  slid  open.  They  entered  the  first  chamber  hand  in  hand,  then  went  down  to  the  changing  rooms  where  they  were  helped  into  overalls  by  the  lab  assistant,  Vanda.  She  walked  with  them  to  the  time  floor  where  Sendor  and  Wilma  were  fussing  about  the  grey  vessel.
“Ah,  Denny,  Caren,  we’re  nearly  ready  for  you,  less  than  an  hour  to  launch,  I  think.”
“Shall  we  go  aboard  now  papa?”
“Yes,  I  think  that  would  be  best,  then  you  can  double  check  the  final  plot.”
They  both  kissed  Sendor  and  entered  through  the  cabin  door.  It  closed  behind  them  and  Caren’s  pulse  was  racing  by  the  time  she  eased  herself  into  the  navigators  seat.  Naturally,  with  her  being  ‘different’  and  not  easily  given  to  panicking,  Denny’s  heart  rate  didn’t  alter  at  all,  and  she  was  totally  at  ease  as  she  took  the  pilot’s  chair.
“In  position  and  ready.”  She  eventually  announced  to  the  ground  crew,  who  were  now  in  the  control  gantry  above  them.
“I  hear  you  and  respond.”  Came  the  reply  from  Wilma,  who  was  checking  her  duplicate  gauges.  “Start  overlap  sequence  when  ready  please,  Denny.”
They  began  the  sequence  they  had  successfully  completed  six  times  before.
“Panel  alive  in  all  quadrants,”   said  Caren,  scanning  her  instruments.
“I  concur,”  replied  Denny.
“Gantry concurs.”
“LOGIC  CONCURS.”
“Cells  at  maximum  capacity.”
“I  concur.”
“Gantry  concurs.”
“LOGIC  CONCURS.”
“Slip  drive  in  yellow  phase.”
“I  concur.”
“Gantry  concurs.”
“LOGIC  CONCURS.”
“Activate  navigation  program.”
“Activating”
The  gantry  was  ominously  silent.
“LAUNCH.”
“What?”  exclaimed  Denny  in  astonishment.
“Chiggers!”  Spat  out  Caren.  “It’s  never  done  that  before.”

Sendor  frowned  as  the  time  machine  turned  blue  and  disappeared  in  a  swirl  of  dust.
“What  was  that?”  he  demanded.
Wilma  looked  up  from  the  scope.  “What  was  what?”  she  asked  and  then  went  wide  eyed  and  swore  under  her  breath.  “They’ve  gone!”  Then  she  noticed  the  dust  cloud  settling  onto  the  normally  spotless  floor.  “Vanda,  where’s  that  dust  come  from?”
“It  was  cleaned  last  night,  same  as  always.”  Vanda  replied  instantly,  taking  a  hand  held  analyser  from  the  desk.  “Shall  I?”  she  queried.
Wilma  nodded  and  Vanda  went  down  to  the  time  floor  to  take  a  sample  of  the  dust.
“Cobalt,”  she  said,  then  quieter,  “cobalt?”
She  finally  looked  up  at  the  gantry  where  Sendor  was  watching  her  from  the  window.  “Traces  of  cobalt,”  she  called  up  to  him.
“That’s  in  the  drive  core,  isn’t  it?”  asked  Wilma,  frowning.
He  didn’t  manage  to  reply,  as  a  siren  started  to  wail  and  a  warning  message  echoed  round  the  complex.
“Warning.  Warp  drive  detected.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor  immediately.”
Vanda  raced  up  the  stairs  as  the  message  was  repeated  and  she  gratefully  slammed  the  security  door  behind  her.
“That  was  quick,”  Wilma  gasped.  “They’re  programmed  for  at  least  an  hour,”  and  she  lowered  her  head  to  the  warp  scope  again.
After  altering  some  settings  a  couple  of  times  she  said,  “it’s  changed.”
“In  what  way?”  asked  Sendor.
“Brighter  signal,  and  on  a  lower  wavelength.”  Then  she  turned  to  him  and  said  slowly,  “I  don’t  think  it’s  ours.”
Sendor  turned  instantly  and  thumped  an  emergency  button,  locking  the  lab  doors  and  bringing  the  shutters  most  of  the  way  down  until  the  gantry  windows  were  almost  completely  covered.  Outside,  the  security  drones  would  be  arming  themselves  and  going  to  assigned  positions,  but  what  they  would  be  capable  of  against  the  unknown,  none  of  them  knew.
“Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival.”
Soft  blue  lightning  crossed  the  time  floor,  and  there  it  was.  Or  rather,  they  were.  Appearing  through  the  heat  haze  were  two  stubby  machines,  dark  green  and  stained  with  brown  and  black  streaks.  One  of  them  was  static,  but  the  other  sped  erratically  round  the  walls  of  the  huge  laboratory  before  coming  to  rest  beside  it’s  twin.
“Wave  form  building.  Launch  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.”
Then  they  were  gone.
On  the  gantry,  everyone  had  been  shocked  into  silence.  Eventually,  Sendor  breathed  a  sigh  of  relief  and  said  quietly,  “Thank  heavens,  they  have  gone.”
“Warning.  Warp  drive  detected.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor  immediately.”
“Looks  like  they’re  coming  back,”  muttered  Vanda,  as  she  stepped  away  from  the  window.
Wilma  looked  into  the  scope  again.  “Different.”
“I  shan’t  even  ask,”  retorted  Sendor.
“Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival.”
The  lightning  was  still  blue,  but  richer,  darker,  and  the  massive  machine  that  followed  it  was  long  and  sleek,  like  a  giant  spear  head.  Coming  to  rest  in  the  centre  of  the  floor,  it  sat  on  six  spidery  legs  and  in  the  side  of  the  vessel  a  hatch  opened,  from  which  an  enormous  figure  appeared  and  looked  around.
There  were  gasps  of  surprise  from  all  in  the  control  room,  and  Vanda  could  be  heard  praying  fervently,  and  she  was  convinced  that  her  prayers  had  been  answered  when  the  creature  returned  inside  and  the  hatch  closed.
“Wave  form  building.  Launch  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.”
“What  the  hell  have  we  done,”  gasped  Wilma  as  the  alien  craft  disappeared.
“We’re  going  to  need  a   better  defence  system,”  whispered  Sendor.
“Warning.  Warp  drive  detected.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor  immediately.”
“Lady  preserve  us,”  mumbled  Wilma.  “Here  we  go  again,”  and  shook  her  head  as  she  looked  up  from  the  scope  again.  “Still  not  ours.”
Vanda  slid  to  the  floor  against  the  wall  and  covered  her  head  with  her  arms,  not  wanting  to  be  there.
“Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival  imminent.  Clear  the  floor.  Arrival.”
Wilma  was  right,  it  wasn’t  theirs,  but  it  was  very  similar.  Same  size,  slightly  different  shape  but  with  extra  bits  seemingly  stuck  on  at  random  all  over  the  hull.
As  the  haze  cleared,  they  saw  a  hatch  open  and  a  woman  step  out.  She  was  dressed  in  black  boots  and  kilt  with  a  faded  pink  tunic  under  a  chain  mail  byrnie  supported  by  a  wide  leather  belt.  An  outlandish  helmet  covered  most  of  her  face  and  she  held  a  sword  casually  in  her  right  hand.
She  looked  round  the  time  floor  and  finally  up  at  the  gantry.  When  she  sheathed  the  sword  and  removed  the  helmet,  Wilma  gasped  in  recognition.
“They’re  back.  It’s  Caren.”
She  threw  open  the  door  and  raced  down  the  steps,  followed  closely  by  Sendor.
“Caren,  darling,”  he  cried.  “What  happened?”  Where  have  you  been?”  He  held  her  at  arms  length  and  studied  her  face.  “You’re  older,”  he  whispered.  “How  long…?”
She  did  not  answer  but  turned  towards  the  machine.
A  man  who  looked  about  forty  and  a  boy  of  about  eight  years  came  out  and  stood  beside  Caren,  who  put  her  arm  round  the  boy’s  shoulders.
“Michael,  this  is  your  grandfather.  Introduce  yourself  properly.”
The  boy  looked  up  into  his  grandfather’s  eyes  and  stated  confidently,  “my  name  is  Michael  Hummingbird,  cum  Southgate  ab  Hummingbird,  and  I  am  pleased  to  meet  you  sir.”  He  held  out  his  hand  and  Sendor  took  it  gently  in  his.
He  was  in  a  mild  state  of  shock.  Less  than  an  hour  ago,  Caren  had  been  only  nineteen,  but  here  she  was,  about  ten  years  older,  and  with  a  son.
At  last,  he  spoke,  “I  have  a  grandson.”
“And  this  is  my  good  friend,  Walter,  he’s  teaching  me  to  play  chess,”  she  said  proudly.  Then  went  on,  but  with  less  composure,  “he  is  from  Lakeside  and  he  is  now  our  Husband.”
After  a  wide  eyed  moment,  her  father  laughed  and  said,  “so  much  for  Julio.  Your  grandmother  won’t  be  happy,  but  I  love  it,  just  love  it.”
Then  his  eyes  flickered  to  the  doorway  and  his  smile  disappeared.  “Denny?”  he  asked  quietly.
Caren  shook  her  head  slightly  as  she  replied,  “it’s  a  long  story.”
Chapter  2
Flight  to  a  new  world
The  Never  Look  Back’s  control  panel  was  now  an  array  of  purple  lights  slowly  pulsing  off  and  on,  and  while  the  view  screens  showed  nothing  but  static,  the  one  ‘real’  window  on  the  ship  was  filled  with  the  rainbow  of  ‘between  times’  which  meant  that  they  really  had  launched.
“What’s  rule  number  one  Caren?”
“We  will  not  panic,  but  I’m  close  to  breaking  it,”  was  the  ironic  reply  from  the  now  redundant  navigator.  The  grey  craft  behaved  as  if  all  was  going  well,  but  the  panel  remained  locked  off  and  none  of  the  override  systems  worked.
“Activate  shutdown  sequence  and  maintain  stasis  point.”
“SORRY,  DENNY,  THAT  WILL  NOT  BE  POSSIBLE.”  replied  the  Never  Look  Back.
“Authority  Sazgood,  primera  nueva,  activate  shutdown  sequence.”
The  Never  apologised  to  Denny  but  still  maintained  that  it  was  not  possible.
“Never,  what  is  our  status  now?”  Asked  Caren.
“ON  COURSE  FOR  TIME  LOCK  IN  17,32  SLIP  HOURS,”  came  the  reply  in  the  ever  calm  voice  of  the  logic  core.  The  two  friends  looked  at  each  other,  mouths  wide  open  in  astonishment.
“17  hours?”  Exclaimed  Denny.  “How  many  ground  years  is  that?”
“3,400  PLUS  OR  MINUS  3,6  FOR  TARGET  DRIFT  AT  THIS  DISTANCE.  CORRELATION  AND  CORRECTION  IN  15  HOURS.”
An  uneasy  silence  followed,   then  Caren  said  quietly,  “How  far  can  we  get  on  these  fuel  cells?”
“5,569  GROUNDSIDE  YEARS   BUT  EFFICIENCY  DETERIORATING.”
“We’re  not  going  home  Denny,  are  we?”  Caren  stated  in  a  voice  that  was  calmer  than  Denny  could  have  expected.
“Never,  what  has  happened  to  the  original  program  for  a  366  year  reverse?”
“PROGRAM  OVERWRITTEN  9,73  HOURS  AGO  BY  MASTER  USER,  MESSAGE  FROM  MASTER  USER  TO  BE  RELAYED  AT  11,30  SHIP  TIME.”
“Master  user?”  Denny  asked,  “That  would  be  your  father,  or  Wilma?”
“I  don’t  know,”  replied  Caren,  “I  just  can’t  think  this  through  yet.”
While  waiting  for  the  promised  message,  they  spent  their  time  checking  the  stores  in  the  cargo  space,  opening  the  crates  and  boxes  at  random.  They  were  only  mildly  surprised  to  find  that  all  the  equipment  to  be  used  for  observing  the  fabled  Halley’s  comet  had  gone,  and  had  been  replaced  by  medical  supplies,  survival  gear  and  books.  Real  reading  books,  not  just  computer  wands,  but  genuine  books  printed  on  wafer  thin  plaz  sheets.
They  returned  to  the  cabin  and  the  message  started  on  the  small  relay  screen  promptly  at  the  promised  time.
A  white  haired  older  woman  addressed  them.  “I  know  you  well,  Denzil  Sazgood  and  Caren  Hummingbird,  and  I  know  what  great  things  you  will  achieve  in  the  years  to  come,  but  first  you  must  put  all  your  doubts  and  fears  aside  and  put  your  trust  in  me  and  in  my  companions,  as  we  put  our  trust  in  the  Lady  of  the  Night.  The  world  is  changing  and  you  are  going  to  help  it  through  that  change.  You  go  this  day  to  collect  some  passengers  from  a  distant  age,  who  will  save  humankind  from  the  edge.  They  will  not  at  first  be  willing  partners  in  this  venture,  as  they  see  their  world  destroyed  around  them,  but  together,  and  only  together,  you  can  restore  the  human  race  to  greatness  again.  I  know  you  both,  and  soon  you  will  both  know  me.  Hasta  la  vista.”
The  two  unhappy  travellers  automatically  mumbled,  “hasta  la  vista,”  in  return  as  the  screen  went  blank.  “Replay  the  message  please,  Never,”  asked  Denny.
“THERE  IS  NO  MESSAGE,  DENNY,”  came  the  reply.
“Oh  Lady,  I  hate  mysteries,”  snapped  Caren.
They  settled  down  to  wait  out  the  remaining  hours  before  they  were  due  to  make  groundside  sometime  around  year  2200,  and  tried  to  imagine  what  they  would  find  there.
The  Never  came  to  rest  on  a  hillside  in  front  of  a  small  cave.  The  vid  screen  came  to  life.  It  was  that  woman  again.  She  gave  them  instructions  to  bury  a  certain  sealed  and  numbered  box  to  the  side  of  the  cave  mouth.  Querying  the  command  brought  no  response,  so  Denny  volunteered  to  go  outside  and  carry  out  the  burial.
Job  done,  she  reboarded  the  Never  which  immediately  launched  again,  but  forward  in  time  and  only  by  seven  ship  minutes.
Invasion
The  solar  system  had  been  infiltrated  somewhere  around  the  year  2120,  and  the  aliens,  called  the  Stream,  had  been  busy  excavating  and  building  for  three  quarters  of  a  century  on  the  side  of  the  moon  permanently  turned  away  from  the  Earth.
In  February  of  the  year  2200,  the  Hood  (series  1  mining  vessel)  was  returning  from  the  asteroids  to  Earth  with  a  full  cargo  of  iron  ore,  nickel  and  other  metallic  goodies  from  the  general  direction  of  Orion,  when  the  first  alien  craft  emerged  from  the  warp  gate  which  had  been  built  underground  on  the  ‘far  side’  of  the  moon.
Surprise  was  complete  and  the  defence  satellites,  mainly  Italian,  only  accounted  for  3  alien  vessels  before  they  were  eliminated.  Likewise,  all  comsats  ceased  to  function  within  hours  of  the  invasion  and  as  the  alien  numbers  increased  and  started  to  land  ground  units,  the  forces  ranged  against  them  began  to  lose  cohesion.  Army  groups  were  decimated  by  unknown  weapons  and  cities  were  left  devoid  of  all  life  forms  as  the  aliens  swept  across  the  continents.
Then  the  Hood  returned.  Being  a  series  1  commercial,  she  had  no  heavy  weaponry,  only  general  mining  equipment,  but  the  crew  were  willing  to  fight,  and,  except  for  captain  and  navigator,  were  sent  dirtside  in  the  nine  shuttles  that  were  fuelled  and  ready  to  go.
Seven  unmanned  probes  were  sent  ahead  to  spread  confusion  amid  the  alien  fleet,  and  all  nine  shuttles  made  landfall  safely  in  Valencia,  Spain.  Could  eighty  eight  miners  make  a  difference?
Captain  Sorensen  and  navigator  Thorson  took  manual  control,  and  guided  the  great  vessel  towards  the  moon.  Hood  herself  was  dedicating  all  her  logic  to  use  the  gravity  loading  system  as  a  weapon,  hurling  her  cargo  in  two  tonne  chunks  at  the  alien  craft  which  were  trying  desperately  to  intercept  her.  The  aliens  could  not  deflect  her  from  her  purpose,  and  no  human  eyes  saw  the  Hood  meet  her  doom  as  she  crashed  into  the  warp  gate,  destroying  it  and  stopping  the  flow  of  alien  craft  from  coming  into  Lunar  orbit.  The  force  of  the  impact  imparted  a  slow  rotation  to  the  moon  and  the  debris  from  the  explosion  gave  it  a  ghostly  halo.  The  Hood,  Sorensen  and  Thorson  were  gone,  along  with  the  threat  of  alien  reinforcements.
At  first,  the  groundside  miners  were  thrown  into  the  fray  as  medics  and  drivers,  but  as  the  months  passed  by,  and  their  numbers  grew  less  due  to  accidents,  illness  and  war  wounds,  the  last  forty  six  of  them  found  themselves  equipped  as  front  line  troops,  in  the  Jalon  Valley  to  the  South  of  Valencia.
All  over  the  globe,  the  alien  machines  rolled  on,  fewer  now  but  still  as  deadly  and  they  were  ranged  against  constantly  diminishing  defence  forces.  After  the  battle  of  Jalon  bridge,  the  able  bodied  miners  numbered  only  twelve,  but  the  tide  of  war's  fortunes  was  turning  and  the  miners  were  directed  to  hunt  down  the  remainder  of  the  enemy  in  their  vicinity.
Hind  and  Hawk  were  Hoods  successors,  series  two  miners,  and  cutting  short  their  operations  in  the  asteroid  belt,  had  arrived  in  Earth  orbit  together.  On  their  journey  home,  there  had  been  time  to  redefine  the  gravity  loaders  control  systems,  and  they  commenced  to  hunt  and  destroy  the  alien  warships,  then  turned  their  attention  to  the  alien  ground  forces,   but  it  was  too  late  for  Hood’s  miners  in  Spain.
Last  stand
Gudrun  and  Marcus  arrived  last  at  the  previously  dug  trenches  between  and  beyond  the  two  modified  crawlers,  which  themselves  were  dug  in  hull  down  and  lightly  camouflaged.
Ricardo  looked  at  Walter  and  raised  his  eyebrows  questioningly.  “Late  again.  Wonder  what  they’ve  been  doing?”  
“We  both  know  the  answer  to  that  one,  and  I  would  have  been  with  them  two  months  ago,  but  can’t  be  bothered  now.  Too  much  effort  just  staying  one  step  in  front  all  the  time.”
“Right  you  are  Walt.  But  things  will  be  different  when  Hawk  and  Hind  get  their  acts  together,”  replied  Ricky.
Walter  was  silent  for  a  moment,  then  cleared  his  throat  and  spat  saying,  “Sooner  the  better.  Can’t  come  quick  enough  for  me.”  The  conversation  died  away  at  that  point  as  both  men  contemplated  their  position.
They  occupied  the  extreme  left  flank  of  the  woefully  short  line,  and  were  expected  to  stop  the  enemy  reaching  the  ‘tank’  to  their  right  before  the  crew  had  launched  their  one  and  only  Squealer  missile  mounted  on  it’s  cradle,  crudely  welded  to  the  crawlers  back.  The  same  set  up  was  in  place  on  the  other  end  of  the  line  with  the  twins,  Billy  and  Peppa  in  the  crawler  and  Simon  and  Marcus  in  the  trench.
Gudrun  joined  the  team  leader,  Margaret  in  the  centre  positions.
“Was  that  for  him,  or  you?”  asked  Margaret.
Gudrun  looked  her  in  the  eyes  and  said,  “For  him,  naturally.  You  wouldn’t  believe  how  calm  he  is  now.”  She  paused  and  smiled,  “But  he’s  so  young,  and  energetic.  It  could  be  my  last  time.”
“Don’t  remind  me  sweetheart.  It’s  not  good  for  morale.”
They  both  laughed  gently  at  the  attempted  humour.  They  all  knew  that  their  chances  of  survival  were  close  to  zero.  If  the  aliens  didn’t  get  them  first,  the  blast  from  the  Squealers  would  probably  be  the  last  thing  they  saw.
They  were  joined  briefly  by  Anton.  On  the  Hood  he  had  been  the  chief  of  security,  but  now,  like  the  rest,  he  carried  a  blast  rifle  and  grenade  launcher,  and  took  orders  from  Margaret.
“Any  news  from  the  Dutch  or  the  English?”
Margaret  shook  her  head.  “Clutching  at  straws  there.  None  of  them  can  get  here  before  dusk  and  the  wee  beasties  will  probably  turn  up  before  noon.”
He  took  a  deep  breath  and  said,  “no  choice  then,  really,  is  there?”  It  was  a  statement,  not  a  query.
“No  choice.  Stop  these  here  or  do  some  damage  and  slow  them  down,  then  the  rangers  can  take  them  out.  It’s  nearly  over,  Tony.  One  more  day  of  this  and  we  can  start  to  pick  up  the  pieces.”   The  big  ex  security  chief  shrugged  his  broad  shoulders  and  moved  back  down  the  line  to  his  position  beyond  Gudrun.
Flymo  and  Graybags  got  the  first  indication  of  the  aliens  approach  when  two  deer  fled  from the  cover  of  the  woods  and  sped  off  to  their  left.
Ricardo,  Walter  and  James  were  nearest  that  side.  “Ware  the  nasties,  left  flank.”  yelled  Jimmy  as  half  a  dozen  large  figures  in  dark  green  body  armour  emerged  from  the  trees.
The  miners  started  up  a  withering  fire  into  the  enemy  group,  but  knew  from  experience  that  they  could  do  little  damage,  only  hope  to  slow  them  down.  Where  were  the  alien  mechanicals  they  had  been  warned  to  expect?  One  armoured  warrior  toppled  over  on  the  rocky  slope  when  two  of  it’s  legs  were  damaged  above  the  third  joint,  but  after  it  had  come  to  a  rest,  it  still  fired  intermittently  at  the  nearest  crawler.
A  familiar  voice  sounded  in  Margaret’s  head  set.  “Extraction  in  three  minutes.”
She  looked  briefly  round  at  Gudrun.  “What?”  She  demanded.
“Retreat  to  cave,  extraction  in  two  minutes  forty  five  seconds.”  It  wasn’t  Gudrun  speaking  then.
“Damn  and  blast,  is  this  a  joke?”  She  said,  mainly  to  herself.
“Extraction  in  two  minutes  thirty  seconds.”
She  made  an  instant  decision  and  screamed  into  the  stick  mike,  “Set  missile  controls  NOW,  and  all  hands  retreat  to  cave  for  evacuation.”  She  was  shouting  to  be  heard  above  the  gunfire  and  whine  of  the  alien  small  weapons,  but  others  had  heard  the  original  message  and  countdown  as  well,  and  were  already  steeling  themselves  for  the  fighting  withdrawal.  Another  alien  was  damaged  and  started  to  stagger  round  in  circles,  spraying  it’s  deadly  flame  at  random.
It  didn’t  go  well  for  the  crawler  crews,  who  had  further  to  go  to  the  cave  entrance.  Billy  was  the  first  to  fall  with  violet  lightning  playing  round  his  lower  back.  His  sister,  Peppa  stopped  to  help  him  and  they  died  together  in  a  flash  of  green  light  as  three  alien  weapons  targeted  them  at  the  same  time.
Four  machines  now  rolled  into  action  from  the woods  and  Margaret  gave  the  verbal  launch  command  while  Flymo  and  Graybags  were  still  twenty  metres  away  from  the  safety  of  the  cave.  The  missiles  were  pre  armed  and  sent  out  their  defensive  magnetic  pulse  immediately  on  launch  which  briefly  stopped  the  enemy  from  functioning,  and  they  detonated  seconds  later  over  the  alien  force,  destroying  the  foot  patrol  instantly  and  damaging  the  mechanicals.  Only  one  mechanical  beast  was  stopped  completely  and  the  other  three,  although  damaged,  continued  through  the  flames  and  up  the  slight  slope  towards  the  cave  mouth  over  the  burnt  bodies  of  Flymo  and  Graham.
Inside  the  cave,  the  eight  remaining  miners  huddled  together  in  a  cloud  of  dust  raised  by  a  rock  fall  which  covered  the  cave  mouth.  James  was  unconscious,  his  face  covered  in  blood  which  was  coming  from  beneath  his  helmet,  and  had  been  dragged  to  safety  by  Walter.
“Extraction  in  one  minute.”  The  only  true  soldier  among  them  was  Simon,  one  of  Hood’s  contingent  of  twelve  marines,  and  he  was  the  first  to  recover  and  check  out  their  surroundings.
All  around  the  cave,  by  the  light  of  his  rifle’s  flashlight,  he  could  see  nothing  but  cave.  “Some  extraction  guys.  Looks  like  we’re  trapped.”
The  rock  barrier  blocking  the  entrance  shifted  as  the  aliens  commenced  firing  again.
“They’re  still  with  us,”  someone  was  heard  to  mutter,  then  they  fell  silent  and  wide  eyed  as  a  spectral  glow  surrounded  them  and  a  grey  shape  grew  out  of  the  cave  wall.
The  Never  Look  Back  was  making  it’s  grand  entrance,  it’s  front  few  metres  in  the  cave,  the  rest  embedded  in  the  rock,  which  had  been  displaced  ‘somewhere  else’.
There  were  to  be  lots  of  theories  about  it,  but  where  that  somewhere  else  was,  no  one  would  ever  discover.
Maybe  Mrs.  Zogblaster  on  the  planet  Zoom  suddenly  found  alien  rocks  in  her  garden  one  morning  and  blamed  it  on  Zip  and  Zap  the  neighbours  kids?  And  then  again,  maybe  not.

A  door  opened  in  the  Never’s  hull  and  the  loading  ramp  slid  down  to  the  ground  as  the  voice  of  their  unknown  rescuer  urged  them  to  board  quickly.
“Sterilization  in  two  minutes  and  fifteen  seconds.  Event  slip  at  minus  ten  seconds.”
Anton’s  voice  boomed  out  and  roused  them  from  their  incredulity.  “Get  on  board  now!  Leave  the  gear  and  move  out.”
Ricky  and  Walter  were  the  last  to  get  up  the  ramp,  and  as  they  heaved  James  through  the  door  it  cycled  shut,  just  as  the  rock  fall  evaporated  under  the  alien  gunfire.
Never  Look  Back  was  still  on  it’s  pre programmed  course  and  the  two  pilots  could  do  nothing  but  observe  and  calculate.  Caren  grimaced  as  she  watched  the  passengers  on  the  screen.  “Ragged  bunch,  aren’t  they?”
Denny  agreed,  and  suggested  that  Caren  should  go  to  meet  them  in  person.
“Why  not  you  then?”  Was  Caren’s  instant  reply.
“Because  you’re  a  Hummingbird,  it’s  your  job  to  greet  guests,  and  they  probably  need  a  human  to  put  them  at  ease  and  show  them  the  recycler.”
Caren  still  stared  into  the  screen.  “Mmmm.  There’s  eight  of  them.  Wonder  what  that’ll  to  do  to  the  housekeeping?”
Denny’s  words  suddenly  registered  in  Caren's  brain.  “What  do  you  mean,  they  need  a  human?  You’re  human  enough  to  show  them  the  toilet.  We  all  have  the  same  body  parts.”  Caren  hoped  that  Denny  would   back  down  and  go  through  to  the  cargo  hold,  where  their  eight  surprise  passengers  were  packed  together.
“They  need  first  aid,  dear  heart,  and  that’s  your  forte,”  Denny  replied  calmly.
Caren  was  still  staring  into  the  vid  screen,  “OK.  I’ll  go,  it’s  best  you  stay  in  command.  Lock  down  when  I  go  through,  and  if  there’s  any  trouble,  use  the  dream  gas  on  us.”
She  rose  and  stood  by  the  cabin  door,  and  when  it  opened  to  Denny’s  request,  she  moved  quickly  through.  The  seven  conscious  miners  turned  their  heads  at  the  sound  of  the  door.  Caren  was  first  to  break  the  sudden  silence,  “Chiggers,  you  stink!”  and  clamped  a  hand  over  her  mouth  and  nose.
“So  would  you  girlie,  if  you’d  been  living  rough  with  us,  instead  of  cruising  on  this  jolly  boat,”  was  the  bitter  reply  from  Simon.
“Who  sent  you,  was  it  the  English?”  Asked  Margaret.
“Who?  No.  Someone  else.”  Caren  looked  intently  at  the  prostrate  form  of  Jimmy.  “What’s  wrong  with  her?”
After  a  moment's  confusion,  Margaret  replied,  “A  rock  fell  on  his  head.”
Denny  was  watching  the  exchange  on  the  screen,  concentrating  hard  on  the  movements  of  the  passengers,  and  her  lips  moved  in  a  silent  plea.  “Ask  her  name.”
Caren’s  face  took  on  a  puzzled  look  for  a  second,  “What  name  do  you  go  by?”  she  eventually  asked.
“Valence,  team  leader  Margaret  Valence,  mining  company  of  Hood.”  Caren’s  hand  fell  to  her  side  and  her  face  bore  an  incredulous  look.  “Hood?”  was  all  she  could  say.
Denny  leapt  from  the  pilot’s  seat,  “not  now  angel.”  Her  commanding  voice  boomed  out  of  the  speaker  plate  startling  the  weary  miners.  “Medico  first,  theology  later,”  then  she  started  ransacking  her  pack  for  her  neglected  copy  of  ‘Mother  and  Lady’.
Caren  recovered  her  wits  and  supervised  as  Jimmy’s  prostrate  form  was  stripped  of  clothing  then  lifted  onto  the  medico.  “Not  a  she,”  she  whispered  in  quiet  confusion  and  changed  the  program  that  would  start  the  auto  medic,  then  gave  the  command,  “analysis  commence.”  The  medico  began  it’s  diagnosis  and  Caren  turned  to  Margaret,  “you  have  a  man.”  It  was  more  a  statement  of  fact  than  a  question,  despite  the  querying  tone  of  the  girls  voice.
Margaret  frowned  in  confusion,  “Well,  yes,  we  do.”
Caren  lifted  her  voice  and  called  to  the  time  machine,  “Never,  how  long  to  landing?”
“5,76  SHIP  HOURS  CAREN.”
“What  time  groundside?”  she  asked,  dreading  the  reply.
“2,100,41  YEARS.”  was  the  short  answer.
Caren  closed  her  eyes  and  a  single  tear  rolled  down  her  cheek.  “Denny?”
“Be  strong,  sister  of  mine,  be  strong,  and  all  will  be  well,”  Denny  answered,  sounding  calmer  than  she  felt,  thumbing  quickly  through  the  little  book.
Caren  turned  to  Margaret  and  her voice  was  unsteady  as  she  said,  “less  than  six  hours  to  journey’s  end.  You  must  prepare  yourselves  for  a  new  life  in  a  world  different  to  your  own.  We  are  now  all  lost  souls,  and  must  be  true  to  one  another.”
“What  the  hell  does  that  mean?”
“It  means,  great  leader,  that  we  go  where  we  go,  at  the  whim  of  another,  and  I  fear  that  I  already  know  what  lies  ahead.”  Caren  didn’t  need  her  prayer  book  to  realise  that  they  appeared  to  be  re-enacting  the  cycle  of  life,  and  wondered  if  she  could  play  her  part  to  the  full.  “Come,  let  me  show  you  the  plumbing.”  The  wonders  of  the  recycling  toilet  were  duly  explained  and  Caren  returned  to  Denny  in  the  cabin.
Denny  was  sitting  on  the  floor  among  the  scattered  contents  of  her  pack,  with  her  eyes  closed  and  holding  the  little  brown  book  in  one  hand,  while  the  fingers  of  her  free  hand  beat  a  slow  tattoo  on  her  knee.  She  didn’t  move  when  Caren  sat  beside  her.  “Do  you  realise  where  we  are  going,  Cas?”
“Burned  Wood,  I  think,”  was  Caren’s  quiet  reply,  “Mother  and  Lady,  about  page  eleven.”
Denny’s  eyes  were  still  shut  tight  and  she  was  close  to  tears  as  she  reached  out  for  Caren’s  hand.  Her  grip  was  fierce  as  she  turned  to  Caren  with  pleading  eyes  and  whispered,  “I  don’t  want  to  be  the  dark  one.”  There.  The  statement  was  made,  and  her  tears  came  at  last  as  Caren  and  her  adopted  sister  wrapped  their  arms  around  each  other.  They  clung  together  till  there  was  quiet  in  the  cabin  again.  Denny  held  Caren  at  arms  length,  “We’re  in  the  cycle,  Cas.”  She  gave  a  deep  sigh  and  quoted  from  the  book,  “One  of  them  was  fair,  and  was  the  angel  of  light.  That’s  you  I  guess,  so  I  must  be  the  other.”  She  shook  her  head,  “Best  get  on  with  it,  I  suppose,”  She  was  getting  back  to  her  normal  cold  calculating  self  again.
“We’ll  be  OK  Den.  The  book  might  not  be  the  whole  truth  anyway.  We’ll  get  through  this  together,”  was  Caren’s  inadequate  philosophical  reply.
Jimmy  the  gunner  was  awake  again  after  less  than  three  hours  in  the  medico,  and  Walter  helped  his  disorientated  workmate  to  dress  again.
“Queer  state  of  affairs  here  Jimmy  boy,  and  no  mistake,”  he  informed  the  groggy  James.  “Seems  like  we’ve  been  picked  up  by  two  guardian  angels,  and  we’re  off  to  Utopia.”  He  nodded  towards  the  two  time  pilots  sitting  in  quiet  conversation  with  Margaret  and  Anton.  “Been  getting  the  lowdown  from  the  girlies  there,  and  it  seems  like  we’re  going  be  popular  with  the  ladies  where  we’re   going.  Need  some  new  blood  or  something.”
The  quartet  in  conference  broke  up,  and  to  the  girls  surprise,  it  was  Anton  who  stood  and  addressed  the  rest.  “OK  troops,  here’s  the  bottom  line,  and  it’s  strictly  weird,  so  listen  up  and  pay  attention.  You  must  have  noticed  that  everything  around  you  is  technologically  different  to  what  we  know.  This  vessel  we  are  in  is  apparently  a  time  machine  from  the  year  5,600,  and  is  going  to  run  out  of  go  juice  somewhere  around  4,300  or  so.  Our  rescuers  are  probably  going  to  be  stranded,  just  as  we  are,  but  our  future  is  already  their  past,  and  they  know  something  of  the  local  situation  where  they  think  we  will  land.  At  least,  that’s  as  I  understand  the  situation.”  He  paused,  “we  have  to  go  unarmed.”  As  expected,  several  negative  voices  were  heard.
“Shut  up  and  just  listen.  These  weapons  are  used  at  our  own  risk,  because  any  use  of  energy  or  chemical  weapons  brings  down  a  thunderbolt  from  above.”
This  brought  laughter,  but  he  raised  a  hand  to  quieten  them,  and  continued,  “it  seems  that  Hawk  and  Hind  have  been  on  standing  patrol  for  two  thousand  years,  and  are  still  throwing  rocks  at  energy  sources.”
The  company  was  silenced  by  the  statement,  each  lost  in  deep  thought,  and  Denny  spoke  up,  “we  have  some  simple  weapons  on  board,  and  if  what  we  believe  is  true,  they  will  be  needed  as  soon  as  we  are  groundside.  The  true  warrior  and  the  skipper  must  go  out  first.”  Eyebrows  were  raised  at  this  last  part,  but  Denny  and  Caren  refused  to  say  more,  only  directing  the  opening  of  the  crates  and  the  distribution  of  the  swords,  bows  and  plaz  armour  they  found  there.  Into  the  crates  in  their  place,  the  unhappy  troop  packed  their  ‘modern’  weapons  of  war,  and  finding  only  two  sets  of  armour  and  helmets,  which  fitted  Caren  and  Denny,  it  was  decided  that  the  rest  would  keep  their  Sundown  armour.
Jimmy  had  immediately  picked  out  one  of  the  three  bows,  and  sat  examining  it  deep  in  thought.  Denny  went  and  crouched  down  with  him.
“You  have  been in  the  medico,  and  I  think  that  the  master  user  has  put  the  knowing  of  this  bow  into  your  mind  while  you  were  under  treatment.”
Jimmy  turned  to  her,  still  caressing  the  stave,  “it’s  like  an  old  friend  I  haven’t  seen  for  a  long  time.”
She  continued,  “when  you  go  out,  go  silent  for  all  will  be  strange  to  you,  and  there  will  be  beasts  of  the  forest   and  they  must  be  slain.  Be  like  one  with  the  bow  and  none  can  stand  before  you.”

The  Never  Look  Back  came  to  her  final  resting  place,  and  when  the  door  was  opened,  they  found  that  they  were  in  the  same  place  that  they  had  left  only  six  hours  before,  but  with  more  than  two  thousand  years  behind  them.  Gudrun  looked  about  the  cave,  waved  the  group  out  into  it  and  when  they  were  assembled,  offered  up  a  prayer.
“Lord,  hear  me  now,  there  were  ninety  brave  souls  on  the  Hood,  and  we  eight  are  all  that  lived  through  the  dark  days.  Now  with  Your  good  grace,  we  are  ten,  and  we  shall  keep  the  law  of  Hood’s  company  and  be  true  to  one  another.  Bless  us  Lord  that  this  might  be  so,  amen.”
The  rest  quietly  murmured  their  response,  “Amen.”
Caren  reached  out  and  drew  Denny  close  to  her,  whispering,  “she  said  it wrong  Denny.  We  know  that  one  word  for  word,  and  it’s  not  like  that,  so  the  book  won’t  always  be  right.”  Denny  gave  her  a  wry  smile.  “You’re  probably  right  sweetie.  Anyway,  I’m  over  it  now.”  She  looked  away  from  her  worried  sister  and  moved  towards  the  cave  mouth  through  the  settling  dust.
Chapter  3
The  Awakening
The  Decan  had  been  at  war  with  the  Pan  for  centuries,  some  even  thought  for  millenia,  but  with  the  Decan’s  disastrous  invasion  of  Earth,  that  war  had  finally  come  to  an  end.  Invasions  were  incredibly  expensive,  and  the  Decan  home  system  had  been  scoured  clean  of  resources  to  make  the  giant  warp  gate  on  the  moon  and  the  assault  ships  which  had  been  launched  through  that  gate  into  Earth  orbit.
Fortunately  (for  mankind)  the  gate  hadn’t  lasted  long,  because  the  Hood,  one  of  Earth’s  three  asteroid  mining  vessels,  had  been  deliberately  crashed  into  it,  but  there  were  to  be  no  medals  for  gallantry,  even  posthumously,  as  society  on  Earth  crumbled  with  the  after  effects  of  the  aliens  biological  weapons.
Birth  rates  had  fallen  to  an  unsupportable  level,  and  humans  were  slowly  being  bred  out  of  existence.  Now,  2,000  years  after  the  invasion,  it  would  take  a  miracle  for  the  human  race  to  survive.
Then  a  scout  ship  of  the  Pan  arrived  and  their  quarrelsome  crew  ignored  rule  number  one  in  the  confederation  statute  book,  ‘thou  shalt  not  interfere’.
Greta  frowned,  and  with  a  forehead  like  hers,  that  was  a  big  frown.  She  had  mind-probed  the  creature  she  was  watching,  and  even  though  it  was  obviously  a  juvenile,  if  that  was  the  best  the  dominant  species  could  do,  it  was  a  miracle  they  were  still  here.  ‘Here’  was  a  blue/white  planet,  third  from  it’s  star,  and  Greta,  with  her  two  companions,  had  stumbled  on  it  by  accident.
Greta  was  a  navigator,  but  only  third  class,  and  wasn’t  qualified  to  be  this  far  from  Craghome,  and  her  pilot  and  engineer  took  great  pleasure  in  reminding  her  of  it,  but  their  home  world  government  had  been  as  near  to  panic  as  anyone  could  remember,  and  all  available  scouts  had  been  called  into  action.  Their  traditional  enemy  had  made  a  surprise  attack  on  the  colony  of  Greystone  Four,  killing  everyone,  destroying  everything  and  stealing  the  library’s  core  memory,  but  lately,  the  blood  sucking  snake  heads  had  ceased  their  constant  nuisance  raids  and  virtually disappeared  from  the  interstellar  scene.  Chameleon  ships  had  been  launched  from  Craghome  in  every  direction  to  find  out  what  had  happened  to  their  old  enemy,  and  to  recover  the  priceless  library.
Angie  Armstrong,  Frances  Thunderhead  and  Gretagast  Horningtower  had  hit  the  jackpot  in  their  ship  Springer  Three.
Despite  their  success,  Greta  wasn’t  happy.  Both  the  pilot  and  engineer  were  constantly  nagging  at  her  about  her  lack  of  certificates  and  her  indecisive  nature,  and  the  journey  she  had  dreamed  about  for  years  was  turning  into  a  nightmare.
Even  her  family  home  of  Horningtower  had  made  it  plain  that  she  wasn’t  wanted.  She  had  two  older  sisters,  so  she  would  not  be  able  to  stay  there  much  longer,  unless  it  was  to  wait  on  her  sisters,  and  be  at  their  constant  beck  and  call.  Better  that  she  should  make  her  own  way  in  an  overcrowded  world  that  she  was  not  prepared  for.
She  winced  as  the  youngster,  a  female  of  the  Manx  form,  threw  another  stone  at  the  animals  she  was  trying  to  move  towards  the  nearby  village.  She  felt  some  sympathy  for  the  animals,  after  all,  they  looked  vaguely  like  her,  and  had  been  seeded  here  4,000  years  ago  by  the  Proudfoot  family.  Their  current  guardian  should  have  been  Billy  Proudfoot,  but  records  showed  that  he  hadn’t  set  foot  on  this  planet,  ever!
Wreckage  from  Stream  ships  was  everywhere  in  this  system,  including  at  least  one  that  was  identified  as  being  from  the  slaughter  at  Greystone  Four.  The  remains  of  the  prison  ship  Lady  Of  Pain  was  here,  so  the  library  could  be  here  as  well.  Unfortunately,  some  of  their  instruments  insisted  that  at  least  one  of  the  enemy  was  still  alive  on  the  planets  surface  as  well,  so  they  had  agonised  for  hours  before  landing  near  this  village,  a  safe  distance  away  from  their  enemy’s  location.  After  all,  no  one  in  their  right  minds  wanted  to  meet  one  face  to  face,  did  they?
After  making  a  quick  reconnaissance  of  the  village,  Angie  and  Frances  left  Greta  watching  the  furless,  clawless,  hornless  Manx  creatures  of  the  village  and  had  headed  North  again  towards  their  chameleon  craft.
A  sound  like  thunder  echoed  off  the  mountains  surrounding  the valley  and  Greta  whirled  round  in  shock  and  amazement.  “They’ve  left  me,  they’ve  left  me”  was  all  she  could  think,  and  she  pulled  her  chameleon  field  cape  tighter  round  her  trembling  body.  Then  common  sense  prevailed  and  she  decided  that  they  had  probably  gone  to  check  the  location  of  their  old  enemy.  Probably.  Maybe?
Down  in  Homestead,  Connie  Nesbitt  looked  up  from  her  omelette.  “Didn’t  expect  thunder  today,”  she  murmured  to  herself.  Then  louder,  “was  that  thunder  Frankie?  I  didn’t  see  a  storm  coming  today.”
Frankie  Vine  the  innkeeper  looked  up  towards  the  dark  mountains.  “Don’t  think  so  Ma,  hope  not  anyway,  our  Tanya’s  gone  to  chase  up  those  stray  goats  in  the  North  meadow.”
Ma  Nesbitt  grimaced,  “shouldn’t  have  to  be  chasing  stock  for  those  damned  tax  collectors.  Biggest  load  of  crooks  I  ever  saw.”
“Got  to  agree  with  you  there,”  replied  Frankie. “Can’t  do  nothing  about  it  though.  Central  would  have  us  for  breakfast  if  we  missed  a  payment.”
“One  of  these  days,”  muttered  Homestead’s  guru  into  her  omelette.
“Shift  your  useless  bodies,  get  a  move  on.”  Tanya  Vine  was  only  ten  years  old  and  her  piping  voice  barely  carried  across  the  meadow.  She  waved  her  thorny  stick  at  the  24  goats  in  front  of  her  but  the  animals  out  of  reach  steadfastly  ignored  her,  and  kept  on  ripping  up  the  lush  grass,  while  the  ones  in  danger  of  a  prickly  surprise  skipped  nimbly  out  of  her  way.
“Alright,  it’s  not  funny  any  more.  You’re  gonna  get  a  stone  up  your  arse  if  you  don’t  behave.”  The  goats  all  came  to  a  sudden  halt.
Tanya  looked  at  the  suspiciously  obedient  goats  in  surprise.  “Well,  that’s  better,”  she  said  to  herself,  “but  why?”
All  the  goats  were  trembling  and  looking  the  same  way,  into  the  wind,  then  Tanya  smelt  it  as  well.  “Flaming  seesaws.  What’s  that?”
She  held  her  thorny  stick  high  and  advanced  to  the  front  of  the  goats,  her  eyes  quickly  darting  left  and  right.  She  caught  sight  of  a  strange  shimmering  in  the  air.
“I  see  you  now  granny  Jenkins.  You’re  dead,  you  are,  and  ghosties  aren’t  allowed  round  here.  These  are  my  goats  now,  not  yours,  so  get  yourself  gone.”  She reached  down  into  her  pocket  of  her  threadbare  trousers  and  grasped  one  of  the  stones  that  had  been  destined  for  a  goats  rear.  The  apparition  showed  no  sign  of  departing  so  Tanya  sent  the stone  on  it’s  way.
“Ouch.  There’s  no  need  for  violence.”
“Granny  Jenkins?”  She  lowered  the  stick  slowly.
“No,  Gretagast  Horningtower,  and  they’re  not  your  goats,  they’re  Billy’s”
Tanya  looked  baffled.  “Some  of  them  are  Nannies  as  well,”  she  said  helpfully.  “Are  you  a  spirit,  Gretter  ghost?”
“Gretagast.  Gretagast  Horningtower,  and  all  these  animals  belong  to  Craghome.”  Greta  let  the  cape  fall  to  one  side,  and  Tanya  quickly  jumped  back  a  couple  of paces,  and  was  on  the  verge  of  fleeing  for  her  life.
“Wow,”  she  said  eventually.  “You’re  the  biggest  goat  I’ve  ever  seen. No  wonder  you  smell  so…  err…  strong.”  She  narrowed  her  eyes  in  sudden  suspicion.  “Hey,  goats  can’t  talk.  I’m  still  asleep  aren’t  I.”  She  let  out  a  nervous  giggle.  “This  is  just  a  dream.”
Greta  looked  intently  at  Tanya.  “No  dream  girl.  Tanya.  I’m  real  enough,  and  here  to  check  that  our  friends  are  being  looked  after  properly.”
Tanya  looked  uncomfortable.  “Aaah,  yes.  What  do  you  mean  by  properly?”
“I’ve  looked  into  your  head  Tanya  Fine,  and  I  am  not  completely  satisfied  with  what  I  see  there.”
“Which  bit  aren’t  you  happy  with?”
“To  be  frank,  all  of  it.  But  one  bit  especially.  Let  me  show  you.”
Tanya  and  Greta  locked  eyes,  and  Tanya  was  drawn  into  the  world  of  the  blood  sucking  monstrosities.  Greta  finally  let  go  and  Tanya  fell  back  onto  the  grass,  shaking  with  the  horror  of  what  she  had  seen.
She  wiped  her  eyes  on  her  shirt  sleeve,  and  when  she  had  recovered,  asked,  “so  all  the  goats  we  send  to  the  temple  at  Central  suffer  like  that?”
Greta  nodded  slowly,  wondering  if  she  had  gone  too  far.  “Yes,  the  monster  turns  their  insides  to  mush  and  sucks  them  dry.”
“Then  it’s  not  a  nameless  god  at  all  like  they  say,  just  a  creature  from  another  world.”
“That’s  right  Tanya  Vine.”  She  got  the  name  right  that  time,  and  decided  that  actually,  she  hadn’t  gone  far  enough.  “Look  into  my  eyes  again,  and  I’ll  give  you  a  gift.  No  it  won’t  hurt,  I  promise.”
Tanya  finally  looked  up  into  the  enormous  slit  pupils  again,  and  Greta  showed  her how  to  communicate  with  the  goats.
“Now  Tanya  Vine,  I  am  making  you  the  goats  official  guardian,  and  it’s  your  job  to  look  after  them  for  me  and  my  sisters.”
“You’re  kidding  me,”  stated  Tanya  in  surprise.
Greta’s  eyes  grew  even  larger.  “What?  Such  language  from  one  so  young!”  she  said  vehemently.  “How  dare  you  use  such  words  so  easily?  Don’t  say  that   again.  It’s  very  rude.”
Tanya  was  baffled  and  surprised  by  the  outburst.  “But  I  only  said...”  she  began.
“Say  no  more  on  the  subject.”  said  Greta.  “You’ve  said  enough.”
Tanya  frowned,  and  then  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “Right,  but  what  about  Mad  Martha’s  tax  collectors?  They’re  coming  for  these  today,  and  I’m  only  ten.  I  can’t  stop  them  by  myself.”
“Well,  let’s  see  if  we  can  arrange  a  little  surprise,  shall  we.”  Greta  drew  the  cape  round  herself  again  and  as  she  stood,  the  goats  formed  up  in  rows,  and  they  all  proceeded  in  an  orderly  fashion  towards  Homestead,  where  Martha  and  her  sergeant,  Filian  Strake,  were  supervising  the  last  minute  collection  of  tribute  from  the  unhappy  villagers.
No  more  sacrifices
Billie  Forster  held  the  huge  hammer  menacingly.  “Now  girlie,  if  you  think  you  can  carry  those  outside,”  she  nodded  towards  the  pile  of  tools,  “with  broken  arms,  of  course,”  she  smiled,  and  it   wasn’t  a  pleasant  sight.  “Then  feel  free  to  pick  them  up.”  She  snarled  her  challenge  at  the  frightened  trooper,  who  took  the  safe  option  and  fled  from  the  forge.
“Not  exactly  in  Beryl’s  league  are  they  Billie?”  Said  Georgie,  sister  to  Beryl  Strong,  who  was  one  of  Martha’s  patrol.
The  blacksmith  smiled  at  her  lover.  “Nowhere  near.  Good  job  she  refuses  to  come  here  with  these  thieving  sods.  Still  remembers  us  kindly,  I  guess.”
“Likes  us  too  much  according  to  Martha.”  Georgie  shook  her  head  sadly.  “Every  year  they  take  more,”  she  said  with  a  sigh.  “One  of  these  days,  we’ve  got  to do  something  about  it.”
“One  of  these  days,”  repeated  Billie,  and  reached  out  to  grip  Georgie’s  hand.
“FLOSSIE  CRAKEN.”  Sergeant  Strake’s  voice  bellowed  across  the  village  green,  and  Flossie,  the  hapless  girl  who  had  run  from  the  forge,  appeared  nervously  from  behind  the  ox  cart.
“Yes  sergeant?”
“Do  I  have  to  chase  you  every  minute  of  the  day?”  Growled  the  obese  sergeant.
“No  sergeant,”  whispered   Flossie.
“Don’t  answer  back  scum.  Get  the  ropes  out.  Those  damn  goats  will  be  here  any  minute  now.  WELL,  MOVE  THEN.”
Flossie  scrambled  up  onto  the  cart  and  threw  the  short  ropes  down  to  the  waiting  troopers.  “They’re  here,”  said  Flossie,  as  the  sound  of  bleating  could  be  heard  from  beyond  the  West  gate  of  the  palisade.  From  the  cart,  she  could  see  beyond  the  fence.  “They’re  not  coming  in,  sergeant,”  she  said  slowly.
“What  can  you  see  scum?”
Flossie  shaded  her  eyes  against  the  sun’s  glare.  “They’re  just  standing  there,  with  that  innkeeper’s  girl.  That’s  funny,  they’ve  gone  all  quiet,  like.”
Martha  Torrent  came  out  of  The  Vine.  “What’s  happening,”  she  growled.
Filian  turned  towards  her  leader.  “Goats  outside  the  fence.  Won’t  come  inside.”
“Well  go  and  get  them  then.”
“Right  you  lot.  Get  out  there,”  the  flustered  sergeant  shouted  at  her  rag-tag  collection  of  troopers  gathered  from  the  Western  villages.
Outside  the  gates,  they  were  stopped  in  their  tracks  by  the  sight  of  little  Tanya  standing  there  with  her  hand  raised  to  halt  them.  The  troopers  were  a  long  way  from  home,  and  these  Eastern  hamlets  had  a  reputation  for  witchcraft  and  suchlike.  They  looked  on  worriedly  as  the  goats  stood  silently  in  three  ranks.  Watching.  Waiting.
Greta,  still  in  the  chameleon  cape,  nudged  Tanya  in  the  back.  “Now,”  she  whispered.
Tanya  coughed  nervously,  and  raised  her  arms  high.  “NO  MORE.”  She  screamed  at  the  top  of  her  ten  year  old  voice.
Martha’s  eyes  bulged  and  threatened  to  pop  out  of  her  head.  “What  did  you  say?”
“Tell  her  again,”  came  the  quiet  voice  from  behind  and  above  Tanya,  and  an  invisible  hand  rested  reassuringly  on  her  shoulder.
The  trembling  girl  took  a  deep   breath.  “NO  MORE  GOATS  AND  SHEEP  WILL  GO  TO  CENTRAL.”  She  shouted.
Behind  her,  the  goats  started  milling  about  in  terrified  confusion,  but  when  they  finally  stood  still  again,  Martha’s  roving  patrol’s  worst  fears  were  realised.  The  goats  bodies  spelled  out  two  words  on  the  grassy  slope.

On  the  Vine’s  flat  roof,  a  small  group  watched  the  noisy  performance  beyond  the  fence.  Ma  Nesbitt  put  out  her  hand  to  stop  Frankie  rushing  to  her  daughter’s  rescue.  “Not  yet  Frankie,”  she  commanded.  “There’s  more  to  come.  Your  Tanya’s  up  to  something,  and  it’ll  be  to  our  benefit  to  let  her  get  on  with  it.”  Although  in  truth,  she  hadn’t  seen  it  coming,  she  was  determined  to  let  the  strange  scene  run  it’s  unnatural  course.  “Sylvie.  Go  get  some  strong  lasses  with  spears,  just  in  case.  Try  and  find  the  Brand  girls,  they’re  more  than  a  handful  in  a  fight.”
None  of  the  troopers  stepped  forward  at  Martha’s  command  to  kill  the  brat.  They  could  smell  danger  in  the  air.  Or  was  it  just  Greta’s  lack  of  deodorant?
Tanya  took  advantage  of  their  reluctance.  “HOMESTEAD  CREATURES  ARE  SACRED.  THEY  WILL  NOT  GO  TO  THE  BLOOD  SUCKING  MONSTER  IN  YOUR  TEMPLE.”
Martha  wondered  briefly  how  the  little  brat  had  found  out  about  the  priestesses  new  pet,  then  motioned  furiously  to  Filian  Strake.  “Do  it,”  she  said  menacingly,  and  the  fat  sergeant  stepped  forward,  drawing  her  dagger.
“GHOSTLY  GRETA,  QUEEN  GOD  OF  ALL  WOOLLIES,  SAYS  GO  HOME.”
The  goats  moved  again,  and  the  troopers  shuffled  back  a  little  further.

Tanya  had  to  dodge  rapidly  out  of  the  sergeant’s  way,  but  Filian  only  got  the  one  chance  to  harm  her.  An  invisible  fist,  powered  by  muscles  never  seen  on  Earth  before,  crashed  into  the  sergeants  face,  knocking  her  out  and  crushing  her  nose.
Greta  drew  herself  up  to  her  full  height  and  flicked  the  cape  to  one  side.  She  was  briefly  visible,  and  as  she  let  out  a  tremendous  roar  the  screaming  troopers  ran  for  their  lives.  Except  Filian  Strake  of  course,  and  two  others  who  had  fainted  at  the  awesome  sight  of  the  ‘goat  god’.  Martha  ran  too,  chased  joyfully  by  Topper,  one  of  the  young  billy  goats.
Tanya’s  joy  at  seeing  the  rout  was  short  lived  as  an  all  too  familiar  voice  addressed  her.
“Tanya  Vine.  I  want  a  word  with  you.”
Tanya  winced,  then  forced  a  smile  onto  her  face  as  she  turned.  “Hello,  Ma  Nesbitt.  Something  wrong?”
None  of  the  Homesteaders  had  seen  Greta’s  brief  appearance  and  the  village’s  all  seeing,  all  knowing  but  now  baffled  guru  cocked  her  head  to  one  side.
“Nothing  wrong  girl.  Just  want  to  know  what  got  into  your  head  to  make  you  do  such  a  thing.  Could  have  got  yourself  killed  there,  and  girls  are  precious.  All  girls,  even  foolish  ones  like  you.”  She  looked  at  the  strange  scene  and  frowned.  “And  how  did  you  manage  to  put  somebody  that  size  on  the  floor?”
Tanya  sighed.  It  looked  like  she  would  be  feeling  Ma’s  slipper  on  her  backside  again.
She  turned  to  the  goats.  “Go  home,”  she  ordered,  pointing  roughly  South.  “Back  to  the  farm.  And  be  good.”
Connie’s  jaw  dropped,  and  she  was  left  speechless  as  the  goats  gave  one  bleat,  then  turned  in  unison  and  trotted  off  Southwards.  Just  then,  the  patrol’s  ox  cart  emerged  from  the  gate,  driven  by  Jade  Bowyer,  with  a  gaggle  of  villagers,  including  Sylvia,  Frankie  and  the  Brand  sisters  tagging  along  behind.
“Unfortunately,  most  of  the  stuff  fell  off  the  cart,”  laughed  Jade,  and  laughed  louder  when  she  saw  the  unfortunate  sergeant’s  face.  “Oh  dear,  she’s  not  very  pretty  now.”
“Wasn’t  pretty  before,”  answered  Frankie,  who  bent  down  and  threw  her  arms  round  her  daughter,  and  hugged  her close.  “Oh  Tan  love.  Thought  we’d  lost  you  then.”
Jade  was  kicking  the  two  troopers  who  had  fainted.  “Wake  up  girlie.  Wake  up.  WAKE  UP.”
Eventually,  the  two  frightened  girls  and  their  sergeant  were  on  the  cart  and  moving  down  the  Ibis  road,  when  Tanya  suddenly  found  herself  alone.  Just  for  one  surreal  moment,  it  was  difficult  for  her  to  believe  that  any  of  it  had  happened,  when  a  voice  above  and  behind  her  said,  “so  what  do  people  like  me  actually  find  to  eat  on  this  planet?”
Two  years later
Tanya  had  refused  to  explain  anything  about  that  strange  afternoon,  and  she  had  told  no  one,  not  even  Greta  about  the  odd  thoughts  and  visions  that  were  appearing  in  her  head  at  night.  Greta  had  been  abandoned  by  her  uncaring  crewmates,  and  had  made  her  home  in  one  of  the  derelict  farms  nearby,  but  hadn’t  been  around  Homestead  for  more  than  a  year  now,  which  Tanya  was  grateful  for.  There  was  something  a  little  unnerving  about  being  in  the  presence  of  a  talking  goat  more  than  two  metres  tall.  Tan  now  spent  less  than  half  the  week  helping  in  her  mum’s  taverna,  and  the  rest  of  the  time  she  was  on  South  Farm,  mainly  looking  after  the  livestock,  but  doing  whatever  was  necessary.  It  was  a  good  life,  mostly,  working  with  her  friend  Sali.
“Tan?”
Tanya  furrowed  her  brow  in  concentration.
“Tanya?”  Sali  said  louder.
The  link  was  gone,  and  the  grateful  goat  scrambled  to  it’s  feet  and  dashed  off  to  the  safety  of  the  barn,  where  it  tried  to  forget  the  weird  things  it  had  been  seeing  inside  Tanya’s  mind.
“What  do  you  want  Sali  Vorden,  it  had  better  be  good.  We  was  getting  on  famously  there.”
“We  were  born  the  same  year  Tan,  but  who’s  actually  oldest?”
Tanya  sighed.  More  nonsense  coming.  “When  were  you  born  Sal?”
“Fifth  half  moon  of  the  year.”
“Well  you’re  youngest  then,  cos  mum  said  that  I  arrived  in  the  second  full  moon.”  Tanya  looked  suspiciously  at  her  friends  sad  expression.  “Why?”
“I  started  bleeding  last  night  Tanya.  It  was  my  first  time.”
Tanya  smiled  in  sympathy  at  Sali.  “So  that’s  why  you’ve  got  such  a  long  face.  Stomach  ache’s  really  bad?  Happens  to  us  all  eventually  sweetheart.”
“Yes,  and  nobody  said  it’d  hurt  like  this.  But  I’m  a  woman  now  Tanya,”  she  spread  her  arms  wide.  “But  what’s the  point?”
Tanya  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “Don’t  understand.”
"Well,  I  was  talking  to  Gilda,  and  she  says  that  the  man  must  be  dead.  Nobody’s  been  sent  for  since..."  she  shrugged  her  shoulders.  "...when  we  used  to  play  in  the  mud  and  think  it  was  fun,  I  guess."
“Yes?”  said  Tanya  slowly,  “and?”
“There’s  no  more  babies,  and  I’m  the  youngest  girl  in  the  world.  When  everybody’s  dead,”  her  eyes  filled  with  tears,  “I’ll  be  all  alone.  Don’t  want  to  be  alone.”
Her  small  body  shook  as  she  gave  way  to  the  tears.  Tanya  pulled  her  close  and  Sali  clung  to  her  till  she  stopped  sobbing.  Tanya  kissed  her  forehead  then  held  her  at  arms  length,  and  staring  into  Sali’s  eyes  she  put  on  her  best  grown  up  voice.
“Stuff  and  nonsense,  nobody’s  gonna  be  alone.  Now  just  listen  to  me  Sali  Vorden,  and  no  more  tears.  You  hear  me?”
Sali  nodded.
“I’ve  told  nobody  this,  cos  it’s  a  big  secret  and  you  got  to  promise  not  to  tell.”
Sali  gave  a  non  committal  grunt  and  Tanya  shook  her  hard.  “Promise  me  Sali  Vorden  or  I’ll  not  tell  you.”
“Right  Tan,  I  promise,”  Sali  gasped.
“There’s  big  trouble  coming  our  way,  but  we’ve  got  to  be  strong,  cos  after  the  tears,  everything’s  gonna be  alright  again.”
“What?  How  d’ya  know  that  then?”
“I’ve  seen  a  god,  and  she’s  talked  to  me  lots  of  times.”
Sali’s  face  showed  her  disbelief.
“A  god?  You’re  weird  Tanya  Vine.  Been  at  your  mum’s  cider  again?”
“You’re  asking  for  a  good  slapping,”  retorted  Tanya,  “now,  do  you  want  to  hear  about  my  god  or  not?”
Sali  sighed,  Tanya  was  in  one  of  her  funny  moods  again  and  she  might  as  well  get  it  over  with.  “So,  you’ve  been  seeing  the  Lady  of  the  Night  then.”
“No,”  said  Tanya  scornfully.  “A  proper  god.  One  you  can  touch.”
“Oh!  Two  years  ago,”  Sali  butted  in,  “when  Martha’s  lot  ran.  Mum  and  Georgie  were  talking  about  you  for  weeks.”
Tanya  smiled  at  the  memory,  “that  was  the  first  time,”  she  agreed.  “Didn’t  tell  any  grown  ups  about  her  though.  Can’t  trust  grown  ups.  Seen  her  lots  of  times  after  that,  and  since  she  showed  me  inside  her  head,  I  can  sometimes  see  things.”
Sali  believed  and  was  wide  eyed  and  awe  struck  by  now.  “Wow.  What  do  you  see  Tan?”  she  breathed.
Tanya  smiled  and  closed  her  eyes.  “No  more  Martha,  but  there’s  menfolk  and  babies,  here  in  Homestead,  and  I  see  myself  carrying  Sylvia’s  sword.”  She  paused,  then  gave  a  great  sigh,  opened  her  eyes  wide  and  stared  at  an  unseen  horizon,  then  suddenly,  her  smile  was  gone.
“The  woods  won’t  be  safe  any  more,  the  dogs  are  running.”  Tiny  beads  of  sweat  started  trickling  down  her  face  with  the  effort.  “I  see  a  rainbow  come  down  to  earth,  but  there’s  going  to  be  a  grey  day.  I  see  you,  and  long  legs,  I  see  you,  no.  We  don’t  have  the  time.”  She  collapsed  on  the  grass,  and  Sali  held  her  in  her  arms.
“Flaming  seesaws  Tanya  Vine,  if  Ma  Nesbitt  knew  you  can  see,  she’d  go  mental.”
Chapter  4
Of  Marching  and  Meeting
Leaving  Homestead
There  were  ten  villages  scattered  across  Spangerland,  and  ruled  from  the  town  called  Central,  but  in  this  time  of  disappointment  and  fear,  even  it  couldn’t  live  up  to  it’s  name,  being  the  furthest  West  of  the  known  habitable  world.  It  had  been  the  seat  of  government  for  so  long,  that  no  one  queried  it’s  location,  and  besides,  they  had  a  library.  With  real  books.  Oh  yes,  the  149  faded  and  moth  eaten  relics,  survivors  from  the  days  of  the  empire  and  locked  away  in  the  temple,  were  Central’s  pride   and  joy,  even  if  they  hadn’t  been  seen  in  public  for  more  than  seven  years.
The  people  of  this  land  were  limited  in  their  travels  by  the  high  sierras  to  the  North  and  South,  an  ocean  to  the  East  and  the  lifeless  desert  wastelands  in  the  West.  There  was  a  range  of  rocky  hills  across  the  middle  of  the  land,  running  mainly  from  North  to  South,  and  of  the  four  villages  in  the  fertile  valleys  to  the  East  of  these  hills,  Homestead  was  the  biggest,  but  like  the  others,  more  than  half  of  it’s  cottages  were  empty  and  abandoned,  standing  as  silent  witnesses  to  the declining  years  of  the  human  race.
Life  was  pleasant  there,  most  of   the  time,  despite  the  absence  of  men  folk,  or  maybe  even  because  of  it?  On  most evenings,  music  and  laughter  could  be  heard  coming  from  Frankie’s  taverna  The  Vine,  the  sound  of  hammer  on  anvil  rang  across  the  green  from  Billie’s  forge,  and  the  smell  of  Sandy’s  newly  baked  bread  made  your  mouth  water  even  beyond  the  village  boundary  fence.  Twice  a  year  though,  trouble  came  calling.  Trouble  with  a  capital  T.  It  was  Torrent,  Martha  Torrent,  captain  of  Central’s  law  enforcers  and  tax  collectors,  and  behind  them,  they  left  a  trail  of  unhappy  people,  from  La  Via  in  the  South,  to  Alberta  in  the  North,  but  in  Homestead,  they  were  especially  harsh.  Homesteaders  were  different,  they  had  weird  religious  beliefs,  and  wouldn’t  pray  to  the  same  god  as  the  sensible  folks  in  the  West,  and  then  three  years  ago,  refused  to  send  their  quota  of  sheep  and  goats  to  be  sacrificed  to  the  Nameless  One.

The  roving  patrol  from  Central  was  near  the  end  of  it’s  twice  yearly  coastal  sweep  and  had  been  in  Homestead  for  only  five  days,  but  had  caused  such  damage,  injury  and  general  mayhem  in  the  village,  that  Sylvia  Long,  Homestead’s  Prima,  had  threatened  physical  violence  upon  Mad  Martha,  the  troop’s  less  than  illustrious  commander,  unless  they  were  restrained  or  better  still  on  their  way  pronto.
“Did  you  actually  hear  her  say  it  then  Flossie?”  asked  Glen.
“Yeah,  I  was  close  enough  to  Martha  to  hear  it  all,  an’  she  was  shaking  an’  twitching,  and  I’ve  never  seen  anyone  go  so  red  and  still  be  alive.  Thought  she  was  gonna  explode.  Fatty  Strake  actually  reached  out  and  grabbed  her  wrist  so  she  couldn’t  pull  her  sword,  an’  if  she  hadn’t  then  I  reckon  it  would  have  got  a  bit  nasty,  what  with  that  Jade  bein’  there  as  well.  And  they  was  wearing  mail  under  their  shirts.  Didn’t  hang  right,  see.”
“Mail  eh?”  Glen  mused.  “Looking  for  trouble  then.”
Chain  mail  vests,  or  byrnies,  were  seldom  worn,  padded  leather  jackets  being  a  lot  cheaper,  more  comfortable  and  more  readily  available.
“Yep,  and  they  nearly  found  it  too.”
Flossie  was  keen  to  talk.  With  her  being  Martha’s  lackey  and  whipping  girl,  not  many  in  the  troop  had  any  kind  words  for  her.
“Get  your  thieving  rabble  out  of  my  village  or  you’ll  not  live  long  enough  to  regret  letting  them  loose.  That  were  her  very  words,  then  she  said  some  mumbo  jumbo  stuff  about  monsters  coming  from  the  woods.”
“Didn’t  say  what  sort  of  monsters,  did  she?”
“Well  no,  but  everyone  knows  there’s  demons  an’  things  out  there.  Don’t  they?”
“Yeah,  course  they  do  Floss.  Well  I’d  better  get  back  to  polishing  the  old  helmet  and  stuff.  Here  girl,  have  a  sausage,”  and  she  held  out  the  greasy  offering.
“Wow,  thanks  Glen,  that’s  right  nice  of  you,”  gushed  the  happy  trooper.
“Yeh,  it’s  been  nice  talking  to  you.  Erm,  must  do  it  again  some  time,”  and  she  set  off  in  search  of  Basher  to  tell  her  the  latest  gossip  about  the  creatures  of  Burnt  Wood,  and  as  she  went  she  tucked  away  the  rest  of  Martha’s  dinner  into  her  jerkin.

When  the  troop  was  mustered  the  next  afternoon,  Martha  climbed  onto  the  lead  wagon  and  gave  the  order  to  move  out.  She  was  still  fuming  about  the  mysterious  disappearance  of  her  dinner,  and  Flossie  sported  a  black  eye  again.
“Come  on  then  you  scum,  lets  get  the  stench  of  this  gods  forsaken  place  out  of  our  noses,”  and  Flossie  prodded  the  nearest  cattle’s  rump  to  urge  the  team  forward.  Ten  happy  troopers  went  ahead,  and  the  front  rank  of  spears  behind  the  cart  ducked  automatically,  in  anticipation  of  Flossie  wielding  her  whip.  There’d  been  much  rolling  of  dice  last  night  for  positions  in  the  column,  and  the  happy  winners  thanked  their  lucky  charms  that  they  were  in  front  of  the  carts.  Winners  in  front,  runners  up  at  the  rear  and  losers  behind  Flossie.  (The  lucky  mascots  were  in  the  form  of  dice,  mysteriously  heavy  in  one  corner,  but  hey,  whatever  works.)
To  everyone’s  surprise,  and  Basher  and  Glen’s  disgust,  Beryl  had  lost  last  night,  and  she  bullied  her  way  to  the  rear  of  the  small  column  with  her  two  lovers.  The  three  had  been  together  for  more  than  five  years  and  no  one  in  the  troop  took  liberties  with  them  or  their  possessions,  and  they  had  a  better  life  than  all  in  the  patrol  except  Martha  Torrent  and  her  sergeant,  Filian  Strake.
“Shut  your  complaining  gob,  rat  face,  and  keep  your  eyes  to  the  front,”  said  Basher  menacingly  to  the  unfortunate  girl  in  front  of  her.  There  was  no  reply .  “Well?”
“Sorry  Basher,”  came  the  meek  reply.  Nobody  had  used  Basher’s  given  name,  Belle  River,  since  the  day  she  had  joined  the  army,  not  even  Beryl  and  Glen.
Glenda  turned  to  Beryl,  “Why  we  trailing  in  the  dust  and  dirt  Beryl,  we  could  do  better  than  this.”
“Shouldn’t  even  be  here,”  complained  Basher.  “We  never  came  to  Homestead  before.”
“Well,  when  she  gets  near  Homestead  now,  Martha  doubles  the  size  of  the  patrol,  and  I’ve  got  a  feeling  that  something  nasty  is  going  to  happen  this  time.  Just  have  patience  ladies,  and  humour  a  poor  soul  in  her  old  age.”
When  Beryl  offered  no  more,  Basher  and  Glen  looked  at  each  other  with  raised    eyebrows.
Basher  broke  the  silence,  “Anything  to  do  with  your  funny  turn  in  the  woods  then?  Thought  we  was  going  to  be  carrying  you  back  that  day,  or  fighting  off   wood  demons  all  night.”
“Not  up  for  discussion,  now  or  ever.  You  know  that.”  Beryl  gave  a  wry  smile,  did  Basher  still  believe  in  wood  demons,  or  was  she  joking  again?
“Oooh,  lady  of  mystery,”  said  Glen,  “good  job  you’re  faster  than  us  or  we’d  knock  some  respect  into  your  thick  skull,”  and  punched  her  playfully  on  the arm.
“Hah!  It’ll  be  a  sad  day  when  you  can  do  that,”  replied  Beryl  in  the  same  manner,  “and  as  for  wood  demons,  I’ve  always  got  on  alright  with  them.  It’s  the  water  fairies  you've  got  to  watch  out  for  round  here.”  She  managed  to  keep  a  straight  face  as  the  girls  in  front  suddenly  turned  again  and  looked  at  her.  Beryl  was  Homestead  born  and  felt  it  was  her  duty  to  keep  the  tales  of  Burnt  Wood’s  monsters  alive,  although  the  troopers  tales  of  the  giant  horned  demon  three  years  ago  had  baffled  her  completely.
“Damn  well  told  you,”  snarled  Basher,  “look  to  your  front  else  you’ll  be  feeling  my  fist.”

The   previous  week,  six  of  them  had  been  detailed  to  patrol  through  Burnt  Wood  to  the  East  of  Homestead,  and  Beryl  had  gone  missing  in  the  woods  that  morning,  not  returning  to  their  temporary  camp  until  late  afternoon,  and  had  promptly  fallen  into  a  deep  sleep.
She  awoke  that  evening  with  no  apparent  ill  effects  and  blamed  it  on  some  mushrooms  she  had  found  and  eaten  raw.  Now,  with  Homestead  getting  ever  smaller  in  the  distance  behind  them,  Beryl  kept  scanning  the  ground  either  side  of  them  for  signs  of  anyone  leaving  the  column.  She  had  a  feeling  that  Martha  was  not  going  to  let  the  confrontation  with  Sylvia  end  there  and  was  anticipating  trouble  of  some  sort  to  occur  soon.  When  they  halted  for  the  day,  only  some  four  hours  from  Homestead,  on  the  trail  towards  Guardians  Nest,  Beryl  did  a  quick  head  count  and  noticed  no  one  missing.  “Wrong,  Strong,”  she  muttered  to  herself,  for  Strong  was  her  family  name,  then  to  her  companions,  “right  gang,  let’s  get  mean  and  find  somewhere  cosy  to  call  our  own,”  and  the  trio  of  untouchables  claimed  a  sheltered  spot  among  the  olive  trees  above  the  track.  They  were  busy  making  their  supper  of  egg  and  beans  on  black  bread,  and  never  noticed  that  sergeant  Strake  and  four  of  her  cronies  were  already  settling  down  for  the  night.
Into  the   woods
Being  so  close  to  Burnt  Wood,  dawn  over  Homestead  was  a  noisy  affair,  with  all  manner  of  birds  greeting  the  new  day,  including  the  few  surviving  roosters  round  the  village  itself.  (There  had  been  lots  more  before  the  arrival  of  Martha’s  tax  collectors.)  In  the  cottage  next  to  the  village’s  only  taverna,  Frankie  Vine  shook  her  daughter  Tanya,  and  Gilda  Tripp  awake.  “Come  on  Gilda,  big  day  ahead  of  you  today.”
Gilda  and  Tanya  came  awake  reluctantly  from  their  dreams  of  fairies  and  goats.  Goats?  Yes,  Tanya  was  a  strange  girl.
“Noooo,”  moaned  Gilda,  “Not  yet  Nana  Vine,  pleeeeese.”
Frankie  threw  back  the  blankets,  and  the  two  naked  girls  sat  up,  quickly  reaching  for  their  clothes  that  had  been  thrown  the  previous  evening  onto  the  room’s  only  chair.
“Not  fair  mama,  I’m  not  supposed  to  go  till  next  year,”  said  Tanya  through  an  enormous  yawn.
“Come  come  child.  I  know  that  Gilda  is  sixteen  but  she  still  needs  you,  and  when  you’re  fifteen  or  so,  and  it’s  your  turn  to  go  to  the  woods,  you’ll  be  glad  of  a  friend  to  see  you  safely  on  your  way.  Now,  move  your  lazy  backsides  downstairs  and  get  washed,  breakfast  is  nearly  ready.  Me  and  Kirsty  have  been  up  ages.”
Tanya  had  a  secret smile  on  her  face  as  she  thought,  ‘when  I’m  fifteen  indeed.’
Frankie’s  older  daughter  Kirsten  was  in  the  kitchen,  frantically  beating  eggs  in  a  large  mixing  bowl,  having  been  up  and  dressed  only  minutes  before  her  sister  and  Gilda’s  rude  awakening.
Sylvia  turned  up  on  their  doorstep  forty  minutes  later  to  claim  her  share  of  Frankies  special  omelettes,  and  was  leading  the  girls  out  of  the  village  before  the  sun  had  been  in  the  sky  for  two  hours,  and  they  crossed  the  ford  into  Burnt  Wood.
“Was  you  as  scared  as  I  feel  now,  Sylvie?”  asked  Gilda,  looking  round  nervously.  
“Lady,  no,”  she  replied,  “All  happened  so  fast,  didn’t  have  time  to  think  about  it.”  Sylvie,  with  Beryl,  Joan  and  Jade,  had  been  the  first  to  come  face  to  face  with  the  wardogs  in  the  woods  ten  years  previously,  and  after  some  initial  misunderstandings,  (religion,  toilet  habits,  mealtime  manners,  that  sort  of  thing),  the  dogs  and  humans  had  formed  a  loose  alliance.  An  awkward  silence  followed  Gilda’s  question,  then  Sylvie  carried  on,  “One  thing  for  you  to  remember  is  that  Sandal’s  only  six  years  old,  and  will  be  as  nervous  as  you.  Besides,  all  you’ll  be  doing  is  getting  to  know  each  other,  and  trying  to  catch  a  rabbit,  or  something  bigger,  maybe.  And  anyway,  you’ve  seen  the  dogs  before.”
“Well,  yes.”  Gilda  replied,  “From  a  distance,  but  what  if  he  don’t  like  me?  He’s  got  teeth.  Big  ones.”
Sylvia  smiled.  “Don’t  worry  girl.  Dogs  like  to  be  with  people.  Always  have  done.”
“If  he  gives  you  any  trouble,”  said  Tanya,  “tell  him  that  I’ll  give  him  a  good  spanking.”
Sylvia  looked  sharply  at  Tanya,  who  had  gone  red  in  the  face  and  was  trying  desperately  to  look  innocent.  Then  they  were  crossing  the  glade  at  Hood’s  Hole  cave,  and  moving  into  the  cool  of  the  trees  again.
“Listen,”  said  Sylvia  suddenly,  and  held  up  a  hand,  and  they  stopped  and  listened  to  the  silent  woods.
“Can’t  hear  anything  Sylvie,”  said  Gilda.
Tanya  put  her  hand  on  Gilda’s  arm,  “No  birds,”  she  whispered.
Sylvia  slowly  drew  her  two  knives,  regretting  the  decision  to  leave  her  beloved  sword  at  home.  “Let’s  go  back  to  the  clearing,”  she  said  quietly.
“Looking  for  me  ladies?”  Strake  and  one  of  her   thugs  stepped  out  onto  the  track.
“Turn  and  run,”  Sylvie  said  to  the  two  girls,  “get  help.”  Then  she  moved  towards  the  evil  pair.  “Ready  to  meet  your  ancestors  already  Strake?”
The  sergeant  laughed  softly.  “Not  my  turn  yet  girl,  but  it  could  be  yours,”  and  she  lifted  her  short  club  menacingly  as  her  other  three  companions  emerged  from  the  trees.
Gilda  had  already  retreated  several  paces  and  the  trooper  blocking  the  path  behind  her  swung  her  club  in  a  short  arc,  catching  Gilda  a  glancing  blow  behind  the  right  ear.  She  gasped  in  pain  and  fell  dazed  to  the  ground.  Tanya  turned  at  the  sound  and  ran  at  the  girl  standing  over  Gilda,  head  butting  her  in  the  stomach.  The  trooper  was  doubled  over  and  gasping  for  breath,  and  Tanya  was  satisfied  that  she  was  out  of  the  fight,  but  when  she  looked  at  the  others,  she  realised  there  was  only  one  thing  she could  do.  She  took  a  deep  breath,  threw  back  her  head  and  howled  at  the  tree  tops.
Sylvia  was  down  on  her  knees,  blood  pouring  from  her  nose  and  scalp,  and  as  she  lost  consciousness,  her  last  thought  was,  “how  did  she  learn  how  to  do  that?”
The  troopers  paused  in  their  deadly  assault  as  Tanya’s  cries  were  answered,  but  louder.  Much  louder.
“What  the  gods  is  that?”
“Cat?”
“Never  heard  any  cat  like  that.”
“No,  I  reckon  it’s  a  tree  beast.”
“Tree  beast?  Sod  this  for  a  game  of  soldiers.  I’m  off.”
Despite  the  sergeant’s  threats  and  curses,  they  left  her  at  a  fast  trot,  so  after  aiming  one  last  frustrated  kick  at  Sylvia’s  inert  form,  Filian  was  on  her  way  as  well.
Tanya  dodged  round  the  trees  as  they  passed  her  and  she  bent  to  pick  up  one  of  Sylvie’s  knives  then  ran  after  them.  Moments  later,  the  source  of  the  hideous  noise  appeared  as  three  enormous  dogs  bounded  into  view,  looked  briefly  at  Sylvia  and  Gilda,  then  followed  the  trail  of  the  fleeing  squad.
The  trooper  head  butted  by  Tanya  was  making  poor  progress  and  the  others  were  slowly  leaving  her  behind.
“Wait  for  me,”  she  gasped,  as  another  dog  howled  out  a  message  of  doom.  She  shouted  louder  now,  “damn  you  Rosie,  wait  for  me.”
There  were  noises  behind  her  and  she  looked  over  her  shoulder  but  it  was  only  that  kid,  so  she  stopped  and  turned  to  face  the  brat,  raising  her  club.  The  ‘kid’  didn’t  pause  but  then,  when  only  a  couple  of  paces  from  the  panting  squaddie,  appeared  to  stumble  and  went  into  a  forward  roll,  then  sprang  up  and  thrust  the  dagger  into  the  surprised  girls  groin.
Her  dying  screams  spurred  the  rest  of  the  squad  onward  in  their  flight  from  the  horrors  of  Burnt  Wood  and  Tanya  turned  away  and  vomited.  Despite  talking  a  good  fight  in  front  of  her  friends,  she  had  never  actually  hurt  anyone  before.  Now  she  was  a  killer.
The  dogs  appeared  as  Tanya  was  unsteadily  retrieving  the  bloody  knife.  “Go  back  to  Gilda,”  she  commanded,  pointing  vaguely  down  the  trail,  “I’ll  go  and  fetch  help.”
The  dogs  obeyed  without  hesitation.  Tanya  was  well  known  to  them,  as  she  was  often  to  be  found  in  their  camp,  either  talking  to  Tag  and  Scutcher,  the  oldest  wardogs,  or  play  fighting  with  Sandal  and  his  cousins.
Sergeant  Strake’s  depleted  squad  made  good  their  escape  from  the  ‘tree  beast’  and  passed  unseen  between  Homestead  and  the  farm,  agreeing  that  Sylvia  was  dead,  and  that  nothing  would  be  mentioned  about  monsters  in  the  wood  when  they  rejoined  the  patrol.
Gilda  was  awake,  and  gently  exploring  her  scalp,  as  the  dogs  rejoined  her,  when  a  high  pitched  whine  assailed  their  sensitive  ears  and  a  soft  blue  light  lit  up  the  entrance  of  Hoods  Hole  cave,  immediately  followed  by  a  cloud  of  dust  billowing  out.
Out  of  the  dark
There  were  ten  lost  souls  on  board  the  time  ship  called  Never  Look  Back,  which  had  been  hijacked  by  a  mysterious  program  hacker.  It’s  two  crew  members  were  diminutive  nineteen  year  old  girls,  whose  innocent  looks  disguised  their  fiercely  independent  characters.  The  other  eight  were  the  last  surviving  crew  from  the  giant  asteroid  miner  Hood,  which  had  been  destroyed  when  it  rammed  the  Stream’s  warp  gate  on  the  moon,  effectively  stopping  the  alien  invasion.  The  time  ship  was  from  the  far  future,  and  the  miners  from  the  distant  past,  and  none  of  them  wanted  to  be  here,  although  the  miners  had  been  rescued  from  almost  certain  death  less  than  six  hours  ago.
Through  the  thinning  dust  cloud  appeared  a  figure  dressed  in  mottled  green  and  grey  clothing  and  wearing  a  helmet  of  similar  colours.  The  clothes  and  huge  knife  made  Gilda  decide  that  this  was  a  true  warrior,  not  like  most  of  Martha’s  undisciplined  mob.  The  dogs  were  alert  and  ready  to  charge  back  into  action  again,  but  were  held  in  check  at  Gilda’s  command,  because  their  size  was  deceiving,  and  had  they  been  human,  would  still  have  been  at  kindergarten.  They  were  not  yet  mature  enough  to  get  into  a  real  scrap,  and  had  been  fortunate  in  driving  off  the  superstitious  troopers  earlier.
“Wait  and  see  what  occurs  next  my  friends.  Magic  things  happen  here  and  Hood  may  have  returned.”
The  dogs  eyed  each  other  and  managed  to  stifle  their  rising  laughter,  girls  hey?  Always  had  heads  full  of  surprises,  wait  till  the  others  back  home  heard  that  one.  ‘Next’  was  more  alarming  as  other  figures  came  out  of  the  cave  entrance,  some  carrying  swords  and  others  with  bows,  and  they  spread  out  in  a  semi  circle  facing  the  trees  on  all  sides.  In  direct  contrast  with  the  miners  in  their  battle  fatigues  and  well  worn  Sundown  armour,  the  pair  in  the  centre  were  small  shining  figures,  with  long  hair  showing  beneath  their  helmets.  One  with  golden  hair  billowing  all  round  the  silver  helm,  the  other  with  dark  hair  tied  at  the  back  in  a  single  plait.  “Angels,”  Gilda  exclaimed  aloud  and  stood  so  that  they  would  see  her.  The  dogs  moved  out  of  the  trees  for  a  better  view  of  the  fun,  and  at  an  unheard  command,  some  of  the  warriors  faced  them  and  started  to   raise  their  bows.  Gilda  turned  to  the  dogs,  “run  back  home  quickly,”  she  said  urgently,  “this  is  no  place  for  you  now,”  and  the  dogs  retreated  into  the  dark  wood.  No  arrows  were  loosed  after  them  for  fear  of  hitting  the  girl,  who  stepped  forward.
“Are  you  truly  angels,  come  to  help  in  our  hour  of  need?  Then  help  me  now  for  my  friend  is  hurt  and  is  near  dying.”
“Flaming  hell.  Hope  they  don’t  all  speak  like  that  round  here,”  Caren  Hummingbird  muttered  to  Denny  as   they  walked  towards  the  unhappy  figure  at  the  trees  edge.
The  two  pilots  had  realised  that  they  were  becoming  part  of  ancient  history,  so  they  knew  what  was  supposed  to  happen.  Probably,  as  it  was  all  written  down  in  their  prayer  book.
“Where’s  the  silver  one,  Goldie?”  asked  Denny  Sazgood  loudly.  Gilda  frowned  in  puzzlement  but  led  them  the  few  paces  to  where  Sylvia  lay  in  a  growing  pool  of  blood.
“Hells,  look  at  her.  I  wasn’t  expecting  this,”  said  Denny,  looking  down  at  the  bruised  and  broken  body.  “Can  the  medico  manage  this  sort  of  thing?”
Caren  sounded  less  than  convincing  as  she  replied,  “course  it  can,  no  problemo.”
Then  she  called  out  loudly,  “Simon.  We  need  you.  Now.”
Denny  raised  her  eyebrows  but  said  nothing,  although  she  realised  that  Caren  was  going  to  follow  the  book  of  prayer  as  closely  as  she  could.  Then  Simon  was  beside  them,  and  he  and  Ricardo  carried  Sylvia’s  inert  body  back  to  the  Never.  It  was  a  messy  affair,  stripping  off  the  blood  soaked  clothing  and  laying  Sylvia  in  the  medico  unit,  but  Caren  had  got  the  analysis  and  repair  program  started  within  seven  minutes  of  their  first  emerging  from  the  cave.  Margaret  and  Gudrun  were  asking  Gilda  about  the  local  situation  when  Denny  came  out  of  the  cave  and  interrupted  them.
“Goldie,  honey.  What  did  your  guru  foretell  at  your  birth?  Was  it  something  like,  “this  child  will  be  the  promised  one?”  She  said  the  last  bit  in  a  parody  of  a  croaky,  old  crones  voice.
“My  name’s  Gilda,  not  Goldie,  and  my  lot  in  life  is  to  be  a  hunter  of  great  renown.  Ma  Nesbitt  saw  it  very  clearly.”
“Aaah!”  Denny  nodded  her  head  wisely  while  the  baffled  miners,  Margaret  and  Gudrun  looked   on  in  bewilderment.  “Then  her  prophesy  has  indeed  come  true,  and  today  you  find  what  all  hunters  seek  but  can  never  find.  Go  into  the  cave  and  tell  my  sister  that  the  dark  angel  does  not  follow  the  book,  but  seeks  to  make  her  own  destiny.”  Quieter  then,  “tell  her  also  that  I  love  her  very  much,  and  that  I  trust  her  to  do  what  she  thinks  best.  Now  go.”  Gilda  left  them  on  the  grass  outside  the  entrance  and  went  inside  to  deliver  the  strange  message.  As  she  disappeared  into  the  dark  cave’s  mouth,  Gudrun  turned  to  Denny.
“What  on  the  Lord’s  good  earth  was  that  all  about?”
She  looked  at  them  both  calmly.  “Pray  to  a  lord  do  you?”
Gudrun  nodded  and  frowned.  “Of  course,”  and  she  raised  her  hand  to  touch  the  fish  on  it’s  gold  chain  at  her  neck.
Denny  shook  her  head  slightly.  “Ancient  stuff.  The  Lady  of  the  night  rules  here.  Anyway,  as  you  now  know,  this  time  is  our  past,  and  we  are  taking  part  in  an  important  turning  point  in  our  history.  All  does  not  go  well  for  the  ‘dark  angel’,  and  that,  I’m  afraid  to  say,  is  probably  going  to  be  me,  so  as  you  can  imagine,  I’m  not  too  happy  about  being  here.”  She  scowled  briefly  and  looked  at  the  ground  before  continuing.  “Now,  Simon  the  true  warrior  will  stay  inside  with  Caren  and  Goldie,  while  we  enjoy  the  pleasures  of  camping  out.”
A  wry  smile  appeared  as  she  watched  Gilda  entering  the  cave.  “Our  prayer  book  is  about  the  founding  of  the  seven  great  houses,  and  it  says  that  I  should  be  in  there  with  Caren,  Gilda  and  Simon,  helping  with  Sylvia  and  paying  homage  to  the  Lady.”
Noticing  Margaret  and  Gudrun’s  blank  looks,  she  smiled  and  explained,  “Sex,  dears.  Making  love.  But  because  Ricky’s  taken  my  place,  there  might  be  more  homage  paid  today  than  Caren  was  expecting.”
In  the  cave,  they  found  that  the  time  unit’s  door  was  closed  to  them,  but  Denny  reassured  them  that  the  cave  would  be  a  safe  enough  haven,  no  matter  how  long  they  stayed  there.  “We’ll  be  having  visitors  soon,”  Denny  announced  to  the  group  in  general,  “the  Homesteaders  will  come  to  look  for  the  Silver  one  and  Goldie,  so  it  would  be  best  for  us  to  look  harmless.”
“Are  these  the  bad  guys,  or  the  good  guys?”  asked  Anton,  “or  should  we  kick  ass  anyway,  just  to  be  on  the  safe  side?”
To  the  surprise  of  all,  this  brought  a  peal  of  laughter  from  Denny.  “Ah  Tony,  do  all  men  of  your  time  treat  their  women  so?”
“What?”  Anton’s  surprise  was  greater  now.
“These  are  definitely  good  guys,  and  as  you  are  the  biggest  man  I  have  ever  seen,  you  shall  be  named  ‘the  bear’,  and  is  it  not  written  in  the  Book  of  Prayer  that  the  bear  and  the  true  warrior  paid  court  to  the  several  women  of  Homestead?”
Gudrun  was  grinning  from  ear  to  ear  at  Anton’s  confusion.  “Better  go  get  cleaned  up  big  boy,  looks  like  your  wives  are  coming  to  call.”
“OK,”  Margaret  interrupted,  with  a  shake  of  her  head,  “we  wait  outside  for  company,”  and  they  settled  down  on  the  grass  in  the  morning sunshine.
A  near  miss
The  flash  of  energy  accompanying  the  Never’s  arrival  had  been  monitored  by  the  Hind,  orbiting  987  kilometres  above  the  earth,  and  when  the  medico  started  it’s  analysis,  other  programs  were  initiated  to  eliminate  those  sources  of  energy.  But  then  the  microwave  messages  between  the  helmeted  troops  were  picked  up  by  the  veteran  miner  series  2b,  Hawk.
COORDINATES  LOGGED  AND  STATIC.  READY  TO  EXECUTE.
CONFUSION.  SIGNATURE  NOT  UNKNOWN.
AGREED.  PROGRAM?
HOLD  PROGRAM.
HOLDING
TOUCH  THE  LOST  ONE.  COMPARE  SIGNATURE.
INTERFACE  NOT  POSSIBLE  153  MINUTES.
LOGGED  AND  STATIC.  HOLD  PROGRAM.
HOLDING.
Hawk  and  Hind  had  been  circling  the  Earth  for  2,100  years,  and  when  their  crews  had  died  in  the  alien  invasion,  they  continued  to  execute  their  last  given  prime  directive.  Destroy  alien  energy  sources.  Hind  had  been  severely  damaged,  and  her  logic  core  had  become  unreliable,  so  things  got  out  of  hand  as  she  continued  to  hurl  half  tonne  boulders  at  anything  and  everything  that  gave  off  energy  emissions  until  the  supply  of  rocks  ran  out,  but  by  that  time,  civilisation  on  Earth  had  been  set  back  to  medieval  times.  What  the  aliens  had  started,  Hind  had  very  nearly  finished.
As  the  twins  pursued  their  separate  orbits,  the  Hind  was  the  first  to  gain  line  of  sight  with  the  moon,  and  sent  out  a  signal  squirt  to  alert  the  Hood  of  their  findings.  That  the  Hood  was  still  ‘alive’  was  the  result  of  fortunate  circumstances  and  2000  years  of  slow,  careful  work  and  research.  Before  deliberately  crashing  into  the  alien  warp  gate  on  the   moon,  the  Hood  had  uploaded  a  copy  of  it’s  logic  core  into  the  last  shuttle,  and  had  then  launched  it  into  Lunar  orbit.  The  result  of  the  miners  impact  with  the  warp  gate,  and  the  following  explosion,  was  that  a  mass  of  debris  was  thrown  into  space  which  obscured  the  face  of  the  moon  for  several  months,  and  the  moon  was  given  a  slow  rotation,  with  the  South  pole  being  near  Tycho.  Most  of  the  shuttle’s  fuel  had  been  used  in  avoiding  collisions,  and  in  achieving  a  stable  orbit  amidst  the  ring  of  debris  which  would  circle  the  moon  for  millenia  to come.
HINDMOST,  MOTHERHOOD.  CALL  SIGN  QUADRANT  EUROPA  SOUTH  38:45 / 00:52.  CONFIRMATION  REQUIRED.  ELSE  EXECUTE  PROGRAM.
HOLD  PROGRAM.  UPLOAD  CALL  SIGN.
HOLDING 
Hind  encoded  the  data  log  of  the  mornings  activity  and  sent  another  burst.
DATA  UPLOAD
AGREED.  SIGNATURE  NOT  UNKNOWN.  LIBRARY,  INITIALIZE  PERSONNEL  FILES.
The  Hood  had  slowly  gathered  together  bits  and  pieces  of  alien  and  earthly  wreckage,  and  had  accumulated  around  itself  a  veritable  junkyard  of  derelict  alien  space  craft,  and  was now  a  conglomeration  of  loosely  joined  modules,  each  module  housing  a  separate  function  of  the  logic.
FOUND  01  00105  VALENCE  MARGARET  TEAM  LEADER  AGE  34  LOST  2218
FOUND  02  00107  DEFUSTO  ANTON  SECURITY  AGE  39  LOST  2218
FOUND  03  00156  WEDGE  SIMON  SECURITY  AGE  22  LOST  2218
FOUND  04  01262  TOKSVIG  GUDRUN  PROGRAMMER  AGE  26  LOST  2218
FOUND  05  01266  ESPRILLA  RICARDO  PILOT  AGE  25  LOST  2218
FOUND  06  01273  SOUTHGATE  WALTER  ENGINEERING  AGE  47  LOST  2218
FOUND  07  01274  DOOR  JAMES  ENGINEERING  AGE  29  LOST  2218
FOUND  08  02003  TANTO  MARCUS  CATERING  AGE  18  LOST  2218
FOUND  09  REFER  TO  RESEARCH.  ALIEN  POWER  DRIVE  SIGNATURE.  MEDICAL  UNIT.
FOUND  10  REFER  TO  RESEARCH.  ALIEN  POWER  DRIVE  SIGNATURE.  TIME  SLIDE
MOTHERHOOD,  HINDMOST.  RELAY  HAWKEYE.  HOLD  PROGRAM.  SIGNATURE  QUALIFIED
Now  this  was  a  turn  up  for  the  books,  Gudrun  still  alive  hey?  This  should  be  fun.  Hood  was  different  to  her  two  sisters,  she’d  had  Gudrun  to  talk  to  on  those  long  mining  trips.
AGREED  AND  RELAYED
MOTHERHOOD,  HINDMOST.  RELAY  SIGNATURE  01
RELAY  ACTIVE.  SATELLITE  WEST  NINE  TWO.
MOTHERHOOD,  00105  VALENCE  MARGARET.  TEAM  LEADER.
Margaret  sat  up  in  surprise  and  automatically  looked  round  as  the  mechanical  voice  came  faintly  into  her  helmet.  “Who  is  this?”  She  held  up  her  hand  to  silence  the  others.  “Repeat,  who  are  you.”
VOICE  OVERLAY  CONFIRMED.  VALANCE  MARGARET.  INITIALIZE  LANGUAGE  MODULE.  YOU  ARE  MARGARET  VALANCE,  TEAM  LEADER  OF  1st  MINING  GROUP,  COMPANY  OF  HOOD.  I  AM  HOOD.
“Where  are  you?  We  thought  you  were  destroyed.”
RUMOURS  OF  MY  DEMISE  HAVE  BEEN  GREATLY  OVERSTATED.  HA  HA.
“Alright  then,  if  you  really  are  Hood,  then  answer  me  this.  When  is  a  door  not  a  door?”
WHEN  IT  IS  A  PORTAL.  WHICH  AFTER  2114  YEARS  IS  STILL  ONLY  MILDLY  AMUSING  AS  THE  SPELLING  IS  DIFFERENT.
Gudrun  had  been  one  of  the  onboard  programmers,  and  had  used  humour  to  try  to  develop  Hood’s  logic  core,  and  the  portal/porthole  was  one  of  the  many  bad  jokes  she  had  used.
“Praise  be  that  you’re  still  with  us.  We  need  help.  We  have  a  sit  rep  to  make  which  isn’t  good.  We’re  the  last  eight  survivors  from  100  days  of  warfare  against  the  aliens,  and  we  seem  to  have  been  rescued  by  people  from  the  future?”
AGREED.  ENERGY  SIGNATURES  CONFIRM  THAT  THE  TIME  SLIDE  AND  MEDICAL  UNIT  ARE  DRIVEN  BY  AN  ENERGY  SOURCE  DEVELOPED  BY  THE  STREAM.  HAWK  AND  HIND  HAVE  YOUR  COORDINATES  LOGGED  BUT  HIND’S  PROGRAM  IS  NOW  ON  HOLD.  WE  MUST  CONFERENCE  AS  SOON  AS  POSSIBLE.  NO  DECISION  ON  FUTURE  ACTION  POSSIBLE  YET.  FURTHER  DETAILS  ON  THIS  CHANNEL.  OUT.
Somewhere  in  the  dark  recesses  of  Hood’s  memory  banks,  old  information  was  being  dragged  up  and  examined.  This  was  more  like  it.  2,000  years  of  talking  to  those  two  stuffed  shirt  sisters  of  hers  had  been  giving  her  a  headache.  Not  that  the  Hood  had  a  head  of  course,  but  you  get  the  picture.  Now  it  was  time  for  a  welcome  change.
MOTHERHOOD,  HINDMOST.  RELAY  HAWKEYE.  KEEP  PROGRAM  SOFT  MODE.
AGREED.  PROGRAM  SOFT.
RESEARCH.  RESTART  TIME  SLIDE  THEORY  INVESTIGATION.  CHECK  ENERGY  SIGNATURE  DOWNLOAD.
MECHANICS.  COMMENCE  SHUTTLE  SYSTEMS  REBOOT.  PREPARE  FOR  WITHDRAWAL.
With  a  bit  of  luck,  it  was  party  time.
“Is  that  it?  Hello?  She’s  gone,”  and  she  relayed  the  content  of  the  brief  conversation  to  the  others.  “All  I  know  is  what  I  just  told  you,”  she  repeated,  as  the  questions  came  thick  and  fast  from  the  excited  group.  “Hood  said  that  the  time  machine  is  driven  by  an  alien  power  source,  and  that  she  will  talk  to  us  again  soon.”
Anton  looked  towards  Denny,  “so  where  did  the  time  ship  come  from?”
“It’s  a  copy  of  a  dead  machine  that  was  found  by  Sendor’s  workers.  That’s  Caren’s  father,”  Denny  answered  him.
“Curious,”  added  Gudrun  thoughtfully.
Close  encounters
Walter  spotted  movement  at  the  woods  edge  eighty  metres  away,  “We  have  company,  right  centre,  three  or  more  on  the  tree  line,”  and  Denny  urged  them  to  stay  calm  as  she  slowly  arose  from  the  grass.  She  handed  her  short  sword  to  Anton,  and  said  with  a  smile,  “don’t  stand  yet,  they’ve  never  seen  anyone  as  big  as  you.  You  might  frighten  them  into  doing  something  stupid.”  Stepping  towards  the  figures  in  the  trees,  she  opened  her  arms  wide  and  called  out,  “Homestead,  come  forward  and  join  us.  The  Silver  one  and  Gilda  are  safe  in  the  arms  of  the  angel  of  light.”
The  first  figure  that  emerged  from  the  trees  was  dressed  in  a  green  skirt,  black  tunic  and  black  leggings  with  her  long  brown  hair  held  in  place  with  a  black  headband.  She  was  carrying  a  half  drawn  bow  which  was  almost  as  tall  as  she  was,  and  a  long  knife  hung  at  her  side  in  a  leather  scabbard.  The  others  stayed  a  pace  behind  her.
“Why  should  I  not  end  your  days  now?”  she  demanded,  and  her  voice  carried  the  confidence  of  one  not  unused  to  authority.
“Because,  oh  mighty  hunter,”  Denny  replied  sarcastically,  “I  bring  the  future  of  Homestead  with  me.  What  do  you  see  when  you  look  upon  us  here?”  The  sharp  reply  was  not  answered  because  at  that  moment,  an  older,  grey  haired  woman  in  a  less  than  clean  robe  that  had  once  been  white,  came  puffing  and  panting  into  the  clearing  from  behind  the  archer.
“Hold  fast  Jade  Bowyer,  let  me  see  the  truth  in  her  eyes,”  and  so  saying  she  advanced  across  the  clearing,  not  stopping  till  she  was  only  inches  from  Denzil’s  diminutive  form.  They  stood  eye  to  eye,  and  Denny,  remembering  Gilda’s  words,  took  the  initiative,  holding  up  her  hand,  “Hello,  mother  Nesbitt.”
The  old  woman  narrowed  her  eyes  and  wrinkled  her  nose,  “now  there’s  a  thing  to  ponder.  She  knows  my  name  but  I  know  not  hers.  Mmmmm.  Sashwood  I  think?”
Denny  Sazgood  smiled,  hiding  her  astonishment  at  the  strength  of  the  old  guru’s  mind.  “Enough  time  later  to  play  these  games  of  wit,  we  must  all  trust  one  another  here.  Your  leader  is  injured  and  is  truly  being  cared  for  in  the  cave  by  my  sister.”
Homesteads  guru  put  her  left  hand  to  Denny’s  right  and  closed  her  eyes.  “Not  games  child,  not  games.  You  do  not  belong  here,  but  here  you  are.  Mystery.  I  see  your  time  to  come  but  poorly,  and  then  only  so  far,  as  if  you  are  hidden  from  me.”  Her  eyes  flew  open  wide  and  she  looked  round  Denny  to  the  others  still  sitting  on  the  grass.
“Blessed  Lady,  I  can  hear  young  ones!  Just  who  are  you  people?”  She  turned  to  the  archer,  “this  is  no  time  for  arguments,  put  up  your  weapons.”
Jade  lowered  her  bow  at  the  command,  and  the  other  six  women  and  girls  stepped  forward  to  stand  beside  her.  They  were  dressed  in  similar  fashion  to  Jade,  and  armed  with  spears  and  axes.  Behind  Denny,  the  miners  stood  slowly  and  were  careful  to  make  no  sudden  moves.  The  Homesteaders  stared  in  awe  as  the  ex  security  chief  rose  from  the  grass.  Anton  was  tall  by  anyone’s  standards,  but  was  going  to  be  a  giant  among  the  girls  in  the  village.  Ma  Nesbitt  surveyed  the  miners.  “I’ve  seen  most  things  in  this  life,  but  I  can’t  see  you  clearly.  I  see  you  angel,  but  not  them.  You’re  one  of  us.  You  have  the  gift.  And  another  thing.  They  smell  wrong.  Not  just  dirty,  but  wrong.  Why  should  that  be?”  Denny  smiled,  she  was  beginning  to  like  this  old  woman,  and  she  indicated  towards  Margaret  and  Gudrun.  “These  two  are  great  warriors  from  a  far  place.  They  are  the  last  of  their  family  and  these  four  are  their  men,”  She  said  the  last  words  in  a  stage  whisper,  and  the  woman’s  eyes  flew  open  wide.  “They  are  also  warriors,  but  of  a  lesser  nature,  naturally.”  She  was  enjoying  the  old  guru’s  reactions.  “And  they  have  two  more in  the cave.”
Ma  Nesbitt  was  shuffling  her  weight  from  leg  to  leg,  almost  dancing,  and  was  humming  under  her  breath.  At  last  she  managed  to  speak.  “Bloody  hells  girl,  I’ve  seen  the  man  in  Central  a  time  or  two,  but  now,  six  in  one  go?  We’ve  got  to  be  careful.  Got  to  keep  this  to  ourselves  for  a  while.  Till  we  can  decide  what  to  do,  of  course.”
Denny  controlled  her  mirth,  “of  course,”  she  replied.  “That  would  be  best.”
The  two  parties  didn’t  quite  mingle,  but  animosity  and  suspicion  had  given  way  to  open  curiosity,  and  the  four  male  miners  found  themselves  being  scrutinised  by  the  six  women  from  Homestead,  while  Denny,  Ma  Nesbitt,  Jade,  Margaret  and  Gudrun  stood  by  the  still  closed  door  of  the  Never  Look  Back.  Margaret  and  Denny  explained  their  arrival  to  the  best  of  their ability,  and  the  two  Homesteaders  went  into  raptures  when  they  realised  that  the  strangers  were  Hood’s  representatives  on  Earth,  although  they  struggled  to  grasp  the  concept  of  Hood  being  anything  to  do  with  mining.  Mining  took  place  under  the  ground,  over  by  Tintown.
Peals  of  laughter  from  outside  broke  up  their  meeting  and  they  went  out  to  find  that  the  village  smithy,  Billie  Forster,  was  arm  wrestling  Walter,  and  winning.  Easily.  Well,  she  was  26  years  old  and  a  big  girl  wasn’t  she,  and  wielding  a  hammer  for  a  living  can  do  wonders  for  your  biceps.  Walter’s  hand  was  forced  into  the  grass  once  more  and  the  girls  cheered  again.
“Who  wants  to  try  their  luck  now?”  She  asked  the  grinning  miners.
Anton  offered  to  take  up  the  challenge,  “I’ll  give  it  a  try  lady.”
“Not  likely.  It  would  be  like  wrestling  a  bear.”
More  laughter,  and  a  small  voice  called  out,  “She’s  no  lady,  just  ask  Flame.”
The  laughter  died  instantly,  and  an  embarrassed  silence  followed  as  Ma  Nesbitt  hurried   up  to  the  silent  group  of  red  faced  girls  and  confused  miners.
“Loose  talk  like  that  can  bring  great  sorrow,  Tanya  Vine.  Now  we’re  off  and  away  home,  and  no  one  must  learn  what  happened  here  today.  This  must  not  reach  the  ears  of  Central  or  Martha  Torrent,  or  her  creature,  Strake.  Sabe?”
Tanya  mumbled  her  apologies  to  Billie  and  the  guru,  who  gave  her  a  withering  look,  then  carried  on,   “Jade  and  Denny  will  stay  here  to  wait  for  the  others,  while  we  go  to  South  Farm,  where  it  seems  I  have  to  remind  you  again  what  it  means  to  be  a  Homestead  girl.”  The  two  groups  said  their  goodbyes  to  Jade  and  Denny,  and  went  along  the  trail  leading  Westward  into  the  woods,  the  Homestead  girls  in  front  of  the  miners.  The  guru  and  Margaret  were  in  the  rear  and  they  talked  softly  together  throughout  the  short   journey  to  South  Farm.
Paying  Homage
At  the  cave,  preparations  were  being  made  for  a  night  camp,  Jade  collecting  wood  from  the  edge  of  the  clearing,  and  Denny  arranging  rocks  in  a  circle  for  the  fire  in  the  cave  entrance.  They  eventually  sat  and  surveyed  their  handiwork.
“Nice  fire,”  Denny  said,  “shame  we’ve  nothing  to  eat  though.”
The  Homestead  hunter  smiled  wryly,  “oh,  I  think  that  we’ll  find  a  stray  rabbit  or  something  like  that.”
She  had  raised  her  voice  on  the  word  'rabbit'  and  Denny  stared  into  her  eyes.
“Me  and  my  sister  aren’t  like  the  others.  We  know  about  the  dogs.”
The  two  girls  looked  at  each  other,  and  the  silence  that  followed  seemed  to  last  forever.  “Very  well.  But  I  make  no  excuses.  We  are  more  than  woman  and  dog,  we  are  all  seeing,  all  knowing,  and  in  the  forest  we  are  like  demons  in  the  night.  Invincible,”  was  all  Jade  would  say  in  reply.  The  conversation  didn’t  get  started  again  until  the  quiet  of  the  afternoon  was  broken  by  slight  noises  from  outside  the  cave.  As  fast  as  Denny  was, the  dog  that  delivered  the  dead  rabbit  was  gone  before  she  could  get  there . She  picked   up  the  carcase  and  carried  it  back  inside.  “Strange  hunters  these  dogs  of  yours,  it’s  been   caught  in  a  snare.  Look.”  She  held  it  up,  “no  teeth  marks.”
“Invincible,”  said  Jade  smugly.

In  the  Never  Look  Back,  the  initial  frantic  activity  had  died  down.  Sylvia  was  safe  in  the  care  of  the  auto  medic,  and  Gilda,  Simon,  Ricardo  and  Caren  could  look  to  their  immediate  needs.  They  were  all,  to  some  extent,  covered  in  Sylvia’s  blood  and  Caren  ordered  them  to  take  off  their  soiled  clothes  and  get  cleaned  up.  Caren  came  out  of  the  toilet  unit  naked  and  handed  a  small  towel  to  Simon  who  took  it  in  wide  eyed  wonder.  “Dry  me,”  she  commanded  and  turned  her  back  to  him.  She  was  now  facing  Gilda.
“Go  and  get  washed  now,”  she  said  to  the  astonished  girl,  who  hurried  into  the  unit  and  shut  the  door  quickly.  She  returned  as  Simon  was  on  his  knees  in  front  of  Caren  drying  her  legs  and  feet.  Caren  was  breathing  slowly  and  deeply  with  both  her  hands  on  Simon’s  shoulders,  and  she  bent  down  to  him  and  whispered.
“We  wash,  we  dry,  and  then  we  lie.  I’m  older  than  I  look  and  I  feel  a  need  for  you.”
“Don’t  believe  in  wasting  time  on  small  talk,  do  you?”  He  replied.
He  reluctantly  left  them  to  enter  the  washroom  and  Caren  addressed  Gilda,  “you  know  he’s  a  man,  don’t  you?”
Gilda  said  nothing  but  chewed  at  her  bottom  lip.
“This  is  what  men  are  for  girl,  to  give  us  pleasure.”
“I  shouldn’t  be  here.”  Gilda  blurted  out  at  last,  “it’s  all  gone  wrong.  I  should  be  in  the  woods,  meeting  my  hunting  partner  today.”
“It’s  gone  wrong  for  a  lot  of  folk  today.  We  have  to  change  with  the  changing  times,  and  I’m  sure  that  soon,  all  will  be  well  again.”  She  held  out  another  towel   to  the  astonished  but  willing  Ricardo.  “Including  Ricky’s  black  eye.”
Denny  had  taken  offence  at  a  trivial  remark  made  by  Ricky,  and  she  had  shown  that  the  hours  spent  in  the  kendo  ring  had  been  well  spent.
“Well?”  Caren  demanded.
“Your  wish  is  my  command  oh  angel  of  light,”  and  he  took  the  offered  cloth.
“Stand  still  and  enjoy  it,”  she  said  softly  to  the  worried  Gilda,  and  the  washing  and  drying  session  became  one  of  intense  lovemaking,  eventually  leaving  them  in  a  state  of  euphoric  weariness.  Caren  only  faintly  heard  the  Never  speaking  to  her,  from  the  panel  beyond  the  medico.
“CAREN,  THE  SUBJECT  IS  STABILISED.  REBUILD  OF  TORSO  LEFT  SIDE  COMMENCING.”
No  reply  came  from  the  drowsy  girl.
“CAREN,  DNA  STRUCTURE  IS  ELEMENTALLY  DIFFERENT TO  CORE  MODEL.  PROTOCOL  BEYOND  PARAMETERS.”
Still  no  reply.
“CAREN,  DO  YOU  UNDERSTAND  ME?”
“Yes  Never,  continue.  You’re  doing  a  good  job,”  and  she  drifted  off  into  sleep  again.  The  Never  wasn’t  programmed  to  swear  or  throw  tantrums,  so  the  medico  got  it’s  new  instructions  promptly  from  the  time  ship’s  logic  core,  and  Sylvia’s  nervous  system,  soft   tissue  and  bone  structure  were  repaired  and  restructured  to  follow  the  composite  model  that  Never  built  from  parallel  projection  theory.
Sylvie  would  be  whole  again,  but  different.
Chapter 5
of  Arrivals  and  Departures
South  Farm
Connie  Nesbitt  called  a  halt  before  they  left  the  trees, and  asked  for  quiet  while  she  surveyed  the  open  country  before  them.
“Tanya,  tell  me  who’s  down  there  at  South  Farm   today.”  Billie  had  promised  Tanya  a  thrashing  when  they  were  alone  and  the  worried  girl  wrinkled  her  brow  in  thought.
“Well,  obviously  there’s  Sali  and  her  mum,  but  not  Tilly,  cos  she  was  going  to  North  pasture  to  gather  some  romero,  or  some  such  weed  like  that,  and  Ellen  was  gonna  go  with  her  to  try  and  get  a  yoke  on  that  big  bastard  ox  with  the  odd  horns,  so  that  leaves  Georgie.  I  think.”  She  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  added,  “maybe.”
“So,  if  I  understands  your  ramblings  aright,  you  reckon  three  down  there  then.  Lets  see  now.”  The  old  guru  cocked  her  head  to  one  side  as  if  straining  to  hear  something  only  just  audible.  “Mmmm.  You’re  probably  right  girl,  but  there’s  company  coming  on  the  road  from  Gap.  Can’t  see  them  proper  yet,  but  more  than  one  I  think.”  She  motioned  for  them  to  gather  round,  and  told  them  to  walk  the  last  couple  of  kilometres  to  the  farm  in  pairs.  “One  of  us  and  one  of  you,”  she  instructed.  “No  more  than  one  pair  in  the  open  at  a  time.  Never  know  who’s  looking,  and  we  don’t  want  you  seen  yet  by  the  wrong  eyes.  And  as  for  you,”  she  indicated  towards  Anton,  “Lady  alone  knows  how  you  get  there  unseen.  You’re  so  big  you  might  have  to  wait  till  night  fall.”
Anton  gave  a  low  laugh,  “It’ll  be  a  pleasure  just  to  sit  and  rest,  knowing  that  there’s  nothing  out  there  trying  to  kill  me  all  the  time.”
Gudrun  confirmed  his  sentiment,  “too  true  honey  bear.  It’s  been  a  long  time  since  we  could  sleep  without  at  least  one  of  us  crying  or  screaming  in  the  night.”
There  were  murmurs  of  agreement  from  the  others,  and  Ma  Nesbitt  answered  Gudrun.  “Sounds  as  if  you  come  from  a  terrible  world,  and  though  the  Lady’s  sent  you  to  help  us,  maybe  it’s  us  that’ll  be  helping  you?  Much  to  think  about,  in  this  mystery.”
She  left  the  shelter  of  the  trees  for  the  farm,  and  when  she  was  about  half  way  there,  Gudrun  set  off  with  Sara  Cowslip.  Then,  with  nearly  two  hours  gone  by,  the  only  ones  still  to  leave  the  wood  were  Margaret,  Anton,  Billie  Forster  and  Jan  Crane.  The  ‘company’  on  the  road  from  Gap  was  the  peddler  woman,  Fran  Collier,  with  an  ox  cart  driven  by  her  daughter  Jean.  They  had  stopped  to  water  their  two  pairs  of  oxen  at  the  far  pond,  but  had  eventually  moved  on  and  out  of  sight  again.  Jan  returned  from  the  woods  edge  and  sat  down  with  the  others.
“They’ve  gone.  It  should  be  safe  now,  but  it  won’t  be  dark  for  about  an  hour  and  a  half?”  She  looked  at  Billie,  who  glanced  up  at  the  sky.
“Probably.  You  take  Margret  now,  and  we’ll  be  along  in  a  couple  of  hours.  Can’t  let  this  one  be  seen  in  daylight,  he’ll  frighten  the  chickens.”
Margaret  asked  if  they  would  be  alright  in  the  wood  on  their  own.
Billie  laughed,  “course  we  will  missus,  there’s  nothing  scarier  in  these  woods  than  us  two,  now  is  there?”  Jan  confirmed  Billie’s  words,  and  she  and  Margaret  started  out  on  the  journey  over  the  fields  to  South  Farm.
Billie  watched  them  for  ten  minutes  then  went  to  sit  with  Anton.  “Is  it  right  that  you’ve  been  fighting  for  hundreds  of  years  then?”
“Not  really,  but  it  seemed  like  it  at  times  when  all  we  could  do  was  slow  the  enemy  down  and  watch  our  friends  die.  It’s  very  complicated.”
“And  you  saw  Hood?  Really  actually  saw  her?”
Anton  closed  his  eyes  briefly  and  smiled,  “I  was  there  from  the  beginning.  She  was  beautiful.  We  all  loved  her.”
“Will  she  be  back?  Nessie  says  that  Margret’s  been  talking  to  her.  We've  been  praying  to  her  proper,  every  month,  like  it  says  in  the  book.  It  was  my  turn  last  week.  Don’t  know  if  she  listens  though.”
All  this  was  a  mystery  to  Anton,  who  frowned  as  he  answered,  “Yes,  the  old  Hood’s  still  there,  and  Margaret  did  get  a  strange  message  from  her.  Seems  that  she  wants  to  talk  to  us  soon,  but  she’s  got  things  to  do  first.”
“It’ll  be  good  to  see  the  village  grow  again,  now  that  we’ve  got  a  man  of  our  own.  Hasn’t  been  a  regular  man  in  Homestead  for…”  She  shook  her  head  slowly,  “...three  generations,  probably.  Six  men.  Lady,  that’ll  be  worth  fighting  for  when  the  patrol  comes  back  again.”
Anton  turned  to  her  in  surprise,  “I  don’t  understand.”
“Nothing  to  understand,  bear  man.  We  have  trouble  with  Martha’s  patrol  twice  a  year,  but  with  men  in  the  village,  it’ll  turn  into  bloodshed.  They’ll  try  to  steal  you  from  us.  The  only  men  we  ever  saw  were  over  in  Central,  and  we  haven’t  been  sent  for  in  years.  Ivy  Tulip  got  the  call  ten  years  ago,  said  it  were  the  worst  thing  she  ever  did.  Said  he  was  pathetic.  You  won’t  be  pathetic,  I  can  tell.”  There  was  a  brief  silence  as  they  both  contemplated  her  words.
“Damn,”  she  said  suddenly,  “Tanya  were  right,  I  ain’t  no  lady.  Kiss  me  bear  man,  I’ve  waited  long  enough,”  and  she  threw  her  arms  around  him  in  a  rough  embrace.

Gudrun  and  Sara  had  nearly  caught  up  with  the  guru  when  she  was  met  at  the  farm’s  gate  by  Wandra  Vorden,  mother  to  Tilly  and  Sali.
“Ma  Nesbitt?  You’re  looking  a  mite  peaky.  Are  them  two  cause  for  trouble?”  “Trouble  right  enough  Wandra,  but  not  like  you  would  think.  You’re  going  to  have  guests  for  a  while,  hope  yon  cottage  is  fit  to  live  in,”   indicating  the  dilapidated  building  opposite  the  house. The  bemused  farmer  contemplated  the  two  approaching  figures.
“They  can  sleep  in  the  kitchen  if  they  like,  save  mucking  out  the  other  place.”
“Aye,  well  there’s  the  thing  you  see.  Happen  there’ll  be  at  least  eight  extra  mouths  for  you  to  feed  for  a  time.”
Wandra’s  voice  went  up  an  octave.  “Eight?  Why  isn’t  Frankie  taking  them  in?  She  can  cope  with  dozens,  she  can.”
“Hush  now,  this  is…  secret  like.  When  you  meet  them,  you’ll   see  they’re  something  special.  And  as  for  food,  last  time  I  looked,  this  was  a  farm.  There’s  enough  to  go  round.”
Wandra  wasn’t  convinced,  “Aye,  and  it’s  all  spoken  for.  Central  have  got  first  pick  when  Martha  comes  back.”
“Well  then,  when  Mad  Martha  returns,  mayhap  she’ll  get  a  surprise.”  She  took  the  unhappy  farmer  by  the  arm  and  urged  her  back  to  the  house.  During  the  next  two  hours  or  so,  four  more  couples  came  in  from  the  field,  and  after  Wandra  and  Georgie’s  initial  surprise  at  the  nature  of  their  guests,  they  set  about  the  task  of  catering  for  them  all,  while  the  miners  tried  to  get  the  cottage  habitable  again.

At  nearly  fourteen  years  old,  the  two  friends  Sali  and  Tanya  were  the  youngest  in  the  village.  Sali  worked  on  the  farm  and  Tanya  was  a  skivvy  in  her  mum’s  taverna,  but  three  years  ago,  she  had  started  behaving  very  strangely,  and  had  suddenly  taken  an  abnormal  interest  in  goats,  so  now  she  also  helped  out  on  the  farm  as  a  goatherd.  They  sat  by  the  well  watching  the  frantic  activity  in  the  farm  yard,  and  Tanya  nudged  her  soul  mate.
“That’s  the  one  I  told  you  about.  No,  don’t  point,  he’ll  see  you.  Rude  to  point  anyway.  Not  a  single  hair  on  his  head,  bald  as  a  frog’s  arse  he  is.  It  all  fell  out  cos  they’ve  been  fighting  for  2,000  years.  No  it’s  true,  that  Walter  told  me  about  it  when  we  was  waiting  for  that  pedlar  woman  to  move  her  wagon.”
“What  sort  of  a  name’s  Walter.  Never  heard  a  name  like  Walter  before.”
“Don’t  you  ever  listen,  Sali?  I  told  you,  it’s  cos  he’s  a  man,  and  they’ve  all  got  names  like  that.  Except  the  women  folk  of  course,  They’ve  got  proper  names,  and  don’t  look  at  me  like  that  Sali  Vorden.  We  was  only  hiding  in  the  bushes,  not  making  babies.  If  he  tried  that  with  me,  he’d  get  a  sharp  surprise.”
Sali’s  eyes  widened  as  Tanya  showed  her  the  knife  she  had  taken  from  the  trooper  she  had  killed.  “Lady  above,  it’s  a  nasty  looking  blade.  Don’t  let  old  Nessie  know  you’ve  got  it,  or  you’ll  not  have  it  long.”
“No  intentions  of  sharing  this  with  anyone.  It’ll  go  with  the  rest  of  my  treasures  in  my  secret  hiding  place.  Anyway,  Walter.”  She  paused,  savouring  the  sound  of  the  strange  name.  “Walter’s  nice,  for  a  man  that  is,  even  if  he  is  really  old.”
Sali  frowned.  “Don’t  look  2,000  years  old  to  me.  Don’t  look  no  older  than  Queenie,  an’  Mum  says  she’s  nearly  60.”
“No,  I  don’t  mean  that  old.  He’s  just  a  bit  past  his  best,  and  anyway  they’ve  got  two  angels  living  with  them,  no,  I’ve  seen   them.  All  shining  armour  an’  chuffing  great  swords,  an’  they  stop  them  getting  older.  It’s  magic  you  see.”
“Georgie  said  it’s  magic  as  well.  Said  she’ll  be  getting  some  hormones  soon.”
“What  you  girls  doing  there?  Go  see  if  them  miserable  hens  have  laid  any  more  eggs,  we’ve  got  some  hungry  folks  to  feed.”
“Yes  mum,”  said  Sali,  and  they  reluctantly  went  back  to  work.

After  the  hastily  prepared  dinner,  served  in  the  barn,  the  miners  listened  while  Connie  Nesbitt  outlined  the  local  political  situation  to  them.  Violet  in  Central  was  ruler  by  force  of  arms,  and  Mad  Martha’s  patrol  would  be  back  within  six  months  to  collect  ‘taxes’  and  gather  recruits  for  the  army.  Taxes  was  another  term  for  bribery,  theft  and  corruption,  and  the  recruits  had  no  choice  but  to  enrol  as  troopers,  or  else.
“What  I  don’t  understand,”  said  Jimmy,  “is  where  have  all  the  men  gone?”
“It’s  just  fairy  tales  now,”  answered  Wandra,  “but  we  believe  it  could  be  true.  Many  hundreds  of  years  ago,  this  was  a  fair  land,  but  invaders  came  from  the  skies.”
They  gave  her  their  full  attention,  the  Homesteaders  enraptured  by  the  old  story,  the  miners  in  anticipation  of  learning  what  had  become  of  the  world  they  had  known.
“Evil  beasts  they  were,  with  eyes  like  hot  coals  and  lightning  coming  from  their  fingers,  and  none  could  stand  against  them.  All  over  the  world  they  made  great  sorrow,  and  everywhere  they  went  the  land  was  poisoned,  but  the  three  sisters  of  the  night  hunted  them  down  and  destroyed  them  all.  That  was  when  we  lost  our  Lady,  Hood,  and  she  looked  away  from  us.  But  when  she  turns  to  us  once  more  every  month,  we  pray  for  her  to  return  again.”
“Hasta  la  vista,”  intoned  all  the  Homesteaders,  much  to  the  miners  surprise.
“After  the  land  and  air  were  spoiled  by  the  evil  ones  blood,  many  animals  and  birds  were  gone,  never  to  return  again,  and  only  one  in  ten  children  born  to  woman  was  a  boy  child,  but  in  Homestead,  we  have  kept  the  faith  according  to  the  word  of  Speck  the  warrior  priest.  Now,  you’re  the  only  men  that  we  know  of  this  side  of  the  sierras.  There  are  rumours  of  men  to  the  South,  but  none  here  have  seen  them.”
There  was  a  slight  pause,  and  Marcus  said,  “Three  sisters,  treble  H.”
Then  Walter  joined  in  with,  “Hood,  Hawk  and  Hind.  But  who’s  ‘Speck’?”
“He  was  a  great  warrior,  and  after  destroying  the  last  monster,  he  declared  that  the  cave  was  a  holy  site,  and  should  be  kept  ready  for  Hood  to  return.”
Gudrun  spoke  aloud  what  some  of  them  were  thinking.  “Is  there  a  family  round  here  called  Donovan?  We  knew  a  Specs  Donovan,  but  last  we  saw  him,  the  medics  were  probably  going  to  take  his  legs.”
“Not  heard  that  name  before,”  replied  Wandra,  “we  only  know  him  as  Speck.”
Connie  Nesbitt  turned  to  Margaret.  “The  one  called  Denzil  said  that  her  travelling  machine  is  broken,  which  means  that  you  can  go  nowhere.  Is  that  right?”
Margaret  nodded.  “From  what  we  have  seen,  that  certainly  seems  to  be  true.”
“Then  I  propose,”  said  the  guru  slowly,  “to  invite  you  all  to  join  our  community,  which  means  that  we  shall  probably  have  to  shed  blood  against  Central.  If  we  stand  firm,  then  I  think  that  Dockside  and  Crampton  will  be  with  us.  More  than  those  two,  I  cannot  say.
Margaret  butted  in,  “We’ve  been  fighting  for  our  lives,  your  lives  as  well,  for  nearly  half  a  year  now.  We  were  going  to  die,  but  suddenly  we’re  snatched  away  from  it,  and  it’s  a  miracle  that  we  have  survived.  I’ve  had  enough.  I’m  only  an  administrator,  not  a  trained  soldier.”  The others  murmured  their  agreement  and  she  continued,  “I  see  no  reason  to  take  sides  in  what  is,  to  us,  a  local  dispute.  We  can’t  commit  ourselves  to  any  cause  until  Hood  has  spoken  with  us  again.  First,  we  are  Hood,  but  if  what  you  want,  is  what  we  all  want,  then,  and  only  then,  shall  we  join  you.”
All  this  talk  of  ‘our  Lady,  Hood’  was  very  strange  and  needed  a  lot  of  thinking  about.
“Margaret  dear,”  Gudrun  butted  in,  “wait  for  the  angels  as  well.  They  probably  know  more  about  this  than  any  of  us.”
“And,”  said  Jimmy,  “If  we  still  work  for  Hood,  then  I’m  owed  about  24,000  months  back  pay.”
This  was  greeted  by  jeers  and  hoots  of  laughter   from  the  miners,  and  baffled  silence  from  the  villagers.  The  meeting  was  over  and  shortly  before  sunset,  Constance  Nesbitt and  the  four  women,  Sara,  Lottie,  Posy  and  Jan  left  for  Homestead,  after  giving  instructions  that  the  miners  should  not  be  seen  by  anyone,  especially  travelling  folk  like  that  Fran  Collier.

Anton  and  Billie  arrived  after  dark,  and  had  a  cold  supper  before  going  their  separate  ways,  Anton  to  the  cottage,  while  Billie  went  to  talk  to  Georgie,  sitting  on  the  porch.  Georgie  was  25,  a  drover,  and  had  nearly  as  much  muscle  as  Billie  the  blacksmith.
“What  do  you  make  of  all  this  Billie?  Can  we  keep  them  to  ourselves,  or  is  it  the  start  of  the  end  for  us?”
“If  it’s  up  to  me  Jo,  we’ll  keep  them  here,  I’ll  fight  tooth  and  nail  for  it,  and  so  will  you  after  a  week  or  so.”
Georgie  raised  her  eyebrows  sceptically  at  her  friends  vehement  statement,  “You’re  very  uppity  tonight,  why’s  that  then?”
Billie  smiled  and  flashed  her  eyes  at  her,  “Don’t  be  angry  with  me  Georgie  love,  but  I’ve  been  with  him.  On  my  own,  in  the  woods.  Lady  he’s  heavy,  thought  he  was  going  to  squash  me  flat.  Then  I  lay  on  him,  and  we  did  it  again.  Didn’t  think  I  could  walk  this  far  after  that.”
“Flaming  hells  girl,  didn’t  take  you  long  to  stake  your  claim,  did  it.”
“Hi  daddy  bear,”  Gudrun  called  out  in  greeting  as  Anton  entered  the  cottage,  “been  arm  wrestling  the  local  blacksmith?”
Anton  smiled  at  her,  “wasn’t  my  arm  she  was  wrestling  Goodie.”
She  stared  at  him,  hands  on  hips,  “you  two  timing  heart  breaker.  You  promised  that  I  was  your  true  love,”  and  burst  out  laughing.
“Taking  advantage of  the  poor  natives  already,”  said  Jimmy,  shaking  his  head.
There  was  no  animosity  intended.  Gudrun  and  Margaret  had  taken  all  the  miners  in  their  group  as  lovers,  and  some  who  had  died  in  the  Jalon  Valley  as  well.
“Margaret,”  Gudrun  called  out,  “come  and  tell  him,  he’s  been  naughty  again.”

Midday  the  following  day,  Gilda  came  to  the  farm  with  Simon  and  Ricardo,  but  after  kissing  them  both  goodbye,  left  immediately  for  Homestead.  They  reported  that  there  was  no  change  with  the  time  machine,  which  seemed  to  have  had  a  serious  malfunction  in  it’s  operating  system.  Other  than  that,  Caren  estimated  that  Sylvia  would  be  in  the  medico  for  nine  or  ten  days,  and  would  then  need  another  week  or  so  to  recover.
No  one  actually  said,  'we  are  staying'”  but  over  the  next  few  days,  a  sense  of  belonging  grew  within  all  of  them,  and  they  knew  an  inner  peace  that  had  been  missing  from  their  lives  for  a  long  time.
Preparations
“Tanya,”  called  Sali,  “over  here.”  They  sat  behind  the  potting  shed.  “You  should  have  heard  them,  Tan.”
“Heard  what  Sali  Vorden?”
“I’m  telling  you  ain’t  I?  Georgie  had  grabbed  that  Simon,  you  know,  the  bald  one.  Well,  she  grabbed  him  and  dragged  him  in  here,  right  into  this  shed,  and  they  was  making  such  a  noise,  moaning  and  all  that,  I  thought  they  was  fighting,  but  then  they  came  out  looking  right  pleased  with  themselves,  and  just  wandered  off  as  if  nothing  had  happened.  And  you’ll  never  guess  what  Tanya  Vine.”
“What  then?”
“She  kissed  him!”  said  Sali  forcefully.
Tanya  looked  thoughtful  for  a  moment  with  narrowing  eyes.  “Trollop.”
“And,  his  hair’s  growing  back.  No,  it’s  true,  I’ve  seen  it.”
“Well  you  know  what  that  was,  don’t  you?  Hormones  and  magic,  that’s  what  Sali  Vorden.”
“Sali,  Tanya.  What  you  sitting  there  for?  Go  and  get  some  more  potatoes  for  us.”
“Oh  I  hate  digging  taters,”  moaned  Tanya.

Within  the  first  week,  the  miners  had  realised  the  full  extent  of  the  deteriorating  situation  between  Homestead  and  Central,  and  Anton  and  Simon,  who  had  both  graduated  from  army  college,  had  been  persuaded  to  give  the  villagers  the  benefit  of  their  military  upbringing.  After  initial  resistance,  Margaret  finally  agreed  that  it  would  be  a  good  move.  They  had  talked  with  the  farm  girls  and  the  guru,  and  had  accepted  that  the  women  were  as  tough  as  most  men  they  had  known,  and  were  going to  be  more  than  equal  partners  in  any  future  events.  They  sat,  as  usual,  in  the  barn.  Ricardo  had  been  a  shuttle  pilot,  and  was  drawing  maps  in  the  dirt  floor  from  memory.
“So,  if  this  is  us  at  Jalon,  then  this,”  he  made  another  cross  in  the  dirt,  “is  Villena,  now  called  Central.  No  direct  route  and  hard  country  to  negotiate.”
“Hopefully,  we’ll  not  have  to  go  there,”  offered  Simon,  “this  Martha  woman’s  coming  to  us  first  anyway.  And  at  least  we  don’t  have  to  worry  about  cavalry.”
Their  earlier  comments  about  riding  into  battle  had  been  met  with  blank  looks  from  the  women.  Apparently,  Queenie  Oates  had  seen  a  picture  of  a  horse  in  Central  one  time,  and  it  seemed  that  horses,  like  pigs,  had  been  bred  out  of  existence  by  the  aliens  biological  weapons.  They  looked  up  at  the  sound  of  approaching  voices.
“They’re  here,”  said  Marcus,  standing  by  the  barn  door,  “about  eight  of  them,  I  think.”  Moments  later,  nine  villagers  carrying  spears  came  into  the  barn,  ranging  in  age  from  mid  teens  to  about  fortyish?  Some  of  them  had  been  to  ‘training  camp’  before,  but  the  newcomers  gave  the  men  appraising  looks,  one  of  the  older  women  brushing  up  against  Marcus  in  passing,  pursing  her  lips  in  a  mock  kiss  as  she  did  so.  Anton  welcomed  them  in,  and  they  began  a  morning  of  ancient  arms  drill  and  tactics  theory  that  they  remembered  from  Vegetius  and  Sun  Tzu.  The  world  of  war  had  gone  full  circle,  and  copies  of  their  ancient  books  would  have  been  best  sellers  again.
On  the  first  day,  Anton  had  asked  how  battles  were  fought  now,  but  no  one  could  give  a  definite  answer  as  the  last  war  had  been  about  two  hundred  years  ago.
The  one  plain  fact  they  got  backed  up  what  Denny  and  Caren  had  told  their  sceptical  audience  in  the  time  machine.  Any  energy  source  on  the  planets  surface  was  liable  to  attract  a  thunderbolt  from  the  heavens.  Hawk  and  Hind  had  been  in  orbit  for  2,100  years  and  Hind’s  deranged  logic  core  had  been  unable  to  differentiate  between  friendly  and  enemy  power  transmissions.  The  thunderbolts  were  rocks  from  the  miners  dwindling  cargoes,  so  energy  weapons  had  been  replaced  with  spears  and  swords.
The  girls  gave  their  own,  varied  accounts  about  how  they  would  charge  pell-mell  into  the  waiting  unorganised  mob  of  poorly  armed  and  cowardly  troopers  facing  them,  then  all  emerge  heroes  at  the  end  of  the  day.
Jimmy  watched  in  horror  as  they  acted  out  their  words  and  whispered  to  Anton,  “they  know  nothing,  it’ll  be  a  fiasco.  They’re  all  going  to  die.”
Anton  nodded  slowly.  “So  might  we,  if  we  let  them  carry  on  like  that.”
So  the  villagers  were  slowly,  and  reluctantly  at  first,  retrained  as  a  phalanx,  or  ‘shield  wall’,  which  depended  on  rigid  discipline  to  hold  firmly  together.  Each  warrior  had  to  stand  firm  and  protect  the  person  to  her  left.  Like  bricks  in  a  wall,  they  would  stand  together  or  the  wall  would  collapse,  with  deadly  results  for  them  all.
Anton  picked  out  thirty  to  become  hoplites  in  two  rows  of  fifteen,  and  then  a  third  row  of  lightly  armed  ‘cleaners’,  armed  with  knives,  short  swords  and  axes,  who  would  have  the  job  of  making  sure  the  enemy  wounded  didn’t  get  up  again.  The  first  two  rows  would  be  given  whatever  armour  was  available,  including  boots  and  leggings  reinforced  with  steel  strips  for  extra  protection.
The  weeks  passed  and  the  little  army  grew  more  confident,  and  finally  Caren,  Denny,  Jade  and  Sylvia  came  over  the  meadow  to  the  farm.  Georgie  came  running  out  of  the  makeshift  forge  and  hugged  Sylvia.
“Bless  the  Lady  for  giving  you  back  to  us,  Sylvie,  and  for  sending  these  heroes  to  help  us.”
Sylvia  held  her  off  a  little,  “gently  now  Jo,  I’m  still  a  bit  delicate.  Don’t  feel  quite  right  yet,  but  it’ll  pass  I’m  sure.  Now,  I  must  meet  the  heroes  who  are  going  to  save  us  all   from  the  end  of  the  world.”
Caren  and  Denny  had  given  Sylvie  and  Jade  all  the  ‘history/future’  that  they  thought   was  safe  and  proper,  so  both  of  the  villagers  were  aware  of  where  the  Never  had  been  to  and  originally  come  from,  and  what  was  probably  going  to  occur  in  the  near  future.  They  had  been  deliberately  vague  about  certain  points,  as  the  prayer  book  ‘Mother  and  Lady’  was  proving  to  be  general,  rather  than  specific.  Anton  urged  Simon  to  show  off  the  weapons  and  armour  that  Georgie  and  Billie  were  producing  in  the  forge  they  had  built  in  one  of  the  sheds  next  to  the  barn.  Most  of  the  armour  was  actually  made  of  leather,  but  would  be  vital  in  any  conflict  to  come,  especially  the  wrist  guards  studded  with  short  steel  spikes,  which  made  them  as  much  a  weapon  as  a  protector,  and  the  boots  reinforced  with  steel  strips.  Sylvia  was  impressed  by  the  progress  made,  and  said  that  she  barely  recognised  some  of  the  girls  in  their  new  attire  when  they  demonstrated  the  phalanx  in  full  armour.
Simon  stood  in  the  centre  of  the  second  line  and  surveyed  his  little  band  with  pride.  “Lock  shields,”  he  bellowed  suddenly,  and  the  clash  of  wooden  shields  made  Sylvia  jump  as  the  front  rows  of  Homesteaders  became  a  single  unit.
His  voice  rang  out  again.  “Who  are  we?”
The  fifty  villagers  answered  him,  “Hood!”
“Who  are  we?”  he  called  out  louder.
“Hood.”  was  the  louder  reply.
“What  do  we  do?”
“Hold  the  wall.”
“Advance.”
With  lowered  spears,  the  lines  moved  cautiously  forward  without  losing  their  cohesion.
“Who’s  that  behind  Georgie?”  Sylvia  asked  Jade.
“Tanya.”  was  the  short  reply.
Sylvia  turned  and  looked  questioningly  at  her  friend.  “Tanya  Vine?”
Jade  nodded.  “Don’t  judge  her  by  her  years.  I’ve  watched  her,  and  agree  with  Connie  that  she  should  be  in  the  line.”
Wide  eyed  with  surprise,  Sylvia  turned  back  to  watch  the  manoeuvres.
She  joined  in  mild  training,  and  during  the  next  couple  of  weeks,  slowly  regained  her  strength,  and  then  surpassed  what  she  had  been  able  to  do  before.
“It’s  because  you  were  so  badly  hurt,”  Caren  told  her,  “the  medico  had  to  rebuild  some  parts  of  you  totally.
“Does  that  mean  that  I’m  less  than  human,  or  more?”
“Neither  sweetie.  It  means  you’re  different  now,  but  more  like  us,  I  think,”  and  she  looked  to  Denny  for  confirmation.
“More  like  you  Caz.  Lets  hope  she’s  not  too  much  like  me.”
“Don’t  put  yourself  down  Denny.  It’s  only  your  mind  that’s  different,  after  all.”
They  were  interrupted  by  Kirsty  Vine,  Tanya’s  sister,  she  was  red  faced  and  breathing  heavily.  “Ran  all  the  way,”  she  gasped,  “message  from  Gap,  Martha’ll  be  here  in  less  than  four  weeks.  Picking  up  recruits  in  Gap  and  Dockside.”
Sylvia  was  elated,  “Now  we  have  you  Martha  Torrent,  better  sooner  than  later.”  She  saw  their  blank  looks  and  explained.  “Haven’t  you  noticed,  at  least  half  a  dozen  of  our  army  seem  to  be  pregnant.  If  Martha  was  to  be  much  later,  then  we’d  be  going  to  battle  with  big  bellies  and  even  bigger  armour.”

They  gathered  all  the  armed  villagers  and  miners  as  often  as  possible  for  full  scale  manoeuvres  and  they  practised  all  possible  scenarios  they  could  think  of,  and  one  afternoon,  Denny  was  sitting  with  Sylvia  on  the  grass  between  exercises.
“What  about  the  dogs?”
“Meaning,  what?”  Asked  Sylvia  quickly  with  narrowed  eyes.
“How  are  they  reacting  to  the  men  being  here?  Will  they  fight  for  us?”
Sylvia  slowly  nodded  her  head,  “they’re  still  running  and  hunting  with  the  girls  in  the  woods,  but  they’re  unpredictable.  They  don’t  like  walls,  so  won’t  come  into  the  village,  but  out  in  the  open….  Who  knows?”
Denny  shrugged  her  shoulders,  “well,  it’s  good  that  they’re  still  on  friendly  terms,”  and  gave  a  little  laugh  as  she  quoted  in  Jade’s  voice,  “by  night,  we’re  invincible.”
Anton  signalled  for  them  to  rejoin  the  group,  “Oh  well,  back  to  wheeling  and  squealing  again.”
They  were  in  full  battle  gear  again,  and  the  solar  powered  helmets  of  the  miners  all  received  the  message  relayed  through  Margaret.
“MOTHERHOOD,  VALANCE  MARGARET.”
“Hello  Hood,  Margaret  here.  It’s  been  longer  than  I  expected.”
“IF  I  WERE  A  CARBON  BASED  BIPEDAL  LIFE  FORM,  THEN  I  WOULD  CONSIDER  THAT  TO  BE  A  RUDE  JOKE.  OR  WOULD  I?  TOKSVIG  GUDRUN  TAUGHT  ME  THAT  MANY  THINGS  THAT  ARE  SPOKEN  ARE  NOT  SPOKEN  AS  INTENDED.  CURIOUS.  NOW,  A  REPORT  WOULD  BE  GOOD,  PLEASE.”
The  miners  waited  expectantly,  and  Anton  drew  Billie  to  him  so  she  could  hear  the  voice  of  Hood.  Likewise,  Sylvia  had  her  head  close  to  Gudrun’s  helmet.
“WHAT  IS  YOUR  SITUATION  GROUNDSIDE?”
“We  are  still  together,  proximity  of  Jalon,  now  called  Homestead,  with  population  of  about  eighty  or  so,  all  female.  We  are  contemplating  taking  active  role  in  civil  war  between  coastal  area  and  inland  centres.  Advice  and  air  reconnaissance  report  would  be  appreciated.”
“NOT  POSSIBLE  AT  THIS  TIME,  BUT  THE  SITUATION  WITH  HIND  MAY  ALTER.”
“So  we  continue  preparations,  conflict  expected  in  no  more  than  twenty  two  days.”
“ALTERNATIVE  STRATEGY.  I  HAVE  A  TASK  FOR  YOU  WHICH  WILL  BE  OF  MUTUAL  BENEFIT  TO  ALL  PARTIES.”
“Tell  me  about  it  then,”  said  Margaret  thoughtfully,  “and  if  it’s  feasible,  we’ll  give  it our  best  shot.”

Later  the  next  afternoon,  after  they  had  washed  off  the  worst  of  the  dirt  and  sweat  of  the  day,  Denny  was  in  conversation  with  Margaret  and  Sylvia.
“You’ll  just  have  to  trust  me  in  this,”  she  insisted.  “What  you  say  is  true,  and  we  will  miss  you.  We’ll  win  the  skirmish  with  the  patrol  and  they’ll  run  back  to  their  mothers  when  they  meet  real  troopers  at  last.”  She  emphasised  the  word  ‘real’,  “but  we  cannot  defeat  Central  unless  you  do  as  Hood  asks,”  and  waited  for  a  reply.
Hood  had  outlined  the  task  she  needed  them  to  carry  out,  and  the  group  had  divided  opinions  about  the  feasibility  of  it.  They  had  been  told  that  the  shuttle  was  refuelled  and   ready  to  go  groundside,  but  the  only  suitable  landing  place,  in  their  area,  was  Valencia’s  commercial  airport,  which  appeared  to  be  strewn  with  wreckage  or  rubble.  So  if  they  wouldn’t  mind,  could  they  please  go  and  clean  up  the  runway?  The  purpose  of  bringing  the  shuttle  to  Valencia  was  a  bit  vague,  but  it  sounded  like  Hood  had  got  a  working  teleport  device  salvaged  from  an  alien  vessel,  and  needed  an  earth  base.  The  tempter  offered  for  their  cooperation,  was  a  new  type  of  weapon  with  low  energy  emissions.  Caren  and  Denny  had  spent  ages  talking  into  the  dark  hours  of  the  night  and  re-reading  the  little  prayer  book.  Caren  was  understanding  about  her  sister’s  fears  of  becoming  ‘the  dark  one’  as  described  in  the  book,  and  was  adamant  that  Denny  would  have  to  make  the  big  decisions  which  could  affect  their  future.  So  there  she  was,  giving  them  what  information  she  could,  or  thought  she  should,  and  persuading  Margaret  to  take  a  small  party  from  the  village  to  Valencia.  Margaret  sighed  again  and  rubbed  her  eyes.
“How  many  should  go,  do  you  think,”  she  asked  Denny,  and  got  what  she  expected,  a  detailed  rundown  of  who  would  make  up  her  group.
“Nine  of  you,”  she  replied  instantly.  “You,  Gudrun,  Ricky,  Walt,  Marcus,  and  Jimmy.  Plus  three  from  the  village,  probably  Ella,  Maria  and  Snowy.”
Sylvie  looked  up  sharply,  “that  cuts  the  heart  from  our  line,  we’ll  only  have  five  top  swords  left.”
“There’ll  be  six  on  the  day.  She  isn’t  here  yet,”  her  voice  dropped  to  a  whisper,  “and  she  doesn’t  know  yet  what’s  to  become  of  her.”  She  whirled  round,  and  left  the  astonished  pair  quickly  before  the  tears  came  again,  running  to  seek  out  Caren.
“It’s  done,”  she  told  her,  “they’ll  be  going  tomorrow.”
As  expected,  the  party  going  to  Valencia  was  made  up  exactly  as  Denny  had  suggested,  and  they  were  on  the  road  before  noon,  with  a  journey  time  of  about  seven  or  eight  days.  Their  return  was  dictated  by  the  state  of  the  runway,  and  the  amount  of  debris  they  would  have  to  move.  Until  they  actually  saw  it  for  themselves,  there  could  be  no  target  time  for  a  return.  There  was  much  hugging  and  kissing,  and  more  than  a  few  tears  as  well.  Hopefully,  contact  could  be  maintained,  either  directly,  or  relayed  through  one  of  the  heavenly  sisters.  They  were  waved  out  of  sight,  and  then  they  were  gone.
There  was  an  unhappy  air  about  the  farm  for  a  few  days,  then  Sylvia,  Billie  and  Jade  invited  Anton  to  go  for  a  walk  in  the  woods  with  them.  They  returned  several  hours  later,  and  Anton  was  greeted  by  Simon,  the  only  other  man  left  there.
“If  Gudrun  was  here,  she’d  box  your  ears  for  you  man.”  He  frowned  at  the  lack  of response  from  Anton.  “What’s  the  matter  fella,  seen  a  ghost?”
“Hell,  boy,  I’ve  seen  worse  than  that.  They  took  me  to  see  the  dogs.  I’ve  met  Billie’s  partner,  Flame.  Makes  you  see  ‘going  to  the  dogs’  in  a  new  light.”
Chapter  6
Of  Cats  and  Dogs
Joan  Tulip
The  salt  marshes  were  behind  them  now,  and  they  were  making  good  progress  over  the  flat  plain,  heading  West  towards  Homestead  and  their  rendezvous  with  Martha’s  troops.  There  were  eight  of  them,  and  Jenny,  one  of  the  ‘volunteers’  joining  the  patrol  group,  turned  and  asked  Sami  the  first  mate,  “Will  we  get  there  before  dark  Sam?”
Sami  put  on  her  best,  I  know  everything  face,  and  said  confidently,  “No  problemo  kid.  Joannie’s  taking  us  on  a  short  cut  through  Burnt  Wood,  but  I’ll  look  after  you.”  She’d  been  inland  before,  knew  where  they  were  heading,  and  wasn’t  too  happy  to  be  going  into  the  woods.
“Sugar,  we’re  for  it  then,”  exclaimed  Kes,  Marlin’s  daughter,  “Denzo  told  me  all  about  the  tree  beasts  who  suck  the  marrow  from  your  bones  and  turn  you  into  fertiliser  to  sell  to  the  grey  gardener.”
“Oh  grow  up  girl,  there’s  no  such  creatures  except  in  your  imagination,  so  be  bloody  quiet,  and  trust  to  our  guru’s  good  judgement.”  replied  Dorian,  the  leader  of  the   unhappy  group.  “We’ll  take  a  break  before  the  trees,  and  Joannie’s  going  to  tell  you  about  the  woods.”  She  looked  across  at  the  very  pensive  guru,  who  nodded  in  return.
Joan,  Dorian  and  Sami  were  taking  the  five  Dockside  recruits  to  Homestead  to  join  Martha’s  patrol,  who  were  returning  to  Central  from  their  summer  foray  into  the  Southern  sierras  and  sweep  up  the  white  coast.  Jenny,  Kerry,  Lydia,  Sasha  and  Curly  were  not  too  eager  to  be  joining  the  glorious  ‘army  of  right’  and  would  rather  be  at  Dockside  sailing  with  the  fleet  or  even  mending  nets.  The  army  was  not  a  good  place  to  be  for  newcomers,  especially  under  Mad  Martha’s  rule.  Not  so  much  an  army,  more  an  undisciplined  mob  of  misfits,  thugs  and  thieves.
The  group  neared  the  woods  edge,  and  Dorian  called  a  halt  at  the  side  of  a  narrow  trickling   brook.  “Twenty  minutes,  then  we’ll  have  to  move  on.  Joannie?”
“OK  captain.  Settle  down  girls,  and  I’ll  tell  you  what  you  need  to  know  about  the  woods  to  survive  today.  Share  out  those  apples  Curly.”  They  all  ate  while  listening,  and  Joan  told  them  her  version  of  the  first  ever  meeting  between  Homestead  girls  and  the  wardogs.
Joannie's  story
“I’ve  seen  that  we’ll  be  safe,  if  we  take  certain  precautions.  There  are  things  about  this  wood  that  are  privy  to  only  a  few  of  us,  and  I’ll  tell  you  what  you  need  to  know,  right?  The  terrors  in  this  wood  are  all  in  your  imagination,  put  there  by  Homestead’s  hunters.  I’m  a  Homestead  girl,  moved  to  Dockside  when  I  was  about  nineteen  when  we  found  out  that  I  could  ‘see’.  Not  right  having  more  than  one  with  the  sight  in  the  same  group.  Could  lead  to…  misunderstandings  and  the  like.  Anyway,  when  I  was  seventeenish,  four  of  us  youngsters  had  driven  a  few  cows  down  to  Dockside  as  part  of  our  trade  agreement  with  Central,  and  we  were  travelling  light.  Three  days  there  and  one  back  through  Burnt  Wood,  which  was  no  big  thing,  cos  it  was  mostly  safe  in  those  days.  Half  way  home  through  the  wood  we  heard  a  cat.  Making  such  a  noise  it  was,  must  be  a  big  one  we  thought,  and  we  started  to  step  careful  like,  didn’t  want  to  come  up  to  it  too  soon  and  get  a  nasty  surprise,  did  we?  There  were  other  noises  too,  and  we  found  it  in  the  clearing  near  Hood’s  Hole.  It  was  a  monster,  about  four  metres  from  nose  to  tail  and  it  had  five  of  them  ‘dog  folk’  trapped  in  the  cave  mouth  and  they  were  keeping  it  at  bay  with  crude  spears,  but  we  could  see  that  come  nightfall,  them  dogs  would  be  in  the  deep  stuff  and  no  mistake.
We’d  heard  rumours  about  the  dogs,  but  had  never  seen  any,  they  usually  stayed  in  the  hills  beyond  Crampton  and  Albert.  What  a  sorry  lot  they  looked.  Rags  for  clothes  and  no  weapons  to  speak  of.  What  to  do?  Join  the  fun,  or  slide  back  into  the  trees  and  take  the  long  way  home?  No  hard  decision  really,  once  the  first  shock   had  worn  off.  According  to  the  stories  we’d  heard,  these  dogs  were  nearly  people.
We  had  a  knife  each,  and  me,  Jade  and  Beryl  had  spears,  while  Jade  had  got  her  bow  as  well,  but  Sylvie  had  her  mother’s  sword.  It’s  a  Toledo  Espada  Special  from  the  valley  wars  200  years  ago,  and  never  loses  it’s  edge.
Jade  said  that  if  she  was  lucky,  she  might  get  three  arrows  into  the  cat  before  it  could  reach  us.  We  formed  up  with  Beryl  on  the  left,  Sylvia  in  the  middle,  me  on  the  right  and  Jade  a  couple  of  paces  behind  us.  We  stepped  out  of  the  trees  and  she  let  go  the  first  arrow  which  stuck  nicely  in  the  cat’s  rump.  The  beast  leapt  up,  turned  in  the  air  and  hit  the  ground  running.  Jade  only  got  in  one  more  shot,  but  it  was  a  beauty.  Into  the  monsters  mouth  and  out  from  the  side  of  it’s  neck  in  a  spray  of  blood.  Then  it  was  on  us  in  a  flurry  of  claws,  teeth  and  blood.  The  blood  was  all  cat,  as  we  met  it’s  leap  with  three  steel  tipped  spear  points.  The  dogs  joined  us  in  a  dance  of  death  round  the  dying  cat,  and  it  was  a  one  sided  affair  as  Sylvia’s  sword  bit  into  the  cat’s  body.  Every  time  it  turned  to  face  us  and  Sylvie,  the  dogs  would  leap  in  and  prod  it  with  their  wooden  spears,  and  it  turned  back  to  them  again.  The  beast  eventually  died,  going  round  in  circles.  Probably  drowned  in  it’s  own  blood  from  the  arrow  and  spears,  and  we  all  cheered  and  laughed  and  leapt  about.  Then  it  went  a  bit  quiet  and  scary  for  a  moment  as  we  backed  off  into  two  groups  and  just  kinda  looked  each  other  over.  It  was  Beryl  who  made  the  first  move.  Always  quick  to  make  a  decision  was  Beryl.  The  dogs  sort  of  flinched  and  gripped  their  spears  tighter  as  she  suddenly  stooped  down  to  pull  what  was  left  of  her  spear  from  the  cat’s  body.  I  remember  it  like  it  was  yesterday.”
She  closed  her  eyes,  and  was  silent  for  a  moment.  Then  continued  her  story.
“Beryl  looked  up  and  said,  'Hello  dogs,  we’ve  heard  about  you.'
After  a  brief  pause,  the  biggest  dog  grinned  right  back  and  replied,  'Hey  ho  girl.'
Beryl  laughed,  'Hood’s  alive,  you  do  speak  then.'
'Yeah,  itsa  genes'
'What’s  jeans  then?'
'Dunno,  ’s  genes  innit'
And  that  was  it.  Homestead  had  some  new  friends,  poor  friends  by  the  look  of  it,  but  that  was  back  then.  Things  are  different  now.  Between  us  we  managed  to  skin  the  cat  and  took  it’s  claws  and  fangs  as  trophies.  The  dogs  kept  the  hide  and  half  the  claws  and  teeth.  I  kept  this  one,  and  it  will  keep  us  safe  today.”
So  saying,  Joannie  took  from  her  pack  a  dagger-like  tooth  which  had  the  girls  oohing  and  aahing  in  open  admiration.
“Monster  it  was,  but  Hood  smiled  on  us  that  day,  none  of  us  had  suffered  so  much  as  a  scratch  from  the  beast.”  Her  voice  went  quieter.  “By  the  time  we  had  finished,  it  was  nearly  dark,  so  we  all  settled  down  in  the  cave  to  a  poor  supper  of  berries,  biscuits,  cats  arse  and  bad  dreams.”  Her  voice  trailed  away  and  finished  in  a  whisper  and  then  she  paused  with  a  faraway  look  in  her  eyes.  The  girls  glanced  at  each  other  sideways  as  the  silence  dragged  on.  Was  she  seeing  again?
She  looked  down  and  sighed.  “But  that’s  another  story,  and  it’s  none  of  your  business.  Them  dogs  are  the  only  bad  things  in  the  woods  now,  and  cos  we’re  not  Homestead  girls,  we  might  need  this  to  be  our  passport  to  the  other  side.”
“How  will  that  keep  us  safe  then,  is  it  magic  or  summat?”
“No  such  thing  as  magic  Kes,  only  different  ways  of  doing  things.  Now,  we  put  away  all  our  weapons  and  go  through  the  wood  holding  this  little  tooth  in  plain  sight,  and  Daggit,  the  boss  dog  will  make  sure  that  we’ll  be  left  alone.”
In  Burnt  Wood
“Time  to  move  girls,”  said  Dorian,  “You  know  what  to  do.  Single  file,  Joannie  in  front,  Sami  in  centre  and  I’ll  take  the  rear.  We  should  be  at  Homestead  in  three  hours.”
“One  more  thing  girls,”  warned  Joannie.  “Only  Homestead  girls  are  supposed  to  know  about  the  dog  clan,”  she  paused  and  looked  them  all  in  the  eye,  one  by  one.  “So  if,  one  day,  you  think  it  would  be  clever  to  tell  anyone  else  about  this,  then  make  your  funeral  arrangements  first.  Because  I  would  know,  and  I  would  make  sure  you  suffered  before  you  died.  Sabe?”
The  frightened  girls  hurriedly  assured  her  that  the  secret  was  safe  with  them,  and  then  they  tied  their  spears  into  a  bundle  and  moved  on.  The  woods  were  now  a  bad  place  by  reputation  only,  but  that  was  enough  to  keep  the  recruits,  and  Sami  to  a  certain  extent,  on  edge,  and  when  five  shadowy  figures  emerged  from  the  trees  ahead  of  them,  it  was  Sasha  who  gave  a  little  whimper  of  fear,  but  Jenny,  the  youngest  who  peed  herself.
Dorian  spoke  quietly,  but  her  voice  carried  the  length  of  the  line,  “Stand  still  and  quiet,  and  leave  it  to  Joannie.”
Expecting  to  see  actual  dogs,  the  Docksiders  were  surprised  by  appearance  of  the  warriors  in  front  of  them.  Firstly,  these  were  not  the  sorry  specimens  from  ten  years  previously,  and  they  were  more  human  looking  than  anything  else,  with  slightly  'doggy'  features,  and  with  lots  of  hair  rather  than  fur.
Wearing  brown  tunics,  breeches  and  boots,  with  leather  breast  plates  and  wrist  guards,  each  of  them  had  a  spear  with  a  bright  metal  tip,  and  short  swords  or  daggers  were  at  every  hip.  Two  of  the  dogs  wrinkled  their  noses  and  looked  pointedly  at  the  ground  at  Jenny’s  feet.
When  she  spoke,  Joannie  was  loud  and  confidant.  “Looking  for  trouble  then?  Cos  if  you  are,  then  you’ve  found  it,  cos  I’m  the  cat  killer.”  She  held  the  fang  out  like  a  weapon.  “Lost  your  voices?  Who’s  boss  dog  here?”
“Hello  Joan  Tulip,  my  old  flower.”
Joannie  laughed.  “Toldo  Sharptooth.  I  didn’t  recognise  you  with  that  fancy  head  gear.”
Toldo  swelled  with  pride.  It  had  taken  him  and  Flair,  his  mate,  weeks  to  make  the  feathered  hat.
“Found  it  on  the  rubbish  dump,  did  you?”
The  insult  struck  home  and  as  Toldo  wilted,  Joannie  laughed.  “Sorry,  Tollie.  Only  joking,  it’s  beautiful.  You  look  magnificent.”
Toldo  smiled  again.  “Hear  that,  you  scruffs?  Magnificent  she  said.”  He  lowered  his  voice  again.  “Got  a  message  for  you  Joan.”
“Tell  me  then  oh  mighty  warrior.”
"Not  here."  He  said  quietly,  looking  briefly  at  the  other  girls.  "Daggit  say  this  for  you  only.  Come  talk  with  me."
Joannie  bit  her  lip,  narrowed  her  eyes  and  frowned,  thinking  hard.  She  hadn’t  seen  a  dog  for  nearly  three  years  and  things  may  have  changed.  Decision  time.  Turning  round  she  said,  “Stand  fast  girls,  got  some  private  talking  to  do  with  soldier  boy  here,”  and  she  then  walked  forward  between  the  trees  and  out  of  sight  of  the  girls  from  Dockside.
As  ten  years  earlier,  the  groups  of  girls  and  dogs  just  stood  and  looked  at  each  other.
No  longer  the  poor  relations,  the  dog  soldiers  bristled  with  confidence  and  it  was  the  humans  who  were  on  edge  now.  A  short  while  later,  Joannie  returned  and  the  dogs  melted  back  into  the  woods.
“They  say  that  there’s  trouble  in  store  at  Homestead,  but  they  don’t  know  the  full  story.  We’ll  have  to  be  ready  for  anything  when  we  get  there.  Full  speed  ahead  now  boss.”
“No  bother  ahead  in  the  woods?”  Asked  Dorian.
“Not  now,  there  isn’t,  let’s  go”
No  longer  so  careful,  the  group  made  good  speed  through  the  empty  woods  and  reached  Homestead  as  the  sun  was setting.
The  untold  story
“What’s  jeans  then?”
“Dunno,  ’s  genes,  innit”
Beryl  thought  about  that  for  a  moment  then  dismissed  it  as  not  important.
“Ever  skinned  a  cat?  Gotta  do  it  while  it’s  fresh,  and  it’ll  take  all  of  us  to  do  it  proper.”  Killing  a  big  cat  was  quite  an  event  in  village  life  and  a  trophy  was  called  for.
Sylvia  joined  in,  “We  can’t  leave  till  it’s  done,  and  it’ll  soon  be  too  dark  to  get  home.  Any  suggestions?”
“We  should  be  safe  in  Hood’s  Hole.  It’s  big  enough  for  all  of  us,”  replied  Jade.  “We  can  share  the  night  watch.  One  of  us  and  one  of   them.”
Beryl  cocked  her  head  on  one  side  and  addressed  the  dogs.  “Soon  dark.  Stay  with  us?”
And  they  did.  Possibly  they  felt  safer  in  human  company  after  the  cat  affair?  While  Sylvia  watched  the  tree  line,  the  dogs  joined  in  with  the  pulling  and  tugging  as  Jade  and  Joannie  cut  the  skin  away,  then  Beryl  got  to  work  wrenching  out  its  claws  and  fangs.  When  it  was  done,  it  was  clean  up  time,  and  the  girls  and  dogs  went  in  pairs  to  the  nearby  stream  to  wash  off  the  blood  and  gore  from  skin,  hair  and  clothing.
A  fire  was  lit  in  the  cave  mouth  to  roast  the  cat  meat  over,  and  as  night  fell,  what  passed  for  doggie  small  talk  went  back  and  forth  across  the  cave.
“Where  you  come  from?”
“Why  don’t  you  walk  on  four  legs?”
“How  you  make  knives  like  that?”
“Where  are  your  families?”
“Where  you  go?”
“So  the  first  dog  was  called  Loner?”
“How  far  your  village?”
“What  are  jeans  again?”
The  dogs  were  searching  for  a  new  place  to  live,  for  reasons  known  only  to  themselves,  and  were  about  ten  days  from  their  home  in  the  North.
Eventually,  both  the  fire  and  the  small  talk  grew  smaller,  and  they  settled  down  for  the  night.  That  night  was  nothing  special  for  the  dogs,  but  the  four  girls  suffered  a  night  of  fever  and  bad  dreams.  In  the  morning,  Sylvia  and  Jade  woke  up  with  fierce  headaches  and  were  still  drowsy  for  most  of  the  day,  but  Joan  and  Beryl  slept  all  through  the  day  and  the  next  night.
The  dogs  repaid  the  girls  actions  of  the  day  before  by  caring  for  them  through  the  two  days  of  their  illness.
They  didn’t  know  it,  but  they  were  responsible  for  the  girls  fever.  Was  it  a  virus,  or  flea  bites?  It  would  never  really  be  known,  but  something  of  the  dogs  persona  was  transferred  to  the  girls  during  their  time  together  in  the  cave,  and  Sylvia  and  Jade  were  amazed  to  find  that  their  hearing  and  eyesight  were  improving,  then  horrified  that  their  sense  of  smell  was  improving  as  well.  Eventually  they  learned  to  live  with  the  intense  odours  of  their  companions,  but  at  first,  it  was  just…  not  nice.
“’s  genes  innit.”  No  one  would  ever  know  how  the  new  dogs  were  created,  (the  why  was  discovered  much  later)  but  an  unbreakable  bond  between  dog  and  human  was  made  in  Hood’s  Hole  cave.  Both  humans  and  dogs,  (especially  the  dogs  who  had  shared  the  night  watch),  were  relieved  when  the  pair  were  finally  roused  the  following  day,  but  Joannie  was  not  coherent  or  sensible  for  some  time,  and  Beryl  kept  tripping  over  her  own  feet.
Eventually,  it  became  apparent  that  Beryl’s  reactions  had  been  accelerated,  and  that  her  body  was  struggling  to  keep  up  with  her  senses.  Beryl  told  no  one  that  she  could  see  her  own  immediate  future,  and  in  the  years  to  come,  that  ability  made  her  a  fearsome  warrior  when  she  joined  Martha’s  patrol.  As  a  new  recruit,  the  usual  nasty  tricks  were  tried  on  her  by  the  older  women,  but  they  were  repaid  with  instant  painful  response,  and  she  got  a  reputation  as  the  baddest  of  the  bad,  so  was  given  a  wide  berth  by  everybody.
Joannie  got  the  full  package  in  the  seeing  department,  and  it  took  her  several  months  to  learn  to  decipher  the  maybe’s  and  wannabe’s  from  the  isbe’s,  and  eventually  she  moved  to  Dockside  to  give  Constance  Nesbitt  some  elbow  room.
The  dog  tribe  settled  in  Burnt  Wood  to   the  North  East  of  Homestead  and  enjoyed  a  mutually  beneficial  and  secret  relationship  with  the  Homestead  girls,  who  had  no  fear  of  spending  the  night  in  the  woods.
Ten  years  later,  Toldo  gave  his  message  to  Joan  Tulip.  Daggit  was  worried  that  Joannie  had  not  been  to  the  wood  for  some  time  and  was  sure  that  she  needed  all  her  seeing   power  for  the  ‘bad  days’  ahead.  The  dogs  couldn’t,  or  wouldn’t  say  what  form  trouble  was  coming  in,  but  knew  that  strangers  were  in  the  area,  Sylvia  had  been  missing  for  some  time,  but  was  back  now,  although  different,  and  Martha’s  lot  were  up  to  no  good.
When  humans  and  dogs  went  their  separate  ways,  Joan’s  senses  had  been  given  a  boost  by  being  in  close  contact  with  her  old  hunting  partner,  and  after  she  recovered  from  the  runny  nose  and  headache  that  always  followed,  she  would  be  a  formidable  guru  again.
Chapter  7
Of  Seers  and  Swords
The  Homestead  affair
Joannie  was  suffering  from  a  mysterious  complaint  and  had  to  be  half  carried  the  last  kilometre  or  so,  and  the  gate  to  Homestead’s  enclosure  was  shut  behind  the  Docksiders  by  two  troopers.  The  troop  sergeant  hailed  Dorian.
“Been  expecting  you  all  day  ladies,  and  Martha’s  keen  to  see  you  pronto.”
“She’ll  have  to  wait.  Got  a  bit  of  trouble  here.  I  think  my  guru  needs  some  doctoring,”  replied  Dorian.  The  sergeant  grabbed  Dorian’s  arm  as  she  passed.
“Martha  don’t  wait  on  no  one,  so  get  to  the  bosses  house  now  girl,  and  there  won’t  be  any  bother.”  Dorian  shrugged  off  the  grasping  hand.
“Don’t  girlie  me,  fatso,  I’ve  been  in  more  scraps  than  you  can  dream  of  and  if  you  touch  me  again  I’ll  beat  you  so  bad  you’ll  have  to  lay  down  for  a  month.  Remember  the  Full  Moon  affair?  That  was  me!”
The  reddening  sergeant  stepped  back,  “Martha…”
But  Dorian  cut  her  words  short,  snarling,  “sod  Martha.  We’re  not  due  till  tomorrow,  so  when  Joan’s  taken  care  of,  then  I’ll  see  your  mad  mistress,  if  I  can  be  bothered.  Move  on  gang.”
Sami  slid  the  cosh  back  into  her  pocket  and  led  the  way  to  Constance  Nesbitt’s  place,  where  the  old  guru  already  had  a  cot  prepared  for  Joannie  to  be  laid  on.
“Put  her  there,  then  you  go  to  Frankie’s  taverna.  She’s  prepared  two  rooms  for  you  and  there’ll  be  goat  stew  or  something.  I  know  what’s  happened  with  Joannie,  and  can  look  after  things  here.”  As  they  were  leaving,  she  added,  “there  mustn’t  be  no  trouble  tonight.  Doesn’t  matter  what  them  hellcat  troopers  get  up  to,  you  keep  out  of  it.  Sabe?”
With  puzzled  expressions,  the  girls  agreed  but  asked  why?  “Can’t  rightly  say  yet,  but  tomorrow  is  very  important  for  Homestead.  It’s  not  clear  which  way  it  will  go,”  and  so  saying,  ushered  the  confused  friends  out  into  the  darkening  night.
Ma  Nesbitt  need  not  have  worried  so  much,  because  the  patrol  was  kept  in  check  by  Martha’s  iron  rule  and  sergeant  Strake’s  threats  of  vile  reprisals.  An  uneasy  calm  descended  on  the  village,  and  at  the  tables  near  the  hearth  in  The  Vine,  the  girls  spent  a  quiet  evening.  They  were  surprised  and  delighted  when  Joannie  Tulip  joined  them  two  hours  later,  but  she  offered  no  explanations  for  her  short  illness.
“Must  have  been  a  bad  apple  you  gave  me,  Kes,”  was  all  she  said,  then  stopped  abruptly  when  one  of  Frankie’s  daughters  brought  more  cider  to  the  table.
“Aren’t  you  Kirsten?  When  did  you  get  the  call  from  Central  then?”
“Never  been  further  than  the  Gap,  lady,”  replied  the  now  red  faced  girl,  who  scurried  off  into  the  kitchen.  Joannie  stared  after  her  then  raised  her  chin  to  sniff  the  air  with  half  closed  eyes.
“What  is  it,  guru  Joannie?”  asked  Lydia,  at  nineteen,  the  oldest  recruit.
“I  smell  trouble  girl,  big  trouble.”  She  lowered  her  voice  and  the  others  listened  intently.   “Looks  like  the  old  quarrel  between  Central  and  Homestead’s  come  to  the  boil  at  last.  Central  say  that  because  Hood  hasn’t  returned,  as  all  good  Homesteaders  say  she  will,  then  the  villagers  would  be  better  off  not  wasting  their  time  in  the  chapel.  Old  Nessie  wouldn’t  tell  me  any  more.  Said  we’d  got  to  make  our  own  minds  up  about  what  we’re  going  to  do.  Seems  like  our  beloved  grandmother  Violet  has  been  paying  too  much  attention  to  them  crazy  priestesses  of  hers,  and  has  got  ants  in  her  head.”
“What  will  the  Homers  do  tomorrow,  Jo?”  asked  Dorian.
“Can’t  see  that  clearly  yet,  but  I  don’t  see  too  many  worried  villagers,  do  you?  And  there’s  that  Kirsty  girl.  Must  see  her  again.  Quiet  like.  That’s  it,  quiet  like.”
When  Frankie  was  asked  where  Kirsten  was,  she  said  that  the  girls  had  gone  home  to   bed  and  she  was  shutting  for  the  night,  so  why  didn’t  they  all  get  off  to  their  rooms  as  they  must  be  tired  after  all  that  travelling.

Joan  was  up  before  dawn,  and  took  a  chair  onto  the  flat  roof  of  The  Vine  where  she  sat  down  and  opened  her  mind  to  the  feel  of  the  waking  village.  She  started  to  daydream  about  the  possible  events  of  the  day,  and  all  her  inventions  ended  in  the  red  mist  of  sorrow  and  death.  Some  of  her  visions  were  less  red  than  others  and  offered  a  way  forward,  but  some  stopped  suddenly  with  the  black  void  of  her  own  demise.  She  cleared  her  head  of  the  myriad  possible  futures  and  reached  out  for  the  here  and  now.  Ma  Nesbitt  was  cooking  something  in  a  large  kettle,  Franki  and  her  daughters  were  cleaning  the  taverna  and  getting  breakfasts  ready.  Over  in  the  old  chapel,  several  girls  were  praying  fervently,  and  Joannie  could  feel  their  emotions  sweeping  over  her.  They  were…  terrified?  No,  not  terrified,  but  very  anxious.  She  reached  out  further  and  felt  the  patrol  troop  over  near  the  village  hall  where  Beryl  was  still  sleeping.  A  different  set  of  emotions  hovered  just  out  of  her  reach  in  Tilly  Vorden’s  house  where  Tilly  was  being  sick,  but  it  wasn’t  that  that  bothered  Joannie.  Soup  for  breakfast?  She  leapt  from  her  chair  and  hurried  down  to  the  kitchen,  where  Frankie  placed  herself  between  the  wild  eyed  guru  and  the  frightened  girls.
“Soup  for  breakfast,  Frankie?  You  always  do  omelettes.  Your  customers  developed  strange  tastes  in  their  old  age?”
Frankie  didn’t  flinch.  “Shan’t  lie  to  you,  lady  cos  you  used  to  be  Homestead.  There’s  going  to  be  some  need  for  medical  attention  today  so  we’re  boiling  bandages.  Now,  you  being  ‘foreigners’  from  Dockside,  we  don’t  know  which  way  you’ll  jump  when  it  comes  time  to  let  blood,  so  that’s  all  you  get.  Ma  Nesbitt  says  that  you  can  see  better  than  most,  so  I  reckon  you’ll  know  what  to  do  when  the  time  comes.”
The  guru’s  senses  were  on  overtime  as  she  asked,  “and  what  time  do  you  expect  it  to  start?”  The  tavern  keeper  hesitated  and  Joannie  added,  “you  said  it  true  Frankie  Vine,  and  I’m  still  Homestead  at  heart.”
“Martha’s  ordered  everyone  to  be  on  the  green  at  noonday,”  Frankie  said  quietly.
Joannie  spent  another  hour  or  so  on  the  roof,  sifting  through  the  different  messages  the  wind  was  bringing  her.  She  gave  up  trying  to  make  sense  of  it  all  and  went  down  to  meet  the  Docksiders  for  breakfast.  Fried  potatoes  and  some  nameless  sausages  were  shared  out,  then  the  weary  guru  and  Dorian  went  walking  through  the  village,  and  finished  up  in  the  chapel  to  talk  through  the  possibilities.  Although  it  worked  better  with  two  guru’s,  Dorian  started  the  ritual  of  ‘me  and  you’.
“Seems  like  Martha’s  got  a  full  squad  here.”
“Plus  the  new  lot  from  Gap.”
“Against  Homesteads  handful  of  hunters.”
“More  than  fifty  against  twenty.”
“The  villagers  are  doomed  before  the  start  then?”
“No,  there’s  something  else.”
“Will  the  dog  clan  join  in?”
“Not  until  later.”
“If  it  comes  to  a  battle?”
“A  real  battle?  I  see  it  now.  It’s  plain  that  they’re  expecting  it,  and  not  just  a  bit  of  a  brawl  either.”
They  were  interrupted  by  Sasha.  “Sami  sent  me  to  tell  you  that  Beryl  went  to  South  Farm  to  bring  in  the  yard  hands,  and  she  took  Glen  and  Basher  with  her.  The  sergeant’s  fuming  cos  she  should  have  gone  alone,  and  hasn’t  come  back  yet.”
“And…”
“Lydia  was  taking  a  pee  behind  the  taverna  and  saw  five  girls  wearing  cloaks  and  hoods,  come  sneaking  in  through  the  fence.”
“And…”
“One  of  them  is  big!  Maybe  a  forest  giant?”
“Mmmm.  Well  done  Sasha,  now  go  back  and  tell  the  others  to  stay  out  of  sight,  and  if  they’re  sent  for  by  the  patrol  before  we  get  back,  then  they’re  to  disappear  into  the  old  cottages.  We  still  got  some  big  thinking  to  do.”
Sasha  left  them  with  the  new  orders  and  hurried  back  to  her  friends.
“There’s  strangers  here  Dorian,  and  I  can’t  see  them  clearly,  or  count  them.  If  we’re  not  careful,  we  can  all  die  here  before  the  day  is  out.  Decision  time  again.”
“Damnation!  With  what  you’ve  seen  this  morning,  can  you  tell  me  our  best  way  forward  yet?”
“Not  rightly  sure  what  the  best  way  means  any  more,  but  I  think  we  have  to  take  sides.  We  won’t  be  allowed  to  stay  neutral  in  this  muddy  affair.  Big  things  are  afoot  here  today  and  we’ve  walked  right  into  the  middle  of  it.”
They  could  come  to  no  satisfactory  conclusion,  and  they  eventually  returned  to  The  Vine  where  they  found  their  companions  preparing  for  trouble.  They  were  already  dressed  for  trouble,  loose  clothing  discarded,  long  hair  plaited  and  pinned, and  whetstones  were  being  drawn  down  spear  and  knife  blades  as  the  girls  tried  to  calm  their  ragged  nerves.
At  Joannie’s  request,  they  all  fell  silent  as  she  sat  and  closed  her  eyes  then  let  her  mind  wander  across  the  village  again.  Tilly  was  better  now,  Ma  Nesbitt  was  with  the  ‘hooded’  girls  who  had  sneaked  through  the  fence,  Martha’s  aura  was  pulsing  as  she  was  still  furious  about  Beryl  taking  her  mates  off,  the  sergeant  was  shouting  at  the  new  recruits  from  Gap,  Kirsty  was  fetching  water  from  the  pump.  There!  Her  aura  had  an  odd  echo  to  it?  Now  she  had  seen  it,  she  could  see  others  round  the  village.  Kirsty,  Tilly  and  at  least  five  others  were  pregnant.  The  youngest  girl  she  knew  of  was  that  Sarah  Jugg’s  child  over  Ibis  way,  and  she  was  about  ten  years  old.  Now  seven,  all  together?
“Yes,  now  it  becomes  clearer.  They’re  ready  to  fight  for  the  greatest  prize  of  all.  The  women  here  have  been  trained  for  today,  and  they’ll   fight  like  demons.”
Her  mind  raced  through  the  permutations  of  the  day  to  come.  The  words  came  quietly,  “Beryl  and  two  more  gone,  fifty  spears  against  Homestead…”  The  red  mist  swirled  before  her  unseeing  eyes.
“...Martha’s  lot  suffer  but  leave  half  the  village  dead.”  She was  whispering  now  and  her  fellow  travellers  strained  to  hear  her  words.
“Fifty  spears  and  we  make  a  flank  attack  on  villagers…  Easy  victory,  all  villagers  dead.  Homestead  in  flames.”  There  was  a  pause  and  the  girls  waited  expectantly.
“We  all  die  before  morning  comes.”  The  girls  gaped  at  her  in  horror,  and  Jenny  Waverider  was  close  to  tears.  They  had  never  expected  a  death  sentence  to  come  from  her  mouth.
“Forty  spears,  and  Strake  leads  the  new  recruits  in  that  flank  attack,  we  keep  out  of  it…  Messy  victory,  most  villagers  dead…  Martha  and  me  dead  by  morning.”
“Forty  spears,  and  the  flank  attack  stopped  by  us,”  she  shook  her  head.  “No,  by  you”
Her  eyes  flew  open  and  she  looked  round  to  address  Dorian.
“This  is  Dockside’s  decision,  I  don’t  command  in  battle,  only  advise  commanders,  but  until  it’s  over  I’m  Homestead  again  and  I’ll  be  leaving  you  to  take  arms  against  Central.  The  future  of  our  kind  hangs  in  the  balance  today.  There’s  a  man  out  there.”
The  Docksiders  gasped  in  astonishment.
“Don’t  know  where  they  found  him  but  he’s  not  like  the  stringy  fellow  they  had  locked  away  in  Central,  and  seven  of  the  girls  here  are  with  child.  This  one's  different.”
She  paused  a  moment,  and  whispered,  “Why  can’t  I  see  him  properly?”
Then  she  gave  a  big  sigh.  “Make  your  choice  carefully  ladies.  I’m  asking  you  to  fight  for  Homestead  today,  guarding  my  flank  against  the  recruits  from  Gap  and  that  evil  sergeant.  Likely  you’ll  win,  and  could  gain  a  secure  future  for  us  all.”
“Is  there  a  ‘but’  in  there  Jo?”  asked  Dorian,  softly.
“Always  a  ‘but’  dear  leader,”  the  guru  replied,  and  left  the  girls  to  consider  their  course  of  action.  Martha  hadn’t  sent  for  them  yet,  so  in  theory,  they  still  belonged  to  Dorian.
First  blood
It  was  nearly  noon  when  Flossie  Craken  turned  up  with  the  order  for  the  Dockside  girls  to  report  to  the  sergeant  immediately,  and  enlist  in  Martha’s  patrol.
“Inform  your  glorious  leader  that  we  will  be  over  after  a  quick  prayer  in  the  chapel,”  Dorian  told  her,  and  the  unhappy  trooper  left  the  taverna,  heading  across  the  green.
The  Docksiders  made  their  way  to  the  chapel  where  they  bolted  the  door  behind  them,  and  Sami  was  sent  to  the  roof  to  keep  an  eye  on  things.  The  villagers  were  slowly  assembling  on  the  near  side  of  the  green,  and  Martha  stood  in  front  of  her  motley  crew  of  cut  throats.  She  waved  her  hand  vaguely  behind  her,  then  turned  and  swore  at  the  priestess  who  hadn’t  moved  quickly  enough  for  her  liking.  The  reluctant  girl  read  unsteadily  from  a  scroll.
“It  has  been  determined  by  the  council  of  elders  of  Central,  that  the  false  prophet  Hood  has  deserted  her  people,  will  not  return,  and  that  all  record  of  her  shall  be  removed  from  the  Great  History  in  Central  Library.  In  the  eyes  of  the  all  seeing  godmother,  Violet,  it  is  an  offence   to  make  any  prayer  to  the  one  named  Hood,  and  all  chapels  dedicated  to  her  shall  be  torn  down.”
Martha  narrowed  her  eyes  and  surveyed  the  silent  crowd.  'What’s  wrong  with  them',  she  thought,  why  weren’t  they  protesting?
“Furthermore,  as  the  leader  of  this  village  has  gone  strangely  missing  and  not  found,  all  persons  here  shall  be  relocated  for  their  own  safety  to  Altmore,  where  there  are  numerous  opportunities  for  employment  and  for  worshipping  the  godmother.”
On  the  roof,  Sami  was  joined  by  Dorian  and  they  could  see  the  patterns  of  the  crowd  changing  below  them.  Then  a  loud,  deep  voice  boomed  across  the  village.
“Hear  me,  and  you  hear  the  voice  of  Hood.”  A  loud  murmur  started  up  among  Martha’s  troops  and  all  heads  were  turning,  to  locate  the  speaker.
“Over  there,”  said  Sami,  “on  top  of  the  bakery.”  Away  to  their  right,  a  large  figure  was  standing  with  arms  outstretched.  “It’s  the  man,”  she  gasped.  “He’s  huge.  Beautiful  day!  He’s  got  no  clothes  on!”
“Before  Hood  was  born,  I  was  there  to  help  create  her.  When  she  was  a  child,  I  was  there  to  help  her  grow.  When  she  became  mighty,  I  was  her  servant,  and  she  became  my  protector.”
Uproar  ensued,  and  with  all  the  troopers  eyes  on  the  speaker,  the  villagers  threw  off  cloaks  and  shawls  to  don  their  round  helmets  and  were  quickly  reforming  into  three  battle  lines  as  Martha  desperately  screamed  orders  at  her  stunned  followers.
Dorian  had  thought  she  knew  what  to  expect,  but  was  amazed  by  the  way  the  untidy  crowd  in  front  of  The  Vine  had  been  transformed.  Only  fifteen  in  the  front  row,  but  they  were  the  probably  the  strongest  women  in  the  village,  and  had  been  allocated  the  mail  shirts  and  round  shields.  There  were  about  thirty  of  them  with  spears,  and  these  also  had  short  swords  in  leather  scabbards  hanging  down  their  backs,  whereas  the  rest  of  them,  about  another  twenty  or  so,  were  carrying  cleavers  and  hand  axes.
She  had  no  more  time  to  watch  as  Sami  spotted  the  movements  predicted  by  Joan.
“They’re  splitting  like  Jo  said.  Strake’s  going  left.”
“Come  on  kid,”  said  Dorian,  “Time  to  give  a  hand.”
They  gathered  the  others,  and  from  the  chapel,  headed  towards  the  left  of  the  narrow  green.  While  they  were  manoeuvring  into  position  between  the  cottages,  Martha  had  called  for  archers  to  kill  the  naked  maniac  on  the  roof,  but  Jade,  Tilly  and  Kirsten  were  ready,  and  they  shot  down  the  patrol  archers  before  they  could  carry  out  their  frantic  leader’s  order.
“I  see  you  Martha  Torrent,  and  I  am  the  last  person  you  will  set  eyes  on  in  this  lifetime.”  Sylvia  was  in  the  centre  of  the  front  line  and  Martha  stared,  wide  eyed  and  open  mouthed  at  the  woman  she  had  ordered  killed  less  than  half  a  year  before.  Joannie  was  on  the  left  flank  of  the  second  line  and  she  was  the  only  one  who  didn’t  have  a  spear.  Although  there  were  only  forty  eight  of  them,  they  were  confident  and  didn’t  give  the  enemy  time  to  react  but  advanced  eight  paces  across  the  small  village  green  shouting  “Hood”  at  every  other  step.  It  was  payback  time  for  years  of  abuse  at  their  enemies  hands.
“Halt  and  stand  fast!”  Simon  bawled  at  them  from  his  position  near  the  right  flank  of  the  second  line.   He  looked  quickly  left  and  right.  “Who  are  we?”
“HOOD.”
“What  do  we  do?”
“HOLD  THE  WALL.”
“Anybody  stepping  out  of  the  line  answers  to  me!”  yelled  Sylvia,  who  was  in  reality  itching  to  draw  her  sword  and  charge  at  Martha.
“Let  them come  to  you!”
“Hold  the  wall.  They’re  coming,  they’re  coming.”
The  archers  on  the  bakery  roof  were  still  picking  their  targets,  and  the  troopers  had  the  choice  of  fleeing  or  attacking.  Martha  drove  them  forward  onto  the  shield  wall  which  was  not  much  narrower  than  the  village  green.
The  wall  held,  and  the  short  spears  of  the  front  row  licked  forward  under  and  over  the  shields  to  seek  out  their  soft  targets.  Ankles,  legs,  eyes,  arms.  Hit  them  anywhere  and  make  them  bleed.  Put  fear  into  their  hearts  and  they  make  mistakes.
Thrust,  pull  back  and  thrust  again  and  the  leaf  shaped  blades  became  sticky  with  blood,  while  the  rigid  discipline  of  their  training  held  them  together  as  a  unit.
Simon  yelled  to  make  himself  heard  above  the  screaming  of  more  than  a  hundred  women  and  girls.  “Six  paces…  Advance.”
The  lines  moved  slowly  forward,  and  following  Simon  was  Posy  Tong,  twenty  two,  and  carrying  his  child  in  her  womb.  The  trooper  who  lay  crying  on  the  ground  before  her  was  probably  bleeding  to  death,  but  Posy  swung  her  axe  and  it  bit  into  the  girls  neck,  silencing  her  cries  for  ever.  All  along  the  line,  it  was  the  same.  Thrust,  recover,  thrust  again  and  move,  and  occasionally  arrows  flew  over  their  heads  as  the  four  archers  on  the  bakery  roof  picked  out  a  clear  target.  Behind  the  advancing  lines,  the  grass  was  becoming  slick  with  the  blood  of  the  fallen,  and  all  the  enemy  fallen  were  dead,  because  all  who  went  down  wounded  were  helped  on  their  way  to  the  afterlife  by  the  cleaners.   At  fourteen,  Tanya  was  the  youngest  on  the  back  line,  but  didn’t  shy  away  from  her  grim  task,  and  four  of  the  back  line  were  pregnant,  fighting  with  determination  for  their  children’s  futures.  Behind  and  to  each  side  of  the  cleaners  were  another  seventeen  older  villagers,  poorly  armed  and  without  armour,  there  as  an  emergency  reserve  force,  and  they  all  prayed  that  they  wouldn’t  be  needed.
They  weren’t.
It  had  taken  precious  minutes  for  sergeant  Strake  to  organise  the  Gap  recruits  into  a  unit,  and  when  they  charged  round  their  right  flank  between  the  cottage  and  the  forge,  Dorian’s  group  were  already  waiting  for  them.
“We  don’t  want  to  kill  the  Gap  girls,”  she  whispered  to  her,  as  yet,  untried  followers.  “Try  to  keep  them  away  from  me,  while  I  go  for  Strake.”
Not  within  living  memory  had  a  Docksider  been  involved  in  anything  like  this.  She  and  Sami  had  been  in  some  unsavoury  barroom  fights,  including  the  infamous  Full  Moon  riot  at  Gap,  which  had  involved  brass  knuckles  and  knives,  but  this  was  open  warfare.  To  actually  use  swords  and  spears  on  other  people?  This  was  something  new  to  all  of  them.
Sasha  Whalebone  had  brought  her  bow,  and  knowing  she  would  only  get  one  arrow  away,  kept  it  aimed  low.  To  get  a  hit  anywhere  would  be  better  than  sending  it  over  their  enemies  heads.  Strake  and  the  eight  recruits  came  round  the  forge  corner,  and  Sasha  let  the  arrow  loose.  A  recruit  went  down  crying  with  pain,  the  arrow  showing  both  sides  of  her  thigh,  but  Strake  urged  them  on  with  threats  and  curses.  Afterwards,  no  two  of  them  could  retell  the  events  of  those  confusing  few  minutes  the  same  way,  but  the  outcome  of  it  was  that  Filian  Strake  and  Dorian  were  facing  each  other,  feinting  and  parrying,  and  they  were  a  fairly  even  match  until  Charlot,  one  of  the  Gap  recruits,  accidentally  got  her  spear  between  the  sergeants  ankles.  As  the  unlucky  sergeant  staggered  sideways,  Dorian  thrust  her  long  sword  under  Filian’s  round  shield  into  her  vulnerable  midriff.  It  was  effectively  over  from  that  point.  Strake  died  with  her  hands  clamped  to  her  bleeding  stomach,  still  cursing,  and  Dorian  gave  the  recruits  the  opportunity  to  surrender  while  they  could.

It  didn’t  all  go  Homesteads  way  of  course.  The  Docksiders  had  a  few  minor  cuts  between  them  and  Jenny’s  nose  was  streaming  with  blood  and  probably  broken,  but  Lydia  was  dead,  slashed  through  the  throat  by  the  sergeants  sword.
Out  on  the  green,  Caren,  Sylvie  and  Denny  (especially  Denny),  cut  down  their  opponents  with  comparative  ease,  but  between  Sylvie  and  the  right  flank,  Jan  was  out  of  the  fight,  having  a  tourniquet  tied  round  the  stump  of  her  left  arm  by  Ginny  Brand.  Simon  and  Maxine  Ward  pushed  forward  into  the  front  row  to  fill  the  empty  space,  but  over  on  the  left  flank  it  was  going  horribly  wrong.  Lottie  and  Rachel,  the  two  spears  between  Joan  Tulip  and  Georgie  Strong  were  both  down,  badly  injured.  The  cleaners,  Susan  and  Terri  snatched  up  the  dropped  spears  as  Georgie  tried  to  fill  the  gap  with  her  flailing  sword,  but  they  were  all  too  late  for  Joan.  Three  yelling  troopers  made  one  last  attack  on  the  left  flank  and  the  valiant,  but  tired  guru  couldn’t  keep  them  all  at  bay.  She  was  struck  twice  in  quick  succession  and  fell  to  the  ground,  her  sword  dropping  from  nerveless  fingers.
Homestead’s  battle  line  was  wheeling  right  as  Martha’s  mob  slowly  fell,  and  at  last  the  shocked  troopers  fled  from  the  village  green  towards  the  North  pasture,  chased  on  their  way  by  salvos  of  arrows  from  the  bakehouse  roof.
Sylvia  had  been  wrong  about  Martha.  She  wasn’t  the  last  person  that  Martha  would  see  after  all.  As  the  surviving  troopers  jogged  Northward,  they  became  aware  that  they  were  being  shadowed  by  a  dozen  running   figures  to  either  side  of  them.  Slowly  the  lines  converged,  and  the  fleeing  women  got  their  first  view  of  the  superdogs.  Martha  screamed  at  the  terrified  women  to  make  a  stand,  but  they  were  beyond  all  reason  now,  and  could  only  think  of  escape,  but  there  was  to  be  none.  Outnumbered  and  out  muscled,  they  were  all  trapped  and  killed  by  the  wardogs,  Daggit  having  the  grim  pleasure  of  skewering  Martha  on  his  new  spear.
Frankie  Vine  and  Ma  Nesbitt  were  organising  first  aid  on  the  green,  and  the  older  village  women  were  tending  their  trembling  daughters  wounds.
“No,  not  our  Joannie.”  Ivy’s  voice  could  be  heard  across  the  village  as  she  cried  for  her  sister.  Denny  pulled  her  away  from  the  Dockside  guru’s  still  body,  as  Caren  bent  over  her  to  examine  her  wounds.  She  looked  up  into  her  adopted  sisters  eyes.
“She’s  not  dead.  ‘Mother  and  Lady’  page  twenty  two.”
Denny  nodded  slowly,  and  turned  to  the  gathering  crowd.
“Jo,  Billie,  we’ve  got  to  get  her  to  Hoods  Hole,  and  quickly.  Frankie,  strap  her  up  as  best  you  can.  Stop  her  bleeding  too  much  and  she’ll  be  alright.  Caren,  you  and  Jade  run  to  the  Never  now,  and  get  the  medico  started.”  
Her  concise  instructions  compelled  instant  action  in  the  group,  and  soon,  Joannie  was  being  carried  on  a  table  top  towards  Burnt  Wood,  while  Sylvie  stood  with  Denny  watching  the  slowly  diminishing  figures  go  out  of  sight.
“Will  she  really  be  saved,  Denny?”  asked  Homestead's  worried  leader.
Denny  raised  her  head,  searching  the  sky  for  sight  of  the  moon.
“Oh  Lady,  please  let  it  be  so.”
Chapter  8
Of  Medicine  and  Machines
Aftermath
The  skirmish  had  been  short  and  sharp,  with  the  actual  cut  and  thrust  bit  over  in  less  than  fifteen  minutes,  but  the  aftermath  seemed  to  last  for  ever,  and  as  the  villagers  started  to  strip  the  bodies  of  arms  and  armour  before  moving  them  out  of  the  village  on  ox  carts,  the  euphoria  of  victory  gave  way  to  nausea.
Although  Simon  was  the  ‘true  soldier’  among  them,  all  his  fighting  in  the  past  had  been  done  over  rifle  sights,  and  the  noise  and  reality  of  medieval  battle  had  come  as  a  total  surprise  to  him.  He  had  been  violently  sick  as  soon  as  Martha’s  troop  had  turned  to  run.
Maxine  grabbed  a  wet  cloth  from  Ginny’s  bucket  and  threw  it  at  him.  “Clean  yourself  up  soldier,  can’t  let  the  others  see  you  like  this.”
Simon  wiped  the  mess  from  his  face,  “made  a  fool  of  myself,  haven’t  I  Max?”
“You  did  OK,  considering  you’re  only  a  man.  This  victory’s  yours.  You  made  us  what  we  are.”  She  grimaced  at  the  memory  of  the  first  clash  of  steel  on  steel  and  looked  at  the  ground,  “it’ll  be  easier  for  us  next  time,”  she  said  softly.
“How  do  you  stay  so  calm?”  he  asked  her,  “I  don’t  think  I  could  get  used  to  this.”
“Neither  could  I,”  she  replied  with  a  wry  smile,  “I  work  in  the  woods,  felling  trees  and  making  charcoal,  and  I  often  stay  out  there  on  my  own.  I  just  imagined  they,”  she  inclined  her  head  towards  the  bodies,  “were  wild  animals.”
His  eyes  followed  the  direction  she  had  indicated  and  he  heaved  again,  but  there  was  nothing  left  to  bring  up.
“For  all  our  sakes,  pull  yourself  together.  Now,  or  I’ll  have  to  swear  at  you  again.”  She  rested  her  hand  on  his  shoulder,  “we’ll  all  get  over  it.”  And  then,  in  a  much  quieter  voice,  “eventually.”
Ellen  came  to  them  and  put  her  arms  round  her  younger  sister.
“Max,  we  did  it,  we  did  it,”  she  said  in  obvious  relief.  “You  all  OK  this  end?  It’s  chaos  down  the  left.  Lottie  Brand’s  still  down  and  old  Nessie’s  going  frantic,  bossing  everybody  round.  They’ve  carried  someone  off  on  a  board.”  The  two  clung  to  each  other,  as  if  wanting  proof  that  they  were  still  alive.
“Sounds  like  all  the  bad  stuff  was  down  there  then,”  Maxine  replied,  “they  soon  turned  and  ran  from  us,  that  Denny  girl’s  frightening.”
Ellen  then  frowned  and  said  softly,  “is  it  right  about  Jan?”
Maxine  nodded  slowly,  “she’s  in  a  bad  way.  Lost  most  of  her  left  arm.”

Jan  had  been  carried  into  the  taverna,  and  was  lying  on  a  table,  with  Denny  talking  softly  to  her,  while  Frankie  and  Val  Tomson  were  by  the  fireplace  waiting  for  the  pokers  to  start  glowing.  Denny  was  stroking  Jan’s  temple  as  she  whispered  the  girl’s  name.
“Jan  Crane,  where  do  you  go?  Come  to  me  now,  in  the  trees.”  Jan  was  still  trembling  and  whimpering  with  pain  and  fear.  “Jan  Crane,  reach  for  me,  you’ll  be  safe  here.  Close  your  eyes,  listen  to  the  birds.”  Denny  put  her  forehead  to  Jan’s  and  slowly,  the  injured  girl’s  body  grew  still  and  then  the  only  sound  was  Denny’s  small  voice.
“See  the  door.  Open  it,  go  inside  the  room,  close  it.  Close  the  door.”
Perspiration  was  dripping  off  her  brow  as  she  turned  to  the  women  by  the  fire.
“Do  it.  Now,”  she  commanded,  and  Frankie  took  the  first  iron  from  the  coals.  Jan’s  arm  was  tied  to  a  board,  and  when  the  smoke  rose  and  the  smell  of  burning  flesh  filled  the  air,  the  arm  only  jerked  slightly.
“Another  one,”  the  innkeeper  said  to  Val,  “over  that  side,  it’s  still  weeping.”  And  Val  applied  the  second  poker  to  the  raw  flesh  below  the  elbow.  The  two  surveyed  their  handiwork,  then  Val  loosened  the  tourniquet.
“That’s  done  it,”  she  announced,  “but  it’s  not  pretty,  and  she’ll  still  maybe  get  a  fever  and  die.”
“Pretty  doesn’t  matter.  Keep  her  alive  for  a  week,”  Denny  told  her,  running  both  of  her  hands  through  her  hair,  “and  Caren  might  be  able  to  help.  Put  her  to  bed,  and  lay  her   on  her  side.  I’ll  have  to  rest  as  well,  haven’t  done  that  for  a  long  time.  Forgot  how  tired  it  makes  you.”
They  had  been  watched  through  the  windows  by  several  women  and  girls,  and  Frankie  beckoned  them  in  to  help  move  a  cot  downstairs.  By  the  time  the  unconscious  Jan  had  been  laid  in  the  bed,  Denny  was  curled  up  in  a  corner  fast  asleep.  Frankie  covered  her  with  someone’s  forgotten  cloak  and  slid  a  cushion  under  her  head.
“Where’d  she  learn  magic  like  that  then?”  She  said  quietly  to  Val,  when  the  others  had  been  ushered  out,  “never  seen  nothing  like  it  before.”
“Don’t  know,  and  don’t  care,”  was  Val’s  short  reply,  “Jan’s  a  good  girl,  and  the  dark  one  stopped  her  hurting.  All  we  need  to  know.”
The  innkeeper  considered  Val’s  words.  “Dark  one  eh?  Well,  anyone  who  can  stop  suffering  like  that  is  an  angel  in  my  eyes.”
So  the  legend  of  the  Dark  Angel  was  born.

The  ‘angel  of  light’  was  not  happy.  “I  know  it’s  not  right,  but  use  the  same  model  as  last  time.”
“ARE  YOU  ABSOLUTELY  SURE,  CAREN?”
“You  did  a  really  good  job  on  Sylvie,  she’s  better  than  new.  Your  calculations  were  excellent.”
“THANKYOU,  CAREN.  IF  I  HAD  A  PLEASURE  MODULE,  THEN  I  WOULD  PROBABLY  FEEL  HAPPINESS.  THE  PATIENT  IS  STABLE,  ANALYSIS  COMPLETE  AND  REPAIRS  CAN  COMMENCE.  SOME  REGROWTH  AND  REPLACEMENT  WILL  BE  NECESSARY  IN  THE  LOWER  TORSO  BUT  NO  OTHER  MAJOR  WORK  REQUIRED.”
“What  about  the  power  cells,  how  long  will  they  last?”
“WITH  FULL  LIFE  SUPPORT  RUNNING,  928,63  HOURS.  ON  STANDBY  ONLY,  APPROXIMATELY  TWICE  THAT.”
“And  with  the  medico  powered  up?”
“519  HOURS  MAXIMUM.”
“How  long  will  this  case  take?”
“EXTRAPOLATION  WOULD  SUGGEST  115  HOURS,  PLUS  OR  MINUS  1,9”
Caren  did  some  quick  calculations,  turning  hours  into  days  and  weeks.
“Shut  down  all  unnecessary  equipment,  including  microwave  detection  and  defence.  We’ll  secure  the  area  against  intruders  for  you.  We’ll  get  a  power  cell  from  the  Hood  somehow,  or  transfer  you  in  sleep  mode.”
The  Never  confirmed  that  it  was  an  acceptable  plan,  and  Caren  left  Joannie  in  the  Never’s  care  then  went  outside  to  Jade,  who  had  elected  to  stay  with  her.  When  told  of  the  power  problem,  and  when  Jade  comprehended  what  it  meant,  she  left  Caren  and  entered  the  woods.
“Going  to  find  some  guards  for  you,”  she  said  as  she  departed.  Less  than  an  hour  later,  she  was  back  with  two  dogs.  Caren  watched  them  walk  towards  her,  and  realised  that  these  were  females,  even  though  they  were  dressed  in  a  similar  manner  to  the  males  she  had  seen.  It  was  their  rolling  hips  that  gave  it  away.
“Caren,  these  are  Flair  and  Scutcher.  Daggit  thinks  that  he’s  in  charge,  but  what  these  ladies  decide,  is  usually  what  happens,”  and  she  waited  for  Caren’s  reply.
“Erm,  nice  outfits  you’re  wearing,  Flair,  Scorch,”  was  the  confused  girl’s  reply.  She’d  not  actually  had  a  conversation  with  an  animal  before.  Oh,  she’d  had  her  first  racing  camel  when  she  was  six,  but  it  had  never  talked  back  to  her.
Jade’s  eyes  went  wide  in  surprise  and  the  shorter,  paler  dog  woman's  mouth  gaped  in  astonishment  while  the  other,  Flair,  laughed  aloud.
“Told  you  it  would  be  fun  didn’t  I?  This  is  a  sharp  one  and  no  mistake.  Scorch  indeed.”
“Right,  that’s  it.  I’m  changing  my  name,  right  now.”  insisted  Scutcher,  “what’s  your  name  again  girlie?”
Caren  eventually  said,  “Caren?”  she  was  now  totally  baffled  by  the  proceedings.
“As  from  this  very  minute,  I  am  to  be  known  as  Caren  Bonecrusher,  and  let  no  one  forget  it.”  She  whirled  round  and  her  laughing  companion  joined  her  in  stalking  round  the  clearing  and  looking  briefly  into  the  cave.
“Righto,  Jady,  we’ll  do  it.  Scorch  eh?”  And  then  they  were leaving.
Caren  demanded  that  Jade  tell  her  what  that  was  all  about.  Now  that  Flair  and  ‘Caren’  had  gone,  Jade  was  having  a  laughing  fit.
“That’s  so  funny,  Cas.  You  called  her  Scorch,”  near  hysterics  now,  “that’s  about  the  worst  swear  word  the  dogs  have  got.  It’s  disgusting,”  and  throughout  the  rest  of  the  day,  as  the  canine  women  and  children  erected  a  tented  encampment  round  the  cave  entrance,  Jade  could  occasionally  be  seen,  clamping  a  hand  to  her  mouth  and  squeezing  her  eyes  shut  to  control  her  merriment.  Later,  Caren  sought  out  her  namesake  to  apologise.
“It’s  alright  girl,  I’ve  calmed  down  a  bit  now,  and  I  know  you  didn’t  know  what  you  were  saying.  How  could  you?  Tell  you  what.  I  like  you,  think  you’re  really  funny,  and   to  show  there’s  no  hard  feelings,  you  can  borrow  my  Tag  tonight,  if  you  want.”
Jade  was  silently  mouthing  'No'  from  behind  the  smiling  dog  Caren  and  shaking  her  head.
“Tag?”  queried  girl  Caren.
“Yes,  he’s  my  husband.”
“I  see,”  said  Cas  slowly,  “that’s  very  thoughtful  of  you  Mrs.  Bonecrusher,  but  I  can’t  at  the  moment.  Erm,  the  time’s  not  right  you  see.”
The  dog  Caren  wrinkled  her  nose  and  sniffed,  “very  well  dearie.  Little  bit  of  blood  never  put  him  off  before,  but  you  know  best.”
Gathering
An  uneasy  calm  returned  to  Homestead  in  the  week  following  the  bloody  clash  and  destruction  of  Mad  Martha’s  patrol,  and  it  was  noticeable  that  nobody  walked  across  the  grass  in  front  of  the  bakery.  It  was  mostly  green  again  after  the  last  two  days  of  rain,  but  it  was  still  forbidden  ground  to  the  villagers  who  had  fought  there.
The  four  remaining  recruits  from  Dockside  were  still  in  the  village,  living  with  the  Brand  family.  Ginny  said  that  as  there  were  so  many  in  the  house  already,  then  four  more  wouldn’t  be  noticed  for  at  least  a  week.  They  had  carried  poor  Lydia’s  body  up  the  bare  slope  of  Carlton  Hill,  where  they  had  scooped  out  a  shallow  grave  and  built  a  cairn  over  her.  Couldn’t  quite  see  the  ocean,  but  it  was  the  best  they  could  do,  then  Dorian  and  Sami  had  returned  to  Dockside.
When  Beryl  turned  up  with  Glen  and  Basher,  several  of  the  older  women  had  tried  to  attack  them,  but  Connie  Nesbitt  had  seen  it  coming  and  was  there  to  stop  them.  She  stood  in  front  of  the  ex  troopers  facing  the  angry  mob.
“Bows  are  for  hunting  and  spears  are  for  leaning  on,  but  a  sword’s  for  killing  with.  You  got  no  right  to  carry  swords  here  and  now,  Patti  Crane,  so  you  and  your  misguided  friends  go  put  ’em  back  where  they  belong.”
“You’re  the  one  who’s  misguided,  Nessie,  now  stand  aside  and  lets  finish  the  patrol  proper  this  time.”  There  were  shouts  of  agreement  from  the  five  women  behind  Patti.
The  old  guru  spoke  calmly  now,  “Think  on  a  minute  girl.  There’s  only  one  of  us  that’s  actually  died,  Ivy’s  sister  near  to  it,  your  Jan  with  only  one  hand  now  and  Lottie  and  Rachel  covered  with  bandages.  That’s  it  apart  from  scratches,  and  who  we  didn’t  kill,  the  dogs  finished  off.  We  were  part  of  a  miracle  here  last  week,  and  that’s  a  rare  victory  that  is.  Be  satisfied  with  our  good  luck  and  go  give  thanks  to  the  Lady  for  it.”
“It’s  still  not  right,  them  walking  in  here  like  that.  They  deserve  a  beating  for  it.”
The  old  woman  shook  her  head  and  smiled  at  her,  “No  child,  no.  I  helped  Beryl  into  this  world,  like  I  helped  you,  and  she’s  Homestead,  just  like  you.  Where  do  you  think  she’s  been  all  this  time?  Down  on  South  Farm,  tending  the  livestock  like  I  asked  her.  If  these  three  had  been  in  the  line  against  us  last  week,  we  wouldn’t  be  standing  here  chatting,  all  cosy  now.  We’d  like  be  dead.”
She  could  see  that  her  grim  audience  still  weren’t  mollified,  “Kirsty.”  She  raised  her  voice,  “Kirsty  Vine,  bring  ’em  out  here  now.”
Kirsten  came  quickly  out  of  her  mother’s  taverna  and  threw  a  bundle  of  broom  shafts  on  the  floor,  then  turned  and  scampered  over  to  where  the  rest  of  the  villagers  were  gathering  to  watch  the  fun.
“Right  you  are,  ladies.  Stack  up  your  weapons  over  there,”  waving  her  hand  vaguely  towards  the  inn  wall,  “and  you’ll  have  your  chance  to  give  these  three  a  thrashing.”
She  looked  round  at  the  trio  of  lovers,  “you  as  well.  No  edged  weapons  allowed,  and  no  biting.  Sabe?”
There  were  only  six  broom  handles,  and  the  three  troopers  stood  unarmed.
“Have  to  it  then,  but  don’t  hurt  them  too  much.”
“We  won’t  Mother  Nesbitt,”  replied  Patti.
“Not  you  girl,  I  was  talking  to  Beryl.”
It  was  over  within  two  minutes.  Although  Glenda  was  going  to  have  a  very  fat  ear  soon,  Beryl  and  Basher  were  unhurt.  but  all  their  six  assailants  were  on  the  floor,  suffering  with  minor  cuts  and  bruises,  two  broken  fingers  and  six  deflated  egos.
Ma  Nesbitt  squatted  down  in  front  of  Patti,  “good,  aren’t  they?”  she  said  smiling,  and  then  slapped  the  miserable  girl  hard  across  the  face.
“And  that’s  for  calling  me  Nessie.  My  friends  call  me  Connie,  but  to  you,”  she  dug  her  finger  into  Patti’s  chest,  then  swept  her  arm  round  to  indicate  the  others,  “and  you  lot,  I’m  Ma  Nesbitt.  Except  for  Sylvie  Long,  I’m  boss  around  here,  and  don’t  you  forget  it.  Now,  you’re  all  going  into  the  Vine  and  have  a  drink  together,  and  these  three  are  going  to  help  patch  you  up.  Aren’t  you?”
Beryl  was  quick  to  answer,  “Yes  Ma  Nesbitt,  wouldn’t  dream  of  anything  else.”
During  the  ‘patching  up’  in  the  taverna,  the  nine  women  talked  together,  and  it  was  the  first  time  a  Homesteader  had  spoken  with  a  trooper  without  fear,  and  they  learned  a  lot  about  each  other  that  afternoon.  They  learned  about  Constance  Nesbitt  as  well.
“Thought  the  old  duffer  was  losing  it,”  muttered  Ivy,  and  was  answered  by  Beryl.
“Hush,  it’s  Ma  Nesbitt  to  the  likes  of  us,  and   couldn’t  you  smell  it?  She’s  been  to  see  the  dogs.  At  her  age.  Old  biddy’s  truly  awesome.”
Not  everybody  witnessed  the  swift  fight  in  front  of  Frankie’s  taverna.  Anton  was  back  on  the  farm  with  his  beloved  Billie,  who  was  the  only  Homesteader  near  to  his  size,  and  they  were  becoming  inseparable.  She  knew  she  had  to  share  him  with  the  other  girls,  but  it  had  been  the  normal  thing  to  do  for  decades  now,  and  the  thought  of   him  in  someone  else’s  arms  didn’t  trouble  her.  One  man,  one  woman  partnerships  were  unknown  to  the  villagers.  He  sometimes  went  on  a  guilt  trip  about  it,  and  she’d  had  to  slap  him  a  time  or  two  to  bring  him  back  to  reality,  but  life  was  good  for  them  now.
Four  others  missed  it  too,  Sylvia  was  mountain  climbing  with  Simon,  Georgie  and  Maxine.  They  were  heading  North,  and  hoping  to  gain  enough  altitude  to  get  a  clear  signal  from  the  party  that  had  gone  to  reconnoitre  Valencia  airport.  They  needed  to  know  an  approximate  return  date,  as  rumours  of  the  patrol’s  destruction  would  be  sure  to  reach  Violet  in  Central  before  too  long.
Unfortunately,  the  bad  news  had  travelled  fast,  and  Violet  was  already  screaming  at  her  miserable  priestesses  for  their  lack  of  foresight.  How  could  they  have  not  seen  this  coming  with  that  bloody  fortune  telling  machine  of  theirs?  What  good  was  the  damn  thing?  They  fed  it  sheep  and  goats,  and  all  it  did  was  make  pretty  pictures  in  the  air.  She  sent  out  the  order  to  raise  the  militia  to  squash  the  rebellion  pronto.

“Better  stop  a  moment,  ladies,”  Simon  suggested,  “There’s  a  lot  of  people  ahead.”
The  three  women  shaded  their  eyes  and  squinted,  but  even  with  their  enhanced  eyesight,  there  was  nothing  to  alarm  them.
“Well,  there’s  some  dust  in  the  air,  but  can’t  see  people,”  said  Sylvia.  The  others  agreed  with  her.  Simon  turned  to  Max  and  adjusted  Anton’s  helmet  for  her.
“That’s  about  right,  now  click  this  switch  here.”
She  squealed  in  fright  and  stumbled  backwards,  as  the  vid  screen  slid  down  and  showed  the  view  from  the  helcam.
Georgie  grabbed  her  by  the  arm  as  she  went  past,  and  held  her  upright.
“Aaah.”  Max  uttered  and  waved  her  arm  about  in  front  of  herself,  making  clutching  motions  with  her  fingers.  “What?  Where  are  they?”
“Out,”  said  Simon,  close  to  Max’s  helmet.  There  was  a  small  whirring  sound  as  the  3D  camera  refocused,  and  Maxine’s  view  of  the  world  widened.  She  quickly  grasped  the  fundamentals  of  the  camera,  ‘in’  and  ‘out’  being  the  only  two  commands  she  would  need.  Simon  passed  his  helmet  to  Sylvia,  then  Georgie  demanded  a  turn,  and  for  several   minutes  the  Homesteaders  played  with  their  new  toys.  “in...  out...  in...  out...  in…  out.”  Eventually  they  settled  down  and  examined  the  trail  in  front  of  them.
“Well,  you’re  not  wrong,  lover  boy,  there’s  people  ahead.”  agreed  Sylvie.
“Lots  of  them,”  added  Georgie,  “coming  this  way,  and  they’ve  got  carts  as  well.”
“Piled  up  with  stuff,”  said  Sylvie.  “Driving  a  flock  of  goats  and  sheep.  I  can  see  cattle  too,  off  to  the  side.  There,  top  of  the  front  wagon.  You  see  her,  Jo?”
“Can’t  miss  her,  she’s  so  big.  Es  la  Gran  Chica.  Crampton’s  on  the  move.”
They  swapped  helmets  again  and  Simon  shut  down  the  electronics.  If  Hawk  or  Hind  were  going  to  relay  for  them,  they  would  have  heard  from  Margaret  by  now,  and  two  hours  and  five  kilometres  later,  they  greeted  the  ‘greatest  girl  in  the  world’.

“Hello,  Mojo,  what  you  doing  down  here  then,  moving  house?”
She  was  Mona  Verge,  Crampton’s  guru  and  leader,  and  she  looked  down  at  Sylvie  chuckling,  “not  surprised  to  see  you  girl,  they  said  you’d  live  through  it.  How  did  it  go?”  Some  of  the  travellers  recognised  that  they  were  in  for  a  lengthy  stop,  so  had  started  setting  up  camp  beside  the  trail.  Mona  climbed  carefully  down  from  the  cart,  and  yelled  for  a  stool  to  be  brought.
Drinks  were  passed  round  as  she  told  them  why  Crampton  was  ‘on  the  move’,  and  it  transpired  that  Margaret’s  little  group  had  stopped  with  them  for  two  nights,  on  their  way  North,  and  the  inevitable  had  happened,  Jimmy  and  Marcus  had  been  making  whoopee  with  several  Crampton  women,  and  the  whole  village  had  decided  the  next  day  to  up  sticks  and  go  South.  It  had  taken  several  days  to  organise,  but they  were  now  only  a  day  or  two  away  from  Homestead. 
Mojo  spoke  openly  to  them,  “way  I  figured  it  was  that  you’ve  already  got  lots  of  room  for  us  down  there,  and  if  you  was  all  dead,  then  we  had  a  whole  village  to  ourselves.”  She  then  lost  her  nearly  permanent  smile.  “There’s  nobody  to  the  North  of  us  now.  Went  up  to  Albert  a  couple  of  months  ago  and  found  the  place  deserted.  As  far  as  I  know,  we’re  at  the  edge  of  the  world  girl.”
The  smile  returned,  “enough  of  that  gloomy  talk,  tell  me,  would  your  man  there  be  available  to  do  me  the  honour?”  and  she  fluttered  her  eyelashes.
“Not  possible  at  the  moment,”  said  Max  quickly,  “we  all  rather  overused  him  this  morning,  won’t  be  fit  for  a  day  or  two.”
“Wonder  he  can  walk,  after  what  we  put  him  through,”  added  Georgie,  innocently.
“Mmmm.  Well  no  doubt  the  cheeky  thing  will  find  out  where  I’ll  be  staying,  when  you  get  back  from  your  stroll.”  said  the  big  guru.
They  said  their  farewells  and  started  to  climb  the  low  hills  towards  Saddlers  mountain.  Simon  contemplated  the  fate  awaiting  him  at  Homestead,  “she’s  so  big.  I  wouldn’t  know  where  to start.”
“We’ll  protect  you  lover.”  said  Max.
“But  if  push  comes  to  shove,”  Sylvia  added,  “you’ll  just  have  to  tell  her  you  love  her,  and  get  on  with  it.”
Simon  was  speechless,  and  they  walked  on  in  silence.  Sylvia  just  smiled  to  herself.  She’d  caught  Mona’s  sly  wink  at  her,  and  knew  she’d  been  teasing.
It  was  cold  when  they  stopped  for  the  night,  below  the  summit,  and  they  hoped  that  the  next  day  would  see  their  errand  fulfilled.  They  spent  the  night  wrapped  up  together  in  a  tight  parcel  of  all  the  blankets  and   cloaks  they  had,  and  slept  fitfully.
Northwards
“Sorry,  girls,”  said  Georgie.
“Wha’for?”  mumbled  Maxine,  still  half  asleep  in  the  tight  cocoon  of  blankets  and  cloaks  surrounding  them  all.
“Had  to  do  it,  or  I’d’ve  burst.”
The  stench  of  her  silent  fart  crept  up  the  blankets,  and  Max  scrambled  out,  wide  awake  now.  “Hells  girl,  what  you  been  eating?  That’s  evil.”
They  huddled  around  the  meagre  fire,  each  wrapped  in  their  own  thoughts  while  waiting  for  the  pot  to  boil.  Although  there  was  nothing  in  the  area  like  coffee,  the  beans  from  the  carob  trees  provided  a  reasonable  chocolate  substitute  and  they  had  found  lots  of  ingredients  for  herbal  tea.  While  not  comparing  favourably  with  Best  Moroccan,  the  miners  had  admitted  that  it  was  drinkable.
Breakfast  was  a  chunk  of  stale  bread,  and  a  handful  of  nuts  washed  down  with  pretend  tea,  and  Simon  vowed  to  do  the  catering  next  time  they  ‘went  for  a  stroll’.

Two  hours  later,  they  were  on  the  summit,  and  Simon  powered  up  the  two  helmets,  his  own,  and  Anton’s,  now  resting  on  Sylvia’s  head.
“Got  them,”  he  said  thankfully,  and  redirected  Sylvia  in  the  right  direction.  The  distant  figures  were  only  tiny  dots  on  his  vid  screen,  but  years  of  training  let  him  interpret  the  view.  “See  them,  Sylvie?”
“Well  I  see  something.  Could  be  ants  I  suppose?”
“Time  to  make  a  call  I  think,”  he  said  and  tweaked  the  audio  controls.
“Wedge  Simon.  Valence  Margaret,”  and  he  waited.  “Wedge  Simon.  Valence  Margaret.”  There  was  still  no  answer,  so  he  tried  again,  and  again.  After  an  hour,  they  were  about  to  give  up  and  start  walking  again,  when  Maxine  told  them  that  she  had  seen  a  flash  of  light  Eastwards,  out  to  sea.  They  turned  as  one  and  looked  where  she  pointed.  There.  There  it  was  again.
“Good  grief,  they’ve  done  it,  Hood’s  coming  in,”  exclaimed  Simon  as  the  shuttle  grew  on  his  vid  screen.
“Is  that  Hood?”  asked  Sylvie  not  comprehending  what  she  saw.
“Yes,  no,  well  part  of  her  anyway.  It’s  the  same  sort  of  shuttle  that  we  came  down  in  2,000  years  ago.  It’s  a  miracle  it  still  works.”
Maxine  and  Georgie  could  just  see  the  little  craft  as  it  descended  towards  Valencia.  Finally  it   was  skimming  along  the  runway,  trailing  smoke  and  billowing  parachutes,  eventually  coming  to  a  safe  stop.
“That  was  brilliant.  Even  Ricky  couldn’t  have  done  it  better.”  shouted  Simon.
“Ricky?  Can  Ricky  do  that?”  Maxine  was  incredulous.
“Too  true  sweetie,  he’s  the  best  shuttle  jockey  ever  seen.”
“NOT  BAD  WAS  IT,  SIMON.”
“Hood,  Hood  baby,  are  we  glad  to  see  you.”
“THE  PLEASURE  IS  MUTUAL,  I  CAN  ASSURE  YOU.”
“Hood,  can  you  say  a  few  words  to  my  friends  here?  They’d  really  appreciate  it.  They’re  in  your  fan  club.”
They  pressed  their  ears  close  to  the  helmets.  “AND  WHO  ARE  YOU  GOOD LADIES?  WOULD  ONE  OF  YOU  CARE  TO  WAVE  TO  ME?”
They  talked  for  only  about  ten  minutes,  but  it  was  like  a  lifetime  for  the  three  ecstatic  women,  who  were  suddenly  star  struck  teenagers  again.  Hood  described  the  clothes  they  were  wearing  to  prove  that  she  really  could  see  them,  and  reassured  them  that  she  was  back,  but  strangely  enough,  still  orbiting  the  moon.  They  didn’t  understand  that  bit,  but  decided  that  the  Lady  of  the  night  was  great  enough  to  be  wherever  she  wanted.
“We  shall  pray  to  you  both,”  Georgie  declared  fervently,  then  Hood  patched  Simon  through  to  Margaret,  while  the  others  took  turns  wearing  Anton’s  helmet  to  get  a  better  look  at  the  shuttle,  aka  Hood.
Margaret  briefly  gave  Simon  a  rundown  of  what  they  had  been  up  to  since  leaving  Homestead,  and  asked  for  details  of  the  villagers  battle  with  the  patrol.  Although  he  left  out  the  ‘nasty’  bits,  she  could  tell  he  had  been  affected  by  the  experience.
Except  for  one  night  when  the  three  Homestead  girls  claimed  to  have  heard  big  cats  fighting  in  the  distance,  her  story  was  fairly  mundane.  They  had  only  seen  Fran  Collier  and  her  daughter,  who  had  volunteered  to  help  them,  along  four  of  the  Crampton  women.  They  had  worked  non  stop,  clearing  away  rubble  and  what  appeared  to  be  the  remains  of  a  couple  of  Hood's  original  shuttles,  and  if  it  hadn’t  been  for  Fran’s  ox  team,  and  five  wardogs   who  had  turned  up  unexpectedly,  they  would  still  have  been  only  about  half  way  down  the  runway.
Hood  then  declared  the  shuttle  safe  to  enter,  and  Ricky  was  about  to  board  her,  so  they  might  get  an  estimate  of  when  they  could  return.  Simon  signed  off  and  smiled,  shaking  his  head  at  the  sight  of  the  still  giggling  women.  Ten  days  ago,  he’d  been  fighting  in  the  line  beside  them,  with  Max  cursing  at  him  for  getting  in  her  way,  and  now  look  at  them.  Were  they  really  the  same  people?  Did  he  change  like  that  as  well?  His  mind  was  a  seething  cauldron  of  questions  without  answers.
Ricky  paused  at  the  top  of  the  short  stairway  to  the  shuttle’s  door,  and  surveyed  the  skin  of  the  craft.  As  well  as  being  battered  and  discoloured,  there  were  actually  whole  panels  missing.  He  frowned  and  gave  a  low  whistle,  “How  the  hells  did  this  manage  to  get down?”  he  wondered  out  loud.
“Easy  peasy  fat  boy,  we  got  a  real  flyer  on  board,”  came  a  small  voice  from  inside  the  shuttle.  “Watch  where  you’re  treading  dopey,  this  sort  of  body  don’t  grow  on  trees  you  know.”
Ricky  paused  with  his  right  foot  held  high  and  stared  at  the  diminutive  figure  below  him.  “Holy  goalposts.  Are  you  the  pilot?”
“Course  not,  can’t  reach  the  brake  pedal,  can  I.  The  little  mech  followed  this  outburst  with  a  peal  of  shrill  laughter,  then  it  whirled  round  and  sped  away  into  the  cabin.
“HO  HO  HO,  AMUSING  LITTLE  FELLOW,  ISN’T  HE?  HIS  NAME  IS  ALFIE.  I  REALLY  MUST  TELL  THAT  JOKE  TO  TOKSVIG  GOOD  ONE.  IT’S  ALL  MY  OWN  WORK  YOU  KNOW.”
“Hi  Hood,  it’s  nice  to  see  you  in  good  spirits.”
“NOW  THAT’S  A  GOOD  ONE  AS  WELL,  BUT  YOU  GET  NIL  POINTS  BECAUSE  IT’S  NOT  REALLY  ORIGINAL.”
Ricky  was  slowly  losing  the  plot  at  this  point,  “say  again?”
“AGAIN.  HO  HO  HO.  NO,  THAT’S  WHAT  THEY  SAID  TO  ADMIRAL  NELSON.”
There  was  only  baffled  silence  from  Ricardo.
“HE  WAS  THE  BRITISH  STARFLEET  COMMANDER,  AND  HE  LIVED  IN  A  BARREL  OF  RUM.  GOOD  SPIRITS?  BEFORE  YOUR  TIME  OBVIOUSLY.”
Ricky  was   still  speechless.
“TIME  TO  TALK  TO  MARGARET,  I  BELIEVE.”
Margaret  and  Gudrun  weren’t  exactly  eavesdropping,  as  Hood  was  broadcasting  as  well  as  using  the  speakers  in  the  shuttle.
“Has  she  gone  crazy?”  asked  Margaret.
“Didn’t  think  it  was  possible,  but  it  sounds  like  the  humour  module  is  overlaying  the  core,”  replied  Goodie,  the  programmer.  “I’ll  have  to  talk  to  her.”
It  wasn’t  necessary.  Hood  damped  down  the  volume  on  the  humour  board  and  outlined  the  next  phase  of  her  plan.  From  the  shuttle’s  belly  was  extruded  metre  after  metre  of  continuous  diamond  panelling,  and  within  six  days,  they  had  erected  a  perimeter  fence  100  metres  in  diameter  with  Hood  near  the  centre,  and  Alfie  had  been  joined  by  Betty  and  Gummy,  both  bigger  versions  of  the  annoying  little  mech.
They  were  betting  that  the  next  one  to  appear  from  the  shuttle’s  teleport  would  be  named  Delly,  or  something  like  that.  Another  two  days  passed  by,  then  Hood  declared  them  redundant,  as  she  now  had  a  small  army  of  mechs  scurrying  about  the  shuttle.
“THE  PLAN  IS  FOLLOWING  THE  MODEL  PERFECTLY,”  she  announced  to  the  assembled  workers.  Daisy,  Paula,  Fiona  and  Ducky  from  Crampton,  and  Fran  and  Jean  the  pedlars  listened  attentively,  but  had  to  have  much  of  it  explained  again  later.
“AND  THIS  VERSION  OF  MYSELF  WILL  BE  MOBILE  IN  40  DAYS  TIME.  THERE  IS  A  STREAM  VESSEL  IN  THE  OCEAN  75  KILOMETRES  TO  THE  EAST,  AND  IT  HAS  A  STRANGE  PROFILE.  HAWK  BELIEVES  IT  TO  CARRY  THE  KEY  TO  OUR  TIME  TRAVEL  THEORIES.  IF  IT  CAN  BE  SALVAGED  THEN  WE  CAN  COMPARE  IT  TO  YOUR  TIME  VESSEL  IN  THE  HOPE  OF  MAKING  A  SUPERIOR  MODEL.”
Betty,  Gummy  and  Delhi,  yes  there  was  a  Delhi,  were  carrying  the  promised  items,  and  loaded  them  onto  the  peddlers  cart.  Hood  had  been  in  contact  directly  with  the  Never,  so  as  well  as  the  two  ‘low  energy  weapons’,  one  crate  contained  a  power  cell.  Hood  had  found  the  Never  slightly  amusing.  Fairly  intelligent,  but  dull.  Probably  needed  to  know  a  few  good  jokes.  One  of  the  derelict  Stream  ships  turned  out  to  be  a  hospital,  and  Hood  had  salvaged  two  scalpels  which  ought  to  be  really  useful.  One  of  them,  Hood  explained,  was  a  real  whizz  to  use,  solar  powered  and  fairly  dangerous,  but  the  other  one  was  dormant,  couldn’t  be  powered  up  by  mechs,  and  seemed  to  be  part  biological.  These  were  the  promised  low  energy  weapons.  The  fifteen  weary  workers  loaded  up  the  wagon  and  trudged  off  on  the  week  long  journey  back  to  Homestead,  and  as  they  left  the  perimeter  gate,  they  could  hear  little  Alfie  talking  to  another  mech.
“Knock  knock.”
“Who’s  there?”
“I  no.”
“I  no  who?”
“If  you  already  know,  why  you  asking,  dumbo?”
Medical  matters
Denny’s  pounding  headache  was  only  part  of  the  price  she  was  still  paying  for  saving  Jan  from  suffering  the  pain  of  medieval  surgery  on  the  stump  of  her  left  arm, and  was  in  the  recycler  being  sick  again.  Jan  was  safe  enough  now,  laid  on  the  medico  with  tubes  in  every  orifice,  being  re-hydrated  and  stabilised.  The  film  of  macro-docs  was  beginning  to  form  over  the  grisly  mess  below  her  left  elbow  and  the  Never  had  estimated  a  rebuild  time  of  97  hours.  A  problem  had  arisen  though.  Caren  stared  at  the  molecule  thick  patch  growing  on  Jan’s  stump.
“Is  it  still  the  same?”  she  queried.
“STILL  THE  SAME  CAREN,”  Replied  the  time  ship.  “VOLUMETRIC  MACRO  PRODUCTION  RATE  DIMINISHING.  RESTRUCTURE  ESTIMATE  86%.  MACRO  UNIT  UNREPAIRABLE.”
The  medico  was  failing,  just  as  the  time  thrust  block  had,  and  would  soon  only  be  fit  for  use  as  a  dining  table.
“Monitor  production,  and  we’ll  revise  in,”  she  frowned,  trying  to  remember  what  time  of  day  it  was,  “fourteen  hours.”
The  toilet  door  opened  and  Denny  walked  slowly  through  the  bay  and  out  into  the  cave.  After  a  moment  Caren  followed  and  sat  with  her  on  the  cave  floor.
“Oh,  Denny  baby,  you  shouldn’t  have  done  it.  Not  for  so  long,  anyway.”  She  put  her  arm  round  her  adopted  sister’s  shoulders  and  kissed  her  on  the  cheek.
“Lady  knows,  she  was  strong  Cas.  Almost  got  out  twice.  I  feel  dreadful.”
Denny’s  family  were  different,  not  just  seers  and  gurus,  but  mental  magicians.  Denny’s  talent  was  still  developing,  but  she  was  going  to  be  good.  Really  good.  For  five  days,  Jan’s  consciousness  had  been  kept  in  a  safe  corner  of  Denny’s  mind,  behind  the  ‘door’  she  had  suggested  to  Jan  on  the  bench  in  the  taverna.  They  now  knew  each  others  secrets,  but  the  differences  between  them  meant  that  Jan  would  only  remember  it  as  a  dream,  and  would  forget  most  of  it  with  the  passing  of  time.
Pushing  Jan  back  into  her  body  had  been  traumatic  for  both  of  them,  and  Jan’s  awful  screams  were  still  echoing  in  Denny’s  head.  Thankfully,  the  medico  had  been  primed  ready  to  start,  and  as  soon  as  Jan  started  howling  with  pain  and  fright,  Caren  had  given  the  command  to  commence.
“You  look  like  you’ve  been  scorched,”  Caren  whispered.
“What?”
“Doggy  joke.”
“Oh.”  Denny  managed  to  smile.  “How  are  you  getting  on  with  them?”
“Well,”  she  hesitated,  “it’s  interesting,”  was  all  she  said.
Denny  shook  her  head.  “In  what  way?”
It  was  Caren’s  turn  to  smile.  “Most  of  the  time,  it’s  chaos.  Arguing,  especially  at  mealtimes,  but  between  fights  it’s  boring.  Except  that  Flair  showed  me  her  drawings.”
“Artistic  dog  people.  Well  why  not?”
“And  these  pictures  are  special.  They  don’t  actually  have  writing,  but  their  history  is  drawn  on  a  set  of  parchments  that  go  all  the  way  back  to  something  Flair  called  the  great  journey.”
“What  was  that  then?”
“Don’t  know,”  replied  Caren  slowly,  “she  didn’t  tell  me.”  She  kissed  Denny  again.  “Come  on  love,  let’s  go  for  a  lie  down.  Nothing  more  to  do  here.”

Five  days  earlier,  when  Caren  had  turned  up  at  the  Vine  and  explained  what  they  had  to  do  with  the  funnel  and  hose  she  had  brought,  Frankie  was  incredulous,  to  say  the  least.  “Let’s  just  go  through  that  again  shall  we?  We  join  this  funnel  to  this  here  hose,  stick  it  up  her  arse,  then  fill  her  up  with  salty  water?”
“That’s  right  mistress  Vine.”
“And  that’ll  be  good  for  her  will  it?  Never  heard  such  nonsense,  it’ll  likely  kill  her  off.”
Caren  sighed  again,  “look,  it  shows  you  how  and  why  in  this  book.”  She  waved  the  plaz  sheets  in  front  of  the  innkeeper.
Frankie  paused,  then  said,  quieter,  “show  me  again.”
Caren  patiently  pointed  out  the  relevant  passages  and  illustrations  in  the  medicine  for  beginners  book.
“The  words  don’t  look  right.  Spellings  are  all  wrong.  Show  me  that  salty  word  again.”
At  last  they  administered  the  weak  saline  enema  to  Jan’s  vacant  body.  Cas  hadn’t  tried  to  explain  that  Jan  was  now  living  inside  Denny’s  mind,  but  just  said  that  Denny  had  put  her  to  sleep  till  the  medico  was  free.
Val  Tomson  and  Ginny  Brand  were  enlisted  to  look  after  Jan  while  she  was  in  the  taverna,  and  proved  to  be  avid  readers,  asking  Caren  for  ever  more  of  the  plaz  books,  and  the  book  of  home  management  proved  to  be  hugely  popular,  with  them  reading  over  and  over  again  how  to  keep  your  bathroom  sanitized.  Here  in  Homestead,  you  sanitized  your   toilet  with  a  spade,  filling  it  in  and  digging  out  a  new  one.

After  the  cauterizing  of  Jan’s  stump,  it  had  become  impossible  not  to  notice  that  Denny  wasn’t  well.  Tilly  the  herbalist  was  concerned  about  everybody’s  health,  and  had  eventually  managed  to  bully  Denny  into  eating  the  bitter  leaves  she  brought  her,  and  the  headaches  grew  less.
Denny  and  Caren  had  been  mistaken  for  children  when  they  first  arrived,  for  Denny  was  only  about  1.5  metres  tall  and  Caren  not  much  more,  but  their  status  in  the  village  was  now  of  folk  hero  proportions.  The  battle  on  the  green  had  proved  them  both  the  equal  of  any  fighter  the  villagers  knew,  and  Denny’s  quietening  of  Jan  had  been  seen  through  the  taverna’s  windows  by  girls  eager  to  spread  the  tale  of  the  dark  angel.  Some  said  witch  and  the  like,  mostly  behind  closed  doors,  but  even  if  she’d  heard  them  say  it,  Denny  would  only  have  agreed  with  them.  She  knew  that  the  war  with  Central  was  the  time  of  the  ‘real’  Dark  Angel,  and  then  she  would  finally  know  herself  for  what  she  really  was.  For  good  or  bad,  there  was  no  choice,  and  either  the  prayer  book  was  right,  or  it  was  wrong.
The  next  day  they  sent  for  Ma  Nesbitt  and  Wandra,  Jan’s  aunt,  and  they  stood  by  the  side  of  the  medico  with  Caren.
“As  marvellous  as  this  machine  is,  it’s  only  a  machine,  and  it’s  breaking  down,”  she  explained  to  them.
Naturally,  Wandra  looked  worried,  “not  going  to  die,  is  she?”
“No,  dear,  she’s  safe  now,  but  we  can’t  finish  it.”
Connie  was  fascinated.  “Growing  back  an  arm,  now  there’s  something  you  don’t  see  every  day.”
“But  we  can’t  finish  it.”  Caren  repeated,  “look.  Never,  show  expected  resource  graph  and  visualize  alternatives.”
“YES  CAREN.”
The  screens  beyond  Jan’s  silent  form  showed  the  three  satisfactory  outcomes  that  were  possible  with  the  volume  of  macro  docs  available.
“Animate  and  go  full  torso.”  The  bodies  on  the  screen  moved  in  harmony.
“Give  8%  margin  of  growth  reduction.”  The  animated  left  arms  shrank  slightly.
“That’s  the  best  that  we  can  do.  Sorry.”
“Which  one  girl,”  asked  Wandra,  “they’re  different.”
“You  want  us  to  choose,  don’t  you?”  said  the  guru.
“I  figured  you  would  know  best,  being  her  kin  and  seer.  But  we’ve  got  to  decide  now,  before  they  get  too  far.”  She  indicated  the  twinkling  covering  of  macros.
“Short  arm,  skinny  arm,  or  a  hand  with  only  a  finger  and  thumb.  Mmmm.  Will  any  of  them  give  her  aches  and  pains  in  the  wet?”
“No,  they’ll  be  perfect.  Different,  but  perfect.”
The  two  women  studied  the  moving  images.
“That  one  don’t  turn.”
“No,  the  bones  have  to  be  fused  together.”
“And  she  can’t  be  having  fingers  like  that,  she’d  likely  be  called  names.”
“Leaves  that  one  then,”  said  Connie  with  a  sigh,  “It’ll  be  short  but  strong.”
“And  move  proper  too,”  added  Wandra.
“Settled  then?  Never,  reprogram  for  model  3KB76.  And  visualize.”
“MODEL 3KB76,”  repeated  the  Never,  “DOWNLOAD  AND  OVERLAY.  RUNNING  INTEGRATION.  COMPLETE.”
“That’s  it,  ladies.  Now  all  we  can  do  is  watch  and  wait.”
“CAREN.”
She  frowned  and  turned  to  the  speaker,  “Yes  Never?”
“WHAT’S  BROWN,  GOT  ONE  WHEEL,  TWO  LEGS  AND  FLIES?”
“You’ve  been  talking  to  Hood,  haven’t  you?”
“YES,  CAREN.  SORRY  CAREN.”
Chapter 9
of  Girls  and  Goats
The  Council
The  sound  of  young  girls  voices  drifted  through  the  open  door  of  the  barn.
“They  didn’t  exactly  come  to  blows,  but  Connie  Nesbitt  and  that  fat  Mona  Verge  had  been  nose  to  nose  shouting  at  each  other,  and  Queenie  had  been  about  to  send  for  Beryl,   when  suddenly  they’d  started  laughing  as  if  nothing  had  happened.  Anyway,  the  upshot   of  it  was,  according  to  Jenny  Waverider  who’d  seen  it  all,  you  know,  broken  nose  from  Dockside,  was  that  they  disappeared  into  old  Nessie’s  house,  and  sent  out  for  cider  from  our  place.  That  Crampton  lot  had  set  up  home  in  the  old  cottages  past  the  spring,  but  nobody  offered  to  help  them.  Well  they  were  a  queer  lot  weren’t  they,  you  know,  Northern  bumpkins  and  all  that.  It  were  different  later  though,  when  Ma  Nesbitt  put  the  word  out  that  it  was  the  neighbourly  thing  to  do,  just  to  help  out  a  bit,  here  and  there.  She  didn’t  actually  say,  ‘or  else’,  but  you  could  hear  it  unspoken  in  the  air,  whenever   she  walked  past  you.  The  Bear,  you  know,  that  Anton,  well  he’d  gone  up  to  help  Billie  in  the  forge,  yeh,  still  making  spears  and  arrows,  and  he’d  hardly  got  no  clothes  on  again,  and  there  was  a  steady  stream  of  womenfolk  finding  excuses  to  go  by  the  forge  door.  They’d  suddenly  start  walking  real  slow  and  stretching  their  necks  to  get  a  glimpse  of  his  chest.  Never  seen  anybody  that  big  without  breasts  had  they?  Well  it’s  true,  can  say  it  if  it’s  true.  Then  Sylvie,  Jo,  Max  and  Simon  came  back  from  the  mountains  and  the  whole  place  was  full  of  giggling  girls.  Giggling  women  too,  and  you’d  think  they’d  know  better,  wouldn’t  you?”
“Why  was  that  then?”
“Why  was  what?”
“All  that  giggling  stuff.”
“Don’t  you  listen,  Sali  Vorden?  I  told  you.  It’s  that  sex  thing,  makes  grown  women  go  silly,  and  besides,  Sylvie  and  the  others  spoke  to  Hood,  didn’t  they.”
“Yeh,  well  we  all  pray  to  her  every  month,  don’t  we  Tan,  well  I  do,  don’t  you?”
“Course  I  do,  but  this  time,  She  spoke  back  to  them.  No,  it’s  true,  Jo  told  me.  They   saw  her  up  North,  and  she  said  pleased  to  meet  you,  and  that  now  there’s  two  of  them,  yeh,  two  Hoods,  so  we’ve  got  to  pray  twice  a  month  now.  Probably  have  to  wash  out  twice  as  many  rags  now  as  well,  but  that’s  the  price  you  pay  for  being  holy.”
“Are  you  girls  idling  again?  Them  goats  don’t  milk  themselves  you  know,”
“Yes  mum,  going  mum,”  shouted  Sali,  and  they  went  to  bring  the  animals  into  the  paddock.

“Nice,”  said  Mona,  licking  her  lips  in  appreciation,  “ain’t  tasted  Homestead  cider  since  our  Lily  stole  a  barrel  off  that  Collier  woman  last  year.”
“Well  we  got  standards  to  keep  up.  Don’t  make  no  rubbish  like  them  slackers  down  Ibis  way,”  beamed  Connie,  pleased  with  Mojo’s  compliment.  “Course,  your  orange  brandy’s  a  bit  special  as  well,  got  a  rare  punch  to  it.  Smooth,  but  punchy.”
“So  happens  that  I  might  have  a  bottle  on  me  somewhere,  dear,”  Mona  replied,  fumbling  around  under  her  voluminous  dress,  and  the  amber  liquid  was  soon  being  carefully   poured  into  two  of  Connie’s  best  mugs.
She  gave  Ma  Nesbitt  an  appraising  glance  over  the  top  of  her  drink.
“You’re  still  sharp,  Connie.  Just  like  that  cider  o’  yours.  Aint  no  one  ever  been  able  to  shout  me  down  ’cept  you.”
“Sorry  about  that,  Mona.  Things  are  a  bit  tense  round  here.  If  you  know  what  I  mean.”
They  talked  on  through  the  afternoon,  and  sent  for  a  snack  and  more  cider.  Kirsty  brought  two  ‘omelettes  a  la  Vine’  and  three  apple  duffs  balanced  precariously  on  a  beer   tray.  One  omelette  was  twice  the  size  of  the  other,  for  Frankie  knew  about  Mojo’s  diet  plan.  Eat  everything  you’re  given,  then  demand  as  much  again.
They  had  talked  all  round  the  subject  of  what  they  could  do  about  the  Central  situation,  without  coming  to  any  firm  conclusions,  so  Sylvia  and  Lily  were  sent  for.  Sylvie  brought  Simon  with  her,  and  Mona  batted  her  eyes  at  him  again.
“Hello,  cheeky,”  she  said  coyly,  then  turned  straight  to  Ma  Nesbitt.
“So  who’s  on  our  side  then  Connie?”
“Our  side,  already,  Mona?”
“Naturally.  You  got  something  everybody  wants,  and  we’ll  trade  you  for  it.  Total  cooperation  in  exchange  for  big  bellies.”
The  two  gurus  locked  eyes  across  the  room,  and  after  a  moment,  Mona  dropped  her  guard  for  the  first  time  in  more  than  four  years  and  let  the  older  woman  see  her.
Connie  screwed  up  her  eyes  and  withdrew  from  Mona’s  aura  as  soon  as  she  could.
“Right,”  she  said,  reaching  an  instant  decision,  “Who’s  on  our  side  Sylvie.”
Homestead’s  Primera  pretended  to  think  about  it,  then  addressed  Mona,  “there’s  us,  you,  Dockside  and  maybe  Gap.  Against  Central,  Altmore,  Ibis,  La Via,  Tintown  and  Lakeside.”
There  was  a  deathly  silence  and  Lily  lived  up  to  her  name  as  she  visibly  paled.
“We’re  dead.  Central  alone  has  more  spears  than  us  two  put  together.”
Connie  Nesbitt  laughed,  “Ah  well,  there’s  the  difference  you  see  girl.  They’ve  got  spears,  we’ve  got  warriors.”  Mona  and  Lily  looked  blankly  at  her  as  she  continued,  “and  a  secret  weapon.”  The  smirk  on  her  face  was  excruciating.
Mona  cocked  her  head  slightly  to  the  left  as  though  listening.
“What  would  that  be,  Connie?”  she asked.
“Ticky  tacks.”
Simon  leaned  forward,  “Actually,  it’s  tactics.”
“Don’t  matter  what  you  call  it,  still  works  the  same,  don’t  it?”
“Yes  Ma  Nesbitt.”
Connie  sniffed,  and  relaxed  a  mite.  “As  I  said,  we’ve  got…  tacky  tickers,  and  they  don’t.”
“Well  they  better  be  good  ones  then,”  Lily offered,  with  a  shake  of  her  head,  “Cos  I  reckon  that  with  Gap,  we’ll  have  120  warriors,  and  Central’s  army  of  right  can  put  out…  oh,  lets  say  500  or  so.”
Simon’s  eyes  stared  unblinking  at  Sylvia  as  he  mouthed  the  words,  '500?'
She  nodded  at  him  slightly,  but  didn’t  show  that  she  too  was  becoming  alarmed.
The  war  council  ground  to  a  halt  and  Sylvie  suggested  that  she  and  Lily  should  outline  some  battle  plans  the  next  day  with  Simon,  Tony  and  the  angels.
It  was  Lily’s  turn  to  be  surprised,  “angels?  I  heard  some  talk  earlier,  but  I  thought  it   was  just  some  superstitious  nonsense  they  was  spouting.  We’ve  got  angels  on  our  side  as  well?  Then  I’ll  be  treble  H  damned  if  we  ain’t  got  a  chance  after  all.”
Sylvia  admonished  Crampton’s  leading  sword,  “don’t  blaspheme  so,  Lily.  Hood  might   hear  you.”
“Yeah,  right.”
“No,  truly.  She  was  talking  with  me  last  week,  got  right  chatty.”
Lily  rolled  her  eyes  in  mock  exasperation.  Southerners.  Yokels,  all  of  them.
Gathering
Sali  was  grateful  that  Tanya  came  down  to  the  farm  again,  even  if  she  was  late,  so  she  threw  down  her  spade  and  they  sat  together  in  the  orchard.  This  was  no  job  for  fourteen  year  olds,  even  if  they  were  the  youngest  two  in  the  village.
“They  should  all  have  been  down  here,  this  very  morning,  scratching  maps  in  the  barn  floor  like  last  time,  but  when  those  two  Gap  girls  came  running  up  to  the  Vine,  red  faced  and  gasping  fit  to  burst,  everybody  sort  of  went  poco  loco.  Seems  that  the  grandmother’s  a  bit  upset  about  us  killing  her  favourite  rangers  that  way,  and  has  sent  word  to  call  out  the  militia,  and  they’re  gonna  come  over  here  and  give  us  a  thumping.  Yeh,  it’s  right,  we’re  gonna  have  to  sharpen  our  swords  again  and  get  ready  for  another  scuffle.  Only  this  time,  they  reckon  that  there’ll  be  four  of  them  to  every  one  of  us.”
“What  you  gonna  do  then  Tan?”
“’S  easy  Sal,  only  got  to  kill  one  extra  this  time  and  that’ll  be  my  four.  Just  hope  some  of  them  older  ones  can  get  their  four  as  well,  or  we’ll  be  in  the  deep  stuff.”
“What  are  you  lazy  oafs  doing  now?  You  should  be  mucking  out  the  chicken  pen.”
“Yes  mum,  just  going.”
“Damn  and  blast,”  said  Tanya,  as  they  headed  for  the  deep  stuff.

“No  lass,  don’t  drink  any  more.  Tell  me  again,  now  that  Lily’s  here.”
Ma  Nesbitt  and  Jade  Bowyer  had  heard  the  garbled  message  once  already,  but  perhaps   the  sweating  girl  would  make  more  sense  when  she  calmed  down.
“What’s  your  name  girl?”  asked  Jade.
“Swift,  Susan  Swift,”  she  gasped,  “It  was  two  days  ago  it  happened,  and  Tammy  Corncrake  told  us  to  get  here  fast  as  we  could.  Said  she’d  be  very  upset  if  we  slacked  any,  said  you  needed  to  know  pronto.  Messengers  from  the  temple  in  Central  came  from  Ibis  way.  Said  that  we  had  to  go  to  Altmore  and  be  ready  for  a  scrap.  Said  that  Homestead  had  turned  evil  and  needed  teaching  a  lesson.”  She  paused  to  get  her  breath.
“What  next  child,  I  didn’t  get  it  proper  first  time,”  prompted  Connie.
“Tammy  asked  them  if  they  were  staying,  and  they  said  no,  they  had  to  get  to  La  Via  pronto  and  had  to  be  off.  Tammy  offered  them  fruit  and  cheese  and  the  like,  and  a  bottle  of  best  white  to  wash  it  down  with,  so  they  stopped  under  the  shade  tree  for  a  snack,  and  the  next  thing,  they  were  all  squirming  on  the  ground  and  screaming.  Awful   it  was.  Tammy  said  the  wine  was  probably  off,  and  good  job  it  was  the  last  bottle.”
“What  happened  to  the  messengers?”  asked  Jade.
“Buried  em  straight  away,  didn’t  want  to  attract  vermin,  did  we.”
There  was  a  sudden  silence  as  the  impact  of  the  message  sank  home,  and  Jade,  Lily  and   Connie  considered  the  news.
“So  the  La  Via  militia  will  be  late.”
“Or  better  yet  missing  altogether.”   Connie  thought  she  could  see  where  this  was  leading.
“What’s  Tammy  going  to  do  now?”
“Said  to  tell  you  that  Gap  would  be  empty  by  the  time  you  got  this  message.  The  old  folk  were  going  to  take  the  boats  to  Dockside,  and  all  the  fighting  crews  heading  overland  towards  Guardians  Nest  with  the  wagons.”
Ma  Nesbitt  was  struggling  to  keep  herself  from  laughing  with  relief.
“Look  after  them,  Frankie,”  she  said  to  the  inn  keeper  hovering  in  the  doorway.
“Jade  and  Lily,  you  go  off  and  spread  the  word  to  get  ready  to move.  I’m  going  on  the  roof  for  a  sit  down.  Rest  me  legs,  that  sort  of  thing.”
“Where  we  going,  Ma,”  asked  Jade,  as  an  afterthought.
“The  Nest  girl.  Got  an  appointment  to  keep.”

Central’s  army  would  have  to  come  from  the  West  through  the  valley  below  Guardians  Nest,  and  once  through  the  narrow  pass,  their  superiority  in  numbers  would  be  the  deciding  factor  in  any  confrontation.  Even  Mona  was  dashing  about,  as  ox  carts  were  loaded  with  armour,  tents,  apple  duffs  and  the  like,  in  preparation  for,  hopefully,  a  short  campaign.
The  first  objective  was  to  get  to  Ashers  old  farm  at  the  Nest  and  stop  the  militia  from  opening  up  the battle  front.  Fail  to  do  that,  and  they  might  as  well  have  not  bothered  packing  the  carts.
“You  better  take  your  lot  now,  Jade,”  said  Sylvia,  leaning  on  the  table,  and  looking  down  at  the  crude  map.
“If  the  militia  get  there  before  we  do,  then  it’s  up  to  you  and  Gap  to  hold  them  up.  They  mustn’t  get  past  the  Nest.  Sabe?”
“No  problemo.  When  Lily’s  girls  get  here,  we’re  going.  Just  hope  we’ve  got  enough  arrows  to  scare  em  off.”
“Well  if  you  haven’t,”  Sylvia  smiled,  “get  the  Bear  to  show  them  his  chest.”
An  hour  later,  Jade  led  the  fourteen  archers,  including  Anton,  out  of  Homestead.
It  was  when  the  last  of  them  disappeared  over  the  West  field  boundary,  that  the  reality  of  another  battle  with  Central  really  struck  home.
“We  been  lucky  so  far,  gonna  be  messy  this  time.”
“How  d’you  mean  Jan?”
“Stands  to  reason  don’t  it?  See  this?”
She  held  up  her  left  hand  for  Kerry  to  admire  again.
“Never  thought  I’d  see  it  again.  One  minute,  I  was  looking  at  blood  shooting  out  of  where  it  should  have  been,  then  it’s  back  again,  and  it’s  as  if  I  had  been  in  dreamland,  and  it  had  never  been  hacked  off  at  all.  ’Cept  me  arm’s  a  bit  short  like,  and  that  finger  ain’t  quite  right.”
“So  what’s  that  got  to  do  with  it  then?”
“Well,  that  Caren  said  that  she  was  sorry,  but  the  doctoring  machine  had  packed  up  and  this  was  the  best  they  could  do.  Anybody  else  loses  anything,  and  it’s  gone.  For  good   this  time.”
“Lydia’s  gone  for  good  already.”
Lydia’s  death  had  been  the  only  fatality  in  the  skirmish   with  Martha’s  patrol,  and  the  Docksiders  had  buried  her  on  the  mountain  side.  Kerry  and  Jan  went  quiet,  and  contemplated  the  possibility  of  life  with  missing  limbs  and  missing  friends.
Manoeuvres
Tanya  dipped  her  knife  in  the  bucket  and  washed  the  blood  off,  then  lovingly  cleaned  it  with  a  soft  cloth.
“How  do  you  know  where  to  do  it  Tan?”
“Your  mum  showed  me  last  year.  Done  it  for  her  ever  since  she  seen  the  first  one  I  did.  Said  they  wouldn’t  stand  that  way  for  her,  and  she  had  to  tie  em  up  real  tight,  and  said  that  catching  them  was  a  right  sod.”
“Why  do  they  let  you  do  it  to  them?”
“Don’t  you  listen  Sali  Vorden?  I  told  you  already.  I  just  ask  them  nicely  in  goat  thoughts  and  they  go  all  calm.  Wonder  you  can’t  do  it,  living  here  with  ’em.”
Wandra  and  Billie  had  carried  away  the  last  of  the  three  goats  that  Tanya  had  sent  to  pastures  new,  and  they  were  now  butchering  them  in  the  lean - to  next  to  the  kitchen,  ready  for  the  two  day  journey  to  the  Nest.  It  was  going  to  be  goat  on  the  menu  for  a  few  days.
Tanya  and  Sali  sat  under  the  cherry  trees  sharpening  and  polishing  Tanya’s  amazing  array  of  knives.
“Where  you  get  all  these  from  Tan?”
“Here  and  there.  Mostly  found  them  in  the  old  cottages  where  the  Crampton  lot  have  settled,  but  this  one  was  my  ‘first  blood’  gift  from  Mum,  took  this  from  the  first  one  I  killed  six  months  ago,  and  this  is  my  favourite.  I  traded  it  off  the  pedlar  woman.”
She  held  up  the  knives  and  Sali  made  the  appropriate  noises  in  appreciation.  Tanya’s  favourite  was  a  cut  down  Toledo  Espada,  and  could  have  been  a  pirates  best  friend.
“What  you  trade  for  it?”
“One  of  your  mum’s  sheep.”
“Tan,  that’s  stealing.  Ma  Nesbitt’ll  tan  your  backside  if  she  finds  out.”
“What,  tan  Tan?”  and  they  both  fell  about  in  fits  of  laughter.

The  carts  and  most  of  the  able  villagers  plus  Simon,  Caren  and  Denny  set  out  at  dawn  the  next  morning,  leaving  behind  the  old  and  infirm,  to  feed  the  chickens  and  goats,  and  also  Phil,  Posy,  Georgie  and  Susan,  who  were  to  wait  till  the  next  day  in  the  hope  of  rounding  up  any  stragglers.  They  had  been  chosen  because  they  were  all  in  their  early  twenties  and  very  fit,  but  thought  it  a  dubious  honour,  when  faced  with  a  forced  march  to  catch  up  with  the  others.  There  were  no  stragglers  and  the  dogs  still  refused  to  travel  with  them,  which  had  been  a  matter  of  grave  concern  to  Connie  Nesbitt,  who  had  been  depending  on  the  clan  being  by  their  side  in  the  battle  to  come.  But  the  sailors  from  Dockside  had  set  out  as  soon  as  they  could,  after  the  Gap  boats  had  tied  up  at  their  jetty,  and  all  four  bands  of  warriors  were  in  the  woods  at  Asher’s  farm  before  the  army  of  right  from  Central  appeared.
They  had  nearly  two  whole  days  of  boredom  and  sharpening  blades,  and  fighting  only  broke  out  twice  between  Dockside  and  Gap,  then  scouts  reported  the  arrival  of  the  first  contingents  of  the  opposing  army  shortly  after  midday,  and  the  afternoon  and  evening  were  a  kaleidoscope  of  march  and  manoeuvre  as  the  four  villages  worked  as  one  and  thwarted  Central’s  efforts  to  force  a  way  through  to  the  open  valley  beyond.  Ma  Nesbitt’s  tacky  tickers  had  worked  to  good  effect,  with  no  serious  casualties,  but  tactics  wouldn’t  be  enough,  and  when  the  sun  set,  she  was  mentally  exhausted.
“Listen,”  said  Tammy,  the  guru  from  Gap,  cocking  her  head  on  one  side,  “what  on  the  Lady’s  good  earth  can  make  a  noise  like  that?”
They  all  went  silent,  and  paused  with  spoons  of  goat  surprise  midway  between  bowl  and  mouth.  Sylvia  had  a  huge  grin  on  her  face.
“Sounds  like  dogs  to  me.”
Caren  Hummingbird  had  lived  in  the  grounded  time  machine  at  the  centre  of  dog  city  for  about  four  weeks  and  closed  her  eyes as  she  listened.
“Tag,  and  Sandal,  Toldo,  Daggit,  that’s  Flair,  Sticker,  Clock.”
Tammy  looked  blankly  at  her,  “What  the  hell’s  she  talking  about?”
“They’re  coming,”  said  Connie,  smiling  at  last,  “all  of  them.”
It  was  more  than  all  of  them,  and  a  great  cheer  came  from  the  Homestead  camp  and  spread  across  the  lines  of  tents,  as  the  war  dogs  boiled  into  view,  followed  at  a  more  leisurely  pace  by  the  party  from  Valencia.
At  first,  those  who  hadn’t  seen  the  dog  clan  before  were  tense  and  on  edge,  but  for  the  Gap  girls,  who  didn’t  even  know  of  their  existence,  it  was  a  terrifying  first  encounter.
Caren  nudged  Denny  in  the  ribs,  “look,”  she  whispered,  and  Denny  briefly  raised  her  eyes,  then  lowered  them  again.
“Yeah,  I’ve  seen  them.”
“No,  not  them,  her.”
Denny’s  brief  glance  had  been  at  the  boxes  slung  from  poles  resting  on  Jimmy  and  Walter’s  shoulders.  She  knew  that  they  contained  the  two  energy  swords  that  her  future  rested  on,  but  now  she  looked  where  Caren  pointed,  at  Gudrun.
“Holy  Mother  of  Hood,”  she  cried  out,  then  quieter,  “it’s  her.”
Five  weeks  of  travel  and  working  under  the  fierce  sun  clearing  Valencia  airport  of  rubble  had  taken  it’s  toll  on  Gudrun’s  fair  hair  and  skin.  The  girls  recognised  the  ‘old  woman’  they  had  seen  on  video  in  the  Never  Look  Back  less  than  a  year  ago.  They  had  worked  beside  Goody  since  landing  in  the  wood,  but  had  not  associated  the  bubbly  girl  with  the  old  crone  who  had  hijacked  their  time  machine  and  sealed  their  fate.
“I’ll  kill  the  cow  now.”  snarled  Denny,  and  Caren  knew  that  in  her  sisters  state  of  mind,  it  wasn’t  an  idle  threat.  Denny  leapt  to  her  feet  and  raced  towards  Gudrun,  with  Caren  close  behind  her.  Denny  screamed  and  managed  to  knock  the  startled  Gudrun  to  the  ground,  before  Caren  dived  on  her  and  wrapped  her  arms  round  her  in  an  unbreakable  hold.
The  fury  of  the  moment  passed,  and  eventually  Denny  sat  calmly  opposite  Gudrun  with  Caren  and  Margaret  between  them.  The  others  kept  a  discreet  distance  away.  Caren  had  given  her  prayer  book  to  Margaret  for  her  and  Gudrun  to  read,  and  at  last  Margaret  closed  the  little  book  and  looked  up  at  Denny.
“And  you’ve  lived  with  this  since  we  arrived?”
Denny  nodded  slowly,  near  to  tears  again.
“It’s  not  all  that  clear  in  parts  though,  is  it.”
“Close  enough  to  what’s  happened  so  far,  given  the  time  that  passed  before  it  was,  will  be  written.”
“So  I’ve  done  it  already,”  said  Gudrun,  frowning,  “but  I  haven’t  done  it  yet?”
Denny  just  nodded  again.
“What  if  I  don’t  do  it,  ever,”  suggested  Gudrun
Caren  answered,  “wishful  thinking.  You  have  and  you  will,  there’ll  be  no  choice.  Father  said  it  was  quantum,  or  something.”
“Lord  have  mercy,  what’ll  we  do?”  asked  the  appalled  Gudrun.
Denny  smiled  at  last,  “get  cleaned  up  I  suppose.  Sorry  about  your  split  lip  and  black  eye,  Goodie.”
Across  the  valley,  the  487  strong  army  of  right  spent  a  restless  night  listening  to  the  horrendous  howling,  as  the  male  dogs  did  some  serious  drinking  and  sang  some  of  the  good  old  songs.
In  their  tent  behind  the  wagon  line,  Sali  wiped  the  sweat  off  Tanya’s  forehead,  and  stroked   her  curly  brown  hair.  Tanya  dreamed  of  goats,  and  bleated  in  her  sleep  again.
Chapter  10
Mayhem  and  Mystery
Marcus  Tanto
David  Tanto  was  an  accountant  in  a  publishing  house.  Well  no,  actually  he  was  a  junior  clerk,  but  to  all  his  acquaintances,  he  was  an  accountant.  Jemma,  his  long  suffering  wife,  had  left  him,  taking  the  seven  year  old  Marcus  with  her,  and  gone  to  live  with  her  parents  in  Seattle  South,  about  a  day  away  on  the  speedway.  They  were  pleased  that  she  had  left  him  at  last  because,  in  the  words  of  her  dad  Fred,  David  was  ‘one  small  step  away  from  Doctor  Spritz’,  the  local  psychiatrist.
By  day,  he  was  David  Tanto,  but  three  times  a  week,  when  he  went  to  his  club,  he  was  known  to  his  lodge  brothers  as  ‘Firestorm’,  hero  of  Mars  and  rescuer  of  ravished  damsels.  Sword  and  Sorcery  films,  model  making,  war  games  and  suchlike  were  high  on  the  list  of  entertainments  on  offer  there.
Once  a  month,  they  organised  paint  ball  and  laser  rallies  in  Ravenna  Park,  and  it  was  in  those  woods  that  David  Tanto  finally  went  over  the  edge.  Red  team’s  Charlie  platoon  were  about  to  storm  the  Green  team  HQ,  when  a  screaming  figure  dressed  in  bearskin  and  leather  dropped  from  the  trees  into  their  midst  and  started  wielding  a  great  sword  about  his  head.  Their  terror  turned  to  anger  when  they  realised  that  the  plastic  sword  didn’t  actually  cut  anything,  but  it  wasn’t  until  Firestorm’s  wig  came  off  that  they  managed  to  subdue  him.  He  was  banned  from  the  club,  and  ridiculed  as  a  pathetic  figure,  but  other  members  secretly  began  sewing  barbarian  costumes  for  themselves,  and  six  months  later,  he  was  reinstated  as  a  full  dog  soldier  of  the  lodge.
Promoted  to  Commander,  Firestorm  led  the  Green  team  into  battle  with  lasers  and  plastic  swords  every  month.
His  fathers  enthusiasm  for  all  things  romantic  and  barbarian  rubbed  off  on  Marcus,  and  when  he  was  offered  the  chance  to  move  from  office  canteen  to  the  monster  asteroid  miner,  Hood,  both  he  and  his  father  were  ecstatic.  Marcus  actually  saw  Mars,  from  a  distance  of  course,  but  he  still  sent  squirt  messages  to  his  father,  which  were  full  of  the  dangers  of  space  travel  and  near  misses  with  asteroids.
With  a  son  actually  out  there,  in  space,  David’s  standing  in  the  lodge  reached  dizzy  heights  and  he  was  content.  Then  the  Stream  invaded  through  the  warp  gate.
Marcus  was  devastated  by  the  reality  of  alien  warfare,  and  the  first  two  months  of  fighting  in  Spain  were  a  time  of  permanent  terror  for  him.  He  inherited  a  Growler  super  capacity  laser  rifle  when  Specs  Donovan  was  evacuated  with  gangrene,  and  feeling  more  secure  behind  the  big  gun,  the  horrors  of  war  diminished  slightly,  and  turned  into  only  occasional  nightmares.
His  father  would  have  been  proud  of  him,  but  the  North  West  of  America  was  now  a  wasteland,  and  details  of  the  miners  actions  were  known  to  only  a  few.
Landing  at  Burnt  Wood  in  the  dying  time  ship,  and  then  moving  to  South  Farm  had  been  like  a  homecoming  for  him,  and  it  was  as  if  he  had  been  dropped  into  one  of  his  dad’s  dioramas.  The  village  girls  adored  him,  and  although  no  one  was  bigger  than  Anton  the  security  chief,  Marcus’s  teenage  physique  was  becoming  decidedly  Conanesque.
He  now  thought  of  himself  as  Marco,  son  of  Firestorm  and  Venga  the  she  wolf,  but  didn’t  think  the  dogs  would  understand  that  bit,  so  kept  it  to  himself.  It  was  actually  true,  sort  of,  because  his  mother  had  briefly  joined  her  husband’s  lodge  as  Venga,  but  found  it  all  a  little  disturbing,  so  had  resigned  after  five  weeks.
So  it  was,  that  on  the  second  day  of  the  battle  below  Guardians  Nest,  when  half  of  the  Eastern  army  were  thinking  of  fleeing  from  the  massed  spears  of  Central,  Marco  son  of  Firestorm,  strutted  majestically  onto  the  battlefield  with  his  permanent  escort  of  seven  amazons  and  twelve  wardogs.
Asher’s  field
The  greatly  unequal  armies  were  now  only  150  metres  apart,  facing  each  other  across  the  uneven  fields of  Asher’s  farm,  and  the  unnatural  silence  of  the  expectant  day  was  broken  by  a  rising  buzz  of  speculation  and  excitement  as  Marco’s  little  war  band  moved  steadily  from  the  right  flank,  where  Caren,  the  angel  of  light,  was  taking  practice  swings  with  her  alien  sword,  to  take  up  their  position  front  and  centre.
His  appearance  brought  different  reactions  from  all  corners  of  the  battlefield.
Central’s  tyrant  leader,  Violet  was  fuming  again.
“What  do  you  mean,  you  don’t  know  what  it  is?”  she  shouted  at  Pansy  Prayerbook,  the  unfortunate  acolyte  delivering  the  message.
“The  machine  can’t  see  it  properly,  your  highness.”
“Then  give  it  another  goat  and  tell  it  to  get  a  move  on.”
She  aimed  a  kick  at  the  cringing  girl  who  was  just  bright  enough  to  move  only  slightly,  so  that  Violet  still  had  the  satisfaction  of  her  foot  making  contact  with  flesh,  then  Pansy  limped  away  towards  the  gaggle  of  anxious  priestesses  gathered  round  the  ‘machine’.
The  Homesteaders  were  proud  of  their  Marco  and  cheered  as  he  passed  by,  and  he  acknowledged  them  with  a  clenched  fist  held  high.
“Lady,  look  at  them  muscles,  bet  he’s  stronger  than  Billie  now.  He’s  magnificent.”
“Have  you  seen  them  trollops  with  him?  They’ve  hardly  no  clothes  on,  same  as  him.”
“Should  be  ashamed  of  themselves.”
“Gonna  be  a  bit  chilly  come  autumn.”
“Look  good  though,  don’t  they.”
“Yeah.”  There  was  a  brief  silence,  then  they  simultaneously  gave  large  sighs.
“Wish  I  was  down  there  with  him.”

Opposite  Marco,  the  Ibis  contingent  were  becoming  alarmed  at  the  sight  of  the  creature  in  front  of  them.
“And  I’m  telling  you,  that  ain’t  human.  Look  at  all  that  hair  round  it’s  middle  an  down  it’s  back.  It’s  a  weird  wolf  that  is.”  
“Must  be  bloody  weird,  or  them  dogs  would  have  had  it  by  now.  You  know  that  dogs  and  wolfs  don’t  get  on.”
“Yeh  well,  them  dogs  are  not  so  ordinary  themselves,  are  they?  You  ever  seen  a  dog  with  helmet,  sword  and  shield  before?”  
“Forget  the  dogs,  that  there’s  no  wolf,  more  like  a  forest  devil.  Most  of  them  over  there  are  from  round  Burnt  Wood.”  
“So?”
“Well  you  know  what  they  say  about  Burnt  Wood  don’t  you.”
“What’s  that  then?”  
“Well,  you  know,  there’s  forest  devils  there.”
The  woman  in  the  rank  behind  them  leaned  forward,  “more  than  devils  girl.  There’s  tree  beasts  as  well.”
A  heavy  silence  fell  on  the  unhappy  group  as  they  looked  upon  the  fearsomeness  of  the  first  tree  beast  ever  seen  outside  of  Burnt  Wood.  (It  would  have  been  the  first  one  seen  anywhere  actually)  Above  his  sandals,  a  hunting  knife  was  strapped  to  each  leg,  and  he  was  dressed  in  an  animal  skin  kilt  with  leather  straps  across  his  enormous  chest,  and  his  helmet  was  covered  in  fur  and  decorated  with  horns.  Twin  swords  hung  down  his  back,  their  handgrips  peering  expectantly  over  his  shoulders.
Marcus  was  never  to  be  seen  again,  now  that  Marco  had  made  his  grand  entrance,  and  as  the  worried  murmurings  began  to  be  heard  from  the  Central  militia,  the  cheering  from  the  Eastern  army  grew  louder.
“Have  you  ever  seen  anything  like  it  before?”  said  Gudrun,  not  expecting  an  answer.
“Only  in  picture  books,  Goodie,”  replied  Margaret.  “In  his  locker  on  the  Hood.”
“What  were  you  doing  in  his  locker  then?”
Margaret  gave her  friend  a  mischievous  grin,  “well,  I  had  to  welcome  him  on  board,  didn’t  I.”
“Damn!  Thought  I  was  first  one  there.  Where’d  he  get  the  tarzan  outfit  from?”
The  answer  came  from  an  unexpected  quarter.
“Good  isn’t  it?”  said  Toldo  the  wardog.  “Our  Caren  Bonecrusher  and  your  little  Tanya  made  it  from  a  picture  he  showed  them.”
“Tanya?”  said  Margaret  with  rising  voice.
“Yes,  she  provided  the  goat  skins,  Really  needed  a  lion,  but  had  to  make  do.  Still  looks  a  hoot  though  doesn’t  he?”
Marco  was  the  best  thing  that  had  happened  to  the  dogs  in  years,  and  they  had  drawn  straws  for  the  privilege  of  running  with  him  and  his  amazons  in  the  forthcoming  battle.  In  the  unlikely  event  of  him  surviving  the  conflict,  Flair  and  Sticker  had  worked  out  a  rota  so  that  they  could  all  have  a  laugh  with  the  mad  man.
Sylvia  Long  was  Homesteads  leading  sword  hand,  and  had  thought  that  she  would  be  in  the  centre  of  the  front  line,  so  she  confronted  Marcus,  sorry,  Marco.
“What  the  hells  do  you  think  you’re  doing?”  She  said,  horrified  at  his,  and  her  girls  appearance.  “And  where’s  your  blasted  armour?”
Marco  was  right  in  character  as  he  answered  her,  “fear  not,  fair  one.  I  will  protect  you.”
“What?”
“You’re  safe  now,  fair  damsel,  for  Marco  and  his  fearless  band  of  warriors  are  here  to  save  the  day.”  He  ad-libbed  beautifully.
“What?”
The  dogs  listened  intently,  and  hung  on  to  his  every  word,  grinning  wildly  and  stifling  their  laughter.  The  distraught  war  leader  turned  to  the  three  Homestead  girls,  now  dressed  in  the  bare  minimum  of  leather  required  to  preserve  their  modesty.
“You  idiots  belong  to  me,  and  you  can  get  your  arses  back  to  the  wagons  and  put  some  decent  clothes  and  armour  on.  Now.”
The  girl  nearest  to  her,  Snowy  Vale,  looked  her  in the  eye,  then  smiled  and  taking  a  pace  forward,  casually  raised  her  shield.  There  was  a  ‘Thunk’  and  Sylvie  found  herself  staring  at  an  arrow  head  protruding  through  the  wood.
She  looked  from  Snowy  to  the  dogs,  and  back  again.  Realisation  dawned  on  her.  “Just  what  have  you  been  up  to?”  She  demanded.
“Same  as  you,  only  more  so  I  reckon”  answered  the  grinning  girl,  “all  of  us.  Crampton  girls  as  well,  and   it’s  been…  interesting.”
Sylvie  took  a  deep  breath  and  nodded  slowly.  The  Crampton  girls  had  taken  some  persuading  to  get  near  the  dogs,  but  all  seven  of  them  now  had  ‘super  senses’,  and  were  a  match  for  Beryl  and  Joannie,  the  only  others  who  had  ever  overdosed  on  superdog  hormones.
“Do  as  you  see  fit,”  she  said  quietly,  “we’ll  follow.”  Then  she  resumed  her  place,  and  sent  new  messages  both  ways  along  the  line.
Margo  Lemon  lowered  her  bow,  “see  that?  She  didn’t  even  look.”
Her  neighbour  answered  her,  “there’s  summat  a  bit  witchy  going  on  over  there  Margo.”
“Reckon  them  dogs  are  straining  to  get  on  with  it.”
“Wish  you  hadn’t  said  that,  Margo.  I’m  nearly  messing  meself  already.”
“Well  don’t  do  it  near  me,  Dotty  Sharp,  that’s  all.”
Fortunes of war
On  the  small  rise  behind  the  Eastern  ranks,  the  four  gurus,  Connie,  Mona,  Tammy  and  Joannie  linked  hands.
“Can’t  see  no  alternative,”  said  Tammy  eventually,  being  boosted  to  the  limit  by  the  other  three’s  egos.
“Might  as  well  do  it,  I  reckon.”  She  beckoned  to  the  runner,  Suzy  Swift,  “go  tell  that  Jade  to  concentrate  on  the  right.  We’ll  be  pushing  that  way.”
“Jade,  right,”  repeated  the  girl,  and  she  sped  off.

Margo  Lemon  upset  the  guru’s  plans,  by  loosing  another  shaft  at  the  ‘tree  beast’,  and  yet  again,  it  was  deftly  caught  on  another  amazons  shield.  Amongst  the  opposing  archers,  Jimmy  was  the  first  to  say  what  they  all  felt.
“It’s  bloody  stupid,  we’re  well  within  range  and  should  have  a  go,  now.”
Anton  confirmed  his  feelings,  “too  right  Jimmy  lad,  all  in  favour  say  aye.”
It  was  said  humorously,  but  humour  took  a  back  seat  here  on  Asher’s  field.  A  dozen  small  voices  said  in  unison,  “aye.”  They  probably  didn’t  understand  the  joke,  but  Jade  made  the  decision  that  changed  the  battle’s  outcome,  “Sod  it.  Nock  your  shafts,”  she  ordered  loudly.  “Draw  and  aim.  LOOSE.”  Twenty  three  arrows  soared  towards  Central’s  archers.  Seven  were  from  Homesteaders,  and  Jimmy  had  been  in  the  time  machine’s  medico,  so  eight  were  guaranteed  hits.  Fifteen  struck  home,  and  as  the  screaming  began,  Marco  started  the  advance  towards  the  enemy,  his  terrible  swords  still  sheathed  on  his  back.
The  advance  was  uneven,  as  the  flanks  were  not  expecting  it,  and  Marco’s  troop  became  the  point  of  an  arrow  formation.  When  only  ten  paces  from  the  enemy,  He  drew  his  swords  at  last,  and  in  doing  so,  his  right  sword  nicked  his  left  wrist.  Marcus  made  a  brief  appearance,  “Bugger  and  damn.”
Then  Marco  loudly  reasserted  his  authority.  “KILL  THEM  ALL,  NO  PRISONERS,”  he  bellowed  at  the  top  of  his  voice.  The  dogs  behind  him  howled  with  uncontrollable  glee.  This  was  what  they  had  risked  rigging  the  lottery  for,  it  was  going  to  be  a  great  tale  to  tell  their  grandkids,  and  they  would  be  able  to  strut  around  the  camp  and  have  the  ladies  swooning  at  their  feet.  Lady  dogs,  that  is.
When  the  amazons  started  yelling,  “kill  them  all,”  as  well,  the  Ibis  militia  suddenly  remembered  that  they  should  be  at  home  milking  the  cows,  or  something,  and  in  front  of  Marco,  the  enemy  melted  away,  while  the  only  blood  on  his  swords  was  his  own.  The  battle  ebbed  and  flowed  across  the  meadow,  with  Central’s  numerical  superiority  in  some  way  cancelled  out  by  the  Homesteader’s  super  sense  and  the  chaos  that  surrounded  Marco  wherever  he  went.  He  could  still  be  heard  above  the  clash  of  steel  and  the  screams  of  the  injured  and  their  injurers.  “NO  PRISONERS.”
Connie  Nesbitt  looked  on  in  horror.
“What  the  buggery  doodahs  are  they  doing?”  she  yelled  in  anguish,  “they  aint  supposed  to  do  that,  it’s  nothing  more  than  a  barroom  brawl.”
The  Docksiders,  however,  were  in  their  element.  Barroom  and  brawl  uttered  in  the  same  breath  were  like  nectar  to  them,  and  besides,  they  had  Beryl  on  their  side  now.  Last  time  they’d  had  this  much  fun,  at  the  Full  Moon  tavern  in  Gap,  Beryl  had  been  the  fly  in  the  ointment,  but  today,  she  was  the  icing  on  the  cake.  Behind  the  sailors  from  Dockside  and  Gap  lay  a  trail  of  bleeding  and  broken  women,  but  strangely  enough,  no  bodies.  Brawls  were  more  interesting  than  battles,  and  you  left  your  enemies  alive  so  they  could  recover  to  do  it  again  in  the  return  match.
But  over  there,  on  the  far  right,  it  was  death  city.  Caren,  she  of  the  blond  hair,  baby  face  and  innocent  eyes,  and  dubbed  the  angel  of  light  by  the  villagers,  was,  in  more  realistic  terms,  the  angel  of  death,  as  she  wielded  her  alien  sword  with  a  dexterity  born  in  the  kendo  ring  at  Hummingbird  Tower.  The  sword  was  a  scalpel  salvaged  by  the  Hood  from  a  wrecked  alien  hospital  ship,  and  had  a  blade  one  molecule  thick,  which  was  only  visible  because  it  twinkled.  Part  of  the  sword  appeared  to  be  in  another  dimension  because  all  that  Caren  had  with  her  was  the  sword  grip  with  its  controls,  and  the  helmet  covered  in  solar  panels.  There  were  no  generators,  motor  units,  gyros  or  wires  to  trip  over,  nothing.  What  the  blade  touched,  it  cut  through  without  effort,  and  it  weighed  less  than  her  kendo  stave  back  home.
She  fought  in  silence,  as  her  almost  redundant  followers  stepped  through  the  blood  and  gore  of  amputated  limbs  and  headless  bodies.
“Oh,  flaming  seesaws,  what  have  I  trod  in  now?”  exclaimed  Gilda.
“Back  off  Wilma,  it’s  growing  again.”
Caren  extended  the  blade  with  a  gentle  squeeze  of  the  handle,  and  two  of  Violet's  palace  guard,  who  thought  they  were  out  of  reach  were  felled  in  one  sweep  of  the  glittering  blade.  A  mass  of  lungs  and  intestines  fell  from  one  in  a  shower  of  blood  which  covered  the  other,  who  promptly  fainted.  She  thought  that  she  had  died,  but  the  sword  had  only  grazed  her  hand,  and  when  she  regained  consciousness  after  the  battle,  declared  it  a  miracle  and  became  a  devout  follower  of  the  Lady.

On  the  left  flank,  a  small  group  stood  watching  the  fray.  Margaret  frowned  and  turned  towards  Gudrun.  Her  friend  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  shook  her  head  slightly.  Margaret  turned  to  face  Denny  again,  who  was  sitting  with  her  back  to  an  olive  tree.
“Denny?”
“I’m  not  going,”  she  said  quietly,  and  pushed  the  alien  sword  further  away  with  her  foot.
Margaret  squatted  down  beside  her.  “You  can’t  sit  here  while  people  are  dying  for  you.”
There  was  a  haunted  look  in  Denny’s  eyes  as  she  answered.  “You’ve  read   the  book,”  she  exclaimed.  “You  know  what  happens  out  there.”
“No.  You  said  yourself  that  the  book  isn’t  always  right.  You  can’t  keep  out  of  it,  you’ve  got  to  help  us.”
Denny  jumped  to  her  feet  and   started   pushing  Margaret  away.  “No,  no,  no.”  A  push  on  each  word.  “Your  future’s  safe,  You’ll  be  the  house  of  Valens.  You’re  not  going  to  hell.”  There  were  tears  in  her  eyes  now,  and  she  whispered,  “I  am.”
Margaret  stepped  back  a  pace,  sighed  and  then  turned  and  waved  her  little  troop  forward  towards  the  whirling,  confusing  mass  of  screaming  women.

Halfway  along  the  battlefront,  two  small  figures  darted  among  the  adversaries.
“You’ll  have  to  keep  up,  can’t  look  after  you  if  you  don’t  keep  up.”
Tanya  slowed  down  to  let  her  breathless  ally  close  the  gap  between  them.
“It’s  all  these  knives  you  makin’  me  carry,  what  we  want  all  these  for  anyway.”
“Don’t  you  listen  Sali  Vorden?  I  told  you,  knife  goes  blunt  on  you  and  you’re  dead  ain’t  you.  Not  like  doing  one  goat,  there’s  lots  of  these,  and  they’re  fighting  back.”
They  ran  on,  Tanya  keeping  tally.  “Over  there,”  she  shouted,  and  veered  left  towards  a  knot  of  screaming  women  waving  spears.
“Wait  now.”  Sali  hung  back  as  Tanya’s  tiny  form   shot  forward  and  swarmed  up  the  back  of  one  of  the  mail  clad  warriors.  The  knife  flashed  in  the  sun  as  it  crossed  the  woman’s  neck,  and  an  unstoppable  spray  of  blood  spurted  from  the  severed  artery.
Tanya  grabbed  Sali  and  they  ran  between  the  groups  of  female  soldiers  swaying  across  the  bloody  field.
They  were  in  a  dead  spot  now  and  sat  between  two  boulders  in  a  shallow  dip.
“And  that  makes  eight,”  said  Tanya  proudly,  “that’s  our  four  each,  and  I  reckon  it’s  up  to  the  others  now.”
The  two  fourteen  year  olds  had  heard  that  the  odds  against  their  side  winning  were  four  to  one.  “Told  you  it  was  easy,  didn’t  I,  wouldn’t  want  to  do  it  every  day  though.”
“There’d  be  nobody  left,  if  we  did  it  every  day  Tan.”
“Yeh  well,  that’s  why  we  don’t  innit?”  She  paused,  listening,  “Someone  coming.”
A  red  faced  woman  slid  into  their  haven  in  a  shower  of  pebbles.
“Bloody  hells.  Two  kids,  where’ve  you  come  from?”
“We’re  from  South…  ouch,”  as  Tanya  kicked  her  before  she  could add,  ‘Farm’.
“South,  from  La  Via?  Thought  you’d  never  get  here,  it’s  turning  nasty  out  there.”
“Yeh,”  said  Tanya,  “we’re  the  advance  scouts,  the  rest  are  coming  now,  look,  over  there.”
The  unfortunate  woman  turned  and  peered  over  the  edge,  and  Tanya’s  right  arm  swung  round,  plunging  her  stiletto  into  the  exposed  ear  and  piercing  the  brain.  The  body  convulsed  for  a  while  and  then  was still.
“Oops.”
“Oops  what  Sali  Vorden?”  asked  Tanya,  looking  down  at  the  broken  knife  in  her  blood  stained  hand.
“Nine.  You  think  we’ll  be  in  trouble  for  it?”
Chaos
The  fortunes  of  war  should  have  swung  back  in  Centrals  favour  with  a  discordant  blast  of  horns,  when  a  monstrous  figure  grew  among  the  priestesses,  but  one  look  at  the  grotesque  shape  was  enough  for  most  of  the  combatants,  both  friend  and  foe  to  put  aside  their  differences.  Marco  had  his  back  to  it  and  never  noticed  the  sweeping  tentacle  coming  in  his  direction,  but  Ella,  one  of  his  amazons,  leapt  on  him,  yelling,  “down.”  The  huge  appendage  hurtled  past  above  them,  and  she  dragged  him  to  his  feet  again  then  turned  and  ran.  Even  the  dogs  were  retreating  slowly,  this  was  taking  the  joke  a  bit  too  far,  and  the  amazons  joined  them.
Underneath  the  horns  and  fur,  Marco’s  helmet  was  a  mining  standard  series  3,  and  the  voice  activated  vid  screen  obediently  slid  down  into  place.

Up  on  the  ridge  the  initial  shock  of  the  monsters  sudden  appearance  was  wearing  off.
“Where’d  that  come  from?”  asked  Mona,  speaking  to  no  one  in  particular.  Connie  Nesbitt  screwed  her  eyes  tighter.  “Look  careful,  Mona,  but  don’t  look  at  it,  see  it.” 
Mona,  Tammy  and  Joannie  looked  at  it,  and  saw  it  for  what  it  was.
“Cheating  buggers,”  whispered  Tammy.
“Can  you  do  anything  Jo?  You’re  the  best  hope  we’ve  got  now,”  and  Connie  looked  at  her  hopefully.
At  another  blast  of  the  awful  horns,  the  monster  had  grown  a  gorgons   head  and  the  snakes  were  inviting  everyone  to  dare  to  come  within  reach  of  their  deadly  bite.
The  panic  stricken  mob  that  had  been  two  armies  pounded  past  Tanya  and  Sali’s  shelter.  “Sounds  like  they’re  going  home  then,”  said  Sali  hopefully.  “Making  a  lot  of  noise  about  it  though,  aint  they?”  she  added.
Tanya  frowned.  “’s not  right,”  she  said  quietly,  and  peeped  over  the  edge.  She  ducked  down,  then  slowly  looked  over  again.  “Still  not  right,”  and  shut  her  eyes,  then  turned  back  to  Sali  in  amazement.
“Give  me  your  shirt  Sali  Vorden,  and  stay  put  till  I  come  back  for  you.”

Whatever  the  others  could  see  over  there  behind  the  enemies  centre,  Denny  could  only  see  mister  snakehead  with  the  writhing  tentacles,  but  the  words  of  her  prayer  book  came  unbidden  into  her  mind  and  she  knew  what  the  Dark  Angel  had  to  do.
"The  earth  cried  out  at  the  sacrifice  of  blood,"  she  whispered.
300  metres  away,  Caren  stared  at  Denny,  willing  her  to  be  strong,  and  as  if  drawn  by  some  unnatural  force,  Denny  looked  up  and  found  herself  transfixed  by  her  adopted  sister’s  accusing  eyes.
She  could  stand  it  no  longer,  and  an  inhuman  cry  started  to  creep  out  from  between  her  gritted  teeth.  "And  the  Dark  Angel  raised  the  vampire  sword  high,"  she  quoted.  Then  louder,  walking  forward.  "The  sword  took  the  soul  of  the  beast."  She  started  to  jog  down  the  slope,  and  her  voice  rose  to  a  scream.  "And  the  Dark  one  was  no  more".   She  had  to  get  there  before  Joannie.
So,  as  the  battlefield  emptied  of  the  former  antagonists,  Marco  alone  stood  his  ground  while  three  others  sped  towards  him  and  the  monster,  and  the  dogs  hesitated  in  their  unwilling  withdrawal.
Marco  looked  on  in  bewilderment.  At  the  edge  of  his  vision  the  livid  tentacles  still  swept  to  and  fro  across  the  field,  but  they  weren’t  attached  to  anything,  and  in  his  vid  plate  the  camera  showed  him  reality.
He’d  seen  one  of  these  before.  Memories  of  the  battle  for  Jalon  bridge  came  back  to  him,  and  his  dormant  nightmares  flooded  back  and  turned  his  puzzlement  to  fury.  In  front  of  him,  on  a  wagon  was  an  alien  they  had  nicknamed  ‘mind  bender’.  It  had  appeared  at  Jalon  and  projected  images  of  hordes  of  alien  tanks  into  their  minds,  and  dozens  of  his  comrades  had  died  in  the  confusion.  How  this  one  was  still  alive  was  a  mystery,  but  he  could  see  that  it  had  lost  various  bits  and  pieces  of  anatomy  or  armour,  and  a  goat  seemed  to  be  growing  out  of  it’s  face  plate.
With  an  anguished  roar  he  held  his  swords  out  in  open  defiance  and  walked  resolutely  through  the  writhing  tentacles  towards  the  wagon  and  the  red  faced  priestesses  who  were  still  blowing  those  bloody  trumpets.  The  dogs  stopped  going  backwards.  This  was  more  like  it,  Mad  Marco  at  his  best,  and  about  to  become  lunch.
As  he  thrust  his  twin  swords  through  the  goat’s  carcase  at  the  aliens  head,  his  three  rescuers  arrived  within  seconds  of  each  other.  Tanya  was  nearest  and  fastest.
Her  white  blindfolded  shape  swept  past  the  dogs  with  the  nimbleness  of  the  29  goats  that  had  willingly  given  their  lives  to  her  in  the  last  year,  and  she  leapt  at  the  grand  mistress  of  the  temple  who  was  running  towards  Marco  with  an  altar  knife  in  her  hand.
Tanya  got  her  first  battle  wound  as  the  blade  slid  down  her  leg,  but  through  the  pain,  the  little  goatherd  sliced  open  the  others  belly  with  her  best  knife.
“Goats  get  it  clean.  You  get  it  dirty,  cow  face,”  she  said  through  gritted  teeth,  then  fainted.  (She  was  a  devout  Lunist,  and  had  a  thing  about  cruelty  to  goats).
Violet  was  panic  stricken.  “You  stupid  charlatans,”  she  screamed,  “give  you  the  best  of  everything  and  let  you  keep  whatever  you  can  steal,  and  this  is  all  you  can  do?”
Then  Dockside’s  snarling  guru  was  on  her,  and  Violet  lost  her  head.  Truly,  lost  her  head.  Joannie  then  turned  towards  the  alien,  which  was  still  sending  out  images  of  the  writhing  monster,  and  where  Marco  still  struggled  to  get  his  swords  free  from  the  dead  goat,  having  failed  to  penetrate  through  to  the  alien  inside.
As  Joannie  raised  her  sword,  Denny  arrived  and  yelled  at  her,  “NO.  Don’t  make  it  bleed.”  Joannie  turned,  and  as  she  lowered  her  blade,  Denny  grabbed  at  it.
“Bloody  hells  girl,  what  you  done  that  for?”
As  the  blood  welled  up  in  Denny’s  clenched  fist,  she  raised  her  hand,  moved  it  over  the  hilt  of  her  ‘magic  sword’  and  closed  her  eyes.  Her  blood  dripped  into  the  hilt’s  receiver,  and  a  red  molecule  blade  like  Caren’s  steadily  grew  in  length  as  the  bio  sword  activated  itself.  Caren’s  scalpel  was  solar  powered  and  blue,  but  Denny’s  was  the  product  of  life  on  a  sunless  world,  and  would  later  became  known  as  the  vampire  sword.
She  stepped  forward  and  casually  brought  the  blade  down  through  the  ancient  alien,  which  fell  cleanly  and  bloodlessly  in  two,  and  as  the  projected  image  of  the  monster  snapped  out  of  existence,  the  sword  drew  the  alien  mind  into  hers  and  she  forced  it  behind  the  same  door  where  Jan  had  been.  She’d  had  Jan  in  her  mind  for  five  dreadful  days,  but  the  alien  was  going  to  be  there  for  a  lifetime.
The  Dark  Angel  now  knew  her  own  future.  She  sat  on  the  bloody  grass  and  wept.
A  legend  is  born
At  the  instant  that  the  imaginary  monster  vanished,  all  the  dogs  had  eyes  for  was  Marco,  who  had  finally  wrenched  his  twin  blades  free  of  the  unfortunate  goat.  He  was  standing  over  the  body  of  the  alien  bio  mech,  with  blood  dripping  from  both  of  his  swords.
One  sniff  of  the  noonday  air  was  enough  to  tell  them  the  truth  about  whose  blood  it  was,  but  the  dogs  were  philosophical  about  it  all  and  didn’t  want  to  ruin  a  good  story.
While  the  amazons  rescued  the  fallen  goatherd  and  Denny,  and  put  everyone  out  of  their  misery,  by  making  the  priestesses  and  their  trumpets  part  company,  the  wardogs  bounded  up  and  danced  around  the  alien  and  Marco,  waving  their  swords  and  singing  his  praises.  It  was  in  Dog  Speak,  not  Spanglish,  and  their  discordant  howling  could  be  heard  the  length  of  the  valley.  The  scattered  remnants  of  the  fleeing  armies  ran  that  little  bit  faster.

Around  lonely  camp  fires  on  long  nights,  the  tale  of  Marco,  son  of  Firestorm  and  his  blind  virgin  queen  Tanya  the  Goat,  would  grow  a  little  with  every  retelling,  and  then,  those  who  were  actually  there  would  sometimes  get  confused,  scratch  their  heads  and  say,  “did  it  really  happen  that  way?”

Chapter  11
of  Wisdom  and  Folly
Brave  new  world
Tanya  was  lying  on  a  pallet,  shaded  from  the  sun  by  a  canopy  of  jasmine,  outside  her  mums  taverna,  The  Vine,  with  her  left  thigh  swathed  in  bandages.
“Don’t  you  listen,  Tanya  Vine?  I  told  you.  You  didn’t  come  back  for  me  like  you  promised,  and  I  was  trying  to  find  you,  when  them  stupid  dogs  just  grabbed  me  and  threw  me  up  on  their  shoulders  an’  ran  all  over  the  place,  yelling  and  howling.  Terrified  I  was,  think  I  might  have  peed  my  britches  as  well.  But  anyway,  Ma  Nesbitt  got  that  Flair  to  stop  them,  and  when  they  put  me  down,  my  mum  came  over  and  called  me  a  hussy  and  boxed  my  ears.  Then  she  went  all  soppy,  picks  me  up  and  hugs  me  and  starts  crying  an’  that.  Right  embarrassing,  in  front  of  all  them  foreign  folk.  Me  all  grown  up  an’  all.  Then  old  Nessie  comes  over  as  well,  an’  I  think  she’s  gone  gaga  on  us  at  last,  cos  she  asks  me  if  them  dogs  had  tried  to  get  in  my  knicks,  and  I  said  to  her  that’s  silly,  everybody  can  see  that  they  wouldn’t  be  nowhere  big  enough  to  fit  ’em.  Tanya?”
Sali  went  quiet  at  last.  Her  best  friend,  with  29  stitches  in  her  left  leg,  was  asleep  again.
“And  no  more  dreaming  of  goats,  Tanya  Vine.”  Sali  kissed  her  forehead  and  crept  silently  away.

The  twelve  wardogs  had  risked  a  good  scorching  (it’s  a  dog  thing,  best  not  to  ask)  when  they  had  rigged  the  lottery  that  was  run  to  determine  which  members  of  the  superdog  tribe  would  have  the  great  honour  of  fighting  alongside  the  madman,  Marco  and  his  seven  amazons.  The  risks  they  had  taken  paid  off  big  style,  and  they  had  gained  enough  stories  to  last  them  a  lifetime  from  that  crazy  morning,  especially  when  Mad  Marco  had  stood  up  to  the  crimson  monster  on  his  own,  with  only  his  two  trusty  swords.
But  there  had  been  a  bonus  as  well.
On  their  way  back  to  camp,  after  the  opposing  armies  had  fled  in  terror  from  the  monster,  they  had  come  across  Sali  Vorden  wandering  the  battlefield,  naked  from  the  waist  up,  except  for  the  bandolier  of  Tanya’s  bloody  knives  over  her  shoulder.  (Tan  had  borrowed  her  shirt  to  make  a  blindfold)  The  dogs  were  still  on  the  edge  of  hysteria  after  seeing  Marco  slay  the  monster,  and  had  let  their  imaginations  run  wild  when  they  found  ‘Vorden  of  the  bloody  knives’.  The  fact  that  she’d  only  been  following  Tanya’s  gory  trail  of  death,  and   passing  the  knives  when  asked,  was  irrelevant,  for  the  legend  of  ‘Sali  who  passed  the  cutlery’  wouldn’t  have  had  the  same  wow  factor.
(Or  was  that,  ‘bow  wow’  factor?)
Of  Jade’s  group  of  twenty  three  archers,  only  she  and  Jimmy  were  still  on  the  meadow  after  the  monster  had  appeared.  Even  Anton  had  made  a  sudden  exit.  Jimmy  had  grabbed  Jade’s  arm  as  she  turned  to  run  as  well,  and  quickly  thrust  his  helmet  into  her  hands  and  forced  her  to  put  it  on.  He  had  been  following  the  ebb  and  flow  of  the  battle  on  his  helmet’s  3D  vid  screen  and  like  Marco,  saw  the  monster  for  what  it  was,  an  hallucination  generated  by  the  alien  dragged  to  the  battlefield  on  an  ox  cart.
Jade  realised  some  of  the  truth  as  well,  and  she  calmed  down  from  sheer  terror  level  to  only  mild  hysteria.  Jimmy  then  quickly  recalled  the  other  seven  miners  who  in  turn,  managed  to  stop  some  of  the  terrified  warriors,  of  both  armies,  in  their  inglorious  flight  from  the  field.
Hostilities  had  ceased  instantly,  and  with  the  deaths  of  the  alien,  the  high  priestess  and  Violet,  an  uneasy  calm  descended  over  the  valley  floor,  with  awkward  meetings  between  embarrassed  relatives  who  had  been  on  opposing  sides.  The  wounded  were  patched  up  and  sent  home  with  escorts  of  unhappy  ex-warriors  to  care  for  them,  but  a  substantial  group  of  leaders  and  gurus  remained  at  Guardians  Nest  and  sat  under  the  pine  trees  in  the  old  castle’s  courtyard  to  discuss  their  options  for  the  future.
Three  days  ago  Tina  Flake  had  been  happy  to  be  a  captain  of  spears  in  Central’s  militia,  but  now,  after  the  chaos  of  Asher’s  Farm,  there  was  no  one  of  higher  rank  left  alive,  so  she  was  Central.
“I  still  can’t  actually  believe  that  we  prayed  to  that…  thing.  How  could  we  have  been  so  stupid?  It  was  just  a  strange  creature  in  metal  armour.”
An  embarrassed  silence  sat  uneasily  on  the  group’s  heads,  then  Sylvia  cleared  her  throat  and  spoke  for  the  Eastern  villages.
“We’ve  all  been  stupid.  I’ve  been  North  and  seen  Hood.”  She  went  on,  and  briefly  explained  that  the  Hood  they  fervently  prayed  to  each  month  was  also  a  thing  of  metal,  but  in  this  case  a  machine  that  spoke  with  a  woman’s  voice.
“Well  at  least  it  talks  to  you,”  said  Tina  glumly,  “and  gives  you  presents.”
She  was  referring  to  the  two  magic  swords  used  by  Caren  and  Denny.
“All  that  damned  goat  eater  did  was  half  frighten  us  to  death  with  them  weird  pictures  it  showed  us.”
Sylvia  put  forward  the  theory  discussed  by  Connie  and  Mona  earlier.
“Our  best  guess  as  to  what  has  happened,  is  that  after  all  this  time,  religion  and  history  have  got  muddled  in  our  heads,  and  our  devotion  to  the  Lady  of  the  Night  has  got  mixed  up  by  the  Hood  crashing  into  the  moon,  while  fighting  those  alien  things,  and  going  round  with  Her.”
“Chiggers!”  Swore  Polly  Jugg,  Ibis’s  first  sword,  “all  that  blood  and  death  out  there,  and  for  what?  Two  false  gods  who  turn  out  to  be  old  enemies.  We’ve  been  had.”
“So  the  only  true  god  is  The  Lady  after  all,”  stated  Tina.
Then  Connie  Nesbitt  butted  in,  “not  necessarily  true,”  she  said  slowly.
The  others  looked  at  her  expectantly.
“We’ll  pray  to  The  Lady  as  usual  and  speak  nicely to  the  Hood,  but  we’d  do  well  to  keep  one  eye  on  little  Tanya.  As  far  as  we  can  make  out,  a  quarter  of  the  Central  dead  are  down  to  her  alone.  And  the  way  she  ran  blindfolded  across  that  field,  dodging  all  the  stuff  the  armies  had  dropped  seems  a  bit,  well…  goaty  to  me.”
There  were  raised  eyebrows,  and  Connie  explained  her  theory.  “Seems  like  Tanya’s  been  chosen  to  be  a  certain  god’s  representative  on  Earth.  Not  sure  who  that  might  be  yet,  but  for  now,  we’ll  call  her  the  queen  god  of  goats.  I  heard  Tanya  say  that  once.  Who  knows  what  other  strange  things  there  are  in  this  world  of  ours?”
They  talked  of  other  things  as  well,  like  trade  for  example,  and  precious  supplies  of  iron,  smoked  fish  and  cider  would  be  passing  through  the  valley  below  them  in  the  near  future.  Connie  and  Sylvie  absolutely  refused  to  talk  about  the  dogs.  What  went  on  between  dog  city  and  Homestead  would  be  kept  secret,  except  from  the  Crampton  girls,  who  had  already  moved  into  Homestead’s  vacant  cottages,  and  would  eventually  become  Homesteaders  themselves.
Then  the  meeting  got  round  to  the  delicate  subject  of  men.
Endgame
“Well  I’m  not  going,  and  that’s  final.”
“Simon,  listen  to  reason,”  Margaret  pleaded,  “you  can’t  all  stay  here.  The  gene  pool’s  got  to  be  managed.  You  can’t  just  father  children  willy  nilly,  with  whoever  happens  to  be  nearest  at  the  time.”
“I’m  not.  From  now  on  anyway.  I’m  staying  here  with  Frankie,  she  understands  me.”
She  stood  silently  for  a  moment,  trying  to  find  the  right  words.
“What’s  happened  to  the  Simon  we  knew  a  year  ago?”
He  turned  to  face  her  at  last,  “he  did  a  job,  a  good  job.  He  kept  you  alive  when  others  might  have  failed,  and  now?  He’s  got  a  new  career,  so  leave  him  in  peace  will  you?”
He  turned  back  to  the  stove  and  stirred  the  goat  stew,  then  tasted  it.
“Needs  a  bay  leaf,  I  think,  and  some  rosemary?”
Margaret  gave  up  and  went  back  to  the  others  sitting  at  the  benches  outside  The  Vine.
“Well?”  asked  Jade.
“It’s  doing  my  head  in,”  fumed  Margaret,  “he’s  gone  all  Freudian  on  us.”
There  were  blank  looks  from  the  two  villagers,  while  Gudrun  nodded  her  head.
“What’s  that  then?”  asked  Connie.
“It  means  dear,”  said  Gudrun,  “that  he’s  had  enough  warfare  to  last  him  a  lifetime,  and  he’s  being  awkward.  Stamping  his  foot,  that  sort  of  thing.”
“Still  don’t  get  it.”
“Look  over  there,”  said  Gudrun,  pointing  to  Marco  who  was  still  dressed  in  his  barbarian  outfit,  and  surrounded  by  laughing  amazons.  “A  year  ago,  he  was  happy  to  work  in  the  galley  on  the  Hood,  but  then  the  aliens  came,  and  when  we  went  to  war  he  was  terrified,  and  had  nightmares  all  the  time.  Simon  was  our  rock,  knew  when  to  fight  and  when  to  run.  There  were  ninety  of  us  from  the  Hood.  We  eight  are  all  that  are  left,  and  even  we  few  might  not  have  survived  without  him.”
“The  true  warrior,”  Jade  added.
“Yes.  He  was  one  of  twelve  marines,  warriors,  that  we  had  on  the  Hood,  the  rest  of  us  were  engineers  and  the  like.  Now,  he  and  Marco  have  subconsciously  swapped  roles,  and  he’s  determined  to  stay  with  Frankie  and  work  in  the  Vine’s  kitchen.”
They  drank  a  little  more  wine,  and  called  for  omelettes  all  round.  Kirsty  came  out  to  them.  “Sorry,  but  chef  says  that  omelettes  aren’t  on  the  menu  after  midday,  but  would  you  like  some  goat  surprise?”
They  reluctantly  agreed  then  Connie  said,  “you  keep  talking  to  him  dear,  and  eventually  he’ll  see  sense.”
The  goat  stew  came,  and  after  the  first  hesitant  mouthfuls,  they  set  to  and  finished  it  all,  the  only  sounds  being  the  scraping  of  spoons  as  they  cleaned  their  bowls.
Ma  Nesbitt  sat  back  licking  her  lips  and  burped  gently.  “Ooh,  pardon  me.”
She  sat  a  moment  surveying  the  empty  dishes.
“With  Tony  the  Bear  refusing  to  leave  Billie,  it’s  perhaps  a  good  job  the  forge  is  to  the  South  of  the  green,  and  The  Vine  on  the  North.  They’ll  just  have  to  stay  their  own  side  of  the  village  I  reckon.”
They  drank  some  more  wine.
Chapter  12
Growing  Pains
Homestead’s  guru  Constance  Nesbitt  had  been  the  driving  force  behind  the  rebel’s  outstanding  victory  at  Asher’s  Farm,  But  lately,  she  had  been  filled  with  feelings  of  self  doubt,  and  thought  that  she  was  reaching  the  end  of  her  days  as  Homestead’s  seer.  When  the  village  girls  reached  fifteen  or  so,  they  usually  went  to  live  with  the  wardogs  in  Burnt  Wood  for  a  while.  Most  times,  but  not  always,  the  girls  caught  a  virus  or  something  from  the  dog  people  and  came  away,  changed.  They  could  usually  see  better,  that  sort  of  thing,  and  sometimes,  the  girls  got  more  than  they  expected,  but  that’s  another  story.
Tanya  was  fifteen,  and  had  just  told  Ma  Nesbitt  that  she  had  been  running  with  the  dogs  since  she  was  twelve,  but  that  was  only  one  of  the  reasons  that  Tanya  was  so  different  at  such  a   tender  age.  Connie  was  shocked  to  say  the  least.  She  hadn’t  seen  that  at  all,  so  thought  that  she  was  losing  her  abilities.
Kirsten  came  out  of  The  Vine,  bringing  a  faint  aroma  of  garlic  and  herbs  from  the  kitchen  with  her.  “Morning  Ma  Nesbitt,  and  what  would  be  your  pleasure  today?”
Homestead’s  guru  sniffed.  She  and  garlic  didn’t  get  on  too  well.  “Is  that  Pansy  girl  still  here?”
Kirsty  nodded,  “Yes  Ma,”  and  thought  to  herself,  “don’t  know  why  though,  she’s  still  useless.”
“Then  a  little  cider  for  myself,  and  a  chat  with  miss  Prayerbook  if  you  please.  I’ve  got  a  little  errand  for  her  to  run.”
Before  the  battle  at  Asher’s  field,  Pansy  Prayerbook  had  been  a  novice  in  the  nameless  one’s  temple  at  Central,  but  afterwards,  when  the  recriminations  began,  she  had  run  away  from  the  priestesses,  and  Connie  Nesbitt  had  put  her  in  Frankie  Vine’s  care.  She  managed  to  bring  the  guru’s  mug  of  cider  without  spilling  too  much,  and  set  it  down  on  the  table.
“You  wanted  me,  Mistress  Nesbitt?”
Connie  frowned,  “I’m  not  your  mistress.  Can  you  not  remember,  that  to  everyone  here,  I’m  known  as  Ma.  Now,  I  want  you  to  go  down  to  South  Farm  and  deliver  a  message  for  me.  Tell  young  Sali  Vorden  to  get  up  here  to  see  me  now.  Now,  you  understand?”
“Yes  Ma  Nesbitt,  Sali  Vorden,  now,”  she  repeated  with  big  sigh.  It  was  a  long  way  for  short  legs  to  the  farm  house,  and  she  hadn’t  had  her  morning  snack  yet.  She  changed  into  her  walking  shoes,  grabbed  her  shawl,  and  left  the  taverna  heading  for  the  East  gate.

“Pansy.”  The  call  came  again  but  louder,  “Pansy,  where  are  you  going?”
She  stopped  and  looked  round  and  waved  to  the  caller.  “Hi  Tan,  I’m  going  to  South  Farm.  Got  to  fetch  Sali.  Ma  Nesbitt  wants  her  NOW.”
“Thought  she  might  send  for  her  after  our  little  chat  this  morning.”  said  Tanya  Vine  smugly.  “Connie,  I  says,  that  Sali  is  the  very  girl  to  get  you  out  of  this  spot  of  bother.”
Pansy  looked  at  her  dubiously,  but  Tanya  carried  on  regardless,  “oh  yes,  listens  to  me  a  lot  now  she  does,  since  Ashers  Farm.”
“Didn’t  hear  that,  Tan.  Heard  that  she  watches  you  though.”
“Yeah,  well,  same  thing  isn’t  it.”
Pansy  shrugged  her  shoulders,  “what  bother’s  she  got  then  Tan?”
“Hunting  with  dogs  stuff,”  she  said  vaguely,  “but  you’re  too  young  to  really  understand.”
Pansy  was  fourteen  and  only  a  year  younger  than  Tanya  and  Sali,  but  she  kept  quiet.
They  reached  the  gate  in  the  boundary  fence  and  Tanya  kept  on  walking  with  her  new  friend.  “Going  with  you,”  she  said  suddenly,  “better  than  staying  here  being  watched  all  the  time.”
“Good  job  we’re  not  going  over  there,”  Pansy  remarked  as  they  walked  along  the  bank  of  the  swollen  river.  After  three  days  of  rain  in  the  West,  the  ford  leading  to  Burnt  Wood  was  impassable.
“Don’t  think  I’ll  be  going  to  the  woods  for  a  while  anyway  Pan.”
“Why’s  that  Tan?”
“Ma  Nesbitt’s  grounded  me,”  she  laughed.  “Come  on,  let’s  go  before  she  finds  out  that  I’m  missing.”  And  they  started  running.
House  of  Sazgood
After  the  battle  of  Asher’s  field,  Caren  and  Denny  had  locked  themselves  away  in  their  static  time  machine,  the  Never  Look  Back,  and  Denny  had  laid  on  the  medico  for  hours  on  end  while  the  auto  doctor  examined  her  brain  in  minute  detail.  The  alien  ego  that  Denny  carried  with  her  was  not  the  horror  that  she  had  expected,  and  she  and  Caren  had  eventually  gone  to  live  with  Joan  Tulip  in  Homestead,  where  big  frocks  were  in  fashion  as  the  women  and  girls  drew  nearer  to  their  days  of  deliverance,  and  then  at  last,  the  sound  of  crying  babes  was  heard  across  the  green.
After  the  first  few  births,  Connie  gave  up  asking  Queenie  if  it  was  a  girl  or  a  boy,  for  every  child  born  in  Homestead  was  a  boy  except  the  very  first  two,  Gilda’s  twins,  who  she  named  Truly  and  Ricci,  after  two  of  the  miners,  one  of  whom  was  the  girls  father.
Then  Joannie  also  gave  birth  to  a  daughter.
Denny  had  been  having  long  discussions  with  the  previously  unhappy  Joan,  explaining  her  complicated  family  tree,  which  had  Joannie  as  the  founder  and  Denny,  being  from  the  future,  arriving  in  the  43rd  generation.  They’d  also  sat  long  hours  with  the  female  superdogs,  trying  to  dredge  up  any  information  about  their  origins,  but  they  couldn’t  get  any  nearer  to  the  truth,  than  that  the  first  members  of  the  dog  clan  had  escaped  from  a  bad  place  in  the  North,  many  generations  ago,  led  to  safety  by  the  boss  dog,  Loner,  and  accompanied  part  of  the  way  by  the  lanky  chicken.
The  dogs  couldn’t  remember  that  there  had  originally  been  fourteen  of  the  escapees,  specially  bred  and  genetically  altered  in  a  laboratory  at  Rubi  near  Barcelona,  to  investigate  the  falling  incidence  of  male  births  in  the  human  population.  It  had  been  mankind’s  last  attempt  to  try  and  understand  and  reverse  the  effects  of  the  alien’s  final  onslaught  with  biological  weapons.
As  the  days  of  ‘man’  came  to  a  close,  one  of  the  assistants  was  assigned  to  dispose  of  the  last  batch  of  lab  animals,  but  she  opened  all  the  cages  and  lab  doors  instead,  and  told  them  to  make  themselves  scarce  pronto.  They  all  got  out  of  the  complex  safely,  but  only  seven  of  the  ten  superdogs  survived  the  first  year  living  in  the  wild,  and  they  slowly  migrated  South.
Denny  lowered  her  voice,  even  though  no  dogs  were  nearby  to  overhear  her.  “It  looks  like  the  dogs  were  made  to  help  to  make  boy  children.  They  don’t  like  to  talk  about  it  much.  Bit  of  a  sore  point  for  them.  Being  ‘made’  by  humans.”
“Their  pride’s  taken  a  bit  of  bashing  with  all  these  boys  being  born,”  added  Joan,  “it  was  a  real  surprise  when  my  little  cherub  arrived.”
“What’s  her  name?”  asked  Caren,  already  knowing  what  the  answer  should  be.
“Thought  I’d  call  her  after  her  father,  and  also  after  you,  Denny,  seeing  as  how  you’re  kin,  so  she’ll  be  Toledo  Sazgood.”
Denny  and  Caren  briefly  made  eye  contact.  “Lovely  name,”  purred  Denny,  “she’ll  be  sharp  and  never  lose  the  edge,  just  like  Sylvie’s  sword.”
Joannie  frowned  slightly,  “you  already  knew,  didn’t  you?”
The  two  girls  nodded,  “It’s  in  our  prayer  book,  Jo,”  said  Caren,  “and  the  house  of  Sazgood  is  going  to  be  a  good  one.  Even  Denny’s  going  to  be  alright,  now  that  she’s  got  that  Dark  Angel  thing  sorted  out.  Aren’t  you  dearest.”
Denny  agreed,  “yes,  we’ve  come  to  understand  one  another  a  little  better,  I’m  not  suicidal  anymore,  and  she’s  not  murderous.  We  may  be  able  to  get  on  together.”

During  their  stay  in  the  Never,  Denny  had  given  the  alien  a  little  more  freedom  inside  her  mind,  and  she  realised  that  all  her  fears  of  the  advent  of  the  Dark  Angel  were  gone.
The  mental  conversations  between  Denzil  and  alien  gave  a  new  meaning  to  the  phrase  ‘a  quiet  word’.
“So  do  you  have  a  name?”  asked  Denny.
“Oh  yes,  but  it’s  unpronounceable  in  Spanglish.”
“What  would  be  nearest,  then?
“Something  like...  She  who  puts  her  foot  up  her  enemies  rear,  I  suppose,  but  you  can  call  me  Robin.”
“Robin.  Are  you  really  called  Arse  Kicker,  or  do  I  detect  something  else?”
“No  secrets  between  us  are  there?  My  Warlord  called  me  Muck  Mover.”
Denny  considered  this  in  silence  for  a  short  while.  “You’re  a  janitor?”
“Yes,  I  cleaned  the  royal  midden  on  our  strike  ship,  the  Interloper.”
“How  long  did  you  do  that,  and  what  about  all  that  psycho  war  machine  business  Simon  told  us  about?”
“That  bit’s  easy.  When  it  started  going  wrong  for  us  down  here,  the  Great  Snakehead  Herself  ordered  all  minions  to  get  geared  up  for  battle,  and  I  got  the  projector  suit.  As  for  how  long  did  I  clean  the  mids,  well  I  started  at  the  bottom  on  vermin  clearance  in  the  bilges,  but  quickly  got  promoted  after,  oh  call  it  160  years.  That  was  probably  about…   2,300  of  your  years ago,  so  I  was  in  the  mids  for  about  200  years  Maybe?”
It  took  Denny  several  seconds  for  the  information  to  register  properly.
“This  is  incredible,  how  old  are  you?”
“Well,  my  kind  run  wild  for  the  first  hundred  years  or  so,  till  we  mature,  and  then  those  of  us  who  survive  and  become  sentient  are  adopted  into  a  lodge  and  trained  for  about  another  eighty,  so  I  think  that  I’m  about  3,500.  In  your  terms  of  course.  Lucky  to  still  be  here  though.  Should  have  died  in  that  battle  when  I  fell  off  the  bridge,  and  a  diet  of  nothing  but  goat’s  blood  in  the  temple  nearly  wrecked  the  bio  suit.  Then  I  thought  I  was  going  to  the  High  Rock  when  you  killed  me.  Shock  of  my  life  when  I  woke  up  again.”
“You  must  be  the  oldest  creature  in  the  universe.”
“Oh  no!  There’s  the  Collector.  That’s  even  older  than  the  universe  itself.”
“The  Collector?”
“Yes,  you  killed  me  with  it’s  physical  part.  It  collects  information  in  the  great  dark,  and  grows  a  little  with  each  death.  I  should  be  with  it  now.  Bet  it’s  not  too  happy  at  losing  me.”
Denny  gave  an  involuntary  shudder,  and  she  felt  the  hairs  in  the  nape  of  her  neck  rise,  as  she  thought  of  the  bio  sword  as  a  sentient  being  and  a  predator.
“But  I  thought  it  was  a  surgical  instrument.  Hood  said  she  got  it  from  a  hospital  ship.”
“Oh  no,  it  would  have  been  found  in  the  prison  ship,  the  Lady  of  Pain.  Not  a  nice  place  to  be  sent  to.”
“What  do  I  do  about  the…  Collector?”
“Bury  it  and  forget  about  it.  I  don’t  think  it  can  be  destroyed.”
South  Farm
Pansy’s  tongue  did  a  quick  circuit  of  her  lips  again  in  a  fruitless  search  for  more  crumbs.  “No  mistress  Vorden,  she  didn’t  say  why,  just  said  to  get  Sali  up  to  the  village  NOW.  Right  grumpy  she  was.”
“Well  perhaps  it’s  a  good  job  you’ve  both  come  today,  cos  Sali’s  down  by  the  far  pond  with  Sasha  Whalebone.  They’ve  got  goat  trouble  at  Dockside,  and  I’ve  said  they  can  borrow  one  of  ours.  Lady  help  them  but  they’re  trying  to  catch  Topper  or  Stomper.”
Tanya’s  eyes  lit  up,  an  adventure  at  last.  “We’ll  go  and  help  then,  shall  we?”
She  stood  as  she  spoke  and  the  disappointment  showed  in  Pansy’s  eyes  as  she  gazed  longingly  at  the  plate  of  honey  cakes.
“Yes  please,  I  don’t  think  they’ll  be  doing  much  good  without  you.”  Wandra  smiled  knowingly,  “take  another  if  you  like  young  Pansy.”
“Thanks  mistress,”  gasped  the  grateful  girl,  and  she  and  Tanya  grabbed  another  of  Wandra’s  sticky  delights  each  before  dashing  off  to  join  in  the  fun  at  far  pond.

In  the  West  meadow,  on  the  far  side  of  the  Gap  road,  Sali  and  Sasha  weren’t  enjoying  themselves.  Although  Sali  had  lived  on  the  farm  for  all  of  her  fifteen  years,  getting  the  goats  back  to  the  paddock  at  the  end  of  each  day  was  the  limit  of  her  capabilities.
She  didn’t  hate  the  stupid  creatures,  and  they  probably  bore  her  no  malice  either,  but  they  seemed  to  take  a  perverse  pleasure  in  being  contrary  whenever  she  was  present.
With  Tanya  it  was  different.  As  well  as  being  general  help  in  her  mum’s  taverna,  Tanya  worked  part  of  the  time  helping  Sali  with  the  goats,  and  as  difficult  as  they  were  with  Sali,  they  did  what  Tanya  wanted  before  being  asked.  It  was  a  strange  situation,  and  one  which  even  Ma  Nesbitt  could  not  understand.
Topper’s  jaws  continued  working  with  a  steady  rhythm  as  he  chewed  his  dinner  (grass  again)  and  balefully  regarded  the  stranger  with  the  rope  coming  towards  him.
Was  she  mad,  he  wondered.  Well  she’d  probably  be  more  than  mad  soon  when  he  dumped  her  on  her  backside  again,  she’d  be  bloody  furious.
“Sali.  Sali  Vorden,”  came  the  cry  from  the  direction  of  the  farmhouse,  and  all  eyes  turned  to  the  two  figures  running  towards  them.
Topper  casually  ducked  under  the  loop  thrown  by  the  frustrated  Sasha,  and  trotted  towards  his  beloved  Tanya,  who  went  down  onto  her  knees,  and  grabbing  him  by  his  ears,  kissed  him  firmly  on  his  rough  nose.
“Hello  Handsome.  You’re  still  as  beautiful  as  ever.”
Sasha  grimaced.  Old  Marlin,  who  looked  after  Dockside’s  livestock  knew  a  lot  of  tricks  to  keep  the  goats  in  line,  but  they  usually  involved  a  stick  with  lots  of  thorns,  and  she  had  never  mentioned  that  kissing  goats  was  good  farmyard  practice.
“It’s  not  fair,”  complained  Sali  as  they  walked  back  to  the  house,  “we’ve  been  trying   for  ages  to  make  him  see  sense,  and  now  you  just  walk  up  and  he  goes  all  soppy  on  you.”
“Well  you  can’t  have  told  him  what  you  wanted  properly  then,  cos  he’s  very  sensible,  for  a  boy,  that  is,  and  he’s  always  happy  to  help,  especially  if  it  involves  lady  goats.”

Sitting  on  the  farmhouse  veranda,  the  plate  between  them  was  empty,  and  Pansy  ran  her  finger  round  the  edge  to  salvage  the  last  beads  of  honey.
Dockside  only  had  a  small  farm,  and  their  only  billy  and  two  of  his  lady  friends  had  vanished  overnight,  leaving  them  with  just  seven  nannies.
“They  just  disappeared,”  said  Sasha,  waving  her  hands  at  the  lazy  wasp  circling  her  head.  “Gate  was  shut  tight  the  night  before,  so  we  don’t  know  how  they  got  out.”
“Did  you  look  up  on  the  mount?  They  might  have  gone  to  join  the  wild  ones,”  Tanya  suggested.
“Yeh,  but  not  for  long  though.  Nobody  likes  to  go  near  the  old  tower  much.”
Sali’s  mother  came  out  of  the  house  carrying  two  bundles.
“Here  you  are  then  girls.  Sal  and  Tilly’s  old  cloaks  and  enough  food  to  last  you  most  of  the  way.  But  knowing  you,  it’ll  all  be  gone  tonight.”
“Thankyou  mistress  Vorden,”  the  girls  said  in  unison  and  hoisting  the  packs  over  their  shoulders,  they  set  off  towards  the  gate  in  the  high  wall  surrounding  the  farmyard.
Tanya  held  her  hand  out  towards  the  black  and  white  goat.  “Come  on  Topper,  lets  go  and  meet  your  new  girlfriends,”  and  like  an  obedient  puppy,  Wandra’s  prize  billy  goat  followed  at  Tanya’s  heels,  still  chewing  his  dinner.
“Don’t  forget,  Tanya,”  Wandra  called  as  they  neared  the  gate,  “we  expect  you  back  here  in  three  days.”
They  said  their  farewells  at  the  fork  in  the  path,  where  Sali  headed  North  to  her  meeting  with  Homestead’s  guru,  and  Tanya,  Pansy  and  Sasha  went  East  towards  Dockside,  taking  Topper  to  his  new  harem.
Stitch in time
Denny  sat  cross  legged,  with  her  back  to  the  South  wall  of  the  cottage  that  she,  Caren  and  Joan  called  home,  sewing  a  tear  in  the  sleeve  of  her  spare  shirt,  and  soaking  up  the  idle  warmth  of  the  morning  sun.  As  her  nimble  fingers  worked  the  needle,  her  thoughts  were  of  Caren,  somewhere  out  there,  towards  the  high  sierras  to  the  West.
Caren  was  one  of  the  group  which  had  volunteered  to  rebuild  one  of  the  abandoned  vineyards  as  a  way  station  at  Algar  springs,  halfway  between  Homestead  and  the  Nest.
Since  Denny  had  been  adopted  by  the  Hummingbirds  when  she  was  about  seven,  she  and  Caren  had  never  been  apart  for  more  than  a  few  hours,  and  now  after  thirteen  years  by  each  others  side,  they  didn’t  know  when  they  would  see  each  other  again.  They  were  more  than  just  friends,  more  even  than  sisters.  They  were  like  two  parts  of  the  same  unit,  and  as  the  bright  needle  made  her  second  best  green  shirt  whole  again,  a  small  teardrop  collected  in  the  corner  of  each  eye,  and  she  didn’t  hear  the  approaching  footsteps.
“Caren?  I  thought  you’d  gone  with  the  others.”
Denny  looked  up  in  confusion  at  the  sound  of  Ma  Nesbitt’s  voice.
“Oh,  it’s  you,  Denny.”  Connie  looked  perplexed  for  the  third  time  that  day,  and  thought,  “am  I  going  simple?”  Then  said,  “thought  you  was  Caren  for  a  minute  there.  Has  anybody  come  by  this  way  lately  girl?”
Denny  replied  quietly,  “No,  no  one  Ma.”
“Where  has  that  girl  got  to?  Haven’t  seen  Tanya  have  you?  She  took  Betty  back  to  Val  Tomson’s  for  me,  but  they’ve  both  gone  missing  again,  already.”
Denny  paused  in  her  sewing,  “No  Ma,  nobody  round  this  way  since  breakfast.”
As  Connie  continued  her  search  for  the  elusive  girls,  Denny  frowned  and  thought,  “what  are  you  doing  Robin?”
“Wasn’t  me,  honest.”

Connie’s  search  was  soon  over,  as  Sali  and  Betty  came  up  to  her  cottage  hand  in  hand.
“Good  morning  to  you  Ma  Nesbitt.”  Sali  forced  herself  to  sound  cheerful,  although  she  had  feared  the  worst  since  getting  the  summons  from  Pansy  and  Tanya.
Connie  looked  at  the  pair  through  weary  eyes.  “Took  your  time  getting  here  girl.  Been  idling  your  time  away  again?”
“No  Ma,  far  from  it.”  Sali  was  indignant.  “Came  as  soon  as  I  got  your  message  from  Pan  and  Tan,  then  had  to  persuade  Betty  here  to  come  home.  Right  handful  she  is.”
“Tanya  Vine,  did  you  say?  Little  minx  is  supposed  to  be  here,  looking  after  Betty.  She’ll  have  to  be  taken  down  a  peg  or  two  when  she  gets  back.”
Sal  had  dropped  her  friend  in  it  again,  and  tried  to  limit  the  damage.  “We  couldn’t  have  managed  without  her,  Ma.  Goats  were  playing  real  mean  with  me  and  Sasha.”
She  went  on  to  outline  what  had  happened,  and  assured  her  that  Tanya  would  be  back  from  Dockside  in  three  days.”
Connie  blustered  some  more,  then  got  down  to  the  business  of  the  day.  “You’re  grown  up  now  Sali  Vorden,  and  it’s  time  for  you  to  expand  your  mind.  If  such  a  thing  is  possible  of  course.”  There  was  a  hint  of  doubt  in  her  voice.  All  her  observations  of  Sali  had  led  her  to  believe  that  she  wouldn’t  amount  to  much  in  life.
Sali  winced.  She  was  going  to the  dogs.
“You’re  going  to  the  dogs,”  Ma  informed  her.  “Sylvia’s  coming  over  this  afternoon,  and  she’ll  take  you  to  meet  Flair  and  her  boy,  Sandal.”
“But…”
“Don’t  interrupt  girl.  Sandals  seven  now,  but  that’s  about  the  same  body  age  as  you,  so  I’m  sure  you’ll  get  on  famously.  Won’t  you?”
Sali  looked  down  at  her  toes.  “Yes  Ma,”  she  whispered.  She  wasn’t  Tanya  Vine  and  couldn’t  argue  with  Homestead’s  guru.
“Now  take  Betty  back  to  Val’s  place,  and  get  yourself  to  the  Vine,  where  Sylvia’s  going  to  collect  you.  And  no  skulking  off,  like  that  Tanya.  There’ll  be  thrashings  all  round  soon  if  you  do.  I  can  see  it  coming.”
Poor  Betty  was  a  constant  reminder  of  the  battle  at  Asher’s  farm.  Betty  Tighe  and  her  mother,  Helena  had  fought  side  by  side  that  dark  day,  and  Helena  was  in  the  mass  grave  at  the  edge  of  the  old  farm.  Betty  had  been  brought  back  to  Homestead  on  an  ox  cart,  her  head  wrapped  in  dirty  bandages,  but  she  had  never  fully  recovered.  True,  she  could  feed  herself  now,  but  only  with  her  fingers,  and  there  was  an  alarmingly  vacant  look  permanently  painted  on  her  face.
Connie  watched  the  odd  pair  walk  slowly  away  towards  the  North  side  cottages.  “Well  at  least  she’s  got  clothes  on  today,”  she  mused  sadly.  Seven  Homesteaders  had  died  at  Asher’s  farm,  and  several  others  bore  scars  as  mementoes  of  that  awful  day,  and  it  had  all  been  at  Connie’s  insistence.  She  went  inside  the  rundown  shack  that  she  called  home,  sat  in  a  dark  corner  and  cried  softly  to  herself.
Daybreak
The  cold  night  finally  surrendered  to  the  warming  rays  of  the  sun  and  the  bright  flames  of  the  camp  fire,  where  Tanya  and  Pansy  watched  enviously  as  Sasha  finished  the  last  of  her  nuts  and  biscuits.  Wandra  had  been  right,  and  the  two  girls  had  already  eaten  all  their  rations  for  the  two  day  journey,  and  they  had  only  had  a  mouthful  of  water  each  for  breakfast.
“Going  to  be  a  long  day,  girls,”  gloated  Sasha,  “reckon  you  should  have  saved  some  of  that  bread  or  an  apple  or  two,  or  perhaps  you  thought  you  could  eat  grass,  like  him,”  and  she  indicated  to  where  Topper  was  laid,  his  jaws  rotating  endlessly  as  he  slowly  turned  grass  into  muscle  and  goat  power.
“What  we  gonna  do  Tan?  I’ll  just  die  if  we  don’t  eat  soon,”  said  Pansy  sorrowfully.
“We’ll  be  alright  Pan,  there’s  bound  to  be  some  fruit  in  the  old  orchards  down  by  the  marsh.  Last  years  oranges  or  apples  maybe.”
“Tell  you  what,  girls,”  interrupted  Sasha,  “when  we  get  to  the  wetlands,  I’ll  show  you  how  to  catch  yellow  frogs.  Not  much  meat  on  them,  but  about  three  big  ones  are  usually  enough  to  make  a  grand  feast.”
“Yeuch.  That’s  disgusting,”  said  Tanya  with  a  horrified  expression,  and  Pansy  clamped  a  hand  to  her  mouth  and  looked  sideways  at  her  friend.
Sasha  smiled  and  licked  her  lips,  “Mmmm,  delicious.  And  if  we’re  really  lucky,  we  might  find  a  snake  as  well,”  then  she  started  packing  up  ready  to  move  again.
The  curse  of  the  black  goat
“You  missed  a  bit  Tanya  Vine,”  said  Pansy  accusingly  through  a  mouthful  of  fishcake,  and  happy  at  last,  “get  back  here  in  three  days,  she  said.”
“Yeh  well,  I  wasn’t  going  to  tell  her  that  was  I?  Don’t  want  to  go  dashing  back  just  to  muck  out  the  chickens  and  clean  the  fireplace,  do  we?”
“But  your  mum’ll  be  frantic,  worrying  about  you.  Won’t  she?”
“Won’t  miss  us.  Either  of  us.  Too  busy  making  big  eyes  at  that  Simon.  Kirsty  as  well.  They’ve  both  gone  silly  over  him.  Stupid  cows.”
“Tan,  you  shouldn’t  say  that  about  your  kin.  It’s  not  nice.”
“It’s  true  though.  No  place  for  me  there,  now  that  he’s  moved  in.  I’m  only  getting  in  the  way  all  the  time.”  She  sniffed,  and  wiped  the  back  of  her  hand  over  her  eyes.
“That’s  not  true  Tanya  Vine.  I’m  sure  they  love  you.”  Pansy  was  getting  anxious.  Tanya  was  tough.  She’d  killed  her  first  enemy  trooper  when  only  thirteen,  and  Pansy  had  never  seen  her  cry  before.  She  reached  out  and  grasped  her  friend’s  hand.
“Not  any  more,  they  don’t,  not  now  there’s  a  baby  in  the  house.  It’s  'Tanya  do  this,  Tanya  do  that,  and  what  you  doing  still  here,  you’re  always  in  the  way,  can’t  you  see  I’m  busy.'  Yeh,  busy  making  babies  all  the  time.  Well  I’m  not  going  home  to  that.”
“We’ll  have  to  go  back  sometime  Tan.  Can’t  stay  here.”
“Yes.  Suppose  you’re  right.  Not  going  home  though.  Gonna  move  in  with  Sali  Vorden.  Her  mum’ll  have  me,  I  think,  cos  I’m  good  on  the  farm.”
“When  we  going  back,  Tan?”
“Oh,  a  few  days,”  said  Tanya  vaguely,  and  feeling  better  now  that  she  had  let  her  feelings  show  at  last.  “We  deserve  a  holiday  by  the  sea,  and  if  anyone  asks  us  why  we  didn’t  go  back  pronto,  then  we  say  it  was  like  training  camp  again,  only  learning  how  to  fight  with  boats  an  that.”
“But  I  don’t  know  how  to  fight.  I  can  blow  a  crumhorn,  got  a  red  ribbon  for  blowing  a  crumhorn,  but  can’t  use  a  sword  or  bow  or  nothing.”
Tanya  winced  slightly  at  the  memory  of  Pansy  and  the  other  priestesses  at  the  battle  of  Asher’s  Farm,  blowing  those  awful  trumpets  and  conjuring  up  the  red  monster.
“Well  it’s  quite  simple  and  I’ll  show  you  after  supper,  then  you’ll  be  alright.”
They  looked  up  as  a  tall  figure  loomed  over  them.
“Heard  you’ve  got  my  bracelet  girl,  so  I’ve  come  to  give  you  a  reward  for  finding  it.”
The  tavern  went  quiet  at  the  village  bully’s  quiet  words,  and  the  two  girls  paused  in  their  most  important  task  of  the  day.  Eating  at  last.  Charlene  Spratt  was  an  impressive  sight,  heavily  muscled  as  well  as  tall,  seemingly  dressed  all  in  sharkskin  and  with  a  sharks  tooth  necklace  to  match,  and  spiral  tattoos  on  both  cheeks.
Earlier,  Sasha  had  managed  to  persuade  the  two  hungry  girls  to  try  and  catch  frogs  at  the  marshes  edge,  and  when  Tanya  had  fallen  into  the  shallow  water,  much  to  the  delight  of  her  travelling  companions,  she  had   emerged  clutching  the  serpentine  bracelet  in  a  handful  of  mud.  They  had  found  a  snake,  but  not  the  live  one  that  Sasha  had  meant.
“Don’t  do  this  Sharkey,”  said  Sami  Twotrees  quietly.
The  big  woman  whirled  round,  and  Sami  shrank  back  a  little.  “Keep  out  of  it  Simple  Sam,  or  you’ll  regret  it,”  she  snarled,  then  turned  her  attention  back  to  Tanya.
Tanya  spoke  softly.  “What  have  you  got  to  trade  for  my  silver  bracelet  then.”
“Not  trade  girl,”  answered  Charlene  leaning  on  the  table,  “but  a  reward.  You  can  have  this  special  whistle  my  old  gran  gave  to  me.  You  blow  into  it,  and  it  plays  any  tune  you  want  it  to.  Magic  see,”  and  she  showed  them  the  poor  thing  she’d  got  from  Jean  Collier,  when  she’d  passed  by  the  previous  month.
“I  got  soaked,  and  muddy,  getting  your  bracelet  back.  Thought  it  would  have  been  worth  more  than  that  to  you,  what  with  it  being  silver.  Only  just  managed  to  get  dry.”
Time  seemed  to  stand  still  and  all  eyes  were  on  the  odd  trio,  Pansy  still  eating,  Tanya  sitting  calmly  and  Charlene  standing  and  wondering  why  she  wasn’t  already  holding  the   bracelet  that  she’d  heard  about.  “Silver  bangle’s  precious  to  me,  so  just  hand  it  over,”  she  said  ominously,  and  held  out  her  hand.
Tanya  made  a  sad  face  and  lifted  her  sleeve  to  show  the  gleaming  snake  coiled  around  her  upper  arm.  “Oh  what  a  pity,  I  got  it  wrong.  The  bracelet  I  found  was  only  brass,”  she  said  and  then  smiled  brightly,  “so  I  guess  it’s  not  yours  after  all.”
Made  to  look  a  fool  by  a  mere  kid,  Charlene’s  face  became  a  mask  of  hatred,  and  she  started  to  raise  her  fist  as  Tanya  rose  from  the  bench,  a  small  dagger  in  each  hand.
Sami’s  chair  went  flying  backwards  as  she  leapt  to  her  feet,  “Sharkey,  don’t…”  But  she,  and  all  the  room  were  silenced  as  Pansy  fell  back  in  her  chair  making  the  most  horrible  gurgling  noises,  and  her  eyes  rolling  wildly.  Then  the  voice  that  came  from  her  lips  was  not  of  earthly  origin.
“Aaah.  Touch  not  the  goat  queen.  Blood,  blood,  the  water  is  red  with  blood.  Beware  the  black  goat  with  the  twisted  horn,  it  brings  your  doom.”
Charlene  staggered  back  as  though  struck  a  mortal  blow,  “witch,  bloody  witch,”  she  gasped,  then  turned  and  ran  from  the  inn,  as  the  other  customers  looked  on  in  horror.

Sami  came  over  to  sit  next  to  Tanya  and  frowned  as  she  watched  Pansy  nonchalantly  help  herself  to  another  fishcake.  “What  was  that  all  about?”  she  asked  Pansy.
“What  was  what?”  answered  Pansy  oblivious  to  everything  but  her  need  for  food.
“All  that  blood,  blood  business.”
“Oh,”  the  hungry  girl  exclaimed,  “been  seeing  the  future  again  have  I?  Just  something  that  happens  when  you’re  temple  trash,”  and  she  looked  angrily  across  the  room  at  the  others.  She  had  overheard  them  talking  about  her  earlier,  and  was  determined  to  pay  them  back  somehow.
“Going  to  be  trouble  in  the  morning  girls.  Sharkey’s  fishing  boat  is  called  the  Black  Goat,  and  it’s  got  a  bent  mast.  I  don’t  think  she’ll  be  able  to  get  a  crew  tomorrow,  so  you’d  better  keep  out  of  her  way.  I’ll  go  and  let  Dorian  know  what’s  happened.”
Five  minutes  later  the  inn  had  returned  to  something  like  normal,  although  they  were  still  getting  occasional  odd  looks  from  the  other  customers.
Pansy  declared  that  she  couldn’t  eat  any  more.
“Good  job  too,”  stated  Tanya,  “much  more  and  you  would  have  burst.”  She  lowered   her  voice,  and   whispered,  “does  that  fortune  telling  stuff  happen  often,  Pan?”
Pansy  smiled  at  her,  “only  when  I  want  it  to.  Good,  isn’t  it?  One  of  the  things  we  had  to  learn  in  the  temple  school.  You’d  be  surprised  at  the  gifts  the  people  brought  us,  just  to  hear  one  of  us  spout  rubbish  like  that.  Yokels.  Got  rid  of  her  quick,  didn’t  it?”
“So,  none  of  that  was  true  then.  You  just  made  it  up?”  
“Yeh,  bit  spooky  though,  wasn’t  it?  Her  boat  being  called  the  Black  Goat.”
Tanya  was  giving  Pansy  a  look  that  said,  is  that  the  whole  truth  then.
“Oh,  alright.  I  saw  her  on  the  boat  earlier.  She’s  so  big  I  couldn’t  forget  her.”

Two  hours  later  it  was  nearly  dark,  and  Tanya  was  getting  frustrated  with  her  pupil.
“No,  no,  no.  How  many  times  have  I  got  to  tell  you?  Don’t  wave  it  about,  stick  it  in,  hard.”
“Die  bush,”  yelled  Pansy,  and  the  juniper  bush  behind  the  boat  shed  quivered  in  fright  as  Pansy  prodded  it  with  her  brush  again.  Tanya  wasn’t  going  to  let  her  get  anywhere  near  her  precious  collection  of  knives  yet.
“Well  that’s  a  bit  better,  but  you’ve  got  to  be  fast  as  well.  Gotta  leap  in,  stab,  then  jump  out  again,  like  this.”  And  Tanya  was  a  blur  of  motion  as  she  assassinated  the  poor  bush.  “Now  you  try,”  she  said  to  the  weary  Pansy.
“Yaaah,  ouch!!!  It  got  me.”  Pansy  held  up  her  hand  to  show  Tanya  the  drop  of  blood  on  the  back  of  her  finger.
She  had  tried  her  best,  (and  failed)  so  Tanya  called  off  the  lesson  with  a  promise  that  they  would  start  again  in  the  morning,  and  they  went  back  to  Sami’s  place  to  find  a  warm  place  to  sleep. 
Dorian  and  Mona  were  with  Sami,  and  obviously  waiting  for  the  girls  return.
Mona’s  broad  smile  was  conspicuous  by  it’s  absence.  “Our  two  heroes,  back  at  last,”  she  said,  “come  and  sit  here  with  us,  and  we’ll  talk  about  looking  into  the  future,  shall  we?”
“I’d  rather  not,  mistress  Verge,”  said  Pansy  worriedly.
“It’s  not  a  request  girl,  so  just  tell  me  what  made  you  curse  one  of  our  boats.”
“She  didn’t  curse  the  boat,  she  was  just  trying  to  scare  that  bully  away.  Worked  too,”  retorted  Tanya  angrily.
“Worked  too  well  for  my  liking,”  Mona  replied,  “now  we’ve  got  a  useless  boat,  because  nobody’ll  go  near  it  since  you  said  that  you  saw  blood,  blood,”  and  she  rolled  her  eyes  and  waved  her  hands  about  to  emphasise  the  words.
“Not  my  fault  if  you’re  all  superstitious  yokels  here,  it’s  your  fault  for  not  sorting  out  bullies  like  that  sharkskin  woman.”
The  last  vestiges  of  Mona’s  good  humour  disappeared.  “Not  your  place  to  answer  back  girl,”  she  snapped,  “and  I’ll  tell  you  what  we’ve  decided.  In  the  morning,  you’re  going  to  tell  the  crews  that  you’re  a  fake,  because  that’s  what  you  are,  and  you,”  she  indicated  towards  Tanya,  “are  going  to  throw  that  bracelet  into  the  sea  from  the  deck  of  the  Black  Goat,  as  an  offering  to  the  sea  gods.”
“That’s  not  fair,  no  such  thing  as  sea  gods,”  Tanya  started  to  say,  but  was  interrupted  by  the  angry  guru,  “more  than  fair  girl.  It’s  true  that  we  owe  you  for  bringing  your  goat  from  Homestead,  so  you’ll  not  get  the  punishment  you  deserve,  and  you  should  be  grateful  for  that.  Now,  get  yourselves  to  bed,  and  we’ll  finish  this  in  the  morning.”
As  they  left  the  room,  Tanya  paused  in  the  doorway.  She  spoke  softly,  but  an  unseen  menace  seemed  to  fill  the  room  with  her  words.  “At  the  end,  there  were  only  four  of  us  left  standing  on  Asher’s  field.  Do  you  remember  how  many  died  there?”  She  paused  a  moment,  then  went  on,  “how  many  did  scar  face  manage  to  kill,  or  did  she  run  away  like  the  rest  of  you,  till  it  was  all  over?”  She  turned  and  followed  Pansy  up  the  stairs.
“Oh  no.  Didn’t  need  reminding  of  that,  did  we?”  exclaimed  Sami,  who  had  been  one  of  the  first  to  flee  the  battleground  at  the  sight  of  the  priestess’s  monster.  “I  think  that  she  just  threatened  us,”  said  Dorian,  who  hadn’t  been  far  behind  Sami  in  the  mad  stampede  for  safety.  “And  I’m  not  sure  that  we’re  able  to  take  that  bracelet  from  her,  even  though  she  is  only  fifteen.”
“Do  we  have  to  do  this?”  asked  Sami  worriedly.
“That  Pansy’s  right  Sam,”  said  Mona  with  a  shake  of  her  head.  “Sailors  have  always  been  a  superstitious  lot,  and  this  is  the  only  way  the  Black  Goat  will  sail  again.”
“But  did  you  hear  what  she  did  in  the  battle?”  insisted  Dorian,  “She  was  heroic.”
“Hero  or  not,”  muttered  Mona,  “she’ll  be  doing  it,  whether  she  likes  it  or  not.”

Shortly  after  midnight,  Tanya  shook  Pansy  awake,  and  put  one  hand  over  her  friends  mouth  to  keep her  quiet.
“It’s  time,”  she  whispered,  and  they  rolled  carefully  out  of  bed,  still  dressed  in  their  travelling  clothes.
The  dying  rush  lights  outside  Rainbow’s  End  tavern  were  the  village’s  only  illumination  in  the  moonless  night,  but  the  darkness  hadn’t  been  any  obstacle  to  Tanya  for  more  than  a  year  now,  and  she  guided  Pansy  safely  along  the  street  and  out  of  the  village  towards  the  West,  and  Homestead.
Despite  Tanya’s  ability  to  see  in  the  dark,  they  made  slow  progress,  and  as  the  Eastern  sky  began  to  pale  with  the  promise  of  a  new  dawn,  they  were  less  than  eight  kilometres  from  the  coast.
“Gonna  have  to  stop  Tan,  I’m  so  tired.”
Tanya  was  a  seasoned  campaigner,  having  survived  the  battles  of  Homestead  green  and  Asher’s  Farm,  and  after  the  twenty  nine  stitches  had  been  taken  out  of  her  left  thigh,  she  had  walked  and  walked,  and  then  walked  some  more  to  build  up  the  muscles  again.  She  was  in  better  condition  than  Pansy,  who  had  led  a  more  ‘stay  at  home’  kind  of  life  with  the  priestesses  in  Central,  until  moving  to  Homestead  after  the  last  battle.
“Just  a  bit  further  Pansy,  then  we’ll  get  off  the  road  and  rest.  Don’t  reckon  that  they’ve  missed  us  yet,”  she  said  confidently,  but  more  in  the  hope  of  reassuring  poor  worried  Pansy.  A  distant  rumble  of  thunder  made  them  both  look  to  the  North  West,  where  the  dark  sky  held  the  promise  of  yet  another  wet  spring  day.
They  started  walking  again,  and  as  the  first  scattering  of  raindrops  began  to  fall,  Tanya  found  the  place  she  had  been  looking  for.
“This  is  it  girl,”  she  exclaimed  smiling,  “just  up  here  and  we  can  have  a  nice  long  rest  out  of  the  rain,”  and  she  pointed  to  where  a  narrow  track  ran  up  the  hill  towards  the  ruins  of  the  old  watch  tower,  originally  built  by  Dorian  Deerward’s  family  and  abandoned  after  the  earthquake  and  plague  nearly  two  hundred  years  ago,  right  after  the  valley  wars.
“Oh  no  Tan,  we  can’t  go  up  there.  Sasha  told  me  it’s  haunted  by  old  man  Deerward.  He  catches  strangers  in  his  fishing  net  and  sends  them  mad.  Makes  horrible  faces  at  them  he  does,  and  moans  an’  all  that.”
“Well,  we’ll  be  moaning  a  lot  worse  if  them  Dockside  peasants  get  their  hands  on  us,  and  I’m  not  giving  up  my  bracelet  for  nobody.  It’s  mine.  Sasha  and  Sami  said  so.”
At  Tanya’s  insistence,  Pansy  pressed  on  up  the  narrow  path,  which  wasn’t  as  bad  as  she  had  feared,  and  they  emerged  onto  the  small  plateau,  a  mere  two  hundred  metres  above  the  road  below.
The  haunted  tower
An  hour  later,  they  were  still  sat  in  the  doorway  of  the  tower’s  ruins,  watching  the  incessant  rain  sweep  across  the  hilltop.
“I’m  hungry  Tan.”
“You’re  always  hungry  Pansy  Prayerbook,  must  be  something  wrong  with  you.”
“Can’t  help  it.  I’m  at  that  growing  up  fast  age.  Your  mum  said  you  was  the  same.”
“Yeh  well,  perhaps  I  was,  but  I  learnt  how  to  control  it.”
Pansy  looked   uncomfortable.  “I’ve  got  to  go  Tan.  Can’t  control  it  any  longer,  got  to  take  a  pee.”
“Well,  go  on  then,  no  one’s  looking.”
Pansy  looked  round  disconsolately,  “can’t  do  it  here.  Need  a  proper  loo,  or  a  bush,  and  it’s  raining.”
Tanya  gave  a  theatrical  sigh.  “Come  on  then.  I’ll  go  inside  with  you.”
They  stood  up  and  retreated  into  the  darkness  of  the  towers  forbidding  interior.
“I’ll  wait  for  you  here  then,”  said  Tanya  waving  at  an  inner  doorway,  “I’ve  been  here  before,  and  you’ll  be  quite  safe.”
There  was  the  rustle  of  clothing,  then  a  soft  ‘pitter  patter’  as  Pansy  found  relief  from  her  pressing  problem.  A  flash  of  lightning  penetrated  the  tower’s  gloom,  and  Pansy  gasped  as  she  briefly  saw  the  room  she  was  in.
“Tanya,”  she  yelled.  “Look.”
Tanya  looked.  The  room  appeared  to  her  in  shades  of  grey,  but  showed  her  nothing  special.  “I’m  looking,  but  it’s  only  an  empty  room  with  a  puddle  of  pee  in  one  corner,”  she  said,  with  a  hint  of  sarcasm  in  her  voice.
“No,”  Pansy  insisted,  “it’s  not  just  any  room,  and  this  can’t  be  just  any  old  watchtower.  What  do  you  see  on  the  back  wall?”
“Well,  there’s  pictures  carved  into  the  stones,  but  can’t  really  tell  what  they  are  without  a  light,  and  there’s  a  broken  washbasin  thing  with  water  coming  out  of  the  spout  and  running  across  the  floor.  And  that’s  about  it.  What  do  you  think’s  here  then?  Old  man  Deerward?”  and  she  laughed  at  Pansy’s  discomfort.
Pansy  didn’t  laugh.  She  was  getting  excited.  “That  wall’s  the  same  as  in  the  temple  bath  house,  and  it  should  have  a  special  door  in  it,  and  you’ve  got  the  key.”
“What  are  you  on  about  Pansy  Prayerbook?  There  ain’t  no  door  here,  and  I  don’t  have  any  key  either.”
“You  do  Tanya.  It’s  that  snake  bracelet  you  found.  You  put  it’s  tail  into  the  water  spout,  and  the  door  opens,  like  magic,  except  it’s  not.  You  turn  the  snake  to  the  right  place,  and  the  holes  in  it’s  tail  make  the  water  go  somewhere  else.  It’s  all  weights  and  things.”
“Fat  lot  of  good  it’ll  be  now  then,  it’s  not  been  opened  for  two  hundred  years.”
“No.  It’ll  work.  We  learnt  all  about  it  at  the  temple  school,  and  Rocket  Rosie  told  us  that  Chubby  Yates  had  made  these  doors  to  last  till  the  end  of  time.  Just  try  it  and  see.”
Tanya  had  been  intrigued  by  the  strange  design  of  her  bracelet,  which  she  suspected  was  really  made  of  gold,  and  now  did  as  instructed,  placing  the  snake  into  Pansy’s  hand  and  guiding  her  to  the  spout.
“I  can’t  get  it  in,”  whispered  Pansy  urgently.
“No  Pan,  turn  it  round,  you’re  holding  the  wrong  end.”
Pansy  inserted  the  right  end  of  the  snake  and  turned  it  gently,  listening.
“There,  you  hear  it  Tan?”
Tanya  confessed  that  she  could  hear  nothing  different,  but  Pansy  was  adamant  that  it  was  working and  the  door  would  soon  be  open.

“Well  this  is  fun,”  said  Tanya  several  minutes  later,  as  they  stood  in  front  of  the  still  closed  door.  “Makes  me  wish  I’d  been  born  a  templar  as  well.”
“Nobody’s  born  to  the  temple,”  said  Pansy,  “you  get…  given,  I  suppose  you’d  call  it,  when  you’re  about  seven  or  eight.”
Tanya  thought  about  this  new  information  for  a  long  moment  before  replying.  “So  your  mum  just  gave  you  away  then?  Cheerio  Pan,  have  a  nice  new  life  with  these  strange  women  doing  strange  things,  and  all  that?”
Pansy  shook  her  head.  “Excuse  me,  Tanya  Vine,  but  you  can’t  say  that  others  are  strange  when  Homesteaders  have  some  very  weird  ways.  And  I  wasn’t  actually  given  away  by  my  mother.”
“She  sold  you  then?”
“Haven’t  got  a  mum.  Haven’t  got  anybody.”  Her  voice  dropped  to  a  whisper.  “Rose  said  they  found  me  on  the  beach  near  La  Via  after  a  bad  storm.  Said  I  was  about  five  or  so.”
Tanya  put  her  arm  round  Pansy’s  shoulders  in  silence,  for  once,  lost  for  words.
The  moment  didn’t  last  long.  “What’s  that?”  said  Tanya  as  she  jumped  to  her  feet.
There  was  a  deep  groan  from  below  and  they  felt  the  floor  vibrate  beneath  them.
“Shit.  It’s  Old  man  Deerward,  Tan.  He’s  coming  for  us,”  whispered  Pansy,  her  voice  trembling  with  fear.  “We’d  better  go.  Please  Tan,”  she  added.
“Not  yet  Pansy  Prayerbook,”  said  Tanya  confidently,  “I  think  your  magic  door’s  opening.”
In  the  gloom,  she  had  seen  the  fall  of  dust  from  the  wall,  and  then  part  of  it  shuddered  and  an  opening  appeared,  just  as  Pansy  had  predicted.  The  light  improved  as  the  door  opened  and  there  was  an  ominous  rustle  of  wings  from  within  the  revealed  chamber.
“Lady,  it  stinks,”  Pansy  complained  as  the  sharp  aroma  of  pigeon  droppings  crept  out  to  greet  them.  “It’s  full  of  bird  poo,  I’ll  let  you  go  in  while  I  mind  the  door  shall  I?”
“You’re  a  big  softy,  Pan.  Afraid  of  pigeons  are  you?”  She  waited  but  got  no  response.  “Alright,  I’ll  do  it,”  and  treading  carefully,  keeping  away  from  the  piles  of  droppings  against  the  walls,  she  entered  the  hidden  room  beyond  the  massive  door.
Tanya  saw  that  except  for  the  pigeon  mess,  the  room  was  almost  empty,  but  she  came  out  backwards  dragging  behind  her  the  only  thing  she  found  there.  The  filthy  box  was  narrow  but  about  a  metre  long,  and  judging  by  the  weight,  didn’t  have  much  in  it.
“Your  turn,  priestess  Pansy.  I’ve  done  my  bit,  so  you  can  open  it,”  and  squatted  down  while  Pansy  grimaced  and  fiddled  with  the  box’s  stiff  clasps.
“Oooh,  this  is  disgusting,  my  fingers  keep  slipping.”  She  was  about  to  give  up  when  the  last  catch  finally  surrendered,  and  together  they  lifted  the  lid  with  a  creak  of  rusty  hinges.  “Wow,”  breathed  Pansy  and  started  to  reach  forward  into   the  box.
Tanya  stopped  her.  “Not  yet  Pan,”  she  warned  her friend,  “we’re  covered  in  bird  stuff.  Better  wash  it  off  first.  Don’t  want  to  make  it  dirty  do  we?”
Pansy  removed  Tanya’s  snake  bracelet  from  the  spout,  and  the  water  started  to  flow  into  the  basin  and  onto  the  floor  again.  They  quickly  washed  the  worst  of  the  mess  from  their  hands  and  Tanya  slid  the  bracelet  back  onto  her  left  arm.
“Wow,”  repeated  Pansy  as  she  lifted  the  small  bright  horn  from  its  cradle.  “It’s  beautiful  Tan,”  and  she  caressed  the  curves  of  the  instrument  tenderly.  “I’m  going  outside  for  a  better  look,”  and  she  stood  up  ready  to  leave.  “Coming  Tan?”
“In  a  minute,  there’s  something  not  quite  right.  This  box  is  too  big  and  heavy  just  for  one  little  trumpet.”  She  poked  and  prodded  around  the  interior  of  the  box,  and  at  last  there  was  a  satisfying  click  as  the  false  bottom  came  loose.
“Wow,”  said  Tanya,  in  an  echo  of  Pansy’s  earlier  astonishment,  and  she  lifted  out  the  silver  chain  mail  vest.  “It’s  beautiful  Pan.”
The  box  then  gave  up  the  last  of  it’s  secret  store  as  Pansy  reached  into  it  and  stood  up  again  holding  a  sword.  It  was  the  twin  to  Sylvia’s  Toledo  Espada  Special,  and  had  been  ‘lost’  after  the  valley  wars.
“We’re  rich  Pan.  Beryl  or  Sylvia  would  give  us  anything  we  wanted  for  this  sword.”
They  left  the  gloom  of  the  tower  and  went  out  into  the  brightening  day  where  Pansy  could  resist  no  longer  and  raised  the  horn  to  her  lips.
“Not  too  loud,”  Tanya  warned,  and  Pansy  nodded  briefly  before  breathing  gently  into  the  horn,  and  across  the  hilltop,  a  dozen  wet  faces  turned  in  the  direction  of  the  tower.
“Well,  I’m  no  expert  on  music,  but  I  didn’t  actually  hear  anything,”  said  Tanya  helpfully.
“Ain’t  blown  it  yet.  Got  to  warm  it  up  first,”  Pansy  answered  in  musician  mode.
She  took  a  deep  breath  and  blew  again,  but  this  time  the  horn  produced  a  low  muffled  note,  and  Pansy  lowered  the  instrument  and  turned  it  over  in  her  hands.
She  frowned  at  it,  “That’s  strange,  it  shouldn’t  be  able  to  get  as  low  as  that,”  and  started  to  lift  the  horn  again,  but  thought  better  of  it  and  instead  helped  Tanya  as  she  struggled  into  the  silver  mail.
“Yes!”  Tanya  declared,  “now  I’m  a  proper  warrior.  Let  them  try  to  get  my  bracelet  now.  We’re  invincible  Pansy  Prayerbook,  we’re  Pan  an’  Tan,  the  deadly  enemies  of  tattooed  faces  everywhere,”  and  laughing,  she  raised  the  sword  high  above  her  head.
Pansy  caught  Tan’s  enthusiasm,  and  blew  one  clear  note  on  the  horn  as  they  headed  West  once  more  along  the  hilltop.

Even  though  she  was  spurred  on  by  the  sound  of  the  horn,  Sharkey  Spratt  was  just  too  late  to  see  the  two  girls  disappear  over  the  crest  of  the  hill,  and  she  advanced  slowly  towards  the  tower.  She  had  spotted  the  pair  by  the  tower  at  daybreak,  through  the  telescope  she  had  won  from  Kerry’s  mum  playing  jacks  up  with  a  marked  deck.
The  dozen  wild  goats  arrived  as  well,  in  answer  to  the  summons  from  Pansy’s  horn,  and  Sharkey  looked  aghast  at  the  biggest,  blackest  goat  she  had  ever  seen,  leading  his  herd  steadily  towards  her.  It’s  horns  were  no  twistier  than  any  other  goats,  but  in  her  terror  at  seeing  another  facet  of  Pansy’s  prophecy,  Sharkey  turned  and  ran  for  the  safety  of  the  tower.  The  goats  broke  into  a  trot  to  keep  up  with  her,  and  milled  about  the  dark  doorway.
Sharkey  screamed  as  her  nemesis  entered  the  room  where  the  secret  door  still  stood  open.  “Get  away  from  me,”  she  wailed,  and  waved  her  arms  at  the  confused  animal.  “Leave  me  alone,  you  evil  beast.”
“Baaa,”  said  the  goat,  and  Sharkey  tripped  over  the  open  box  discarded  by  the  girls,  and  falling  in  the  open  doorway,  screamed  again  as  the  counterweight  finally  lost  enough  water  and  gave  up  the  struggle  for  equilibrium,  letting  the  heavy  door  slowly  close  and  squeeze  the  life  from  her.
Her  crushed  body  lay  trapped  by  the  stone  slab,  and  the  water  from  the  cracked  basin  turned  red  with  her  blood  as  it  ran  across  the  floor  and  out  of  the  tower.
“Baaa,”  repeated  the  goat,  and  returned  to  his  wives  and  their  eternal  quest  for  lunch.
Chapter  13
The  Outcasts
Going  home
They  walked  steadily  Westward  across  the  hilltops,  and  even  though  there  was  no  more  rain,  Pansy’s  joy  at  finding  the  strange  horn  was  rapidly  evaporating,  just  like  the  water  on  the  ground.  After  about  two  hours,  they  had  reached  the  end  of  the  ridge,  where  the  line of  hills  turned  South,  and  Pansy  caught  up  with  Tanya,  who  was  already  sitting  with  her  back  against  a  large  rock.
Her  face  showed  how  miserable  she  felt.  “Tanya,”  she  said  quietly.
“Yes,  I  know,”  was  the  reply.  “Tanya,  I’m  hungry,”  she  mimicked.
“It’s  not  funny  Tanya  Vine.  Food’s  important,  and  we’ve  missed  breakfast  again.  Got  to  have  a  balanced  diet  to stay  healthy.”
Tanya  thought  a  moment  about  this  unheard  of  idea.  “What’s  that  mean  then?”
“Well,  you  take  the  days  rations  and  weigh  them  out  into  portions,  and  eat  it  a  bit  at  a  time.  Not  like  them  dog  folk.  Show  them  food,  and  it’s  gone.  All  in  one  go.  Disgusting.”
Tanya  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  opened  her  pack.  “Fear  not  mistress  Pansy,”  she  quoted  in  a  parody  of  Marco’s  barbarian  speech.  “This  fish  cake  is  here  to  save  the  day.”  And  she  showed  Pansy  the  parcel  of  food  she  had  stolen  from  Sami’s  kitchen.
Pansy’s  eyes  lit  up  at  the  sight  of  her  next,  and  unexpected  meal,  although  in  truth  it  was  poor  fare.  Half  a  loaf  of  bread,  two  yellow  tomatoes,  four  stale  fish  cakes  and  a  small  bag  of  broken  biscuits.
“You’ve  saved  my  life  Tanya,”  she  mumbled  between  mouthfuls,  and  then  there  was  silence  until  their  late  breakfast,  or  early  lunch  was  finished.  Completely.  All  in  one  go.
They  rested  in  the  shade  of  the  rocks,  contemplating  the  rest  of  journey  ahead  of  them.
“How  long  till  we  get  to  the  farm?”  Asked  Pansy  looking  across  the  vast  expanse  of  Burnt  Wood’s  multi  coloured  canopy.
“Probably  nine  hours,”  Tanya  replied,  “if  we  follow  the  track  and  all  goes  well.”
Then  movement  on  the  road  below  them  caught  her  attention,  and  she  reached  out  and  tapped  Pansy  on  the  arm.  Four  people  and  an  ox  were  heading  Northward,  from  Gap.
“Travellers,”  she  whispered,  “don’t  move  and  they  won’t  see  us.”
Pansy  hadn’t  seen  them  for  more  than  a  year,  but  even  at  this  distance,  instantly  recognised  her  fellow  students  and  their  instructor.
“Flaming  seesaws!  It’s  Rocket  Rosie,”  she  gasped.  “Don’t  look  at  her.  She’ll  know  we’re  here.”  And  so  saying,  closed  her  eyes  and  started  whispering  to  herself,  “I  am  a  rock,  I  am  a  rock.”

Rosalind  Turnbuckle  felt  that  all  was  not  as  it  should  be,  so  slowed  down,  and  then  halted  her  small  party.  She  dismissed  her  three  apprentice’s  queries,  and  told  them  to  observe  their  surroundings  in  silence,  as  her  experienced  eyes  swept  quickly  across  the  hillside  on  their  right,  and  the  scrubland  to  their  left.  Then  as  she  turned  her  gaze  slowly  back  to  study  the  goat  among  the  rocks  above  them,  her  concentration  was  broken.
“Soldiers,”  squeaked  Emma  Goldsmith,  and  pointed  along  the  line  of  the  broken  road,  where  four  women  carrying  spears  had  come  into  view.
“We’re  gonna  die,”  cried  Suzy,  and  clung  to  Mary  Ann,  who  promptly  burst  into  tears.
The  last  time  they  had  seen  Eastern  warriors  was  at  the  battle  of  Ashers  Farm,  and  they  had  been  terrified  by  the  close  encounter  with  Marco’s  amazons  and  wardogs.
“Alright,  girls.  Calm  down.  They’re  not  the  enemy  now,  and  they’re  expecting  us.”
Her  words  had  no  effect  on  the  sobbing  girl,  so  she  raised  her  voice.  “Shut  up  now,  Mary  Ann  Teacake,  or  you’ll  get  a  good  slapping.”
In  the  past,  Rosie’s  threats  of  disciplinary  action  had  been  carried  out  in  full  measure,  so  the  crying  stopped,  almost.  Then  she  moved  ahead  of  the  panicking  girls  to  meet  the  war  band  alone.
She  hailed  them.  “Good  morning  to  you,  ladies.”
The  troop  from  Dockside  stopped,  with  Dorian  slightly  in  front.  “And  to  you,  traveller,”  she  replied.  She  saw  an  unimposing  pale  woman  of  indeterminate  age,  (but  not  young)  dressed  in  worn  green  leggings  and  shirt,  with  an  old  black  cloak  fastened  at  the  shoulder  with  a  large  but  plain  pin.  Only  her  boots  were  of  good  quality.
Jenny,  Kerry  and  Mara  looked  as  well,  but  Jenny  had  a  different  view  of  the  world  now.  She  had  lived  in  Homestead  for  several  months  after  the  Mad  Martha  affair,  and  Posy  had  introduced  her  to  Flash,  her  dog  partner.   With  her  enhanced  senses,  she  could  feel  the  temple  around  the  woman  in  front  of  her.  She  put  her  hand  on  Dorian’s  shoulder.
“And  what  would  bring  a  priestess  to  this  end  of  the  world?”  she  asked.  “Never  had  good  news  from  the  temple  yet.”
Dorian  was  slightly  annoyed  at  Jenny  taking  the  initiative,  but  her  expression  showed  no  change  as  she  heard  the  uninvited  words.  She  knew  that  Jenny  was  different,  and  maybe  dangerous,  but  didn’t  know  why.  Only  the  Homesteaders,  and  a  select  few,  knew  that  being  in  close  contact  with  the  wardogs  gave  the  girls  heightened  senses.
Rosie  smiled  as  she  answered,  “very  perceptive  of  you,  my  dear.  My  name  is  Rosalind,  and  it’s  true  that  I  was  a  priestess,  but  since  you  Easterners  showed  us  the  error  of  our  ways,  we  have  become  merely  librarians.”
Dorian  nodded,  “so  you’re  the  scribblers  that  guru  Mona  told  us  about.”
Surprisingly,  most  of  the  population  could  read  to  some  extent,  but  few  could  write  legibly,  and  even  though  Rosie  was  insulted  by  the  description,  her  face  didn’t  reflect  her  thoughts.
“Yes.  These  miserable  urchins,”  she  waved  at  the  three  girls  standing  with  the  ox,  “can  make  their  letters  in  an  adequate  fashion,  and  we  are  charged  with  copying  some  of  the  new  books  in  Homestead.  Our  paper  and  such  are  in  the  panniers.  You  can  look  if  you  like.”
“No  time.”  stated  Dorian.  “We  have  to   find  some  girls  before  they  do  something  foolish.  Tell  me,  have  you  seen  anyone  on  the  road?”
“No  one  at  all.  I  thought  we  were  being  watched,  but  it  was  only  a  goat.”
“Don’t  mention  goats,”  Dorian  said  quickly,  with  a  shake  of  her  head  and  pulled  a  wry  face,  then  went  on  to  recount  the  events  of  the  last  two  days,  including  how  Sasha  and  Sami  had  followed  Sharkey  to  the  tower  this  very  morning,  and  found  her  dead,  in  circumstances  which  fulfilled  Pansy’s  prophecy.
Rosie  nodded  her  head  wisely.  “Ah,  Pansy  Prayerbook,”  she  said,  and  a  feeling  of  pride  filled  her  at  the  thought  of  her  little  ex-pupil  still  using  the  skills  she  had  taught  her.  “She  was  a  good  student.  Had  a  fair  bit  of  natural  talent,  and  could  have  been  one  of  the  best  if  she’d  finished  her  training.”
Jenny  frowned.  “You’re  thinking  ‘but’  aren’t  you?”
Rosie  and  Jenny  studied  each  other  for  a  moment,  and  Rosie  decided  to  tell  her  as  little  as  possible.  “Don’t  know  what’ll  become  of  her  now,  but  it’s  her  choice.”
Dorian  brought  the  conversation  to  a  close.  “Can’t  stand  here.  If  they’re  not  behind  you,  then  we’ll  go  to  Homestead.  They  must  have  gone  that  way.”
Fugitives
Tanya  sat  still  and  watched  until  they  were  out  of  sight,  then  looked  at  Pansy  and  wondered  about  her  friend.  She  was  turning  out  to  be  full  of  surprises.  Tanya  hadn’t  heard  any  of  the  conversation  from  the  road  below,  but  Rosie  had  looked  straight  up  at  them,  and  had  ignored  their  presence  completely.
Pansy’s  lips  were  still  moving  in  the  endless  mantra,  “I  am  a  rock,  I  am  a  rock.”
“Alright  miss  rock,  they’re  gone.  You  can  be  a  girl  again  if  you  like.”
Pansy’s  eyes  flew  open  at  last,  and  they  were  brimming  with  tears  as  she  gazed  at  Tanya.  “They’re  coming  for  me,”  she  blurted  out.  “I  knew  they  would.  No  one  ever  leaves  the  temple.  I  don’t  want  to  go  back  Tan,  I  want  to  stay  with  you.  Don’t  let  them  get  me,  I’m  scared  of  what  they’ll  do  to  me  for  running  away.”
Pansy  in  tears  again.  “Nothing  new  there  then”  thought  Tanya,  but  put  her  arm  round  her  friend,  and  pulled  her  close  to  comfort  her.
After  a  moment,  Pansy  wiped  her  eyes,  lifted  her  head  and  said,  “Tanya?”
“What  sweetheart?”
“Let  me  go.  Your  sword  handle’s  sticking  in  my  right  booby.”
Tanya  shifted  the  cause  of  Pansy’s  discomfort.  “Sorry  love.  Better  now?”
“Nearly.  Is  there  anywhere  we  can  go  Tan?  It  seems  like  the whole  world’s  against  us.”
Tanya’s  mind  was  racing  through  the  various  options  open  to  them.
“Well,  Dockside’s  right  out  of  it,  with  Shark  woman  and  Mona  waiting  for  us,  and  they’ll  probably  send  a  boat  down  to  Gap  and  La  Via  as  well,  so  we  can’t  go  there.  I’ll  get  a  thrashing  if  we  go  back  to  Homestead,  and  that  rocket  woman  will  be  waiting  to  take  you  away  again.”
“I’ll  kill  myself  first,”  said  Pansy  vehemently.
“Shush  love,  no  need  for  that  sort  of  talk.  We’ll  be  alright,”  but  deep  within  herself,  Tanya  could  see  no  easy  way  out  of  their  predicament.  She  took  a  deep  breath  and  sighed.  “Come  on,”  she  said,  and  helped  Pansy  to  her  feet.  “We’ll  head  South  and  try  to  keep  out  of  the  way  for  a  while.”
Pansy  only  had  a  sketchy  idea  of  the  local  geography.  “But  what  will  we  do  for  food  Tan?”
They  looked  at  each  other  and  smiles  spread  across  both  their  faces  again.
“Food’s  important,”  they  said  in  unison,  and  laughing,  they  went  hand  in  hand,  heading  South  now,  hoping  to  pass  unnoticed  between  Gap  and  South  farm,  then  between  La  Via  and  Ibis.

They  had  two  hungry  days  and  a  night  as  they  slowly  made  their  way  South  for  one  day,  and  then  West.  Their  hunger  was  only  relieved  during  the  first  day  by  picking  oranges  and  almonds  from  the  abandoned  farms  in  the  hillside  terraces  above  Gap,  but  when  they  struck  out  Westward,  it  got  easier.  On  the  second  day,  they  had  to  cross  the  flatlands  between  Gap  and  South  Farm,  where  they  took  one  egg  from  each  of  several  birds  nests,  and  found  some  green  tomatoes.
In  the  remains  of  a  derelict  building,  at  the  foot  of  the  Central  Sierras,  they  managed  to  fry  the  eggs  on  a  piece  of  roofing  slate  over  a  small  fire,  and  before  they  settled  down  for  another  cold  night,  Tanya  set  out  two  snares.
In  the  morning  there  was  a  rabbit  in  one,  and  the  remains  of  a  rabbit  in  the  other.  The  thought  of  a  predator  being  near  to  them  was  alarming  for  Pansy,  the  eternal  worrier,  but  Tanya  assured  her  that  there  was  nothing  to  be  afraid  of.  From  a  different  viewpoint,  it  would  have  been  possible  to  see  that  she  had  her  fingers  crossed  behind  her  back  while  she  was  saying  this,  but  it  made  Pansy  feel  a  little  better.  After  all,  Tanya  was  her  hero,  and  wouldn’t  lie  to  her.  Would  she?
After  filling  their  water  bottles  at  the  stream,  Tanya  took  the  opportunity  to  give  Pansy  another  lesson  in  fighting  skills.
“Come  on  Pan,  you’ve  got  the  strength  of  a  thousand  spiders.  Swing  it  like  I  showed  you  this  time,  and  you’ll  be  amazed  at  what  you  can  do.”  She  had  to  shout  the  insult,  because  she  was  standing  a  safe  distance  away  from  the  action.
Pansy  considered  the  statement,  and  decided  that  it  was  a  compliment.  After  all,  the  spiders  in  the  temple  vaults  were  tough  little  things,  weren’t  they.  Some  of  them  not  so  little  either.
With  renewed  vigour,  she  swung  the  sword  in  a  huge  arc  over  her  right  shoulder,  and  the  bamboo  finally  collapsed,  falling  to  the  ground  with  it’s  end  cut  at  an  angle  to  leave  a  sharp  point.
“Easy  when  you  know  how,”  said  Pansy  with  pride.  “I’m  getting  the  hang  of  it  now.”
“Well,  we’ve  got  enough  for  the  time  being.  Can’t  carry  any  more,”  answered Tanya,  not  wanting  to  prolong  the  dangerous  activity.  “We’ll  cut  these  down  to  size,  and  start  walking  again.  Got  to  get  over  this  hill  and  into  the  plains  again  before  dark.”
Pansy  reluctantly  returned  the  sword  with  the  everlasting  edge.  “Can  I  do  it  again  tomorrow,  Tan?”  she  asked  hopefully.
“If  we  get  time  love.  But  only  if  it’s  safe.”
With  the  discovery  that  there  was  a  rabbit  thief  out  there  somewhere,  Tanya  had  decided  that  they  needed  more  than  just  her  sword  and  knives  as  weapons.
They  sat  and  trimmed  their  homemade  spears,  and  then,  reluctantly  on  Pansy’s  part,  started  to  climb  the  last  major  obstacle  before  the  flat  plain  near  Ibis,  and  the  comparative  safety  of  the  great  forest.
The  next  morning,  on  the  Ibis  side  of  the  hills,  both  of  the  traps  had  been  sprung,  but  again,  one  of  them was  empty.  Or  should  we  say,  almost  empty.
“Look,”  she  said  to  Pansy,  “Another  rabbit  missing,  but  we’ve  been  left  two  cabbages  in  it’s  place.  Weird.”
There  was  no  one  to  be  seen  as  they  neared  Ibis  pass,  where  the  White  River  ran  between  the  two  ranges  of  hills  before  reaching  the  sea  near  La  Via.  It  was  as  if  they  were  the  only  two  people  in  the  world.  Until  they  reached  the  banks  of  the  river,  that  is.
Pansy  stopped  and  looked  over  her  shoulder  to  Tanya.  “There’s  someone  swimming  in  the  river,”  she  whispered  and  let  Tanya  go  past  her  for  a  better  view.
After  a  brief  look  both  ways  along  the  banks,  they  decided  that  it  was  safe  to  get  closer.  “Drowning  more  like,”  snorted  Tanya,  as  she  watched  the  swimmer’s  feeble  splashing.  Then  her  attitude  changed  dramatically  as  the  swimmer  rolled  over  showing  his  face,  and  she  stared  in  disbelief.  “It’s  Marcus.”
“Who?”  asked  Pansy,  having  only  seen  him  occasionally,  and  from  a  distance.
“Marcus,  Marco  the  barbarian.  We’ve  got  to  save  him,”  and  she  hurriedly  pulled  off  the  mail  shirt  and  discarded  her  weapons.  Pansy  stood  amazed  as  the  pile  of  knives  grew.  “Stay  here,”  Tanya  ordered,  and  waded  out  into  the  shallow  water.  The  river  was  wider  and  slower  here  than  at  the  bridge  near  Ibis  where  Marco  had  fallen  in,  so  Tanya  was  able  to  seize  his  wrist  easily  as  he  drifted  past.  That,  and  getting  him  to  the  river  bank  was  the  easy  part.  With  him  being  only  semi  conscious,  the  two  girls  had  a  struggle  to  get  him  onto  dry  land,  but  eventually  they  all  collapsed  in  a  heap  on  the  stony  beach.
Pansy  grimaced.  “He’s  a  mess,”  she  commented  after  looking  at  his  bloody  back  and  legs.  “How  do  you  think  it  happened.”
“Looks  like  he  lost  his  skin  on  the  rocks.”  Tanya  replied,  then  touched  his  leg  and  frowned.  “He’s  got  a  hole  in  his  leg.”
Marco  mumbled  incoherently  in  delirium.
“What’s  he  saying?”  demanded  Tanya.
“Don’t  know.  Sounded  like  ‘tie  a  bill  be’,  I  think.”
Tanya  put  her  hand  on  Marco’s  cheek.  “Say  it  again,”  she  demanded.
“Margaret?  Is  that  you?”  he  said  clearly.
“Well  that  was  plain  enough,”  said  Pan,  stating  the  obvious.
“Tried  to  kill  me,”  and  he  went  into  a  fit  of  coughing.
The  two  rescuers  looked  wide  eyed  at  each  other  across  his  heaving  chest.
Pansy  screwed  her  eyes  shut  for  a  second.  “Oh  Tan.  I  heard  her  say  it  a  couple  of  weeks  ago,  in  The  Vine.  'If  he  talks  to  me  like  that  again,  I’ll  bloody  kill  him',  she  said.  I  thought  she  was  joking.  They  make  stupid  jokes  like  that.  Didn’t  know  she  meant  it.”
Tanya’s  reply  was  cut  off  by  faint  calls  from  upstream.
“Marco.”  “Marcus.”  There  were  two  voices  in  the  distance  shouting  his  name.
They  both  looked  up  together.  “No.  Please,  not  now.”  Whined  Pansy  in  a  very  worried  voice.  “That  sounds  like  Sylvia  and  Margaret.”
“Damn.  I  can’t  beat  Sylvia.  She’s  way  too  good  for  me,”  exclaimed  Tanya.
She  jumped  up  and  grabbed  all  their  gear,  then  laid  it  down  by  Marco’s  still  body.
“Lay  down  behind  him,”  she  ordered,  and  then  she  laid  on  the  ground  as  well,  so  that  Marco  was  between  them.  Pulling  her  cloak  over  them  all,  she  continued,  “we  can’t  move  him  in  time,  so  do  your  rock  thing.”
“It  doesn’t  always  work  though.”
“Just  do  it  Pansy  Prayerbook,”  she  ordered,  “or  Margaret’s  going  to  kill  us  all.”
Pansy  focussed  her  mind  and  started  whispering  her  “I  am  a  rock”  again,  but  unfortunately  Marco  took  up  the  chant  as  well,  and  not  very  quietly.
Tanya  was  distraught.  “Shut  up  Marco,”  she  whispered.
“I  am  a  rock,”  he  said,  “I  am  a  rock.”
“Shut  up  idiot.”
“I,  am  a  mmmm?”
Tanya  stopped  his  senseless  rambling  by  forcing  his  mouth  closed  with  hers.  The  voices  were  coming  nearer,  but  Tanya  ignored  them.  She  had  other  things  to  worry  about  now.
Marco’s  tongue  was  making  tiny  expeditions  between  her  lips,  and  his  left  hand  had  crept  round  her  back  and  settled  on  her  bottom.  As  his  fingers  gently  kneaded  her  soft  flesh,  her  eyes  were  wide  open  with  surprise  and  she  was  extremely  aware  of  her  racing  heart,  and  the  butterflies  in  her  stomach.  She  was  no  stranger  to  kissing,  as  she  and  Gilda  had  been  lovers  up  until  the  arrival  of  the  miners  in  the  time  machine,  but  she  only  knew  of  the  rudiments  of  making  love  with  a  man  by  hearsay.  To  say  the  least,  she  was  very  confused  by  her  feelings.
Someone  passed  by  them  only  a  dozen  paces  away,  but  they  were  not  challenged.
When  Pansy  finally  declared  that  they  were  safe  again,  there  was  no  reply,  and  when  she  lifted  the  cloak,  she  found  that  Tanya  had  her  eyes  shut  tight  and  was  kissing  Marco  vigorously.  Without  hesitation,  she  slapped  the  side  of  Tanya’s  head  with  her  open  hand.
“Oww!”  exclaimed  her  startled  friend.  “What’s  that  for?”
“Tanya  Vine,  that’s  not  fair.  Here  we  are  about  to  die,  and  you  lay  there  enjoying  yourself.”
She  sat  up  rubbing  her  head  and  Marco  sank  back  into  unconsciousness.  “It  was  the  only  way  I  could  keep  him  quiet,”  she  explained.
Pansy  wore  a  glum  expression.  “Still  not  fair.  You  never  kiss  me  like  that.  You  were  enjoying  it  too  much  for  my  liking.  And  you’ve  only  just  met  him.  Like  you  were  working  in  Pauline’s  Pleasure  Parlour.”
“Where?”
“Nasty  place  on  Cow  Lane  behind  the  temple.  If  you  can  meet  the  price,  you  can  get  anything  there.”
Tanya  shook  her  head,  not  understanding.  “Oh  Pan,  I’m  sorry,  I  shan’t  do  it  again.  And  I  didn’t  know  you  wanted  kissing  that  way.”
“Neither  did  I,  till  just  now.  And  you  were  trying  to  make  babies.  I  felt  him  wriggling!  Bet  if  I  had  a  maggot  hanging  between  my  legs,  you’d  kiss  me  proper  then.”  Her  lips  pouted  and  she  hung  her  head  in  misery.
Tanya  blushed  and  her  cheeks  went  bright  red  at  the  memory  of  Marco’s  semi  conscious  gyrations  beneath  the  cloak.  She  ran  her  hands  through  her  hair  and  stood  up.
“Come  on  Pan  love.  We’ll  talk  about  it  later,  when  we’re  safe.  Got  to  move  him  first.”
Reluctantly,  Pansy  got  to  her  feet,  and  together  they  tried  to  move  Marco’s  inert  body  up  the  beach  towards  the  cover  of  the  trees.
They  had  only  moved  him  a  couple  of  metres,  and  their  tired  limbs  were  beginning  to  tell  them  that  this  was  an  impossible  task.
Pansy  sat  down.  “I  can’t  do  it,”  she  panted.  “He’s  too  heavy.”
Tanya  had  also  been  thinking  the  same  thing,  so  sat  down  as  well,  and  rested  her  head  in  her  hands.
“I  can  help.”
At  the  unexpected  voice,  both  girls  jumped  up  in  alarm.  Tanya  making  a  dive  for  her  sword,  while  Pansy  screamed  and  ran  straight  into  the  water  in  her  panic,  convinced  that  they  were  going  to  be  murdered.
When  Tanya  swung  round  to  face  the  unknown  threat,  she  lowered  the  sword  point  uncertainly.  Crouching  down  beyond  Marco  was  the  dirtiest,  thinnest  woman  they  had  ever  seen.  She  had  a  wild  tangle  of  unkempt  hair,  was  barefoot,  dressed  in  rags,  and  it  was  impossible  to  tell  her  age.
“Please  don’t  hurt  me,”  she  wailed,  and  cringed  even  lower.  “I’ve  brought  you  another  present.”  She  had  one  hand  held  up  as  if  to  protect  her  head,  and  thrusting  the  other  one  forward,  she  let  fall  two  onions  and  a  carrot,  complete with  green  tops.
Understanding  came  to  Tanya.  “You’re  the  rabbit  thief,”  she  declared.
“Only  borrowed  them,”  whined  the  pitiful  creature.  “I  found  you  the  greens.  Can  find  things.  Can’t  catch  rabbits.”  She  got  a  little  bolder.  “Trade.  It’s  trade.”  And  louder.  “Find  you  things,  nice  things  for  rabbits.”  A  manic  grin  spread  across  her  face.  “Help  you,  help  me.  Help  your  man.”
Tanya  looked  round  at  Pansy,  who  was  still  knee  deep  in  the  water.  “Well?”  she  asked.  “What  do  you  think?”
The  question  took  the  soaked  girl  by  surprise.  She’d  never  been  asked  her  opinion  before,  only  ever  told  what  to  do.  “Er,  got  no  choice  really.  We’ll  have  to  let  her  help.  For  a  while,  anyway.”
“Just  what  I  thought,”  replied  Tanya,  nodding  her  head.
Journey’s  end
Lifting  Marco  was  surprisingly  easy  now.  The  thin  woman  was  tougher  than  she  looked,  and  with  her  help  they  moved  thirty  metres  or  so  from  the  river  bank  into  the  cover  of  the  trees.  Leaving  Pansy  to  clean  up  Marco’s  wounds  as  best  she  could,  Tanya  and  their  new  ally  went  back  to  the  river  to  remove  all  sign  of  their  passing.  While  they  walked  and  worked,  Tanya  asked  who  she  was.
“I’m  princess  Florabel  of  Alacant,  and  I  was  stolen  from  my  mother’s  castle  by  a  witch  when  I  was  a  baby.  I’ve  just  escaped  from  her  tower,  but  she’s  not  far  behind  me.”
Tanya  was  naturally  sceptical  about  this  and  asked  her  again.
“It's  true!  My  mother’s  step  sister  hated  me  for  being  so  beautiful,  so  put  a  curse  on  me,  and  put  me  to  sleep  for  fifty  years.  Now  I  have  to  roam  the  wilds  till  I  find  my  true  home  again.”
“You’re  talking  nonsense,  like  a  cracked  pot,  aren’t  you.”
“No,  I  swear  it's  true,  every  word,  and  I’m  not  crackers  at  all.”
Tanya’s  eyes  lit  up  and  she  pointed  an  accusing  finger.  “I  knew  I’d  seen  you  before.  You’re  not  crackers.  You’re  Craken.  Flossie  Craken.  You  were  in  Mad  Martha’s  lot.”
“Not  so  loud,”  pleaded  Flossie,  looking  round  furtively.  “Someone  might  hear  you.  They’ll  set  the  dogs  on  me,  like  they  did  with  the  others.”
It  took  two  more  days  to  get  Flossie  clean  and  free  from  lice  again,  and  during  that  time  they  put  together  her  story  bit  by  painful  bit.  She  had  run  from  the  battle  on  Homestead  green  at  the  first  opportunity,  and  had  kept  on  running  South  and  East,  skirting  round  Burnt  Wood.  Life  had  been  hard  for  her,  but  at  least  she  had  survived,  unlike  her  unfortunate  companions,  who  had  stayed  till  the  bitter  end  and  had  been  slaughtered  by  the  wardogs.  She  had  kept  away  from  all  human  contact  for  the  last  year  and  a  half,  and  the  wild  goats  on  Dockside  mount  had  eventually  accepted  her  as  one  of  their  own.  Even  to  the  extent  of  letting  her  milk  them,  sometimes.  And  then  again,  sometimes  not,  when  she  then  received  a  good  butting  and  stamping  for  her  impertinence.  It  was  she  that  had  accidentally  let  the  goats  out  of  Dockside’s  pen  one  night  when  the  wild  ones  had  refused  to  cooperate  with  her.  She  had  lived  by  scavenging  what  she  could  from  the  rubbish  dump  outside  Dockside,  never  being  seen  by  human  eyes,  and  her  presence  had  reinforced  the  tales  of  old  man  Deerward’s  ghost.  She  told  them  that  she  had  been  compelled  to  follow  them  when  Pansy  had  blown  the  horn.
Then  Marco  was  on  his  feet  again  and  able  to  walk  with  them,  so  they  started  their  journey  South  through  Ibis  pass  and  onward  towards  the  forest.
The  weather  had  been  kind  to  them,  and  it  was  a  mild  Spring  day  as  they  emerged  from  the  pass  into  the  Southern  Valley.  They  stopped  for  a  rest  in  the  shade  of  a  clump  of  date  palms,  and  as  they  rested,  the  girls  tried  to  get  Marco  to  remember.
“So  what  did  Margaret  actually  say?”  asked  Pansy
Marco  frowned.  He’d  done  a  lot  of  frowning  as  he  tried  to  make  sense  of  his  jumbled  memories.  “Go  first,  she  said,  because  they’ll  be  ready  for  you.”
“And  did  you  go  first?”
“Yes,  they  were  still  at   the  fire,  eating  breakfast  and  I  left  them.”
“Tell  us  about  the  bridge  again.”
He  frowned  again  and  rubbed  his  forehead.  “I  put  my  helmet  on  in  the  trees.”  He  looked  around  with  a  puzzled  look  on  his  face.  “It’s  been  stolen.”  There  was  a  long  silence.
“And  the  bridge?”  prompted  Tanya.
He  nodded.  “I  was  on  the  bridge,  and  then  my  leg  hurt.  I  looked  down  and  there  was  an  arrow.”  He  touched  the  bandage,  then  smiled  at  Tanya.  “Then  you  were  kissing  me.”
“Yes,  well.  We  don’t  need  to  go  into  that  now,”  said  Tanya,  reddening  again.
He  looked  at  Pansy.  “Then  you  were  kissing  me.  I  like  kissing.”
It  was  Pan’s  turn  to  go  red.
“Pansy  Prayerbook,”  exclaimed  Tanya  loudly,  “what  have  you  been  doing?”
“Well  I’d  got  to  thinking,  hadn’t  I?”  she  said  hurriedly.  “If  he’s  our  man  now,  it’s  our  duty  to  know  how  to  do  it  properly  isn’t  it?”  She  decided  to  go  on  the  offensive.  “I  only  did  what  you  did.  Only  kissed  him,  after  all.”
Tanya  jumped  to  her  feet  and  put  her  hands  on  her  hips.  “What  about  all  that,  ‘you  don’t  kiss  me  like  that’  business  back  at  the  river  then?”
Marco  and  Flossie  looked  from  one  to  the  other  as  the  exchange  got  under  way.
Pansy  stood  up  as  well  and  facing  Tanya,  poked  a  stiff  finger  into  her  chest.
“And  you  still  haven’t  kissed  me  like  that,  Tanya  Vine.”  Pan  was  getting  louder  now.
“Haven’t  had  time,  and  I  can’t  do  it  with  people  watching.”  Tanya  replied.
“Why  not,”  demanded  the  angry  Pan.  “It’s  not  like  making  babies.  And  I  love  you.”
Tanya  was  silenced  by  the  statement  and  she  reached  out  for  Pansy,  who  had  the  beginnings  of  tears  in  her  eyes  again.  As  they  clung  to  each  other,  Tanya  whispered  in  her  friends  ear,  “Oh  Pansy  sweetheart,  and  I  love  you  too.”
They  were  about  to  kiss  when  Flossie  broke  the  spell.
“I  know  how  to  make  babies.  Can  show  you  if  you  like,”  and  she  reached  out  to  Marco.

The  mismatched  quartet  approached  the  jumble  of  rocks  in  silence.  Which  was  understandable,  considering  what  had  occurred  the  day  before.
After  Flossie’s  offer  to  show  the  two  virgins  how  to  make  babies  with  Marco,  they  had  pounced  on  her  with  the  fury  of  wildcats,  and  Marco  had  finally  picked  them  both  up  and  held  one  in  each  hand  with  their  feet  off  the  ground.  It  wasn’t  until  after  a  good  two  minutes  had  passed,  with  them  both  kicking  and  cursing,  that  they  had  finally  calmed  down.  With  their  promises  to  ‘be  good’,  he  had  gently  let  them  down  again.
“Touch  him  again  Flossie  Craken,”  Tanya  said  angrily,  “and  I’ll  sort  you  out  proper.”
Flossie  was  regaining  her  composure,  and  confidence.  “Well  that’s  not  fair.  You  both  get  to  do  some  tongue  tasting,  and  I’m  not  allowed  anywhere  near  him?”
“Be  thankful  we’ve  allowed  you  to  stay  with  us,”  retorted  Pansy.
“Allowed  me  to  stay?  Pardon  me,  but  who  finds  all  the  cabbages  for  you  then?”
“I’m  sick  of  cabbages,”  Pansy  shouted.  “They  taste  awful,  and  they  make  us  smell  awful  too.  Why  can’t  you  find  something  nicer,  like  a  biscuit  tree?”
“You’re  just  nasty,  miss  Pansy  Smells  Awful,  and  if  your  manners  don’t  improve,  then  I  won’t  show  you  my  secret  treasure.”
“You  don’t  have  a  secret  treasure.”
“Do.”
“Don’t.”
“Do.”
Tanya  looked  at  them  in  dismay.  “Shut  up,”  she  yelled.  “Enough  bickering.  He’s  only  a  man.  We  shouldn’t  fight  over  men.  They’re  not  worth  it.”
“Excuse  me  for  asking  a  silly  question,”  interrupted  Marco,  “but  don’t  I  get  a  say  in  this?”
The  three  red  faced  girls  looked  at  him  in  surprise.  “No!”  they  exclaimed  together.
“Why  should  you?”  asked  Pansy.
“Your  opinions  don’t  count,”  added  Flossie.
“You’ll  do  as  you’re  told,”  said  Tanya  curtly.
And  here  they  were,  near  a  place  that  Flossie  called  Sanwan,  and  her  secret  treasure,  which  she  was  going  to  share  with  them  in  an  attempt  to  become  an  equal  partner  in  their  group.
“This  way,”  Flossie  said  tersely,  and  headed  to  the  right  of  the  rock  heap,  which  had  fallen  down   the  mountain  at  some  time  long  past.
Built  against  the  rocks,  there  was  a  rickety  wooden  shelter  consisting  of  untrimmed  tree  trunks  holding  up  a  roof  of  woven  bamboo  and  willow  wands.  The  sides  were  mostly  open  to  the  elements.  They  stood  under  the  flimsy  roof.
“You’ll  have  to  move  this  one,”  she  instructed  Marco,  “Jenny  Fish  was  the  only  one  who  could  do  it  on  her  own.”  She  paused,  “she  was  huge.”  Speaking  softly  now,  “like  you.  Strong.  Lots  of  muscles.”
“Flossie,  shut  up.”  commanded  Tanya  quietly.
Marco  stood  at  the  boulder  and  heaved  in  the  indicated  direction.  It  rolled  aside  with  surprising  ease  and  exposed  a  small  dark  entrance.
“Come  on  inside,  and  then  say  you’re  sorry  for  not  believing  me.”  Flossie  led  the  way  through  the  opening  and  then  stopped.  “We  have  to  light  these,”  and  she  picked  up  a  rush  light  from  a  pile  near  the  entrance.
They  each  held  a  flaming  torch,  lit  from  Tanya’s  flint  and  steel,  and  they  advanced  into  the  cavern  which  quickly  expanded  into  a  huge  chamber.  To  the  girls,  it  was  just  a  chamber,  created  by  the  ‘old  ones’,  but  Marco  recognised  it  as  the  tunnel  carrying  the  coastal  road  between  Alicante  and  Benidorm,  and  he  had  driven  in  convoy  through  it  many  times  during  the  alien  war,  in  the  days  before  his  rescue  by  the  time  machine.  He  had  been  seventeen  then.  Now,  two  thousand  years  later,  he  was  still  only  nineteen.
“Sanwan.  San  Juan  tunnel,”  he  whispered.  There  was  something  about  the  cathedral  like  vault  that  inspired  awe  and  wonder,  and  whispering  came  naturally.  Twenty  metres  inside  the  tunnel,  the  decaying  hulks  of  five  transport  cruisers  stood  in  an  orderly  row,  the  carbon  and  plastic  bodies  showing  some  signs  of  their  two  thousand  years  underground,  but  only  the  metal  parts  actually  disintegrating.  Behind  these  five,  the  front  of  another  vehicle  protruded  from  the  pile  of  rubble  where  the  tunnel  roof  had  collapsed.
“Is  this  your  fabulous  treasure,  then?”  asked  Pansy  in  her  best  sarcastic  manner.
Flossie  didn’t  get  time  to  make  a  suitable  retort  in  return,  as  Marco  started  crying.
He  was  shaken  by  this  encounter  with  the  reminders  of  a  past  he’d  tried  to  forget,  and  the  girls  looked  at  him,  not  understanding  the  horrors  he  had  faced  only  two  years  previously.  Those  two  years  had  seen  him  change,  from  a  tired,  frightened  kitchen  hand,  into  the  muscular,  nearly  naked  barbarian  they  saw  before  them.
He  crouched  down,  and  dropping  his  torch,  covered  his  head  with  his  arms.  The  girls  stood  and  looked  on,  awkward  and  uncertain  what  to  do,  as  the  sound  of  his  sobbing  filled  the  tunnel.  It  was  Flossie  who  made  the  first  move.  Handing  her  torch  to  Tanya,  she  grabbed  the  miserable  man,  and  somehow  managed  to  pull  him  to  his  feet  and  then  pushed  and  pulled  him  back  to  the  tunnel  entrance.
His  ears  were  full  of  the  whine  of  alien  lasers,  and  the  smell  of  burnt  human  flesh  filled  his  nostrils  again.  He  lay  on  the  grass  and  screamed  at  the  sky.  “Gudrun!  Help  me.”
Flossie  lay  down  beside  him  and  held  him  close.  “Shush  darling,  you’re  safe  now.”
Pansy  was  in  the  tunnel’s  entrance,  and  she  stared  open  mouthed  as  the  scene  developed  before  her.  “Tanya,”  she  whispered  over  her  shoulder,  “she’s  stroking  his  hair.”  She  narrowed  her  eyes.   “I  can’t  hear  what  she’s  saying.”
Even  if  she  had  heard,  it  would  have  meant  nothing.  Flossie  was  using  baby  talk  to  calm  him  down.
“Tanya!”  hissed  Pansy,  “the  rotten  cow’s  kissing  him!”
Her  new  lover  was  more  pragmatic  about  the  situation.  “Come  on  sweetheart,  back  inside.  We’ll  leave  them  alone  for  a  while.”
“But  she’s  kissing  him!”
Tanya  had  heard  Margaret  and  Gudrun  talking  about  the  ‘old  days’,  and  she  knew  how  they  had  kept  Marco  going  through  those  bad  times,  so  she  pulled  Pansy  back  into  the  tunnel.  “We’re  not  going  to  watch.  We’ll  look  at  Flossie’s  treasure.”
Back  inside,  and  not  knowing  what  to  expect,  the  contents  of  the  five  cruisers  came  as  a  complete  surprise  to  them.  This  was  the  secret  store  and  hideaway  of  Martha  Torrent  and  Filian  Strake,  the  evil  pair  who  had  terrorised  the  valleys,  and  instead  of  meaningless,  crumbling  ancient  artefacts,  the  vehicles  held  the  proceeds  of  ten  years  of  looting  and  extortion.  With  Martha’s  patrol  now  all  dead,  except  for  Beryl,  Glen  and  Basher,  who  had  no  knowledge  of  the  secret  hoard,  as  they  had  never  been  trusted,  they  were  the  only  four  people  in  the  world  who  knew  of  its  location,  and  it  was  theirs  for  the  taking.
Pansy  was  dashing  from  one  cargo  bay  to  the  next,  in  her  eagerness  to  see  all  the  goodies  at  once,  opening  boxes  and  bags  at  random.  Tanya  was  slower  in  her  approach,  but  no  less  excited  about  what  she  was  seeing.  There  were  silver  plates,  dishes,  and  spoons.  Silver  and  gold  cups,  and  even  a  box  of  crystal  goblets  that  must  have  come  from  beyond  Valencia,  and  had  pictures  of  strange  animals  and  trees  engraved  on  them.  Then  there  was  the  jewellery.  Boxes  of  assorted  trinkets  gleaming  in  the  flickering  torch  light  and  chains  of  gold  and  silver  in  velvet  lined  cases.  Tanya  was  always  looking  for  weapons  and  armour,  as  good  examples  were  highly  desirable,  and  could  be  traded  anywhere.  There  wasn’t  much,  either  in  quantity  or  in  variety,  but  she  was  not  disappointed  by  her  finds.  The  few  swords,  shields  and  axes  she  found,  were  of  the  highest  quality,  and  at  first  glance,  appeared  to  be  from  the  same  workshop  as  Sylvia’s  sword.  She  caressed  the  weapons  and  traced  the  outlines  of  the  exotic  beasts  depicted  on  the  shield  bosses.
Pansy’s  excited  calls  broke  the  magic  of  the  moment  and  she  went  to  see  what  the  fuss  was  all  about.  She  found  Pansy  dancing  around  the  tunnel  at  the  rear  of  the  last  vehicle,  and  draped  from  head  to  foot  in  bright  blue  shimmering  cloth.
“It’s  beautiful,  Tan,  just  beautiful,”  she  gasped  in  delight.  “Feel  it.  Go  on,  feel  it,”  and  she  stopped  her  mad  cavorting.
Tanya  reached  out  and  touched  the  dazzling  material.  Unlike  the  coarsely  woven  clothing  that  most  people  wore,  it  slipped  easily  through  her  fingers.  “What  is  it?”  she  asked  in  wonder,  “I’ve  never  seen  anything  like  it.”  Then  the  practical  side  of  her  nature  came  to  the  fore.  “Wonder  what  it’s  worth.  Is  there  any  more?”
“There’s  more,  much  more,”  laughed  Pansy,  “and  other  colours  too.”
“It  came  from  the  South,  over  the  mountain.”
The  two  ecstatic  girls  hadn’t  noticed  Flossie  rejoin  them.
“Is  he  all  right,”  Tanya  asked,  chewing  her  bottom  lip  thoughtfully.
Flossie  nodded.  “Don’t  know  why  he  went  stupid  on  us,  but  he’s  quiet  now.”
“What  have you  done  to  him,”  snarled  Pansy.  “I  saw  you  kissing  him,”  and  she  clenched  her  fists  menacingly.
“No.”  Tanya  said  firmly,  stepping  in  front  of  Pansy.  “We  don’t  fight  any  more.  We  need  each  other  now.”  She  turned  to  Flossie,  who  hadn’t  cringed  away  as  she  would  have  done  two  days  ago.  “How  old  are  you  Floss?”
She  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “Twenty  four,  five  maybe.  Why?”
Tanya  nodded.  “Here’s  why.  I  know  about  Margaret  and  Gudrun.  They  used  to  lay  with  him  all  the  time,  to  stop  him  thinking  about  the  monsters,  and  I  know  you  must  have  been  making  babies  out  there.  Marco’s  ours,  we  saved  him  from  drowning,  but  I  don’t  want  to  have  children  with  him.  Not  yet  anyway,  and  you’re  too  young  Pansy  dearest.  So  we’re  going  to  love  each  other,  like  good  friends  should  do,  and  if  Marco  has  to  be  calmed  down,  then  that’s  part  of  Flossie’s  job,  till  we’re  old  enough.  Right?”
Tanya  was  naturally  talkative,  but  mainly  in  the  gossip  department,  and  it  had  been  a  long  speech,  in  her  terms.  There  was  silence  while  Pansy  and  Flossie  stood  and  looked  at  each  other.
“Don’t  hate  me,  Pansy,”  said  Flossie  quietly.  “Everybody’s  hated  me  since  Martha  picked  me  to  be  her  skivvy.  I  haven’t  been  happy  for  years.  I  want  to  be  happy.”
Reluctantly,  Pansy  held  out  her  hand  and  the  three  companions  briefly  hugged.

That  evening  they  dined  in  style.  Marco’s  fears  were  driven  underground  sufficiently  to  allow  him  to  help  with  the  removal  of  some  of  the  loot  into  the  open  air,  and  he  and  Pansy  built  a  camp  among  the  rocks  near  the  tunnel,  while  Flossie  and  Tanya  went  hunting  with  two  of  the  bows  they  had  acquired.
Tanya  took  the  opportunity  of  being  alone  with  Flossie  to  reinforce  her  position  as  leader  of  the  group.  She  spoke  softly  to  her.  “There’s  three  of  us  now  and  I’m  glad  you’re  with  us,  but  Marco  belongs  to  all  of  us.  If  you  try  to  steal  him  from  me  and  Pan,  I’ll  kill  you.  Very  slowly.  Understand?”
Despite  their  age  difference,  Flossie  had  no  difficulty  in   believing  the  threat,  and  promised  that  she  would  always  be  honest  and  true  to  her  new  family.
Tanya  had  some  skill  with  a  hunting  bow,  but  in  Flossie’s  hands,  it  proved  to  be  a  deadly  instrument.  They  returned  to  camp  with  a  small  deer  hanging  from  a  pole  they  had  cut,  and  as  darkness  fell  they  sat  around  the  fire,  drinking  wine  of  dubious  quality  from  silver  cups,  and  admiring  each  others  new  clothes,  while  they  waited  for  Pansy  to  declare  the  venison  ready.
As  well  as  the  rolls  of  synthetic  cloth  in  the  last  wagon,  there  was  an  abundance  of  more  practical  gear,  and  their  own  shabby  clothes  had  been  discarded.  There  were  no  ‘mens’  clothing  as  such,  but  Marco  had  been  fitted  out  in  voluminous  trousers  and  a  loose  shirt,  both  of  white  linen  with  blue  edging.  He  had  kept  his  sandals,  as  they  had  found  none  to  fit  him,  but  the  three  girls  had  a  bigger  selection  to  choose  from,  and  were  decked  out  like  peacocks  in  the  brightest  colours  they  could  find  and  exotic  shoes  with  bright  buckles.
Tanya  wiped  grease  from  her  chin  and  licked  her  lips.  “What  were  they  going  to  do  with  all  this  stuff  then,”  she  asked  Flossie,  and  reached  for  the  wine  bottle  again.
“Martha  said  it  was  her  insurance.  For  when  she  was  too  old  to  frighten  people  I  guess.”
“There’s  better  things  here  than  we  ever  saw  in  the  temple,”  added  Pansy.  “Never  seen  clothes  like  these  before.”
“Its  called  poly  something,”  Marco  informed  them.  “We  wore  clothes  made  of  it  on  the  Hood.” 
The  girls  looked  at  him  warily,  half  expecting  him  to  start  crying  again,  but  he  skewered  another  piece  of  meat  on  his  dagger  and  popping  it  in  his  mouth,  kept  on  chewing.
“Or  was  it  tetra  something,”  he  mused.  “Can’t  really  remember  now.  I’ll  ask  Margaret  when  I  see  her.”  He  frowned.  “If  I  remember.”
Tanya  put  her  hand  on  Marco’s  mighty  shoulder.  “We  don’t  want  to  see  her  yet,  Marco  love,”  she  said  quietly.  “We’ll  wait  a  few  weeks.  Perhaps  she’ll  realise  she  was  wrong  to  try  and  have  you  killed,  and  if  she  doesn’t…”
Her  voice  trailed  off  to  leave  an  awkward  silence  between  them.
“Time  for  a  story,”  exclaimed  Pansy  suddenly.  “Who  will  go  first.”
Apparently,  no  one  knew  any  stories  worth  telling.
“A  song  then,”  she  said  brightly.  “Anything?”  She  added  after  another  lengthy  silence.
“I’ll  tell  you  a  sad  story,”  said  Marco  at  last,  and  he  commenced  to  tell  them  of  his  childhood  in  North  America.  He  could  have  told  them  anything,  anything  at  all.  They  wouldn’t  have  known  the  difference  between  fact  and  fiction,  especially  as  the  facts  of  his  childhood  and  early  teens  could  have  come  from  a  novel.
But  he  stuck  to  the  absolute  truth,  from  the  break  up  of  his  parents  marriage,  through  the  happy  times  on  the  asteroid  mining  ship,  Hood,  then  the  horrors  of  the  alien  invasion,  to  the  debacle  of  Ashers  Farm,  after  which  he  had  been  heralded  as  a  hero,  when  in  fact,  the  truth  was  far  different  to  the  stories  being  spread  by  the  wardogs  who  had  been  with  him.
“So  you  see,”  he  concluded.  “I’m  a  fraud,  made  in  my  father’s  image  and  living  out  his  dreams.  I  can’t  even  draw  a  sword  without  cutting  myself.  And  as  for  that  battle,  I  never  actually  hurt  anyone.  Even  the  girls  and  dogs  with  me  had  to  run  themselves  silly  to  get  close  enough  to  the  enemy,  and  then  they  mostly  fell  down  crying  and  begging  for  mercy.”
“So,  what  you’re  saying,”  said  Tanya  slowly,  “is  that  if  we  got  ourselves  into  a  fight,  you  wouldn’t  know  how  to  use  a  sword  or  axe?
He  nodded.  “That  about  sums  it  up,  I’m  afraid.  Pretty  useless.”
“Chiggers!”
They  all  stared  at  her.
“What’s  wrong  Tan?”  asked  Pansy.
“Unless  you  and  mister  muscle  here  can  learn  fighting  pretty  quick,  then  we’ll  have  to  think  of  something  else.  I  thought  we  had  a  chance  to  rule  the  world,  but  now  we  might  have  to  make  do  with  only  half  of  it.”
Sceptical  at  first,  but  then  wide  eyed  with  wonder,  they  listened  to  their  leader’s  scheme,  and  congratulated  her  on  it’s  audacity.
Then  they  opened  another  anonymous  bottle,  which  proved  to  be  Crampton’s  finest  brandy.  As  the  fire  died  down,  Pansy  cuddled  up  to  Tanya  and  drew  her  lover’s  face  down  to  hers,  and  they  engaged  in  a  long  kiss  goodnight.  She  had  accepted  Flossie  at  last,  and  they  ignored  the  sounds  coming  from  the  other  side  of  the  fire.
Chapter  14
Law  and  Order
Bad  decisions
There  are  two  sides  to  every  story,  and  this  one  was  no  exception.  Tanya’s  life  had  taken  a  temporary  nose  dive,  but  seemed  to  be  on  the  up  again.
But  in  Ibis,  things  were  somewhat  different.  Skip  back  in  time  a  week  or  so.  It  was  market  day,  and  spirits  were  high,  due  to  the  imminent  arrival  of  their  very  own  man.
“Margo.  Margo,  where  are  you?”  Dotty  Sharp’s  voice  carried  across  the  low  murmur  of  traders  and  customers  in  Ibis  market  square,  causing  Margo  Lemon  to  look  up  from  the  table.  Jean  Collier  sighed  in  frustration.  She  was  sure  that  Margo  had  been  about  to  buy  the  ring  with  the  big  blue  stones.  Her  mum,  Fran  would  be  livid  if  they  didn’t  sell  some  of  their  junk  soon.  Business  was  bad.  Ibis  folks  were  notoriously  shy  when  it  came  to  parting  with  their  cash  or  trinkets,  and  always  drove  a  hard  bargain.
“What  do  you  want,  Dotty?  Can’t  it  wait?”
“I  got  it  Margo,  I  went  and  got  it,”  she  exclaimed  excitedly,  and  showed  Margo  what  she  was  carrying.  “What  do  you  think  of  that  then?”  she  said  proudly.
Attracted  by  the  unusual  fuss,  a  small  crowd  was  gathering,  and  Dotty  held  up  the  outlandish   helmet  for  all  to  see  and  admire.  It  was  covered  in  fur  and  had  horns.
“Where’d  you  get  that  from?”  asked  Margo,  who  had  a  strange  feeling  in  the  pit  of  her  stomach  as  she  vaguely  recognised  it.  “Dotty.  What  have  you  done?”
Dotty’s  chest  swelled  with  pride.  “Remember  that  tree  beast  we  saw  at  Asher’s  field?  Well  it  won’t  bother  us  no  more.  I  killed  it.”
“What?”  Margo  only  managed  to  squeak  the  word  out.
“Killed  it  stone  dead.  With  one  arrow.  I  was  down  at  the  practise  ground  by  the  river,  shooting  at  the  long  butts,  and  I  saw  it  come  out  of  the  trees.  Nearly  pooed  my  pants,  but  I  waited  till  I  was  sure  of  my  shot,  then,  whizz.”  She  demonstrated  the  arrow’s  flight  with  her  free  hand.  “Got  it,  and   it  fell  off  the  bridge.  I’m  a  hero,  I  am.”
“You’re  a  bloody  idiot,  that’s  what  you  are!”  Margo’s  eyes  were  bulging  as  she  tried  to  imagine  the  consequences  of  Dotty’s  actions.  “Don’t  you  remember  what  day  this  is?”
Dotty’s  smile  faded  away,  and  in  their  wisdom,  so  did  some  of  the  crowd.
Margo  continued.  “This  week,  any  day  now,  there’s  a  man  coming  over  from  Homestead.  You  remember  Homestead?  Right  next  to  Burnt  Wood?  That  beast  thing  was  probably  sent  here  to  look  after  him.  Now  if  any  of  them  loonies  from  Homestead  find  out  that  you’ve  killed  one  of  their  pet  monsters,  don’t  you  think  they  might  be  a  little  upset?”
Dotty’s  face  showed  her  anxiety  as  Margo’s  words  sunk  in,  then  some  more  of  the  crowd  decided  to  go  home  as  two  strangers  pushed  through  the  throng,  coming  from  the  direction  of  the  river  gate.  They  stopped  in  front  of  Dotty  and  Margo.  Dotty  remembered  the  helmet  in  her  hands,  and  hid  it  behind  her  back,  but  too  late.
“Show  me.”  demanded  Sylvia  Long,  Homestead’s  Prima.
Dotty  grinned  foolishly  and  held  out  the  helmet.  “Sorry,”  she  muttered.
“Where  is  he?”
“Err…”
Sylvia  raised  her  voice  several  decibels.  “Tell  me.  Now!”
“It  fell  in  the  river,”  called  an  anonymous  voice  from  the  back.
“And  how,  may  I  ask  did  he  get  there?”
“Err…”
“She  shot  it.  Ouch.”  The  anonymous  informant  was  silenced  by  someone  far  wiser.
“Is  that  right?”  asked  Sylvia  mildly,  but  her  voice  hid  her  true  feelings.
“’Fraid  so,”  Dotty  whispered.
Sylvia  turned  and  briefly  made  eye  contact  with  Margaret,  then  swung  round  again,  and  drove  her  fist  into  Dotty’s  face  with  all  the  force  she  could  muster.
Dotty  staggered  backwards  before  falling,  stunned  by the  blow.  Blood  was  pouring  from  her  broken  nose,  and  within  seconds,  her  left  eye  started  to  swell  up  and  close.  Sylvia  followed  her  and  started  kicking  her  in  the  ribs.  “Stupid,  stupid,  stupid.”
Margo  stepped  forward  to  stop  the  beating.  “Hold  hard  there.  It  was  only  a  tree  beast.”
Sylvia  whirled  round  on  her,  and  at  the  sight  of  her  fury,  Margo  quickly  shuffled  back.  “Tree  beast?  Tree  beast?  You  stupid  peasants!”
The  tree  beast  was  one  of  the  creatures  that  existed  only  in  the  imagination.  The  Homesteaders  had  spread  rumours  of  various  monsters  to  keep  strangers  out  of  Burnt  Wood,  where  the  wardogs  lived.
“I’ll  tell  you  what  you’ve  done  today,  shall  I?”  Sylvia  said  menacingly.  “You  haven’t  killed  a  tree  beast,  nobody  can  kill  a  tree  beast.  That  was  a  man,  your  man.  He  was  this  town's  man,  and  you  tell  me  he’s  in  the  river?”  She  turned  again  to  Dotty.  “Well,  if  he’s  dead,  I’m  going  to  come  back  for  you  and  slice  open  your  belly  and  strangle  you  with  your  own  intestines.”
The  remaining  crowd  held  it’s  collective  breath,  and  the  only  sound  in  the  square  was  Dotty’s  sobbing.  Sylvia  continued  quietly.  “And  if  that  doesn’t  satisfy  me,  then  I’m  going  to  find  everyone  vaguely  related  to  you,  and  slaughter  them  as  well.”
She  whirled  round.  “Come  on  Marge,  we  may  be  lucky  and  find  him  still  alive.”
Margaret  ground  the  heel  of  her  boot  into  Dotty’s  outstretched  hand,  then  stood  briefly  in  front  of  Margo.  “He’s  mine.  You  were  only  borrowing  him.  If  he’s  dead,  you’d  better  hope  that  Sylvia  gets  here  before  I  do.  I’ll  not  stop  at  just  fathead’s  family.  I’ll  burn  this  cesspit  that  you  call  home  to  the  ground.  Everybody  still  here  will  die.”  Then  she  ran  to  catch  up  with  Sylvia,  who  was  already  jogging  back  to  the  bridge.
Fran  Collier  nudged  her  daughter’s  arm.  “Time  to  pack  up  I  think.  Not  much  prospect  for  a  sale  here  now.”
“Not  much  prospect  for  anything  here  now,”  Jean  replied  quietly,  shaking  her  head  sadly.  She  hadn’t  seen  violence  like  that  since  the  Full  Moon  riot  in  Gap  three  years  ago.
“Isn’t  it  a  little  early  for  you  two  to  be  dashing  off  already?”  Asked  Polly  Jugg,  Ibis’s  leading  sword  hand,  who  had  just  arrived  in  the  square.
“Got  an  important  meeting  in  Central,”  replied  Fran,  hurriedly  forcing  miscellaneous  items  into  a  hessian  sack.  “Jean,  go  get  them  bullocks  hitched  up.  We’re  late.”
After  finally  making  sense  of  the  garbled  accounts  of  the  onlookers,  Polly  was  worried  sick.  If  the  man  was  dead,  then  whatever  happened,  she  reckoned  that  she  was  going  to  die  as  well  as  Dotty.  She  was  Dotty’s  cousin,  and  also,  as  first  sword,  she  would  be  expected  to  stand  up  for  her,  and  she  knew  that  only  Beryl  Strong  could  beat  Sylvia  with  a  sword.  No  chance  of  help  there.  Beryl  was  from  Homestead.
She  returned  to  Fran  and  Jean’s  wagon.  “Deliver  a  message for  me,  Fran.  Please?”
The  peddler  frowned  and  shuffled  her  feet.  “Don’t  really  want  to  get  involved,”  she  said  worriedly.  “Pedlars  are  supposed  to  be  neutral.  Got  to  travel  in  strange  places.  Got  to  stay  neutral  to  stay  safe.”
“I’ll  give  you  a  silver  coin.”
“With  a  queen’s  head  on  it?”
Polly  nodded.  “Yes,  but  I’ve  only  got  a  ten.”
“What’s  your  message?”  Fran  asked  without  hesitation.
“It’s  for  Tina  Flake.  You  know,  Central’s  new  Prima,”  she  added  when  Fran  shrugged  her  shoulders.    “Tell  her  we  need  help  here.  Swords  and  law  givers.”
Fran  took  her  coin  and  promised  to  deliver  the  message  personally,  and  Polly  set  about  trying  to  sort  out  in  her  head  what  they  were  going  to  do.

“What  are  we  going  to  do  now,  Sylv.”  Margaret  asked,  breathing  heavily.  “Do  we  go  back  and  start  killing?”
They  had  walked  and  jogged  for  three  hours  along  the  river  bank,  and  had  emerged  from  the  pass  and  were  at  the  edge  of  the  Southern  plain.  The  only  sign  of  Marco’s  passing  were  his  twin  swords,  which  they  had  seen  in  the  water  below  the  bridge.
“No.  much  as  I’d  like  to,  we  can’t.”  She  squatted  down.  “Sit  down,  we’ll  have  a  few  minutes,  then  press  on  to  the  coast.”
Margaret  sat  on  a  rock.  “What’s  stopping  us  going  back  there?”
“For  one  thing  they’ll  be  ready  for  us.  It’s  one  of  the  few  places  that’s  got  proper  walls.  We’d  never  get  inside.  Then,  unfortunately  there’s  the  law.  It’s  a  job  for  the  gurus  to  sort  out  now.  Connie  Nesbitt  will  speak  our  case,  they’ll  get  someone  to  give  their  side  of  it,  and  then  we’ll  start  killing  them.  Simple  as  that.”
“So  what  now  then,”  Margaret  repeated.
“Follow  the  river  to  La  Via.  Take  a  boat  to  Gap,  run  like  crazy  for  home,  then  raise  an  army,  and  with  a  bit  of  luck,  we’ll  be  back  here  in  a  couple  of  weeks  to  make  them  wish  they’d  never  been  born.”

Back  to  the  present,  and  Pansy  was  getting  worried  about  births  as  well.
“You’ll  have  to  talk  to  her,  Tan.  Tell  her  to  stop  it.  Make  her  see  sense.”
“What  about  Pansy  darling,”  asked  Tanya,  completely  baffled  by  her  lovers  words.
“Well,  I’ve  been  counting.  Can’t  help  but  notice  that  they  end  up  making  babies  most  nights.”  Pansy  was  whispering  in  a  conspiratorial  manner.
“Yes,  but  what  are  you  getting  at?”
“They’ve  done  it  at  least  seven  times  already.  How  are  we  going  to  cope  when  she  has  them  all?  We  can’t  feed  seven  babies!  What  you  laughing  at  Tanya  Vine?  It’s  no  laughing  matter.  I  can’t  make  milk,  and  I  don’t  think  you  can  either!”
Tanya  eventually  managed  to  calm  down  enough  to  give  Pansy  her  version  of  the  facts  of  life,  which  were  not  exactly  accurate,  but  nearer  the  truth  than  Pansy’s.
“How  was  I  supposed  to  know  that?”  The  embarrassed  girl  asked,  when  she  finally  realised  that  Flossie  wasn’t  about  to  present  them  with  hordes  of  squealing  babies.  “Never  got  told  nothing  like  that  in  school.  Only  know  about  spiders.  Bet  you  think  I’m  a  right  drip  now.”
Tanya  put  an  arm  round  her  disconsolate  friend.  “If  you  knew  everything  love,  then   you  wouldn’t  be  you.  You’d  be  someone  else,  and  I  wouldn’t  love  you.”
“Truly  Tan?  You’re  not   just   saying  that  are you?”
“Course  not  sweetheart.  I  love  you,  not  some  ‘know  it  all’  from  the  future,  like  them  angels,  or  the  mighty  Gudrun  from  the  past.  You’re  the  here  and  now.  We  belong  together.”
“Oh  Tan,  You’re  so  good  to  me.”  She  paused,  happy  and  safe  in  Tanya’s  arms.  “Bet  you’re  a  bit  vexed  though,  cos  me  and  Marco  are  still  lacking  when  it  comes  to  swords.”
“No,  we’re  doing  alright,”  Tanya  replied,  but  thought,  “you’re  not  wrong  there  kid.”
They  sat  watching  the  flames  lick  round  the  bottom  of  the  pot  of  rabbit  stew.
“We’re  going  to  get  dressed  up  tonight,”  Tanya  declared.  “Make  sure  we  all  look  the  part  when  we  get  there.  Go  through  the  story  again.”
Pansy  looked  up  at  her.  “Think  they’ll  really  let  us  have  it  Tan?”
“No  reason  why  they  shouldn’t.”  She  smiled.  “They’re  too  greedy  to  let  a  good  deal  like  this  slip  through  their  fingers.  Not  long  now,  and  we’ll  be  a  legal  part  of  Ibis’s  domain,  under  the  protection  of  Polly  Jugg.  Then  no  one  can  touch  us.  No  meddling  gurus,  priestesses,  or  shark  women.  We’ll  be  safe.”
The  Lanky  Chicken
“Take  one  step  closer,  and  I’ll  give  you  such  pain  that  you  wouldn’t  believe.  And  in  really  interesting  places  too!”
Sali  and  Sandal  whirled  round  at  the  sound  of  the  harsh  voice,  and  looked  up.  And  up  some  more,  at  the  biggest  pair  of  eyes  they  had  ever  seen.  They  both  gaped  in  disbelief  at  the  huge  black  and  white  bird,  which  turned  it’s  head  sideways  to  look  at  them.
“You!  Say  the  words.  What’s  rule  number  one?”
“Never  panic?”  said  Sali,  on  the  verge  of  panicking.
“No,  not  you,  him,  and  that’s  only  number  seven  anyway.”
“The  speakers  are  one,”  blurted  out  Sandal  at  last,  “respect  your  kin.”
“And  do  we  eat  our  kin?”
“N n n no!”
“So  you,”  said  the  ostrich,  pointing  at  Sandal,  with  a  grubby  finger,  “can  stop  drooling  right  now.  It’s  bad  manners  to  think  about  what  you’ve  got  in  mind.  And  keep  away  from  my  children!”
Sali  and  Sandal  stared  at  the  small  arms  which  had  been  tucked  under  it’s  wings.  If  there  had  been  prizes  for  gaping  at  the  annual  village  fair,  they  would  have  won  easily.
“We  meant  no  harm,”  pleaded  Sali,  “only  wanted  a  closer  look  at  your  beautiful  babies.”
The  ostrich  cocked  her  head  the  other  way,  “Oh,  know  a  lot  about  youngsters  do  you?”
“Oh  yes.  We’ve  got  lots  of   babies  in  Homestead  now,  and  kids,  calves  and  chicks  too.”
“Chickens  eh?  Do  they  talk?”
Sali  frowned,  “why,  no.  Should  they?”
“I  guess  not,  there  were  no  other  birdfolk  with  us  at  the  Ruby  House,  not  that  any  of  the  scatterbrain  dogs  would  remember  though.  Say,  you’re  travelling  awful  light,  how  far  is  it  to  your  camp,  or  village  or  whatever?”
Sandal  was  regaining  his  composure,  “about  two  hours  to  dog  city,  that  way,”  and  pointed  roughly  South.
“And  who’s  in  charge  now?”
“Daggit,”  answered  Sandal.
“No,  not  who  thinks  he’s  boss.  Who’s  in  charge?”
Sali  saved  her  partner  from  his  confusion,  “that  would  be  Flair,  or  Caren.”
“Caren?  What  sort  of  a  name’s  that  for  a  dog?”
“Oh,  she  used  to  be  called  Scutcher,  but  now  she’s  Caren  Bonecrusher.”
“A  Bonecrusher?  Well,  let’s  go  see  your  Caren  then,  we’ve  a  lot  of  catching  up  to  do.”
Sali  and  Sandal’s  first  hunting  trip  came  to  a  premature  end,  and  they  set  off  towards  the  clan's  tented  campsite  (dog  city?)  with  the  ostrich  following  behind,  and  her  three  youngsters  cavorting  around  and  between  her  massive  legs.

A  little over  two  hours  later,  Flair  crinkled  her  nose.
“That’s  our  Sandal  coming  back.”
Her  son  Flame,  (Sandal’s  older  brother)  looked  up  from  the  drawing  of  Asher’s  field  they  had  been  working  on  together  and  sniffed  as  well.
“He’ll  have  to  stop  rolling  in  stuff.  I  told  him  it’s  not  civilised.  Don’t  catch  me  and  Billie  rolling  in  stuff.”
Flair  dropped  the  charcoal  and  slowly  stood  up,  and  her  hackles  rose  with  her  as  the  scent  on  the  air  triggered  her  defence  reflexes.
“Get  ready  to  grab  the  brats  and  run,”  she  said  through  clenched  teeth.
Flame  looked  up  at  her  and  gave  a  bemused  smile.
“Run?  We’re  wardogs,  we  don’t  run.”
She  spun  round  and  her  right  hand  made  solid  contact  with  his  left  ear,   “I’m  older  and  wiser  than  you’ll  ever  be.  When  I  say  run,  you  say,  how  fast  mum?  Now  go  and  fetch  Jade,  we  need  archers.”
“Mum,  there’s  walls  in  Homestead,”  he  whined.
Her  hand  was  a  fist  this  time  and  he  rolled  away  from  the  table  with  the  force  of  the  blow.  “Go!”  she  screamed  at  him,  and  as  he  left  the  huddle  of  tents  that  made  up  dog  city,  urging  his  younger  cousins  on,  she  turned  to  face  the  North  trail  and  whatever  was  coming  her  way.
Race  memories  of  the  superdogs  origins,  bolstered  by  dark  tales  told  on  even  darker  nights,  made  Flair  alternatively  bare  her  teeth  and  snarl  in  defiance,  then  cringe  and  whimper  with  fear  at  the  sight  of  her  son  and  Sali  being  held  firmly  by  the  infamous  Killer  Chicken.
The  ostrich  sadly  regarded  Flair  going  through  her  emotional  turmoil.
“Oh  for  goodness  sake,  pull  yourself  together,  you’re  no  better  than  that  stupid  bitch  Mimsy,  your  first   grandmother.  Well,  say  something!”
“Let  my  son  go!”  snarled  Flair,  then  whimpered  again,  “please?”
Sandal  was  pushed  gently  forwards,  “go  on  boy,  talk  to  your  mother,”  then  lowering  her  head  to  Sali,  she  said  quietly,  “just  see  where  the  beakies  have  got  to  honey,  and  bring  them  here,  will  you  please?”
Flair  had  snatched  Sandal  and  thrown  him  bodily  towards  the  Homestead  trail,  then  grabbed  her  sword  and  axe  from  the  armour  post  outside  her  tent.  She  turned  to  the ostrich,  her  face  a  mask  of  hatred  and  grim  determination,  and  advancing  two  paces,  threw  the  axe  with  all  her  strength.
“Die,  murderer.”
The  ostrich  leaned  slightly  to  the  right,  and  raised  it’s  left  leg  to  snatch  the  axe  out  of  the  air  as  it  tumbled  past  her,  then  transferring  it  from  foot  to  hand,  she  casually  tossed  it  into  the  dirt  at  Flair’s  feet.  “Would  the  great  warrior  care  to  try  again,  or  would  she  rather  talk?”
Even  with  the  odds  stacked  against  her,  Flair  was  a  willing  opponent,  and  refused  to  back  down,  knowing  that  help  had  been  sent  for.

Eventually,  with  an  eerie  sense  of  déjà  vu,  Jade  entered  the  clearing  at  Hoods  Hole  cave  holding  a  half  drawn  bow,  with  Flame  and  Sandal  right  behind  her,  and  as  if  nature  wanted  to  redress  the  imbalance  of  the  strange  tableau,  Sali  and  the  three  young  ostriches,  each  as  tall  as  her,  came  hand  in  hand  from  the  North  trail.
“Found  them  Cilla,  oh!”  Years  of  friendship  with  Tanya  had  given  Sali  some  of  her  best  friends  attitude  and  the  battle  at  Ashers  Farm  had  been  a  steep  learning  curve  for  her.  But  also,  now  that  she  had  been  in  the  dog’s  company,  the  persona  once  known  as  ‘Sali  who  passed  the  cutlery’,  was  finally  being  replaced,  possibly  even  by  the  dogs  invention,  ‘Vorden  of  the  bloody  knives’?  She  moved  to  stand  in  front  of  the  ostrich.
“YOU,”  she  shouted  at  Jade,  “PUT  DOWN  THAT  BOW!
There  was  an  unnatural  quality  in  her  voice,  and  Jade  was  momentarily  stunned  by  the  force  of  Sali’s  command,  so  lowered  the  bow  uncertainly.
“What’s  rule  number  one?”
“Don’t  panic?”  replied  the  confused  Jade,  wondering  why  Sali  sounded  like  Ma  Nesbitt  having  a  bad  day.
“Not  you.  You,”  Sali  repeated,  pointing  an  unwavering  finger  at  Flair.  “And  that’s  only  eight  anyway.”
A  small  voice  behind  and  above  her  said,  “seven  actually,  but  you’re  doing  OK.”
“Er,  the  speakers  are  as  one  with  you,”  said  Flair.
“And?”
“Er,  respect  your  kin,”  she  finished  quietly.
“Easy,  isn’t  it,”  said  Sali  with  a  triumphant  smile  spreading  across  her  face.  “You’re  the  dog  Flair,  and  that’s  your  family.  You’re  the  human  Jade,  and  I’m  your  family.  This  is  the  bird  Cilla,  with  her  family.  We  all  speak,  so  we  all  respect  each  other.  Don’t  we?”
“But  she’s  a  dog  killer,”  said  Flair  in  a  small  worried  voice.
“Have  you  met  her  before?”  demanded  Sali.
“No,  but  I  know  the  stories.”
“Forget  the  stories,  her  name’s  Cilla,  not  killer,  so  stop  all  this  stupid  sword  waving  and  talk  to  her.  Or  suffer  a  virgin’s  curse.”  And  as  she  said  the  words,  her  left  hand  reached  upwards,  the  fingers  spreading  outwards  and  her  right  hand  stretched  forward  of  it’s  own  volition  towards  Flair.  The  shocked  dog  woman  threw  down  her  sword  and  axe  and  cowered  before  the  menacing  figure.  Suddenly,  the  tense  moment  passed  and  Sali  seemed  to  shrink  a  little  before  their  eyes.  She  turned  and  walked  into  the  trees.
After  a  moment’s  hesitation,  Jade  put  her  bow  down  and  followed,  keeping  a  healthy  distance  from  the  awesome  bird.  She  found  Sali  some  twenty  metres  into  the  trees,  sat  hugging  her  knees,  alternately  frowning,  then  staring  wide  eyed  into  space.  Jade  sat  beside  her  and  put  her  arm  round  the  mystified  girls  shoulders.
“Well,  that  was  a  surprise,”  said  Jade.
“Oh  Jade,”  she  said  and  leant  against  the  older  girls  side,  “Something  just  went  click  inside  my  head.  What  happened  to  me  back  there?  Oh  Lady,  my  head  hurts.”
“Hush  child,  everything’s  alright.  We’ll  rest  awhile  before  we  go  back  home,  then  when  Connie,  Ma  Nesbitt,  comes  back,  she’ll  tell  you  about  it  better  than  I  can.  But  it  looks  like  you’re  getting  a  special  talent  that’s  only  given  to  a  lucky  few.”
‘Or  unlucky’  she  added  silently  to  herself.
After  ten  minutes  of  TLC,  Sali  felt  well  enough  to  rejoin  the  others  and  they  found  Cilla  sitting  at  the  rough  table,  admiring  Flame’s  latest  drawings.  Flair’s  sword  and  axe  were  hanging  from  the  post  again,  and  Sandal  was  trying  to  keep  the  three  youngsters  out  of  the  kitchen  tent.
“Me  and  Sali  have  got  to  go  back  home,”  said  Jade  to  no  one  in  particular.  “Something  important’s  come  up.”
Cilla  fixed  one  enormous  eye  on  Jade,  “got  any  decent  food  there,  like  apple  pie?”
“I  guess  that  Frankie  can  get  anything  you  want,”  replied  the  archer.
“In  that  case,  I’m  coming  as  well,  been  too  long  since  I  tasted  apple  pie.”
She  looked  at  Flair  and  said  quietly,  “You’d  better  come  too.”
Flair  was  about  to  make  excuses  about  Homestead  having  walls,  but  Cilla  held  up  one  hand  to  stop  her  protest,  “You’ll  have  to  come  with  us  to  talk  to  the  humans  honey,  me  and  the  young  ones  are  heading  South.  Your  cousins  are  on  the  move.”
The  word  of  the  law
“What’s  the  best  we  can  hope  for?”  Polly  asked  the  question  more  in  the  hope  of  hearing  good  news,  than  actually  expecting  it.  Deep  down,  she  knew  that  there  wasn’t  a  ‘best’  in  this  case,  and  her  racing  heart  was  making  her  feel  decidedly  unwell.
The  two  lawgivers  from  the  Court  of  Final  Appeal  in  Central  conferred  again,  then  Millie  Storm  steepled  her  fingers  and  looked  at the  ceiling  of  the  council  chamber.
“If  we  can  press  the  point  with  vigour  that  they  were  lacking  in  the  proper  care  of  their  property,  to  wit  the  man…”  she  looked  at  the  papers  in  front  of  her,  “...known  as  Marco.  In  as  much  as  that  they  knowingly  let  him  wander  out  of  their  sight,  then  they  may  have  to  be  content  with  a  blood  price.”
Maddy  Toogood  narrowed  her  eyes  as  she  heard  the  dreaded  subject  of  cost  come  up.  As  Ibis’s  Prima,  she  was  expected  to  make  sure  that  the  town  made  a  yearly  profit,  and  that  the  coffers  were  always  full.  She  wasn’t  too  happy  that  two  of  the  bloodsucking  lawyers  had  turned  up.  One  would  have  been  expensive  enough,  but  two?
She  leant  forward.  “What  would  be  the  likely  price  to  pay?”  she  asked  the  two  experts.
“What  price  indeed?”  answered  the  other,  Daisy  Vetch.  “How  does  one  put  a  price  on  something  so  rare  that  there  are  now  only  five  of  them  left  in  the  whole  world?”
“Yes,  but  how  much?”  insisted  Maddy.
“Probably  as  much  as  you  have.”  answered  Daisy.
Maddy  paled  at  the  thought  of  all  that  wealth  leaking  away,  and  there  was  a  prolonged  silence,  while  all  in  the  chamber  contemplated  those  awful  words.
“Of  course,  they  may  insist  on  a  more  physical  judgement,  and  that  would  lessen  the  monetary  aspect  of  it.”
Maddy’s  face  brightened,  but  Polly  winced  and  seemed   to  shrink  a  little  before  their  eyes.  She  looked  at  Dotty,  who’s  broken  hand  was  strapped  to  a  board,  and  her  face  still  resembling  a  disaster  area.  She  hadn’t  spoken  or  shown  any  emotion  since  the  meeting  had  begun.  Dotty  had  accepted  that  she  was  living  on  borrowed  time,  and  had  retreated  mentally  to  a  safer  place.
“What  forms  of  physical  judgement  are  there?”  asked  Polly.  “Are  there  any  alternatives?”
Millie  and  Daisy  whispered  together  again  and  turned  several  pages  of  the  manuscript  over.  Finally,  Daisy  looked  up  and  cleared  her  throat.  “Usually,  this  will  take  the  form  of  a  duel,  between  defendant  and  accuser.”  She  looked  at  Dotty.  “In  this  case,  given  the  defendants  condition,  they  will  probably  allow  a  champion  to  take  part  as  well.”
“What  about  weapons?”  whispered  Polly.
Another  muted  conversation  and  more  page  turning.
Millie  answered,  “there  are  no  clear  guidelines.  In  the  case  of  Nancy  Tribble  against  Amanda  Proudlove,  they  started  with  garden  spades,  but  Tribble  was  eventually  beaten  to  death  with  a  sack  of  potatoes.  It  would  seem  that  anything  could  be  allowed.”
Polly  leant  forward  and  rested  her  head  on  her  arms  on  the  table.  She  screwed  her  eyes  shut  but  didn’t  cry.  Like  Dotty,  she  knew  that  she  was  going  to  die.
The  meeting  broke  up,  and  the  lawgivers,  happy  that  they  were  earning  their  exorbitant  fees  easily,  returned  to  the  airy  apartment  on  the  top  floor  of  the  council  building.
“Any  chance  that  we  can  buy  them  off  Maddy?”
Maddy  shook  her  head.  “Sorry  Poll.  Homesteaders  are  yokels.  Don’t  love  money  like  we  do.  It’s  all  about  honour  and  sisterly  love  over  there.  You  and  Dotty’ll  have  to  do  it  the  hard  way.”
Dotty  just  sat  there,  in  a  world  of  her  own,  and  Polly  shuddered  at  the  thought  of  Sylvia  with  a  sword  bearing  down  on  them  both.  Then  the  outer  door  burst  open,  and  the  sound  of  an  excited  crowd  drifted  into  the  room.
“Maddy,  quick.  You’ve  never  seen  anything  like  it.”
Maddy  scowled  at the  interruption,  “what  are  you  going  on  about  girl.”
“Visitors,  Maddy,”  exclaimed  Shelly  Sparrow,  the  door  guard.  “Foreign  visitors.”
She  could  say  no  more,  as  she  was  roughly  pushed  to  one  side  by  a  warrior  dressed  all  in  red,  followed  immediately  by  another  all  in  blue.  Their  shimmering  robes  swept  the  ground  and  were  fastened  at  the  waist  by  sword  belts  bearing  gleaming  scimitars.  They  both  wore  half  face  helmets  of  bronze,  with  a  crest  of  bright  feathers,  and  they  carried  small  shields  with  polished  copper  bosses  engraved  with  dragonlike  creatures.  As  they  moved  left  and  right  into  the  room,  a  third,  dressed  similarly  but  all  in  green  followed  them  and  stood  before  the  long  table.
“All  rise,”  she  bellowed,  “for  the  princess  Florabel  of  Alacant  and  San  Wan.”
The  mystified  audience  were  already  standing  and  gazed  open  mouthed  as  the  princess  entered,  followed  by  Tina  Flake  and  four  of  her  guards.  The  princess  was  a  big  girl,  a  very  big  girl  and  dressed  rather  plainly  in  robes  of  white  linen  with  blue  edging.  Only  the  jewels  she  wore  marked  her  as  something  special.
“Chair,”  the  herald  said  loudly.  “Chair  for  her  highness,”  she  repeated  irritably.
Polly  nearly  fell  over  her  own  feet  as  she  scrambled  to  move  her  chair  for  the  princess.
The  princess  of  Alacant  and  San  Wan  sat.
“Knees,”  whispered  Tanya,  bending  low  and  adjusting  Marco’s  gown.  “Put  your  bloody  knees  together.”
“So  far  so  good”,  thought  Tanya.  They  hadn’t  seen  anyone  familiar  yet,  and  the  helmets  covered  part  of  their  faces  anyway.
Maddy  wrung  her  hands  together  and  made  a  small  bow  in  the  princess’s  direction.  “May  I  say  what  an  honour  this  is,  to  be  blessed  by  the  presence  of  your  royal  highness.”  She  had  heard  of  Alacant,  of  course,  but  all  reports  had  said  that  it  was  deserted  and  derelict.
The  princess  smiled  and  idly  waved  a  gloved  hand.  The  smile  went  unnoticed  as  Marco’s  face  was  covered  with  a  veil.
“The  princess  has  taken  a  vow  of  silence  for  the  extent  of  this  pilgrimage,”  announced  Tanya.  “I  will  speak  with  the  voice  of  the  throne  of  Alacant.”
All  this  was  heady  stuff  for  Maddy.  Shelly  was  right.  Nothing  like  this  had  ever  been  seen  in  the  region  before.  And  probably  never  would  again.
“May  one  enquire  what  the  princess’s  needs  are  at  this  time?”  She  had  done  a  quick  assessment  of  the  situation,  and  figured  that  the  princess  was  wearing  jewellery  worth  more  than  the  whole  of  Ibis’s  treasury.
“The  princess  is  on  an  extended  pilgrimage,  and  requires  a  private  residence  without  the  city  walls,  for  a  period  not  yet  determined.”
Calling  Ibis  a  ‘city’  pleased  Maddy  enormously,  especially  as  Central’s  Prima,  Tina  Flake  was  standing  there.  Like  everyone  else,  Tina  was  struggling  to  come  to  terms  with  the  presence  of  such  wealth.  Not  only  that.  These  people  were  so  bright.  It  just  wasn’t  possible  to  make  colours  like  these  any  more.
“Err,  there  are  several  homes  available  in  the,  er  city,”  Maddy  said  slowly,  “but  I  can’t  think  of  anywhere  suitable  outside  the  walls.”
“There  is  a  walled  farm  to  the  East,”  Tanya  stated  firmly.  “We  shall  move  in  there.”
Maddy’s  jaw  dropped.  “But  that’s  my  family’s  estate,”  she  whined.  “I  can’t  really  leave  the  orchards  and  livestock  unattended.”
“This  is  not  a  permanent  move  for  her  highness,  and  it  could  be  the  start  of  a  valuable  alliance  between  Ibis  and  the  South.”  Tanya  watched  Maddy’s  face  and  decided  to  go  the  whole  distance  now.  “There  would  of  course  be  some  compensation  for  you  and  the  city.”  She  waved  forward  the  blue  warrior,  who  came  to  the  table  with  a  small  box.
Maddy’s  eyes  widened  as  the  box  was  opened,  and  a  glittering  collection  of  rings,  brooches  and  bangles  was  tipped  out  onto  the  table.
“Of  course,”  said  Maddy,  all  smiles  now,  “I’ll  make  arrangements  for  you  immediately.
She  started  to  scoop  the  shining  pile  back  into  the  box,  but  the  red  warrior  suddenly  started  forward.
“No!”  she  exclaimed,  and  the  other  warriors  looked  at  her  in  surprise.  “The  princess  cannot  surrender  her  box.  It  was  a  gift  from  her  mother,  the  queen  of  Sutherland.”
There  was  a  brief  pause  while  Tanya  came  to  terms  with  Pansy’s  sudden  change  in  the  plan.  “Indeed,”  she  announced.  “The  box  is  a  sacred  relic  from  the  err,  valley  wars  and  must  be  returned  to  Sutherland  every  two  years.  To,  err,  ensure  the  chocolate  harvest.”
She  was  ad-libbing  furiously,  and  hoped  that  there  were  no  more  surprises  in  store.
Maddy’s  brain  had  been  whirling  for  several  minutes  now.  She  smiled  and  nodded  wisely.  “To  conclude  this  part  of  the  alliance,”  she  said,  “you  shall  take  possession  of  Toogood  Farm,  for  an  indeterminate  period,  and  we  shall  supply  you  with  servants  to  look  after  your  needs.”
Tanya  was  mortified.  “That  won’t  be  necessary,”  she  said  hurriedly.
“Ah  but  it  is,”  insisted  Maddy,  “we  will  send  the  Sharp  family  to  you.  They  are  looking  for  alternative  employment  at  the  moment,  and  I’m  sure  that  they  will  fill  your  every  need.  No  matter  how  small.”
Ibis’s  Prima  would  not  be  swayed  on  her  decision.  She  had  managed  to  move  the  problem  of  Dotty’s  impending  doom  onto  the  princess  of  Alacant.  If  Homestead  wanted  Dotty,  then  under  what  passed  for  employment  laws,  they  would  have  to  take  issue  with  the  princess.  Then  that  interfering  Nesbitt  woman  would  get  a  nasty  shock  when  the  swords  of  Alacant  and  San  Wan  came  over  the  hill.
Toogood  Farm
Toogood  farm  was  like  a  miniature  castle,  and  Flossie  slammed  the  huge  gate  shut  as  the  last  of  Maddy’s  relatives  went  out  of  the  farmyard.  She  dropped  the  locking  bar  and  went  to  join  the  others,  removing  her  helmet  as  she  went.  “These  are  rubbish.  They  look  good,  but  they’re  damned  uncomfortable  to  wear.  My  ears  will  never  be  the  same  again.”
Tanya  had  other  things  on  her  mind.  “You  nearly  dropped  us  in  the  deep  stuff  there  Pansy.  What  did  you  do  that  for?”
“Never  saw  the  box  empty  before.  Did  you  see  the  bottom  of  it?  It’s  shaped,  and  I  think  it’s  my  trumpet’s  shape  at  that.”
“So  you  nearly  messed  it  all  up  for  a  box  to  put  your  precious  horn  in?”
Pansy  was  taken  back  by  her  friends  anger,  but  snapped  back  at  her.  “Yes  it’s  precious,  you  know  it  is,  and  you  should  know  that  precious  things  need  precious  care.  Sword,  scabbard.  That  sort  of  thing.”
Tanya  could  relate  to  sword  and  scabbard,  so  relented.  “Sorry  Pan.  You’re  probably  right.  No  harm  done,  we’re  safe  now.”
There  was  a  banging  at  the  gate,  and  Tanya  looked  at  it  in  frustration.
“We’ve  got  to  keep  Marco  out  of  sight  for  a  while.  Tell  them  we’re  not  ready  yet  Floss,  tell  them  to  wait.  Come  on  Pan,  we’ll  get  Marco  settled  in  somewhere  safe.”
They  went  their  separate  ways,  Pansy,  Marco  and  Tanya  heading  for  the  two  storey  house,  Flossie  climbing  the  short  staircase  to  the  walls  ramparts.
There  were  five  people  standing  outside.
“You  can’t  come  in  yet,”  she  shouted  down  to  them.  “Come  back  later.”
The  group  looked  up  and  then  at  each  other.  They  retreated  several  paces  to  ease  their  aching  necks  and  then  one  spoke  up.  “We’ve  come  a  long  way  today  mistress,  only  want  a  drink  of  fresh  water  and  somewhere  cool  to  sit  a  while.”
“Don’t  be  silly,  woman,”  retorted  Flossie,  “you’ve  only  come  from  Ibis,  just  over  the  hill.”  and  she  waved  her  hand  in  the  general  direction.
There  was  some  muttered  conversation  and  shrugging  of  shoulders,  then  the  spokeswoman  said,  “but  we’re  going  to  Ibis.  Come  from  Homestead  on  legal  matters.”
Flossie’s  brain  went  into  overtime  as  she  weighed  up  her  options.  She  looked  at  the  house,  but  there  was  no  sign  of  Tanya,  so  she  decided  to  take  the  offensive.  “Nobody  from  Homestead  allowed  inside  these  walls.  Or  anywhere  near  these  walls  if  it  comes  to  that.  You’re  all  murderous  scum,  now  be  off  with  you  before  I  set  the  dogs  loose.”
She  wasn’t  sure  whether  the  ancient,  mangy  mongrels  she  had  seen  about  the  place  were  capable  of  frightening  anyone  away,  but  it  sounded  good.
“Why  do  we  deserve  this?”  asked  another.  “The  war’s  been  over  for  a  year  now.  We’ve  been  good  neighbours  with  you  since  then.”
“I  know  what  you’re  up  to,  and  it’ll  do  you  no  good,”  shouted  Flossie,  getting  into  full  stride  now.  “Any  more  of  your  lip  and  I’ll  come  down  there  myself,  now  begone.”
She  left  the  rampart  and  ran  back  to  the  house,  where  she  met  Tanya  in  the  doorway.
“What’s  all  the shouting  for  Floss?”
“Rabble  from  Homestead.  Told  them  to  sod  off.”
“Come  on,  lets  have  a  look  at  them  before  they  get  too  far  away.”
Back  on  the  wall  over  the  gate,  they  saw  that  the  party  from  Homestead  were  only  a  hundred  paces  away  and  walking  slowly. Tanya  recognised  them  all.  Julie  and  Terri  Brand,  Max  Ward,  Ivy  Tulip  and  Margaret  Valence.  It  was  too  much  for  Tanya  to  bear.
“Murdering  Margaret,”  she  whispered,  and  took  Flossie’s  bow  from  her.  “Murderer,”  she  yelled,  and  as  the  Homesteaders  turned  to  look  back  at  her,  she  loosed  the  arrow.  She  had  aimed  at  Margaret’s  legs  in  return  for  Marco’s  wound,  but  the  arrow  stuck  harmlessly  in  the  ground  between  her  feet.  “Damn,”  exclaimed  Tanya,  “missed.”
Ivy  quickly  had  an  arrow  notched  and  let  it  fly.  Tanya  half  closed  her  eyes  and  felt  her  chest  muscles  contract,  as  she  watched  the  arrow  come  directly  at  her  and  expected  to  feel  it  strike  home,  but  then  it  veered  slightly  and  passed  between  her  and  Flossie.
She  stood  there  and  watched  as  the  five  Homesteaders  debated  briefly  what  to  do,  before  continuing  on  their  way  towards  Ibis.
“Bit  rash,  weren’t  you?”  Said  Flossie.  “I  wouldn’t  have  done  that.”
“Couldn’t  help  it,”  replied  Tanya,   troubled  by  her  brush  with  death.  “Had  to  do  it.”
“Well  don’t  do  it  again  Tanya  Vine,”  warned  Flossie,  “we  need  you  too  much.”
Tanya  looked  suddenly  at  Flossie.  The  woman  standing  beside  her  bore  little  resemblance  to  the  pathetic  creature  that  they  had  found  only  four  weeks  ago.  The  half  starved,  half  naked  and  grovelling  outcast  had  gone.  Here  stood  a  warrior,  confident  that  she  was  going  to  make  an  important  contribution  to  her  new  family,  and  happy  in  the  company  of  good  friends  who  she  knew  wouldn’t  let  her  down.
Tanya  was  feeling  pleased  that  she  was  needed  by  someone,  so  she  smiled  as  she  said,  “come  on  Floss,  let’s  get  out  of  these ridiculous  clothes.”
Back  in  the  house,  they  had  rid  themselves  of  the  flowing  robes  and  polished  armour,  and  were  now  clad  in  their  more  normal  trousers  and  shirts.  They  sat  on  the  bed  in  what  was  going  to  be  the  ‘princess’s’  bedroom,  and  out  of  bounds  to  the  servants.
“How  are  we  going  to  manage  with  strangers  wandering  about  the  place,”  complained  Marco.  “For  me  it’ll  be  like  being  in  prison.”
“Didn’t  expect  it,  that’s  for  sure,”  answered  Tanya,  “but  as  soon  as  it’s  safe,  the  princess  will  leave,  and  Marco  will  come  back.  Probably.”
“How  long  do  you  think  Tan?”  asked  Pansy
“Long  as  it  takes  love.  Six  weeks,  twelve  weeks.  Who  knows.”
“Twelve  weeks  locked  in  a  bedroom,”  wailed  Marco.  “That’s  a  lifetime.”
“Don’t  worry,”  said  Flossie  reassuringly,  “I’ll  visit  you.  From  time  to  time.”
“Thought  you  would,”  retorted  Pansy.  “Anyway,  I  don’t  mind.  I  kissed  him  again  when  you  were  on  the  wall.”  She  raised  her  eyebrows  at  the  sight  of  Flossie  and  Tanya’s  faces.  “And  why  should  I  not.  He’s  mine  as  well  as  yours.  Aren’t  you  Marco  dearest?”
Marco  smiled.  “We’re  just  one  big  happy  family.”
Shouting  from  outside  the  gate  interrupted  the  argument  before  it  could  get  started.
“Come  on  girls,”  sighed  Tanya,  “let’s  go  see  if  this  is  the  hired  help.”

After  first  making  sure  that  the  Homesteaders  hadn’t  returned,  the  gate  was  opened  to  let  in  the  servants  assigned  to  them  by  Maddy.  It  was  a  surprise  to  say  the  least.
Just  to  be  on  the  safe  side,  Maddy  had  sent  over  Dotty  and  all  her  relations.  Dotty’s  mother,  Edna,  her  older  sisters,  Evelyn  and  Annie,  and  their  four  daughters,  Caroline,  Marianne,  Lilibet  and Molli  made  up  the  Sharps.  Polly  was  accompanied  by  her  sister  Sarah,  and  their  mother,  Doris.  Sarah’s  only  daughter,  Sasha,  was  eleven,  which  had  made  her  the  youngest  girl  in  the  world,  before  the  new  births  in  Homestead.
The  Sharps  and  the  Juggs  were  out  of  Maddy’s  way,  and  were,  as  far  as  she  was  concerned,  Alacant’s  problem.  And  she  was  making  a  profit  on  leasing  out  the  farmstead.
“Flaming  seesaws,”  whispered  Flossie  to  Pansy  as  the  assorted  women  and  girls  trailed  past  them  into  the  yard.  “didn’t  know  that  royalty  needed  this  much  looking  after.”
Pansy  frowned.  “There’s  something  odd  going  on  here.”  She  drew  Flossie’s  attention  to  Dotty,  with  her  splinted  hand  and  ravaged  face.  “What  use  will  she  be?”
After  two  hours  of  chaos,  things  settled  down  as  everyone  found  their  place  in  the  pecking  order,  and  calm  descended  once  more  to  Toogood  farm.  The  entire  top  floor  had  been  declared  off  limits  to  the  servants,  and  Marco  took  his  tea,  and  then  his  supper  in  the  bedroom,  delivered  to  him  by  Pansy.  Despite  the  house  being  larger  than  their  needs,  Tanya  insisted  that  all  twelve  of  the  servants  bedded  down  in  the  cottage  across  the  yard,  and  Marco  was  given  the  freedom  of  the  house  until  the  morning.

For  four  days,  all  seemed  to  be  going  well.  Then  there  was  an  unwelcome  visitor.
Tina  Flake  arrived  with  two  of  her  troop,  and  bad  news  from  Ibis.
“The  princess  Florabel  is  required  to  attend  high  council  at  Ibis,  in  relation  to  a  serious  crime,  allegedly  committed  by  one  of  her  servants.”
“What  rubbish  is  this?”  demanded  Tanya.  “The  princess  answers  to  no  one  in  this  country.  Especially  if  it’s  anything  to  do  with  those  scum  from  Homestead.”
“Those  scum  are  camped  outside  the  walls  of  Ibis,  with  an  army  of  more  than  seventy  warriors  and  wardogs.”  Tina  answered.  “And  there’s  going  to  be  trouble  if  the  lawyers  can’t  sort  it  out  between  themselves.  We  need  your  attendance.”
Tanya  went  silent  and  thought  furiously.  She  would  have  to  go  with  Tina,  but  knew  that  she  couldn’t  fool  the  dog  soldiers,  so  she  would  have  to  pray  for  a  miracle.  Whatever  happened,  she  thought,  she  was  determined  not  to  go  back  to  a  life  of  drudgery  in  Homestead.
She  informed  the  others  of  her  intentions  as  she  dressed  for  the  part  of  princess’s  herald  again.  On  top  of  her  undershirt,  she  wore  the  silver  mail,  covered  by  the  green  robes.
She  didn’t  bother  with  a  bow,  but  took  five  of  her  knives  and  the  sword  she  had  found  in  Deerward  tower.  She  topped  off  the  ensemble  with  leather  boots  and  wrist  guards,  the  half  helmet  and  the  copper  shield.  Just  for  good  measure,  she  pushed  the  snake  bracelet  high  up  onto  her  left  arm.  Outside,  she  found  that  Tina  and  her  guards  had  already  gone,  taking  Dotty  with  them,  so  she  set  off  for  Ibis  on  her  own.
The  law  is  a  goat
The  council  chamber  was  noisy  until  Millie  Storm  banged  her  gavel  on  the  table  top.
Maddy  winced,  it  had  taken  years  to  perfect  it’s  finish,  and  it  had  cost  her  dear.
“Are  all  interested  parties  in  attendance?”  Millie  looked  pointedly  round  the  room.  There  was  an  empty  chair.
“Begging  your  pardon  madam,”  said  Shelly,  who  was  trying  to act  as  usher,  “but  the  princess  Florabel  hasn’t  turned  up  yet.”  She  attempted  to  curtsy  again,  and  decided  it  wasn’t  worth  the  bother.  Stupid  tradition  anyway.
“Can  we  begin  the  proceedings  without  her?”  Millie  asked  her  fellows  at  the  table.
Daisy  Vetch  nodded  and  looked  to  her  left.  Connie  Nesbitt  sniffed.
“Begin,”  she  said  simply.  She  was  worried.  She  felt  that  something  wasn’t  right  here.
Millie  began.  “Who  is  the  complainant?”
Margaret  stood  up.  She  and  Sylvia  had  decided  that  she  alone  should  bring  the  charge.
Millie  looked  down  her  nose  at  her.  “Yokel”,  she  thought.  “Defendant?”  she  said.
Dotty  stood  up  unsteadily.  She  had  been  unnerved  by  meeting  Sylvia  and  Margaret  again.
“Tell  me,  child.  Did  you  or  did  you  not,  shoot  an  arrow  at  the  man,  known  as  Marco.”
“Well  your  honour,  didn’t  know  he  was  called  Marco,  did  I.”
“But  did  you  shoot  him?”
“Well  your  honour,  didn’t  rightly  know  he  was  a  man  either.”
“Explain.”
“Thought  it  was  a  tree  beast,  come  to  get  us  again.”
“Again?”
“Thought  it  was  a  tree  beast,...”
“No!”  Millie  stopped  her  angrily.  “It  came  to  get  you  again?”
“Oh,  yes.  It  were  at  Ashers  Farm.  It  were  evil.  Had  horns  on  it’s  head.”
Connie  Nesbitt  interrupted.  “Who  told  you  it  was  a  tree  beast?”
“Well,  nobody.  And  everybody  really.”
“Have  you  seen  a  picture  of  it  with  a  label  underneath  that  says  ‘this  is  a  tree  beast’?”
“Well,  no”
“And  if  your  mother  was  to  put  that  on,”  she  pointed  at  the  horned  helmet  on  the  table  in  front  of  her,  “would  she  be  a  tree  beast,  and  would  you  shoot  her?”
Dotty  put  on  her  famous  ‘I  don’t  know  what  you’re  going  on  about’  grin  and  shrugged  her  shoulders.
“But  you  did  shoot  him,  didn’t  you.”  suggested  Connie  gently.
Dotty  nodded.  “Yes,”  she  managed  to  say  in  a  small  voice.
Daisy  coughed  dramatically.  “Sit  down  girl,”  she  ordered,  then  shuffled  her  papers  and  looked  at  Margaret.  “Now,  Margret  of  Valens,   when  did  you  last  see  the  man  known  as  Marco?”
“We  had  breakfast  that  morning,  and  he  was  looking  forward  to  seeing  Ibis,  and  wanted  to  be  on  the  way.  I  remember  he  said  that  he  was  keen  to  go,  and  I  told  him  not  to  leave  yet,  because  we’re  weren’t  ready  for  him.  We  finished  breakfast,  me  and  Sylvia,  and  saw  that  he  was  missing.”
“So  he  disobeyed  your  command  to  stay?”  Daisy  looked  sideways  at  Connie  and  Millie.
Margaret  frowned.  “Well,  yes.  I  suppose  he  did.”
“Any  questions?”  Daisy  asked  her  peers.
They  shook  their  heads.  There  had  never  been  such  a  clear  cut  case  before.
“I  speak  on  behalf  of  the  Court  of  Final  Appeal,  and  the  findings  are  thus.”  She  looked  once  more  at  the  others,  but  as  they  had  they  had  already  reached  agreement  in  their  private  rooms,  there  was  no  attempt  to  interrupt.  “The  woman  Dotty  Sharp  did  unlawfully  kill  the  man  known  as  Marco,  but  that  there  was  negligence  upon  the  part  of  his  keeper,  one  Margret  of  Valens.  As  is  custom,  We  have  already  negotiated  a  blood  price,  which  in  this  instance,  given  the  nature  of  the  deceased...”  She  skimmed  through  the  pile  of  paper  again,  “…is  the  sum  of  ten  kilos  of  copper.”  A  loud  murmuring  broke  out  in  the  watching  crowd.  “Or,”  Daisy  raised  her  voice,  “fifteen  kilos  of  good  steel.”  There  was  uproar  in  the  room  as  the  numbers  registered  with  the  listeners.  Such  a  penalty  was  unheard  of.  Nobody  had  ever  been  worth  that  much.
“The  defendant  will  also  engage  in  a  feat  of  arms  with  the  complainant.”
A  collective  sigh  came  from  the  watching  crowd.
“The  blood  price  will  be  lowered  with  each  entrant  in  this  engagement.  Dotty  Sharp,  you,  and  as  many  of  your  companions  who  are  willing,  will  meet  in  arms  against  Margret  of  Valens,  with  an  equal  number  of  her  fellows.”
She  addressed  Maddy  Toogood.  “Can  the  city  meet  the  blood  price?”  she asked.
Maddy  smiled  and  spread  her  hands  apologetically.  “With  regret,  I  beg  to  inform  your  honours  that  Dotty  Sharp  and  her  family  are  now  working  and  residing  under  the  protection  of  the  princess  of  Alacant  and  San  Wan.  Therefore…”  she  had  to  raise  her  voice  to  make  herself  heard  above  the  sudden  exclamations  from  the  watching  throng.  “Therefore,  it  is  to  Alacant  that  Homestead  must  make  it’s  claims.”
She  sat  down  in  triumph.  Connie  Nesbitt  was  about  to  launch  into  a  scathing  attack,  when  the  crowd  outside  could  be  heard  cheering.  The  noise  swelled  and suddenly  grew  louder  as  the  doors  flew  open.

Tanya  had  found  it  necessary  to  take  a  lengthy  detour  to  avoid  the  wardogs,  who  knew  her  better  than  anyone  suspected,  and  she  was  fashionably  late.  She  strutted  into  the  room  and  marched  straight  up  to  Margaret,  who  suddenly  found  herself  sitting  on  the  floor,  dazed  and  rubbing  her  ear,  wondering  what  had  hit  her.
Tanya  pointed  an  accusing  finger  at  Margaret.  “Margaret  Valence,”  shouted  Tanya,  “I  accuse  you  of  the  attempted  murder  of  Marco,  son  of  Firestorm,  and  whether  this  court  will  listen  or  no,  I  will  meet  you  on  the  battlefield  and  wring  the  life  from  your  miserable  body.”
“What’s  the  meaning  of  this?”  screamed  Millie.
“Who  are  you  to  interrupt  these  proceedings?”  screeched  Daisy.
“Tanya  Vine,  We’ve  been  looking  all  over  for  you  and  Pansy,”  said  Connie  gently.  “Where  have  you  been  girl.”
Tanya  sneered  at  her.  “Don’t  you  ‘girl’  me,  Connie  Nesbitt.  I  know  you  too  well.  It’s  back  to  being  everybody’s  skivvy  in  The  Vine  and  good  thrashings  you’ve  got  in  mind,  I’ve  no  doubt.  Try  it  now   if  you  like.”  She  turned  as  Sylvia  rose  from  her  chair  at  last.  “And  you  can  sit  down  Sylvie  swift  sword.  I’m  not  frightened  of  you  any  more  either.”
Something  in  the  back  of  Sylvia’s  mind  warned  her  that  the  time  for  action  was  not  here  yet,  so  she  decided  to  be  only  a  spectator,  and  sat  again.
“Wait.”  Shouted  Millie.  “Attempted  murder?”  she  queried.
“Correct  your  majesty,”  answered  Tanya.  “We  fished  him  out  of  the  river  and  nursed  him  back  to  health  again.”  She  couldn’t  understand  the  sudden  hush  that  fell.  “Patched  him  up  and  tended  his  needs.”  She  blushed  at  the  thought  of  Flossie  tending  him.  “He  told  us  that  Margaret  sent  him  into  a  trap.  He  had  a  hole  in  his  leg  where  he  was  stuck  by  an  arrow.”  She  frowned,  looking  round  the  faces  watching  her  with  mouths  agape.  She  slowed  down.  “And  Pansy  heard  Margaret  threaten  to  murder  him  four  weeks  before  that  in  The  Vine.”
“No  Tan,”  said  Margaret  quietly,  through  bruised  lips.  “I’d  never  do  that.  He’s  precious  to  me.  I  love  him.  You  know  I  do.”
Tanya  looked  into  Margaret’s  eyes  and  suddenly  realised  that  she’d  been  wrong.
She  lifted  the  helmet  from  her  head,  and  dropped  it  on  the  floor.  “Oh  chiggers!  Messed  it  up,  haven’t  I.”
Dotty’s  plaintive  voice  cut  through  the  ensuing  silence  like  a  knife.  “If  he’s  still  alive,  then  I  don’t  have  to  die.  Do  I?”
Millie  held  her  hand  up.  “Judgement  has  been  passed.”
Daisy  continued.  “The  law  must  be  upheld.”
Connie  Nesbitt  stood  up.  “To  hell  with  the  judgement,  we  don’t  need  law  here.  We  want  justice.  Case  dismissed.”  She  turned  to  the  two  disgruntled  lawgivers.  “Sort  it  out,”  she  ordered,  “there’ll  be  no  more  blood  shed  over  this  affair.  I  know  you  can  make  the  paperwork  right,  so  do  it.”
There  are  expenses  to  consider,”  interjected  Millie.
“She’ll  pay,”  said  the  wise  guru  pointing  at  Ibis’s  Prima.  “Got  a  fortune  stashed  away,  that  one  has.”
Maddy  jumped  to  her  feet.  “But  Dotty  belongs  to  Alacant  now,”  she  blustered.
Ma  Nesbitt  gave  her  one  of  her  ‘looks’,  “Alacant?”  she  mused,  rubbing  her  chin.  “No  such  place,”  she  stated.  “You  must  be  losing  your  touch,  Maddy  Toogood,  falling  for  that.”
She  moved  round  the  table  and  put  her  arm  round  Tanya.  “Come  on  lass.  Lets  go  somewhere  quiet.  We  need  to  have  a  chat.”
The  history  lesson
The  meaning  of  the  ostrich’s  words  weren’t  clear  to  the  humans,  but  Flair  and  her  sons,  Flame  and  Sandal  started  snatching  things  up  ready  to  leave  the  camp.  Jade  slowed  them  down  enough  to  understand  what  was  happening,  then  opened  the  Never  Look  Back,  using  the  code  given  to  her  by  Denny.  There  were  ten  frantic  minutes  while  everything  they  couldn’t  carry  was  packed  into  the  time  machine’s  hold  by  Sali  and  the  dogs,  while  Jade  sat  in  the  pilot’s  chair.
“I  know  that  Caren  told  you  to  shut  everything  down,  but  the  dogs  are  leaving,  you’ll  be  defenceless.”
“HOW  LONG  DO  YOU  EXPECT  TO  BE  AWAY?”
“Don’t  rightly  know  yet,  how  long  can  you  keep  your  shields  up?”
“252  HOURS  MAXIMUM.  LESS  IF  I  HAVE  TO  GO  INTO  AGGRESSION  MODE,  THEN  THE  NEW  CELL  HAS  TO  BE  FITTED.”
“Can  you  do  it  yourself,  or  do  you  need  Caren?”
“CAREN  OR  DENNY,  OR  POSSIBLY  RICARDO  MAY  UNDERSTAND.”
“OK,  do  it  as  soon  as  the  door’s  closed,  and  we’ll  be  back  as  soon  as  possible.”
“YES  JADE.  THERE  IS  A  MESSAGE  FOR  MARGARET.  HOOD  HAS  NOW  LEFT  VALENCIA  ON  A  GRAND  ADVENTURE  AND  DOES  NOT  KNOW  WHEN  SHE  WILL  RETURN.”
“Did  she  say  what  sort  of  adventure?”
“NO,  BUT  SHE  SAID  THAT  SHE  WILL  HAVE  THE  TIME  OF  HER  LIFE.”
She  started  to  rise  from  the  chair.  “JADE?”
She  turned  back,  “Yes  Never?”
“WHAT  DO  YOU  GET  IF  YOU  CROSS  A  SHEEP  WITH  A  KANGAROO?”
“What’s  a  kangaroo?”
“I  DON’T  KNOW  JADE,  BUT  HOOD  SAYS  THAT  IT’S  VERY  AMUSING.”
As  she  left  the  cave,  Never  powered  up  it’s  microwave  defence  network,  then  proceeded  to  try  and  work  out  what  sheep  and  mythical  kangaroos  had  to  do  with  exotic  clothing.

The  mixed  group  got  back  to  Homestead  in  record  time,  collecting  the  fourteen  young  dogs  that  were  huddled  together  disconsolately  opposite  the  East  gate,  on  the  wood’s  side  of  the  shallow  ford.  While  Sali  and  Jade  ran  towards  the  Vine,  and  Cilla  with  her  three  ‘beakies’  strutted  imperiously  across  the  green,  the  wardogs  slunk  inside  and  tried  not  to  look  at  the  walls.
“Sali,  you  get  the  sun  raised,  I’m  going  to  see  Frankie,”  and  Jade  kept  going  to  the  taverna  while  Sali  entered  the  chapel.  She  emerged  onto  the  roof  and  proceeded  to  hoist  the  bright  red  ‘come  now’  flag,  which  had  a  yellow  sun  in  the  centre.
They  had  decided  on  this  design  for  an  emergency  call  signal  because  the  wardogs  weren’t  too  sure  what  the  word  red  actually  meant.
Jade  burst  into  the  Vine,  “Frankie,  we’re  in  trouble,  there’s  a  pack  of  weird  wolfs  coming  down  from  the  North,  and  the  dogs  are  going  to  run.”

All  that  afternoon,  there  was  a  steady  trickle  of  dog  folk  and  humans  coming  into  the  village  in  response  to  the  signal  flag,  and  it  was  about  mid  afternoon  that  the  hard  core  of  decision  makers  sat  at  the  tables  outside  The  Vine.  The  wardogs  weren’t  happy,  and  not  just  because  of  the  walls.
Their  past  was  catching  up  with  them  at  a   tremendous  rate  of  knots.
“Stop  baring  your  teeth  like  that,”  said  Flair  forcefully  to  Daggit,  who  was  struggling  to  keep  his  emotions  in  check.  “And  listen.”
She  turned  to  Cilla,  “carry  on  dear.”
Although  the  ostrich  was  sitting  on  the  grass,  she  still  looked  down  at  the  council  leaders  on  their  benches.
“As  I  was  saying,”  and  her  huge  right  eye  fixed  on  Daggit,  “we  were  all  raised  by  humans  in  the  Ruby  House,  and  they  did  bad  things  to  us.  Thought  they  owned  us,  because  they’d  made  us  like  we  are,  but  the  little  one,  human  girl  that  is,  let  us  all  out  and  told  us  to  be  gone  before  the  man  with  the  big  needle  came  again.”
Daggit’s  lips  curled  back  again  at  some  hint  of  race  memory.
“There  were  fourteen  of  us  got  to  the  wild  country,  and  for  a  while  we  stayed  together.  Till  we  reached  the  desert,  and  the  food  ran  out,  that  is.  That’s  when  there  was  a  little  spot  of  bother  and  we  split  up.  The  wolfs  headed  North,  I  went  West  and  the  dogs  came  South.”
“No  no  no,  wait  a  minute,”  interrupted  Denny,  “You  went  West?  How  old  are  you?”
“Probably  about  the  same  as  you,  dearie,  but  the  man  with  the  big  needle  made  us  all  different  you  see,  and  I’m  the  only  one  like  me.  This  is  my  34th  new  body.”
Her  audience  were  spellbound  by  the  revelation.
“When  I  start  to  wear  out,  I…  move  to  another,  younger  me.  It’s  very  complicated  and  I  was  a  lion  once,  by  accident  of  course,  but  I  shan’t  be  doing  that  again  in  a  hurry,  the  food’s  awful.  All  that  fur  to  keep  clean.”
“If  you’re  the  only  one,  then  your  children…?”  Denny’s  voice  trailed  off  in  confusion.
“Oh  they’re  mine.  I  lay  eggs,  and  sometimes  they  hatch,  and  grow  into  fine  girls,  but  they  don’t  talk  until  I  move  in.  Never  seen  a  male  ostrich  though,  it  just  happens.”
Inside  Denny’s  mind,  Robin  was  getting  excited,  “ask  her.  Go  on,  just  ask  her,  I  could  get  used  to  being  a  bird.”
“No  not  here,”  said  Denny  insistently,  and  as  all  eyes  turned  to  her,  she  realised  that  she’d  actually  spoken  the  words.  “Sorry,”  she  said  quickly,  “just  thinking  aloud.”
In  the  sudden  embarrassed  silence,  Frankie  spoke  up.
“What  was  the  bother  that  made  you  split  up?”
The  huge  eyes  looked  briefly  at  Flair,  then  Cilla  turned  back  to  Frankie.
“It’s  a  delicate  matter,  and  Flair  might  tell  you  about  it  one  day.”
It  was  Flairs  turn  to  bare  her  teeth  and  she  seemed  to  shrink  before  them  as  the  embarrassment  of  her  dead  ancestors  dreadful  misdeeds  came  back  to  haunt  her.
“What  about  the  wolfs,”  asked  Jade.
“There’s  about  twenty  of  them  and  they’re  not  nice  people  to  know.”  Cilla  replied.
Jade  frowned  as  she  said,  “surely  we  can  handle  twenty  wolfs,  can’t  we?”
“Ah  well,”  answered  Cilla,  there  are  twenty  that  can  talk,  but  they’ve  gathered  a  lot  more  of  their  wild  brothers,  and  they’re  eating  their  way  Southwards.”
“So  we’ll  have  to  move  the  cattle  and  goats,”  suggested  Lily.
“Not  just  them,”  Daggit  managed  to  say,  “they  kill  for  fun,  and  eat  people  as  well.”
Chapter  15
A  New  Beginning
Reunion
Doris  Jugg  paused,  and  put  down  her  basket  of  apples.  She  squinted  at  the  sight  of  movement  on  the  horizon,  narrowing  her  eyes  in  an  attempt  to  bring  the  distant  figures  into  focus.  As  they  grew  nearer,  her  eyes  grew  as  big  as  saucers,  and  her  face  was  a  mask  of  terror  as  she  recognised  the  moving  mass  as  dogs.  Dogs  walking  on  two  legs,  marching  three  abreast  down  the  track,  wearing  leather  armour  and  carrying  spears  and  round  shields.  She  had  heard  the  horror stories  from  the  survivors  of  the  battle  at  Ashers  field,  and  had  dismissed  them  as  fantasy,  but  her  opinion  of  the  stories  changed  instantly  as  the  dogs  started  howling.  It  was  a  drinking  song,  actually  quite  funny  and  very  rude,  but  they  sang  it  in  dog  speak,  not  Spanglish  so  that  they  didn’t  upset  Ma  Nesbitt  too  much.  The  fact  that  the  wily  guru  knew  the  words  in  both  Dog  and  Spanglish  was  lost  on  them,  so  they  sang  on,  not  knowing  that  she  was  quietly  singing  the  chorus  with  them.
The  effect  on  Doris  was  electrifying.  At  63  years  of  age,  she  was  Ibis’s  oldest  citizen,  and  she  intended  to  keep  it  that  way,  so  broke  into  a  shambling  trot  towards  the  gate.  The  nearer  to  the  gate  she  got,  the  faster  she  managed  to  run,  so  that  when  she  swept  into  the  farm  yard  scattering  hens  in  all  directions,  her  extended  family  looked  on  in  amazement.
“Close  the  gates,”  she  screeched,  “we’re  gonna  be  murdered!”
Women  and  girls  seemed to  be  running  in  every  direction  at  once,  but  after  three  chaotic  minutes,  the  gate  was  shut  and  barred,  and  the  Sharps  and  Juggs  were  on  the  wall  watching  the  approaching  army.  With  only  Polly  being  part  of  Ibis’s  regular  militia,  they  were  armed  with  whatever  they  could  find.
Through  necessity,  wood  axes  and  cleavers  were  the  main  weapons  of  choice,  but  Sarah  was  carrying  Polly’s  old  sword.  Pansy  and  Flossie  were  last  to  arrive,  but  like  Polly,  came  to  the  wall  ready  for  anything,  with  their  full  armour  and  shiny  shields.
“Steady  girls,”  yelled  a  small  voice,  “keep  calm.  We  can  kill  one  each  before  we  die.”
Pansy  leant  back  from  the  wall  and  craned  her  neck  to  see  who  was  doing  the  shouting.
“Who’s  that?”  she  asked  her  neighbour.
Caroline  looked  down  the  line.  “It’s  our  cousin,  Sasha.  Bit  of  a  drama  queen.”
Pansy  looked  again  at  Sasha.  She  was  waving  a  potato  knife  and  had  a  saucepan  on  her  head.  “How  old  is  she?”  she  asked  Caroline.
“Eleven,  I  think,”  was  the  reply.
Pansy  raised  her  head  to  survey  the  oncoming  troops.  There  were  warriors  coming  down  the  road  as  well  now,  but  they  were  just  strolling  along,  unlike  the  dogs  who  were  now  marching  past  the  orchard  fence  and  still  singing.
“Sasha,”  shouted  Pansy.
Sasha  turned.  “Come  here  girl,  I’ve  got  a  very  important  job  for  you.”
“Ready  captain,”  announced  Sasha  and  saluted,  clanging  the  knife  against  her  saucepan.
Pansy  winced.  She  had  to  get  rid  of  this  menace.  “Go  to  the  house  and  tell  Marco  to  get  down  here.”
“Who?”
Pansy  thought  a  moment.  “The  princess.  Princess  Florabel.”
“Not  allowed  in  the  house,”  answered  the  girl,  not  wanting  to  leave  the  wall.
“Do  it  now,  girl.  Or  I’ll  get  myself  a  stick  and  beat  you,”  Pansy  shouted  at  her,  and  instantly  regretted  it  as  Sasha’s  face  fell  and  she  shuffled  towards  the  stairway.
Pansy  caught  her  by  the  shoulder.  “This  is  important  Sasha,”  she  said  seriously.  “Perform  well  today,  and  I’ll  teach  you  how  to  be  a  real  soldier.”
Sasha’s  eyes  goggled  and  her  face  lit  up  with  a  broad  smile.  “Wow.  Really  captain?”
“Really,”  answered  Pansy  softly,  not  actually  knowing  how  to  be  proper  soldier  herself.  “Now  go  and  get  Marco,  or  the  princess,  whoever’s  there.”

The  wardogs  halted  and  howled  out  the  last  long  note  of  the  song.  The  farms  defenders  howled  and  screamed  right  back  at  them  and  Toldo,  the  dog’s  leader  for  the  expedition,  thought  this  was  high  praise  indeed,  so  turned  to  his  squad.
“All  right  lads,”  there  was  a  polite  cough.  “And  ladies,”  he  added  and  raised  his  right  hand.  “They  want  an  encore,  so  the  last  four  bars  of  ‘Whose  Turn  Is  It  Anyway’.  Ready…  and.”
He  brought  his  hand  down,  and  the  chorus  began  again.  In   Spanglish.
“Rather  you  than  me,  I  wouldn’t  know  what  to  do,  I’ll  save  the  sausage  for  laterrrrrr,…  and  wait  till  I  get  home!  GRRROWF”
It  was  better  in  Dog.  At  least  then  it  mostly  rhymed.  There  was  a  stunned  silence  from  the  wall.
“Ouch,”  yelped  Toldo  as  a  stone  bounced  off  his  helmet.  “That’s  not  funny,”  he  shouted  up  at  Lilibet  and  Molly,  who  were  preparing  to  throw  more  stones  at  him.  “At  least   they  only  throw  tomatoes  in  Homestead.”
Polly  stopped  her  trembling.  “What  the  hells  was  that  all  about?  Why  don’t  they  attack?”
She  got  no  answer  as  all  the  women  flinched  when  the  dogs  broke  into  a  mighty  cheering  at  the  sight  of  Marco.
“Marco,  Marco,  Marco,”  they  shouted,  as  the  hero  they  thought  was  lost  to  them  waved  from  the  wall.  Then  several  scuffles  broke  out  as  they  realised  that  the  lottery  they  had  run,  to  determine  who  would  serve  next  at  Marco’s  side,  was  still  valid.  The  farm’s  defenders  watched  open  mouthed  at  the  strange  scene  below  them.
“I  was  definitely  in  the  next  squad,”
“Were  you  heck  as  like,  you  lost  your  ticket  playing  dice  with  Sticker.”
“Well  I’m  running  with  the  mad  sod  anyway,  like  it  or not.”
“Who  says  so?”
“ME!”
“Yeah?  You  and  who’s  army?”
They  didn’t  actually  draw  knives,  but  when  the  tumult  settled  down,  there  were  several  dogs  sporting  black  eyes  and  bleeding  noses.  Shaking  his  head  at  the  mad  sight,  Marco  descended  the  stairs  again  and  opened  the  gate.
“Marco!  No”  yelled  Pansy.
“Marco!  Yes”  shouted  Flash.
Pansy  ran  down  the  stairs,  but  Sasha  was  faster.
Marco  and  Flash  were  hugging  just  outside  the  gates,  but  to  Sasha,  it  looked  like  murder.  She  screamed  her  defiance  and  leapt  to  Marco’s  defence.  “Leave  the  princess  alone.”  She  swung  the  potato  knife  with  all  her  might,  and  kicked  the  surprised  dog  in  the  shins.

Like  Sali  Vorden  and  Tanya  Vine,  she  became  an  instant  hero,  and  another  legend  in  the  dogs  history  was  born.  Many  generations  later,  the  blade  of  the  knife  that  broke  off  in  Flash’s  leather  kilt  became  a  sacred  relic.
With  so  many  reunions  to  celebrate,  the  party  around  the  farm  gate  went  on  until  after  midnight.  It  had  to  be  at  the  gate  because  the  dogs,  as usual,  had  set  up  camp  against  the  outside  of  the  wall.  Outside  was  OK,  but  to  be  on  the  inside  of  walls  was  a  definite  no  no.  Even  on  such  a  joyous  occasion  as  this,  the  dogs  irrational  fear  of  walls  and  doors  couldn’t  be  overcome.  This  didn’t  stop  them  enjoying  themselves,  and  none  of  them  was  happier  than  Flash,  who  insisted  on  showing  off  the  bruises  inflicted  on  him  by  ‘Sasha  of  the  deadly  shoes’.

There  was  a  quieter,  private  party  in  the  farmhouse,  where  Ma  Nesbitt  and  Sylvia  were  deep  in  discussion  with  Tanya,  Pansy  and  Flossie.
Explanations  were  given  on  both  sides  and  they  managed  to  unravel  all  the  unfortunate  misunderstandings  that  had  taken  place.
“All  that’s  past  is  forgotten  and  forgiven,”  said  Connie  in  her  wisdom,  “and  you  and  Pansy  will  come  back  to  Homestead  with  us  when  we’ve  settled  Marco  into  his  new  home,  with  Maddy  at  the  council  buildings.”  She  didn’t  understand  their  lack  of  enthusiasm.  “There’ll  be  no  more  talk  of  thrashings  and  the  like.  Not  now  you’re  so  grown  up.”
“Aye,  Connie,”  replied  Tanya,  and  the  guru’s  eyebrows  shot  up  at  Tanya’s  familiar  use  of  her  first  name.  “We’ve  come  of  age  in  the  last  few  weeks,  and  we  know  what  we  want  our  futures  to  be.”
“What  do  you  mean  girl?”
“We’re  staying  here  with  Marco.”
“Well,  I’m  sure  you  think  that  that’s  what  you  want,  but  you  can  see  that  your  place  is  in  The  Vine,  surely?”
Pansy  interrupted.  “You  don’t  see  the  point,  do  you?  This  whole  affair  has  been  one  mistake  after  another,  but  if  we  hadn’t  done  as  we  did.”  She  paused  for  dramatic  effect.  “Then  Marco  would  have  drowned.”  There  was  no  immediate  reply,  so  she  continued.  “Marco’s  one  of  us  now.  Me,  Tan  and  Floss  are  his  family.  We  belong  together.”
“But  he  was  promised  to  Ibis,”  Connie  blustered.
Tanya  was  ready  with  her  answer.  “Well  of  course,  the  Ibis  girls  can  come  here  to  work  on  the  farm,  and  as  they  help  out,”  she  waved  her  hands  vaguely,  “they  will  probably  get  to  know  Marco  a  little  better?”  She  sat  back  and  her  smile  was  angelic.
Pansy  butted  in.  “We  can’t  leave  him,  because  we  think  that  our  feet  were  guided  by  the  gods.”
“They  used  the  forces of  nature  to  send  us  to  Marco.”  Added  Flossie.  “And  we  can’t  refuse  our  destiny.”
Pansy  stood  up  and  raised  her  arms  heavenward.  “Lady  of  the  night,  we  thank  you  for  delivering  Marco  safely  into  our  hands,  and  we  vow  to  serve  him  as  best  we  may.  We  will  shed  our  blood  for  him,  and  will  protect  him  even  unto  the  last  breath  in  our  bodies.”  She  drew  a  small  knife  from  the  folds  of  her  robe  and  pricked  it’s  point  into  her  left  palm.  She  passed  the  knife  to  Flossie,  who  stood  and  did  the  same.  Then  Tanya  completed  the  simple  ritual  that  Pan  had  described  to  them  earlier.  They  put  their  bleeding  hands  together  and  their  combined  blood  dripped  onto  a  square  of  white  linen  that  Tanya  was  holding.  Sylvia  was  mystified  but  impressed  by  the  ceremony.  She  liked  Tanya  and  Pansy,  and  had  been  anxious  for  their  safety.  Connie  hadn’t  heard  of  any  ritual  like  that  before,  so  bit  off  the  scathing  words  she  had  been  about  to  say  about  uppity  girls.  Nobody  had  seen  the  blood  rite,  or  even  heard  of  it  before,  because  Pansy  had  made  it  up,  just  like  the  prophecy  of  ‘the  black  goat’.
Flossie  smiled  at  the  dumbstruck  Homesteaders.  “He  stays.  We  stay.  Here  in  this  house,  with  the  Sharps  and  Juggs  as  well.”
“How  are  you  going  to  persuade  Maddy  to  give  up  her  farm?”  asked  Sylvia.
“We’re  not,”  replied  Tanya.  “You  are.”
Birth  of  a  city
Maddy  finally  agreed  to  sell  the  farm  to  Tanya.  The  point  at  which  she  was  persuaded,  was  when  Connie  suggested  that  she  carefully  examine  the  baubles  that  she  had  accepted  from  ‘the  princess  of  Alacant’,  in  front  of  witnesses, for  the  rental  of  Toogood  Farm  for  an  indefinite  period.  Flossie  had  selected  the  jewellery  carefully.  Instead  of  gold,  everything  was  made  of  base  metal,  and  the  gems  were  only  coloured  glass.  Maddy  was  furious  that  she  had  been  tricked  by  three  girls  and  a  man  dressed  up  in  women’s  clothing,  but  Connie  just  sat  and  smiled  until  her  fury  had  passed.  Then  she  handed  over  the  chain  and  medallion  that  Marco  had  been  wearing  when  Maddy  first  saw  him.
“What’s  this  then?  More  brass?”  sneered  Maddy.
“No,  it’s  all  gold,  but  look  at  it  carefully  dear,”  said  Connie  softly,  “look  at  the  medal.”
Maddy  turned  over  the  medallion  and  shrugged  her  shoulders.  “It’s  a  bird.”
“Not  just  any  old  bird.”  The  guru  paused  for  dramatic  effect.  “It’s  an  Ibis.  Seen  a  picture  of  it  in  one  of  our  new  books  the  angels  brought  us.”
Maddy  narrowed  her  eyes  as  she  tried  to  see  what  the  evil  old  bat  was  getting  at.  “What  are  you  trying  to  say  then  Constance  Nesbitt?”
Connie  leant  forward  across  the  table,  and  lowered  her  voice.  The  others  leant  forward  too  in  order to  hear  her  better.  “What  I’m  saying  is,”  she  looked  over  her  shoulder  as  if   to   make  sure  that no  one  was  listening,  “perhaps  Central  is  too  far  West  to  be  the  seat  of  government  now.  Perhaps  a  royal  chain  of  office  would  help  you  to  persuade  others  to  vote  for  a  more  central  city,  instead  of  Central.”  she  sat  upright  again  and  waited  for  Maddy’s  reaction.  She  could  almost  hear  Maddy’s  brain  ticking  over.
“Well,  we  are  nearer  the  coast,”  mused  Ibis’s  prima.
“And  nearer  the  Nest,”  added  Sylvia.  “That’s  where  the  new  library  is  going  to  be.  It’s  a  lot  dryer  up  there.”
Connie  could  see  that  Maddy  was  almost  persuaded.  “And  there  would  be  new  clothes,  remember  those  fantastic  robes  they  were  wearing?  To  go  with  the  new  chain  of  course,  with  the  holy  bird  of  Egypt  on  it.”
Maddy  gave  up.  “Holy  bird  eh?”  Not  letting  on  that  she  didn’t  know  what  or  where  Egypt  was.  “It’s  yours,”  she  said  abruptly,  “if  you’ll  promise  to  help  to  make  Ibis  the  first  city.”
“Done,”  said  Connie,  “Toogood  Farm  belongs  to  Tanya  Vine.
“And  I  keep  these  worthless  trinkets,”  insisted  Maddy.  “After  all,  they  were  for  rent,  and  they’ve  been  there  a  week  now.”
The  old  guru  smiled.  “Congratulations,  Maddy  Toogood.  You  drive  a  hard  bargain,  and  I  admire  you  for  it.”

That  night  at  the  farm,  Connie  called  for  everyone  to  gather  in  the  courtyard,  and  shortly  before sunset,  Sylvia  stood  and  spoke  to  the  waiting  crowd.
“You’ve  been  through  some  bad  times  lately.  And  not  all  of  your  troubles  have  been  deserved.”  She  looked  for  Dotty,  who  she  had  nearly  killed  in  the  market  place.  “You’ve  all  been  very  brave,  and  I’m  sure  that  we  are  all  going  to  learn  from  the  mistakes  that  we’ve  made.”  She  surveyed  their  expectant  faces.  “You  are  not  Ibis.  You  are  not  Homestead.  Your  future  is  in  your  own  hands.  This  farm  is  now  a  stead  in  it’s  own  right.”  She  raised  her  hand  to  stop  the  sudden  cheering  that  broke  out.  “I  name  Tanya  Vine  as  your  first  Prima.”  More  cheering  came  after  this,  and  each  following  name.  “I  name  Pansy  Prayerbook  as  your  first  priestess.  I  name  Polly  Jugg  as  your  first  champion.  I  name  Flossie  Craken  as  your  captain  of  archers.”
Then  the  celebrations  started.  Long  into  the  night,  the  sound  of  drums  and  flutes  could  be  heard  as  the  Sharp  girls  danced  and  Margaret  and  Marco  taught  them  some  new  ‘old’  songs  from  a  previous  age.  Even  the  dogs   joined  in.  From  the safety  of  the  gateway  of  course.  ‘My  Way’  went  down  particularly  well  and  had  to  be  sung  again  and  again,  until  Margaret  complained  that  she  would  be  physically  sick  if  she  heard  it  one  more  time.
Earlier  that  afternoon,  Sylvia  and  Connie  had  admired  all  the  things  that  the  girls  had  acquired  during  their  journey.  Tanya’s  sword  was  nearly  identical  to  Sylvia’s,  but  apart  from  them  never  losing  their  extremely  sharp  edges  and  being  very  decorative,  they  were  nothing  out  of  the  ordinary.  Some  of  the  other  items  turned  out  to  be  far  more  interesting  though.
“I  never  miss  what  I  aim  at,”  said  Ivy  Tulip  vehemently.  “Thought  the  arrow  must  have  been  bent.”
“No,”  replied  Tanya,  “It  was  flying  true,  but  slid  away  at  the  last  second.”  She  briefly  relived  the  moment  when  she  thought  she  was  going  to  die.
Sylvia  held  up  the  silver  mail  shirt  that  Tanya  had  worn  nearly  all the  time  since  finding  it.  “There’s  a  story  my  mum  told  me,  about  a  magic  set  of  armour  used  in  the  valley  wars  by  her  great,  great,  lots  of  greats,  grandmother,  but  I  thought  it  was  just  a  fairy  story.”
“Could  be  true  though.  I  felt  my  chest  go  all  tight  when  I  saw  Ivy  loose  the  arrow  at  me.  Thought  it  was  just  me  getting  scared.  But  maybe?”  She  shrugged  her  shoulders  and  didn’t  finish  the  sentence.
“Wonder  where  the  rest  of  it  is?”  mused  Sylvia.
Then  there  was  Pansy’s  little  horn.  After  Margaret  had  roughly  translated  the  inscription  inside  the  box  lid,  Pansy  had  put  the  horn  back  into  it’s  box  and  swore  never  to  play  it  again.  Margaret  said  it  was  written  in  old  English,  and  her  best  guess  at  the  words  was,  ‘If  you  be  not  pure  in  heart,  then  raise  not  the  wind,  lest  the  wind  razes  you’.
There  was  a  simple  melody  inscribed  on  the  inside  of  the  lid  as  well,  which  meant  nothing  to  most  of  them.  But  Pansy  could  read  music,  and  had  memorised  the  rise  and  fall  of  the  tune.  All  agreed  it  was  a  mystery,  and  such  an  instrument  had  never  been  heard  of  by  any  of  them.  The  greatest  treasure  they  possessed,  however,  was  the  little  handcart  that  they  had  used  to  transport  the  first  load  of  goodies  from  the  tunnel  to  the  farm.  No  matter  how  much  they  had  put  on  the  cart,  it  never  got  any  harder  to  move.  At  one  point  on  their   journey,  Tanya,  Flossie  and  Marco  had  managed   to  climb  on  board  together,  and  Pansy  had  pulled  them  effortlessly.  But  the  biggest  surprise  had  come  when  they  had  to  cross  a  small  stream.  They  had  waded  knee  deep  through  the  water,  but  the  cart  had  rolled  across  the  water’s  surface  as  if  it  was  still  on  the  road.  Needless  to  say, they  had  locked  the  cart  away  from  prying  eyes  and  meddling  fingers.  Not  even  Margaret  could  explain  how  it  worked.  Everyone  agreed  that  Tanya  and  her  followers  were  rich,  both  in  material  goods  and  companionship.
Connie  was  happy.  She  had  one  eye  firmly  fixed  on  the  future.  Her  beloved  Homestead  was  already  the  main  player  in  the  East,  and  with  Tanya  in  charge  here,  on  Ibis’s  doorstep,  she  was  sure  that  Homestead  girls  would  eventually  rule  the  world.  Sure,  Tanya  was  an  uppity  little  madam  at  the  moment,  but  she  would  change,  and  with  Homestead’s  help,  she  was  going  to  make  Toogood  Farm  an  important  little  community,  and  she  was  sure  it  would  still  be  thriving  when  Ibis  eventually  stood  abandoned.  Toogood  Farm  and  Homestead  were  going  to  be  valuable  to  each  other  soon.  Tanya  Vine  and  Kirsten  Vine.  Sisters.  Tanya  at  Toogood  and  Kirsty  at  Homestead.  Perhaps  they  would  even  rule  sister  cities  one  day.
Bright new day
It  was  an  hour  before  dawn,  but  the  birds  of  Burnt  Wood  took  one  look  at  the  grey  shapes  slinking  through  the  trees  below  them,  and  called  off  choir  practice  for  the  day.  Alain  the  alpha  male  felt  an  urgent  need  to  bite  something,  as  he  surveyed  the  abandoned  tents  of  dog  city.
“I  know  they  should  have  been  here  as  well,  but  they’re  not,  so  we’ll  just  have  to  track   them  down.  Won’t  we  Colin?”
Colin  tried  not  to  make  eye  contact  as  he  gave  a  non  committal  shrug  of  his  grey  shoulders  at  the  same  time  as  nodding  his  head.  Alain  looked  at  him  and  wondered  why  his  mother  had  insisted  that  he  bring  him  along.
“Now,  should  we  form  a  committee  to  discuss  the  best  way  forward  cousin  Colin?  But  be  aware  that  if  the  answer’s  yes  again,  then  I  might  have  to  bite  you  again  as  well.  Won’t  I?”
Colin  winced  at  the  sight  of  his  leader’s  toothsome  smile,  “I’ll,  Er,  go  and  sort  out  the  scouts,  shall  I?”  he  suggested,  trying  to  sound  helpful.
“Don’t  bother,  Lucy’s  already  seeing  to  it,  and  if  she  wasn’t,  it  wouldn’t  be  your  job,  worm  brain.  But  I  have  got  a  special  job  for  you  though.”
Colin’s  face  did  the  impossible,  as  he  managed  to  look  even  more  worried  than  before.  “You’re  staying  here  in  case  any  of  those  dozy  dogs  come  back  this  way,  and  if  they  do,  it’s  your  simple  task  to  maim  them  a  little  and  keep  them  here.  No  killing,  mind,  or  you’ll  feel  my  teeth  again.”
The  wolves  of  both  varieties,  both  two  and  four  legged,  headed  off  down  the  Homestead  trail,  leaving  Colin  on  his  own  in  the  deserted  village.  His  frightened  eyes  darted  left  and  right,  probing  the  darkness  for  the  one  known  terror  of  the  night,  namely  the  killer  chicken.  It’s  scent  was  all  over  the  place,  and  no  doubt  it  had  driven  off  the  cowardly  dogs  yesterday.
Colin  had  been  with  the  small  pack  that  had  attacked  the  fishing  village  a  year  ago,  (Mona  the  guru  had  later  found  Albert  abandoned  and  empty)  and  the  five  scrawny  old  women  there  had  all  said  the  same  thing  before  they  were  killed  and  eaten.  There  were  no  more  men  in  the  world!  And  now  the  killer  chicken  was  the  only  thing  that  the  wolves  were  wary  of,  and  the  last  obstacle  to  Alain’s  dreams  of  world  domination.
“Now,”  Colin  thought,  “if  only  I  could  stop  that  awful  whistling  coming  from  the  cave.

The  village  was  roused,  not  with  gentle  and  insistent  bird  song,  but  by  the  wolves  howling  from  South  Farm,  as  Ronald  and  Sheila’s  pack  reported  back  to  Alain  that  the  farm  was  deserted.  Then  Basil  howled  the  news  that  the  North  pasture  was  also  empty,  but  there  was  a  fresh  trail  of  many  animals  and  people  leading  West.  Alain  surveyed  the  village  across  the  slow  river,  noting  the  sudden  noises  and  hasty  movements  of  people  in  the  grey  morning  light.
He  turned  to  Lucy  and  Brian  “Lucy,  go  with  Basil  and  get  after  them.  Brian,  tell  Ron  and  She  to  go  as  well,  I  want  them  all  back  here,  or  dead.”
Brian  had  done  this  before,  and  suffered  for  it,  so  moved  a  discreet  distance  away  before  loudly  barking  out  the  chief’s  orders.
All  that  Jade  could  think  was,  “too  late,  I’ve  left  it  too  late,”  but  she  eventually  brought  order  from  the  chaos  of  panicking  women  and  girls.
“Jan,”  she  yelled  as  loud  as  she  could  and  waving  frantically,  “gather  on  the  Vine.”
Jan  waved  back  and  relayed  the  message  to  those  nearest  to  her.  The  milling  crowd  became  two  distinct  groups  which  disappeared  into  the  Vine  with  Jan,  and  into  the  bakery  under  Jade’s  command.  Those  with  bows  stood  on  the  roofs,  watching  for  movement  within  the  boundary  fence,  while  those  with  sword  and  spear  could  only  sit  and  wait  behind  the  barricaded  doors  and  windows.
Jade  frowned  and  ran  round  the  flat  roof,  desperately  scanning  the  visible  parts  of  the  village.  “Jan!”  She  shouted.  “Where  are  the  dogs?”
After  a  quick  look  over  the  roof  tops,  Jan  shrugged  her  shoulders.  Jade  chewed  at  her  lip  in  quiet  desperation.  The  dogs  had  run  off  in  the  night.  Whatever  had  to  be  done  would  be  done  by  the  women  of  Homestead  on  their own.
“What  are  we  up  against?”  asked  Sara  in  the  Vine.
“Don’t  rightly  know  yet,”  answered  Rachel,  “but  that  bird  said  that  about  a  hundred  wolfs  were  coming  our  way.”
Sara  shuddered.  She’d  been  trailed  by  two  wolves  the  winter  before,  and  after  climbing  a  tree  to  escape  them,  had  managed  to  wound  one  with  an  arrow,  and  she  remembered  vividly  the  way  it  had  been  despatched  and  partly  eaten  by  it’s  starving  companion.
“Lady,  help  us.  We’re  gonna  be  eaten.”
“Steady  lass,  there’s  still  thirty  of  us  here.  Be  strong,  stand  firm  and  do  your  bit  and  we’ll  be  alright.”
“Where’s  that  Beryl  when  we  need  her,”  said  Sara  bitterly,  “loafing  about  in  Central,  playing  the  great  lady  in  front  of  all  the  temple  trash,  that’s  where.”
A  cry  went  up  from  the  bakery  roof  as  the  archers  there  spotted  grey  shapes  flitting  between  the  cottages  over  the  green,  and although  they  started  to  raise  their  bows,  the  wolves  were  gone  as  quickly  as  they  came.

At  day  break,  Denny  was  still  two  kilometres  North of  the  village,  where  she  had  at  last  tracked  Betty  down  again,  and  was  in  deep  and  silent  conversation  with  Robin.
“Show  me  one  more  time  Robin.”
"It’s  here,"  her  mental  lodger  replied,  and  Denny  felt  a  vague  tickle  deep  within  her  brain  behind  her  right  ear.
“Got  it.”
“Now  squeeze,”  said  Robin,  “Whoa,  that’s  scary.  Better  than  I  could  do  in  the  suit”
Betty  just  watched  and  carried  on  chewing  her  finger  nails.  Denny  was  still  trying  to  come  to  terms  with  the  awesome  shape  that  her  shadow  had  flowed  into.
“But  if  that  was  real,  and  it  felt  real  enough,  then  where  does  all  the  extra  flesh  come  from?”  she  asked.
“Don’t  really  know,  but  the  psycho  manual  says  that  it  can  be  paid  back  a  little  at  a  time,”  replied  Robin.
“Not  really  sure  that  I  know  what  that  means,”
“Well,  if  you  want  to  be  big,  then  you’ve  got  to  be  small  some  time.  I  think?  But  if  you  want  to  be  small,  then  it’s  like  saving  up  for  big  time.  Maybe?”
Denny  thought  about  it  briefly,  “that’s  about  as  plain  as  anything  else  round  here  at  the  moment.  Now,  what  can  we  do  to  help  out?”
“We  could  do  some  digging  I  suppose.”

For  about  three  hours,  nothing  much  happened,  except  the  villagers  nerves  grew  a  little  more  ragged  as  they  caught  occasional  glimpses  of  the  wolves  circling  them  at  a  safe  distance.  Occasionally,  the  sound  of  breaking  glass  could  be  heard,  as  the  wolves  systematically  destroyed  everything  that  they  could  not  use.  Good  glass  was  a  rare  commodity  now,  and  if  Homestead  survived  this  day,  the  window  panes  would  have  to  be  replaced  by  cow  hides  or  dull  panes  made  of  ox-horn,  until  someone  from  Tintown  could  show  them   how  to  re-use  the  broken  glass  again.
The  old  adage  about  wartime  being  hours  of  boredom,  followed  by  minutes  of  panic  and  terror,  still  held  good,  as  the  waiting  suddenly  came  to  an  end.
“Here  they  come,”  yelled  Lily  as  several  wolves  made  a  dash  towards  the  West  wall  of  the  bakery,  the  side  furthest  away  from  The  Vine.  With  little  time  to  take  proper  aim,  the  five  bakery  archers  loosed  their  arrows  quickly,  but  only  managed  to  wound  two  of  their  attackers.  Leading  the  wolf  pack  was  Ivan,  and  reaching  the  wall  safely,  he  stood  as  a  man  again  and  wrenched  the  shutters  effortlessly  from  the  window.
Two  wolves  leapt  through  into  the  room  beyond  and  were  met  by  screaming  women  with  spears  and  sharp  swords.  Eventually  both  of  the  whirling  grey  beasts  died  and  the  open  window  was  defended  again  with  the  long  spears,  but  as  bandages  were  hastily  tied  round  arms  of  two  of  the  wolve's  victims,  Susan  Brand  died  with  her  femoral  artery  spraying  her  life  blood  over  the  wall  and  floor.  The  attack  had  been  short  but  violent,  and  as  they  retreated,  two  more  grey  beasts  fell  victim  to  the  rooftop  archers.
“Mmmm.  Time  for  a  different  approach,  I  think.”  Mused  Alain,  “They’re  better  than  those  miserable  dogs,  but  let’s  see  what  they’re  really  made  of.”
He  waved  towards  Trudy  and  Karl,  “Bring  her  now,”  and  they  came  forward  between  the  cottages  across  the  green,  directly  opposite  the  Vine.

There  were  many  farewells  as  the  Homesteaders  and  wardogs  set  out  a  few  at  a  time  on  the  road  home.  Margaret’s  farewell  to  Marco  was  in  private,  and  took  a  little  longer  than  Pansy  cared  for,  but  Tanya  pointed  out  to  her  that  they  had  many  happy  years  ahead  of  them,  and  they  shouldn’t  hold  a  grudge  against  someone  as  ancient  as  Margaret,  who  was  about  thirty  six  and  obviously  way  past  her  best.
And  then  they  were  all  gone.  Just  the  four  adventurers,  plus  the  Sharps  and  the  Juggs  were  left,  and  soon  the  everyday  routine  of  farm  life  took  over  their  lives.  Evening  came,  and  Marco  instructed  them  all,  even  Edna  and  Doris  in  the  art  of  march  and  countermarch.  Tanya  insisted  that  everyone  there  should  be  proficient  with  sword,  spear  or  bow,  and  for  a  while,  it  was  just  like  the  good  old  days  on  South  Farm.  Marco  was  still  less  than  average  with  a  sword,  but  when  a  spearhead  came  off  in  the  middle  of  a  fairly  physical  practise  session,  he  used  the  spear  shaft  as  a  quarterstaff,  and  successfully  fought  off  Polly  and  Sarah  for  several  minutes,  until  Sasha  took  a  hand  and  started  throwing  stones  at  him.  “You  leave  my  mum  alone,  you  big  bully,”  she  yelled  at  him.  “You  should  know  better  than  to  hit  a  lady  with  a  baby.”
Stunned  silence  fell  on  the  farmyard,  quickly  followed  by  the  cheers  and  congratulations  of  Sarah’s  excited  kinfolk,  then  the  inevitable  question.  How?  Two  months  previously,  Beryl,  Basher  and  Glen  had  been  escorting  Ricky  and  Walter  to  their  temporary  homes  in  Altmore  and  Lakeside,  and  they  had  stopped  overnight  in  Ibis.  Walter’s  sleep  was  interrupted  by  the  adventurous  and  amorous  Sarah,  who  crept  quietly  away  before  dawn,  feeling  more  than  satisfied  with  her  night’s  work.
Later  that  night,  inside  the  house,  Flossie  broke  down  and  cried  her  eyes  out.  She  clung  to  Pansy  as  if  her  life  depended  on  it.
“It’s  not  fair,”  she  blubbed,  “why  isn’t  it  me  Pan?  I  should  be  first.”
Pansy  tried  to  reassure  her  that  she  was  normal.  “Doesn’t  always  happen  straight  away,  love.”
“But  I  need  his  baby.  Then  I’ll  know  Marco’s  really  mine.  I’ve  always  been  a  nobody.  I  want  to  be  important.”
“But  you  are  important.  You  don’t  need  a  baby  to  be  important,  and  you  certainly  don’t  need  his  baby  for  him  to  be  yours.  Marco  loves  you.  We  all  love  you  and  need  you.”  Pansy  listened  hard,  but  there  were  no  approaching  footsteps.  Where  was  Tanya  when  you  really  needed  her?
“But  why  haven’t  I  got  his  baby  then?  We’ve  been  trying  hard.”
Pansy  winced  at  the  thought  of  them  ‘trying  hard’.  “It’s  probably  from  that  time  you  spent  on  the  mountain.”  Pansy’s  imagination  went  into  overtime  in  an  effort  to  reassure  Flossie,  who  was  still  crying  fitfully.  “Your  body  hasn’t  recovered  from  not  eating  properly  for  all  that  time,  and  you  won’t  have  a  baby  till…  Ouch!”  She  stopped  suddenly  and  held  one  hand  to  her  shoulder,  then  looked  wildly  round  the  bedroom.  “It’ll  be  about  this  time  next  year,”  she  said  hurriedly,  “Twins.  A  boy  and  a  girl.”  Then  she  fainted.

“Wake  up  Pansy.”  The  voice  was  alternately  loud,  then  soft,  like  waves  breaking  on  a  distant  shore.  “Come  on  priestess  Pansy,  we  need  you  to  wake  up  now.”
She  opened  her  eyes  slowly,  then  quickly  shut  them  again.  “Too  bright,”  she  whispered.
“Close  the  curtains  please,”  said  the  all  too  familiar  voice.  “Is  that  better?”
Pansy  opened  one  eye,  then  the  other.  “Hello  Rocket,  sorry.  Mistress  Turnbuckle.”
“Hah.  Rocket  indeed.  You’re  the  ‘rock  it’  this  time,”  said  Rosalind,  smiling.  “You’ve  rocked  the  boat  a  little  bit  too  much  Pansy,  and  we  need  you  to  put  the  world  to  rights  again.”
Chapter  16
Psychological  Warfare
Tooth  and  Claw
Anton  and  Simon,  plus  twenty  eight  of  the  Homesteaders  and  all  the  babies,  were  still  ten  kilometres  short  of  safety  behind  the  walls  of  Algar  Springs  when  the  wolf  pack  caught  up  with  them.  The  herd  of  cattle  milled  round  in  confusion,  but  not  panic,  as  the  wild  wolves  circled  them,  looking  for  an  easy  lunch.  But  Homestead  cattle  were  lean  mean  beasts,  and  there  were  no  easy  pickings  there,  so  the  wolves  sheered  away  from  the  menacing  horns.  The  goats  however,  were  scattering  in  all  directions  and  the  Homesteaders  formed  a  defensive  circle  round  the  ox  cart.
Anton  narrowed  his  eyes against  the  noonday  sun  as  he  tried  to  estimate  how  many  grey  shapes  were  coming  their  way.  “About  twenty  five?”
Joannie  nodded.  “Twenty  three.  More  than  enough,  I  think.”
“We’re  in  trouble  Joan.  See  a  way  out?”
Joan  shook  her  head  slightly.  “Sorry  man,  seen  precious  little  since  my  Toledo  was  born,  I’m  afraid.  It’s  as  if  something’s  blocking  my  senses.”
Anton  looked  quickly  round  the  little  group.  “How  many  bows  do  we  have?”  he  called  loudly.
Only  three  hands  went  up.  He  grimaced,  just  four  bows  between  them,  including  his.  “OK.  Archers  together,  spears  to  the  front.  Get  formed  up.”
They  obeyed  his  orders  without  question,  but  knew  that  few  of  them  would  walk  away  from  this  hillside  unscathed.

From  the  rooftops  of  Homestead,  things  did  not  look  too  good  either.
“Look  Jade,”  said  Ivy  in  disbelief,  “They’ve  got  somebody.”
Jade  looked  like  she  was  saluting  as  she  shaded  her  eyes  from  the  bright  sunshine.
“Damn,  damn  and  double  damn!  it’s  Queenie.  I  thought  she  was  in  The  Vine.”
In  the  centre  of  a  group  of  wolves  standing  upright,  Trudy  and  Karl  were  each  side  of  Queenie,  holding  her  firmly  by  the  arms.
“Hello,  humans,  want  to  give  up  yet?”  Alain’s  voice  boomed  across  the  green.  “I’m  sure  that  we  could  come  to  some  arrangement.  Or  I  could  do  this  of  course.”
He  casually  swung  his  left  arm  and  raked  his  clawlike  nails  across  Queenie’s  scalp.  The  watchers  on  the  roof  winced  as  she  squealed  in  pain  and  fright,  and  blood  coursed  down  her  face,  then  Alain  shouted  again.  “Come  on  you  stupid  hags,  you  know  we’re  going  to  win,”  and  his  massive  hand  hovered  over  Queenie’s  shoulder.
“Oh  no,”  said  Ivy  in  despair,  “there’s  Betty,”  and  pointed  to  the  right  where  another  wolf  was  pushing  Betty  forward  towards  the  group  surrounding  Alain.
“Lady  above,  what  do  we  do  Jade?”
Jade  stared  at  Betty  and  her  captor  and  furrowed  her  brow  in  concentration.  She  gave  up  the  internal  struggle  between  common  sense  and  super  sense  and  turned  to  Ivy.
There  was  a  steely  edge  to  her  voice.  “Go  downstairs,  get  ready  to  charge  them.”
Ivy  looked  at  her  in  surprise,  then  turned,  and  as  she  ran  down  the  stairs  to  warn  the  others  to  be  ready  to  go,  Jade  spun  round  to  face  the  taverna,  cupped  her  hands  and  shouted  across,  “when  they  run,  make  every  shot  count,”  then  put  an  arrow  to her  bowstring.  “get  ready  girls,”  she  said  to  her  fellow  archers,  “it’s  our  turn.”
Betty  had  been  directed  into  the  group  of  waiting  wolves  by  the  lone  wolf  that  didn’t  quite  walk  right,  or  smell  right  either,  and  she  suddenly  crouched  down  into  a  fighters  stance,  and  brought  her  hand  from  behind  her  back  holding  a  small  object  which  gave  off  a  twinkling  red  glow.  As  Betty’s  hand  came  round  quickly  in  the  short  arc,  Conrad  was  the  first  to  die  as  the  vampire  sword  claimed  it’s  first  victim  for  a  year.  The  wolves  tried  to  get  away  from  the  red  death,  but  as  Denny  started  to  lose  control  of  the  ‘tickly’  spot  in  her  brain,  the  lone  wolf  at  their  rear  lost  it’s  shape,  and  was  seen  to  be  wielding  two  short  swords  which  soon  matched  the  colour  of  Betty’s  blade.  Denny  had  assumed  her  proper  shape  again,  but  was  still  the  same  size  and  build  as  the  altered  wolves.
Earlier,  Denny  had  overcome  her  conscience  and  pushed  Robin  into  Betty’s  apparently  vacant  mind.  Now  they  were  the  bringers  of  death,  and  in  their  fearsome  whirling  presence,  the  wolves  sought  safer  ground.
They  broke  and  ran,  and  as  they  hurtled  away  from  the  demons  of  death  in  their  midst,  the  doors  of  the  taverna  and  the  bakery  burst  open,  and  the  villagers  streamed  out  to  meet  them.  The  wild  wolves  looked  on  in  confusion  and  if  they  thought  about  fighting,  they  didn’t  consider  it  for  long,  and  soon  headed  for  the  comfort  of  the  woods  beyond  the  river.

Over  near  Algar  Springs,  Sali  Vorden  was  holding  Toledo,  Joannie  Tulip’s  baby.  “Flipping  cheek,  I  say.  Hero  of  Ashers  Farm  I  was,  and   they  make  me  look  after  the  kids.  What  do  you  say,  Tolly?”  The  baby  went  “goo  goo  goo”,  looked  up  into  Sali’s  eyes,  giggled  and  kicked  out  excitedly.  Sali  frowned  and  looked  down  at  her  tiny  charge.  “Really?”  She  looked  up  in  surprise  to  where  Simon  stood.  “Really,”  she  repeated  thoughtfully,  and  then  went  over  to  Joan  who  listened  intently  to  her,  alternately  shaking,  then  nodding  her  head  in  agreement.
“Are  you  sure  about  this,  Sali?”  Simon  asked.  He  was  not  entirely  convinced  that  Sali  was  actually  sane  any  more.  Sali  stared  at  him,  “DO  IT,”  she  commanded  and  Joan  echoed  her,  “do  it.”  As  Sali  started  to  move  away,  she  said  to  Simon,  “put  it  on  and  follow  me,”  and  still  carrying  Toledo  she  pushed  her  way  through  the  women  waiting  for  the  bloody  onslaught.  At  the  front,  she  waited  till  the  last  possible  moment  before  speaking,  and  as  her  voice  took  on  a  new  sinister  tone,  a  vague  swirling  shape  seemed  to  fill  the  air  around  her.
“WOOOOLFY!  WOOOOLFY!  WHERE  AAAARE  YOU?”
The  effect  on  the  four  leading  wolves  was  electrifying,  and  the  ordered  advance  of  the  wolf  pack  up  the  slight  rise  broke  down  in  confusion,  and  the  wild  ones  milled  around  as  their  masters  uncertainty  spread  to  them,  but  Ronald  quickly  regained  his  composure  from  the  shock  of  the  voice  only  recalled  as  part  of  a  horror  story.
“You  can’t  frighten  us  girly,  you’re  my  dinner,”  he  shouted,  then  to  his  fellow  grey  companions,  “move  it  you  dog’s  turds,  get  up  there.”
They  only  just  got  started  forward  again  when  Sali  pointed  at  them,  “look  Tolly,  bad  doggies.”
Toledo  giggled  again  and  waved.  Sali  beckoned  Simon  forward.
“Look  wolfy,  here’s  my  MAN,”  and  he  too  emerged  from  the  ranks  of  women,  dressed  in  his  chefs  white  coat.
The  four  weird  wolves  were  becoming  decidedly  worried  about  the  odd  scene  in  front  of  them,  and  Sheila  growled  to  Basil,   “There  are  no  men.  Are  there?”
Then  Sali  said  loudly,  “man,  show  them  your  needle,”  and  Simon  brought  his  hand  from  behind  his  back  brandishing  a  kebab  skewer,  then  walked  slowly  forward  speaking  in  the  deepest  voice  he  could  manage.  “Hello  wolfy,  time  for  the  needle.”
Even  Ronald,  who  was  second  only  to  Alain  the  alpha  male,  gave  a  yelp  and  did  a  backward  somersault  in  his  efforts  to  avoid  facing  the  wolves  nemesis.
The  wild  wolves  saw  their  two  legged  leaders  in  a  new  light  and  decided  to  find  today’s  meal  somewhere  else.
“Ladies,  kill  them,”  Joan  screamed,  and  the  four  archers  loosed  arrow  after  arrow  after  the  fleeing  pack.  Fifteen  wild  ones  made  it  across  the  valley  to  the  safety  of  the  trees,  and  three  of  those  were  wounded,  but  only  Lucy  was  with  them,  Ronald,  Basil  and  Sheila  lay  dead  in  the  grass  with  four  of  the  others.
Chapter  17
Rude  awakening
Pansy  rubbed  her  eyes  with  the  backs  of  her  hands,  then  cocked  her  head  to  one  side,  listening  to  the  sound  of  distant  shouting.  “What’s  that  noise?  What  are  they  doing  out  there?”
“They’re  attacking  Ibis  again,”  replied  Rosie.
“The  Homesteaders?”
“No  child.  If  only  it  was  that  easy.  I  want  you  to  think  very  carefully  for  me.”
Pansy  frowned.  “Yes,”  she  said  slowly.
“Have  you  been  telling  bedtime  stories  to  the  young  ones  here?”
“Well,  yes.  We  take  it  in  turns.  But  why?  And  why  are  you  here?”
“Easy  question  first.  I’m  here  because  I’ve  been  looking  for  you,  ever  since  Emma  told  me  about  the  temple  cellars.”
“Oh.”  She  paused  a  second,  remembering  when  she  and  Emma  had  been  dared  by  the  others  to  go  all  the  way  through  the  temple  cellars,  and  she  had  been  bitten  on  the  shoulder  by  a  green  spider,  larger  than  any  she  had  ever  seen  before.  “Am  I  in  trouble  then?”
“Yes  my  precious,  but  not  like  you  think.  You  need  looking  after  now,  not  punishing.  Tell  me,  do  you  dream  in  colour,  or  just  in  shades  of  grey?”
Pansy  considered  the  strange  question.  “Err,  colour  I  think,  yes  definitely,  but  not  always.”
“And  do  you  see  spiders  webs,  fishing  nets,  that  sort  of  thing  in  your  dreams?”
Pansy  thought  that  she  knew  where  this  was  leading,  and  was  feeling  decidedly  uncomfortable.  “Yes,  sometimes.”
Rosie  thought  a  moment  and  nodded.  “No  more  stories  Pansy  Prayerbook.  Speak  no  words  that  are  untrue.  The  cellar  dwellers  are  no  ordinary  creatures,  and  it  seems  that  somehow,  the  bite  you  received  from  that  spider  in  the  cellars  has  changed  you,  and  put  you  in  touch  with  the  goddess  of  lies.  She  likes  you.  Likes  your  stories.  And  she  appears  to  be  making  your  stories  come  true.  You  spin  the  tales  and  she  provides  the  substance  to  make  them  real.”
Pansy  gave  a  nervous  laugh,  then  put  her  hand  to  her  mouth  as  she  realised  that  some  of  her  stories  hadn’t  been  that  nice.  She  struggled  to  sit  up,  with  Rosie  and  Flossie  helping  her.  “Oh,  I  feel  dizzy.”
“Not  surprising  dear,  you’ve  been  asleep  for  most  of  two  days.”
Pansy  looked  round  the  darkened  room.  “I  remember  now.  My  shoulder  aches  sometimes.  Where  I  got  bitten.”
“That  could  be  when  'she'  is  listening  to  you.  From  now  on,  you  must  be  careful.  Think  twice  before  you  speak,  Whatever  you  say,  may  come  true.”
Pansy  goggled  at  her.  “Oh  no!  That  prophecy  I  made  at  Dockside,  is  that  why  the  shark  woman  died  in  the  tower?”
Rosie  just  nodded.
“I  killed  her.  With  words.”  Pansy  closed  her  eyes  as  she  realised  what  she  had  unwittingly  done.  “Which  of  my  stories  is  out  there  now?”  She  asked.
“We  are  besieged  by  an  army  of  sheep.”

“More  timber  here,”  yelled  Margo,  as  the  South  gate  shuddered  again.  “They’re  nearly  through.  You.  Jenny  Grey,  get  up  there  and  help  with  that  rock.”
As  Margo  continued  to  shout  at  the  tired  citizens,  trying  desperately  to  shore  up  the  splintering  gates,  Jenny  climbed  the  stairway.
Yesterday,  when  the  sheep  had  arrived,  coming  from  the  South,  most  of  the  townsfolk  had  thought  it  was  funny.  After  all,  it  wasn’t  every  day  that  you  saw  multi  coloured  sheep,  was  it?  Sasha  and  her  cousins  knew  better  though.  They  knew  about  the  rainbow  menace  from  Pansy’s  stories,  and  had  dragged  the  older  women  inside,  then  shut  and  barred  the  farm  gate  before  the  killer  sheep  could  get  too  close.
In  Ibis,  the  sheep  didn’t  amuse  anyone  for  very  long.
Josie  and  Jackie  Twopenny  had  been  by  the  river,  gathering  rushes,  when  the  sheep  army  attacked,  and  they  had  not  managed  to  outrun  the  nimble  animals.
All   that  was  left  of  the  sisters  was  the  ragged  remains  of  their  clothes.  And  their  shoes  of  course,  complete  with  feet  inside  them.  Apparently,  in  sheep  society,  eating  feet  was  considered  to  be  socially  unacceptable.
Margo  and  her  band  of  archers  had  sent  showers  of  arrows  at  the  evil  creatures,  and  scored  many  hits,  but  no  sheep  had  died.  Their  wool  was  so  thick  that  the  arrows  couldn’t  penetrate  very  far.  So  the  sheep  just  carried  on,  with  arrows  hanging  from  their  fleeces,  as  if  nothing  had  happened.  After  the  first  few  hectic  hours,  it  was  stalemate.  Sheep  circling the  town,  humans  safe  inside.  Then  today  they  had  brought  up  the  battering  ram.
Philpot  Rameses  the  third  had  been  specially  reared  for  this  one  job.  Gates  were  his  speciality.  His  head  was  solid  bone,  and  he  had  shoulders  as  wide  as  a  wardrobe  to  give  him  maximum  oomph  when  he  hit  the  target.  Unfortunately,  he  had  an  IQ  of  minus  ten  so  he  didn’t  think  very  much.  All  the  other  sheep  had  to  do,  was  to  point  him  in  the  right  direction,  and  leave  him  to  it,  while  they  went  to  have  another  cup  of  lemon  tea  or  something.
“It’s  coming  again,”  warned  Jenny,  and  Sandy  got  into  position.  The  rock  was  so  heavy,  that  it  had  taken  three  of  them  all  their  strength  to  lift  it  onto  the  wall,  and  now  it  balanced  there.  Precariously.  Ready  to  fall  at  the  slightest  push.  They  had  watched  the  ram  twice  now,  and  had  dropped  a  pebble  the  last  time,  to  gauge  when  they  should  let  the  rock  go.
“Only  one  chance  Sandy,”  said  Jenny.  “Are  you  ready?”
Sandy  nodded  and  braced  herself.  She  had  volunteered  to  be  the  pusher.
“It’s  up  to  speed.  Twenty  metres,  fifteen,  ten,  PUSH!”
Their  one  chance  fell  from  the  wall  and  hurtled  towards  the  ground.  Instead  of  the  mighty  thud  of  ram  against  gate,  there  was  a  sickening  crunch  as  the  rock  crushed  the  ram’s  pelvis.  But  seconds  later,  there  was  an  insistent  knocking  noise  from  below.
Jenny,  Sandra  and  Phyllis  leaned  out  and  looked  down  from  the  wall.  The  ram  had  managed  to  crawl  the  last  metre  or  so  to  the  gate  and  was  doing  what  it  did  best.
It’s  head  rose  and  fell  gently  against  the  gate  as  it  continued  to  do  it’s  duty.

Marianne  came  into  Pansy’s  bedroom.  “It’s  nearly  ready,”  she  said,  “just  a  little  more  sugar,  then  we  can  go.”
“Are  you  sure  this  is  what  we  have  to  do?”  asked  Rosalind.
Marianne  looked  to  Pansy  for  confirmation.  Pansy  nodded.  She  dare  not  say  the  words.

“They’ve  killed  him,”  bleated  Evelyn,  black  captain  of  the  first  woollen  brigade.
“No,”  replied  Heather,  also  black  and  her  second  in  command.  “He’s still  moving.”
Evelyn  gave  a  sheepish  scowl.  “As  good  as,”  she  insisted,  then  took  a  deep  breath.  “RED  SECTION,”  she  bellowed.  “Pyramid  duty.”
Thirty  red  sheep  trotted  forward.  “Hope  we  get  a  medal  this  time,”  grumbled  one.  “Got  sent  to  the  kitchen  to  peel  potatoes  last  time  we  did  this.  The  Great  Shepherdess  said  it  was  a  reward.  Huh.  Some  reward.  Those  lazy  greens  got  a  medal,  and  all  they  did  was  chase  off  a  couple  of  lions.”
Nobody  was  listening.  They  were  all  concentrating,  and  doing  their  best  not  to  be  in  the  first  rank  to  reach  the  wall.
“After  you  lamb.”
“Don’t  you  lamb  me,  Barbara  Redstock.  You’re  bigger  than  most  of  us,  so  get  yourself  in  that  front  row.”
“Well.  The  cheek  of  it.  I’ll  have  you  know  that  I  fit  nicely  into  a  size  eight  and  a  half.”
“Yes.  Maybe  your  left  foot  does,  but  what  size  is  the  rest  of  you?”
“RED  SECTION.  GET  TO  THAT  WALL.”  Evelyn  shouted  her  orders  at  the  dawdling  reds.  “ORANGE  SECTION.  ADVANCE.”
“Oh  rhubarb,  they’re  coming,”  yelled  one  of  the  rearmost  sheep.  “Brace  yourselves  girls.”
The  red  sheep  started  to  form  the  pyramid  against  the  town  wall  at  last,  and  only  just  in  time,  as  the  orange  section  began  to climb  over  them  to  reach  the  ramparts.

“Are  you  ready  girls,”  shouted  Tanya  to  her  little  squad.
The  seven,  picked  because  they  were  the  fastest  runners,  all  confirmed  their  readiness.
“Ready  at  the  gate?”
Marco  raised  his  right  thumb  and  grasped  the  locking  bar.
“Let’s  do  it  then.”  She  looked  up  to  the  wall  top.  “Doris?”
“All  clear.”
Marco  heaved  the  bar  from  it’s  socket  and  Polly  pushed  open  the  gate  to  let  out  the  eight  runners.  They  swept  past  her,  and  before  they  had  cleared  the  orchard,  the  gate  was  shut  and  barred  again.

Margo  screamed  her  defiance  and  heaved  with  all  her  might.  “GET  OFF  MY  WALL.”
The  sheep  grabbed  at  the  spear  shaft,  but  it’s  orange  paws  couldn’t  grip  tight  enough  to  wrest  it  from  Margo’s  grasp.  It  fell  slowly  backwards,  and  on  the  way  down  it  dislodged  two  more  from  the  pyramid.  It  limped  away  to  let  fresher  legs  have  a  go  at  the  climb.
Evelyn  turned  to  Heather,  “get  the  yellow  squad  up  here.”
“YELLOW,”  screamed  Heather.  Then  sniffed  as  the  wind  briefly  veered  to  come  from  the  East.  “What’s  that?”
Evelyn  sniffed  too.  “Imagination.  Get  on  with  it.”
The  yellow  squad  were  nearly  at  the  pyramid  and  starting  to  pick  their  way  through  the  orange  and  red  casualties  when  another  gust  of  wind  made  all  heads  turn  into  the  breeze.  Eight  girls  in  loose  robes  were  jogging  towards  them.  None  of  them  were  carrying  weapons.
“Get  me  some  more  rocks,”  shouted  Margo  to  the  exhausted  crowd  below.  They  had  been  carrying  stones  and  statues  from  all  parts  of  the  town  and  were  nearing  the  end  of  their  strength.  The  sudden  silence  from  the  enemy  below  made  her  look  in  the  same  direction  that  the  sheep  were  all  facing.  She  could  see,  but  couldn’t  believe.  Eight  girls  carrying  buckets  and  paint  brushes  were  nearly  amongst  the  sheep.
“Pick  your  targets,”  yelled  Tanya  firmly.  “Stay  in  your  pairs.  And  CHARGE.”
One  girl  to  attack  and  one  to  defend  the  attacker.  Dancing  among  the  panicking  sheep  they  chose  their  targets  with  care,  and  the  slightest  touch  from  a  paint  brush  loaded  with  mint  sauce  was  enough  to  make  them  curl  up  and  die.
Pansy  certainly  told  the  strangest  stories.
Most  of  the  red  and  orange  sheep  met  a  saucy  end,  but  the  majority  of  the  yellows  managed  to  get  away  from  the  flashing  paint  brushes  with  the  deadly  vinegar  dripping  from  their  bristles.  The  green  and  blue  squads  were  still  drawn  up  at  the  river  side,  and  looking  on  in  horror  at  the  mayhem  surrounding  the  gate,  decided  to  look  for  a  different  job.  Perhaps  one  with  better  pension  rights.
Heather  put  self  before  duty,  and  ran  after  the  disappearing  flock,  but  Evelyn  was  furious  and  charged  at  the  interlopers.  Marianne  and  Lilibet  were  nearest  and  her  first  choice  of  target.  The  captain  of  the  ovine  army  was  nearly  on  them,  but  Molli  shouted  a  warning  just  in  time.  Dropping  her  almost  empty  bucket,  Marianne  grabbed  her  cousin  and  they  rolled  out  of  the  way  of  the  thundering  hooves  and  flashing  teeth.  Evelyn  fell  to  her  knees  as  she  stepped  into  the  puddle  of  mint  sauce,  and  she  rolled  several  times  before  coming  to  a  halt.  She  fixed  the  girls  with  a  baleful  stare.
“Baa,”  she  said.  “Nearly  had  you.”  Then  she  closed  her  eyes  and  expired.
Tanya  put  her  hand  out  and  tickled  the  ram  behind  his  ears.  He  stopped  banging  his  head  against  the  town  gate  and  looked  up  at  her  sadly.
“You’re  nearly  a  goat,  aren’t  you?”  she  whispered  to  him.  “I’m  sorry  sweetheart,  but  I  can’t  help  you.”
There  were  tears  in  her  eyes  as  she  gently  touched  his  forehead  with  her  brush.

Maddy  Toogood  surveyed  the  pile  of  dead  sheep.  She  had  been  nowhere  to  be  seen  during  the  sheep’s  frantic  attack  on  the  wall,  but  now  it  was  all  over,  she  was  trying  to  claim  the  glory,  and  the  prize.  Although  they  had  lost  the  Twopenny  sisters,  they  had  gained  enough  wool  to  set  up  a  clothing  industry.
“That’s  right,”  she  called  to  the  girls  clipping  the  wool  from  the  carcases,  “keep  the  same  colours  together.”
Margo  looked  up  angrily  at  the  sound  of  her  voice.  “You’re  late,  Maddy.  Where  were  you  half  an  hour  ago?”
“Who  are  you  to  question  me,  Margo  Lemon?  But  for  your  information,  I’ve  been  defending  the  North  gate.  In  case  of  surprise  attacks.”
“Well  push  off  back  to  the  North  gate  then,  and  you  can  collect  your  own  wool  there.”
Maddy  was  surprised  by  the  venom  in  Margo’s  voice.  “Surely,  you  can  see  that  all  this  wool  must  go  to  the  city’s  treasury?”
Margo  held  up  one  gnarled  fist.  “Surely,  you  can  see  that  this  fist  will  be  in  your  face  if  you  don’t  sod  off?  You’ve  outlived  your  usefulness  to  us  Maddy  Toogood.  When  it  got  nasty  out  here,  you  were  hiding  in  the  council  house.  Shelly  heard  you  crying  upstairs.”  She  raised  her  voice  as  Maddy  turned  and  ran  off.  “And  it’s  no  use  going  back  there.  It’s  locked  against  you  now.  You’ll  have  to  earn  your  keep  for  a  change.”  She  gave  a  grim  smile  as  Maddy  disappeared  round  the  corner.  “Right  ladies.”  She  waved  the  women  and  girls  back into  action.  “Carry  on,  and  there’ll  be  fair  shares  for  all.”
Tanya  and  the  panting  girls  were  sitting  on  the  grassy  slope  leading  towards  the  farm,  and  they  watched  the  frenzied  activity  at  the  wall,  where  the  naked  sheep  were  now  being  carried  away  to  be  buried.
“Is  that  the  end  of  it?”  Tanya  asked  Caroline.
She  opened  her  mouth  to  answer,  but  was  interrupted  by  Molli.  “There’s  another  one,”  she  gasped,  and  jumped  up  grabbing  her  almost  empty  pot.
It  did  her  no  good,  as  she  was  deftly  shouldered  aside,  and  the  bedraggled  goat  came  to  an  unsteady  halt  in  front  of  Tanya,  mint  sauce  dripping  from  it’s  nose.
“Baaaaa.”
The  girls  were  dumbfounded  at  the  appearance  of  the  creature.  It  was  trembling  from  head  to  hoof,  gasping  for  breath  and  was  filthy.
“Baaaaa!!!”
Tanya  pushed  the  others  out  of  the  way,  and  held  the  goats  head  gently  in  her  hands.
“I  know  you,”  she  said  quietly.  “What  on  earth  brings  you  here?”
It  was  nearly  possible  to  see  the  workings  of  the  strange  mind  as  it  struggled  with  alien  concepts.  “Baa.  Daaamn.”
It  was  Tanya’s  turn  to  be  surprised,  and  her  eyes  were  like  saucers  as  she  heard  the  first  word  ever  spoken  by  a  goat.  (Gretagast  didn’t  count,  being  an  alien)
“Calm  down,”  she  whispered  and  stroked  the  goats  forehead.
“Hooome.”  The  goats  face  was  twitching  with  the  effort.  “Saaaliiii.”
“Good  girl,”  said  Tanya,  “You’re  doing  really  well.”
“Woof.”
“What?”
“Woof?”
Tanya  gave  a  short  laugh.  “You’ve  been  round  the  dogs  too  long!”
“Woof…  Wool…  WOOOLF!   HOOOME!    SAAALIIII!”
Chapter  18
Beginning  of  the  end
“When  we  get  back,”  said  Ellen  slowly,  “I’m  going  to  go  and  see  that  Anton,  I  think.”
“Oh  yes?”  answered  Rachel  with  a  smile,  and  a  wink  to  Phyllis,  “and  what  makes  you  think  he’ll  want  to  see  you?”
Ellen’s  head  whirled  round.  “And  why  should  he  not?”  she  demanded.  “I  may  be  a  little  older  than  you  giggling  girls,  but  I  still  have  my  monthlies  you  know,  and  my  feelings.”
Phyllis  leaned  towards  her  and  sniffed  loudly.  “That’s  why  madam,”  she  laughed.  “We  stink  of  fish  and  it’ll  take  us  weeks  to  get  back  to  smelling  of  flowers  again.”
“Stupid  girls,”  growled  Ellen.  “Anybody  would  think  that  you  invented  sex!!”
Gudrun  joined  in  the  Homesteaders  laughter,  but  in  truth,  it  wasn’t  that  funny.  They  had  been  in  Dockside  for  five  weeks,  having  been  sent  by  Connie  Nesbitt  to  help  out,  working  on  the  fishing  boats  which  had  been  dragged  up  onto  the  beach  for  their  hulls  to  be  scraped  clean.  One  boat  had  been  past  repair,  and  had  been  stripped  of  useful  parts  and  abandoned.  The  Dockside  fleet  was  down  to  four  serviceable  boats  and  a  new  one  was  being  planned  for  next  year.  Gudrun  had  decided  that  she  wasn’t  going  to  be  available  when  volunteers  were  called  for  to  fell  the  necessary  trees  for  the  new  hull.
Last  year  she  had  been  clearing  Valencia  airport’s  runway,  this  year  scraping  barnacles  off  ships  bottoms,  but  next  year  it  was  someone  else’s  turn  to  do  the  dirty  work.
It  was  a  pleasant  day,  and  they  were  in  no  great  hurry.  They  were  already  in  Burnt  Wood  and  Homestead  was  only  about  three  hours  away.  Rachel  looked  suddenly  at  Phyllis.  “Where’s  your  Sticker  then?  Thought  you  said  he  would  be  here  to  meet  us.”
Phyllis shook  her  head.  “Don’t  know,  saw  him  a  week  ago  and  he  said  he  would  be  here.  Never  let  me  down  before.”
It  was  Ellen’s  turn  to  laugh.  “Probably  found  some  other  wench  who’s  more  accommodating?”
Phyllis  scowled  at  her.  “Wouldn’t  do  that.  We’re  partners.”
“Yeah,  partners,”  sneered  Ellen.  “you,  him  and  that  bitch  Streak.”
Phyllis  looked  at  Ellen  with  murder  in  her  eyes,  but  Rachel  butted  in.  “We’d  better  get  over  to  Hood’s  Hole  and  find  out,”  she  said  quickly,  then  she  frowned.  “Hey,  it’s  awful  quiet  today.”
They  stopped  and  listened  carefully,  turning  round  slowly  where  they  stood.
“What’s  going  on?”  Asked  Gudrun.
The  others  looked  to  Rachel,  who  had  the  best  hearing.
“Don’t  know  yet,”  she  answered.  “Can’t  hear  any  dogs  at  all.  Not  even  the  young  uns.”

The  dog’s  campsite  looked  like  a  whirlwind  had  gone  through  it.  The  tents  had  been  torn  down,  and  were  laying  in  forlorn  heaps  with  the  broken  storage  boxes  scattered  across  the  clearing.  What  few  tables  and  chairs  the  dogs  had  possessed  were  now  heaps  of  firewood.
The  four  weary  travellers  looked  round  in  amazement  and  dismay.
“What  the  bloody  hell’s  happened  here?”
None  of  the  three  Homesteaders  answered  Gudrun  directly.
“Smell  it?”  asked  Rachel.
Ellen  nodded.  “Bird  shit?”
“Not  just  that.  Something  that’s  dog,  but  more  than  dog.”
“Oh!”  Phyllis  exclaimed  worriedly.  “That’s  wolf.”
“Wolf?”  Gudrun  said.  “I  thought  that  there  weren’t  any  wolves  round  here.”
Rachel  was  on  all  fours,  sniffing  at  the  soil.  She  looked  up  at  her.  “There  are  now,”  she  said  quietly.  “And  more  than  just  a  few,  I’m  thinking.”
They  stood  a  few  moments,  not  knowing  what  to  do  for  the  best.
“What  now?”  asked  Ellen.
“Can’t  stay  here,”  Rachel  said  firmly,  and  the  others  agreed.
They  decided  to  press  on  carefully  to  Homestead,  but  only  got  another  hundred  metres  or  so  down  the  trail  before  they  met  the  first  wave  of  wolves  fleeing  for  their  lives.
Ellen  was  in  front,  and  the  wolf  pack  bore  her  down  to  the  ground,  tearing  at  her  neck,  arms  and  body  in  frustration  and  anger.  Her  screams  died  within  seconds  and  her  horrified  companions  turned  and  ran  for  their  lives.
A  grey  shape  leapt  out  of  the  undergrowth  at  them.
Rachel  and  Phyllis  were  bowled  over  by  the  wolf,  but  Gudrun  raced  on.
“Got  you  now,  meat.”  Colin  growled,  and  held  Rachel  down  with  one  enormous  hand  clamped  round  her  ankle.  “You’re  mine.”  ‘Till  Big  Al  comes  back  anyway,’  he  thought.
He  didn’t  think  much  longer  though,  as  Phyllis  plunged  her  knife  into  his  back,  severing  the  spinal  cord.  He  fell  in  an  untidy  heap,  making  little  mewing  noises,  all  feeling  below  the  knife  wound  totally  gone.  Phyllis  dragged  Rachel  to  her  feet  and  together  they  followed  after  Gudrun.

The  sound  of  Gudrun’s  hand  ineffectually  slapping  against  the  side  of  the  Never  Look  Back  was  a  harsh  counterpoint  to  her  gasping  breaths.
“Please  open  the  door.  Pleeeease.”
There  was  no  answer  from  the  time  machine.
“Aaargh.  Damn  you.”
“TEMPER,  TEMPER.”
“We’re  going  to  die  out  here  if  you  don’t  open  the  door,”  yelled  Gudrun,  more  frightened  now,  than  she  had  been  for  years.
“I’LL  TRADE  YOU  AN  OPEN  DOOR  FOR  A  JOKE  TO  IMPRESS  HOOD  WITH.”
“What?  Oh  god!”  she  wracked  her  brains  for  something  funny,  but  there  was  only  horror  and  rubbish  there.
“Knock  knock.”
“WHO’S  THERE.”
“Egbert.”
“EGBERT  WHO?”
“Egg  but  no  bacon.”
There  was  a  moments  silence.
“IS  THAT  FUNNY  THEN?”
“Yes,  it’s  downright  hilarious.”
“WHAT’S  BACON?”
“Hood  knows,  she’ll  laugh  her  socks  off.”
There  was  a  small  but  very  solid  clunk  and  the  door  crept  open  at  last.
Gudrun  scrambled  inside  and  wrenched  the  lid  off  the  nearest  crate,  then  slammed  the  lid  down.  “Damn,  where  is  it?”
She  hit  the  jackpot  at  the  third  attempt,  and  lifted  Marcus’s  Growler  rifle  out  of  the  box.  “Please  work,”  she  whispered  as  she  slid  the  power  switch  forward.  A barely  audible  hum  came  from  the  huge  weapon,  as  the  indicators  rose  and  then  settled  on  just  less  than  sixty  percent.
She  laughed  briefly.  “YES,”  she  yelled  and  jumped  back  down  to  the  cave  floor.  

“UNREGISTERED  HOSTILE  SIGNAL.  POSITION  KNOWN  AND  LOGGED.”
“PROGRAM  SOFT.”
“OPTIMUM  ANGLE  IN  3,78  MINUTES.  REINSTATE  PROGRAM”
With  Hood  and  Hawk  being  below  her  horizon,  Hind  was  talking  to  herself.  Never  Look  Back  heard  the  one  sided  conversation,  but  was  powerless  to  inform  Gudrun  of  the  deranged  mining  ship’s  intentions.
Phyllis  and  Rachel  came  limping  into  view  as  Gudrun  left  the  cave,  and  she  screamed  again  as  the  first  grey  wolves  dashed  from  the  trees  to  her  right.  Swinging  the  awesome  weapon  in  their  direction,  she  lovingly  caressed  the  firing  stud.
“EXECUTE.”
In  the  blink of  an  eye,  one  wolf  became  a  charred  mass  of  carbon  and  another  went  down  howling  in  agony,  but  two  others  pressed  home  their  attack  across  the  remains  of  dog  city.  The  rifle  pulsed  again  weakly,  but  she  missed  the  swift  target  and  Rachel  fell  as  the  wolves  leapt  on  her.
“Move  it,”  screamed  Gudrun,  above  the  whine  of  the  Growler’s  capacitors  charging  up  again.  “Get  out  of  the  way,”  and  shuffled  sideways  for  a  clear  shot  at  the  snarling  animals,  but  was  thwarted  in  her  intentions  by  the  sobbing  Phyllis  going  the  same  way.
Rachel  stopped  screaming  at  last  and  Phyllis  collapsed  on  the  ground  in  shock.  Gudrun  heaved  the  rifle  up  again.
“My  turn,  oooph!”  All  breath  was  forced  from  her,  and  the  sound  of  her  arm  breaking  was  like  the  crack  of  a  whip  as  Alain’s  great  weight  bore  her  to  the  ground.  He  had circled  round  and  leapt  from  the  rocks  above  the  cave  entrance.
“Back,”  he  snarled  as  the  rest  of  his  depleted  pack  joined  their  two  brothers at  Rachel’s  body.  There  were  only  twenty  two  of  them  left  now,  sixteen  of  them  the  four  legged  variety.
Alain’s  tone  belied  his  words,  “well  that  was  fun,  wasn’t  it?”  he  said  and  kicked  Gudrun  in  the  ribs  as  she  reached  for  the  Growler  with  her  good  arm.
“Naughty,  naughty,”  chided  the  pack’s  angry  leader,  “you’ve  been  a  bad  girl  and  we’ll  have  to  teach  you  a  lesson, won’t  we?”  and  his  grin  made  Gudrun  shiver  with  fear.  He  reached  down  and  grabbed  her  by  the  arm,  then  threw  her  effortlessly  away,  as  if  she  was  a rag  doll.  She  landed  among  the  boulders  at  the  side  of  the  cave  mouth  and  slumped  to  the  floor,  blood  pouring  from  a  cut  on  her  head.  She  moaned  and  started  coughing.  There  was  more  blood  in  her  mouth,  and  the  burning  pain  from  her  broken  arm  was  only  one  spot  of  torture  in  her  twisted  body.  Her  other  arm  was  dislocated  at  the  shoulder  and  her  left  leg  was  bent  at  an  unnatural  angle.
“Let  me  bite  her,”  panted  Tomas,  “just  a  little  bit.”
Alain  ignored  him  and  picked  up  the  rifle.  “Pretty  little  toy  you  have.  May  I  look?”
Phyllis  screamed  as  Tomas’s  jaws  fastened  on  her  ankle  and  his  eyes  closed  as  he  savoured  human  blood  again.
“This  isn’t  happening,”  thought  Gudrun,  over  and  over  again.  “Caren  said  I’m  going  to  the  future.  I  can’t  die.”  And  as  she  lay  on  her  back  waiting  for  a  grisly  death,  she  saw  a  light  in  the  Eastern  sky.  Growing  brighter,  ever  brighter.
Every  nerve  in  her  body  briefly  sent  messages  of  intense  agony,  and  as  the  welcoming  blanket  of  oblivion  finally  descended,  the  Never  Look  Back  silently  screamed  for  help.
Hind’s  missile,  made  from  three  microwave  ovens  inside  a  refrigerator  and  packed  with  engine  parts  and  insulating  foam,  had  lost  more  than  half  of  it’s  mass  during  it’s  short  journey  through  the  atmosphere,  but  it  was  deadly  accurate,  and  still  left  a  crater  more  than  five  hundred  metres  in  diameter  centred  on  the  clearing.  The  sound  of  it’s  impact  was  even  heard  in  Dockside.
Homestead  was  sheltered  from  the  blast  by  the  hill,  but  several  chimneys  fell  down  and  Hood’s  chapel  collapsed  majestically  in  upon  itself.
The  sun  was  obscured  by  the  dust  cloud  and  the  remains  of  Burnt  Wood  was  ablaze  again.  The  wolf  menace  was  no  more,  but  the  cost  of  victory  changed  the  map  of  Spangerland  for  ever.
Chapter  19
Together  again
Smoke  was  still  rising  in  several  places  from  the  scorched  wasteland  that  had  been  Burnt  Wood,  but  there  was  a  gentle  breeze  blowing  from  the  West,  taking  the  haze  towards  the  sea  and  away  from  Tanya’s  vantage  point  on  a  ridge  about  three  kilometres  from  Homestead.  In  the  light  of  early  dawn,  she  could  see  no  movement  anywhere,  but  several  black  shapes  to  the  North  suggested  that  the  cattle  were  still  here.  Dead  or  alive?  She  had  no  idea.  Turning  her  head  to  look  over  her  shoulder,  she  gave  a  low  whistle,  then  motioned  for  the  others  to  join  her.
There  were  only  nine  of  them  now.  Pansy,  Flossie  and  Polly  had  been  natural  choices  to  join  Tanya  in  the  two  day  run  overland  from  Toogood  Farm,  but  there  had  been  arguments  between  the  others  about  who  would  go  and  stay.  Marco  was  bitterly  disappointed  that  Tanya  wouldn’t  let  him  go  as  well,  but  all  the  girls  agreed,  he  was  too  precious  to  be  risked  in  another  fight.  In  the  end,  Evelyn  and  her  sister  Annie  with  their  two  eldest,  Caroline  and  Marianne  were  elected  to  go  to  Homestead  as  well.  As  they  were  setting  out,  they  were  joined  by  Margo,  Jenny  and  Firenza  from  Ibis.  That  made  eleven,  but  during  the  first  night,  Evelyn  had  taken  a  bad  fall  and  sprained  her  ankle,  so  they  had  pulled  and  pushed  her  up  into  a  convenient  tree,  and  Jenny  had  volunteered  to  stay  with  her.
They  were  very  tired,  having  only  stopped  twice  to  get  a  couple  of  hours  sleep,  and  reluctantly  left  the  comparative  comfort  and  safety  of  the  ridge  for  the  long  exposed  walk  across  the  open  fields.
They  were  simply  dressed,  and  ready  to  fight.  No  flowing  colourful  robes  this  time,  only  padded  leather  jerkins  and  round  helmets,  plus  bows,  swords  and  spears.  What  they  had  lacked  on  Toogood  Farm,  Polly  and  Margo  had  borrowed  from  Ibis’s  armoury.
They  had  nearly  reached  the  West  gate.
“Gate’s  open,”  whispered  Flossie  trembling  slightly.  The  last  time  she  had  been  here  had  been  two  years  ago,  when  she  had  run  in  terror  from  the  bloodbath  that  had  been  the  battle  on  the  green,  and  had  been  the  only  survivor.
“Take  the  forge  and  cover  us,”  Tanya  whispered,  and  indicated  that  the  archers,  Margo  and  Firenza  should  go  with  her,  as  well  as  Polly  and  Marianne.
They  started  to  run  now.  Tanya  leading  Pansy,  Annie  and  Caroline  towards  the  Vine.  At  the  last  minute,  she  veered  off  and  stopped  by  the  door  of  the  cottage  next  door.  There  were  animal  noises  coming  from  inside.
“Ready?”  She  just  breathed  the  word.
The  others  nodded  and  held  their  swords  and  hunting  knives  high.
Gritting  her  teeth,  Tanya  lifted  the  latch,  and  shouldering  open  the  door  rushed  inside,  the  others  following  on  her  heels.
“Tanya?”
“Mum?”
“Tanya?”
“Simon!  Where’s  the  bloody  wolfs  then?”  Then  turning  round  quickly,  she  grabbed  Caroline  by  the  shoulder.  “Outside  you.  This  is  no  fit  sight  for  girls.”
Pansy  and  Annie  followed  them  outside,  giggling  with  relief.
“Never  saw  a  man  move  so  fast  before,”  laughed  Annie.  “Wait  till  the  girls  at  home  hear  this  one.”
“Never  saw  a  woman  go  so  red  before  either,”  replied  Pansy,  and  they  walked  laughing  across  the  green  to  collect  the  others  from  the  forge.

“Well  Tanya  Vine,”  said  Ma  Nesbitt,  smiling  broadly.  “You’re  a  credit  to  your  family,  and  no  mistake.  Your  mum’s  a  bit  put  out  though,  you  bursting  in  on  her  like  that.”
It  was  the  first  time  that  anyone  in  Homestead  had  managed  to  smile  since  they  had  run  home  on  the  day  of  judgement,  as  it  was  being  called.  The  missile  launched  by  Hind  had  been  seen  by  Connie  Nesbitt’s  party  returning  to  Homestead,  and  they  had  completed  their  journey  as  quickly  as  they  could,  in  fear  of  what  they  would  find  there.
Tanya  scowled.  “Making  babies  at  that  time  of  day.  Should  be  ashamed  of  themselves.  Ran  ourselves  fit  to  drop,  and  for  what?”
“No  no  Tanya.  That’s  not  the point.  You  thought  you  was   needed,  so  you  came.  Didn’t  need  asking  twice,  and  for  that  we  all  thank  you.”
Tanya  still  scowled,  but  Pansy  butted  in.  “Just  think  Tan.  You  nearly  stabbed  him.  He  nearly  got  your  sword  up  his  arse.”
Slowly  Tanya’s  face  relaxed  and  she  started  laughing  softly,  but  very  quickly  the  taverna  was  filled  with  peals  of  hysterical  laughter.
Simon  appeared  in  the  kitchen  doorway  to  see  what  the  fuss  was  about.  The  laughter  rose  to  new  levels  and  red  faced,  he  retreated,  slamming  the  kitchen  door  shut  behind  him.
Rule  number  one
Later  that  day,  after  the  weary  girls  had  rested,  Connie  called  some  of  them  back  to  the  Vine  for  lunch.
The  old  guru  put  down  her  spoon.  “It’ll  not  be  easy,  but  we’re  going  to  rebuild  Homestead.  The  whole  village  is  looking  a  bit  weary  now.”  She  had  seen  the  grand  houses  in  Ibis  and  wanted  to  make  her  home  town  a  better  place  to  live  in.  “Land  will  heal  itself  in  time,  but  this  place  needs  a  helping  hand.”
Sylvia  licked  her  lips  and  reached  for  her  mug  of  cider.  “Reckon  we’ll  need  help  ourselves  Connie,  we’re  getting  shorthanded.  Can’t  afford  any  more  strife  or  accidents.”
Tanya  looked  up  from  her  bowl  of  stew  frowning  slightly.  There  was  something  bothering  her.  “We  can  come  over  and  help  out  from  time  to  time  Ma,”  she  offered,  then  lowered  her  spoon  again.
“Well  that’s  right  neighbourly  young  Tanya,  but  first,  there’s  two  more  jobs  for  you.”
Tanya  looked  up  in  surprise,  “what  will  they  be  then  Ma  Nesbitt?”
“First,  I  want  you  to  see  if  you  can  find  them  dozy  dogs  for  me.  Young  Caren  has  seen  something  important  in  their  drawings  that  they  seem  to  have  missed,  or  forgotten.”
Tanya  pulled  a  wry  face.  More  work  for  the  grumpy  guru.  “What  then?”  she  asked.
Connie  took  a  deep  breath.  She  was  about  to  speak  of  one  of  Homestead’s  old  dark  secrets.  “When  I  was  only  a  bit  of  a  girl,  about  your  age,  there  was  this  woman,  lived  on  Back  Lane  she  did,  to  start  with  anyway.”  She  shook  her  head  slowly.  “Nice  old  girl  she  was,  but  she  was  blessed  by  the  Lady,  and  she  had  the  Power  of  casting.  Turned  out  she  was  the  best  caster  anyone  had  ever  heard  of.  Forecasting  weather,  births,  crops  and  so  forth.  Always  right.”
She  took  another  drink  from  the  mug.  “But  she  wasn’t  prima.  Not  even  guru,  like  me.  Guru  them  days  was  my  Grandma,  Floren.  Anyway,  Prudence,  the  caster,  got  ideas  above  her  station  and  started  studying…  unsavoury  things.  Won’t  go  into  it  now,  but  she  turned  evil  on  us.  Started  broadcasting  as  well  as  forecasting,  stopped  my  Grandma  from  seeing.  Made  decent  folk  turn  on  each  other,  murdered  my  mum,  my  old  gran  and  some  others  as  well.  I  was  only  fourteen  then,  but  I  remember  what  it  was  like,  the  mental  stuff  as  well  as  the  violence  that  came  after.”
She  took  another  sip  and  briefly  studied  her  silent  audience. 
“It  was  a  dark  time  for  Homestead  it  was,  when  we  decided  enough  was  enough.  All  through  that  long  night  she  was  still  making  us  see  things  that  weren’t  there,  and  do  things  we  shouldn’t,  but  she  tired  in  the  end.”  She  looked  round  briefly  at  all  the  sunburned  faces.  Would  they  condemn  her?
“Took  fifteen  of  us  to  catch  and  drown  her.”
The  silence  dragged  on.  Even  Sylvie  hadn’t  heard  this  before  yesterday.
“Me  and  Joannie  have  had  trouble  seeing  lately.  Then,  when  I  was  in  Ibis,  my  head  was  alright  again.”  She  looked  round  her  audience  again.  “We’ve  got  a  caster  here,  in  Homestead.”
Her  eyes  locked  onto  Tanya’s,  and  she  steeled  herself  for  the  girl’s  reaction.  “You’ve  got  to  take  Sali  Vorden  away  with  you.  She  can’t  come  here  again,  and  if  she  goes  bad  on  you,  like  her  granny’s  sister,  you’ve  got  to  be  strong,  and  kill  her.”
Tanya’s  spoon  dropped  to  the  table  as  she  quickly  stood  up.  “Sali.”  she  shouted,  but  her  mind  said  ‘Saaaliii.’
“Steady,”  said  Sylvia,  “Sali’s  a  good  girl,  probably  never  happen.”
“No,”  shouted  Tanya.  Her  mind  was  filled  with  ‘Wooolf,  Hooome,  Saaaliii.’
“I’m  a  cannibal,”  she  yelled  in  horror,  and  knocking  the  bowl  of  goat  stew  to  the  floor,  rushed  outside  to  be  sick.
Ma  Nesbitt  watched  the  horrified  girl  as  she  dashed  through  the  door,  then  turned  to  Sylvia  with  a  smile  on  her  face.  “Took  it  rather  well,  I  thought.  Didn’t  she?”
Here  ends  book  1
Thankyou  for  getting  this  far,  and
I  hope  it  was  not  too  painful  for  you.
Next  in  the  series  :
Book  2  The  Sali  Vorden  affair.
In  which  Sali  grows  up  too  quickly,
Tanya  takes  up  archery  again,
then  Walter  goes  to  church
and  gets  married  to  all  the  women  of  Lakeside.
Contains  some  bad  language,  violence,
and  several  passages  of  a  sexual  nature.
I  have  tried  to  edit  them  out
but  the  plot  does  not  work  without  them.
Sorry.
