
Dare To Be Loved

by
Stacy Lee

Patronus
Book One
Dare To Be Loved
Copyright © 2014 by Stacy Lee

All Rights Reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.
This novel is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events: to real people, living or dead: or to real locales are intended only to give the fiction a sense of reality and authenticity. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and their resemblance, if any, to real-life counterparts is entirely coincidental.

* * * * *

Dedication
To B.J., C.J., T.J., and D.J. with all my love!
To you, you know who you are. The one person who has stood behind me through everything I have ever done. Good, bad and ugly! 
You are my predestined.
Prologue
Naveen Marnie Hannock


My breathing is heavy as it pants out with the exertion of escaping. I hit the edge of the clearing with my clothes clutched to my chest and his gun heavy in my hand. I didn’t want to take it, I don’t know how to use it, but I couldn’t leave it there for him to shoot at me. So I grabbed it when I grabbed my clothes.
“Naveen! When I find you, you will pay for that!” My hated first name helps me run faster, pushing myself blindly through the woods of Yellowstone National Park. My uncle always used the name while he ‘taught me a lesson’. Any other time I was ‘hey Brat, get me this… do that right, you little shit…do something useful and make me something to eat, you worthless piece of trash.’ I shake off the memories and push myself to run faster. I can hear him coming behind me, his breathing is ragged from pain and exertion. My body hurt from his beating but I’ve ran five miles a day for the last ten years of my life, not to mention running from my Uncle since my mother died at age four. The only thing hindering my progress was my bare feet, nonetheless I push on ignoring the jabbing pain from the rocks and sticks that liter the ground and soon leave the sounds of pursuit behind.
Not allowing myself to slow down I slip my shirt over my head then do the same with the long skirt. Thank God it had an elastic waistband enabling me to keep up the speed while I struggle to cover my nakedness. Once clothed I even out my stride to pace myself and run blindly into the unknown forest leaving tremendous pain and certain death behind me.
Chapter One
Dare Beyers


“Oomph.” The blow that lands squarely against my ribs knocks the air from my lungs. I pull my bound hands closer to my stomach to protect myself while I try to find a way out of this mess. My dagger and other weapons were taken when they caught me sleeping. It was the only way the Stroli would have gotten me in this position to begin with. My breed require less sleep than most but it had been three days of solid hunting and I was on my last leg. I figured a few minutes wouldn’t hurt since the tracks in this area were several days old. 
I was wrong. 
I send a burst of power into the ground forcing it rumble. The Stroli before me stumble, but don’t fall like I’d anticipated. If they’d ease up on the abuse I might be able to expend a little magic to remove my bindings, however I wanted to wait till the last minute to try it otherwise it could backfire on me. I hated using magic. Give me a dagger or sword and I was a happy man. Magic had too many stipulations and exceptions to be trustworthy. Something always went wrong when I practiced magic.
“The mighty Dare isn’t so mighty, is he?” One of the two Stroli above me grinds out, his deep voice more of a growl than anything. Having fought this race for years is the only reason I can understand the bastard.
“Go to hell.” I bite out when another foot lands across my back. A flash of pink in the forest behind the Stroli attracts my attention. A light blonde head with wide frightened sapphire eyes and a bruised cheek peeks out from behind a tree. Instantly an overwhelming need to protect the small woman washes through me. Her bright pink t-shirt and long white skirt a beacon in the shadows for anyone who would be paying attention. In this part of the forest nothing good would be paying attention. Thankfully the bastards in front of me were only focused on me. I forcibly turn my concentration back to the Stroli, nothing inside me wants to look away from the small terrified woman. 
Facing the Stroli I view them as she would for the first time. Pale white skin covers their face, torso and arms, too white and translucent to be considered normal. Blue and violet veins are visible to the naked eye stressing exactly where the blood flows throughout their deformed bodies. Arms twice as long as a human, clawed hands that drag the ground by their animal like feet. Their powerful legs covered in fur are reminiscent to that of a grizzly bear, only longer and skinnier. The torso and head the only thing with a real resemblance to a human and even that was grotesquely deformed.
Another blow comes from behind me arching my back in pain. The woman steps out from behind the tree, a gun aimed at my attackers. Her hands shake, the weapon wiggles in her grip, but her mouth is set in determination. She takes aim and fires off a shot completely missing her targets and hitting the ground an inch from my head. Dirt sprays up in my face forcing me to take my eyes off of her and my enemy. 
Slowly the Stroli turn to face her. She takes a step back, horror etched across her pretty features when she takes in their full frontal appearance for the first time. In panic, or fear, she fires again, this time taking one of the Stroli in the shoulder knocking him to the ground. A normal bullet wouldn’t kill him, it would barely puncture the skin, but the force of the blast would hurt like hell. Something similar to a mid-range bullet hitting a human’s flak jacket, it didn’t puncture the protective armor but left one hell of a bruise. 
With her distracting them I roll to the left, grab my dagger and free myself. Launching my tender body forward I catch the Stroli advancing on her off guard decapitating him before he even knew I was behind him. The second is still writhing on the ground moaning. I approach him to kneel by his head. 
“Give my love to the Devil.” I plunge the dagger in his throat, with a quick jerk left then right his head rolls away. Wiping the knife off on his fur I rise and turn to the little bitty creature in front of me. 
She has the gun raised in front of her chest aimed directly at my heart. After seeing her shoot I wasn’t too worried about her hitting me, but I really wasn’t in the mood to deal with a bullet wound today. Even if the damn thing would heal quickly on its own, they weren’t an experience I’d recommend because unlike the Stroli it would puncture my skin.
“It’s alright now. Put the gun down.” I’m not a gentle man but I try to lower my voice to placate her. Her expression spoke of the horrors of seeing me decapitate two creatures and she wasn’t likely to thank me for it judging from the fear in her eyes. By the way her gaze narrows on me and how her grip tightens on the revolver, I don’t think I managed my desired effect.
“Who are you and why were those… things beating you up?” Her voice is surprisingly even and strong for the amount of shaking her body is doing. Inside, my forgotten conscious rears its ugly head and demands I comfort her, calm her, protect her. I shake it off.
“Who I am is of no significance.” Humans were not to know about us. To keep humans in the dark about all supernatural races was part of my job as a Patronus. “I have been searching for these two for the last few days to end them. They took out a few hu…um… people a few towns over and I have been tracking them. They ambushed me a couple hours ago. You know the rest.” Normally I wouldn’t bother explaining my actions to a human, however the woman had just put her life in danger for mine. It was the least I could do. 
As I speak I take a few measured steps towards her. Her attention is on the dead Stroli behind me giving me the chance I need to disarm her. I leap forward to grab the gun and twist, popping it free from her easy hold, never touching her. Immediately I step back tucking the gun in my waistband. “Now, any more questions?” Her cute little nose scrunches up in anger and her face turns crimson as she glares at me. She was cute when she was angry. I haven’t felt the need to laugh in a long time and desperately try to keep it under control now. I’m sure she wouldn’t appreciate it.
“If you would have asked I would have given you the damn thing.” She bites out and crosses her arms, pushing her breasts up to stand at attention. My body grows instantly hard. What the hell? I shake my head and step away from her to grab a lighter from my pocket. 
“Stand back.” I flick my Bic and ignite the two bodies, destroying the evidence of a supernatural presence. Sometimes I wish I had my brother Cash’s ability to start fires instead of being able to control the earth. Not that I would use it any more than I do the magic I have, but it’s an amusing thought. The carcasses go up quickly in a flash of orange before the ash settles on the scorched ground. I kick it around removing any trace the creatures have been here. My job was done. “Thanks for the help.” I wave over my shoulder, grab my weapons, replace the lighter and start off towards the small temporary base camp I have with my brothers not far from here.
“Wait. You can’t just leave me here! Please, I’m lost. Can you at least show me the way out?” Surprised, I stop and turn back to her. Scanning her body again, this time I pay a little more attention now that I wasn’t being kicked around. 
A bruise covers the right cheek of her otherwise beautiful face. Dark purple prints spread out over her petite neck like someone had tried to strangle her. Her light blonde hair was matted and tangled, twigs and greenery stuck in the knots as if she’d been ducking through or underbrush or sleeping on the ground. The sleeves of her shirt don’t quite cover handprints on both arms and was splattered with blood that might have been from her or whoever hurt her, then again it could have been from the Stroli she shot, but that was doubtful. The long white skirt she wore hung to her ankles, it was ripped in places and the bottom was caked in dirt. Upon closer inspection it’s now obvious the rest of her was also filthy. Anger suddenly blooms in my chest at the mere thought anyone would dare hurt this marvelous creature. The last thing I notice is her bloodied feet. The woman was barefoot in the forest? What the hell is that about?
I meet her gaze to determine the fear she was showing earlier hasn’t diminished but grown even brighter in those sapphire depths. My heart tugs painfully at seeing her so frightened. I quickly search the clearing for threats then realize it’s me she is scared of. 
“What happened to you?” I ask sternly but not threateningly. She only shrugs, her eyes flashing defiance. I turn to leave, if she didn’t want to answer, I couldn’t make her. I have to fight to get my feet to move. Nothing inside me wants to leave the woman here.
“Wait.” Her voice rises with her panic. “I got into a fight with someone. I got away but stupidly ran into the forest not thinking about how I would eventually need to get out of it. It’s been two nights and you’re the first person I’ve found. Some kind of animal was chasing me when I came upon you and those things. Please, don’t leave me here.” Resisting the urge to sweep her into my arms and comfort her I keep my back to her and force myself to take a deep breath. 
Something embedded inside me was screaming for me to grab her and run straight back to camp to claim her. My body wanted her, my mind was almost onboard with the notion, and the clawing feeling of losing control with her even before we made it there was gnawing at me. 
I never lost control, ever.
“If you can keep up, you can follow me.” I growl out then advance into the forest at a jog. A nagging feeling running with me. 

****

We jog silently through the forest till nightfall. I haven’t had any sustenance in close to three days and my mouth is so dry it feels like it’s full of cotton balls, my stomach aches with its hollowness, my body is sore and the pounding of my feet only enhance the pain. Somehow I keep up with him. If I lost him I would be stuck in these woods forever or till I died of starvation. The man in front of me is big enough to instill fear into every inch of me, however he is my only option at the moment and no matter how frightening his look, death alone is worse. 
His six foot two frame swamped my meager four foot eight, his arms were as big as some of the trees we passed, his legs even bigger. His shoulder length ebony hair highlighted his tanned face and rugged looks. The stubbly growth on his jaw suggested he hadn’t shaved in a few days giving him a more feral quality. But it was his haunted emerald eyes that drew me in, even at a distance. The minute I saw them from behind the tree I knew I had to help him no matter how terrifying those beasts were. No matter how big he was. No matter what animal had chased me there. I was the only other person there and I had to help him.
Something about those sad green eyes called to me, made me want to wrap my arms around the man, to kiss him softly and show him there was gentleness in this world. The desire to do so was irrational and impulsive, something I wasn’t when it came to men. I hated men. I was deathly afraid of men. I didn’t want any man touching me in any way, shape or fashion. And I didn’t know this man from Adam! Hell, he hadn’t even given me his name! It didn’t matter, nothing mattered. Fear, rational thoughts, a lifetime of phobias, all of it disappeared when I looked into those emerald eyes. I wanted to touch this man, hold this man, love this man.
I shake my head at the insanity of that thought, forcing me to stumble forward. A strong hand grabs my arm steadying me. Sparks ignite from his touch to travel quickly to somewhere deep inside my belly. He rapidly yanks his hand back like I burnt him, causing me to wonder if he felt it too. As if he is trying to lose me his pace picks up to an all-out run. I let out a tired sigh and follow him.
He wasn’t even breathing hard and we’d been running for hours. I wasn’t sure how much longer I would be able to keep up with him but for now I push myself forward. I was surprised he wasn’t sore from the aggressive attack of those beasts but then again he probably wouldn’t show me if he was. 
A small camp comes into view not ten minutes later prompting me to silently thank the cosmos. He slows his pace to a sprint, then a walk, then stops all together at the outside edge of the camp.
“Can I ask you something?” His deep voice rolls over me provoking my pulse to jump from only the sound. His emerald gaze stays on the small camp while mine roams his large body. Fear mingles with an untapped desire deep inside me. Damn, I needed to get a grip. I bend at the waist and plant my hands on my knees to pull in gulps of air. If I didn’t look at him, I wouldn’t want him. Yeah, right.
“What?” I pant out between breaths.
“Do you have a birthmark in the shape of a star?” Everything in me locks up to the point even my ragged breathing stops. How the hell did he know about my birthmark? It certainly wasn’t visible to him. I mean, it was on my inner right thigh, it hasn’t been visible to anyone except Dirk a few days ago and even then I don’t think he had seen it. He was too busy trying to pry my legs open to notice. So how does this complete stranger know? 
The mark has been there my entire life but it had changed with age. It started green with a design in the middle that looked like a calligraphy letter ‘D’. After age ten the letter and color began to shift, sometimes looking like a brown star with the letter ‘B’ in skin tones in the center, sometimes appearing like a green star with a ‘D’ and sometimes seeming like both, with the colors mingled together. A year ago it had settled back on the ‘D’ permanently taking on the color of an emerald. It has been the same ever since. 
“I take it from your silence you do.” He says on a long sigh that conveys his agitation with my muteness.
“I do.” I squeak out then cringe. I couldn’t show him my fear. Fear inspired men to do horrible things. “I mean, yes, I do.” I state this in a stronger more even voice and purposely stand to my full height. 
“I was afraid of that. Follow me.” With no other option, and because I’d followed him this far, I obey the obvious command. Without giving me a glance he starts forward at a fast clip, not sprinting but not really walking either. We enter the camp at a rapid pace heading straight for a tent at the end of a line of six. It is bigger than the others, the flap held open with a tie, and inside I can see five very large men gathered around a makeshift table. “Wait here.” He throws this over his shoulder as he enters the tent. Five sets of eyes look up to scan down my body, taking me in with different amounts of surprise, caution, interest and humor. The flap closes leaving me standing alone in the darkness. 
A few large men wander from tent to tent, laughter can be heard coming from inside the one closest to us. Some of the men eye me curiously but don’t make any effort to come closer. After a few minutes I flop my tired body on the ground to wait. Smells of cooking food waft towards me stimulating my stomach to protest loudly to its empty state. 
The tent flap abruptly opens behind me and I try to scramble to my feet. A hand lands on my shoulder stopping me. I turn my head to face a young man of about twenty with kind grey eyes and a slow, easy smile.
“How long since you ate something?” He asks curiously. I look away from him.
“Two, maybe three days.” I whisper embarrassingly. The day Dirk took me from my home I’d just finished lunch but that had been over three days ago. I tried to find food but the only thing I found were little round berries. I had no idea what they were or if they were poisonous or not so I left them alone. Besides, every time I got near them a growl would come from inside the forest from some animal and I would take off running again. 
Without a word the tent flap closes engulfing him. A few minutes later it reopens and he kneels beside me. He holds out a plate of some kind of meat, bread and a bottle of water. I snatch the water, twist the cap and drain it. Damn that tasted good. Before removing it from my lips I hear his voice over my shoulder.
“Give me another water.” Almost instantly it appears in his hand. He twists the cap off and offers it to me. “A little slower this time.” I nod, taking it and the plate from him.
“Thank you.” I whisper before shoving the food in my mouth hungrily. I don’t even care he didn’t give me a fork. I’m not sure when he disappeared back into the tent or when another plate was sat beside me, all I know was after finishing the second helping I was finally feeling better. I place the plates together and slide them under the flap. A hand reaches down and takes them but no one comes back out. 
Several minutes pass and I find my eyes drifting shut. After the last two nights sleeping on the forest floor, the dirt didn’t bother me and for an insane reason I didn’t want to think of, I felt comfortable here. I was sure my green eyed escort wouldn’t let any harm come to me in his presence. Curling up on my side I let the exhaustion take me away. Right before oblivion hits I hear a deep masculine voice behind me.
“Now we wait to see who she chooses.” The green eyed man’s face flashes in my head, his words not making sense. Chooses? Then I’m gone.
*
I sit in a brightly lit field of multi-colored wildflowers. The calming aroma of fresh flowers surrounds me. A brilliant blue cloudless sky shines above me. A gentle breeze blows over my body cooling me. Surveying the area I take in nothing but flowers and sky as far as the eye can see. 
I lazily pull myself to my feet, picking a daisy on my way up to put behind my ear. This place feels familiar somehow but I can’t ever remember seeing it before. I wander through the meadow for a short time feeling completely at ease for the first time in days, before a woman’s voice startles me, shattering the peace.
“You are here to choose. You only get one choice, so pick wisely.” Her authoritative voice seems to come from everywhere. I turn in a complete circle searching for a person but find I am alone in the meadow.
“Choose what?” I ask on a shout. Instantly six figures stand before me. I recognize the green eyed man immediately. Also the young man that fed me is there with him. The other four giants had been in the tent he disappeared into but I’d had no contact with them.
“Step in front of each brother. They will supply you with a name only. They cannot answer questions, they cannot talk to you, they are not really here. After hearing each name you are to choose one.” Unconsciously my feet step up in front of the first man. He is taller than the green eyed man by several inches but he is built leaner, less showy. His eyes are a deep cobalt in his angular face. His long bright auburn hair sets the blue off and they appear to glow.
“Archer.” His deep voice supplies his name, ringing out with power. He doesn’t look at me, he doesn’t even appear to notice I am there. His eyes keep to a spot above my head, unblinking and unnerving. Rattled by the large man two feet taller than me, I move to the next in line keeping plenty of distance between him and me. This man is slightly taller than my escort, six and a half feet maybe. His chocolate brown eyes are soft, his face tender, his dark brown hair cut short, nonetheless there is an edge to his posture that says he is just as deadly as the men next to him.
“Bane.” Even his voice is filled with softness. I eye him up and down then step to the next man in line. He is also tall, six foot two or so. Hard two toned eyes, deep brown rimmed in a strip of hunter green, stare at nothing, chestnut hair styled in a military type buzz cut, his jaw is set in a hard line, his posture rigid and dangerous. He is terrifying and my heart races uncontrollably.
“Cash.” His voice rumbles out loud and strong startling me enough to move quickly on to the next man in line. Even in this dream world, I wanted nothing to do with the hard man with the two toned eyes. That man was a panic attack waiting to happen. This next man I know. Like the others his eyes stay to a point above my head but those deep emerald jewels still pull my attention, I can’t seem to look away from them.
“Dare.” He states in his deep masculine voice sending a chill down my spine. Nearly a foot and a half taller than me at six two, I have to crane my neck to see him properly with his focal point forward, but that’s okay. His shoulder length ebony hair shines in the sunlight and with his jaw clean shaven he is much more handsome than I presumed. My hand unconsciously reaches up towards his smooth cheek. The compulsion to be afraid of him was gone. The craving to touch him claws at me, desire pools in my belly, my brain fogs over pushing everything and everyone else out but Dare. 
“Have you made your choice?” The woman’s voice rings out startling me back to the here and now. My hand, mere millimeters from his cheek, drops to my side in stunned disbelief. What was I doing? I don’t touch men. With a deep breath I step to the next man in line, my gaze lingers for a moment before following suit. Lean build, intelligent navy almost black eyes, long dark blonde hair hangs in ringlets down his back, not as tall as the rest, but the smirk on his lips says he’s probably smarter.
“Emmitt.” He even has the voice of someone who belongs behind a computer. I can’t help the small giggle that escapes me at the thought as I move to the last man. This one I know also, the young man who gave me the food. However brief our contact was he wasn’t a complete stranger like the other four. He was the youngest of all six men. His grey eyes and jovial face giving him the appearance of youth when he was probably older than he looked. He was also around six and a half foot with a lean build and shoulder length platinum blonde, almost white, hair.
“Fin.” His humor filled voice belts out the name in a sing-song tone dragging the short name out longer. 
“Make your choice.” The woman’s voice has grown from informational to commanding.
“What am I choosing?” I blurt out. I was confused why these six men had been placed before me. Was this some kind of test? Were the cosmos trying to see if I would run or face my fear of men? If it was hoping I would face the fear then fate picked the wrong type of men to put in front of me. Little puny men would have been much easier to ignore verses these large virile gods before me. I have had some strange dreams before but this one took the trophy for weirdest of them all.
“One of them holds your interest. Choose.” My eyes land on Dare. Even now, amidst the craziness of this whole day, through the fear and anxiety threatening to consume me, the only thing I want is to be wrapped in the safety of his arms. This is a completely insane thing to want because for me a man’s arms is the last place I would seek safety. “The choice has been made.” Startled by the finality of her tone I search around the meadow for her to appear. Only Dare remains.
“Wait, I didn’t choose anything!” I yell to the disembodied voice. No one answers me. I glance back to Dare to see him no longer staring into nothing; he was staring straight at me. Our eyes lock, sapphire to emerald, a small smirk tugs at his lips then he is gone. The breeze I hadn’t realized left returns, wafting the scent of the many flowers toward me. My eyes grow heavy with the sweet aroma. The last thing I remember is falling into a bed of wildflowers. 

Chapter Two


“How will we know when the choice is made?” Fin, my youngest brother, asks as he eyes the small woman on the cot in the corner of the tent.
“As you know, she is the first of our mates found. None of us have been through this, Fin. We will just have to wait and see what happens.” Archer, my oldest brother states patiently. He turns his deep blue eyes to me, his vibrant red hair that’s pulled back in a braid dangles over his shoulder almost reaching his waist. “How exactly do you know she has the mark? I can’t see one. Where is it?” I shift uncomfortably under the five sets of eyes that watch me closely. This pisses me off because I am not the type to squirm. That was Fin’s usual stance these days. I straighten my back and force myself to have control. I didn’t know for sure she was mine, I didn’t have to tell them the truth. 
Aw, hell. Who am I kidding? I won’t lie to them.
“I just knew.” Five sets of eyebrows rise questionably. 
“You just knew?” Bane growls. Emmitt grins at me.
“Let me translate for you, Bane. In Dare speak he means, ‘she is mine.’” Emmitt sarcastically supplies for the rest. Eyes grow wide, Emmitt smirks at me, and I feel my face heat from embarrassment. Dammit, what was this woman doing to me? A couple hours in her presence and I’m blushing? I don’t get embarrassed.
“Is that true? Is she yours?” Cash asks in his no nonsense way. I slowly exhale and nod.
“I believe so, yes. Unless any of you also have the insane urge to run away with her.” I try to joke but it falls flat as my brothers all shake their heads in serious answers.
“Will you challenge whoever she picks?” Fin asks quietly, too quietly for him.
“Yes.” I growl out before I even think about the answer. I should have known immediately she belonged to me. I blame the Stroli I was preoccupied with for the delay in realizing it. Any male Patronus could identify his mate within five minutes of meeting her, just as any female born Patronus could. 
In our lineage, because we are of Royal Blood, the female we are paired with will be human bearing the mark of our heritage, a star. Because she is of the human race she doesn’t know she belongs to us. She doesn’t even know we exist. 
This small female is the first such mate to be found for me and my brothers. She will be given a choice between the six brothers to make it seem like she has a say in the inevitable. We all know it is just a formality, for if she chooses the wrong brother, the one who knows she is his can lay down a challenge to fight for her. In days past it was a challenge to the death, but centuries ago it had been changed to unconsciousness or a brother could surrender, giving the other the win. 
After drugging her food with the necessary herbs to induce The Choosing Vision we brought her in the tent and laid her on Fin’s cot. I wanted to protest this, I didn’t want her on his cot, but I kept my mouth shut as not to give myself away. We’ve all thought of what it would be like to find our mates, some wanting it to happen more than others. I was one who couldn’t have cared less. Having someone so fragile to take care of was not my idea of a good time. Nevertheless, watching her lay there asleep, peaceful and calm, made my forgotten heart beat faster. I never thought about love or futures, that was for women to do, but with my future laying not five feet away from me I have to wonder what it will be like? What she will be like?
“I thought so.” Archer’s wide grin pulls me from my thoughts. “Let’s hope she is smart enough to choose you. Did you show the woman any kindness while you ran through the forest with her half-starved and barefoot?” He asks with a knowing smirk. Of course I didn’t. I didn’t even give her my name so she wouldn’t be influenced when faced with The Choosing. Of course that wasn’t my original intention in keeping it from her, however when I realized what was happening I had kept quiet. I wanted my brothers to have an equal chance with her, to let her chose her fate. Then I would kick whoever’s ass she picked and take her anyway. The thought levels out my head giving me back my much needed control.
“So we just stand here and wait to see what happens next?” Bane asks in aggravation. Obviously he was tired of the conversation. 
“No, we continue what you were doing when I showed up. I took out the two Stroli I was looking for, so unless more have been sighted in the area we are free to go home for now, yes?” I needed to keep my mind busy so I didn’t think about who she might choose. 
Fin had showed her kindness and fed her, where I had dragged her through the woods in silence. Not knowing was killing me. Archer pins me with a long hard stare still wanting an answer to his question. I huff out a breath and glare at him. 
“No. I told her to follow me then I ran the five hours straight here. Does that make you happy, big brother?” I ask sarcastically. His brows furrow.
“No, but she is your mate.” He shrugs and looks to the maps in front of him. “If you want to be cruel that is your business, but if you ever lay a finger on her in harm you will have us to answer to.” Responding grunts sound around the room. They knew me better than that but when they saw her feet none of them were happy with me. I let the comment slide and he continues as if he hadn’t just threatened me. 
“Bane and I took out the three that were reported near the North side, Cash and Fin took out the two in the West. Emmitt took the East, he found four total in what we believe was their nest, and you took South ridding us of those two. I believe this area is clear for the moment, at least of the Stroli that have been harming the humans nearby. Not sure what else is out here though, it’s a large area perfect for Thanus, Babbles, Vampires and Shifters.” Archer shrugs and rolls up the map he was pointing to as he spoke.
“Fin and I eliminated two Vampires last night but I imagine they weren’t here for a long term stay, only passing through. A male and female, I believe they were mates.” Cash shrugs with the information. 
It was our job not only to keep the existence of other races from being discovered by the humans but also to uphold justice between the races themselves. The Stroli and Babbles weren’t good for anything but death. We tended to kill them on site, however we usually gave Vampires a chance to live if they haven’t been accused or caught in the act of harming a human.
“Was there justification to killing them?” Archer asks with a narrowing of his eyes on Cash who hated Vampires and would rather see them all dead.
“Yes, they were feeding on a human. We returned her back to the camp site she’d been removed from after calling in Silus to wipe her memory of the attack. She wasn’t drained but they took enough that she’ll probably be weak for a few days.” Archer nods with acceptance. Silus helped many times in the same situations. A vampire who teetered on the verge of the supernatural society, he tended to help those who offered the most pay. Cash had saved his life a few decades ago and Silus helps him out free of charge. The rest of us pay out our nose for his vampire ability to change or completely remove memories with hypnosis, a natural vampire trait.
I turn to ask Fin a question when fire rips through my body landing me on my knees. A female voice resonates through the tent. “The choice has been made. Dare Beyers do you accept Naveen Marnie Hannock as your Mate or will there be a challenge issued?” I lift my eyes meeting each of my brothers squarely. No one issues the challenge, they wouldn’t, they knew she was mine. Even for those who wanted a mate desperately, he didn’t want just any mate, he wanted the one woman in the world that was made solely for him. They wanted their mate, just as I wanted mine.
“I accept.” I grit out through the pain. 
“The Mating will only be justified once The Claiming has been completed. You have forty-eight hours before the tie is severed and she dies.” I grit my teeth against the pain of what feels like hot coals being raked over my inner right thigh. Then just as quickly as it came most of the pain subsides leaving me on my knees panting.
“I didn’t know there was a time limit on The Claiming. Did you know a mate would die if it didn’t happen, Archer?” Fin’s wide eyes search his big brother’s face for confirmation. We all heard the woman’s voice but like Fin we were all too stunned by the proclamation to answer him. Archer clears his throat. Twice.
“Um, no, I didn’t know that little tidbit of information. I’m sure Dare won’t have any trouble following through though.” His smile is easy as he looks to me, only the tightness around his eyes shows he’s worried. We were in the middle of Yellowstone, in a tent, with very few men for protection with us. If knowledge were to get out Naveen was in our midst we were sitting ducks for an ambush. I needed to get her out of here, fast.
I drag myself up off the floor then drop my pants to see what the hell was still burning so damn bad. Inside my inner right thigh, just below my crotch, lies a perfect blue star with a calligraphy style ‘N’ in the center of it. I’m guessing for Naveen. I wonder briefly if hers had a ‘D’ and make a mental note to check. We had never actually seen the birthmark before. Our mother’s hadn’t been in a place that was shown to her sons. Until now I didn’t even know the initial inside it existed. 
“Holy hell. No wonder you didn’t see a birthmark, Archer. Dare might have killed us all if we had. Especially if she’s commando too!” Emmitt laughs heartily. I glare at him, it doesn’t faze his laughter or the others as they join in. Angrily I grab my pants and yank them back up, mindful not to catch myself in the zipper. I really needed to remember to wear boxers when I go out with my brothers. It’s not like I drop my pants often so why the hell would I have thought to wear them.
“We need to get going. I want to get her home.” That statement only makes them laugh harder. 
“Of course you do. I would want to get her home myself if I was in your position.” Emmitt huffs out between laughs. I ignore him.
“Anyone have a suggestion on shoes for her?” I grind out.
“Her feet are a quarter the size of ours. What would you suggest, Dare? We give her clown shoes to clomp in with those cut up feet you made her run on? No, we don’t have shoes for her.” Bane snaps. What the hell was his problem? Archer shakes his head at me before I can voice my opinion at what I thought he could do with that answer.
“I will bandage them as best I can. It will at least give her some padding.” Fin states as he grabs a roll of gauze and supplies to clean her feet from a first aid kit we had never used but always keep on hand. It doesn’t take him long before he has both feet fully covered in enough gauze to protect the soles of her feet and keep dirt from returning into the cuts already there. Suddenly the tent flap flies open, a Patronus soldier named Sven stumbles in bleeding from multiple deep gashes across his back and front.
“Stroli and Vampires. Five minutes away.” He falls to the ground in a pool of his own blood. Fin drops to check him out and administer help. Luckily he would heal, we only died from beheading or a vampires bite, he just needed time. We jump into action shoving maps and papers into bags, strapping on weapons, and getting ready for a fight. A hand latches onto my arm stilling my momentum out the door.
“Not this time, brother. Get your mate out of here. Jack, Wren and Morgan are waiting not far away with the chopper to come for us when we are ready. Send out the call, get to somewhere they can pick you up then send them back for us after she’s safe. She is what’s important now.” Archer’s steady gaze pins me down and forces me to obey. 
Being the oldest he had been given the ability to force his will on the five of us if he felt it necessary. Just as Cash can control fire and I can move the earth his abilities were over the mental aspect of things. It wasn’t just us he could use them with, nonetheless that was normally the case. Very rarely does he have to use the ability because he was usually right, just as he was this time. Obviously he expected me to fight him on it but even without his control over me I would have done as he said. 
“I agree.” I state flatly, a little peeved he felt he needed to use force.
“Oh, sorry then. I didn’t expect you to leave us here alone without a fight.” He grins, slaps my back and leaves the tent. Well, when he put it that way, maybe he was right. I might not have. I sprint to the cot and lift my mate in my arms. Fin slits the back of the tent with his dagger, giving me an escape. I nod my head in thanks as I run out the back and into the woods away from the sounds of fighting.

****

I am traveling fast, too fast. Strong arms cradle me to a wide chest covered in a dark shirt, an alluring scent of tree bark and man deriving from him. Lifting my head I take in Dare’s rugged features above me, his gaze staring forward deep in concentration of where he’s going. The world is flying past us at an alarming rate, everything is blurred beyond recognition. How the hell was he moving so fast?
“Dare?” I rasp out, the name sounding strange on my tongue. It was the first time I had said it aloud. I only hope the dream had been right and his name really was Dare.
“Now that you know my name, can I have yours?” He asks without taking his eyes off the trees around us, or at least I think those were trees. I hesitate, I didn’t want him to call me Naveen. I hated the name but did I give him it anyway? The last time I gave someone my full name he used it even after I asked him not to. Something told me this man already knew my name and lying would be a big mistake. “Is there a problem? You have a name, don’t you?” He asks with a smirk. I huff out a sigh.
“Yes, I have a name but I hate it. Naveen, but please call me Marnie. That’s my middle name and I like it much better.” I can only pray he doesn’t ask why.
“Marnie. I like it, but Naveen is also a nice name. Any reason why you hate it?” Of course he would ask.
“Yes, but I would rather not get into it while traveling at the speed of light with you. Why exactly are we running hell bent through Yellowstone?” He barks out a laugh causing my belly to flutter and not out of fear.
“Because our camp was attacked and it is my responsibility to get you to safety. Also because we have two Stroli on our asses and they’re catching up fast.” His brow furrows and he cocks his head like he’s listening to something. 
“Stroli?” I ask not knowing the word.
“The beasts that were attacking me in the woods.” My whole body shutters at the reminder of those creatures. He finally looks down at me. “Nothing to worry about. Can you climb?” My eyes widen. In the area we were traveling through the only thing he could possibly mean were trees. Surely not!
“Trees?” He nods. I gulp. “Um, no. I have never been good at pulling myself up. Weak arms. Too short. Not a good jumper. Too high.” I babble trying to forget the fact we were being hunted while running at superspeed through a forest and he wanted me to climb a tree! Not to mention I was wrapped in very large male arms. Unlike most females, this wasn’t a dream of mine. If we weren’t moving so damn fast I would put up a fight. As it was, I was afraid he would drop me.
“This will be a good time to learn.” He comes to an abrupt halt at the bottom of a very large pine. The first branch had to be at least eight feet up. Dropping my feet from his hold he grabs around my waist and lifts me easily above his head. I am still a few inches from touching the limb. His hands begin to slide down my legs lifting me higher and higher as he goes. Right as my fingertips touch the branch his grip slips on my skirt and I slide down his body to land roughly on the ground. I grit my teeth with the jarring pain to my sore muscles and battered feet.
“Sorry. Please excuse my next action.” Before I can ask what that action is, he lifts my skirt and plants his hands firmly on my bare hips. Oh God, I didn’t have underwear on. I left them in the clearing with Dirk in my hurry to flee. His eyebrow quirks questionably before he lifts me in the air. Slowly he works his hands down my bare legs once more. Everywhere his skin touches mine electrical sparks shoot from his touch straight to my core. By the time I reach the limb I’m biting my lip to keep in a whimper, whether it was of fear or need, I wasn’t sure.
My mind was telling me to run far away from this man, and my body was craving him like chocolate during that time of the month. I have never had such feelings for any man before. At twenty I was still a virgin. Not that Dirk didn’t try to change that a few days ago but luckily I had taken self-defense classes as soon as Uncle died, never wanting to be in a situation where I was helpless again. It had paid off with Dirk. I don’t think the same moves would work with Dare. Unlike the scrawny computer nerd, Dare struck me as the type that could handle any resistance with ease. Then again what woman would resist such a man?
I reach out and grab the limb above my head, hooking my arm around the thick bark. His hands release me. “Now what?” I squeal as I dangle eight feet from the ground. A clawing sound draws my attention to Dare climbing swiftly up the trunk like it was a ladder. Before I know it he is above me pulling me up to stand on the limb.
“Now we climb.” He says confidently. I turn to the tree and look up and up and up to the top. 
“How far are we climbing?” I squeak out through my fear. I hate heights.
“Till I say stop. Come on, let’s go. They’re coming.” He motions for me to start, provoking a sigh. Placing my foot on the next available branch then finding hand holds I pull myself up tripping on my skirt in the process. I lay my head against the tree and try to figure out something other than what I knew I had to do.
“Can you go above me, please?” I ask in what sounds like a small voice even to me.
“If I go above you I won’t be here to catch you if you fall.” He states matter of factly. Or stop me from going back down, I think to myself. A roaring not far away changes that thought very quickly. It was follow him or face those ugly creatures. I’d take my chance with the man, but it was a close call.
“If you don’t go above me I will have to leave my skirt how it is and I’m guaranteed to fall. With you above me I can tie it up shorter. Please Dare, go up first.” He huffs out a laugh while his passionate gaze pulses dark green. There was nothing sad in that gaze now.
“Very well, but I wouldn’t mind staying here.” As he passes me he gives me a heated look I can only call blatant desire. Once he is above me I roll the elastic waistband of my skirt several times to efficiently make my floor length skirt thigh high. I shudder with the thought of anyone seeing me like this. I was not a mini skirt, short shirt, skin showing girl. Once that problem is fixed I begin to climb one frightening branch at a time.
Not far up I choose the wrong limb to stand on. It snaps under my weight plunging me into nothingness. A strong hand clamps over my wrist, my body slams into the tree and it takes everything I have not to scream as the broken limb tears open my right thigh. The first lesson in self-defense, never show fear, never let them know where you are weakest. Pain was something I knew and knew well. Without a word he lifts me to his branch, steadies me then keeps climbing.
About twenty feet up from the first branch my foot slips and in my scramble to balance myself I look down. I freeze. My hands wrap around the tree, my feet refuse to move and my brain shuts off. My whimper draws Dare’s unwanted attention. 
“What’s wrong?” He shouts down at me from about three feet above.
“Too high, way too high.” I shout back in a hysterically high voice. In an instant he is beside me.
“Scared of heights?” He asks in the softest tone I have heard him use. His finger loops under my chin forcing my gaze off the height we have climbed. 
“Very. I’d ask if we can get down now but I don’t think I will be able to do that either. Just leave me here. My bones can be food for the tree.” I ramble, trying not to think of the situation but only making it worse. His lips tug up.
“I don’t think the tree would like you as food. You might be too sweet for it.” I huff out a laugh despite myself.
“Are you calling me sweet, Dare? I didn’t know you could give a compliment. Actually, I didn’t think you talked much at all.” The five hour run in silence had taught me that Dare didn’t like to talk.
“Sorry about that. Both the silence and the running. I didn’t think about your feet when I made you follow me and I had my reasons for the silence.” He looks up abruptly then cocks his head like earlier. With a quick movement he swings behind me on the branch I’m standing on, his body presses mine tightly into the tree.
“Dare?” I ask on a breathy moan. Oh God, my body loves this, my mind is screaming for me to push him away, the fear of both him and the height have me holding onto the tree for dear life. Pain radiates down my legs from all the scratches and cuts I received while climbing up. One in particular on my right thigh is screaming in agony. 
However none of that matters with his body touching mine from head to toe. His hard muscular frame promised both, pain and pleasure, depending on what signals I gave him. I’m sure he could satisfy me umpteen times with nothing more than a gentle caress of those large hands but he could also break me in half if I disappointed him in any way. My history with men was yelling at me that this man was large enough to hurt me with only a tap, he didn’t even have to hit me to inflict pain with those enormous hands. Having him pin me like this wasn’t helping my fear of him. 
Then the woman side of me that has never been explored is cooing, begging and whimpering for him to do more than stand here. She didn’t care that we were teetering on a tree limb at least twenty eight feet from the ground and one wrong move could break the limb and plunge us towards our death. Nope, she didn’t care at all. She just wanted him to take her, now. The woman side of me was a slut. 
The ‘whomp-whomp-whomp’ of helicopter blades reaches my ears and Dare presses us tighter to the tree against the wind they cause. 
“Yes, Marnie?” His voice comes from right next to my ear, his hot breath caressing the lobe. I can’t remember why I said his name to begin with so I go with the more obvious question.
“Why is there a helicopter floating above us?” The chopper has stopped above the trees, hovering. 
“That’s our ride. You know what, Marnie? I am so glad you chose me.” He places a light kiss on my neck as he presses his very impressive erection into my backside. His words take a minute to sink in but when they do the fog of desire lifts.
“How do you know about my dream?” I ask skeptically. I watch when something long and skinny falls from the chopper. He didn’t think I was going to be able to climb a rope into that chopper, did he?
“It wasn’t a dream. It’s called The Choosing. It gives all six of the brothers an equal chance.” He reaches out and grabs the rope from the sky after it drops. He deftly ties a loop in the end of it. “Put your foot in here then hold on tight.” My eyes snap around to meet his. Was he insane?
“You want me to hold on to the rope? Then what? We fly through the air with me dangling hundreds of feet above my death? Hell, no!” I shout at him. Whether I’m afraid of him or not, I wasn’t just going to let him send me to my death without a fight.
“Of course not. Jack is in the chopper, he will pull you up. Once you are secure he will send the rope back down for me.” He squats on the limb, his fingers lightly encircle my ankle. Stunned by his gentle touch I only watch as he places the rope around my bandaged foot. Next he stands letting his fingertips scan the length of my bare legs, over my waist, barely grazes the edges of my breasts, out to my wrists where he pries one hand then the other off the tree and wraps them around the rope. Resigned to this fate I meet him squarely in the eye.
“Will you at least tell me what I chose you for before I die?” I challenge. My body doesn’t want him to stop touching, my mind wants to push him out of the tree and be done with him but my instincts tell me I need to trust this man. My instincts are often wrong.
“Your mate.” He lets go of the rope sending me swinging in the air on a scream. My mate? Like a husband? 
“Your mate? Oh, hell no! You’re fucking crazy!” I scream to his smirking face while the rope starts to pull me upward. I cling to the thin piece of twine praying it held me till I reached safety. Fear has me frozen, my hands clenched to the point my knuckles are white, the bandage on my injured foot nowhere near enough padding to stop the pain all my weight puts across the strip of rope. The helicopter dips then rises above me fighting the slight breeze that has picked up in the last few minutes. I scream, terrified when the ropes jerks with its motion.
And all the while my fear scrambled brain is trying to wrap around his words. His mate? I had to have heard him wrong. I wasn’t his mate! I didn’t want nor did I need a man. Especially not one I didn’t know anything about. He said barely twenty words to me in the five hours we spent together yesterday and that includes the few minutes he explained why he was in the woods to begin with. How the man could possibly think I would be anything to him was preposterous. 
But how did he know about the dream? That I had chosen him. Even if it was unintentional, I had, in fact, chosen him. It was once again daylight and I remember nothing after I’d fallen asleep outside the tent till waking up in his arms. Nothing but that dream.
Finally, I reach the top. Two hands reach down and grab me below the arms to pull me on board. A man eyes me with amusement, his gaze stopping on my rolled up skirt. I quickly pull at it covering parts that shouldn’t be seen.
“You’re not Dare. No wonder the rope was so light.” He grins and tosses it back overboard. I scramble back away from the opening, pressing my back against a compartment under the bottom of a seat, moving as far away as I can get from him. 
With the man’s attention on pulling up Dare I rapidly unroll my skirt to cover my bleeding and bruised legs. The hand prints Dirk left there a reminder of how I got in this situation to begin with. I press the material to the deep gash on my thigh to try and stop the bleeding as a hand grabs the opening and Dare lifts himself into the chopper effortlessly. He climbs to his feet to stand in the gap, the morning sun glaring behind him shadows his body in darkness. His hands are clenched by his sides, his posture rigid and imposing as he stares at me with hard eyes. Those glowing emeralds the only thing I can make out on his shadowed face.
“What did you say to me?” His voice is low and menacing. Stalking forward he towers over my small frame on the floor.
I’d been scared of him in the forest as I followed him blindly. I feared him when he pinned me to the tree with a body that would be unrelenting if I tried to fight back. He’d done nothing to provoke the fear I felt, it was mainly in my imagination because of my history with men. Right this minute I had a reason to be terrified. 
He was an imposing figure towering above me like he could knock me out of this helicopter without a second thought. Hell, maybe he could. I didn’t know this man or his temperament and even though I felt I had nothing to be afraid of, fear is an irrational presence that consistently preys on my brain and right now I was as irrational as I could be.
“Where to, Dare?” The pilot shouts out behind him. He raises his hand presumably to point out the direction but in my fear addled brain it is to strike out at me. I see Uncle standing there over my small body and I flinch and cringe away from him, rolling into a small protective ball, covering my head with my arms to leaving a small gap to watch him from. His eyes widen as he takes in my reaction then he slowly drops his hand.
“Five miles east, we should find my brothers somewhere out that way. That’s where I left them anyway.” The entire time he speaks he doesn’t take his eyes off mine. Very slowly as if approaching a wild animal he squats down in front of me. “Marnie, I hope you know I would never raise my hand to you. I don’t work that way.” 
Very gently he lays his hand on my leg. I yank it away from him and scramble back into a sitting position as far away from him as possible, which isn’t far enough in the small confines of the chopper. It wasn’t so much I thought he was going to hit me, it was the look in his hard eyes, the tightening of his jaw, the clench of his fist and the tilt of his head. He was angry. An angry man was a dangerous man. And Dare was dangerous when he wasn’t angry. Dare would be dangerous stoned out of his mind on happy juice and dancing naked in the snow.
I reach up to brush the hair out of my eyes smearing blood from my thigh across my face. The sticky warm liquid on my lips and the metallic smell in my nose is the last straw for me. Three days of insaneness, first Dirk kidnaps me, then he tries to force himself on me with every intention of killing me afterwards, getting lost in the forest, some creature following me, barking, snarling and chasing me right into Dare and his two buddies, those terrifying beasts with beady eyes! And a little blood sends me over the edge. 
I grab my skirt and frantically scrub at my face, hot tears stream down my cheeks only to be mixed with the crimson liquid. Sobs wrack my body as I try and fail to remove it. I only manage to smear it more. In a quick move Dare slides down beside me and pulls me into his arms holding me tight to his chest. I try to fight but his grip is too firm, yet he doesn’t hurt me. The comfort his embrace brings is both surprising and alarming. All the fight leaves me in a rush, the fear becomes nameless while wrapped in his arms, the harsh voice of Uncle quiets for the first time in decades, and to my utter disbelief I take the comfort this man is offering me. My head lands softly on his chest as emotions overcome me.

Chapter Three


I don’t know what set her off exactly, whether it was my words or what she perceived as a threat when I approached her or my hand rising too quickly as if to strike her, but watching her tear at her face trying to rid herself of the blood broke my heart. Without thinking of her reaction I grab her tightly to me and hold her arms pinned beside her before she hurt herself. When she finally calms enough to drop her head on my chest I take the moment to search where the blood came from. When I pulled her forward I had twisted her to sit on her left hip because the right side of her skirt is coated in blood. Releasing one hand from around her I reach for the material, she tenses in my arms as soon as my fingers touch her.
“I need to check on your leg, nothing more.” I softly try to placate her while I draw the material further up her thigh. Her body shutters harder the higher it goes. Scratches, cuts and bruises begin to become visible. Hand prints on her inner thighs as if someone had tried to pry her legs open makes my blood boil. What had she said when I asked her what happened to her? She had gotten into a fight but got away? This wasn’t a fight, it was an attack. Revealing the deep gash along her thigh I decide to let the questions drop long enough to take care of her wounds.
“Hey Jack, can you pass me the first aid kit?” He reaches up around Morgan in the co-pilots seat and grabs the tackle box full of supplies. “When did you do this, Marnie?” I ask as I open the box and remove a thick pad to wipe the wound.
“Bottom of the tree, about three branches up when you caught my wrist.” She grits out. Her tears have stopped and she seems to be calming back down. “I’m sorry I lost it. It has been a long three days.” She sniffs then flinches with the pressure I apply.
“No problem. We all reach a breaking point at some time or another.” She snorts.
“I bet you don’t.” A serious humor laces her voice.
“Not often, no.” Now that the blood was washed away I could see how badly her thigh was injured. She climbed a good fifteen feet with a three inch gash deep enough to require stitches, it must have been excruciating. “Jack, what do we have in there for pain?” I ask quietly, too quietly for her to hear knowing Jack’s ears were as fine-tuned as mine. He digs in the box then holds up a vial of bright blue liquid.
“The only thing we have is Morp. I don’t think humans can have this.” She might be human but she was also a mate.
“I need to stitch this up and I’m not doing it without something for pain. Pull out two cc’s.” He eyes me for a minute then obeys, handing me the needle full of blue meds. “This is going to sting.” I whisper in her ear when I insert the needle into her pale skin at the junction of her neck and shoulder. Her eyes fly open and she sucks in a deep breath as the Morp enters her system.
“Burns, not stings.” She grits out. “Oh, hell! What did you do to me?” She cries out, her back arches in pain. I wrap my arms around her and hold her close.
“It’ll stop in a minute. Don’t fight it, let it put you to sleep.” I try to console her, however I’m not sure she hears me through her sobs. Oh boy, I hope I didn’t just screw up. It takes almost five heart wrenching minutes before her body relaxes in my arms, her head lulls to the side and her breathing evens out. “Thread me a needle, Jack.” I lay her gently across two of the seats then sit on my knees beside her to sew up her wound. 
“I see a clearing to my right, do you want me to sit it down and search for your brothers? I’m almost where you said they were.” Wren’s voice comes through the ear piece I had shoved in a few minutes ago.
“Do you see any sign of them?” I ask when I finish the last stitch. Tossing the needle in the box I tape a pad over the wound before turning my attention to the window. Pulling my phone from my pocket I pull up the GPS app and search for my brothers signals. All five of them were less than a quarter mile away and moving this way fast. “Sit it down. They’re coming to us.” He nods then maneuvers the chopper into position.
At the same time we touch the ground my brothers break through the trees. Cash has Bane thrown over his shoulder, Archer was holding up Fin and Emmitt was bringing up the rear with a slight limp he didn’t have last night. They pile into the chopper and motion for Wren to go. He follows instructions immediately, lifting out of the clearing just as it’s swarmed with Stroli and Vampires alike. 
“Damn. Who started the war?” I ask sarcastically. I sit Marnie up tenderly then slide in beside her to let her body rest against mine. 
“Not sure. They just kept coming. Just as we would kill them all another wave would roll in. By the time we lost all the men with us we decided fleeing was our best option. There was just too many. We could hear you coming and ran towards the sound.” Archer shrugs. Turned away from us he’s intently watching the scenery pass by. “Can I ask a question?” He turns his head to stare at Marnie. I nod. “Why is your mate unconscious with blood all over her face?” He lifts a brow at me with a hard glint in his eyes.
“We had to climb a tree and she cut her leg. She didn’t realize she had blood on her hand when she touched her face. I stitched her up after I drugged her, which is why she is unconscious.” Jack cuts his eyes at me. Yeah, that wasn’t the whole story but for some reason I didn’t want them knowing she broke down. She tried so hard to be strong, and I didn’t think she would appreciate them knowing she wasn’t. The woman was strong, she had followed me through the forest barefoot not knowing where I would lead her. She kept up an even jog for five hours without compliant, not many women, hell not many men, could do that.
“I haven’t restocked the first aid kit for humans in a while. Was there something in there for her?” He asks curiously, his knowing glare says he doesn’t need the answer.
“I gave her 2 cc’s of Morp.” 
“You did what?!” Four brother’s voices rise in outrage. Only Bane, who is still unconscious on the floor, doesn’t yell at that. 
“Morp is not meant for humans, Dare!” Emmitt spits out. “Wren, speed us up. We need to get her to Angie, ASAP.” He nods and the chopper speeds up exponentially. Emmitt was an electronic genius, Fin was a mechanical miracle worker, together they had modified this baby to perfection. Speed wasn’t an obstacle in her, not any more.
“She is a mate. She should be fine.” I try to defend myself but the worried looks of everyone in the cab add to my building nervousness.
“She is a potential mate. She hasn’t been through The Change yet therefore she is still very much human. Keep track of her pulse and respirations till we get there.” Emmitt is the smartest of us all. He has degrees in both electronics and medicine that I know of. I’m sure he has several we don’t know about shoved in a box in the back of his closet. He seems to always be studying something. 
The flight from Yellowstone to the coastline of Texas didn’t take near as long as it would have if we’d been in any normal helicopter. Wren easily lands on the tip of Galveston Island at my beachfront home. Well, compound would probably be a better word for it. Several buildings stretch out around the large main housing unit that was built to hold over five hundred Patronus families if necessary. Right now only about two hundred families and another two hundred soldiers and single civilians resided in these walls. 
Each of us brothers had an area like this spread out around the world. Mine however seemed to be where you could find them most of the time. They only traveled to the other compounds if something was in need of attention. We were stronger together and preferred to stay close at hand when necessary. Our locations changed ever few decades to keep the enemies guessing. This one had been here longer than most, going on thirty years. We would have to move it soon but I kept putting it off because I loved the area so much. 
“Angie’s waiting in her office for you.” Jack, Angie’s mate, motions me to follow him. He has been on the phone most of the flight relaying Marnie’s stats. I jump from the chopper with Marnie in my arms and follow him through the twists and turns of the housing complex. Angie’s ‘office’ was a medical bay in the middle of the compound comprising of four beds and a clean room for surgeries. She was rarely anywhere else unless Jack was home, then you would have to knock at their room next door to get her attention.
Jack has been my second in command for close to three hundred years. Only my brothers and I ranked higher than him in this compound. He was a good man, a good fighter and a wonderful mate, or so Angie said. They had been together close to a hundred years now and to see one was to see the other. It made me nauseous most of the time but to each their own. If he wanted to be a lovey-dovey man then it was his business. He could still behead any other race faster than most and that’s all I cared about.
“Put her on the bed closest to my computer.” Angie instructs in a no nonsense manner. Her little glare before turning to grab wires says she’s just as pissed at me as the others are. And by the way she didn’t greet Jack says she’s probably mad at him for letting me inject her in the first place. 
Her hazel eyes scan over Marnie before she reaches in the lime green coat she’s wearing and pulls out a syringe to take blood. “Grab a rag and wash her face. Can’t have her looking like she’s been beat up now can we?” I flinch with the words, her bruises will suggest otherwise once the blood is gone.
Angie moves between her computer that’s placed on a metal rolling cart and Marnie, placing wires and sticky pads on her body. Her five foot eight petite frame gracefully moves around the room. Her strawberry blonde hair is piled on her head out of the way, a tight t-shirt and jeans are visible under her coat. Jack had bought her the jacket as a joke a few Christmas’s ago but she loved it. She used to have a white one but she kept staining it with chemicals and fluids while she worked and always complained that white was the wrong color for doctors to wear. Why not red or black or lime green? Her favorite color was lime green and according to Angie everything should be that color.
“Tell me about how she reacted when you gave it to her and on the ride. Anything unusual?” Her voice is clipped and to the point as she adjusts the monitors now relaying Marnie’s heartbeat and oxygen levels.
“She said it burned after I gave it to her. She was in pain for about five minutes before it knocked her out. Four times her breathing sped up and so did her heart after I was done with the stitches. I’m not sure of during, I wasn’t paying attention then.” She grabs a set of new wires and attaches them to Marnie’s head with stickies. The other end is a USB connection which she plugs into her computer before returning to Marnie’s side.
“Dreams. How long was each episode?” She shines a light in Marnie’s eyes then looks up to me.
“No more than three minutes each time. What do you mean dreams?” I mutter.
“Morp makes us loopy, it controls pain and usually knocks us out for roughly thirty minutes. Just long enough to do what’s needed depended on the amount given, like stitches to keep you from bleeding out while you heal. In a human it affects a part of the brain that generates fear. Those moments you felt her heart race is because she was dreaming of what scares her the most. Three minutes is good because she found a way to get out of the fear induced hallucination. Whether she faced it or found a way around it, she managed to beat it enough to escape. They were probably small fears, ones she already has a handle on. It’s when she comes to a big one that we need to worry. If she can’t pull out of the dream fast enough it could cause a stroke or cardiac arrest. That’s what the risk is with humans, they aren’t immortal and can die from literally being scared to death.” She pulls her chair out and sits before her computer, her hands flying rapidly over the keys.
“Emmitt has developed new software I’m testing for him that might help us with this. If we can see what is going on in her head you might be able to control her fear enough to slow her heart rate down and wake her up. Jack said The Choosing had been completed but The Claiming hadn’t?” She asks while furiously typing away. I cut my eyes to Jack who shrugs.
“No, it hasn’t.” I growl out.
“Then I suggest you wait till the Morp has left her system to do so. Any excitement will bring her heart rate up and you take a chance of her stroking out.” That doctor’s tone of hers can really get annoying.
“Did Jack also tell you there is a forty-eight hour time limit on The Claiming? If it isn’t completed she dies.” I bite out. She pauses in her typing and looks over her shoulder at me.
“Really? I didn’t know that.” Jack shuffles his feet in the corner, neither did he. “What time was The Choosing and what time did you give her the Morp?”
“I heard the decision at 12:05 a.m. and we gave her the Morp eleven hours later.” She nods and returns to her computer.
“Then you have till eleven tomorrow before the Morp is clear. That gives you till 12:05 tomorrow night to finish the necessities. You should be fine.” Fine? I should be fine? My body was screaming for me to take the woman now, hard and fast, but I should be fine? This mating shit was surely going to kill me. 
Just then the monitors attached to Marnie begin to go haywire. Shrill alarms sound, her pulse jumps to dangerous levels and her breathing begins to pant out. The monitor above Angie’s head flickers from blank to colors to blank again before a picture comes into view.
Marnie stands in the grass between two dirt roads. In front of her about a hundred yards in each road is a figure shrouded in deep shadows. 
“That’s what she’s seeing?” I ask in a hushed voice. Angie nods slowly never taking her eyes from the screen.
The blue cloudless sky above Marnie darkens to a stormy grey, the grass on either sides of the roads turn to fields of wildflowers and a breeze begins to blow her long blonde hair off her neck. “You must choose one.” I recognize the female voice from last night’s Choosing and cringe. 
“What am I choosing this time?” Marnie hollers into the storm.
“What are you most afraid of? Death?” The figure on the left lightens to reveal a Stroli who lets out a monstrous roar in response. “Or men?” The other figure still shrouded in darkness grows in height, his hands are clinched tightly by his sides, his posture rigid, a bright light shines behind him casting him in even darker shades, two green eyes was the only color emanating from him. Then he opens his mouth and speaks. 
“What did you say to me?” My heart sinks when I realize this imposing figure is how she saw me on the chopper. What have I done? My gaze stays riveted to the screen praying she picked death.

****

I look between the two imposing figures. My two biggest fears.
Death and men. 
But what scared me more? I stare at the Stroli --isn’t that what Dare called it?-- and my heart leaps in my throat. It could kill me in an instant with those claws. This creature definitely represented death.
 My view swivels back to Dare then back to the Stroli. How many times had I faced death in the form of my uncle? How many times had I been lying on the floor begging for death to take me after he’d beaten me senseless? And Dirk, he made me face death in the form of a hole in the ground. 
I look to the figure of Dare. Yes, he is a man like the voice said, but men were also death. In that one gender both my fears resided. There really is no choice because men and death are the same.
“The choice has been made.” The woman’s voice sounds out. I recoil.
“I didn’t say anything!” I yell. “Again.” I add as a mutter under my breath. The Stroli in the road disappears completely and Dare begins to stalk forward. The shadows around him dissolve leaving his face in hard lines, his body rigid and his green eyes narrowed to slits. I steel myself to stand my ground and ignore the shaking in my body. 
“What did you say to me?” He repeats in that hard voice of his before his hand flies up just as it had on the chopper. I yelp, turn and run. 
So much for standing my ground.
I run as fast as I can down the dirt road, his hard footsteps following close behind me. I know he can catch me, he ran so fast in the forest that he could be on me in an instant, but he wasn’t. He was playing with me. I pump my arms harder, forcing my legs faster. 
The scenery around me begins to change. A clearing takes shape, green and peaceful. I look back over my shoulder to see Dirk lying crumpled on the ground moaning in pain. Dare is gone.
My brain acknowledges I have my clothes grasped tightly to my chest, a gun in my hand. I keep running naked through the clearing. I had to reach the woods.
“Naveen! When I catch you, you will pay for that!” I hit the forest and dodge the trees trying to pick up the pace. Crashing sounds behind me as Dirk enters the tree line searching for me. I keep running. 
Once again the scene changes around me, the tall trees turn into corn stalks, my body shrinks down to that of a ten year olds, my breathing is hard, my face burns from a backhand, Uncle’s bellow sounds behind me, but still I run.
“Naveen! Get your ass back here! You know what happens when you make me run!” A squeak leaves me unbidden. I skirt through the corn trying not to touch it and give away my position. The end is almost in site, if I can reach the edge of the stalks then I can make it through the field to the neighbor’s house. She will hide me. 
I didn’t mean to break the plate, he had surprised me. I didn’t mean to talk back to him (I only told the truth), it had slipped out without my permission. Now he was going to hurt me for it, I just knew it would be bad this time. It was always bad, but this time would be worse. I break through the stalks into the open field. 
Before I can pick up speed a hand grabs my arm yanking me to a stop. I fall back on my butt to stare up at the angry face of Uncle. I scramble quickly to my feet out of the range of his size eleven steel toed boot, just missing the blow. My feet take steps backward on their own accord, his face twists into an ugly sneer and he grabs my arm once more.
“Oh, no you don’t, you little shit. No more running.” His other hand lashes out taking me across the face. I grit my teeth to keep from crying out. A thin line of blood trickles from my nose. “What happens when I have to run, Naveen?” His sinister voice makes my little body tremble with fear. The way he spits out my name like a curse makes me hate it even more. I preferred ‘little shit’ or ‘brat’ to the way he said my name.
“It’s worse on me.” I whisper. His hand lands across my face once more and I quickly rephrase the statement. “You have to punish me to remind me not to do it again, sir.” My voice is unemotional, I allowed no feelings to show when he ‘corrected’ me. If I let him see them, even once, he would expect me to break down every time and I couldn’t do that. It wasn’t me. I couldn’t fight him yet but one day I would be big enough to defend myself.
He takes my arms in his hands and shakes me furiously while screaming right in my face. His spittle drips from my nose to mix with the blood. “Why did my lousy sister have to leave me with you? Why couldn’t you have died instead of her? Or better yet, with her!” It was a question I asked myself all the every day. Why couldn’t I have died in her stead? 
He releases me with a curse. His hands start to fly and I fall to the ground. I curl myself tightly in a ball leaving a small spot open to watch him from under my arm. I knew better than to take my eyes off him completely, that was just stupidity on my part. 
The scene changes again. I’m curled up on the floor of the chopper, Dare crouched in front of me, his eyes still narrowed but not as cold as they had been. His hand reaches out to me and I scramble away, my heart beating madly in my chest. Uncle’s face superimposes over his and I cringe, closing my eyes.
Hands hold me down by my bare breasts, legs fight to slip between mine, my hands push against a boney chest, my eyes fly open to stare at the wild brown eyes of Dirk. I’m once again back in the clearing, naked and trapped under a man I thought was a friend, a man who kidnaped me at gunpoint and drove me here to die. A grave, four foot by two foot and three feet deep was dug out beside me, waiting for him to finish with his game before he threw me in it. His hands leave my chest and grab at my legs trying to force them open. 
“I told you I wanted to be your first. That I would be gentle with you if you would only say yes. You made your choice, Naveen! Is this what you wanted? Are you happy now? You have made me do this!” I scream incoherently as I fight to keep him from his goal. 
My chest begins to hurt, my lungs feel like they can’t hold any more air. I fall back against the ground and surrender to him, tears running from my eyes. I was tired of fighting men.
The struggle stops. The weight of his body disappears. Fingers lightly touch my cheek wiping away my tears. I turn my head to stare into the softest most amazing emerald eyes I have ever seen. It takes me a moment to realize they are Dare’s. I hadn’t seen that look in them before, only hardness. 
“It’s alright Marnie, he’s gone. I need you to wake up now.” I shake my head, too exhausted to speak. I only wanted to close my eyes and let it all go. Death was preferable to this. 
“I’m so tired of fighting.” The words come out as the barest whisper. His hand tenderly pushes my hair back away from my face, his lips lightly touch my temple in a soft kiss sending sparks dancing over my skin before he whispers in my ear.
“You will never have to fight like that again, I promise. You are safe now, Parvulum. Please wake up.” 
My eyes flutter open to see those emerald jewels watching me. He has tucked his large body in beside me on a very small hospital bed but somehow he isn’t touching me anywhere but where his hand lays cupping my cheek. Out of instinct I scoot over further from his bodies reach. His hand on my face is distracting, the current I have felt every time he’s touched me burns with an intensity of painful. 
A throat clears behind me, rapid typing following it. I crane my head back to take in a large screen and a woman with strawberry blonde hair. The screen shows flashes of Dare and things only my subconscious has thought of doing to him before it goes dark. The woman turns apologetic eyes to me.
“Sorry, it takes a minute to shut it down.” I scan the rooms occupants noticing none of them were looking me in the eyes.
“What was that?” I croak out through a dry aching throat. The man from the chopper, Jack, I think was his name, fills a glass with water and hands it to Dare. He places it against my lips and commands me to drink. I let the cool water sooth my throat before pushing it away and asking again in a stronger voice. “What was on the screen?” I knew what I saw, but I was having a hard time with acknowledging that they saw it to. 
“Um, it’s a program that lets us see deep inside your brain. Your thoughts, unconscious or conscious, your dreams, stuff like that. We were monitoring the effects of the Morp Dare gave you.” I didn’t know what Morp was but the meaning behind her words were clear.
“You saw what I was dreaming about?” I whisper in horror. She nods sympathetically before averting her eyes. I whip my head around to face Dare. “You saw that?” I ask mortified. My biggest secret, my weakest moments, my worst fears, displayed on a screen for him to see.
“Yes.” His voice is low and raw as if what he saw had an effect on him. I didn’t buy it. Men didn’t care about things like that. They were only alive to hurt women, nothing more. I frantically start pulling the wires from my body. Ripping out my hair when I yank the ones from my temples off. I scratch at the ones on my back but can’t reach them.
“Take them off of me. Now!” I shout. The woman jumps to her feet and begins gently pulling on the sticky pads. “Just rip the damn things off.” I growl. This was taking too long, I needed to get out of here.
While she obliges my command Dare climbs from the bed putting much needed distance between us. As soon as the wires are gone I try to climb to my feet. Dare’s strong arms wrap around me, lifting me to his chest. I slap at him and try to shove him away but his grip is too much. “Put me down.” I growl out. He doesn’t listen, only continues to stride from the room.
“Not before eleven, Dare!” The woman’s voice rings out behind us laced with humor. I found nothing funny in this.
“Stop squirming. You don’t know the way and if you keep thrashing around like that you are going to tear your stitches.” He states this in an even voice, his earlier emotions gone. I think about his words for a moment then semi-relax. In other words I stop struggling but the tension does not leave my body.
“I’m only stopping because I don’t want you to drug me and watch my dreams again.” I mutter to his deep chuckle. Why was everyone finding me funny right now? “Where are you taking me?” I watch corridor after corridor slide by, turn after turn, and am sure I wouldn’t be able to find my way back there if my life depended on it.
“To our home.” His matter of fact tone sets me on fire. Our home? I never agreed to our home. I never agreed to him!
“And if I don’t want to go to your home?” I spit out in a defiant pout.
“To bad. You chose me.” I glare at him, his satisfied tone is even more annoying than his matter of fact one.
“I didn’t know what I was choosing, Dare! You can’t hold me to something that happened in a dream.”
“It wasn’t a dream. We drugged you to bring on The Choosing Vision. I am not supposed to get you excited till tomorrow so let it drop, Marnie. I will explain it all then.” 
“Let it drop? You are telling me you drugged me not once but twice, made me choose a ‘mate’ without my knowledge, then you watched my weakest moments on a damn computer screen and I’m supposed to let it drop?” I rant furiously. My hand goes to my chest as my heart rate increases and pain begins to radiate down my arms. He stops cold.
“Marnie, I need you to calm down. The drug I gave you will cause a stroke if you get upset. Please, we will talk about it, just not with you in danger like this.” His tone suggests there is no other choice for me to make and the pain in my chest agrees.
“Fine.” I huff then let my head fall to his chest. A deep inhale provides me with his unique smell of woods and man relaxing me. I try to work out why exactly that would relax me when I hated men, especially the smell of them. Sweat and booze were what every man I knew smelt like, even the pastor who comes into the coffee shop I work at. That wasn’t how Dare smelt. His aroma was more power and earth. A swooshing announces our arrival as we walk through an open door then swishes again when the door closes behind us.
“There is a thumb scanner and an override password to enter or exit, we will set you up with that later. Security cameras are in front of every door with someone monitoring them constantly, hence the door opening without my using the scanner. Until we get you in the system they will let you in if I’m not with you.” He continues through a front room that’s sparsely decorated with only a couch, recliner and TV, into a hallway to the last door on the right. “Can you turn the knob?” 
I oblige him, swinging the door open to reveal an enormous bathroom right out of my dream house. On the right wall is an obnoxiously large whirlpool tub, on the left is a his and her vanity and a toilet, straight in front of us a shower takes up the entire wall. Seven showerheads adorn the tiles in different heights, one over seven feet from the marble flooring. I guess when you stand over six foot you needed a tall showerhead. All but one of them were above my four foot eight. He sits me on the chair that was tucked under the vanity then steps away. 
“I’ll be right back.” When he hurries from the room I wonder if the man is going to insist on showering with me. God, I hoped not. I really needed a me moment to sort out the last few days. He returns quickly with a roll of duct tape and saran wrap. I arch my brow at him and scoot further back in the chair. He grins.
“Can’t have those stitches getting wet. Lift your skirt.” I eye him for a moment then do as he asks, making sure nothing but the wounded leg shows. Deftly he rips off a piece of plastic covering the stitched area before he seals its edges with the duct tape. 
Standing leisurely he lets his fingers slide up my leg, slowing on the handprints that were etched into my skin in a deep purple. He opens his mouth then nods to the shower letting it snap shut, seemingly thinking better of whatever he was going to say. Stepping up to the side he turns on the water for me. 
“Towels are under the sink. I’ll lay a shirt out for you in my room, the door two down on the left.” With that he’s gone, shutting the door quietly behind him. 
Alone for the first time since helping him I let my shoulders slump forward in defeat. I knew what came next and wasn’t looking forward to it. Unconsciously I lock the door before standing in front of the mirror. Not that I believed a locked door would keep Dare out of anywhere but I learned early on that a locked door gave you warning before the attack came. 
Taking a steadying breath I pull my shirt over my head to examine the myriad of bruises left from Dirk’s attack. My breasts were still slightly swollen from his rough handling of them, hand prints were on each one from him holding me down. Bruises also marred my ribs and stomach from his less than friendly attempts to keep me still. 
After three days they were beginning to turn yellowish green but they were still very visible. Unable to look any longer I drop my skirt not even caring about the marks, handprints and cuts there and climb into the shower. Tears course down my cheeks and mingle with the hot water while I wash the experience away.
Tomorrow was a new day and on the bright side, I was no longer stranded in the woods alone and starving. But was I better off in the woods or Dare’s arms?
Chapter Four


What the hell is taking her so long? It took me twenty minutes to track down Angie to see if she could find Marnie something to wear other than my shirt. It would be fine for her to sleep in but she couldn’t parade around in it in front of other men. Although it will probably hang past her knees she is so tiny, she is mine alone to look at. 
I have been pacing outside this door for another forty minutes waiting on her to come out. She locked the door, like that would keep me out if I wanted in. So far I have been respectful and left her alone. She had five more minutes and I was going in, locked door or not.
A growl rises from deep in my chest conveying my annoyance with myself. Just the thought of her in there naked was driving me crazy. If I hadn’t thought it would have scared her to death, literally, I would have suggested she let me help her. However, Angie was right and I needed to wait till the drugs left her system before I claimed her as mine. If she permitted me entrance into that shower with her, I wouldn’t have waited. 
She is mine. I want to make her mine. My body hardens with the mental image of her standing under the water naked, steam rising around her, droplets running down her creamy skin, caressing her. Unconsciously my fangs drop, cutting my lip and drawing blood. I let out another frustrated growl and try to force them back where they belonged. This hadn’t happened since I was a teenager and even then it only happened twice.
“Did you just growl? I mean, really growl, like an animal?” My body tenses with her voice behind me. Thank the fates, I had my back to her, if she saw the fangs now it would surely send her into a Morp induced stroke. I had to explain things to her before she could see them, before she could understand what I was. They finally retract with the thought. 
“Are you done?” I ask, keeping my back to her for a moment longer while not answering her question.
“Yes. I, um… I need to get past you.” Even in her indecision to walk past me her voice stays strong. I turn to face her and immediately regret it. One of my large towels is wrapped around her petite frame. Her breasts are being pushed up with how tightly she was holding the towel to her body. The short length confirming her lean muscular legs are those of a woman who likes to run often. This shouldn’t surprise me with how she kept pace with me in the forest but for some reason it does. How did I not notice this pleasing feature sooner? Her light blonde hair was pulled over her shoulder to hang within an inch of the top of the towel. A drop of water rolls from the underneath her hair across her collarbone to dip between her breasts.
The image is too much for my precariously teetering body and my fangs punch through once more without permission. She gasps and takes a step backwards, a look of horror clearly on her face. I clinch my hands beside my legs and try to reign in my precious control. I never lost control. Never! I lift my eyes to meet hers.
“Run. Go to the room and shut the door. I will be there when I calm down.” She eyes me with trepidation. Hugging the wall she passes me quickly. As soon as she clears my body her feet begin to move rapidly, she runs to the room and slams the door. The lock snicks into place. I chuckle. “That lock won’t hold me out if I want in, Marnie.” It’s said to myself but the small gasp I hear behind the door conveys she heard me.
I stomp into the kitchen and retrieve a Coke from the refrigerator. It wasn’t what I wanted, Marnie’s blood would be preferable at the moment, but Coke had a way of making the fangs retract when they weren’t wanted. A little trick we figured out shortly after it was first invented when Fin couldn’t control his fangs in the human public. If we made him carry a Coke with him he could sniff it every few minutes and something in the smell would help keep them where they went. Taking a drink also worked to force them back where they belonged when you were out of control. 
This was the first time I’d had to use it. My brothers would find this situation completely amusing. The only reason I had it in my fridge is I enjoyed the flavor with a meal every now and then. I wasn’t a wine or alcohol drinker so this was my vice when I needed to relax. And boy, did I need to relax. Once the can is empty I start for my bedroom and the little bitty human that had my head and body tied into knots.
I knock on the door and wait to see if she will answer it. Surprisingly, she does. She swings it open then takes three steps backward before she stops, straightens her shoulders and lifts her chin. The obvious stance of a woman facing her fear. Pride swells in me at her courage but annoyance at myself for being the cause of that fear squashes it. Her eyes zero in on my mouth and hold there for a moment before her gaze flits away looking at anything but me. 
“Are you a Vampire?” She asks in a sturdy voice that wobbles on the last word. I shake my head. Her eyes widen with a look of utter disbelief. “Then what are you? You have fangs, run at the speed of light and you growl like an animal, Dare. I know you aren’t human.” I cock my head to take in her expression. She was trying very hard to be strong, nevertheless deep in her bright blue eyes her terror was showing.
“I would rather have this conversation tomorrow when you are healthy enough to hear it.” I state as I take a step towards her. Her foot lifts like she is going to retreat before she firmly places it back on the ground. Wise woman. Retreat would stir the animal inside me to hunt. The only thing either of us wanted right now, was her. Running would be very bad for her.
“Except for a few bouts of temper and fear, I think I have been a good sport so far in this adventure. I deserve to know what is going on. Where am I? What are you? Do you drink blood? Will you bite me? What do you plan on doing with me? Why do you seem to keep drugging me? What’s at eleven?” The last question makes my eyes widen in surprise. “That woman told you to wait till eleven. What’s at eleven?” 
“Angie, her name is Angie and she is Jack’s mate.” She sucks in her bottom lip, unconsciously biting it. I have to force my eyes back to hers. “Eleven tomorrow morning is when the Morp, the drug I gave you, will be out of your system. That’s when I can explain to you about how things work in my world without endangering your heart if you get upset.” 
“I feel fine now. Please explain.” She says quietly but powerfully. Not pleading, but stating with demand. I shake my head.
“I tell you what. I will answer one of your questions but I get to pick it. If you handle that well enough then I might think about telling you more.” She nods, her teeth tighten on her lip enough to draw a small bead of blood. I fight to hold in the groan of need as I step forward closing the gap between us. The tantalizing aroma proving too much for my fragile wellbeing. 
Very slowly I lift my hand to her chin making sure she knew my intentions before I touched her. Her eyes flare in alarm but she holds her ground. With a gentle tug I rescue her lip from her teeth then lean in mere millimeters from her mouth. “Yes.” I whisper as I let my tongue dart out to capture the sole drop of blood on her chin. 
The flavor ignites over my tongue, brown sugar and vanilla. A hint of the Morp sours my taste buds but it does nothing to diminish the heavenly flavor of her. My eyes close against my will and I fight to control myself. I can also taste how pure she is, she hasn’t been touched by another man. I knew I heard the man in her dream say something along those lines but I thought he managed to accomplish his goal before she escaped him. 
He hadn’t. 
My body battles for control over my brain, begging me to take her now. My eyes flip open, she gasps and takes a step backwards. I fight to let her go.
“Get in the bed, Marnie. You need to sleep and I need a cold shower.” The words are strained even to my ears. Her eyes dart down to the hard ridge in my jeans then quickly back to my eyes. Fear ripe in not only her sapphire eyes but the tenseness of her expression.
“You aren’t going to tell me anything, are you?” She whispers while she backs away. A growl is ripped from my throat at her challenge. She leaps into the bed and covers herself to her chin. 
“I am barely holding it together here. Do not challenge me again.” Unable to keep myself from following her to the bed, I force my feet to turn and leave the room. The instant I shut the door behind me my fangs punch through, the pain of them slicing open my lip is a relief at this point. I stumble to the bathroom and climb into the shower, clothes and all. Flipping on the cold water I stand there shivering, fighting for control. A fight that I was not accustomed to but had a feeling I would become very familiar with as long as I had Marnie to temp me.

****

What the hell have I gotten myself into this time? I knew from the minute I saw those impossibly green eyes this man was not normal but I never dreamed he was this far from normal. The man had fangs for crying out loud! Real honest to God, fangs! 
I tried to convince myself I was seeing things but my imagination isn’t that good. I really saw them. Oh lord, his face when he licked the blood off my lip, the only word for it was bliss. His eyes had practically glowed! The man was in heaven at the tinniest taste of blood. 
My blood! 
Would he be like a dog with a bone now? Always wanting to chew on it, on me? My body shivers with the thought. Heat pools in my belly. No! That is not erotic! It is wrong, simply wrong! What is wrong with me? I need to get out of here. 
Now. 
I scramble from the bed and place my ear against the door. I can hear the water running in the shower and don’t think but run. Almost to the front door a knock sounds, I freeze.
“Dare? I brought the clothes you asked for.” Angie’s voice sounds on the other side. Clothes? Those had to be for me. I sprint forward then pause, how do I open it? There wasn’t a handle. 
“I don’t know how to open the door.” I call out to her in a high pitch voice that would convey my panic to anyone who knew me. Thank goodness these people don’t know me. A light giggle sounds then the door opens on its own.
“You have to scan your thumb.” She points to a small box beside the door. “I waved at the cameras and they opened it for me. Hope you don’t mind.” I shake my head but stare at the closing door. 
He had said something about the scanner when we entered the room. Also something about putting me in the system later. Without my thumb being in the system I couldn’t leave. Damn man. I would have to find a way out with her. She thrusts a pile of clothing towards me. 
“They might be a little big, we aren’t built as small as you are but they were the smallest I could find.” She shrugs apologetically as I take the clothing. I try to smile at her but I don’t think I pull it off. Her eyes search my face then widen. “You were trying to run, weren’t you?” She whispers conspiratorially to me. Her eyes dart around the room obviously looking for Dare.
“He’s in the shower.” I supply weakly. She grabs my arm and pulls me towards the couch forcing me to sit.
“Look, I know I told him to wait to explain things to you but I think you should know you can’t run from him.” At my gasp she waves her hands around. “No, I don’t mean he will hunt you down, which he totally would by the way. I mean you seriously can’t. You have no choice but to finish this thing with him. You have already chosen, Marnie. There is no going back now.” I let out a frustrated sigh.
“I didn’t even know what I was choosing. I thought it was a dream. I didn’t ask for this. I don’t want to be here, Angie. I want to go home.” I sound every bit of my twenty years as I wine to her.
“I know, honey. But that is impossible now. Don’t worry, Dare is a man who prides himself on his control. He would never lose it with you like those men in your dreams did. He isn’t like that.” I snort. In the course of the last twenty four hours I had seen him loose control three maybe four times? I didn’t believe her for a second.
“Is that right? So the man who stood in that hallway and grew fangs because I was in a towel doesn’t lose his control? Yeah right.” Unable to help myself I let out a mirthless laugh at her bewildered look.
“His fangs dropped against his will?” She asks then cocks her head similar to how Dare did when we were running through the woods.
“By his reaction, I’d say that was a definite yes.” She begins to giggle. Again, I wasn’t finding things very funny.
“Oh, man. This must be so hard on him.” I quirk a brow at her. Hard on him? “You have to understand Dare to understand what you just said means. I have known that man for a hundred years and have never ever seen him loose control. From stories I’ve heard normally after The Choosing happens, The Claiming follows it pretty quick. Making him wait must be playing hell on him.” At my confused look she continues. I was still trying to process her knowing him a hundred years. How old was the man? Obviously not twenty five like I thought. 
“I can’t explain it all to you, he has to. But let me put it this way. Have you ever gone shopping and found the perfect dress for you. I’m not talking ‘oh I really like this’ perfect. I’m talking ‘I cannot wait to wear this, maybe I’ll just wear it while I read a book tonight just because this dress is me’ perfect. Like you go home and call every girlfriend you have to see who will go out with you that night just so you can wear this perfect dress.” I give her a small smile and nod. Hadn’t every girl done that at least once?
“Marnie, you are the perfect dress he wants to wear. You are meant for him in every way and he is going crazy because he can’t put you on and strut his stuff in the club. You following me?” Oh. My. God! Yes, I was following her! My face turns three shades of crimson. “Oh, girl it’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Patronus men are something else in bed, let me tell you. Mmm-mm-mmm.” She fans her face like it’s hot in here then giggles. I glance towards the hallway then back at her. When had the water stopped? I couldn’t hear Dare moving around or coming down the hall, so I quickly ask what I need to.
“Patronus men?” I question on a whisper but my eyes betray me by glancing to the hall again.
“Oh.” She covers her mouth with a slap, her eyes bulging out. “You don’t know that yet, do you?” I shake my head. Like a fire has been lit under her ass, she jumps to her feet and sprints to the door.
“I didn’t tell you that. You don’t know that word. Oh, by the fates, Dare is going to be pissed if he finds out I told you that.” My eyes grow panicked with her reaction. She stops abruptly then comes back to me. “I don’t mean it like that. Like I said, he enjoys control and I just took a small amount away from him by telling you that simple word. It’ll aggravate him and the man might give me the silent treatment, for like an hour, but nothing more.” She grins. “He can’t ignore me for long. Who do you think fixes him when he gets hurt?” Despite myself I laugh. I found myself liking Angie, a lot. 
“Now, wait till he explains tomorrow before you make any snap decisions. Trust me, you will enjoy this life, Marnie and Dare will take care of you. He will never be like those men were. He doesn’t have it in him. Under all that control is a gentle man. I just know it.” She winks then runs out the door to leave me alone in the front room still holding a pile of clothes. 
The door shuts behind her.

****

I have to say, Marnie not knowing what I am has its advantages. I heard her fleeing footsteps pass the bathroom and was on my way out to grab her when Angie knocked. I held myself behind the door with my hand on the knob waiting to see what would happen next. I didn’t particularly appreciate all the words Angie said but I did need to thank her for somewhat easing Marnie’s mind. 
I stand waiting inside the door with a towel wrapped around my waist as her footsteps retreat back to our bedroom. She either realized she couldn’t get out of the door now that Angie left or she was planning on staying for an explanation. I sure hoped it was the later. 
I didn’t want to force her to stay here but she had to know that she no longer had a choice. She handled her talk with Angie fine, maybe she could handle a little more. With determination in my stride I make my way into the room. She is sitting on the edge of the bed holding a pile of clothes to her breast. Her chin is tucked to her chest, her eyes closed, her shoulders slumped in defeat. For reasons I didn’t want to examine to closely, I didn’t want her to know I saw her like this. 
On silent feet I back out of the room to the bathroom. I grab another towel and sling it over my head then walk back into the room as if I was drying my hair and making as much noise as possible. When I look up to her this time she is sitting with her shoulders back, her chin raised and the clothes neatly piled in her lap. Much better. I nod to the clothes before slinging the extra towel over my desk chair.
“Did Angie bring those?” I ask as if I didn’t hear their conversation. A small smile graces her lips as she nods. “Looks like you are in a little better mood. Did you have girl talk?” I try to joke with her but her smile falters, her face turns beet red. I have to turn away from her to hide my smile. How did I not see how innocent she was before now?
“Um, yes. We did. Please do not get upset with her but she let slip a word I would like to know the meaning of if you would be so kind as to give me an answer.” Her formal tone rankles me.
“And what word did she let slip, Marnie?” I question in the same tone she used.
“Patronus.” Of course, I knew it was coming but I was kind of hoping she had picked up on ‘The Claiming’ words instead. That was something I was going to enjoy telling her about, part of it anyway. I was already prepared for her cute little blush.
“Patronus, huh? And how did she let that word ‘slip’?” I turn to face her then lean back on the dresser stretching my legs in front of me, crossing them at the ankles and my arms across my chest. It does not escape my attention how her gaze takes in my barely covered body before she looks away, another pretty blush spreading across her cheeks. Damn I wish I could read her mind.
“Um…..She said something similar to, Patronus men are good in bed.” She clears her throat and fidgets with the clothes in her lap trying her best not to look at me. 
“Did she now? I wish I could have been a fly on the wall of that conversation.” I chuckle. Of course I had been, sort of, I wasn’t a fly. That was one of the few forms shifters did not take, therefore I couldn’t either. 
“Where would you like me to put these?” She asks in a voice way too high for her. I bite the inside of my lip to keep from laughing. Her embarrassment shouldn’t be this amusing to me.
“Let me clear you out a spot.” I push off the dresser then squat in front of it to move some of my clothing. Behind me she inhales sharply when the towel falls with my movements. Leaving it on the floor I look over my shoulder in time to see her wide eyes scanning what was revealed. Finished, I stand to my full height and turn to face her. Immediately her lip is sucked into her mouth, she begins to gnaw on it as she takes in all of me. And all of me turns hard instantly with her innocent wide eyed expression. 
“Like what you see, Marnie?” Her eyes whip to mine, her face turns the reddest it’s been so far, and she bites down harder on her lip but doesn’t answer. We stay that way, eye to eye, for almost five minutes before she finds the courage to speak.
“Please, Dare. Cover up.” She gulps hard, her gaze flits down to the towel on the floor, pausing only a brief second on my groin as it goes. With a deep chuckle I turn back to the dresser and pull out a pair of sweat pants then slide them on before facing her again. She visibly relaxes. 
I leave the empty drawer open for her and head for my side of the bed. The minute my body hits the mattress she jumps up and runs to the dresser, placing the meager amount of clothes in the drawer.
“Tomorrow you can use my computer to order any clothing you need online.” I state as I get comfortable on top of the covers. I wasn’t ready to let her off the hook yet. I liked her nervous and edgy, it kept her questions at bay.
“I would like to go home to my house and my clothing, please.” She places her hands on the dresser and leans forward as if wishing for patience, her back still to me.
“That’s not possible Marnie but I can arrange your things to be brought here if you’d like. Anything you want that has special meaning to you or all of it if you prefer.” She shakes her head minutely.
“You can’t bring my house. That’s what I want, my house, my things, my furniture. My bed in my room, my mother’s necklace in my jewelry box on my dresser in my room. Why do you want to keep me here against my will?” If she would have yelled this at me I think I would have understood her issue, but her voice stays even and unemotional. The ‘my’ the only word that changes infliction. 
“Because you are mine.” She whips around to face me, her eyes heated with anger.
“No. I am mine. I belong to myself. I don’t need a man. I don’t want a man. I hate men. Men have been nothing but trouble for me. Nothing but lies and pain! Do you not understand this, Dare?” It’s the most honest verbal reaction I have heard from her yet. With a set determination I pull myself from the bed and stalk to her. I don’t miss the minute widening of her eyes or the way her hand settles against her chest and how her breathing picks up. I stop directly in front of her, so close her breasts brush my chest when she takes a breath.
“I understand your fears, Marnie. I saw what they did to you but I am not like them. I will not hurt you. I do not make promises, they are too hard to keep, but I can and will promise you I will never lay a hand on you in anger. Real men do not hit women.” I gently brush the hair away from her face. She recoils. “I also will never lie to you. I might be skirting your questions at the moment, with good reason I might add, but I will never lie.” I place my hand over hers on her chest and try to ignore her flinch. “Your chest is hurting again and your breathing is too fast. Come to bed and calm down. I will explain it all to you tomorrow. If you cannot sleep I can get Angie to give you something if you like.” She shakes her head furiously.
“No. I don’t like drugs of any kind. My uncle used to drug me at night after a bad beating to keep my sobs quiet so he could sleep. Please, don’t drug me again.” The last is a whispered plea.
“I won’t. Now come lay down.” I take her hand and lead her to the bed then wait for her to climb in and cover up before I go to my side. She tenses as I climb in beside her. The bed trembles with her fear. “Nothing is going to happen tonight, Marnie. Only sleep.” I pull her into my arms then reach up and flip off the light with the switch by the bed. She lies stiffly in my arms for a long time before her body finally relaxes into sleep. 

Chapter Five


I wake in strong arms, my head resting against a hard chest, his hand tangled in my hair, my hand gripping his thigh to hold him closer to me. My breathing stops as I realize what I’m doing. I was cuddling with the enemy. His hand begins to move soothingly over my hair, his other tightens minutely on my waist where it rests.
“Don’t move, don’t think, just enjoy the morning, Marnie.” His sleep filled voice mumbles above me, the sound vibrating his chest tickles my cheek. I let myself give in to his demand and relax onto him. However, I slide my hand off his thick thigh to grip the sheet in a fist. His bare chest against my face sends the same electrical sparks through my body as his touch had previously. Desire, plain and simple, pools in my belly and growing stronger the longer I lay here touching him. Under my hip I feel something else growing which causes my breath to catch.
“I can’t stop my body’s reaction to you but until I explain things I can control whether I act on it or not.” Was that supposed to reassure me? It didn’t. His stomach grumbles loudly and I forget all about other parts of him. 
Did he drink blood for breakfast? Would he drink mine? They had real food inside the tent that night but was that for them or someone else? They would want to keep their food fed and fat, right? 
“You’re thinking awfully loud there, sweetheart.” The term of endearment makes my heart flutter rapidly. His deep chuckle does nothing to calm my nerves though. “How are you feeling?” I take a mental inventory and find that I actually felt much better today than I have in the past four. Probably because he was much more comfortable than the forest floor.
“Fine.” I croak out. Bad brain, bad thought! Good thing he couldn’t read my mind. Wait…. “Can you read my mind?” I ask on a squeak. His bark of laughter isn’t what I expected.
“No, I can’t. Why, something you don’t want me to know?” I shake my head vehemently. “It’s ten thirty, let’s get something to eat then we can talk. How’s that?” I lift myself up on my elbow to stare at him. I already asked him one embarrassing question, let’s go for two.
“You mean food, right?” Another bark of laughter escapes him, transforming his entire presence. His eyes are soft and gentle, the previously stern lines in his face loosen up to look more like laugh lines, his lush lips curve into a jovial smile that has me relaxing, genuinely relaxing with him for the first time. He wasn’t as cold as I thought he was.
“Yes, I mean food. We only use our fangs during three different occasions. When we are wounded, for fighting and during sex.” My eyes grow to the size of saucers.
“Sex?” I squeak pulling my lip in to chew on it in nervousness. He nods with an impish smile. 
“I’ve heard it can be earthshattering.” He grins. The words confuse me. He didn’t strike me as a man who would go without; he certainly has had sex before, hadn’t he?
“You haven’t…. I mean, you had to have had… um…” I could feel the deep blush creeping up my skin. His grin grows wider.
“Have I had sex?” He raises his brow, a mischievous light entering his bright green eyes. “Marnie, I am five hundred and two years old. Yes, I have had sex.” I cough on the admission.
“Five hundred and two?” I breathe out in awe. “You look good for an old man.” I smirk at him, his eyes narrow on me. The humor flees and the cold hard man is back.
“Old man? If I’m an old man then you’re a baby. You can’t be what? Eighteen, nineteen years old?” His lips turn down with a frown. “You are at least eighteen, right?” It’s my turn to laugh.
“Yes, I’m twenty actually. Twenty one next month.” His frown disappears but the coldness in his eyes doesn’t retreat.
“Good. I’m not a cradle robber then.” He flashes a huge grin that finally pushes a little warmth back into those eyes. 
“If you have had...um … you know…. Then what do you mean you’ve ‘heard’ it can be earthshattering? Wouldn’t you know?” I stutter out my question, the hand in my hair slipping through to the nape of my neck distracting me. His flesh against mine is almost too much to handle, the sparks intensify with every touch.
“Nope. We only share blood with our mates during sex. We only have one mate. You are mine.” I gulp. 
Sex with Dare? Oh, boy. 
Sex with Dare drinking my blood? Oh, hell! 
My traitorous body ignites in flames at that mental picture. I roll from the bed needing to escape. As I sprint from the room his deep chuckle follows me. 
“You can run but you can’t hide, Marnie.” He hollers out right before the bathroom door snicks closed behind me. Out of habit I lock it before taking care of business. As I stand up the door handle jiggles, a low growl comes from the other side. A split second later the door opens.
“Why do you keep locking me out?” The cold eyes and rigid posture have returned. Unconsciously I step back, he steps forward.
“It’s habit. I don’t do it on purpose; I don’t even realize I do it.” I plead with him. He seems to consider my words then nods.
“Learn to break the habit. I don’t like locks between us.” He turns and leaves the room shutting the door behind him. 
Break the habit? Seriously? A habit I’ve had for fifteen years, one that has kept me safe more than once and warned me hundreds of other times, he just wants me to up and stop doing it? 
The man truly was insane.

****

After a silent breakfast of omelets I lead her back to the bedroom. I could have done this in the front room but I wanted her off kilter a little. This was going to be a lot to take in and I really should have been more understanding but she seemed to be more honest and emotional when she felt threatened. Whatever I had to do to get her to talk to me when I finished explaining, I would do it, because one way or another, this was going to happen before midnight tonight no matter what her answer was. I wouldn’t let her die even if she asked me to. 
I lift her by the waist and sit her in the middle of the still messed up bed then pull the desk chair up beside it. I sit straddling it and lean my arms on the high wooden back. 
“Where would you like me to start?” I ask seriously. I would tell her what I needed to enable me to get to The Claiming as quickly as possible. The idea something could happen to her before it was done wasn’t sitting well with me. I hadn’t wanted a mate but now that I found her, I wasn’t giving her up.
“Um, the beginning?” She shrugs, I growl, she jumps. “I don’t know anything, Dare. I can’t tell you where to start. This is your show. Tell me what you think I need to know then I’ll ask you questions.” I nod sharply. Good enough.
“Then let’s start with Patronus. The word is Latin for protector or guardian. It is what we are. We protect the humans from the other races that exist. We keep the existence of those races a secret from the humans. We keep the peace between all races. If someone harms a human, we deal with them, if they let their existence be known, we deal with it, if there is fighting between two races we hold authority to stop it and so on.” I stop when I see the question leap to her eyes. I know what it is but I let her ask it.
“Other races? Like the Stroli?” The name is practically a whimper. They really did scare her but obviously not as much as I did, which was proven by her dream. The reminder softens my tone.
“Yes. The Stroli are one race. Vampires, Shifters, Fairies, Witches, Elves, Brownies, Sirens, Succubus, and most others you have heard of but didn’t think were real. They are very real. Plus there are others you have never heard mention of like the Stroli, Babbles, Thanus, and more. Some of your myths aren’t completely true. Vampires can go out in the sun, Witches aren’t just women who practice Wicca, Shifters aren’t fazed by silver, things like that.” 
“So the Patronus are what? The good guys of the bad races?” I snort at her assumption humans are the only ‘good’ race. She’d be surprised what a knowledgeable human could do.
“Not all the races are bad. Fairies are mischievous but most are good people. You probably know a few.” I shrug at her open mouth expression. “They can blend in well with magic. They have wings but not in this realm, only in the fairy realm called Avalon are their true selves revealed. Anyway the point is the Patronus race basically governs the rest. My brothers and I more so because we are the last of the Royal line, but we’ll get into the significance of that in a minute. So, as I said last night, I am not a Vampire. I am a Patronus.”
“And Patronus have fangs, like a Vampire?” She asks skeptically. 
“Yes. We can also shift like the Shifters and use magic like the Fairies, but I try to keep that to a minimum. I don’t care for it all that much, it makes you feel funny.” I shiver at the remembrance of the last time I was forced to fight against a Fairy. Not a fun or fair fight. “Basically we can do whatever our enemy can. The only thing that physically stays with us all the time is the fangs and the ability to shift into any known Shifter race. Also small amounts of magic can be used, like unlocking doors.” I lift my brow to her and watch her blush. 
“Large amounts only come to us if we are fighting someone with the ability. My brothers and I each have a power that is our own, not something normal Patronus have. Each Royal child is blessed by the Fairy Queen and given a gift at birth. Mine is the ability to control the earth. I don’t care for it much and rarely use it, but I can in sticky situations if I need to.” I had knocked one to many trees over on myself to enjoy the powers Queen Tia bestowed upon me at birth. I have never relied on the gift therefore it was weaker than my brothers gifts were. We rarely fought apart anyway and I could rely on them when I needed to. I didn’t need to tear up the ground or uproot a tree with them at my back.
“Vampires, Stroli, Thanus, Babbles and some Shifter breeds are usually our biggest enemies. The others pretty much keep to themselves not needing much intervention. I guess what I mean to say is we adapt to who we face. If I have to fight a Witch I can use her powers, if I fight a Succubus I can draw off her energy, Elves and Fairies give us magic and so on. Do you understand?” She nods slowly.
“But you don’t feed off humans like Vampires? They do that, right?” By the fates, she was cute.
“Yes, they feed on humans if we aren’t there to stop them. No, we don’t. As I said earlier there are only three reasons we use the fangs. When we fight. Beheading or fire kills a Vamp just fine for any other race. Wooden stakes are only in your legends and don’t work, they only piss them off. For us our bite is deadly to them, as theirs is to us. They produce a venom they secret through a hole in the tip of the fangs when they bite. Enough venom and it’s lights out for the Patronus. Patronus, on the other hand, our venom is in our saliva. One small bite will make them sick, but a good muscle ripping tear will subject them to enough venom to kill them.” Her body shutters with the description. 
“Then there is healing. We genuinely heal on our own fairly quickly. For example your bruises would have been gone within twenty minutes. However if the injuries sustained are extreme, like a punctured lung, broken bones or ruptured kidney, I can bleed another Patronus to speed the healing up tenfold. Anyone will do but my brothers blood is stronger than a normal Patronus and heals me faster than anyone else could. Bleeding one of my brothers has saved my life more than once. Just as I’ve bled for them.” Her nod says she is following along. 
“Then there is sex.” I grin as her pretty blush returns. “For normal Patronus when they find their mate among other Patronus they simply have sex, a bite is exchanged, both drawing on the blood of the other. The scars of the bite will stay for the rest of their lives marking them as mates. Simple enough, right?” Her nose squinches up at the thought.
“Do I have to bite you? Is that what you’re saying?” I notice immediately she was thinking along the terms this was happening, not ‘if’ she did it. I see the moment she realizes it herself. “I mean…. No, that’s not what I meant… I um…” Knowing what else I had to tell her I give her mercy.
“I know what you meant. And the answer is, not exactly.” Her head cocks in confusion. “Remember I said I was of Royal Blood?” She nods. “That is the ritual for other Patronus, not us. My brothers and I will not find a mate among the Patronus. Our mates are destined to be human females. Human’s with a star birthmark, the mark of our lineage.” I wait for realization to hit her. Her mouth pops open when it does.
“Is that why you asked about my birthmark before we entered the camp?” I nod knowing she had more questions in there. “And because I said yes, that’s why you drugged me with the food?” There it is. Two down, one to go.
“Yes. “ And the last one, the doozy I didn’t want to answer…
“How did you know about the mark to begin with? I mean, can you all sense them or something?” Yep, that was the one.
“I knew because you are my mate.” Again her eyes widen. “If I hadn’t been distracted by the Stroli trying to kill me I would have realized it long before I did. I honestly should have noticed it immediately. As it is I feel pretty dumb that it took me twenty minutes into the run before it dawned on me why the only thing I could think about was grabbing you and running the other way before we ever got near my brothers. My brain didn’t want to give you a chance to pick another. That is why I kept silent while we ran. I didn’t want to influence your choice. Or give myself hope.” Her head is shaking but I don’t know why.
“So if I hadn’t have chosen you, then what? You don’t strike me as a man who would let anyone, even one of your brothers, have your mate without a fight.” I can’t keep the small smile from forming. She was beginning to understand me.
“You’re right. If you would have chosen any of the other five I would have had the chance to challenge them for you. We would have fought till one was unable to get up or gave up. The winner would have gotten you. I was very pleased I didn’t have to hurt one of my brothers but I would have, Marnie. I wouldn’t have left the tent that night without you by my side. Up until you peeked out behind that tree nothing would have made me say I cared for someone more than my brothers. Now I would run away from one of them in trouble to rescue you.” Her lip disappears between her teeth again.
“And how is the…um… sex different?” Her whisper is inaudible to human ears, to mine it was loud and clear.
“Well, that’s where things get tricky. The vision you had when you chose is called The Choosing. Next comes what is called The Claiming. Basically I claim you as mine.” Her brow lifts in question.
“That doesn’t sound tricky, Dare. What are you leaving out? What does The Claiming involve?” Even though she tries to hide it, I hear the slight tremor to her voice. I was scaring her again.
“You are human. I am immortal. I can only die by a Vampire bite or beheading. You can die any number of ways. To change that, I will change you. During The Choosing after you made your choice and I accepted, your birthmark with an ‘N’ inside it showed up on my inner right thigh tying us together.” She gasps. 
“How do you know where my birthmark is?”
“I just told you. I now have one identical to yours. Would you like me to show you?” She shakes her head rapidly her hand sliding between her legs to rub her own mark, a mark very close to her core. I snap my eyes back up to her. I needed to get through this, fast. My brain knew it was after eleven, my body was screaming for relief, my zipper was permanently indenting itself on my hard member. I can count the number of minutes he’s been soft since I met her on one hand. 
“That was the first step. What my brothers and I didn’t know is when the woman’s voice announced your choice she also surprised us with the fact The Claiming has to be completed within forty-eight hours or the tie binding us breaks and the mate dies.” I stop to let this sink in. This is what would cause the most reaction from her. It was also my ace in the hole that she couldn’t run from this, from me. It was cruel but it was true. Mate me or die.
“So you’re telling me if I don’t go through with whatever this ‘Claiming’ is, I will die?” Her voice is bland, unemotional. I didn’t like it when she did this. I preferred the temper I saw in her last night, the sarcasm she has used a few times when she forgot I was male.
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you. We have till 12:05 tonight to finish this.” Her face becomes blank to match her emotionless eyes.
“And if I refuse, I have till 12:05 tonight to live.” I did not like that statement.
“You would rather die than mate with me?” I ask carefully trying not to accuse her of anything.
“I don’t know. Finish telling me what The Claiming is. I’m assuming it involves blood and sex, but what else? I will let you know my choice when you are done.” Aggravation and anger zip through me so fast I have to shut my eyes to reel it in. I remind myself she is terrified of men and an innocent. Maybe telling her everything isn’t a good idea, but then again I told her last night I wouldn’t lie to her. I take a deep breath and give her what she wants. The truth. Well, most of it.
“Yes, sex and blood are involved but it’s the manner in which they are involved that might not please you. Again, this was supposed to take place immediately after The Choosing, which of course, being attacked and my stupidity in giving you the Morp caused that not to happen. I didn’t know about the forty-eight hour time limit but I did know what The Claiming involved. I never dreamed we would only have twelve hours left to complete it. So where in the centuries past this happened over two days, ours will be rushed and uncomfortable for you.” I rub my hand over my face.
“Dare, your stalling. Just spit it out.” Even emotionless she managed to make that sarcastic.
“Fine. We will have sex five times. Again, remember none of us have a mate so this is new for me too, the last Royal Claiming was our parents. Archer is nine hundred years old, Marnie and my parents had been together for a hundred years before he was born. Do you understand why I am not sure exactly how it works?” She nods. 
“Alright, as long as you understand I am almost as lost on this as you are. At some point during the sex, I’m guessing I will know when, I will drink from you. At the same time I will cut my wrist and you will willingly drink from me. This will happen four times. Each time you willingly take my blood you will change a little more. The fifth time your fangs will drop and you will drink from my neck as I do from yours. Before this can happen you have to completely surrender yourself to me, your mate. Only with your surrender will The Change happen.” I watch her face carefully as I speak. It stays blank up until the words ‘completely surrender yourself to me’ leave my mouth. I figured the drinking blood would have gotten a reaction first but obviously I was wrong.
“Whoa, wait. Surrender completely to you? And how exactly do you plan on making me surrender completely to you?” Her voice was strong, all pretenses of staying emotion free gone. She was pissed. And scared. Her choice of words ‘make me surrender’ instead of ‘how do I surrender’ proves that.
“Marnie, I already told you I would not hurt you. Don’t make me say it again.” I give her a hard look she shrinks away from before continuing. “I’m not sure exactly how it all works but I’m sure we can figure it out together.” Actually, I had an idea of how this was going to play out but just this once I think it is better left unsaid. I knew the stories mother had told me. I also knew the words of The Claiming could be construed into different meanings. I wasn’t sure which meaning to believe so I think it might be better not to say any of them rather than confuse her more.
“So I would become a Patronus? Doesn’t that defeat the purpose of me being human to begin with?”
“I didn’t make up the rules, I only follow them. You wouldn’t be completely Patronus. You would have the fangs but not the use of the small magic. You also would not be able to shift, you wouldn’t produce our venom or use the others talents in a fight. You won’t be fighting to begin with. You would become immortal like me. Also your hearing would increase as well as your eye site.” I rattle off the changes and watch her eyes grow with each one.
“Healing and the speed that you run?” A smile tugs at my lips. Being a runner she would enjoy that little gift.
“Yes, you would be able to run with me and heal yourself, my blood will also heal you.” With the running a quick flash of interest jumps in her eyes before it’s gone with the mention of blood. 
“And drinking blood? How often would I have to do that?” Her nose crinkles at the thought. I’m sure once she has experienced it she will change her mind. 
From what we know from our mother drinking your mate’s blood is not required after The Claiming is done but most never again have sex without sharing this intimate bond with each other. Mother had even mentioned a few times that some mates, our grandmother being one of them, never eat real food after The Mating is complete. After being mated to our grandfather for a hundred years she stopped all solid intake of food and lived only off his blood. It wasn’t required but a personal choice. It is said that the act is so intimate and fulfilling the mate craves nothing but her lover’s blood. I don’t divulge this information just yet. 
“The same as me. When you find it necessary to heal or for pleasure when we have sex.” I wait for several emotions to cross her face. Indecision being the most prominent one.
“And if I don’t want to drink it when we have…you know….you won’t force me to, will you? I mean, you can do it without me, right?” My brow cocks sarcastically and she stutters to correct herself. “The drinking blood part not the sex! I don’t want to do that.”
“The Claiming requires it.”
“Yeah, but…if I say…yes…um…afterwards…?” She bites her lip, hard.
“Your choice, always.” She breaths out a relieved sigh, the sound an exaggerated raspberry, and nods before that lip disappears between her teeth once more. She chews on it a minute while obviously debating on what she wants to ask me. I wait patiently knowing this was a lot for her to take in.
“Dare, will you answer a question before I make up my mind?” I nod. If it will make her want to stay alive for me then I would answer anything. “Do you really want a mate? I mean, you said you felt something in the forest while we ran but yet you said nothing. You completely ignored me, actually. You haven’t paid much attention to me other than to threaten, scare, drug or command me since I chose you. Do you really want me or do you think you have to do this just to save me or because you are expected to because fate, or whoever, said I was yours?” The question actually startles me. It was so far from what I was thinking she would ask I wasn’t prepared for it.
“Well, I hadn’t thought about it in that way. I guess fate had a hand in this chance meeting of ours. I mean our mates are predestined for each of us so that makes sense.” Of course the fates had a hand in it, the fates ruled our lives from birth to death but now wasn’t the time for that conversation or for her to think me insane, well, more insane. 
“Am I doing it because I think I’m supposed to? No, I could care less what I’m supposed to do. I have always done what I wanted. To save you? Yes, I want to save you. I want you, you are mine. The minute I saw you in the forest I felt a pull towards you even if I didn’t realize what it was. When I did it took everything I had not to act on how I was feeling. Dammit, Marnie, just you in a towel made me want to drag you into this room and have my way with you. I haven’t lost control like that since I was a teenager. That’s a very long time to be in command of myself to lose it over a woman in a towel. If it wouldn’t have been for the Morp this would be done already. I have been hard on you because if I wasn’t I would have lost it and possibly hurt you with the Morp in your system. I couldn’t have that. It has taken every ounce of restraint I possess to keep my hands off you since you made the choice. Even before that but once you chose I knew you felt the same pull I did and I want you in every way I can have you. So, to answer the question. No, I don’t want a mate. I want you as my mate. Only you.”
I drop my voice to the deadly calm whisper I know makes most men tremble in fear. Manipulation was not below me in this case. “So? Will you let me claim you as my mate or are you willing to die from your fear of men, your fear of me?” I wanted to make an impact with the question. 
I did.

****

His voice sends shivers down my spine. He was using it on purpose to instill the fear of death in me. I didn’t like being played. I slap him hard across the face then smirk at his shocked expression.
“That is for not telling me all this while we ran through the woods the first time. Or the second time after I chose you. I might be scared of you but honesty goes a long way with me, Dare. I believe in fate and destiny and all that crazy romantic crap most men don’t. The moment I saw your eyes in the forest I knew you were special. That might not be the right word but it’s the one I’m going to use. I have never been attracted to a man before. Never.” I think about that for a moment then explain, sort of. 
“Probably because I stay away from them like they have the plaque. But there was, no, is, there is something about you that draws me in. I don’t want to think about you, but I haven’t stopped thinking about you since peeking out from behind that tree. I don’t want to have sex, but every time you touch me it’s all I want. I don’t want to drink your blood or you to drink mine, yet my body thrums at the mere thought. So whether it be fate or destiny or whatever you want to call it that brought us together I think it did it for a reason. I don’t want to be your mate, not because I don’t want you, but because it terrifies me that you will be able to control me just like Uncle did. If I agree to this you have to try to be less cold and hard around me. You scare the shit out of me, Dare and I don’t want to be scared of my husband, mate, or whatever you want to call it, especially if I am going to live hundreds of years with you. I’m not asking you to love me, just try to be….. I don’t know, less scary?” I throw my hands in the air not sure if I know exactly what I’m asking him. I know I want him, I want him bad, and if this is the only way I get him then so be it. I didn’t want to die. A smile slowly replaces his shocked look. 
“Is that a yes then?” Humor laces his voice.
“You didn’t answer the question.” I huff. He stands and places the chair back under the desk then stalks towards the bed predatorily. 
“What question was that? Can I be softer? I can try, but you have to work with me because I have never been a soft man. Can I be less scary? Again, I can try but that is something you have to work on to. Being less scared of me. I can try to be what you want but until you decide I am not going to hurt you nothing I do will matter. So do we have a deal to both try?” 
He gracefully removes his sweat pants, his large erect shaft bounces happily in front of him. How the hell was that supposed to fit inside me? I gulp noisily. His left knee hits the bed, then his right. His hands fall forward and he crawls towards me stalking his prey. Muscles ripple across his back as if he is getting ready to pounce. I scramble back till the wooden headboard stops me.
“Deal.” I squeak. He stops in front of me, lifting up on his knees he leans forward placing his hands on the headboard on either side of my body caging me in.
“Is that a yes, Marnie? Will you be my mate?” His lips gently graze mine, his warm breath tickling as he speaks. One hand leaves the wood and slides under my hair to cup my neck then tilting my face up to his, his touch sends sharp sparks of need running rampant through my body.
“Yes.” The whisper is far from the scream I hear inside my head, Oh hell, yes! His lips crush down on mine. I gasp from the intensity of it and he takes full advantage running his tongue over mine, caressing it. His hand tangles and tightens in my hair readjusting me to where he wants me, holding me there helpless to move. Sparks fly from his lips straight to my core forcing a whimper from me. He doesn’t give me any mercy as he takes the kiss deeper and deeper. So many emotions are conveyed through that single kiss my eyes begin to prick with tears. 
Oh, holy hell, for the first time in my life I wanted a man. No, I wanted this man. I wanted Dare. And I wanted him now.

Chapter Six


I let my hand fall to the hem of her shirt then pull back from the kiss to rip it over her head revealing her perfect naked body. The only thing marring her creamy skin is the yellowish green bruises from her attack. Before I can take her lips again her hands dart up to cover her body from my view. A low growl emanates from deep within my chest as I catch her wrists and pull them away.
“Mine. I want to see you.” I meet her eyes, fear flickers with desire and innocence in the hazy blue depths.
“Dare, I haven’t done this before.” She whispers in a shaky breath. I lay a kiss on her jaw line followed by another and another as I work my way to her ear. With a quick nip to her lobe I whisper to her.
“I know.” Her body stiffens in surprise.
“How?” 
“I could taste innocence in your blood. No man has been inside you.” Her body trembles when I continue to lay feather light kisses down her jaw then take her lips with mine. Wrapping my arm under her back I slide her down in the bed to where she lays under me. I keep my weight off of her with my elbows, trailing kisses down her neck then moving on to her breasts. A low moan escapes her when I suck first one then the other pebbled nipple inside my warm mouth. Her back arches off the bed enticing me to grasp the perfect breast in my hand. 
Adjusting myself to lay on my side I skim my other hand down her stomach barley touching her skin. When I reach the mound between her legs I lightly palm it only wanting to get her used to my touch. She gasps and lets her legs fall open inviting me in. The invitation is more than I can resist. I slide one finger through her slit to her opening then very slowly insert it inside of her. Her body goes rigid, her fists grip the sheets and a small whimper escapes her lips. I raise my head from her breasts to see fear etched across her face. Not backing off I apply pressure to her clit with my thumb and gently work my finger in an out. Leaning up I meet her eye to eye.
“I will not hurt you on purpose. The first time will hurt but it will be over quickly. Let me get you ready for me and it will ease the pain. When it is time do you want me to do it fast or take my time easing into you?” Maybe giving her the option wasn’t a wise choice but so much had been taken away from her in the last few days I wanted to give her this choice.
“Just get it done. Better to rip off the Band-Aid quickly than to pick at its sides gently.” I chuckle lightly at her tersely spoken answer.
“If that’s what you want.” Her head bobs, her lip disappears between her teeth as she bites down on it hard. I run my tongue over where her teeth enter her lip tasting the blood she has drawn. My body jumps with pleasure at the taste of her. “You taste like brown sugar and vanilla.” The edges of her eyes crinkle as if she is smiling but she doesn’t release her lip to complete the action. 
During the short distraction her body has relaxed just as I hoped. I dip my head to run my tongue over her neck. “When the time is right this is where I will taste you.” Her head tilts in submission inciting my inner animal to purr with delight. 
While I have her distracted I slide in a second finger and begin to move my thumb in circles over the sensitive bundle of nerves. Her back flies off the bed in a tremendous arch, her eyes flutter closed, a low throaty moan pours from her and she bites that lip harder.
Returning back to her perky breasts I work her into a frenzy, alternating between my thumb and the palm of my hand, all the while stretching and shaping her to receive me. My member aches from the need to be inside her but knowing her body had to be ready first stops me from plunging and plundering. By the fates I hoped she was ready soon. By the time I took her I was only going to be good for five minutes, if that.

****

The electrical charge flowing from his touch and the actions his hands are performing set my body on fire. I’m biting my lips so hard I can taste my own blood as it trickles into my mouth. The pressure building low in my belly is clawing to be released but I have no idea how I am supposed to let it go. I want to let it go. I moan loudly when he trades his thumb for his palm setting off little sparks of pleasure behind my eyelids. 
I feel his body shift, mine tightens in response but he doesn’t lay over me as I expect. Instead I feel his shoulders widen my thighs and he settles between them, a finger caresses my birthmark. My eyes fly open to look at him. What the…? 
“Your mark is green? Mine is blue.” His tone is curious as he continues to lightly caress the slightly raised mark. I had been wondering about the color of my mark. It was exactly the color of his eyes. If his was blue….
“The color of our eyes.” It’s only a whisper as he continues to slowly drive me crazy with his light electric touches. His brow arches then he nods sharply.
“You’re right. This ‘D’ makes you mine. All mine.” He kisses the mark softly before meeting my gaze. I catch his grin right before he dips his head and licks the length of my core. 
I scream, birthmark forgotten.
Oh, holy hell. What is he doing to me? His tongue begins to flick over where his thumb had been, his fingers inside move rapidly, stretching and pulling me, sparks erupt throughout my body coalescing at one vibrating point directly between my legs. The sensation is too much. I arch my back trying to hold in the next scream clawing to get out.
“I want to hear you, Marnie. Do not hold anything back from me.” He pinches my nipple with the command. I oblige him with a loud groan. I feel his smile down there! Then in one combined movement his hand reaches up to twist my nipple just beyond painful, he sucks hard on that spot and his fingers ram deep inside me then curl to apply pressure to my inner walls. 
I explode.
“Dare!” I cry out, my vision blurs, my body tightens, and every neuron in my brain shuts off.
His body shifts again just before pain rips me apart. This time the scream is not one of pleasure. I have a death grip on the sheets beside me as he lays his body over mine and holds his position, his hands tangling tightly in my hair.
“It’s done. Give it a minute. The pain will subside.” He says in a low husky voice. It is then I realize his body is trembling with mine not because of mine. He buries his head in my neck while he waits for me to adjust to him. It doesn’t take long before my breathing slows with the reduction of pain. I wait for him to move but he doesn’t. Except for his trembling I would think him content just to lay here. Hesitantly I speak.
“It’s better now.” It’s a whisper only but he hears me. He lifts his head and meets me, sapphires to emeralds. What I see there floors me. Raw unadulterated need. 
I nod my head to him and give him a shaky but reassuring smile. He searches my face for a moment longer before he returns the nod much sharper than mine. Lifting himself on his quivering arms he watches my face when he pulls back gently. I flinch but the pain is minimal. He pushes forward in one thrust burying himself hilt deep in a slow but forceful motion. 
I gasp despite myself. It isn’t from pain. I fight to keep my hands at my sides. Could I make myself touch him? A lifetime of insecurities, memories and indecision keep my hands firmly wrapped in the sheets.
‘No man will ever want your touch….. You are a klutz, a damn menace!..... If I didn’t think you would somehow find a way to hurt me I would take you to my bed…. You’d be so rough you’d break it off….. Never will you be a good fuck, never!’ Uncle’s words flit through my head keeping my hands firmly in the sheets and away from any vital body parts.
“Okay?” He asks on a breath. I push thoughts of Uncle far away.
“Yes.” I groan out. His lips tug into a playful smile. He repeats the action just as slowly as before. Then he does it again and again and again. Oh hell, the man was going to kill me. “Dare, faster please.” I beg him after several minutes of his slow steady thrusts. He chuckles and repeats it once more. My head falls back, my hands grip the sheets tighter and I barely control the aggravated scream that wants to burst forth. 
That’s when he begins to really move. He picks up speed with every fifth thrust driving me completely insane with the methodical rhythm of it all. I wanted him to move faster, but I wanted him to do it out of need not with a controlled rhythm. I remind myself this is my first time and maybe he is taking it easy on me so I keep my mouth shut and let him drive me any where he wants to just as long as he didn’t stop.

****

I keep the rhythm up for as long as I can stand it. If I was to let myself go like I wanted to I might hurt her. I would leave fast and forceful for another time, this time I had to be easy. Finally she begins to pants and whimper. I can feel her begin to quiver around my shaft and I breathe a sigh of relief. I pick up the speed and the strength, pounding into her as hard as I dared. 
My fangs drop on their own and I let them. Running one over my wrist I slice it open letting the blood run freely down my arm. Knowing I only had seconds left for both of us, I shove my wrist forward placing it at her lips. She clenches her teeth. I knew this was going to bother her eventually. 
“Open your mouth, Marnie.” She shakes her head. I stop and hold myself half way inside her. She whimpers. “Open your mouth and I’ll keep going.” Again, she shakes her head. I back out to barely there. She whimpers again but keeps her jaw locked. So I do the only other thing I can think of, I slam into her, hard. She gasps, opening her mouth wide in shock. 
I shove my wrist between her lips, letting the blood fall freely down her throat. She thrashes her head then grabs my arms and tries to pull it away. Then just as I expected, her shoves become tugs as she holds it closer clamping her teeth down and taking long pulls from me. 
In the grand scheme of things she was meant for this, meant to be mine. She craves my blood as much as I crave hers. With relief I begin to move. I let my head drop to her neck and run my tongue over the exact spot as earlier. Her body shivers right before I plunge my fangs into her skin. Her body arches and she instantly climaxes. 
Her blood explodes into my mouth filling it with her sweet taste of brown sugar and vanilla, pure heaven. I take two long deep pulls reveling in the blissful taste of her. She bursts to life on my tongue and slides down my throat causing it to tingle in delight. My world erupts. I jerk inside her several times as I continue to drink deep. All too soon I pull back knowing we had four more times. I couldn’t take too much or she would be weak before The Claiming was done. She lets my arm drop from her mouth while I lick the wound closed on her neck. My wrist would heal on its own in a matter of minutes. Shifting I pull from inside her, then settle beside her and gather her into my arms. When I look down at her tears are coursing down her cheeks. My heart stops beating.
“Hey, what’s this?” I ask a whip a tear from her cheek. “Did I hurt you?” The irony of that statement is not lost on me. Of course I hurt her, I had just deflowered her.
“No.” She sniffs.
“Then what is it?” She clinches her teeth and shakes her head. That’s when I know. “It was the fact you enjoyed the blood, isn’t it?” She nods and buries her face in my chest. When I begin to chuckle she slaps my chest, her hand quickly retreats to twist in the sheets.
“It’s not funny. It’s wrong on so many levels.” She pouts through her sobs.
“Marnie, it might be wrong in your human world, but in mine it’s a way of life. One you will need to get used to. This is your world now.” She nods then wipes furiously at her face.
“I know and you said I only had to do it for The Claiming but it’s hard to get the thought to go away. I mean, blood is something doctors wear gloves to mess with. Police, EMT’s, firemen, all of them protect against it with rubber gloves. Hell, even when people have sex they use rubber condoms to protect themselves from bodily fluids, blood included and I just drank yours. People who drink blood usually end up in jail as cannibals facing death row! People like Hannibal Lecter, for heaven sake. It just goes against everything I’ve been taught. And yet…..” Her voice fades and her eyes slide to my wrist.
“And yet?” I prompt when she remains silent.
“I want more.” She whispers horrified. I throw my head back and laugh. “It’s not funny!” She cries but a smile tugs at her lips.
“It is funny because I had to force you to do it to begin with. But it is good to know I won’t have to resort to force next time.” I grin at her. Her eyes sparkle as she smiles back. I think it is the first genuinely relaxed real smile she has given me. “You’re beautiful.” I kiss the tip of her nose but the smile fades. Oh no, no depressing moments now. I roll with her placing her on top of me straddling my waist. “I just realized something.” She raises her brow at me but I wait for her to ask.
“What did you realize?” Her hands rest on her thighs. Only where she is sitting does she touch me.
“You never once touched me.” She averts her eyes. “Marnie? Tell me why.” It is a command not a question.
“I didn’t know if I could. I’m not very good at touching.” Aw, she was insecure. Probably a drawback from her Uncles abuse.
“Well this time, it is all you.” I cross my arms behind my head and smirk at her surprised expression.
“Again?” She asks. “So soon?” I lift my hips to grind my very ready erection into her.
“Oh, yes. Again.” Very slowly an impish grin spreads across her lips.
“And I can touch you?” She asks hesitantly. I nod. “Anywhere? And you won’t get mad? Even if I do it wrong?” Her blush is gorgeous as her eyes flit downward towards my erection. Her last words give me a slight pause but I choose to ignore them.
“Anywhere. Everywhere. Do anything you want. We still have three more after this one. I think I can give up control to you once. This one is all yours.” Her eyes scan my body then lift to mine. Fear and excitement mingle in the sapphire depths before a teasing grin slips playfully across her lips.
Trust me, with a little bit of coaxing she touched me everywhere and with everything. And this time she hungrily accepted my blood.

****

“I thought you said you could cook?” His humor filled voice bounces off the empty kitchen as he puts out the grease fire I started. One thing about this fire, if it got too far out of hand there wasn’t much in here to burn. A refrigerator, stove, dishwasher, microwave, a couple pots and pans and enough utensils to cook exactly one meal, meaning one spatula and one giant spoon. Six plates, six cups, six bowls, and six sets of silverware were the only items in the overabundance of cabinet space and drawers. 
Obviously his brothers joined him for meals occasionally. When I noticed the number I joked with him he would now have to buy a seventh piece to match it all so I could eat to. He informed me his brothers wouldn’t be by to eat for a long time, he needed time with me….naked….on his counter top. Which is where number three had taken place. Number four didn’t make it much farther, it was on the couch, well bent over the couch. I finally made it back in here to make us a very late meal where I had a minor problem with the newfangled stove.
“I said I could sort of cook. I never said I was good at it!” I laugh out as he tries to smother the retreating flames with a lid. The oil was spreading across the glass top and the fire with it.
“Success!” He cries out as the blaze is extinguished. 
“Thank you. Now go away while I try to reignite it.” I grin to his back when he walks away shaking his head. The problem was I had never used this glass top burner type stove before. When I put the first chicken strip in the grease it had splashed out all over the burner and had ignited quickly. Luckily I had removed the pan before the food or grease in it caught on fire and it was only the grease on the stove that burnt. This time I place the remaining chicken in then put the pan back on the burner. I was actually a decent cook but he didn’t need to know that yet.
I turn back to the potatoes I am chopping for french fries and catch site of Dare lounging on the couch, bare ass naked. Damn, he is built. He is also big, everywhere. My body shivers with the memories of our four times so far. As he had said, he gave me control the one time, only the one time, and in no way do I believe I had any say over the situation. 
Nevertheless it had served its purpose to familiarize me with his body. He coached me on how to touch him and where when I just sat staring at his man parts in question. I didn’t have a clue what to do with him. But I did now. I wasn’t as afraid to touch him anymore, however I did it infrequently. I had issues with touching men, even with them clothed. It was something I needed to work on. Uncle’s words weren’t easily forgotten.
Besides I got the feeling he would rather be holding my hands above my head keeping me restrained than freely touching him anyway. I actually wasn’t sure why he hadn’t done just that but I believe it had to do with what he saw in the dream with Dirk and the fact he was still taking it easy on me. The second time he had coaxed me into taking him into my mouth but as soon as he seemed to be enjoying it, less than a minute into it, he had told me that was enough and I needed to find another way to please him. I think it was pleasing him too much and his precious control was slipping. 
In the short time I’ve known him and with what Angie said, I knew he prided himself on his control. He kept himself on a tight leash and I had a feeling if he let me hold the handle of that leash the leather would burst into flames. My goal for the last round was to make him loose it. He didn’t know it yet but I had plans for him. If he was going to make me surrender then so was he. Completely and totally.
I serve dinner to him in the front room. He stays lounging on the couch while I decide to curl into his recliner. Before I can sit down his voice stops me.
“Take off the shirt.” It was a command not a request. I had put it on to protect my skin from the grease splashing. It hadn’t made him happy. I look to the plate and Coke in my hands then down at my shirt. Unless I went back to the kitchen there was nowhere to put my plate, he didn’t have a coffee table. Obviously seeing my dilemma he lays his plate on the sofa and stands taking the items from my hands with a smirk resting on his lips. With a huff I pull the shirt off and toss it at him knowing full well he couldn’t catch it. How wrong I was! He tosses the unopened Coke in the air, snags the shirt then catches the can. 
“Show off.” I retort then grab my food and sit down. His smirk grows into a lazy lopsided grin right before he drops the cold soda in my lap. I yelp and snatch it up, glaring at him. “That was rude.” I try to keep a straight face but the giggle ruins the entire appearance. He flops back down on the couch then takes a tentative bite of his chicken. His eyes grow wide in surprise. I guess he figured because I almost burnt the kitchen down it wouldn’t taste all that great.
“This is really good, Marnie.” So far our only meal had been in silence, however the comfortable setting and the fact I knew the man much better, well I knew his body much better anyway, I decided to see what he’d do if this wasn’t a silent affair.
“Thank you. I started cooking for Uncle at age six. Something’s I can do okay. Others I still have issues with.” I shrug not meeting his eyes as I take a bite.
“How old were you when your mom died?” He asks softly, almost tenderly.
“Four. Drunk driver hit us head on going sixty-five. Mom slowed to roughly forty trying to drop behind the car beside her to get out of his way, she wasn’t fast enough. The car wasn’t recognizable afterwards. Mom died instantly. I was in the back, didn’t have a scratch on me. They called it a miracle from God. I called it the Devil placing me with his minion and laughing in God’s face.” I shrug and take another bite not looking at him. I didn’t normally talk about Uncle but since he had seen it in my dreams there was no reason to hide it.
“How old were you when he started hitting you?” I keep eating while we talk but Dare has placed his plate in his lap and hasn’t touched it.
“Four. One week after they sent me to him. He made me wash dishes but I was too short to reach the sink so I dragged a kitchen chair over to stand in. It was old and rickety. When I climbed in it the entire thing shuddered with my twenty-five pounds. The second night it collapsed under me. He used one of the legs to hit me then told the doctor I fell on the pieces when I climbed up to sneak cookies out of the high cabinet and the chair broke under me. The funny thing is I never hit the ground till he threw me there. I grabbed the counter when I felt it going and pulled myself up.” 
“Why did you see a doctor? Was something hurt badly?” His playful voice of a few minutes ago was gone. The hard, cold Dare had returned. I didn’t dare look at him. I didn’t like him this way, it scared me.
“He broke two ribs and fractured my wrist.” A loud growl rips through the room jerking my head up to stare at him in surprise.
“Where is this Uncle of yours?” His eyes glow a furious green, his jaw is clenched so tight I hear it pop, and a little tick has started up by his ear. His expression promised death. If my Uncle wasn’t already dead that is.
“He died of a heart attack when I was seventeen. He had been in the field harvesting the corn. I didn’t find him till close to midnight. I never went looking for him when he came in late because, well, why would I go looking for trouble? When midnight came and he still hadn’t come in demanding his diner I went searching. I found him halfway between the field and the house face down in the dirt. His hand was still clutching his chest.” I know it is horrible to say but it was a very happy day. 
What I failed to tell him was the night before he tried to rape me but had been too drunk and passed out on top of me instead. I didn’t go looking for him sooner because I didn’t want to be found. 
“Good riddance.” Amen to that. “And the other man?” I knew exactly who he meant but after the reaction to Uncle I found I didn’t want to tell him anything about Dirk. He was very much alive. Unless Dare found him.
“You need to eat, Dare. There is only about an hour left till midnight.” I state firmly as I rise to take my empty plate to the sink. His hand catches my arm not two steps away from the chair. I freeze in fear. I never saw him move.
“Who is he?” I shake my head and try to wrench my arm free, he holds it captive. He doesn’t hurt me, matter of fact his skin is barley touching mine but somehow he is keeping the arm still and unmoving. “Marnie, why won’t you tell me?” I look into his murderous eyes and decide to tell him the truth. He said he wouldn’t lie to me, I owed him the same.
“Because even though he did wrong, I don’t want you to kill him. It would just make you wrong also.” Some of the fire leaves his eyes.
“I won’t kill him. It is against our laws to kill a human. But there is nothing stating I can’t leave as many bruises on him as he did on you.” Is it horrible of me to consider telling him? I shake my head.
“No, Dare. He is a scrawny computer nerd. You would kill him with one hit. He didn’t succeed and I’ve had worse bruises. Please, let it go.” He drops my arm. I take in a calming breath and try to push my fears away. He didn’t hurt me. He said he wouldn’t. I had to trust in that.
“For now.” He swiftly turns his back on me and returns to his food. I step lightly into the kitchen then let out the breath I didn’t realize I was still holding as I deposit my plate in the sink. I would wash it later; I had plans to set into motion. 
The kitchen had two exits. One leading into the dining room then out to the front room and the other was a swinging half door that led into the hallway out of view of the couch. I slip through the second exit quietly and tiptoe to our room. I knew I wouldn’t have long before he came looking for me so I try to work quickly. 
Grabbing the chair from under the desk I sit it at the end of the bed, far enough in front of it that I can move behind it and directly in front of the door. I take a piece of paper from the printer and a sharpie marker from the pen holder on his desk. Steadying my hand I write in large letters ‘Sit down and clasp your hands behind your back’, then place the sign in the chair. I rummage through his closet till I find what I’m looking for then hide under the bed behind the chair. Seconds later the door opens. 
My body trembles as he walks towards the chair and picks up the note. A low chuckle escapes him. “What are you doing, Marnie?” I stay quiet, I couldn’t give away my position or this would never work. It will probably piss him off and he will be free in a matter of seconds but it was worth a try. 
Besides, it was a test. If he didn’t hurt me for this I might be able to believe he won’t hurt me at all. Not my brightest idea but I needed to know. I needed to push him, my way. In my irrational reasoning he could only get so mad in the bedroom, outside of it he could become furious. Better to try him here where he had something to gain from the experiment than out there where I had nothing to bargain with. 
“Very well, I’ll play. For now.” The last is a warning I should heed. 
I don’t.

Chapter Seven


I pretty much figure this is a bad idea when I realize she is hiding under the bed. She is doing a good job of staying still but her breathing is audible to me. With trepidation I sit and interlock my hands behind the back of the chair while watching over my shoulder to see what she would do. 
Her hands shoot out and loop something around my wrists before tightening it rapidly into a knot. I almost laugh as I realize it is the one and only tie I own. However, I keep my mirth to myself as she crawls out from under the bed to stand in front of me. Her chin is held high, her shoulders back but her body is trembling and fear laces her eyes. What is she doing? She had to know she was playing with fire.
“Are you sure this is how you want to do this, Marnie?” I ask in a deadly soft whisper. She flinches but holds her ground. She clears her throat twice before she has enough courage to speak.
“Yes.” She doesn’t move as if waiting for something. Me to break free maybe?
“Be sure, very sure. Where tying me down is very brave on your part, it might not be your smartest move.” Where was this going? She is visibly terrified, so why? Why do this?
“I’ve never been particularly smart, but I have balls bigger than yours and mine are made of steel.” Her chin lifts in pride but her hands shake nervously by her sides. I can’t say that I have found those on her body yet, but from what I’ve seen of her personality so far, she was right. She had to have been pretty damn tough to survive her Uncle.
“Very well, you have my curiosity peaked, Parvulum. Now that you have me here, what do you have in mind?” If she knew Parvulum meant ‘little one’ in Latin, she would probably have had something to say about that right now. 
It wouldn’t hurt to play along for a few minutes; it wasn’t like I couldn’t break the tie if I needed to. I’ve always loved restraints but this is the first time anyone has dared use them on me. I have always been the one in control of this game. I truly was curious where she was going with this. 
She clumsily kneels before me, her hand grabs my knee to steady herself before she jerks it away. My erection jumps at her touch, the electrical currents from the simple brush of her hand ignite my desire. A small smile flits across her lips before fleeing. She places a hand on each bare thigh and widens my legs before slipping between them. Her intentions become very clear. When she has me how she wants me she immediately removes her touch, balling her fists up and placing them in her lap. 
“I’m going to finish what I started.” She states bravely. I chuckle drawing her gaze.
“Do you seriously think this tie is going to hold me here?” Her expression doesn’t change a single bit.
“There’s not a chance in hell I think it will hold you. I couldn’t find any handcuffs.” She smirks then leans in closer wrapping a hand around my member. My breath catches, her touch burns as it has every time we have touched skin to skin. “However, it might give me a few minutes to accomplish my goal.” Her head sinks between my legs taking my shaft more than half way. My head drops forward on a ragged moan. 
“What is it you want to accomplish exactly?” I bite out as she pulls back then sinks further down than she was to begin with. This is about all the time I gave her last time. With the sparks from her touch and her innocent explorations she would have lost me in a matter of minutes, maybe seconds. I couldn’t allow my control to slip with her. I couldn’t hurt her like that man tried to do. I had to keep my wits about me because I knew what I liked, what I wanted, what I craved, but I couldn’t have that with Marnie. Not yet anyway. Not without hurting her, she was too new to sex. 
“I want you to lose your precious control.” That was the last thing she wanted. She states this so quietly I don’t believe it was for my ears. Her tongue swirls over the tip before she sinks down again. My hips unconsciously rise to meet her. She hums in approval gaining a surprised gasp from me. By the fates. I grit my teeth to her ministrations, trying my best to ignore what she was doing to me. That was truly an impossible feat.
“Marnie.” It is a clear warning. She does it again. My arms tighten to rip the tie to shreds when her small hand lands on my chest as if she could hold me there. “Marnie.” This time it’s a plea. “You really do not want this.” I hiss out the last word because she unsheathes her teeth and scraps them up my length. My head falls back on the wooden high back chair and my ragged breathing stops completely. 
“Yes I do. You have been holding back every time. I can feel it. The first time I understood. The second you were humoring me. The third and fourth just aggravated me. I am not a fragile china doll. If I have to surrender completely to you, then I want you to surrender your control to me. Or you can stop me and hope to force my surrender before midnight.” She sinks down once more, this time taking all of him. A strangled moan is ripped from my throat and I feel her smile. But it was me who should be grinning.
I didn’t have to force her to do anything before midnight. The Change had already begun, her bruises were almost gone. She had already surrendered according to The Claiming, she just didn’t know that. 
There was more than one way to bring on The Change. My mother had explained to me once that when the human willingly accepts the blood of her chosen mate that’s when she fully accepted her fate. She surrendered her humanity for immortality. This made The Change in her possible. 
The second way was if a woman wasn’t accepting to the idea and refused to drink on her own, her verbal surrender was acceptable. I had always thought you would have to be a particularly cruel mate to force a woman to drink your blood four times then demand or manipulate her into a verbal surrender in order to force The Change to happen and her fangs to drop for the fifth. However, now that I knew they died at the end of forty-eight hours this way makes a little more sense to me and the mate a little less cruel. This is the only time the surrender is required to be spoken. By her saying the words it gives the blood that has been forced into her system permission to begin The Change. I didn’t need Marnie to verbally surrender to me, she had already accomplished it with her actions.
“I cannot promise I will not hurt you if you do this.” She stiffens. “I don’t mean like that. I mean…. Dammit Marnie, I like it rough. If you force me over this edge I will not take it easy on you. Four times in one night for the first time, you have to be sore already. I don’t want to hurt you. Let’s do this another night.” The last word is a groan as she takes him fully once more, her shaky hand cupping my sac like I instructed earlier. 
Unconsciously I note that she has not touched me in any way that I did not tell her to the second time we made love. The third and fourth she kept her hands to herself just as she did the first. Almost like she was afraid to touch me anywhere I did not specifically tell her. She pulls back only to drop down again. Later, I’d figure this out later.
“No. I feel fine, actually. I am asking you for this. You won’t hurt me and if you do then it is my fault for asking, for pushing, you’ve warned me. This is what I want, Dare. I chose you. I let you claim me thus far. I have given myself to you, complete with my virginity. I drank your blood for heaven sake. Give me your control. I want you to completely lose it. Let me see you. The you no one else will ever see. The you that is completely wild. You use control as a shield to hide from everyone around you, I suspect you do it even with your brothers. If I am to be your mate then I should know what I’m facing with you. I want the real Dare. Now.” With her last word she becomes merciless. 
Her pace, which has been slow and purposeful, becomes rushed and frantic. It’s exhilarating. My hips begin to pump with her rhythm forcing him further, deeper. I think of breaking the bonds to grab her head but change my mind. For some reason she felt she needed power over me right now and by doing that I would take her power away. If I thought I could be unbound and not control the situation I was even more insane than she was at the moment. 
I understand what she is asking for, what she needs to know. Can she handle me in the future when I do lose it? She is worried I will snap and hit her, take her unwillingly, hurt her. This is a test to see what I will do to her when she upsets me. If she understands me enough to realize how much I rely on being in control then she is smart enough to know by tying me down she would make me very unhappy. But how unhappy? That’s what she is testing. 
The only problem with her reasoning is I won’t snap and hurt her but I might snap and dominate her more than she wants. The woman hasn’t seen control yet. I keep myself very carefully tempered. In everyday things I watch myself to make sure I am not being obsessive, commanding or dominating to a point of extreme. If she takes that resistance away she won’t like what she’s left with. Even out of control I am in command. It’s a more intense kind of power than my normal restraint on life, but it is rewarding and satisfying where life isn’t. And something I do not indulge in often. 
She is right. She needed to know what would happen when she made me angry. What would happen when she pushed me. What would happen when I snapped. She needed to know me. So I clasp my hands tightly together and give her what she wants.
“So be it. Remember, you asked for this, Marnie.” She hums her approval and unsheathes her teeth. My back arches off the chair. A low guttural cry that comes from somewhere deep down bounces off the walls to return to me sounding like an animal in pain. I was not in pain. Her hands grasp onto my hips to help steady herself. Her nails dig into my ass as she begins to pound against me, taking me so far into her throat I can feel her tonsils. Her lips tighten down to almost painful before she lets out a long low hum that resonates through my entire being. Oh Fuck!
“Marnie. Pull back.” I gasp out the only warning I can manage. She buries my shaft in the back of her throat before once more baring her teeth to drag them roughly to the head, ending a rough nip before shoving her way back to the hilt. That small bite does exactly what she wants and I detonate deep in her throat. My moderated control is ripped away leaving a starved raging animal in my place. 
She was mine. She had dared to tie me up. Challenge me. Control me. I own her. She is mine. I needed her obedience. I needed to claim her as mine. Show her who she belonged to. I needed her complete surrender. And I would get it --the tie falls to the ground in shreds-- right now.

****

I felt the change in him even before I heard the tie rip. A low animalistic growl reverberates through the room as I swallow his semen rapidly. In one fluid motion hands grasp my upper arms and yank me from the ground to toss me to the bed. I land with a bounce. I look up as soon as the momentum stops carrying me, needing to keep my eyes on the animal I had unleashed. He isn’t in the room. 
My heart beats rapidly as I scramble back against the headboard. Did he leave? He wouldn’t have left would he? Surely I didn’t make him angry enough to leave me without finishing The Claiming. This has to be completed in….I look to the bedside clock surprised at how short an amount of time had passed since I crawled under the bed. It had only taken me fifteen minutes to break him. We still had fifty-eight minutes before time was up. 
Heavy footsteps draw my attention to the cracked open door. It swings wide permitting me my first real glimpse of Dare not in control, only he looked more so now than he had been before. Except there was a difference to him now. Where before he had seemed very tightly wound like he was always holding himself back, keeping himself from everyone and only showing what he thought they could handle, he now seemed natural and almost free. He was still terrifying. 
I don’t believe I have ever seen him when he wasn’t tense and rigid in some way, not even in our bed did he fully relax. He was always ready to spring into a fight. Now he stood completely at ease for the first time. Not relaxed, not tense, just comfortable in his body. His chin is tilted and intimidating, but once again this looked perfectly natural on him. His eyes were raging but not with anger, with desire, passion, possessiveness and determination. His hands were resting at his thighs but they weren’t empty. A long piece of rope was stretched tight from one hand to the other. My eyes widen, a scared little whine escapes me and I press further into the headboard.
“Oh, no. That scared act is not going to work this time. Remember, you asked for this. You wanted to see me, the real me. The Dare no one else sees. The Dare who will come out to play when you piss me off. Because isn’t that really what this was about Marnie? You wanted to see how I would react to you making me angry? To you defying me? And you thought by taking away my ‘control’ you would see once and for all if I would hit you or not? If you could push me over the edge you would know how I would react and then you could make up your mind what happened next, mate or no mate. Am I correct?” Damn, how did he figure that out? Would his reaction even matter now? He wouldn’t strike me if he knew I was pushing him for that exact reaction. I straighten my shoulders and lie my ass off.
“No.” His brows shoot up and a cruel smile curves his lips. He was definitely still in control of himself but this was different. He wasn’t toning it down, he was letting me see him just like I asked. And I was going to pay for that lie.
“Lying now are we? I warned you, you did not want this. Because now you are going to get me. The uninhibited version. You were correct about the way I use control as a shield but you were wrong also. What you failed to understand is in life I keep a very tight leash on myself. Only I know what I’m capable of. I’m obsessive, possessive, demanding, unforgiving, controlling and I have a very bad temper, but it isn’t like what you have experienced before. I don’t use my hands to hurt but I will use them to drive you to the point of insanity to get what I want or need from you. I might even punish you sexually with them, but I won’t hurt you.” His grin is mischievous and slightly unnerving. What exactly is a sexual punishment? 
“I know what I like. I like you. I like your humor, your sarcasm, your bravery, your strength. I like all of this, when it is called for. I also like obedience, submission, order, truth and of course, control. I do not like to be challenged. I do not like to be pushed. I do not like to be disobeyed. I do not like to be lied to. And I certainly do not like being tied to my own chair.” Pushing off the door frame he grabs said chair and returns it back under his desk. Upon turning he rests back against the desk, ankles and arms crossed in a leisurely way. He keeps his intense green eyes locked with mine while he finishes his speech. 
“If I was still the Dare who was in control of my actions I would restrain myself and move on with maybe a verbal warning. I gave you this warning and you refused to listen. So far you have seen me in moderation mode. You have seen the control freak who can restrain himself. But now you have broken that restraint to smithereens. You see Marnie, by taking away my very tight hold on my need to control life around me, you created a new need in me.” He pushes off the desk, snaps the rope taught between his hands, then runs his taunting gaze from my head to my feet, stopping on my eyes. “A need to control you.” Oh shit. I didn’t like the sound of that.
“Lie on your back and stretch your arms above your head.” He stalks toward the bed coming up on the right side. I don’t move, I’m still too stunned by his confessions. “Now!” He shouts commandingly and slaps the rope against the bed with a resounding ‘thud’. I hurry to obey. When he drops the rope beside my head I realize it isn’t one, but two. He roughly grasps my wrist and ties the end of one piece securely around it. With the other end in hand he stands, ties the end into a slip knot then threads it through a small hole in the headboard, somehow securing it to the backside where I can’t see it. I realize then that this is not the first time a woman has been tied to this bed. He repeats the action with my other hand securing it through the same hole to the backside of the headboard. 
There is a lot of length between where it is secured and where my hands rest. I wonder if even with his speech he was taking it easy on me. Till he grasps my ankles, flips me nimbly to my stomach then yanks me down the bed till the rope is painfully tight. Nope, he’s not taking it easy anymore. I suck my lip in between my teeth to keep from telling him to stop. He was right, I had pushed him, I had asked for him, now I was getting him.
He doesn’t join me on the bed. Instead he paces from one side to the other, his eyes never leaving my body. On his third trip he pauses by the edge of the bed and caresses my left butt cheek. “Did you enjoy your game?” He asks in a menacing voice. I nod. He smacks my ass, hard. I yelp. “Speak. Did you enjoy your little game?” He repeats harshly. 
“Yes.” I bite out. He caresses my cheek again then stealthily moves to the other side of the bed. His hand glides over the right cheek, I flinch, he strikes. I bite my lip to keep in the cry this time. I drop my head to the bed and wonder what I have done? This wasn’t like Uncle, he wasn’t hitting me to hurt me. Dare could hit much harder than that, I was sure of it. I believe he was only showing me this was as bad as he got. I had been waiting for him to strike me, so he was giving it to me in his way. A spanking. A mild one at that. ‘Sexual punishment’ now made since.
“Are you enjoying it now?” He asks on a chuckle. His hand traces circles over my stinging skin.
“No.” I whisper and wait for the slap. It never comes. Instead he caresses the cheek firmly. I feel the bed dip but don’t raise my head. I didn’t think I could look at him without the tears falling. I would do this, I asked for it. He knew I wanted to know how he would handle me if I made him angry. He was showing me.
He grasps my hips and lifts me to my knees then spreads my legs wide, so wide my thigh muscles stretch and pull painfully. He shoves me forward just enough to loosen the ropes a bit, then instructs me to rise up on my elbows. I do as I’m bid. His body lays over mine his breath hot at my ear.
“You wanted to break me. I warned you it would be rough. Do you want to back out now and let me calm down? We will still have time.” His voice gentles at the end giving me an option for retreat. For all of his talk he was still worried about hurting me. That in itself told me much about the man Dare was. 
I don’t want retreat. He used the words ‘I like it rough’. This wasn’t only to show me what to expect. It wasn’t only to show me him in this state of being. He liked this. If this is how Dare likes it then I will need to learn to like it too. Forever is a long time.
“No. I want you, Dare. If this is you, so be it.” I throw his words back at him and feel him jerk behind me in surprise. His hand tangles tightly in my hair and his body lifts off mine. Without warning he slams into me. I cry out from the force. 
“Do you still want me?” He asks in a hoarse whisper.
“Yes.” He pulls back and crashes into me again knocking me forward with his momentum. His guttural bellow covers my whimper.
“And now?” He ends with a groans.
“Yes.” His hand tightens to painful then he pushes down and forward on my head holding it to the mattress, holding me still. His other hand grasps my waist. He pulls back and smashes into me once more, this time pulling me backwards to meet him. My cry turns to a moan and that now familiar pull begins to grow low in my belly. He repeats the action. I gasp with the intensity of pleasure this gives me. This should not be doing this to me. For all the power behind his thrusts this should be painful. It wasn’t.
“And now? Is this what you wanted Marnie? Me? Like this?” The low husky tone of his voice sends tingles down my spine. After the first time he had shown little emotional reaction and even less verbal, directing me on what to do with little to no pleasure of his own hinting in his voice. That’s how I knew he was holding back. He held himself in check before, he wasn’t now. He might think he is in more control than he was and maybe he was, of me, but of himself, he was completely over the edge. He was enjoying himself more with the last five strokes than he had the last four times we were together. If this was him then the answer was easy.
“Yes!” I shout wanting more, needing more. He obliges. With an inhuman speed he pummels me harder and harder, all the while keeping me motionless in front of him. It is this motionless state that makes it all the more intense. It was only by his hands and his movements that I was allowed to enjoy myself. If he was to stop I would be shattered. He held all the control over me but none over himself. That was the turn on.
His hand un-fists from my hair, both hands wrap around my shoulders pulling me back into him with each powerful plunge. His body lies across my back bringing his hips higher and his thrusts deeper. He grows rougher with each passing moment. My body begins to quiver, the need for release rapidly approaching. I bite my lip and mewl deep in my throat.
He stops. 
“No.” He demands.
“Dare!” I shout to him. A hand lands firmly on my ass. I groan. Oh, holy hell! Why did that turn me on this time? It didn’t before. Maybe sensing my enjoyment, maybe not, he brings his palm down again in the same place. My body trembles in pleasure. 
He leans up next to my ear, his hand swiping my hair away from my neck, he whispers, “You haven’t given me your surrender. Do not come.” His teeth sink into my flesh slowly. A measured amount of pain mixes with ecstasy making my body want to splinter, it doesn’t. It stays suspended in a burning intensity that sets every nerve ending on fire. It wants to detonate, it’s begging to let go, but it holds on as if it knows he told me no. I try to move my hips for a little friction, something, anything, just a little movement and I would find bliss. His hand finds my ass again, this time harder, sharper. My back arches and he bites down with a punishing grip. I freeze.
“Dare! Please move.” I beg him. His deep chuckle is not what I wanted to hear. “Dammit Dare!” I grind out as I try to rotate my hips. His hold is absolute. I could not move. He very deliberately retracts his fangs from my neck and licks the wound.
“Who do you belong to?” He asks in that deadly calm whisper.
“Myself.” I answer automatically without thinking. I know it is the wrong answer instantly but I can’t take it back as he growls low in my ear.
“Not anymore.” With quick moves he pushes my knees out from under me, landing me flat on my stomach, his body covers mine, somehow we’re further back from where I began because the ropes were now stretched to extremely painful and cutting into my wrists. His legs pinion mine, his hand finds its way back into my hair holding my head immobile with his solid grip, the other slips between my body and the sheets. 
Leisurely he begins to move, in and out, nowhere near the power of before. His fingers find that small bundle of nerves. He pinches it forcefully then begins to circle it completely, not hitting the right spot but everywhere around it. The little electrical surges from his touch fail to reach that spot. I let out a mewl of displeasure. His chuckle sets my normally hidden temper on fire. I slam my hips back against his with as much force as my position allows. He stops all movement. I sob.
“Dare, please, please.” What I’m begging for I don’t know anymore. For him to move, hit the right spot, let me come, stop teasing me, something, anything but this.
“Who owns you?” He whispers in my ear.
“You.” I cry.
“Whose body is this?” His fingers pinch my clit powerfully with the last word.
“Yours.” I sob. Oh, God. I was so close, so damn close.
“Who do obey?” I whimper. I didn’t obey anyone. He wasn’t Uncle. “No answer is still a wrong answer.” His hand begins to move again, torturing me, tormenting me, never hitting where I wanted him to. His body rocks against mine only giving me enough friction to make it worse, not better. His hand untangles from my hair and slides under my left breast. He grasps the pebbled nipple between his thumb and index finger then rolls it between them and pulls. I cry out with the new stimulation. 
His forehead drops to my shoulder wetting it with his sweat. The bite to my back surprises me enough to wrench a scream lose. It wasn’t any more painful than my neck; it was only that I wasn’t expecting it. He draws in two long drinks then pulls away. Not enough to send me over, but enough to make my blood boil with need. I need him to stop this, I need him to move, I need him. 
His fingers brush lightly over my clit then retreat. I bite my lip hard to keep from sobbing. Tears form in my eyes from frustration. I try unsuccessfully once more to move my hips, to guide his hand, anything. Nothing works. His words from earlier echo in my head ‘I don’t use my hands to hurt but I will use them to drive you to the point of insanity to get what I want or need from you.’ He has me at his mercy and the only way to finish this is to give him what he wants. Complete surrender. With a yell of frustration I give in with whispered words.
“I surrender.” He stops moving.
“What was that? I didn’t hear you.” Yes he did. He had heard me talk much lower and knew exactly what I said. He wanted it louder, he wanted it complete.
“You own me. My body is your body. I will obey you and only you. I surrender to you, Dare. I surrender to you completely. I am yours, heart, body and soul, forever.” The tears finally fall with my confession. It was the absolute truth. 
I was his, forever. 
Behind me his entire body trembles with my submission. With a quick movement from him I’m flipped to my back, the ropes are gone and he is above me. He sinks into me slowly before leaning down to take my lips in a passionate kiss. I’m surprise to realize this is the first kiss he has given me since this episode began. The other four times he had been very generous with his lips. However, this kiss isn’t only filled with passion but also need and an underlying current of urgency. Even before he pulls away he is moving faster. Oh, thank fuck!
He rises up on his knees, grabs my hips and pulls my bottom half up to meet him, I wrap my legs firmly around his waist leaving my shoulders on the bed. His hands manacle my waist pulling me into his deep, long, hard strokes. His rhythm is frantic, forceful and out of control, as he pounds furiously into me. I watch his eyes as chaos reigns supreme. He has finally lost every bit of his control. He moans and throws his head back on a howl. He grabs my hands and pulls me up into him, wrapping his arms around me in a tight embrace, his fangs punch out and he latches onto my neck all in one motion. 
My eyes flit to the clock by the bed and back.
11:58. I watch the juncture of his neck as a vein pulses wildly there. I can hear the blood pumping through his body. It’s calling for me to take it. It was meant for me. I needed it. I could smell it. I could practically see it. I wanted to taste it. My mouth explodes in pain as fangs punch through my gums and drop low in my mouth. 
11:59. My head falls forward, fangs slide through skin, his blood fills my mouth, cinnamon and something new…something strong…exquisite…. Power burst over my taste buds, so much stronger than just the cinnamon had been from his wrist, the thick liquid coats my throat. 
12:00. Just like his touch, electrical currents run through his blood sparking and igniting as it courses throughout my body literally creating tingles everywhere. His taste, his smell, the sparks, the tingling, his touch, his bite, The Claiming --Because that’s what this time was, he claimed me as his with every thrust he pounded into me-- they all overwhelm me. I break into a million pieces on the most intense orgasm yet. I feel his body jerk inside mine as he also reaches his release.
I remove my fangs from his neck then lick the wound as he had done to mine. I lay my head on his shoulder and watch as it heals over leaving two scars where my puncture wounds had been. My gaze flits to the clock.
12:06. The Claiming was done. 
We were mated.

****

Within seconds she is asleep sitting up in my arms and I have to chuckle. I guess twelve hours of sex would tire any one out. Trying not to wake her I carefully twist and lay her on the bed before disentangling myself from her body. Damn, that was relaxing. I hadn’t let go like that in a hundred years, if not longer. Inspecting the rope burns on her wrists I can’t help the small wince. I might have enjoyed it but I didn’t feel right about those marks. I shouldn’t have let the ropes harm her, I forget she can’t heal as quickly as me….yet.
Oh, but controlling her had been so much fun. It had been worth playing her little game and letting her believe she had power over me in that chair, just to hear those words. Her voice rings in my ears. 
‘You own me. My body is your body. I will obey you and only you. I surrender to you, Dare. I surrender to you completely. I am yours, heart, body and soul, forever.’ 
Damn right she is. 
What The Claiming meant by surrender completely was she had to give herself over to the Patronus way of life. Meaning she had to accept my blood willingly for it to change her. She had surrendered completely the first time we had sex when she held my arm to her mouth. Making her say the words were for her benefit. She needed to know she was mine. Everything about her is mine. Unknowingly with both her mental and verbal submission she gave me ultimate control over her. 
She was mine in every way. 
I cannot believe she thought to tie me down. It actually gave me a little more respect for her. Not many, if any, would have been brave enough to try that little stunt with me. Nevertheless, it wouldn’t happen again. I let her play her game this time, I gave her what she wanted to show her what she was getting herself into if she pushed me again. I had even carefully maintained a measured amount of my control, until she uttered those words. That’s when I had truly lost my mind. I never dreamed hearing a woman say I owned her would drive me to insanity. It had with Marnie. I look down to her sleeping frame, so peaceful. 
My mate.
Already the Patronus traits were beginning to be visible. The bruises I had been trying to ignore all damn day were almost completely gone now. As a human she would have had at least another three to six days before they healed. Her stitches could be removed in the morning, the gash on her thigh almost gone. I trace my mark on her neck with shaky fingers, the scars of my bite would never fade. Gently I brush her hair back away from her face and have to bite my lip to keep from laughing out loud. She never retracted her fangs. They would tear her lips up by morning. 
I climb from the bed to grab a can of Coke. Hopefully the smell alone will retract them. I don’t think I could get her to drink in her sleep. Not bothering with clothing in my own home I walk into the front room and freeze. 
“How long have you been here?” Archer is lounging on my couch with his hands crossed behind his head staring at the ceiling.
“Since six minutes after twelve. Is it done? Is she your mate?” Six minute after. He was making sure The Claiming had been completed by 12:05. Got to love nosey big brothers.
“It’s done.” I stroll to the fridge to grab that Coke. If he didn’t want to see me naked he shouldn’t have barged into my home. Any one of my brothers would have used magic to put on some clothes but again, I hated magic. His brow rises at the Coke as I walk back in. A small smile curves his lips before I can answer.
“She can’t retract them?” He asks with humor.
“She fell asleep before she even tried.” His bark of laughter makes me shush him. “She just went to sleep, dammit. Don’t wake her. Give me a minute. I’ll be right back.” He nods with a knowing smirk as I walk away. I pop the top before I enter the room then stride to the bed and gently prop her up in my arms. Holding the can under her nose I wait to see if it will work. It doesn’t. I scratch my head trying to think of any way but waking her. 
Getting an idea I lay her back down then dip my finger in the caramel liquid before tracing her lips with the drink. Her tongue darts out taking in the moisture, her body flinches when her tongue catches on her fangs, cutting it. It doesn’t wake her though. Her mouth stays partially open and I take advantage of it by dripping drops onto her tongue. It only takes a few before the fangs retract, a deep sigh coming from her as she curls tighter into a ball. Her hand reaches out to feel for me across the bed. When she doesn’t find me her mouth turns down in a frown before she settles into sleep. It pleases me to no end that she is looking for me.
I throw on my sweat pants and return to my nosey brother. Settling myself in the chair across from him I ask the question I know he’s here to have answered. “What do you want to know?” I lean back and take a swig from the can. No sense wasting it.
“What was it like?” His eyes fill with a deep sorrow before carefully going blank. I had no idea Archer wanted a mate. I wouldn’t have pegged him for the type. Bane, yes, maybe even Emmitt or Fin but not Archer and never Cash. Archer has always been resigned to his single status. Almost like he knew there wasn’t a mate out there for him. Even though we all had a predestined mate, it just took time to find her. 
“The first word that pops into my head is intense. But then again we did a forty-eight hour ritual in less than twelve hours.” I shrug.
“Was it like the stories we have heard? Did she take to your blood willingly?” He leaves off ‘or did you have to force her.’ It is implied though. Did he really think I would do that? Then again if it was force or death, I would have used force. It wasn’t easy for Archer to ask questions. Him being the oldest and over nine hundred, he was the one we ran to for answers not the other way around.
“At first she fought me. She tried to shove my arm away from her mouth after I finally got her to open it to begin with. Once she got a taste though, she latched on like it was chocolate.” I chuckle at the memory of her crying because she enjoyed it. Women.
“Did you know when to bite her? When you needed to give her the blood, did you just know?” Archer was a very literal man. If he couldn’t see it or touch it then it wasn’t real. This whole mating thing had him confused since I was a child. He used to sit and unload question after question on our mother wanting to know all there was to know. He just couldn’t comprehend something he couldn’t see. 
“Yes, I knew. Well, let’s say my fangs did. I had no control over them. When they dropped it was time, trust me.” I grin.
“I’ll have to.” Something in his voice draws my attention. His cobalt eyes are more reserved than normal, a deep sadness lurking behind the surface. “You are the only one who has a mate.” He adds almost as an afterthought. What was depressing him tonight? Me? Marnie? The entire mate thing?
“Hey, you aren’t angry are you? I know Bane was a little miffed she was mine, but are you?” This was a little more in depth with feeling than we normally went, usually we just kicked each other’s ass when we were pissed about something. However this seemed different.
“It wasn’t that she was yours, Dare. None of us can hold that over you. We don’t get to pick, it’s done for us. It was your treatment of her that aggravated the rest of us.”
“My treatment of her? I took her straight to you guys. Everything inside me screamed for me to run with her, but I brought her. I did what I was supposed to.” He gives me the big brother look, you know the one. That look that asks ‘are you really that stupid and if you are how are you related to me?’
“Dare, you made her run five hours through the forest barefoot.” He gives me a hard look. I was never going to live that one down. Three hundred years from now they were still going to be holding it over my head.
“Okay, that was stupid of me. I only wanted to get her back to the tent to get it over with. You know damn well I didn’t want a mate. Then to find her wandering around a forest lost after some asshole attacked her. I wasn’t thinking straight.” He didn’t have to know I found out about the asshole after the fact. With this news he sits up straighter on the couch.
“Someone attacked her? Who?” It didn’t matter they were pissed at me, she was family now and they would feel the same way I did about this. They’d want to hurt the asshole.
“She won’t tell me his name. I was going to see if Emmitt could pull up satellite images of Yellowstone from when I met up with her back two maybe three days. She said it had been two nights. If he can follow her back from meeting me to when she was attacked we might be able to figure out who it was.” Then I would pay him a visit.
“Why won’t she tell you his name?” His puzzled look is amusing. Archer didn’t do puzzled very well.
“Let’s see, her words were, and I quote ‘even though he did wrong, I don’t want you to kill him. It would just make you wrong also.’” Archer chuckles.
“Smart woman.” He grins.
“She is. Even though I get the impression she doesn’t think she is. We haven’t talked that much about her life. She mentioned her abusive Uncle that is already dead, her mother died in a car crash with a drunk driver when she was four and she didn’t mention a father.” I hadn’t asked either. Talking about her uncle had put a deep sadness in her eyes I didn’t like seeing there. I hadn’t wanted to hear about her father and see more pain cross her face.
“You want Emmitt to do a background check? Make sure everything checks out?” I stare at him.
“She is my mate. What good would that do me now?” I had no doubt she was telling the truth, after all I had seen the Uncle and asshole in her head. It’s hard to conjure a lie into your dreams like that.
“You might find the asshole was her father or she knew him, maybe even was close to him.” She better not be close to him. A growl wants to rip itself from my chest but I hold it back forcefully. If he had been someone she knew it would be tearing her apart. Was it? She hadn’t seemed to be focusing on the attack that led her into the woods but then again with everything else going on how could she be? I think maybe I have been commanding her attention for the past two days making it impossible for her to focus on anything else. I know I had for the past twelve hours.
“It wasn’t her father. Angie hooked up her computer to Marnie’s brain and I saw the jerk. He was early twenties. If anything he could be a full, step, or half-brother. If the satellite doesn’t turn up anything then I’ll have him run it, until then leave it be.” He nods.
“She’s your mate.” That isn’t the first time he’s said that.
“That really bothers you, doesn’t it?” He doesn’t look surprised by the question, he looks tired. Was he having trouble sleeping again?
“Not that you have a mate, Dare. That doesn’t bother me. I’m happy for you. What I’m trying to figure out is what you are going to do next.” He arches his brow expectantly. 
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” I demand.
“Exactly as I asked. What do you plan on doing next? I know why you took her as a mate, she is meant for you after all. Why wouldn’t you take what’s rightfully yours? You obviously slept with her, that’s a given with The Claiming, but do you even have feelings for the woman? You have known her a little more than two days.” Again this goes back to believing is seeing. He couldn’t understand how much she already meant to me. Truthfully, neither could I. 
“Honestly Archer, I had feelings for her before she chose and I hadn’t said ten words to her. The minute I saw her something tugged inside me screaming at me to keep her safe, protect her above everything else, hold her close and don’t let her go. Granted it took me twenty minutes running through the forest with her at my side before I realized what the hell it was I was experiencing. Now two days later the thought of me or anyone else hurting her makes me want to rip them apart. Hell Archer, don’t tell the guys, but just being this far away from her makes me agitated.” I run my hands through my hair thinking of how rough I had been with her. I didn’t like the feeling. I needed to lay back down with her, hold her, make sure she was alright. 
“I see. So we don’t have to worry about you deciding to go off and fight constantly leaving her here alone then?” I raise my brow to him.
“Excuse me?” His deep chuckle annoys me.
“You like control, Dare, you always have. Mates aren’t controllable. They are head strong, relentless, messy, unpredictable, disobedient and sometimes conniving. We have a pool going to see how long it takes you to get fed up with it and leave her here alone to go anywhere she isn’t. If what you say is true, then I will win.” He grins. He must not have bet against me.
“Let me guess, Bane gave me the shortest time? Then Cash, Fin and Emmitt?” He nods. “This is the reason you are here? To make sure I was comfortable with this decision?” Once more he nods. “As if I had a choice in it, but yes I am very comfortable with having Marnie as mine. I understand what you are saying, however I believe I can handle anything she can throw at me. Does that set your mind at ease, Big Brother?” He grins. “Brotherly love. What have we got if we don’t have that?” I snort out. It was our mother’s favorite saying.
“We were only worried about you and Marnie. Nothing more. I better get going. You have a mate to cuddle with.” He gives me an un-Archer like wink then leaves through the door. I stare after him. If I didn’t know better I would say he had been in my head listening. It would break his own rule about never prying things from our heads we weren’t willing to give up, then again if he was really worried, he might. Archer held unimaginable power, more than even we knew about. Controlling us and anyone else who he felt needed it, reading the minds of anyone who wasn’t family --which was only by his rule, not because he couldn’t read ours-- and telepathically moving objects were the only definite things I knew about the powers he held. The rest he kept to himself.
“That was sweet of him.” Marnie’s voice startles me and I swing around towards the hall to face her.
“How long have you been there? Why didn’t you come meet him?” She looks down at my long shirt then rubs her wrists.
“Long enough to know they care about you and I didn’t think I was very presentable at the moment. It must have been nice having a large loving family growing up.” She stares at the door longingly. I stare at her wrists.
“Well you’ll soon find out, they’re your family now. As annoying as they are, they’re good guys. You’ll like them. I’ll introduce you tomorrow.” She nods sharply, a tremor of fear running through her. This might get interesting. I would have to warn them about her fear of men. If Fin was his normal self he would pull her into a hug without thinking about it when I introduced them properly and she might just hit him for it. Then again maybe I won’t warn them.
“Are you coming back to bed?” She asks as her eyes scan my body. I laugh.
“Marnie, there is no way you are thinking about having sex again tonight. Five times in one day especially with the intensity of the last one. No. We are going to sleep.” I pull her to me and tuck her under my arm. She melds to me easily and comfortably. Maybe her fear of me was gone?
“I’m alright, you know. You didn’t hurt me.” She says it quietly as we enter the bedroom.
“Are you sure? Your wrists say otherwise.” I can’t help the small tremor in my voice as my own fears are faced. I never wanted to hurt her. It wasn’t even her wrists that bothered me, they would heal and it hadn’t been done out of malice. It was something inside of me that had been getting stronger since I first laid eyes on her. I needed to protect her at all cost, even from myself. She turns to me and rises up on her tip toes. She is a few inches short of my mouth. She huffs and drags me by the hand to the bed. I let her shove me into a sitting position so we are eye to eye. She immediately removes her hand from mine.
“I am positive. Not only did I goad you into it, I had ulterior motives. Yes, I was testing you. I needed to know how you reacted. I have a very big problem with trusting people, men especially. I had to have proof of your promise.” She shrugs her shoulders like it was no big deal. To her it was.
“And? Did I pass your little test, Marnie? Will you trust me now?” I let my hands rest on her waist as she searches for her answer. Her hands stay clasped behind her back. 
“I am going to try. Sixteen years is a long time to just forget about. It’s a lot of fear to just not have it any more. Right now the trust is tentative. Easily broken. Maybe after we have a little longer together it won’t be. Can you work with that?” Her hands hesitantly come up to rest on my shoulders. Even during sex she hesitated to touch me and I wonder if that had to do with this trust she was talking about. If the only male touch she ever had was that of her Uncles I can see where it would bother her for me to touch her but why did her touching me worry her? I would have to ask one day. But not now.
“I can live with that. For now.” I say confidently. 
She gives me a small smile then leans in very slowly to lay a sweet kiss on my lips. When she steps back dropping her hands to her sides she looks as if she’s waiting for something for a full minute before her body relaxes. Her mood seems to shift completely and a grin spreads across her face. “Now stop worrying and strip.” She wiggles her eyebrows at me playfully before shucking my shirt from her body and climbing into bed. Man, she was confusing sometimes. I shake my head and laugh.
As I climb in beside her I promise myself I won’t touch her except to hold her. 
I lied.

Chapter Eight


I pull myself from Marnie’s side early the next morning. I didn’t want to leave her, but I had a meeting with my brothers on the attack at Yellowstone. I briefly write out a note and leave it on my pillow so when she wakes up she’d know I’d be back soon. I wasn’t sure what prompted me to do this and if I examine it too closely it will probably piss me off enough to make me chunk the note in the garbage. Instead I leave before I can think about it. 
Even before I reach the control room I am aggravated and annoyed. When I walk in and see Cash and Bane punching each other, computer parts from previously whole computers spread under them on the floor, it sends my already unsteady nerves over the edge.
“What the fuck are you doing?!” They freeze and look to me. Neither speaks. “If one of you doesn’t tell me why you are destroying high tech equipment I am going to give you to Archer to deal with.” This, of course, wouldn’t have been much of a threat because Archer was the most passive of us all, except he could force them to tell him what was wrong then force them to do whatever he wanted to make it right and Archer had a sick sense of humor. Once Emmitt was seeing this girl, nothing serious but she meant something to him, until Cash decided the girl was bad for him. Instead of talking this out, Cash slept with her then gave Emmitt proof. 
Archer made Cash wear a dress for two days because according to Archer he had acted like a jealous teenage girl. It had taken almost fifty years before the men let him live it down. Some still called him Cashy behind his back. You didn’t mess with that little thing we call ‘the big brother power’. If Archer wanted you to do it, you did it. We all hated that little gift, except Archer.
“Just a friendly disagreement between brothers.” Cash says pulling himself up off the floor and offering Bane a hand and a hard look that said this wasn’t over. Bane takes it grudgingly and pulls himself up.
“Yeah, just a disagreement.” He mutters.
“About?” I was number four out of six boys and often found myself the mediator, today I wasn’t feeling it. I pick up a chair off the ground and slam it under the table then right the next one as they start picking up computer pieces. I sure hope Emmitt came fix that.
“Nothing, Dare. It was just a stupid comment. Sorry about the room.” Okay, that right there told me Cash had made the comment and he was now feeling guilty about it. He never apologized for anything, not even when he should.
“What did you say Cash?” I huff out and plant my ass in a chair. His face turns red as he does the same. Cash embarrassed? This is new. “Must have been something pretty damn racy or it was about me, you never blush.” Bane snorts as he too takes a seat.
“Yeah Cash, tell him what you said about his mate.” It was meant to harass Cash. It enrages me. I am over the table and have my hand around Cash’s throat and him against the wall before he has time to react.
“What about my mate?” I growl out threateningly. In that moment Archer, Emmitt and Fin walk in the door.
“Let him go, Dare.” Archer’s voice rings out with power behind it and I find my hand dropping. Damn him.
“What did you say about Marnie?” My hand may not be choking the life out of him anymore but my glare should have cut him in two.
“Nothing bad. I just said she was a hot little thing, too bad she wasn’t mine. Then Bane said something, then I said something and fists started flying. No big deal.” He shrugs but cuts a look to Bane who looks away. More than that was said and it was a big deal from the looks of it but I wasn’t getting anywhere like this.
“Keep your hands and eyes off my mate.” I spit at them all before returning to my chair. “Seriously, Marnie was raised with an abusive Uncle and is terrified of men. Do not touch her.” I glare at Fin. “Come to lunch and I’ll introduce you all, but don’t be surprised if she sits blankly and only listens. It’s taken two days but I finally have her where she doesn’t flinch every time I touch her.” I rub my hands over my face then take in their wide eyed stares.
“Blankly?” It’s Emmitt who finally asks what I expected Archer to.
“She has a habit of turning off when men are around. Her voice and face show no emotion. She is just blank. I think it was a coping mechanism with her Uncle.” They nod mostly in understanding although Cash has a thoughtful look on his face. He stays silent though.
“I talked to Emmitt about the asshole this morning. He has something to show you.” Archer nods to Emmitt who walks to a keyboard and begins typing. Soon an infrared satellite image displays on the large screen on the wall.
“This is the two of you right after she saves your ass.” Emmitt chuckles giving me a grin. Yeah, I hadn’t given them the whole story. Annoyance flares through me. 
“She saved him? That little bitty woman?” Cash smirks.
“Oh, yeah. He was caught sleeping by the Stroli he’d been tracking. She shot one of them to get him off Dare then he took them out. It is quite amusing, but it’ll have to wait.” He backs up the footage. “As you can see she is just wandering in the trees for the better part of three days. She found you around four on the third day. She slept the previous two nights in the dirt but it is around noon this first day that we see the action.” He backs it up to where you see the two of them coming down a path then hits a button changing it from infrared to color. 
“Give them a minute to enter the clearing then you will be able to see them again. There they are.” He points to the two people emerging from the path then zooms in the image to follow them. The man behind her has a gun aimed at her back. She was right when she said he was a computer nerd. That’s exactly what he looks like to me. Gangly arms, thin face, scrawny body, not five foot three in height, he still seems to tower over her petite frame. He directs her to a spot with a large hole dug in the dirt.
“Is that a grave?” Fin asks horrified. I nod. I had seen the hole in her dream. Annoyance and agitation turn to anger as I watch the scene unfold. She turns to face him and he backhands her knocking her to the ground where he falls on top of her. They struggle over the gun before she knocks it from his hand not far away. He manages to get her arms pinned down then says something to her for several minutes before she shakes her head. That blank stare of hers is recognizable as Emmitt pulls the scene in closer to them and freezes it on her face.
“That the look you were talking about? Because any woman I know would be screaming, crying and pleading right then. Not looking like they were lost in thought.” Emmitt says in awe, his respect for her evident. She wasn’t crying, or screaming, but she was fighting with everything she had.
“Yep, that’s the one. She isn’t every woman. She’s tough.” I mumble out staring at her tear stained face. This was hard to watch. I wanted to kill the bastard just because of the hole next to her. He was going to kill her. Or bury her alive. Either way I wanted to kill him for it. Slowly.
Emmitt starts the footage again. He throws a few punches to her ribs as he wrestles with her to get off her clothing. When he finally has her naked he fumbles with his own pants trying to get them unzipped, her struggling hinders the action so he gives up and focuses on keeping her still. He holds her down forcefully by her breasts confirming how those hand prints got there. When he can’t use his legs to pry hers open he tries his hands, more bruises. 
All this I saw in her dream. It was a little more intense while watching it from her point of view rather than like this. This way showed her fight clearly, where his hands were, what his legs were doing, what reaction his body was having to her struggling. Whereas being her in the dream it focused on what she was doing to get away only. This showed so much more it made my body hum with rage. But I keep watching. I wanted to know how she got away. 
Just as in her dream she looks to have given up. Her head drops down on the grass, her legs fall limp and her arms stop hitting him. The asshole grins in triumph and grabs her legs pushing them apart. He settles on his knees between them still fumbling with his pants. Her eyes close, she takes a deep breath, then her foot swings up taking him across the head and knocking him off her. Standing, she kicks out nailing him in the groin. Then grabbing her clothes and the gun she runs. From here we knew what happened. She kept running straight to me.
“Stop it.” I croak out. I dig at my eyes trying to get a grip. The idea all my brother just saw her naked was not sitting well with me but I’d been so riveted to the screen I hadn’t thought to stop it. Unexpected nausea rolls through me taking me by surprise. I take a deep calming breath and it passes quickly, completely unnoticed by anyone else.
“First there’s something else you need to know.” I look up to the screen gravely. What else could there possibly be? “Look here? See this cool spot?” He flips the image back to infrared and points out a blur hiding in the woods that wasn’t blue or red but something in between. Nothing living I knew gave off that signature.
“What is that?” His shrug is annoying. 
“Never seen anything like it but it follows her till she meets up with you. It stays in the heavy forest and I never get a glimpse of it with anything other than the infrared.” With a flick of his wrist he fast forwards the scene till I show up.
“She said something about an animal following her, could that be it?” There wasn’t any other signature to be seen except the obvious forest wildlife; rabbits, deer, and so on.
“I guess, but I don’t know of one that isn’t either hot or cold blooded. I mean vamps put off blue signatures because of how cold they are. Stroli, babbles and shifters are a darker red than us from the excessive heat in their bodies. We’re hotter than humans, fairies and witches by twice as much and Thanus don’t show up at all. I’m not sure what that mixed up blob is but it isn’t any breed I know of.” No one else chimes in and the image disappears. 
“Were you able to find out who the asshole was?” I ask roughly. 
“No. He chased her for about an hour before he throws her shoes and underthings in the hole and covers it up. Then he heads back from where they came to a service road covered by trees. I couldn’t get an image of the vehicle he was in. I lose him in traffic before he becomes visible again.” I nod watching my hands as my fingers tap on the table. I couldn’t force myself to look up yet. I needed to calm down before I meet their eyes but it wasn’t coming as easily as normal. I take a deep breath.
“I have the gun. That work for you?”
“What?! Why didn’t you tell me that? I could have ran it by now.” He sputters.
“I didn’t know it was his. I took it away from Marnie after the Stroli attack. It’s the same one she grabbed from the ground, I’m sure of it.” I didn’t even think to ask her why she had a gun but didn’t have shoes while running around lost in a forest. I didn’t think to ask her a lot of things, too wrapped up in myself to notice her discomfort. I didn’t think at all.
“Yes. I’ll run the serial number. If it’s registered to him then we can pay him a visit.” I finally look up to meet his eyes, Emmitt was normally a steady rock who wasn’t overly emotional, fire blazed in their depths. I glance around the room to see the same anger on all my brothers faces. It’s Archer who speaks.
“We can’t kill the human, but we can teach him a lesson. If he had been prepared enough to already have a hole dug he might have done this before or will do it again. I have a friend in the town she lived in that might be able to help out with this. Give me that name when you get it. Oh and shoot me an email with that footage in it. He will want to see that.” Emmitt nods a confirmation to him then Archer turns to me. “I know you want to hunt him down, Dare. Damn, we all do. But this is human business. She wasn’t your mate then, there is nothing you can do to him legally, by their laws or ours. Now with that being said, if he finds her again, kill him.” I nod my agreement. You bet your ass I would. She was mine now. By our law if he fucked with my mate, he fucked with me. Mates were held in the highest of regards. We didn’t take them lightly.
“Okay, I just have to say, damn! That’s one tough cookie you got there brother. I thought for sure she had given up.” Fin grins playfully. Agreements spread across the room and a few chuckles. I could only stare at the blank screen.
“Yes, she is tough and brave.” I mutter. The woman also seems to find trouble. In five days she had faced this attack, became lost in the woods, provoked the Stroli that were attacking me, climbed a tree with a fear of heights, the escape in the chopper, I had drugged her, twice, faced the fear dreams, she tied me up, dealt with The Claiming and let’s not forget the fear she faces with every man she meets. The woman had been through hell and back in the last five days and hadn’t seriously complained once. There had been the break down on the chopper, I understand that now, then the night she had asked to go home, that’s it. No hissy fits, no crying, no screaming, she had shown no real signs of being bothered by any of it. But was she? Just because she hadn’t shown signs didn’t mean she wasn’t affected mentally. She had to be. I make a mental note to talk to her about it all as soon as we finish here.
“Dare? You listening?” I turn my gaze to Archer. No, I hadn’t been.
“Sorry, I was lost there for a minute. What was that?” He chuckles and gives me a knowing look. I knew I would regret telling him being away from her was agitating. 
“I said over the past twenty-four hours Vamp and Stroli sightings in Texas have tripled. There have even been a few Shifters and Thanus in the mix.” That was disheartening, Thanus were nasty little buggers. Thanus were a breed of demon. They could take any living creatures shape, basically cloning them. They were dangerous and tricky to catch or kill because their true form was a black shadowy mist. There was only two ways to kill a Thanus, neither easy, not even for us. First, if you faced it in clone shape you could incapacitate it with a powerful tranquilizer dart then behead it. The trick was the dart had to knock it out instantly before it could change shape or it wouldn’t affect it.
Second, and this is a fairly new trick we learned recently, if you confronted it in shadow form you could hit it with liquid nitrogen and freeze it. Next you smash it with a heavy object or sword shattering the damn thing to pieces. You just had to be able to get close enough to it to spray it. The devices Emmitt has engineered for us only has a three foot range and being three feet from a Thanus was deadly in itself. Fumes radiated off the shadow demon when it felt threatened, killing anything within a four foot radius of it. Of course it wouldn’t kill us but it would drop us to our knees in pain and place us out of commission for hours leaving you open to further attacks when it took shape again.
“Why Texas?” I ask while directing my gaze back to the screen now filled with a map of sightings.
“I believe they’re coming here.” Bane speaks up. He was the strategy man. He saw patterns inside of patterns inside of patterns when all we saw was a spiral. “If you pull up the sightings in the rest of the states you’ll see that they were heading towards Wyoming. Several known groups of Vamps from Tennessee, New York and Pennsylvania were spotted by other Patronus in areas heading across to Wyoming. When we left Yellowstone to return home they veered and headed this way. What I believe is they were planning an attack while we were kept busy in Yellowstone by the Stroli. Of course, finding Marnie sent us home a little faster than we had planned so now they are coming to us.” He shrugs as he stares at the map of the US. I trace the different color dots for different races and realize most are Stroli. 
“The Vamps seen, were they part of Monty’s or rebel groups?” I ask as I study the states the Vamps began in. Monty was a thousand year old powerful Vampire who had been leading the Vamps for close to eight hundred years. Where almost all vamps followed him there were a few rebel groups that tried to make it in hiding while they tried to strengthen their numbers to take him out. They usually didn’t last long. Monty and Archer had a long standing rivalry but none of us know why. Monty wouldn’t think twice about helping the Stroli with an attack against us if he thought it would hurt Archer.
“They are Monty’s.” Archer grits out. “I think we should evacuate the families and civilians just in case. Any other suggestions?” I needed to get Marnie out of here.
“I knew this place had been here too long to be safe but I never imagined them flat out attacking it. Emmitt get with your Fairy and see if you can get a new compound ready in two days, tops. Sooner if possible.” He gives me an annoyed look.
“She isn’t my Fairy.” I shoot him a glare, I wasn’t in the mood for this. 
“Fine. Get with Chasity as soon as possible. Better?” He doesn’t answer me. Chasity and Emmitt had a long standing love/hate relationship that he tries to deny often. 
“Where? This is your part of the world, you get to pick.” That’s a good question. Where would Marnie like to live I wonder? Maybe I should ask her opinion? She had wanted to go home, that wasn’t possible, however if I give her a choice of anywhere but Texas and Wyoming maybe she will be happier with having to stay with me.
“I don’t know yet, I’ll let you know soon.” I lie. I knew exactly where I wanted to go, California. Did Marnie like beaches? A chuckle brings me to attention. I look around at the wide grins of my brothers. “What?” I ask confused.
“You want to ask Marnie before you decide, don’t you?” Fin sing-songs out in his typical fashion.
“No, I just haven’t thought about it.” I grit out. They laugh.
“Yes you have. You have been saying for years that if you have to move this place you would take it to California. You love the beach. Haven’t your last four compounds been on beaches?” Cash asks.
“Five.” I run my hand over my face in aggravation. “Fine, yes I want to ask Marnie. She isn’t thrilled about leaving her home and I thought it might make her happier if she had a say in where we lived.” I tap my fingers on the table as I stare him down. A raw ache gnaws deep in my gut and the feeling is only growing stronger with each hour. Little sparks of tension seem to dance over my skin periodically but keep growing in frequency. And none of this helps the aggravation that only grows heavier as the day drags forward.
“There isn’t anything wrong with that, Dare. Why are you so damn edgy? You have been denting that table since you sat down. I have never seen you so unnerved before. You don’t have habits like that.” He points to my fingers that are rapidly tapping the table. I stop. Bane’s right, several small dents are in the metal table top. When had I done that? I grip my hands together under the table willing them to stay still. What the hell was wrong with me?
“I’m fine. Set up your meeting and I’ll have an answer for you at lunch.” I look to my watch. “Be there in one hour. All of you.” I stand to leave then turn back to Archer. “Bring your own dishes. I only have enough for six.” He grins and nods.
“I have an extra set I can leave there for you. We tend to congregate more at your house anyway.” I wave to him in acknowledgement as I leave the room quickly. 
Why we call our suite of rooms houses I have never understood. We all lived in the same huge building, each having our own set of rooms. Mine was the largest beings this was my compound. It had the front room, the kitchen and dining area, three bedrooms, a small room I used as a gym and the bathroom. One bedroom I use as a studio and the other bedroom sat empty at the moment but I planned on going to get Marnie’s things for her and she could use the room for her personal space. I had hoped to do that in the next day or so but if we were moving the compound it would be better to wait. My feet speed up the closer I get to my rooms. I needed to see Marnie.

****

My hand immediately reaches for Dare only to find his side of the bed cold and empty. My fingers brush a piece of paper and I crack my eyes to see a note on his pillow. With a smile I drag it in front of my unfocused eyes to make out the hen scratch he calls hand writing. 
Parvulum
Had to meet with my brothers. Will return soon. I am inviting them for lunch.
D
Parvulum? He called me that last night also. I have no idea what it means but it had a nice ring to it. I grin as I let my hand fall to the bed. It was nice of him to leave me the note. He doesn’t strike me as the type, but hey, I’ll take it. I drag myself up, grab a shirt and pants from my two sets of clothes and drudge to the bathroom. A knock on the door has me standing in debate in the hall. Dare wouldn’t knock. He was supposed to be with his brothers, so it shouldn’t be one of them. Then who?
“Marnie? Are you up?” Angie’s voice hollers through the door. 
“Yes. I still can’t open the door.” I holler then run back to the room and throw on Dare’s shirt before sprinting back to the front room. She has already settled on the couch. “Sorry, I was heading to the shower and had to put something on.” She scans the shirt and smiles.
“You are so tiny. Did the clothes fit okay?” Her smile is infectious and I join her on the couch.
“I haven’t tried them yet. I actually have a set waiting in the bathroom so I’ll know soon.” She nods.
“Dare asked me to stop by. He said your thigh was healed and I needed to remove the stitches.” I stare at her. There was no way that gash was healed already. I pull the shirt hem up carefully, I still didn’t have any underwear, for her to look at it. I gasp as I realize she is right. Not even a scar remains under the little knots of thread.
“But how?” I stare at it dumbfounded. She laughs.
“You mated Dare, right?” I nod still looking down. “Then your body is changing, turning into one of us. Well, almost anyway. The bruises you had are gone also. Did you notice that?” I shake my head as I scan down my legs and feet. All the injuries were gone. It was as if my terror in the woods hadn’t happened. Now if I could only forget it just as easily. “Here, let me take those out.” She reaches forward and snips off the ends of the string and yanks, hard. I yelp. “Sorry. We usually don’t use stitches because of how fast we heal. I remember you wanting me to just pull off the pads so I figured I’d just get it over with.” She grins at me as I rub my leg.
“Yes. I would have told you to do the same thing.” I hated delaying pain. Uncle loved to drag things out to make them more painful. When I knew a beating was coming I would pray for it to go quickly. It usually didn’t.
“I figured as much. Soooo?” She stares at me expectantly as she bounces on the couch. 
“So, what?” I am truly confused by her anticipation. What did she want to know so badly?
“So, what? Seriously? You are the first mate found for the Beyers Brothers and you ask ‘so, what’? Come on girl, spill it! What was The Claiming like? Oh, and Dare, does he have to control everything in bed to? I say yes. A man like that can’t help it. I’m surprised he doesn’t just snap sometimes the way he keeps himself so tied up in knots.” He had snapped with a little help from me. I smile a secretive smile and play dumb.
“Um….” I mean seriously, what could I say about this that wouldn’t embarrass the hell out of me or anger Dare? Fear skitters across my skin with the thought followed immediately with irritation. Hadn’t he said he wouldn’t hurt me?
“Oh, no. Don’t you wuss out on me. I have been dying to know. Please!?” She folds her hands together and begs.
“It was okay, I guess.” I fidget with my hands not meeting her eyes.
“Okay? It was okay! Oh, girl come on, it had to be better than okay. I mean this is Dare Beyers we’re talking about. Did you screw him with your eyes closed? He’s like…wow!” I can’t help myself, I burst into laughter.
“Sorry, I haven’t actually had many girlfriends. This is kind of embarrassing.” As I’m sure she could tell by my crimson face.
“You need to get over that right now. There aren’t many women here close to me in age. They are either hundreds of years old or barely adults. I miss talking like this. I mean, have you ever tried to talk about sex to a six hundred year old woman? Yuck!” She imitates gagging herself throwing me into another fit of giggles.
“Sorry, no I haven’t. Dare is the only one I have really met here. Well, him and you. I saw Jack and two others in the helicopter but never spoke to them. He’s your mate right?” Diversion had to work. Please work! Annoyance at myself creeps into me and I try to push it away.
“Yep. And don’t you dare tell him what I said about Dare. I love Jack to death and he has a great body but damn, I’m mated, not dead!” She crosses her arms over her chest then giggles.
“Can I ask how old you are or is that a bad thing like it is in the human world?” She waves a hand at me.
“I’m barely two hundred. Jack and I have been together for a hundred years. I was young when we met but I knew right away he was mine. Him to, of course, but it took him longer to admit it. He wanted me to grow up some. It took me a year to convince him a hundred was old enough.” She rolls her eyes heavenward.
“Wow. I bet you have seen some interesting things in two hundred years.” All the history she must know firsthand. It has to be amazing to live through all the things that make the world a better and a worse place.
“Sure. It all kind of runs together after a while though. Okay, have we talked long enough to make you comfortable? Will you spill your guts now? Pretty please?” She braces her hands together as if she’s praying and begs me. I give in.
“Fine.” I cover my blushing face with my hands. “It was fantastic. Yes, he is very controlling in bed but he is amazing at it. Well, I guess he is. He was my first so I don’t have anything to compare him to.” I split my fingers and peek at her. She has her hand over her mouth her eyes wide.
“By the fates! You were a virgin? As domineering as Dare is, I bet he loved that.” She smirks.
“He did.” I smile with remembrance of how his voice hitched when he said he knew because of my blood. He practically glowed with triumph after the first time was finished. Men!
“And The Claiming. Did you willingly take his blood or did he have to force you to do it?’ I cringe.
“I didn’t particularly like that part. At first, that is. He had to basically pry my mouth open to put his wrist in it. The thought was just disgusting! Then it hit my tongue and I was shocked at how it tasted. I expected the coppery metal taste I get in my mouth when I bite my lip to hard. It wasn’t. I think I actually held his arm tighter to my mouth than needed but I couldn’t help it. It was delicious.” Not as delicious as it was from his neck.
“Good. The forceful way sounds dreadful. So, what does he taste like?” My eyes widen and I choke on my own air. She couldn’t possibly be asking me if I…. um, swallowed?
“Excuse me?” I rasp out.
“His blood, what did it taste like? We all have a unique irresistible taste to our mate. Jack’s is Honeydew melon and he says I taste like plums.” She shrugs. Oh thank goodness. I was not telling her what his semen tasted like, no matter how much she begged!
“Cinnamon and power.” So much flavor. My body shivers just thinking about it. My stomach aches for him. My mouth waters and I long for him to return. 
“Power? How do you taste like power?” Her nose crinkles in confusion. I had asked myself the same thing and kept coming up with the same answer.
“I don’t know, I’m new at this remember! That’s just what came to mind when I bit his neck. With his wrist I only tasted cinnamon but when I took his neck, it was different. The only word to describe it is power. Lots of power.” I shrug.
“Very interesting. And you’re sure the second taste wasn’t in his wrist?” I shake my head. “Huh? I’ve never heard of that. Then again it’s been a thousand years since a Claiming. If only Patrice were still alive to ask.”
“Patrice?” I hadn’t heard this name yet.
“The Beyers Brothers mother. She died when Fin was born.” Oh, how sad for them. How sad for Fin. At least the others knew her and could tell him about her. Uncle refused to talk of mother except to tell me I should have taken her place. I was so young when she died I can’t remember what she looked like. I shake off the melancholy this thought always brings.
“How old are the brothers? I haven’t really met any of them yet. I mean I saw them during the Choosing and Fin gave me food and water. Food that was drugged.” I huff still miffed about that.
“Drugged food? You mean they didn’t tell you about it?” Her mouth drops open in horror.
“Nope.” I then proceed to tell her how I found Dare in the forest, which I have to pause for almost a full five minutes to wait for her laughing to die down before continuing on to how he took me to the camp and Fin drugged me. I end up telling her the entire story up till I woke up in her ‘office’, as she called it. “So he drugged me twice in a matter of hours and I never was able to meet them all. They’re supposed to be coming for lunch today. I’m so nervous I’m going to freak out with that many deadly men in one room. What can you tell me about them?” She pats my shoulder comfortingly.
“Jack is Dare’s right hand man so ever since we mated I have been in close proximity to Dare and his brothers. Dare runs the South America branch of the Patronus, Archer has Europe and Antarctica, Bane is over Africa, Cash is North America, Emmitt is Australia and Fin has Asia. They aren’t required to live in the area they just have to have someone in charge who can reach them if necessary. They have the continents split into territories and each territory has a main contact or Head Patronus. If something happens they call in for help or advice. The brothers are stronger together so they tend to stay that way. Dare likes beaches and his last five compounds have been on different beaches over the U.S. The brothers seem to like his areas better than theirs so they tend to stay where he is. The weather isn’t as crazy here as say Antarctica.” She laughs. I would hate to live there. My body shivers with the thought.
“Why has he had five? Wouldn’t he just stay somewhere he liked?” She shakes her head.
“Can’t. The enemy figures out where it is and attacks or the humans become suspicious of the concealed area. The Fairies put a spell on our lands making any humans who come here forget what they were doing and leave. This place has been here too long as is. Almost thirty years. Usually he only stays around ten or so but he really likes it here. I think he has been leaning towards California for the next move. It’s been a long time since he was out that way.” California? Wow, another beach. If I had a choice I would pick the mountains of Colorado, but then again they are very cold during the winter months so maybe California or even Florida wouldn’t be so bad. I’ve always wanted to see Florida.
“When will he move it?” I hoped it wasn’t soon. I hadn’t even learned this one yet. Matter of fact I haven’t been out of the room since we got here. That subtle agitation I’m experiencing settles deeper to burrow under my skin. I rub my arms absently to brush off the feeling.
“Whenever he has to probably. We’ve been here so long there is no doubt everyone knows where to find us by now, so it probably will be within the next couple years. Anyway, I got off topic. Okay welcome to The Beyers Brothers 101. Are you ready?” Her smile widens.
“Sure. Should I get paper to take notes?” She takes in my serious expression and snorts out a laugh.
“If you want to but I don’t think you’ll need it.” That’s what she thinks. I have never been good with memorization. I’ve never been good with much but I made it work. I studied my ass off around the beatings, cooking, cleaning, farm chores and graduated eleventh in my class. I had wanted tenth but I just wasn’t smart enough, just like Uncle said. I was an unwanted worthless brat. Always had been, always would be. I sigh with my thoughts. I needed to stop this. I would never get anywhere like this. I could do this, there were only five of them.
“Okay. If I get confused you will just have to say it again while I write it down.” She arches a brow at me but continues.
“Deal. Archer is the oldest at nine hundred and seventeen.” I gasp, holy hell that’s old! “Yeah, I know, he’s really old. He is the most passive of the six and he tends to hold everyone together. He tries to avoid confrontation most of the time. Archer has what the boys call ‘The Big Brother Power’. It was actually a gift from the Fairy Queen bestowed on him at birth, all the brothers have one. Archer’s is mental abilities. He can literally make the other five, or anybody else for that matter, do anything he wants them to. He doesn’t use it often but when he does it usually ends up with someone being embarrassed.” I remember Dare saying something about this when he explained. His was earth, I think. Cash’s was fire? Ugh, just the name of the man with the two toned eyes makes me shutter in fear.
“Wait, I don’t understand. How can he make them do something they don’t want to do?” I ask, returning to the subject at hand. I’d have time to worry about my fear of Cash soon enough.
“Um…. Oh, I know. I have read some of your Human Mythology books, do you know anything about Alpha Shifters and how he can make the pack follow his commands because he is Alpha?” Her eyes gleam with humor.
“Well, I read this book once about werewolves. The Alpha was powerful. If he told them they couldn’t say something then they literally couldn’t say it. Like it wouldn’t leave their mouth no matter what they tried.” It had been a good read but at the time I thought it was fiction. How wrong was I there!
“Yes! That’s sort of the same thing Archer can do. If say Fin and Dare are fighting and he says ‘stop’ with power behind it then they have to stop. No matter what they do they can’t fight it. Understand now?” Maybe.
“Yes. But how does stopping a fight embarrass someone?” She lost me there.
“Oh, it doesn’t. Archer is the one who embarrasses them. He has a twisted since of humor. Since their mom died right after Fin was born and their dad had died not a month before that, the five were left raising Fin and Archer governed them all. With Archer being the oldest he took on most of the responsibility, meaning he turned into the disciplinarian. Archer doesn’t just punish you for what you did, he makes you learn your lesson. Jack told me about this one time that Fin and Emmitt caught Dare and um….” Her face turns beet red surprising me. She has talked about sex so much I couldn’t imagine what could bring this on. I thought about her words, caught Dare and….Then I could see it.
“Dare and a woman?” I ask to her relieved nod. “He is five hundred I know he has been with women, it’s okay.” And yet, it wasn’t. White hot jealousy flares to life through me eliciting me to shift uncomfortably on the couch. I was already irrationally aggravated and irritated for no reason at all, causing me to not feel like myself, now this. Oblivious she continues.
“Oh, thank goodness. I thought I just screwed up. I know Jack had been with women before me but if you would tell me about one I would be pissed and insanely jealous, it doesn’t matter it was two hundred years ago and the woman is dead now.” Her body shivers with the thought. Oh good, this was normal. I relax a little with her words but they don’t have any effect on the aggravation. 
“Anyway they caught them in a pond screwing around and thought it would be funny to steal their clothes. Well, Dare, being Dare and always having to be in control, was not happy with this turn of events. The woman was human and back then you didn’t just screw around without consequences, the women couldn’t anyway. So there they were finished and without clothing. Dare had to run naked to the compound, which was over five miles away, to get a set of clothes for them. He had to leave the girl in the pond hiding behind a bush in case anyone came by. She was hysterical when he left her which drove Dare even crazier. You can’t control a hysterical woman. By the time he got the girl home, in someone else’s clothes, her father was livid. He actually slugged Dare! And he had to let him, the man was human, after all, Dare couldn’t do anything but take it! When Dare got back and found out it was them that took the clothes he went to Archer to let him dole out the punishment.” At this point she is dragging in breaths trying to keep talking without rolling on the floor in laughter.
“Archer forced both of them to go an entire day naked except for a blue bow he had them tie around their manhood’s. It was before I came, but damn, I would have loved to have seen that!” She couldn’t hold it in anymore and I gleefully joined her. Just the thought of the strong men I saw in the field of flowers walking around with a bow tied around their members made it harder to be scared of them.
“Okay, so Archer is a nine hundred and seventeen year old pacifist and a hell of a disciplinarian that keeps them all glued together. Got it. Now Bane was next, right?” I ask when we finally can breathe again and our tears dry up. 
Trying to think of a way to keep myself from running screaming from the room when the brothers enter I start a game I played in school when I had to deal with boys. A way to make them less scary was to give them names or descriptions that would make me laugh. Archer would be a gooey hippie with a bow in his hand. That will help when he is staring me down at lunch.
“I didn’t say he was a pacifist just that he was the most passive of the bunch. There’s a difference.” She corrects. A hippie would still work. “Yes, next is Bane who is eight hundred and forty-five. He’s harder to get a grip on. Bane controls air. He can control the winds, storms, drop or raise the temperature in a room at will, anything involving the air surrounding us, he can do it. He is undoubtedly the strategic one. He sees patterns, rhythms, and answers in everything. He is also a musical genius. He can play any instrument you put in front of him. If you ever get a chance get him to play the piano for you. It’s breathtaking.” She sighs dreamily before catching herself and continuing. 
“Unless you like the violin, drums, guitar, cello, trumpet or any other instrument better. Those are just as good but my favorite is the piano. He is also the sweetheart of the bunch. He is always polite, he will comfort anyone in need of it, and I have literally seen him give a homeless human the shirt off his back before. He is a doll.” Her face softens as she talks about him. She really cared for him. It sounded like she cared about all of them. I didn’t know Angie well but I got the sense she was a good caring person. If she thought they were good men then they couldn’t be as bad as I feared them to be. Could they?
Bane could be a shirtless china doll playing the piano. Doll or not, shirtless wouldn’t calm me. No, I better put his shirt back on him and put a picture of the Fibonacci Spiral on the front of it for his strategies.
“Next is Cash.” I remember Cash very well from The Choosing. Even in that dream state he scared me to death. “Six hundred and eighty. He controls fire. His body temp always run hotter than the rest of us so don’t be surprised if he is hot to the touch. I’ve always wondered if when you drink his blood was it warmer than everyone else’s?” She shrugs however curiosity is alight in her eyes. 
“Cash is the ultimate soldier. Nothings soft about Cash. His eyes are hard, his voice is demanding, his hair is even stiff and prickly. However, the man can sing like an angel. I could sit and listen to him sing for hours. He only does it on special occasions but when he does, man. You have been truly blessed. He also has a weak spot for brownies. I swear he could eat an entire pan of brownies in a matter of seconds. The last ones I made him he brought the pan back to me in ten minutes and he even cleaned it! So you know he demolished them in like three minutes, then three to wash the pan and four more to bring it to me.” She giggles. 
The ultimate soldier who could sing like an angel and loved brownies, maybe he would be less intimidating if I made brownies for lunch. I could picture him in uniform with wings and chocolate smeared across his face, his finger in his mouth and a bowl full of brownie batter tucked in his arm. I fight a giggle of my own.
“And of course Dare is next. He is five hundred and two. Then Emmitt is four hundred and twenty nine.” I interrupt her.
“Wait. Archer has alpha powers and a wicked sense of humor, Bane can play instruments and Cash can sing. Is there something Dare does?” How embarrassing I don’t know this. I slept with him and I don’t know if he has a hobby! She eyes me for a minute before continuing.
“Oh yes. Ask him to show you his sketches or paintings. He is a fabulous artist.” I nod. She opens her mouth, closes it, then opens it again only to close it once more. Something flashes in her eyes as she studies me. It only takes a second before that something turns to understanding then determination. 
“He controls earth although out of all the brothers he uses his gifts least of all. Even small magic he has issues with. The man has been having a love affair with his sword and dagger for so long he would prefer not to use anything else. He only shifts when he is against other shifters and he is alone or caught away from the other brothers. Unlike Emmitt who would prance around in animal form all the time if we let him. As you know Dare is a control freak, which makes him good at hunting down and killing those who break the law. He is an exceptional tracker.” Her eyes dart to the bookshelf against the far wall. 
I hadn’t paid much attention to it and the large leather-bound books there but now I can see they are all titles that had to do with the legal system. Some would probably send the human Congress into a fit of hysterics if they knew they existed. For example, ‘Fairy High Council do’s and don’ts’, ‘Shifters: Breeds born and made”, ‘Vanishing Vampires’ and more. 
“All the boys know the laws backwards and forwards but Dare is the unofficial lawyer of our race. You have a question if it’s legal, ask Dare. He is also the hardest to warm up to or get to know. Cash seems cold but you get used to his brisk attitude after a while. Dare makes people uncomfortable because he talks in commands. Nothing is asked, it’s ordered. He’s also private. It takes an act of congress to get him to talk about himself. He’s a great guy though, if you can get past these quirks of his.” I realize as she speaks her struggle had been over whether or not to tell me about him or skip to Emmitt. I’m glad she decided to talk. She told me more about him in three minutes than I’ve learned from him in three days.
“Thank you. Now, back to Emmitt.” I wave her to continue, suddenly fighting a rolling wave of nausea deep in my gut.
“It’s alright. Ask anything you want. I know them all pretty well. Emmitt was blessed with water. Well, liquids, it doesn’t have to be water. He could raise the ocean, cause a whirlpool, or pull rain from rainless clouds. Or he can direct the coke in your cup to jump out and fill his cup.” She shrugs but the disgruntled look says he’s done this to her, more than once. 
“Emmitt is the genius of the bunch. He has multiple degrees in electronics and medicine. He has others too but he doesn’t share those details with me, I don’t even know if the brothers know how many he has now. He can design the most amazing weapons, computer programs, vehicles, modify helicopters, and he is an electronics genius. He also likes to carve little statues out of drift wood.” Her eyes soften as she raises her arm to show me a charm bracelet on her wrist. 
One charm is not silver but wooden. It is the most intricate little turtle I have ever seen. Its shell has a swirl pattern that had to have taken him hours to complete. It was beautiful. “He gave me this as a birthday present last year. I love turtles, if you can’t tell.” She grins and fingers the charms. I notice for the first time they are all turtles, not just the one. Turtles in every shape, size and design. 
A genius who carves beautiful things. Maybe if I picture him as a turtle sitting on a piece of driftwood on the beach with a bow taped to his back. I couldn’t forget the bow!
“And last, but not least, is Fin. Who is three hundred and ninety nine. Fin was blessed with the physical aspect of things. He can turn any object into another as long as that object is the same size or smaller. He can turn a tomato into an orange, a table into a chair, a stack of paper into a book. But he can’t turn a pebble into a brick. Fin is also the class clown. He isn’t happy unless everyone in the room is at least smiling, laughing is better but smiling will do. He is constantly playing practical jokes on the brothers. Never walk into a room before one of them if Fin is snickering behind you. A bucket of water or worse is probably on the other side waiting to drench someone.” She lets herself laugh for a minute at a memory she doesn’t share. 
“He can also fix anything mechanical. Cars, planes, boats, trains, motorcycles, he can do it all. A complete grease monkey. He is also a hugger, real touchy-feely type guy. He is a flirt but he keeps it to the single women and only harasses those with mates to get on the mates nerves. So be warned, if he hits on you he is trying to piss off Dare for some reason or another. My suggestion is to ignore him.” Good advice. Besides Dare would probably take his head off for flirting with me. He says I’m his too often not to take offense to something like that. I wouldn’t respond to him flirting in the first place because there was no telling what Dare would do to me if I did. Fear and agitation crawl under my skin annoyingly.
“Does he have a hobby too? Like the art or singing?” I ask curious. They all had something to relax them, Fin was bound to have a hobby.
“He is the most amazing chef. He loves to cook. When we have group meals or celebrations he is always in charge of the food. Do you like pasta?” I nod. “If he ever offers to cook for you and lets you choose, pick his five cheese ravioli. Oh, my. They will melt in your mouth they are so good.” 
Fin will be easy. A monkey in a clown costume holding a cake in the shape of a bow. Then if Dare pisses me off I can pretend he shoves the cake in his face. I grin. 
“Fin was taken over a year ago by the head vamp Monty. He was tortured for almost three weeks before the boys found him. He hasn’t really been the same since but he tries really hard.” She shrugs and looks away dismissing the comment. I let it slide and change the subject.
“The powers given by the Fairy Queen are the six aspects of life?” I ask cautiously not sure if I caught that right,
“The four elements then two extras.” She shrugs not understanding me.
“I realize the four natural elements are there but if you add in Archer and Fin’s you have all six aspects of life. Right?” She cocks her head like she doesn’t get it. “Air, water, fire, earth, mental and physical. Together they cover every aspect of life.” Her face lights up.
“I never thought of it like that. I always wondered why she didn’t repeat two of them beings she normally only gifts the four natural elements. The mental and physical were new. Now I know.” She grins. “So, does that help any?” She looks sympathetically at me. “I understand why you are afraid of men, Marnie. Anyone who has been through what you have would be. But I can tell you the brothers, all six, are really good guys who would never touch a woman that way. If one ever did the other five would kill him, brother or not. Don’t be nervous about meeting them. You’ll be fine.” She pats my hand before standing.
“It did, thanks.” I’m surprised to find it really did help. I was still nervous but now I had a familiar coping mechanism to get through it. I could do this. I just had to not panic. Easier said than done when all six men were at least a foot and a half taller than me and stronger. Much stronger.
“No problem. That’s what friends are for. Now go take your shower, I held you up long enough. Find me later and let me know how it goes.” She winks and turns towards the door.
“I will.” She waves over her shoulder when she leaves. As soon as she’s gone my agitation from earlier returns full force. I shake my head and return to the restroom. Shutting and locking the door behind me I climb into a nice hot shower. While I’m there I fine tune the pictures in my head of each brother. 
The shower doesn’t help my anxiety or my edginess or the gnawing ache deep in my belly and soon I climb back out and try to get dressed. Try being the important word here. The shirt is three sizes too big and hangs only slightly tighter than Dare’s does. The pants fall off as soon as I let them go. I wore a size double zero and these, when I check the label, are a size three. They would never work. With frustration I storm back into our room and dig another of Dare’s shirts from his drawer. I sure hope he came back before his brothers were due. There was no way I was parading in front of five strange men in his shirt! 
With a deep breath I give up trying to portray calmness and storm to the kitchen to cook. Maybe that will relax me. I doubt it. I needed Dare.

Chapter Nine


Lunch is almost ready. Cash’s brownies are in the oven baking and the only thing I have left to do is toss the salad and brown the bread. Dare didn’t have much of a variety in the kitchen so I went with simple because the ingredients were all there. A salad, spaghetti and meatballs, garlic bread and brownies. I’m sure it would taste nothing like a meal Fin cooked but it would have to work. 
I pace back and forth in front of the stove waiting for the timer to go off. I couldn’t burn the brownies. I needed them to make Cash less intimidating. He had been the one that scared me during The Choosing and all he had said was his name. I needed the damn brownies to be perfect. I stop to crack open the stove but they are still wet in the center. 
Arms wrap around my waist and pull me into a hard chest as I rise and shut the door. The smell of woods and man with a hint of cinnamon waft to me over the chocolate smell of brownies. I lean back into him relaxing for the first time this morning. How this man could have this effect on me when every other man in the world sends me running for the hills I have no idea, but he does and I’m beginning to enjoy it. Without a word he slides my hair off my shoulder and sinks his teeth in slowly.
With his first pull the aggravation I’ve been feeling for hours wanes. With his second the irritation slides away. With his third deep drink my warring nerves calm to peaceful. I am putty in his hands. Is this what I was missing all day? Being in his arms, having him near me and the exhilarating feel of satisfying him as no one else can? It was only my blood he drank, craved, wanted. Only me. I smile with the thought as he pulls free and licks the wound. I am slightly light headed but in much better spirits.
He rests his chin on the top of my head, a satisfied sigh coming from him. His body behind me has lost the tension he carries with him always. His arms are loose around me while still holding me tight to him. If I didn’t know better I’d say that calmed him as much as it did me. 
“It smells good in here. Can I ask you a question?” I nod, too relaxed to speak. “Why are you still in my shirt? Don’t get me wrong, it doesn’t bother me but I would have thought you would want to wear real clothes with my brothers coming.” I turn in his arms to face him.
“They didn’t fit.” He cocks his head at me in confusion. “The clothes Angie brought. They are three sizes too big. The shirt could work but the pants fall off. I can’t wear them in front of your brothers unless you want me to moon them because I still don’t have any underwear.” He grins. “It’s not funny, Dare.” I playfully slap him on the chest. He catches my wrist then surprises me with a soft kiss to my palm.
“I know. After they leave we can go to the store and find you some clothes.” My eyes grow huge.
“Dare, I am not wearing your shirt with your brothers here! If I bend even barely you can see all the way down the front. Not to mention, my ass hangs out.” He loops his finger in the neckline and pulls it away from my body. A sensual hum comes from deep in his chest before he drops it. 
“You’re right, can’t have them seeing what’s mine.” His eyes flinch with his words but he keeps going not giving me a chance to ask why. “Let me go see what I can find. I’m sure someone has something.” He pulls me in for a kiss. When I don’t open immediately for him he bites my lower lip commanding me to accept him. I obey the obvious unspoken demand. Instantly he plunges deep and hard taking my breath away. When he pulls back he kisses my forehead then backs away. “If I don’t walk away now you will be wearing the shirt.” He smirks then turns and leaves the room.
I check the brownies, turn off the ringing timer I hadn’t heard and decide to give them a few more minutes. Sprinting to the bedroom I brush my hair then pull it back and braid it. Eyeing his computer on the desk I sit and pull up my web based email account to kill a few more minutes before returning to take out the dessert. 
The first email to pop up draws my attention. It’s from Dirk. His emails had been getting more demanding and perverse everyday up until he kid-napped me at gun point from my home. This is the first one I have received since then. The mouse hovers over the delete button, at the last second I change my mind. With trepidation I open it.

Naveen,
My love. I want to apologize for leaving you in the woods. I tried to find you but you must have wondered too far away. Please let me know you made it out safely. I have been to your house but nothing has been touched. 
I am looking forward to our next meeting immensely. I can’t wait to finish what we started together. I know you will accept my offer this time and allow me to be gentler with you. The first time hurts enough without me having to hold you down and force myself inside you. But if that is the only way to make you see how good we will be together then you will leave me no choice, my love. I will have you. I will be inside you soon. No matter what. You will see this is meant to be. You are mine.
Dirk
By the time I finish reading tears are streaming down my face. The only thought in my head is ‘I’m not yours. I’m Dare’s.’ I should have just deleted it. I drop my elbows to the desk and cry into my hands. How did I not see how crazy he was? 
I had known this man for two years and until he started sending me similar emails about a month ago I never knew he was insane. I worked three jobs to make ends meet. One of them is a little coffee shop I work the early morning shift at, three am to eight, before moving to the full time job as a secretary for a realtor in town during the week and the local dinner on weekends. 
Dirk was a fairly regular customer at the coffee shop when I first started. He is an author of suspense books who keeps strange hours all through the night. He lived in a little apartment on the bad side of town and would escape the noises of night to sit at the shop and work. He said the quiet and the company inspired him. I argued it was the mass amounts of coffee causing hallucinations. 
At first I waited on him only speaking to him when I must, however over the last two years he’s wore me down and pulled me from the safety of my shell. Before all hell broke loose and he lost his mind he was a permanent fixture in the shop during my shift. He even kept me safe a few times from pushy homeless men looking for handouts or a warm place to sit in the early morning chill. When his emails started getting weirder and weirder I had let it slide pushing it off on the type of books he writes. When he showed up at my house insisting I leave with him then pulling a gun when I refused, I saw them for what they were. A spiral into insanity. For the first time since finding Dare I was grateful I wasn’t home. 
“Who is Dirk?” The ominous voice behind me scares the crap out of me. I jump up and slam the computer shut as I twist to see Dare’s enraged face. “Marnie, I need you to answer me. Now.” The last word is a growl.
“The man in the clearing.” I whisper immediately with no thought to disobey him.
“The man who tried to rape you?” I whimper and nod. “Did you respond?” I shake my head furiously. Hell no, responding only made it get weirder.
“I never respond. I usually delete them without reading them. I don’t know why I opened it.” My voice hitches as fresh tears fall down my cheeks. His face softens and he pulls me into his chest wrapping his arms around me. He lets me cry for only a minute before he lifts me from my feet and carries me to the bed. 
He sits on the edge pulling me tight in his lap and just lets me cry it out. I hadn’t broken down since it happened. I told myself I needed to get out of the woods before I broke down. I would have plenty of time at home for tears. Then I ran into Dare and I hadn’t had time to break down other than the small cry in the shower. He had kept my mind busy till now. 
Several minutes pass before a smell registers in my foggy brain. I emit a distressed whimper and shove from his arms racing for the kitchen. I throw open the oven and sink to my knees on the floor. The brownies were burnt to a crisp. I needed the brownies for Cash not to scare me. I needed them perfect. They weren’t perfect. They were destroyed. Just like me. 
I finally let it go. Dropping my head in my hands I cry pitiful gulping sobs. Nose running down my face sobs. Hiccup inducing sobs. 
I was pathetic. Just like Uncle said.

****

I pull the burnt dessert from the oven then shut the door. Next I grab my phone and send a message to my brothers telling them to wait another half hour then toss it on the counter ignoring the responses. I wasn’t sure if this is in response to the email, the attack or the brownies but she needed longer than ten minutes to pull it together and I would give her that even if I had to push them off for hours. 
I ease myself on the floor behind her then gently, as not to scare her, run my hand up her back before pulling her into my lap. Her sobs tear my heart in two. My only job was to protect her and when she needed me most I’d been only a few miles away chasing Stroli. It didn’t matter I hadn’t met her yet. I should have heard the commotion and went to check it out. I should have been there for her. I wasn’t. I would be now. Her body begins to rock back and forth and I let myself pick up the rhythm rocking with her.
“It’s going to be alright, Parvulum. I won’t let him near you again.” She hiccups and shakes her head. “No, what?” I ask softly.
“It’s not that. He doesn’t know where I am, I’m safe with you.” She sputters between gulps of air. Her statement makes my chest fill with pride. Yesterday she wouldn’t have said those words. She didn’t believe I was safe then.
“Then what is it?” 
“I burnt the brownies!” She wails. I bite my lip to keep from laughing. It wasn’t funny.
“They’re just brownies, Marnie. No big deal.” She pulls away from me still shaking her head. Her eyes are big and round, terror and humility comingle in their depths.
“No! I need the brownies. They were for Cash! Angie said he loves brownies. If I have brownies I won’t be scared of him. I burnt the brownies!” She shrieks then buries her head in my chest. I knew it was more than the brownies. More than Cash even. I also understand your mind can only focus on one tragedy at a time and right now she felt she needed those brownies to get through meeting my brothers.
“Does Cash scare you that much?” Why she had chosen Cash out of all five of them, I’m not sure. Yes he was big but we all were.
“No, he doesn’t scare me. He terrifies me. Even in The Choosing I ran from him. He no more than finished his name and I was running on to you in order to flee him. I need to make him less intimidating. He has to eat the brownie mix and get chocolate on his face. Without the brownies I can’t see him like that. I need to see him like that.” Her crying has slowed and her speech easier to understand but I still had no clue what she meant. I don’t think Cash has ever ate brownie mix before and to get him to put chocolate on his face would be a challenge. But I go with it.
“Then let’s make more brownies.” Again, she shakes her head.
“I used all the cocoa you had. You didn’t have a box mix so I made them from memory.” Memory? Didn’t most people use a recipe for things like that? Even Fin, who cooks a lot, used recipes for his deserts.
“I am sure Fin has everything you need. I can give him a call and get him to bring it over. No big deal.” She digs her palms in her eyes pressing them hard then begins to mumble.
“Fin is a monkey dressed like a clown with a cake in the shape of a bow in his hands.” She has lost me again but it doesn’t stop my light chuckle. “He likes to cook, he will not like that I burnt the brownies. You can’t call him. He can’t know I burnt the brownies.” Where was she getting this information from? I rack my brain then remember mentioning to Angie that her stitches needed to come out. With a quick glance I confirm the obvious. She must have asked about them and Angie would have willingly praised her friends. Cash’s fondness for brownies and Fin’s penchant for cooking sounded like something Angie would say to ease her mind.
“I won’t tell him. Now come on. Up you go.” I stand and pull her to her feet. Yes, she needed to let it out but she didn’t need time to wallow in it. I needed to get her busy again. “There is a dress on the bed, go put it on then come back. We have brownies to make. Is cocoa all you need?” She nods absently as she leaves the room. I pick up my phone and dial Fin. I lean my body against the wall between the front room and dining room so I can see down the hall. Our door is shut and if I’m not mistaken, locked.
“Done already?” He laughs out when he answers.
“I need you to bring cocoa and get your ass over here, now.” My voice barely registers to myself, I know she can’t hear it. Her body can heal but she still has another day before everything else kicks in. I don’t know what I’d do then.
“Dare? Cocoa?” He asks confused.
“I can’t really explain everything. Just let me say this, you don’t know she burnt the brownies, you don’t know she just had a mental breakdown and you don’t know she is terrified if she doesn’t have brownies Cash is going to scare her to death. Now grab the fucking cocoa and get your ass to my house.” I hang up without giving him time to answer. Stalking back to the kitchen I dispose of the evidence and wash the pan.
“I could have done that.” She says from behind me. I finish drying it and lay it on the stove. Turning to her I scan the dress and am happy it almost fits. It’s a pale pink sundress with small white flowers smattered over it with wide shoulders and a straight neckline that covered her nicely. It was a little snug up top and a little shorter than I would have liked with my brothers being here but it was longer and less revealing than my shirt. I hope she doesn’t ask where it came from till she calms down because if she knew it was a child’s of age twelve she might not get through this. I scan her from head to toe and am pleased I couldn’t tell she had been crying if I didn’t know. The only thing I can’t help her with at the moment is her bare feet. That would have to wait.
“That looks nice on you. Come here.” She willingly walks into my open arms.
“I’m sorry.” She mumbles into my chest as she wraps her arms around me tightly.
“No, Parvulum. No need for that. I told you on the chopper, we all break down at some point. It was time, Marnie. I realized earlier that a lot had happened over the last four days and I had plans to talk to you about it after they left to make sure you were doing okay. We just did it first, that’s all.” I kiss her forehead and hug her tighter.
“Dare?” Her voice is hesitant like she was afraid of how I would answer.
“Yes?”
“I know this is going to sound….weird but will you bite me? Please?” My brows shoot up but I don’t question her. I was always up for a taste of her. Leaning my head down I slip my fangs into her tense neck. With each pull her body relaxes and it becomes clear why she asked. When I withdraw even her expression has softened, becoming less stressful. 
“Better?” I rasp out. It may relax her but it did the opposite to me.
“Yes. Thank you. When your brothers leave I’ll help you with that problem.” Her finger glides across the thick ridge in my pants. Her face is still tilted towards the floor but I hear the humor in her voice. As I reach to pull her into me I hear my door slide open. I sigh, Fin was here. This was going to be a long meal. She turns away from me and busies herself with greasing the pan and gathering a bowl and other things out of cupboards.
“Someone need cocoa?” Fin asks jubilantly as he walks into the kitchen. He sits a container on the counter then gives me a questioning look. I shake my head minutely.
“Marnie, let me introduce you to Fin.” She takes a deep breath before turning around and stepping towards him.
“Monkey in a clown suit with a cake in the shape of a bow.” She mutters as she gets closer. Fin sends me a puzzled look but doesn’t comment. She still hasn’t realized we can hear her. “Nice to meet you properly, Fin. Don’t drug my food today, okay?” She gives him a fake grin and when he chuckles I’m glad he didn’t call her on it.
“No drugs, I promise. So what are we making with cocoa?” He asks her before shoving the container closer to her and further away from him. He listened to my warning earlier and is trying to give her space. After seeing that footage I think they all will.
“Brownies. Cash likes brownies.” She mutters, the second half was for herself, not us.
“Are you using a recipe?” He looks around the kitchen.
“By memory.” Comes her short answer. She wasn’t being rude but she wasn’t being friendly. However, she was trying and hadn’t run from the room yet. I’d take it.
“Memory? Really? Do you mind if I watch? I could always use a new recipe.” She shrugs then thinks better of it.
“That’s fine.” Fin takes a seat on a bar stool and I decide it might be better to give them a moment. Fin would be the easiest brother to deal with and if her confidence was built up by him maybe she would make it. I desperately needed to deal with an email.
“I need to run to our room for just a minute. You’ll keep her company, Fin?” I ask pinning him with a look. He nods to me returning it. He would keep an eye on her for me. If she had an issue he’d call. I turn to leave the room and hear her breathing stutter behind me. I force myself to keep walking. “I’ll be right back.” Her whimper follows me down the hallway. 

****

He left me.
Alone.
With a man.
I don’t know.
My age old coping mechanism kicks in and my face blanks over. I hated ‘going blank’ as the kids at school called it, but it was preferable to a nervous breakdown or showing anyone how weak I was. It takes me to a dark place in my head, a time where running and/or hiding was the only method of survival. Nonetheless it didn’t matter how I felt as long as I stayed strong. I busy myself with my ingredients. Checking and double checking the measurements. Then checking once more to be sure. With Fin watching my every move I don’t want to mess up. He’s a chef. I’m not.
“Where did you learn this recipe?” He asks in a friendly voice.
“It was in my mother’s cook book.” I state in a flat unemotional tone.
“Where is the book now?” He was only making conversation. He didn’t know the agony I went through when Uncle destroyed it. It was all I had left of her at the time. I found her necklace later, years after she hid it, when I moved from the farm. 
“Uncle threw it in the fire to punish me.” Two eggs, slightly beaten. Don’t react to his flinch.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Was it one you could duplicate? Like Betty Crocker or something?” My handwriting isn’t like hers I could never duplicate it. Two eggs, slightly beaten, I have it right, now dump it in. 
“It was handwritten.” Oil, I need oil now. I turn to the cabinet over the stove and stretch on tip toes to grab the bottle. I gasp as a presence leans in behind me and grabs the bottle, sitting it on the counter. He was very careful not to touch me. Before I can wrap my hand around the bottle he is gone. 
Breathe, Marnie.
“Have you ever thought of writing them down in your own book?” His tone hasn’t changed from the jovialness it has had since he entered the house. He was trying very hard to make me comfortable. I feel guilty for my short answers and inflections and try to get out the next answer with some kind of feeling. I measure the oil carefully.
“If it isn’t written down it can’t be destroyed. I have them all in my head. Safer that way.” Longer, better, but still flat. Come on Marnie, you can do this.
“Good point but who would destroy it now?” Dare. I don’t say it but it is the first thing that pops in my head. I don’t believe he would but you never know. Men were temperamental that way. I check the oil’s measurement.
“Possessions are easily taken away for punishment and other reasons. It doesn’t matter who, but when.” Besides, since that first initial conversation he hasn’t offered to get my things again. Cocoa, I need Cocoa. I hesitate with my hand over the lid.
“It’s okay, you can use all you want. I have three more at home.” I glance up and see his grin. His grey eyes are welcoming and his smile friendly. His white blonde hair is pinned back away from his youthful face in a low ponytail. The casual t-shirt and blue jeans are snug but a good fit for him. It’s the first time I have looked at him since Dare introduced us.
“Why do you have four containers of cocoa? Are they different flavors or brands?” I’m very proud of myself for the confusion and curiosity I could hear in my own voice. I was getting better. If he gives me a little longer I can do this. He chuckles. I measure the cocoa.
“Nope. All the same as that one. I like to experiment when I’m stressed. Especially with chocolate. Angie loves when I’m stressed.” He laughs out. A small smile cracks my lips.
“I like Angie.” I check the cocoa measurement. 
“Me to. She is fun and flamboyant and speaks what’s on her mind. There isn’t any guessing with Angie.” But there was with me. He didn’t mean it that way but that’s where my brain went. He seems to think about what he said and then adds quickly. “There isn’t anything wrong with mystery either. Everybody is different and some just need a little more time to warm up to things than others.” Satisfied I had everything required, I stir the mixture together and picture Cash with brownie mix on his face. My stomach settles a little more but the clawing ache remains. I would have brownies for Cash. I could do this.
“Angie told me you fix mechanical things. A grease monkey, she said.” His grin widens. 
“I am. I also love to cook. What do you like to do, Marnie?” I’m startled into enough surprise I stop stirring. I don’t think anyone has ever asked me that. His brow furrows as he watches me, his expresion losing a little bit of his joy. “You look shocked I ask you that. Why does that surprise you?” How do I answer him? If I admit no one had asked me that question before it would prove how pitiful I was. Honesty, Marnie. Always be honest.
“I’ve never been asked.” It’s his turn to look shocked.
“Hasn’t Dare asked you that?” I think back over our few conversations. No, he hasn’t.
“We haven’t really had time to talk much. I’m sure he will soon.” I state firmly and sit the bowl down. 
I want to say Dare hadn’t asked me much of anything except to surrender to him. Then again I hadn’t asked him much either. I was too scared at first and now I was simply too enthralled with him. That man made me feel and want things I have never felt or wanted before. His touch was electric, his kiss soothing, his bite calming and his love making blew my mind completely. And his blood….his blood was mouthwatering and addictive. My stomach grumbles in need.
Scrapping the spoon on the side I dip my finger in the batter left in the indention then lick it. It tastes right, sort of. I don’t think I forgot anything. I search the ingredients on the counter to make sure. The bag of chocolate chips still sits half full. I grab it and dump them in then stir quickly and taste again, still not quite right but nothings missing. Maybe my taste buds were off from crying. This time I notice Fin watches me and I offer him the spoon. He takes a finger full and tastes.
“Delicious. I will definitely need that recipe if you will share it.” He grins at me and this time I can’t help but return it. He has chocolate on his lip.
“I can write it down for you.” I turn quickly and grab the already floured pan and scrape the batter into it.
“So, you never answered me. What do you like to do to relax?” I shove the brownies in the oven and set the timer.
“Photography.” I whisper almost inaudibly. I ease down on the floor in front of the stove to watch the brownies cook. I couldn’t burn them again.
“Hey, come sit over here.” He stands to pick up one of the stools and places it on the other side of the counter letting the bar separate us. There was plenty of room, he couldn’t touch me without having to stand.
“I need to make sure I don’t burn them.” I couldn’t burn them again.
“You’ve set the timer. I won’t let you burn them. Come, sit down.” It wasn’t a request but it was spoken like one. Reluctantly, I rise and take the seat. “Photography, huh? What kind of camera do you have?” I tuck my head in embarrassment.
“It’s just an old 35 mm Cannon. I haven’t been able to upgrade to digital yet. But that’s alright, it takes beautiful pictures.” It did to. For the twenty year old camera it worked excellent and I loved it.
“Isn’t it expensive to develop the film these days?” I shake my head. Not how I do it.
“I do it myself. I have a two bedroom house. I use one room as a darkroom. It’s fun. I buy the chemicals in bulk, it’s cheaper.” I shrug looking back to the stove. Nausea rolls in my stomach but I push it away. I will do this.
“Really? How did you learn how to do that? Did you take a course in college?” I think this is the most I have ever talked about myself. However, his questions were loosening me up and I was feeling much more comfortable.
“No, I didn’t go to college. After Uncle died I had to get a job while I finished high school to pay the bills and rent on the apartment I leased. Then I got a full time job on top of my part time job on top of my nighttime job and rented a little house after graduation. I couldn’t work eighty hours a week to afford my home and still go to full time college. I chose the house and taught myself with books.” It had been a hard decision to make but in the end I believe it was the right one.
“Wow. You must be really smart then.” He grins, I frown.
“No. It doesn’t take smarts to read or mix chemicals. Only patience.” He snorts.
“You’d be surprised at the amount of people who can’t learn a damn thing from a book.” I shrug and look back to the stove. I wasn’t one of those people but I knew the type. ‘Hands on children’ is what the teachers always called them. They weren’t any different than other kids, they just took a little more effort to teach. It took a talented and devoted teacher to keep up with them. I had thought about teaching however, it wasn’t in the cards for me.
“Where did you learn to cook?” I was genuinely curious if the supernatural races went to human schools. A Vampire who lived on blood would make a funny site standing in a classroom made up like a kitchen. I could hear him in my head ask the student next to him ‘Can you taste this to make sure it’s right, then maybe I can taste you afterwards…’ Maybe culinary school for a Vamp wasn’t such a good idea.
“I have studied many places with different chefs and I went to the human’s culinary school several years ago.” He laughs. “Actually, I have been to three of them. The first one was seventy-five years ago, then fifty, then twenty-five and I’m planning on going again soon. Things change so much with time that I like to keep up with current methods. I try to go every twenty-five years or so.” Seriously? He had the time and money to go to three different schools? Well I guess at almost four hundred he did.
“Wow, three colleges? That must have been amazing. I always dreamed of going to college but knew Uncle would never pay for it. I received three full scholarships in high school but I couldn’t work and go full time like they stipulated. But I sure tried to figure a way. I waited till the last day to turn them down. It was heartbreaking but life goes on. I probably wouldn’t have made it very far anyway.” He frowns, an indention cutting across his forehead.
“Why do you do that?” His head tilts as he studies me seriously.
“Do what?” I cock my head mirroring and study him. I didn’t do anything.
“You just said you received three full time scholarships, so obviously you did well in school, but then said you wouldn’t go far. Why do you put yourself down like that, Marnie?” Did I? I hadn’t noticed. 
“Old habit, I guess. When you hear it enough you begin to believe it.” He shakes his head sadly.
“Can I ask where you placed in your graduating class?” What does that matter? I wasn’t good enough then and I still wasn’t.
“Eleventh. I wasn’t smart enough for the top ten.” Oh, I see what he means. I do do that a lot.
“Out of how many students?” I look to the stove nervously. They should be done soon. I answer absentmindedly.
“Six hundred and thirty five.” He coughs, hard. My head spins back to him, eyes wide.
“And you were number eleven?” I nod. “I’d say that was pretty damn smart.” I try not to be negative this time.
“Maybe.” Positives not so easy.
“So, is my brother treating you well?” It was a diversion tactic for him to change the mood, it works. I smile big and for the first time I feel myself relax.
“Oh, yes.” It was the first answer that truly showed emotion. He had been surprisingly gentle earlier while I had my breakdown. Holding me to him, letting me cry and not saying a negative word one. I was shocked at how comfortable I was in his arms, I even let my hands touch him, hold him, without remembering Uncles words. 
‘You worthless bitch, you’ll never be good for anything! No man will ever want your clumsy hands on him, you can’t even wash a dish without breaking it!’ 
One day I would get over my fears of all men, but for now not being scared of Dare was a step up that made me proud of myself.
“Do you have plans for later today?” My head bobs happily. 
“Dare said he was going to take me shopping for clothes. I can’t wait. I don’t even know where we are but I know it’s a beach. I have never seen a beach. I hope we can drive by the surf if it isn’t too much trouble for him. No one has clothes to fit me here, except this dress I think he stole from a little kid.” I giggle, I had seen the size, it wasn’t an adult size. “It fits better than what Angie brought me so I won’t complain but it makes a grown woman feel weird to wear kids clothes.” He laughs.
“I bet. You are a tiny thing though. Do they make adult clothes that small?” I scoff at him. My tension completely resides leaving behind a need to return his playfulness.
“Of course they do! I am not that little! Well, maybe to you giants I am but in the human world I am right at average. So take that, you big bully.” I grin. He grabs his chest like I hit him.
“Oh, you got me. Help, the midget hurt me!” He hollers out mockingly.
“I am not a midget!” I cry as I laugh hysterically at him stumbling off his stool and falling to the ground. He flops around a bit like a dying fish then lays still. “Oh come on, Fin! You’re killing me.” I pant out as I laugh. His head pops up and he grins at me. I forget all about my fear. His eyes flit to the hall then back to me. Before I can turn thick, strong arms wrap around my waist. The scent of wood, male and cinnamon assault me. Dare. He finally came back. “Your brother called me a midget!” I cry in fake outrage!
“You are a midget.” He states confidently while nuzzling my neck with his nose.
“Dare! I am not. I was trying to tell him I am an average human being. It is you people who are giants!” I giggle with my pout ruining the effect I was upset. 
“Who are giants?” A voice comes from behind us at the same time the timer goes off on the brownies. I stiffen and try to see which brother it is. Dare keeps me immobile. His head falls forward, his teeth sinking deep into my neck. In a haze I feel one of his arms leave from around my waist but have no idea where it went and I really don’t care as I relax back into him, a low moan escaping my tight hold. I bite my lip to keep the next one in. I would be embarrassed later. Right now I had Dare to worry about. 
I could feel his erection behind me and knew by the time we made it to the bedroom we would both be desperate. Every time he did this my need for him grew. And not just in a sexual way. I craved this man in so many different ways it wasn’t funny. I wanted his body, his smiles, his frowns, his touch and heaven forbid, I even wanted his blood. I just wanted him. I wanted to please him in every way I possibly could. What is more, every time he did this, I wanted nothing other than to obey his every whim. Completely and totally.
After only a few short pulls, enough to relax me deeply into a dazed state, he retracts his fangs and whispers in my ear, “Get the brownies, Parvulum.” I needed to remember to ask him what that meant. He spins me towards the oven away from the voice. I obey his command without question and pull the brownies from the oven then turn to see who just arrived. 
Cash.
Hard eyes, tight features, spiky hair, hands clinched at his side and posture rigid. Yep, the same Cash I remember. 
Scary as hell.
In my relaxed almost drugged state I giggle and hold up the pan in my hand. “I made brownies.” I whisper. Dare reaches over, takes them from me and places them on the stove.
“They need to cool. Cash this is Marnie.” I swallow hard.
“Uniformed angel with chocolate on his face and a bowl of brownie mix.” I mutter low under my breath. His eyebrow shoots up but I pay it no attention as I build the courage to speak. “Hello Cash.” I believe it came out. My lips moved but I don’t know if the words were there.
“Hello, Marnie. I love brownies. Especially hot brownies. May I?” He motions to the pan his face never changing.
“Let me cut them for you.” I grab a knife from the drawer and slice them quickly. Muttering can be heard behind me but it was too low to hear. Grabbing a paper towel I place a brownie on it and turn to hand it to him. He is relaxed, his eye softer but not soft, a large grin on his face nothing like the hard look of moments ago. He was almost approachable. Almost.
What changed?
Chapter Ten


I stand in the hall listening to her laugh with Fin. I hear Cash’s voice in the hall outside the door announce his arrival just as I asked him to do when I phoned him. I figured it would be easier for her if she met Cash one on one before the entire bunch showed up. I stroll into the kitchen my only goal to calm her down. When Cash steps in the room and speaks I can feel her panic rising and an inner voice screams at me that I have to protect her, keep her safe. She was mine. When her body stiffens with his voice I don’t think, I react, sinking my teeth into her skin. 
“What the hell?” I hear Cash’s explicative under his breath but am pretty sure it was aimed at me and not loud enough for Marnie to hear. I lift my hand from her waist and motion for him to wait. He growls low in his throat but stands patiently behind me. My eyes are locked on Fin’s the entire time, his grow ever wider as she relaxes in my arms. When I pull from her he nods to me with a small smile. He knew exactly what I was doing. Glad someone did, because there was no way I would be able to do that three more times without taking her to the bedroom for at least twenty minutes. 
Who am I kidding, more like twenty hours.
“Get the brownies, Parvulum.” I spin her purposely away from Cash towards the stove. Whipping my head to his I whisper urgently. “I’ll explain in a minute.” He nods stiffly. She turns to face him with the still hot pan in her hand with only a thin dishrag between her and the glass. Then she surprises me and prompts me to look closer at her all at the same time. 
She giggles.
“I made brownies.” Her pupils are dilated and her eyes foggy as if she is drugged. What the hell? It only served to relax her earlier. Maybe I took too much with having taken from her twice already. I reach over and steal the brownies before they burn her.
“They need to cool. Cash this is Marnie.” She stares at him wide eyed then mutters under her breath just as she did with Fin, only the words are different.
“Uniformed angel with chocolate on his face and a bowl of brownie mix.” I bite my lip to keep from laughing as Cash’s brow rises in question and Fin slaps a hand over his mouth. Was she making up descriptions of them to calm her nerves? I don’t have time to ponder the thought when her mouth moves but no audible sound comes out. Well, not for normal people, we heard her. “Hello Cash.”
“Hello, Marnie. I love brownies. Especially hot brownies. May I?” Oh, thank the fates. If he didn’t acknowledge the brownies I don’t know what she would have done. I didn’t want a repeat of earlier. 
“Let me cut them for you.” She looks pleased and nervous as hell as she shakily grabs a knife and turns to cut them. I step closer to Cash and frantically whisper to him.
“She is scared to death of you. She made the brownies especially for you. Make a big deal out of them and lose the mean look. I only bit her to calm her down. Just watch, it will wear off in a minute.” I step back right as she spins, brownie in hand. 
Her appearance is shocked as she studies Cash who has visibly changed everything cold about him and is trying to make himself more approachable. She then finds her first obstacle. How to give him the brownie, which is resting in her palm, without touching him. She looks from him to the brownie then back again. She pulls that lip between those teeth and bites. I hope her fangs don’t drop while she’s like that.
Only seconds pass when she folds each side of the paper towel up with her other hand and lifts it by it. She places it in his outstretched palm and backs away. Far away. Damn that didn’t last long. She makes her way to the stool and sits stiffly there. Shutters drop over her eyes and her emotions fade to blank. Here we go again. It took Fin fifteen minutes to get past this.
Cash takes a large bite of the brownie, which is still moist and warm, then rolls his eyes heavenward. When he removes it from his face he has smears of chocolate on both sides of his mouth. A giggle startles me back to her. The blankness was gone, her hand was covering her smile, but she was smiling. Her eyes twinkle with delight. I look to Fin who looks to me, we both shrug.
“May the fates have mercy on my soul. That is one fine brownie.” He proceeds to shove the rest in his mouth and reaches for another, chocolates now smeared across his face. She jumps from her stool and slaps his hand back. My eyes grow wide. What the hell?
“Lunch first then you can have more, angel…I mean Cash.” She blushes and steps back away from him like she didn’t realize what she was doing till she did it. But she doesn’t shut back down and she meets his eyes straight on as he moans and begs like a five year old to his mother.
“Oh, come on! One more? I promise I will eat all my lunch like a good little boy.” In a very un-Cash like action he puckers his bottom lip and pouts. Fin and I lose it. Laughter streaks through the kitchen. She gives in then takes the pan and places it in the microwave to keep warm.
“Okay boys, shoo. I need to warm lunch.” She flicks her hands shooing us out of the kitchen. Cash is still covered in chocolate and she is grinning. When we reach the front room he uses the paper towel to clean his face quickly before he sits in my recliner, a smug smile on his lips. I lower my voice to a level she can’t hear.
“What the hell was that?” I ask dumbfounded.
“I recognized the coping mechanism.” He shrugs as if that explained it. Fin and I stare at him till he sighs. “Emmitt isn’t the only one who reads. I like psychology books. Long story and big words cut short she was using a coping mechanism. You take things you know about the person and draw a mental image from it to help face the fear of them. It doesn’t have to be people, anything works but in this case, it’s us. ‘Uniformed angel with chocolate on his face and a bowl of brownie mix’. Obviously Angie was her informational source, she knows my love of brownies.” Fin and I both nod.
“And the angel? You are not an angel!” Fin scoffs.
“Angie again. She says I sing like an angel. I am a soldier. Soldiers where uniforms. The chocolate on the face was her way of making it funny not scary and of course the bowl of brownie mix. That one’s self-explanatory. What did she say about you Fin? Or am I the only one she was scared of?” He looks between us, an almost hurt look in his eyes. I shake my head.
“No, you were just the main one. Something about not being able to face you during The Choosing. She repeated ‘Monkey in a clown suit with a cake in the shape of a bow’ every time I said Fin’s name then again when he got here.” He laughs.
“Oh!” Fin exclaims. “She said Angie called me a grease monkey and I bet her first sentence was I was a clown or jokester. Then I’m a chef, the cake. It makes since though I’m not sure why it has to be a bow.” He grins. “I wonder what Archer will be?” Cash guffaws loudly. 
“You might want to warn them not to react to her comments when made under her breath. If they do we will never hear them all and it might upset her to know we did.” I nod in agreement with Cash and pull out my phone. Before I can type out the text all three enter the room. Fin quickly jumps to inform them to keep any reaction to themselves but doesn’t explain the meaning behind it. I stand to go get Marnie.
“Stay here, I’ll be right back.” Just in case I needed to relax her again I preferred not to have an audience. It was not easy to cover a raging hard-on in tight jeans. Speaking of, I untuck my shirt to let it cover the evidence. 
She has her back to me facing the stove and I slip quietly behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist. Immediately her head tips in submission tempting me. I wait to see if it’s needed. “The rest of my brothers are here.” She tenses. Oh hell, she was going to kill me. I was made of control but she was determined to rip it to shreds.
“Okay. I only have one more minute here. Can you pull out the bread from the oven while I toss the salad, then we can get this over with.” She mutters as she drags a pan of noodles to the sink and drains them. I do as she asks then put them on a plate. “Just sit them on the table please. And these too if you don’t mind.” She pushes two bowls towards me, the noodles, sauce and meatballs. I willingly help her set the table then have to chuckle at how comfortable and domesticated it all felt. I glance up at my brothers, obviously they were thinking the same thing, because every one of them were catching flies with their open mouth stares. I shake my head with a grin then return for the salad.
When we both emerge moments later Archer is laying out the dishes he brought in the seventh spot. Marnie stops in her tracks and I practically shove her over with the unexpectancy of it. Archer grins then takes the salad from me with an inconspicuous nod to the dressing in her hand. He didn’t want to chance touching her and wanted me to take hers while he took mine. I comply. She doesn’t put up a fight. She scans the three newcomers with a mix of trepidation and determination. 
“Marnie?” I ask pulling her gaze to me. Her body is visibly trembling with fear. I lean down as close to her ear as possible and whisper to her. I knew they could hear me but she didn’t and I wasn’t wanting to embarrass her, just help her. I needed to help her. “Would you like to step back in the kitchen for a minute?” I let one fang descend and run it over her ear lobe. She shutters, only this time it isn’t in fear. When I pull back to look at her she shakes her head.
“Not yet. Let me try this. If I shut down you have my permission and I don’t care who it’s in front of. Just pull me back out of that place.” I nod sharply. It is the first time I even consider she didn’t like to feel or show nothing. She had done it so often it never dawned on me she didn’t do it on purpose, maybe it’s another habit? I turn unblocking her view and motion Archer forward.
“This is Archer. He is the oldest.” 
“A gooey hippie with a bow in his outstretched hand.” She mutters closing her eyes for the briefest moments. The three that don’t know what’s happening exchange strange looks, those of us who do try not to laugh. Her eyes pop open. “Hello Archer.” He nods his head to her.
“Welcome to the family, Soror.” Her eyes widen exponentially then cut to me and back to him.
“Soror means sister in Latin.” I supply for her.
“Thank you.” She responds. She is still there but her voice is slipping. I step behind her and wrap my arms around her waist. She sighs with the contact.
“Archer, Fin, and Cash can go ahead and sit.” They scramble forward and I notice Cash sits next to Marnie’s chair. Huh? Was the cold soldier feeling protective? “Bane.” I call him forward and he also nods his head to her.
“Hello Marnie.”
“China doll playing the piano with the Fibonacci Spiral on the front of his shirt.” She whispers with an accompanying deep breath. I think everyone but Fin’s eyes raise when she mentions the Fibonacci Spiral. It wasn’t something most run of the mill humans knew off the top of their heads. It was also Bane’s favorite. He asked me to paint it on the ceiling of his bedroom because he says it relaxes him. “Hello Bane.” He quickly sees her discomfort and sits before more can be said.
“Last is Emmitt.” He steps forward and I feel her shake against me. Her eyes cut to the table of men then back to Emmitt. Her body tenses, her breathing grows ragged and I lean forward. Her hands tighten on my arms and she shakes her head. I wait, fangs at the ready. I couldn’t stand watching her struggle but if she needed to do it on her own, so be it.
“Turtle sitting on a piece of driftwood on the beach with a blue bow taped to his back.” I bite my lip and mentally curse as my fangs punch threw them. I think I now got Fin’s bow cake. With the mention of the bow with all three of them the memory resurfaces in my mind. A snort is heard and a few coughs telling me I wasn’t the only one who knew what Angie told her but she is oblivious as she builds the courage to talk to the bow toting turtle whose eyes are narrowed on her. “Emmitt.” She breaths out not able to get the hello there but at least she acknowledges him.
“Greetings, Soror.” Then he does something I want to slap him for. He reaches up and tugs her braid then walks away. 
Her knees buckle causing me to tighten my arms around her. Her head tilts in submission “Please, Dare.” Barely comes from her lips before my fangs are buried deep in her neck. Turning my back on my brothers, I keep drinking till she plants her feet firmly back on the ground. I stand to my full height and glare at Emmitt over my shoulder. He only shrugs pissing me off more. If it wouldn’t have been for the woman in my arms he would have been dead or at least bruised badly. 
Her back straightens before she turns in my grip. I look down into her eyes and see that hazy drugged look has returned and is even more pronounced than before. Also there isn’t any color left in her eyes, they are completely dilated black. She lazily smiles up to me. “It wasn’t Emmitt. I would have fallen if he hadn’t touched me. I was holding my breath.” She wobbles and hiccups like she’s drunk. 
“Marnie? You feeling alright?” She bobs her head back and forth fairly slow, letting it drop all the way back then forcing it all the way forward before a giggle erupts from her. “Marnie, look at me.” It is a command her head obeys immediately but her eyes take a moment to focus.
“Yessss?” The word is hideously slurred and stretched out.
“Tell me how you feel.” Another command.
“Happy, very happy. I made brownies.” Her nose crinkles and her brow furrows. “No, I burnt the brownies then I made more. That’s okay because Cash liked them. He isn’t as scary with chocolate on his face. Oh, Emmitt and Finn need to keep their bows to themselves!” She guffaws loudly. No one else moves. She raises her fingers in a peace sign and snorts. “Hey Archer, make love not war. Bane! Bane, I was told you need to play the piano for me, sweetheart.” With a snicker her head drops to my chest. “Oh and you can draw. I didn’t know you could draw. But we haven’t talked much. I think I said more words when you made me surrender than I have said at any point in time.” My body tenses with her words.
“You what?” Archer’s voice demands behind me.
“Not now, Archer.” I growl out. Something wasn’t right here.
“Yes, now! You said she took the blood willingly.” He declares manically.
“She did.” I growl and lift her into my arms.
“You also made her speak it verbally? You did both?” I turn to face him.
“I did.” He leans forward threateningly placing both palms on the table.
“Dammit Dare, please tell me she wasn’t a virgin.” I growl deep in my throat but his glare does not waver. I feel the moment he forces my will without ever speaking a word. 
“She was.” Pride swells unbidden in me. I should not be proud of that fact right now when I had no clue what was going on or why he was so pissed about it. 
“Do you know what you have done?!” He bellows slamming his fist on the table making dishes bounce.
“Dare’s in trouble!” She sing-songs out like a five year old.
“Marnie, hush.” Her hand flies over her mouth instantly. “I don’t care at the moment what you think I’ve done. I just want to know how to fix this.” I tilt my chin to her.
“How many times have you taken her blood today?” He sighs, sitting back down he drops his chin to his chest in defeat. Defeat was a new look for Archer. I didn’t like it.
“Four? Maybe five?” His head pops up and his eyes widen in shock.
“Today alone?” His reaction didn’t sound promising.
“In the last two hours.” I supply through gritted teeth.
“Oh, hell, Dare! Has she taken any of yours or even ate any food today?” He arches his brow like I should know something here. I have no idea if she ate breakfast or not.
“No. Not that I know of. I wasn’t with her all morning, I was with you and she was asleep when I left.” He rubs his hand over his face.
“Go feed your mate. She’s going to need it because when she comes out of that state she is going to kill you. You thought it was hard getting her to let you touch her without flinching before? Just wait.”
“What are you talking about?” I didn’t like this cryptic crap.
“No. Go take care of her then I’ll tell you after we eat what she cooked. I want to see her reaction.” He smirks. “After she feeds she should be fine and it shouldn’t take too long. Go.”
“Fine.” I turn, strolling into the front room I sit on the couch.
“You might want to take her to your room.” He says with humor.
“If I take her to my room you won’t see us again.” I spit out. I was sure if I was alone with her I wouldn’t be able to control this unbelievable urge to strip her and take her, hard. My blood was thrumming with need for her like it hadn’t had her in years not hours. 
“Very well. Your choice.” His tone suggests it is the wrong choice.
I sit her up in my lap but she falls against my chest, limp. I look down to see her still staring at me with those dark hazy eyes and her hands over her mouth. I try to sit her up again with no success. So I spread her legs and swing her around to straddle me. “Sit.” I bite out. She stares at me with questioning eyes her hand still on her mouth but she sits up straight.
“Remove your hand and drink.” Again, she instantly obeys. Her head falls forward to bite my neck greedily, she sucks in long swigs of blood. I clinch my fists before letting my eyes close tightly to try to keep from touching her, watching her. I couldn’t help smelling her sweet vanilla scent, it almost changed my mind about where we were and who was in the other room. 
At first it’s as if she is starving, she mewls like she can’t get enough as she bites down hard and drags the blood from my veins in large mouthfuls. After about three minutes she slows to a more leisurely pace, letting her tongue lap at my skin while she draws it in. After another two her hips begin to sway with each pull she takes grinding against my impossibly hard erection. It was bad enough that taking her blood sent me into overdrive, now her drinking from me has completely blown the engine and set the entire thing on fire. I grab her hips to stop her but she thrusts harder against me ripping a moan from my throat before I can stop it. Chuckles from the dining room have me glancing to see all five watching. Perverts. I glare but they just smile.
“Marnie, Parvulum, you have to stop now, please.” Her head shakes tearing at my neck. My erection jumps painfully. Aw hell. Come on Dare, keep it together, you have an audience. “Marnie.” She drops a hand to caress me through my pants. I hiss in a breath and growl at the laughs. I try to pull her back from my body but her legs wrap around me tightly, too tightly for a still mostly human woman. She shouldn’t be this strong yet. Her left nails dig into my shoulder cutting into the skin painfully. Her right hand slides into my waistband, skin touches skin. I groan loudly trying to ignore the downright howls of laughter. I had to stop this before I completely embarrassed us both and took her right here, right now.
“Do you think he’s had enough?” That’s Archer. Her hand grips tightly. I don’t care if it’s Archer.
“No. I don’t know what you think he’s done but he obviously deserves this.” Bane? I don’t know, I can’t tell in this state of mind. I don’t want to hurt her however my gentle tries to remove her aren’t working.
“Oh, come on. I can’t watch this anymore. Tell him how to stop her.” That was Cash. I knew that one and he was pissed.
“Give her a command. Order her to stop, Dare. I’m sure you know how to do that, don’t you?” Archer’s sarcastic voice drips with disdain. He was also pissed. Her hand tightens and pumps rapidly, I forget about him being pissed. I grab her wrist and pull her hand forcefully away. A deep animalistic growl is ripped straight from her lungs. My eye shoot to Archer’s. His face is grim. Oh, hell, what have I done?
“Marnie stop, now.” I demand. She instantly stops all action and removes her fangs from my neck. Her clear eyes meet mine with a fear that wasn’t there before, this had nothing to do with my brothers and everything to do with me. My gut swirls with tension at the thoughts rapidly running through my head, not one of them giving me an answer to what I had done!

Chapter Eleven


After practically raping Dare in front of his brothers I have nothing left to lose and sit at the table with my head held high. I had already embarrassed and humiliated myself with the display, not much left after that. Archer insisted we enjoy the meal before he would explain what was happening to me. I sat quietly while they talked, tensely at first till everyone calmed down then the conversation turned fairly pleasant. 
Archer’s words as he insisted I eat still bother me for reasons as of yet unknown. ‘We are going to sit here and eat this meal she cooked for us and enjoy it before I explain anything and start pissing people off.’ He then looked to me, when he saw my empty plate his eyes softened with pity. ‘Please, Marnie. Eat something while you can enjoy it.’ The words stuck in my head and wouldn’t leave me as I listen to them chat.
“Did you ask Marnie where we are going next? I am meeting with Tink tonight and need to give her a location and any changes in the compound.” Dare’s deep strained chuckle draws my attention to his tightly restrained features. He wasn’t enjoying this meal but he was trying. His eyes said he was worried, his even more rigid than normal body said he was stressed, and his death grip on the fork said he was barely holding it together. I don’t know what is going on but it had him scared and if it was enough to scare Dare it has to be bad.
“One of these days Chasity is going to de-man you for calling her that.” Tight chuckles come from around the table. “No, we hadn’t had a chance to discuss the move yet.” His eyes flit to me before he quickly looks away. He hasn’t looked me in the eye since he pulled me away from him. I can’t remember half of what happened and nothing before he sat me in his lap. After he told me to sit I remember knowing I needed him more than I needed my next breath but not much else. Only the look in his alarmed eyes when he pulled me away from him told me something was horribly wrong.
“Marnie?” I start and look to Dare. I hadn’t heard him speaking to me.
“I’m sorry. What did you ask?” I stutter out.
“I said we have to move the compound. Is there somewhere you would like to live?” His voice is too soft and he still wasn’t meeting my gaze.
“Where are we now?” I ask quietly. A few hisses come from his brothers, the loudest from Cash who sat next to me.
“Texas.” He states blandly. I twirl my fork in my uneaten spaghetti remembering what Angie said about beaches.
“I thought you wanted to go to California next?” His head snaps up to look towards me with surprise. “Angie.” I answer the unspoken question. He nods and returns to playing with his own food. 
“I thought you may want to go somewhere else. Any suggestions?” Sure, I had suggestions but I didn’t feel the need to express them. I felt like I needed to do exactly what he commanded. I wanted to say if he liked beaches how about Florida but I couldn’t get it to come out of my mouth and it had nothing to do with fear. It literally would not come out. I fight for a minute then shake my head slinking down in my chair.
“Marnie. Look at me please. I would like to try something if you don’t mind.” Archer was always kind when he spoke to me, his voice never changing from gentle and soothing. Tentatively I meet his eyes. “Tell me where you want to live.” His voice is powerful making my body shiver.
“Florida.” It pops out on its own. I throw my hand over my mouth and look to Dare who is staring at his plate in silence. Everything in me said I had disobeyed him. I tremble. 
“Marnie, look at me, not him.” My head turns without me commanding it. “Why Florida?” More power swirls through my veins.
“Dare likes beaches. I like the mountains of Colorado but it is too cold in the winter. Florida is the only other place I have wanted to live.” My eyes flit to Dare, my insides clinch. I look back to Archer who is watching me closely. “But California is the same. It is still beaches and sand and warm. California is fine.” A fork rattles beside me as it’s dropped. I know it’s Dare but I don’t move, I can’t look away from Archer as more power rolls through me. 
Suddenly I feel hungry. I hadn’t been hungry all day, I had actually felt nauseas for most of it, my constant aggravation not allowing it to settle. I pick up my fork and begin eating silently. No one makes a sound around the table for several minutes and I keep my eyes averted just listening to them till my plate is empty.
“Interesting.” Archer mutters under his breath breaking the silence. “So Dare, where to this time?” He asks, scrapping his fork nonchalantly over his plate.
“Florida.” I can hear the warring emotions in his voice, regret, uneasiness, sadness. He wasn’t happy with my choice but I keep my mouth full and don’t acknowledge them.
“Good choice.” Cash bites out beside me. He had seemed rather angry since we set down and I wasn’t sure what I had done to cause it. He kept shooting daggers at Dare but wouldn’t look at me. Actually, Archer had been the only one to honestly meet my eyes.
“I’ll tell Tink and get it set up. When we spoke on the phone she said they could have the safe houses ready by midnight tonight and the complex would be done in two days but not sooner. You can start to evacuate the women and children in a few hours. Any changes to your home you want to make before the transfer happens?” Emmitt asks in a tight but conversational tone.
“Yes. Add one more room. Same sizes as the others. It needs to be black inside, walls, floor, ceiling, everything.” Fin lets out a snicker but I have no idea why.
“Black? That’s new for you.” I sense Dare’s shift in body language but don’t indulge my curiosity and keep eating. “Oh. Okay then. Anyone else?” No’s resound and the conversation wanes. 
I sit my fork as quietly as I can in my plate and study the sauce left there. The taste had been off though I couldn’t figure out why. It had been fine earlier when I was cooking it but now it was rather bland. I hope they couldn’t tell. No one had complained all though I didn’t think they would, not since the dynamic had changed when I bit Dare in front of them. Were they disgusted by the display? 
In our room, alone, I don’t think the way I acted would have bothered me but knowing I mauled him in front of his brothers disgusted even me. I shouldn’t have touched him like that to begin with. Uncle told me no man would want my touch. I thought Dare was different but maybe I’m wrong, maybe I embarrass him. I shouldn’t have touched him in front of them, I only gave him a reason to be angry with me. I sigh silently then rise to remove my plate. I stop beside Dare.
“Are you finished?” He nods prompting me to hold out my hand for his plate. He hesitates then lifts it to me. I glance to the others empty plates and begin my rounds. A few argue they can do it so I reach around them removing their choice. I had been waitressing for almost three years, I could clear a table with the best of them. Entering the kitchen I place the dirty dishes in the sink and begin to fill it with water. Dare comes in behind me bringing the empty bowls and dressing bottles.
“Leave those for later. Come to the front room.” He didn’t ask. I didn’t refuse. I don’t think I could if I wanted to.
Once everyone is settled around the room all attention turns to Archer. I notice for the first time his skin is paler than it was when he first talked to me, his ruby lips look to be painted with whore red lipstick against the white of his skin. His gaze scans the room to land on me.
“I know this is going to be embarrassing for you and I am sorry for that, Marnie. I need to know the exact words used when you verbally surrendered to Dare.” 
“Why?” Dare’s growl beside me has my body cowering. His arm snakes around my shoulders pulling me into him, reassuring me. It didn’t. With his reaction I know he doesn’t want me to tell them, that is between us in a private moment. My insides curdle with the idea of making him angry. The feeling is different from normal. It is fear of disappointing him, disobeying him, breaking his trust, and then comes the fear of consequences. That last one had always been first with me. Something has changed.
“Because to know exactly what is happening to her I need to know what she said.” Dare shakes his head.
“Explain first. What the hell did I do, Archer? And why do you seem to be the only one who knows about it?” Archer searches the faces of his confused brothers. This much of what Dare said was true. No one seems to know what is going on but Archer. At least whatever he did he did it without knowing it could happen. I try to remember that thought as I listen to Archer tear my world apart.
“Fine. I don’t like forcing you to do things, like tell me personal details about your sex lives, but when I get to where I need the information I will take it if you leave me no other choice.” His warning sends a chill through me. It is the first time he has spoken in any other tone than friendly, this wasn’t friendly. It was a threat, plain and simple. Dare’s arm tightens on me. “We all know the rules of The Claiming, however, I will state them now for Marnie’s benefit because I have a feeling they weren’t explained completely to her.” His narrowed eyes don’t leave Dare’s. They keep the battle going for a few minutes before Dare is the first to look away.
“I guess I could have done it a little better. It’s not like any of us really understand them to begin with.” He mutters.
“You understood the choice between the two ways. You could have told her that much instead of taking both.” He sounds like a father scolding his teenage son.
“Wait, two ways? I don’t understand?” I Ping-Pong between all the men who are glaring at Dare.
“I know, that’s why I will explain what your mate should have. Again, I apologize for any embarrassment this is going to cause. It isn’t meant to be a public conversation.” With one last hard glare at Dare he focuses on me. 
“The Claiming has two parts to it. The basic description is this. Over the course of forty-eight hours, a number we didn’t know till you chose, sex must be completed five times. Blood must be exchanged from him to you at the same time he takes yours. The first four are done by cutting the wrist and offering it to your intended mate. For the last her fangs drop and it is removed from the necks of both. The blood that enters your body is what causes The Change that transforms you from human to immortal Patronus Mate. The blood, the semen and your surrender must be present for it to begin. It gives you the ability to grow fangs, speed, heal rapidly, strength, hearing, immortality and the ability to carry his child.” I sputter at the last. He never mentioned children. 
I haven’t even decided if I want children. With losing my mother early in life and then being left with Uncle, I didn’t want to bring a child into this world and not be able to be there for him/her during their life. I had no one, no family, no real friends, who would I leave a child with if I died? No, I didn’t want children. 
I never asked if he could get me pregnant and he never mentioned protection. I didn’t think he could have children. He wasn’t normal. However, now that I am thinking about it, he is one of six children by a mate like me, of course he can have children. I shove the worry to the back of my mind to examine after this crisis is dealt with. One crisis at a time, please.
Archer gives me a minute with another hard look to Dare then continues. “For thousands of years the Royal Bloodline of Patronus have had predestined mates. Human women with star birthmarks marking them ours, the star being the sign of our lineage. Each woman meant for a particular male. As you were meant for Dare. Not all women have been accepting to this change of lifestyle. Therefore there is two ways to bring on The Change I described. The way it is stated is that the woman must completely surrender for this to happen. When a mate who accepts her destiny willingly drinks the blood of her chosen for the first time she completely surrenders herself to her fate and to her mate. She dismisses her humanity and welcomes immortality. She has willingly chosen to take her mate and finish The Claiming causing The Change to begin in her system immediately. The fangs won’t drop till the final moment when they are needed.” He pauses to let his implications sink in.
I surrendered the moment I held his arm to my mouth. I had already sealed my fate when I tied him to that chair and demanded if I had to submit so did he. 
And he knew it. 
He let me think I had to verbally tell him I surrender. He played me and he won. 
I can feel his eyes boring into me as I work this out in my head. I turn my gaze slowly to meet his, enraged sapphires to apologetic emeralds. Oh no. He didn’t get to feel sorry now. He had tortured me to get those words from me. Words he didn’t have to have. 
Unable to look at him any longer I turn back to Archer. My need to obey him was waning by the minute and right now I wanted to slap him. Archer clears his throat, I believe to keep from laughing at Dare’s uncomfortableness, his face is crimson. He resumes speaking through his humor.
“The second way is with a woman who is less than agreeable to The Mating. Just because we know the woman is ours doesn’t mean she knows. Obviously with you, you felt the same pull Dare had which made things easier for you. As I understand it some women feel nothing for their mate till after The Claiming is completed and with a few of those they never developed the deep emotions most do. For this instance you have the option of forcing The Change. It isn’t a pretty occasion and takes a hard male to accomplish it. When we heard the voice announce you would die if The Claiming had not been completed by the time forty-eight hours was up I understood this methods need for being there but I do not agree with it. If the woman would rather die than be mated it should be her choice.” He was stalling, rambling just as his brother does when he doesn’t want to say something.
“Stop stalling Archer. I get the point.” He nods sharply.
“The sex and the blood exchange are forced four times. On the fifth in order for the fangs to drop when they are needed the female must verbally surrender to the male. It is not said what words must be spoken so I imagine her stating the obvious would work. ‘I surrender’. I don’t know if she has to mean to The Change, to the man, or if it would work only if she is begging for the forced sex and blood to stop. A change has not been forced in more than one thousand years. So for our purposes we are just going to say she says the right thing. Her fangs drop and by force or not she is to drink from his neck in which time the rest of The Changes begin to happen. Once the final time is complete in either scenario your body takes forty-eight more hours to alter completely to Patronus Mate. The fastest to show evidence is healing which began the first time you drank willingly from him. The rest takes longer to develop. By 12:05 tomorrow night your transformation will be complete.” I acknowledge this new information with a nod. Dare had not told me it took two days only that it happened.
“Now with that being said there is one other catch to The Claiming that isn’t known by many still left alive. It is a secret passed through the years to the eldest living son in the Royal Family, me. If I should die then the knowledge is on a flash drive in my safe for Bane or whoever is the next eldest surviving male.” He looks each brother in the eye before continuing. 
“I will share it now with all of you because of this situation only. We all need to know in order to protect Marnie. However it is not to go any further than this room. Marnie, you cannot tell Angie about this. No one else can know. If our enemies find out this little tidbit of information it can put both Marnie and Dare’s life in jeopardy. They will come for her.” His ominous words echo around the deathly silent room.
“Also, one more thing. I have faith in each of you but I find myself needing to state the obvious. No one is to try to reproduce this situation. This is the reason it is only told to the eldest. At one time it was given to each son to warn them against it but as happens in the nature of all creatures one man couldn’t resist doing exactly what he had been told not to and almost destroyed the human race with his malicious intent before he was stopped. As we are the only six left subjected to The Claiming I have no fear that any of my brothers will do this out of ill will.” Once more he scans the room. His point made he takes a deep breath then focus back on Dare and I.
“By doing both methods of surrender you changed the dynamic between the two of you. There are a few things that have to line up completely in order for this method to work. One, it has to be on a full moon, which normally has very little effect on our race except in three instances, this is one of them. It was a full last night, by the way. Two, Marnie was pure when The Claiming began.” His eyes stay on Dare as he says this letting me blush without his scrutiny. My sex life, or lack thereof, being discussed in front of these hardened men was not my idea of a good time.
“Three, some force must be used. Meaning at some point you made her bleed and it wasn’t for drinking.” His eyes flick to me with concern, did he think Dare hurt me? My hand unconsciously circles my wrist, the rope burns had bled. Archer’s eyes flick to my wrists with too much understanding before he continues. How did he know? “Four, the final bite must be done at midnight and beings your time was up at 12:05 I’m guessing it was. Five, this is the one I have never quite understood, magic must be present. It doesn’t say ‘magic is used’ just that it ‘must be present’.”
“Magic? Then you’re wrong because there wasn’t any magic.” But there was, I think to myself. Archer’s gaze penetrates through my skull but I don’t look up from my hands. I drove myself crazy for the better part of an hour this morning trying to figure out how he removed the ropes so quickly and at the same time. I never felt him untie them, he never leaned forward, they were just gone. That’s when I remembered how he unlocked the door and him telling me about the small magic they all could use. Unconsciously my hand slides back to my wrist to rub the now healed rope burns. I bite my lip nervously debating on whether to mention this or not. His brothers were listening and I really didn’t want them knowing he tied me to the bed. 
“Do you have something to say, Marnie?” Archer’s voice draws my attention to him. He is watching my hand as it circles my wrist anxiously. I scan the room to see all of them watching me, all of them but Dare. He seems lost in thought. I shake my head crumbling under the pressure of them all listening. I could ask him later. Slowly, power unfurls inside my body snaking through every crevice. I meet Archer’s gaze steadily as I try to refuse the pull to say what he wants to hear. It’s useless.
“If he didn’t use magic how did the ropes leave my wrists?” It falls from my lips against my will and I cringe with every word. As soon as it’s spoken the power leaves and Archer’s eyes turn apologetic. Too late now, you already embarrassed me, I shout at him in my head. Archer flinches with my inner shout like he could hear it. Impossible, I dismiss that thought immediately. Dare tenses with my question, his hand slides down my arm to run a finger lightly over my wrist.
“You’re right. As soon as you surrendered I released the ties with magic.” Why did it sound like he enjoyed saying those words, ‘you surrendered’?
“Then magic was present. It was still in your system.” Archer breathes out and leans back in his chair, defeated.
“Wait, how was it in your system? It had been a good five to ten minutes between the magic and when you bit me.” I mumble hoping only he heard what I asked.
“Remember when I told you I didn’t care to use magic?” I nod.
“It makes you feel funny. I believe that was how you put it.” I remember because I thought it was weird to hear him say those words. A big bad man like him feeling funny would have been interesting to see.
“Yes. The reason it makes us feel funny is because once you call on the magic it stays in your body waiting to see if you need more. It lingers up to an hour with the small magic, longer with the larger stuff, attaching itself to every cell in your body while it waits. When you don’t use it again it dissipates leaving you just as you were before. What I imagine it means by it being present is I literally had magic in my blood when you bit me.” Something close to fear trembles in his voice.
“Cinnamon and power.” I mumble to myself.
“Do what?” Dare asks.
“Your blood, it tasted like cinnamon when I drank from your wrist but when I drank from your neck it tasted like cinnamon and power.” Archer sits up in the chair and leans forward. I can see the same question Angie asked on his face. “I don’t know. I have no clue what power tastes like.” I sigh out to their chuckle. “That’s just what came to mind when it hit my tongue. That and because of the electrical charges.” I shrug and try to disappear into the couch.
“Electrical charges?” This is Emmitt, he was the one who worked with everything electronic so I wasn’t surprised this drew his interest enough to speak when they all had so far been silent.
“Every time he touches me an electrical current comes from him. Well, that’s what it feels like, I’m not saying it is electricity.” I blush deep crimson and tuck my head to avoid looking at them. “When I drank from his neck the current seemed to flow with his blood causing my entire body to tingle with the surges.” This couldn’t get any more embarrassing, could it?
“Does his semen do the same thing? I suspect you swallowed, right?” It could and has gotten much more embarrassing. I hadn’t paid much attention at the time because of Dare’s reaction but no I don’t believe it did.
“No.” I squeak. “Neither did the blood from his wrist.” I bury myself in Dare’s chest trying to escape their humor filled stares.
“Archer, you’re being awfully quiet. You have told us what is needed to make this happen but you still haven’t told us what it is?” Dare says impatiently, his hands rubbing the length of my arms in comfort.
“You know of The Choosing and The Claiming. What you did is called The Binding.” Every muscle in Dare’s body tenses to beyond rigid. His hands that are lightly caressing my arms still and tighten just above both elbows.
“Excuse me?” He grinds out.
“You bound Marnie to you. Depending on the words of her surrender depends on the stipulations of The Binding. I need those words now whether it’s from you or her. I need to know how deep this goes.” Dare’s jaw clinches as if he is going to refuse him.
“You own me. My body is your body. I will obey you and only you. I surrender to you, Dare. I surrender to you completely. I am yours, heart, body and soul, forever.” I force the words to leave my mouth before Dare can stop me. We had to know the extent of what he did to me. Archer sucks in a ragged breath while letting his head fall in his hands. Mutters can be heard from the other brothers but nothing I can make out. Dare’s grip tightens.
“By the fates above, what prompted you to say those words?” He grits out. I don’t think he meant to put power behind the question in his obviously distressed state, but he does, forcing me to answer.
“Dare. It’s what he asked for.” I squirm as the answer leaves me. Dare’s grip tightens. “I had to answer him. I couldn’t stop it.” I mutter hoping I hadn’t made him too angry. Archer would have just forced the first answer anyway and he had the second. He couldn’t hold that over my head, could he?
“You forced her?” Dare asks in that deadly whisper of his.
“I needed the truth, Dare and you have to realize how embarrassing this is for her. With those being the words that made The Binding complete, if she thought answering would be disobeying you then she wouldn’t have spoken them on her own. I would be very interested in knowing how exactly you managed to make her say those words but for Marnie’s sake I’ll let this go and just try to explain.” Oh, thank God. I couldn’t take having to listen or tell how he tortured me into that surrender. Archer pins Dare with a meaningful look that says he will get answers later and he wasn’t happy about this new knowledge before he returns to me. 
“You got what you wanted, little brother. You own her, she will be dependent on you mentally and physically. Her body is yours, she will not be able to refuse your touch. She will obey you, any command you give her she will be powerless against it. She will think before completing any action that you might disapprove of, like answering where she wanted to live. She knew you wanted California so she agreed with what you wanted because asking for somewhere else would be disobeying you, contradicting you, arguing with you. However you want to word it, it wasn’t what she knew you wanted. Immediately after she takes your blood or you take hers the pull to obey will be stronger just as it was then. It seems to fade after a while because she hasn’t been as agreeable in the past half hour as she was at the table but that could be because The Change isn’t complete. She is completely bound to you in every way, just as you wanted.” He sneers at Dare whose hands tighten once more on my arm. They were beginning to become painful.
“Anything else?” Dare spits out.
“Yes. By binding her to you, you also changed the way The Claiming affected her and you. She will have the abilities I already described plus one more thing we will get to in a minute.” The thought makes me shiver. How could this have possibly changed Dare? He was already supernatural, how much more unnatural could he be?
“What did it do to Dare?” I whisper before he can continue.
“Remember all of this is what we believe will happen, as I said only one man has done it before and not much is known about what happened between him and his mate.” He glances between us to make sure we understand his meaning. Yeah, I get it, he was guessing, now what would happen to Dare! Like he can hear my thoughts he answers them. 
“He will become much stronger than he already is. I am not talking just physical strength, but in every ability we have. Where we can only use the abilities of those we are fighting against, he will be able to use them all when he feels like it. Of course he will need to learn to use and control them but after some time he will be unstoppable. He is now the most powerful Patronus alive. He is also the weakest, because of you.” I gulp. “Your lives are tied together now. To be separated from each other will be physically painful for both of you, if one is aggravated, you both are, if one hurts, you both hurt, if one dies, you both die.” So that is what he meant by they would come for me.
“Meaning if anyone wants to hurt him, they take me. The weakest link.” Dare’s hands tighten even harder around my arms, I cringe.
“Anything else?” His voice sounds dead. I fight the urge to look at him. I wasn’t happy with him right now and the last thing I wanted was to see something in his expression that made me feel sorry for him. He did this to me, I had to remember that while I could.
“Yes actually, there is one more thing I have been avoiding. Um….” Archer looks to me his gaze going to Dare’s tight grip then to my eyes. “You not only bound her to your life but to your blood. It is no longer just for pleasure or healing for her. She must have your blood to live. Food will do nothing for her, it will have no taste and may even make her sick. It will be with your blood alone that she will thrive.” I ignore Dare’s ever tightening grip as Archer’s words sink into my head. I had to live off his blood. The one thing he told me I didn’t have to do. I literally had to eat his blood. 
“Every time she feeds from you or you from her in the forty-eight hour time period while she’s changing the bond will grow stronger taking away her ability to disobey you, turn you down when you want her body, or anything else to do with owning her as you had her state in her surrender. She is now completely yours, little brother, heart, body and soul, forever. Just as you asked for.” Archer’s harsh tone doesn’t register, only his words. 
“And if I refuse to….feed from him till The Change is done? Will I stay as I am now? Will I be able to keep my free will?” Even before I am done speaking his head is shaking.
“You won’t be able to refuse. You have to eat. Also I don’t really think it matters, Marnie. You might be able to resist now but what happens when you can’t anymore. Just the little you took earlier left you dependent on him for almost two hours before the effect started to wane. Not to mention the fact you have to keep his mouth away from your neck till then also. Do you think you could do that if he gave you a command, even if he didn’t mean to make it one? Dare tends to speak in commands, how long can you resist them?” He is right. Dare didn’t ask for anything, he demanded it. 
The growing pain in my arm finally registers in my head and tears begin to prick my eyes. I look up to his face and am astonished by his expression. Dare was no longer in control. It wasn’t like last night, it was as if every emotion he was experiencing was flitting across his face and for Dare to show any real emotion was rare. He was always guarded with what he showed others. When pride and then satisfaction roll quickly over his expression before moving on to regret. I completely loose it.
He did this to me! I have to drink his blood to live and he is satisfied with that? Proud of it? Oh, no, he doesn’t get to be happy about this when I am completely destroyed. He got power and I get to obey him!
“Let me go.” It comes out strong and demanding. His grip tightens. I gasp and against my will a tear falls down my cheek. I whip at it furiously and try to pull away from him. He doesn’t let me. Cash shifts forward as if he is going to intervene but Archer stops him. “Dare, you are hurting me. Haven’t you hurt me enough in the past twenty-four hours? Now let me go!” I scream. His surprised look turns quickly to anger but he does drop his hands. I jump to my feet taking several steps away from him.
“I have not hurt you, Marnie.” He leans forward resting his elbows on his knees giving me that cold hard stare of his. His control was back in place.
“Not physically, no. But you can’t possibly believe what Archer just said doesn’t hurt me? You tortured me into that surrender. I was only giving you the answers that you kept demanding of me when I said that. At that time I would have given you everything to make you stop playing with me like you were and now I realize I have! In that moment of weakness I gave you complete control over me, not for a few hours but for the rest of my life! And from what you have said it will be a very long life! I asked you if I would have to take your blood to live and you assured me I didn’t.” Wound up in my anger I begin gesturing wildly with my hands as I yell. 
“‘Only during sex’ you said, ‘only to heal’ you said. ‘My choice, always,’ you said. ‘It will be fine Marnie’ you said. It’s not fine Dare! This is so far from fine I can’t even begin to tell you how I feel about it. Oh wait, even if I wanted to tell you I couldn’t because it may go against what you want. Because I have to have free will to be able to argue with you, to be able to tell you what I think and feel and you have taken that away from me! I can’t even have a thought that disobeys you! So yes, dammit, you have hurt me! At least when Uncle hit me I saw it coming!” He jumps to his feet and stalks towards me, his eyes hard.
“Do not compare me to that human.” He bellows the words, his temper well beyond the quiet deadly whisper. I should have been afraid of him, I should have run. I didn’t. I slap him hard across the face before raising my knee to hit him perfectly in the groin. He lets out a grunt and doubles over with his hands on his knees taking deep breaths.
“At least for the moment I’m still able to show you how I feel about what you’ve done. Now before you are able to command me to be happy about this I need to get out of this damn room and far away from you. Cash will you please escort me outside?” Cash stands with a grin. I turn and march to the kitchen, where I grab the brownies, before storming from the room barefoot. I needed away from him before I found a way to kill us both.

Chapter Twelve


“You deserve so much more than that.” Fin growls out as I try to catch my breath. For a little woman she had a powerful right knee. I happened to agree with him. It is the only reason I didn’t move and let her lash out at me. It would have taken nothing for me to move out of her way but like Fin said, I deserved so much more than a slap to the face and a knee to the balls. Would she ever forgive me for this? I didn’t know what I was doing, that had to count for something, right?
“Dare, what were you thinking making her surrender twice? You already had her, what was the point?” The point was she challenged me. It was stupid, childish and irrational but I wanted to show her I wasn’t challenged without consequences. I needed to be in control, always. I sure was now, wasn’t I? I had never wanted to control her this way. I like her fight, her bravery, her courage, her spunk. I liked she had stood up to me and now I have taken it away from her. If I was her I would have kicked my ass too. Finally able to control my breathing I sit on the couch silently. I didn’t feel like answering questions right now. I needed to sort this out in my head. The fact she just left with the brother she feared more than anyone else in the room was not sitting well with me. 
“Dare?” Fin asks again since I hadn’t answered him. I shake my head and rub my face with my hands. He exhales loudly in exasperation then turns to ask Archer something I completely ignore. 
Why would she want to leave with Cash? After all the drama of earlier and she asked him to show her outside. I could have taken her outside then left her alone to think. Fin had made her laugh, she had talked to him about things she hadn’t told me but it was Cash she chose to take her outside. 
To take her away from me. 
Why was this bothering me so much? He was my brother, she was fine with him. Still, I want to go find her, need to go get her, she belongs with me. A growl leaves my throat. Standing I proceed towards the door, my mind set, she was coming back, now.
“Sit down, Dare.” The power behind Archer’s voice stops me cold. I fight as my body turns and resumes my position on the couch. I glare at him. “She needs time to think. Leave her be. Cash won’t hurt her, if you were thinking properly you would know that.”
“I’m not thinking properly?” Of course I wasn’t but I didn’t want to hear it from him. He had said quite enough already. 
“No, your body is changing just as hers is. It has you feeling out of control and possessive, not that you won’t still be possessive after tomorrow night. It’s just more so when your mind knows she needs your blood more right now than she will later. I didn’t explain this because I could see she’d had enough. Her body is going to crave your blood and your bite forever but till tomorrow night it is going to more often because of the things happening to her genetic make-up. She needs the blood to change, Dare. If I would have known about this I never would have called the meeting this morning. She needs to feed every couple of hours if not more and with every time she bites you I suggest you do the same. You aren’t dependent on her blood like she is yours but until tomorrow night you will need it, crave it. After then it’s up to you. It might take another day or two after The Change is complete before her body settles on a schedule of when she needs you. Expect three times a day if not four once that happens. You will need to be available to her, Dare. You can’t take off hunting and leave her without a way of eating unless you find a way to store your blood for her use when you aren’t here. Freeze it, maybe? Dare popsicles.” He chuckles at the idea. I don’t. 
“This is going to sound very male of me but it is not meant that way. Is sex required during any of this?” All four of them burst into laughter. Yes, it sounded like I was wanting it but in actuality I wanted to know so I could give her time if she needed it. If what he says is true and I have taken all her choices away from her I didn’t want her having sex with me while I knew she was upset. It would only piss her off more in the end. A pissed off mate was bad, a pissed off mate that could kill us both with one shot was worse. Her immortality wasn’t final till tomorrow night. I didn’t need to push her over any edges till she cooled off and accepted this. I had a feeling that would take a long time.
“No. The Claiming is done. The Binding is done. Sex is no longer a requirement for The Change to finish, as far as I know. You should give her time to adjust before demanding her to sleep with you.” The disgust in his voice is not missed. 
“I didn’t demand anything from her she didn’t want at the time. You would never understand even if I tried to explain.” I huff.
“Try us. You aren’t the only one who fights with control issues, Dare.” I scan the room to see the serious nods of my brothers. Fin looks away with a set to his jaw that I’d worry about later, right now I had my own issues.
“Fine.” I lay my head back on the couch and close my eyes then proceed to tell them exactly what happened last night. To my surprise this starts a discussion of similar occasions with them. I wasn’t the only Beyers Brother who liked to restrain and please my women. I never knew this. After today I would forget I knew it. But it was nice to know they didn’t think I was a complete asshole.
Shortly after our talk the boys leave me alone to my thoughts. As I often did when I was feeling out of control, I went to the room I had set up as a studio and began to sketch. Halfway through the first one I realized I was drawing Marnie. Her thin face, cute little nose, plump lips and intelligent but sad eyes. She was beautiful. I try to keep myself busy while I wait on her return, however my mind keeps running away with me. From The Binding to her with Cash, it swings back and forth like a pendulum. 
If I would have known what I was doing I never would have forced her to say the words. I was selfish and she was paying for it. I knew her dislike of drinking blood and now I have forced her to live on it. I knew her fears of being controlled by men. Her uncle made her feel helpless for so many years. She’d finally taken her life back when he died only to have me take it away again. 
She was right when she compared me to her uncle earlier. I was no better than he was. He controlled her with his fists, where I would control her with my words and my blood. I make a promise to myself to let her feed as often as she needs but to stay away the rest of the time to let her get comfortable with the idea of all this. If I’m not around her I can’t accidently demand she do something. 
Several hours pass and I force myself to remain in my room sketching. I hear the door when it opens and Cash’s voice telling her goodbye. Still, I stay in my place. I left the door open so she would see me when she walked by. She pauses momentarily without looking in. In her hands are several shopping bags.
“I will be in the shower.” With that flat statement she continues down the hall without a single glance to me. After a quick detour to our room, where I imagine she drops off her bags, I hear her shut and lock the bathroom door behind her before the water turns on. I constrain myself to remain where I am when sobs float to me over the running water. Each one like a dagger to my heart. I can feel her depression inside me. I was nervous, edgy, anxious and scared. Some of this was me but most was her. 
I could also tell she was hungry. A clawing need that wasn’t mine was steadily growing more desperate inside me. A sensation I’d felt earlier today but didn’t know what was till it was gone and she was full. I grit my teeth and turn back to my sketch. I would give her till tonight to come to me. If she doesn’t then I will go to her.

****

After my shower I put on the new pajamas Cash took me to buy. He asked why I didn’t have shoes on and when I explained Dare was supposed to take me shopping today because no one had clothes to fit me he had taken me immediately to a small shopping center not far away and gave me his credit card. I tried to refuse but he wouldn’t take no for an answer. So I ended up buying three new outfits, a pair of shoes, a pajama set to sleep in and some blessed underwear. I think I was happiest with the bra and panties than I was the clothes and shoes. He had graciously waited a distance away while I shopped, lessening the embarrassment of buying underthings with a strange man. It was still pretty funny watching him stand at the edge of the lingerie section trying his best to ignore the clothing and the women who were openly staring at him. Some were even brave enough to hit on him. He politely smiled and turned them down gently. He looked scary but he was generally a nice guy.
After shopping he drove down the beach on the way home. It was gorgeous. However, the growing ache in my belly and the irritation and anger I knew wasn’t mine kept me from enjoying it. I hadn’t realized how much my stomach hurt till he made me drink earlier. Now I realized what the clawing need was…is. I am hungry. Just the thought makes me want to vomit. I was hoping the warm water of the shower would help the pain that is building, it didn’t. Ignoring Dare in the other room I curl up in our bed and try to go to sleep. It is still fairly early, only seven, but if I could sleep I might not think about my need for him. 
The longer I lay here listening to the silence, the better my hearing becomes. For instance, it isn’t silent. I can hear him in the room next door. The paper rustling when he changes pages, the pencil scraping across the pad as he draws, his foot tapping in aggravation that I feel inside me. I swear I can hear his heart pumping the blood through his body. The swish-swish-swish of it rushing through his veins makes my stomach clinch with pain. 
I curl tighter covering my ears with my hands and burying my head in his pillow. That only makes me believe I can smell him, woods, man, cinnamon and power. My mouth waters with need. I groan inwardly with the agony and wonder how long I can take this torture?
Archer said it wouldn’t matter if I tried to resist, Dare would make me eat anyway. I had no doubts he would but if I could hold off as long as possible maybe I would be able to keep some of my free will. If the need to obey him was stronger after I fed I just wouldn’t feed. If I didn’t take his blood then I could maybe resist any command he gave me. I couldn’t remember if Archer said he needed my blood or not but I was determined even if he bit me, I wasn’t biting him. Just as he needed his precious control I needed my free will. 
I needed to be able to argue with him when I didn’t think something was right, when I didn’t agree with his opinion. All I had ever had was my quiet defiance against Uncle, my freedom to escape in my mind away from the pain. I didn’t like going there now because it reminded me of him, of loneliness, of sorrow, of pain. Although I still use it when I find I need to escape my fears. Would he take that away from me to?
His blood was closer, it was louder, the smell stronger, it was calling to me. I clinch my teeth together and bury my head deeper in the pillows. The locked nob jiggles followed by a loud sigh from Dare. In a matter of seconds he has it open. I don’t look up but can hear his footsteps stop at the edge of the bed. The mattress dips when he sits behind me. I flinch when his hand lands on the arm he had squeezed so tightly. The bruise was almost gone but still dark enough to notice in the low light from the lamp. His finger traces his hand print.
“I didn’t realize I was holding you so tightly. I am sorry.” I nod my head in acceptance. “I can feel how hungry you are. Please let me feed you.” His soft tone and the fact he asked startles me. 
“No. I’m fine.” It’s spit out forcefully and with determination.
“I do not want to force this. I know what you must think but I didn’t want to be able to control you this way, Parvulum. Please don’t make me demand this of you. I don’t want to make it any harder on you than it already is.”
“Then leave.” He smells too good. The rush of blood under his skin is too loud. My stomach cramps in desperate need of his life-force. If he stayed much longer I would break and take what he is offering.
“I need you, Marnie.” His soft desperate plea pulls at my heart. No, I couldn’t let him win again. I had already given him everything by letting him manipulate me. I unbutton the first three buttons on my shirt and pull the collar aside. If he needed my blood he could have it but I didn’t need his.
“Then take what you need. I said I was fine.” He strikes from behind without warning taking long deep pulls from me. I fight the urge to grab his arm and pull it to my mouth. I grit my teeth and breathe deeply through my mouth as he enjoys his meal. The longer he drinks the sleepier I become. He pulls away leaving me truly surprised when he stands and leaves the room.
“When you need me, come to me. I’ll be waiting.” The door shuts behind him and the lock snicks back into place. He hadn’t forced me to eat. He also hadn’t pressed the issue that he was very hard. The amount of times he has taken my blood without relief today must be driving him crazy.
“I hope that hard-on hurts.” I mutter under my breath and hear a deep chuckle from the room next door. There is no way he heard me, is there? He said they had good hearing, but that good? “Can you hear me?” I whisper in the same tone.
“Yes, Marnie. I told you we had excellent hearing. Yours seems to be getting better for you to hear me.” A little bit of the tension leaves me and I wonder if that is his doings or mine? 
“Can I ask you something?” I raise my voice back to normal and close my eyes on a yawn.
“What would you like to know?” His soft voice flits through the room relaxing me further.
“What does Parvulum mean?” His rich laugh echoes loudly around me. A smile twitches my lips, the first since Archer told us his secret.
“It is Latin for ‘little one’.” Oh, well that’s kind of sweet. I had no idea what I expected but that wasn’t it.
“Thank you.” I whisper sleepily as my eyes close to darkness.
“Good night, Parvulum.” His words whisper through me as I slip into a deep sleep.
*
A deep stabbing pain in my stomach wakes me. My body is covered in sweat, tremors are running through me rapidly, my fangs have descended and are cutting my lip open. I search the bed for Dare but he isn’t here. I moan with another sharp pain and try to remember why I am fighting this. Control over myself. I needed to keep my free will. 
For another thirty minutes I writhe in bed before giving in to the pain. Like a child who knows she is in trouble I drag myself from the bed to find Dare for my punishment because there is no way I believe he will let me just feed after I have rejected him for so long. The anger built up inside me from him tells me that much.
As silently as possible I pad into his room full of beautiful sketches and paintings. He is sitting shirtless at a desk quietly drawing on a pad of paper. He doesn’t acknowledge my entrance but I know he knows I’m there. I stop behind him ready to beg, plead, and promise anything for just a small taste to stop the pain. His hand stops moving but doesn’t lift from his place. Without a word his head tilts giving me access. 
I take the last shaky step, bending close to his skin as I go. I pause momentarily to see if this is a trick, however when he doesn’t move I sink my teeth into his neck. Cinnamon and power course over my tongue. The little sparks of electricity ignite my body on fire and I curl my hands around his shoulders pulling him closer to me. A sharp snap sounds but I ignore it as I take long flowing pulls of his blood. His body jumps in need and my nails dig deeper into his skin holding him still, holding him where I needed him. When I finally pull away, long minutes later, blood drips from where my nails have clawed his skin. I tentatively lean forward and lick the area, sealing the wounds I caused. I hear another snap. I open my eyes to see his pencil laying in pieces on his desk. 
His body is trembling under my hands. The sexual tension in the room is so thick it couldn’t be cut with a knife. My body wants him desperately but I am still too emotionally tied into knots. My brain is screaming at me that I can’t do this, I shouldn’t do this. He bound me to him, I had to live on his blood, forever. Then there is something else telling me I had to. This is what he wants, I needed to do what he wants, I had to do what he wants. 
My hands circle his waist then reach for his button. The warring forces inside me causing my motions to be erratic and jumpy. The button pops lose on a whimper, the zipper drops on a sob, my hand touches him the same time a tear drips to his back. His hand covers mine and pulls it away, slowly laying it on his chest over his heart.
“As much as I want you right now, I will not do this with you upset. I want this to be your choice not forced on you by what you think I want. I never meant to do this to you, Marnie. If you need to eat, then come to me. I will not expect anything more. Go back to bed, Parvulum.” He squeezes my hand then lets it drop. 
I back away from him two steps then turn and run back to our room. I can’t keep the relief from filling me but somewhere in there is also disappointment. Did he not want me anymore? No, I believe he was actually giving me time to deal with this.
“Thank you, Dare.” I whisper quietly as I cuddle down into our bed alone and drift back off to sleep.

****

I hear her whisper but I don’t respond. I couldn’t. It was all I could do to hold myself together, to keep from following her. By the fates, I wanted that woman. I was content to let her continue till I felt the tears hit my back. I couldn’t do that to her. It would have been the same as if I held her down and forced myself on her. That wasn’t me, had never been me, I wasn’t starting now. I might like control but I didn’t like force, not that kind.
I am surprised it took her so long to come to me. I could feel the pain she was in. I knew exactly when it woke her from the sleep I put her into with a small amount of magical to help. I’d been sitting here for hours wondering what exactly to do when she came to me. I planned on making her ask me for what she wanted. Then her strength derailed me. It took everything in her to resist as long as she had, I couldn’t belittle her more by making her beg. She didn’t ask for this, it was my fault. The least I could do is be respectful. 
With that in mind I continue drawing throughout the night. There was no way I could lay beside her and sleep without taking her first. This was going to be a long existence if she kept fighting me. 

Chapter Thirteen


I woke with a small amount of pain but dutifully ignored it. Dare left pissed off for a meeting with his brothers about an hour ago. He yelled at me he would be gone for more than two hours and I needed to eat before he left. I refused. He slammed out of here in a huff but he never demanded me to eat. He did leave a cell phone with his number programed into it on the bar in case I needed to reach him. It wasn’t said ‘in case the pain gets too bad and you need to feed’, but it was implied. I didn’t want to call him. I was desperately trying not to look at that phone. It had been over ten hours since I took his blood last night and I was feeling it. 
I tried eating real food but everything was bland and disgusting. It also made my stomach roll with nausea. It pissed me off to no end. Cash stopped by right after Dare left to check on me. He lectured me on starving myself and I promised to make more brownies if he stopped. I was now pacing in front of the stove waiting on the timer to go off. 
Suddenly a blast of rage and concern fill me where irritation and aggravation have been. Something has Dare in an uproar. That’s the only thing to explain where the feelings were coming from. They certainly weren’t mine. I pace faster through the kitchen eyeing the cell phone on the counter. Should I call to make sure he was alright? I reach for the phone then yank my hand back. Why should I care? He did this to me. He caused this pain, this need to devour him, to obey him, to give myself to him, why should I care what had him upset? The problem was, I did care, a lot, and I didn’t think it had anything to do with The Binding. I had started caring for him the minute I saw him.
“Marnie!” Angie’s voice brings me running to the front room. She is panting and her face is deathly pale.
“What is it?” I ask, quickly running to her.
“The Stroli and Vamps are here. We need to go. Dare had most everyone else evacuated yesterday. We are of the few left. Come on!” She grabs my arm and pulls me toward the door.
“Wait!” I tug from her and run to the kitchen. It wouldn’t do to burn the house down while the men were fighting. I flipped the timer and stove off and don’t even bother to pull the pan from the oven. I run back to her and out the door. We wind through the corridors in what seems like circles with everything looking the same.
“Where are we going?” I shout to her as she gets further ahead of me. The pains in my stomach are shooting through my body with every jarring step. I didn’t know where Dare was or when I’d see him again and it had me terrified. I should have done as he asked this morning. I shouldn’t have been so damn stubborn. 
“There is a chopper waiting for us a mile from here. We are heading to the underground tunnels that will bring us out near the launch pad. Come on, Marnie. Run faster chick-a-dee. You have Patronus blood in you now!” Her steps speed up putting her further ahead of me. I might be changing but it was the blood I was missing. Without Dare’s blood I was weak and unable to keep up with her. She steadily pulls further ahead.
A noise behind me has my head snapping around to see one of those creatures from the woods storming towards me. “Angie!” I scream as I pump my feet faster. It’s no use, the thing has the speed I don’t. His body slams into mine shoving me three quarters of the way down the hall to land hard on my side. I scream in pain when my arm snaps under my weight. My head slams to the floor opening a small gash above my right eye. With me on the floor hurt the creature slows to a more leisurely pace as he stalks closer, a hungry look in his eyes. 
I try to scramble to my feet but the dizziness and the aching in my stomach and arm slow me down. By the time I make it into a standing position the beast is in front of me. His clawed finger catches the single drop of blood running from the small cut above my eye. My body trembles in fear but I refuse to turn my back on him. He draws it to his nose and inhales deeply before licking it clean. His deformed mouth turns up into a grin that makes the large scar over his right eye gape open disturbingly.
“Dare’s mate?” He grumbles out in a low roar that’s hard to understand. Archer’s words from yesterday ring in my head. ‘He is also the weakest, because of you’. ‘Hit the road Jack’ plays somewhere down the corridor, we all ignore it.
“Who is Dare?” I ask innocently. The Stroli actually throws his head back and laughs.
“I smell him in blood.” It takes me a minute to decipher the grunts and roars but when I do my eyes grow wide.
“I smell like someone I don’t know? Damn, I must need a shower bad! Let me go do that.” Screw it, I was out of here. I turn to run. His hand grabs my broken arm causing me to cry out in agony.
“Leave her alone, asshole!” Angie’s enraged voice comes from behind me. He ignores her to bring his face close to my neck and sniffs. His other hand rises and moves the hair off my neck revealing the puncture scars marking me as Dare’s. Thank goodness he couldn’t get to the birthmark.
“Something different about you.” He mutters as he sniffs my neck again. I pull on my arm trying to get him to release it, tears course down my cheeks and I bite my lip against the pain. His grip tightens. With his other hand he runs a clawed finger below my shoulder drawing blood. I catch site of Angie sneaking closer to us, a weird object in her hand. The Stroli is so intent on me he hasn’t paid her a bit of attention. He sniffs the blood dripping down my arm then runs a rough tongue over the wound. I cry out when his spit burns my skin like acid would. I yank again but it’s to no avail. 
“Let me go!” I scream in frustration and try kicking out at him. He swings me around hugging me to his chest and putting his back to Angie. ‘Hit the road Jack’ once again fills the hall, much louder now before it cuts off mid-sentence.
“Bound, not mated.” He grumbles. Suddenly both arms clinch tight around me. He arches his back with a roar. We both drop to the ground in a pile of monster and legs. 
“Come on, hurry!” Angie pulls me up carefully avoiding my broken and burnt arm then drags me down the hall. “He isn’t dead, just tranqed. We have roughly ten minutes before he wakes up and comes after us so haul your ass girl!” I force my feet to move as fast as I can as she drags me along behind her. In a few minute we enter a door with stairs leading down into the damp earth. I follow her into the darkness trying not to bust my ass on stairs I can’t see. More than half way down I stumble pulling Angie with me as we roll the remaining fifteen steps.
“Aw, shit!” Angie screams once we settle at the bottom.
“I’m sorry. Are you hurt?” I search in the dark till I find the lump that is Angie.
“I think my leg’s broke. I’m going to need help. We are almost there, maybe five more minutes till we reach the tunnel to the helipad. Then only three minutes and thirty stairs to the door out.” She grunts out in pain when I help her to her feet. Together we wobble down the onyx underground tunnel till she instructs me to turn. This time she warns me about the stairs and even goes as far as saying, ‘step-up’ at the beginning of each stair. Four steps from the top a roar fills the tunnel. “Faster.”
With as much speed as we can muster we break through the door into the sunlight. The men at the chopper see us coming and run to help. One man grabs me and another Angie. Pain flares through me with every step he takes but the fear of that monster behind us has me staying silent and letting the big brute run with me. He tosses me in the chopper then jumps in himself, climbing in the pilot’s seat. His large helmet covering his features from site. Once Angie is settled and the other man in the co-pilot chair we lift off leaving Texas behind.
“Angie, where are they taking us?” She is bent over messing with her leg. She grunts out as she resets the bone then sighs with relief. 
“Give me a few minutes for this to re-heal enough to move it then I’ll look at your arm. How fast do you heal? Your change isn’t complete till tonight right?” Her head is back and her eyes are closed as she speaks.
“Yes, midnight. I have rarely been hurt since we mated so I don’t know. The burn isn’t going away yet and my arm is killing me.” She nods.
“Good, if it doesn’t heal too fast I might not have to break it again. We are on our way to Florida. It’s where the new compound will be. I was so stunned when Jack told me it wasn’t going to be California. Do you know why Dare changed his mind?” I turn my head to look out the window, a blush creeping up my neck.
“I may have mentioned I would like to see Florida when he asked where I wanted to live.” I shrug with the admission. Angie’s giggle prompts a small smile to tug on my lips before the pain takes it away. ‘Hit the road Jack’ blares from the cell phone in Angie’s hand making me laugh.
“Hello?....Yeah, hold on. It’s Dare.” She holds the phone out to me. I take it tentatively knowing he was going to be pissed. Deadly whisper pissed or uncontrolled rise of the voice pissed I wasn’t sure but he wasn’t going to be happy. I was hoping for the whisper, he was still in control with the whisper. The other, not so much. I had only heard that one once, yesterday when he was yelling at Archer.
“Hello, Dare.” I say in a much too cheerful voice.
“Don’t give me that shit! What happened to your arm?” Uncontrolled rise of the voice pissed. Not good.
“A Stroli broke it, cut it, then licked it. I’m fine, Dare, I’ll heal.” I try to sound reassuring but don’t quite pull it off through my gritted teeth. It didn’t feel like it was healing, it felt worse than when it broke.
“You refused to eat.” He growls low with barely contained rage. “It will not get better till you do. Archer forgot to add that little morsel of information yesterday. Your abilities only work if you keep a fresh supply of my blood inside you.” He sighs heavily on the other end. A muffled voice can be heard behind him then a scream of some kind.
“Dare what’s happening?!” I holler terrified.
“A Vamp who thought I was distracted. No big deal, he’s dead. I don’t know when I will be able to reach you. If the pain gets too bad have Angie put you to sleep. This is not a request. You have put yourself in danger with your stubbornness and I am tired of this game.” He grunts, breathes rapidly like he was exerting himself, then returns to normal with another scream in the background. Good Lord, the man was fighting while he lectured me on the phone! “If you refuse when I get to you I will force you, Marnie. So you better think long and hard on what you want to do.” The line goes dead. I shudder with his threat as I hand the phone back to Angie.
“He mad?” I nod. “What did the Stroli mean ‘Bound, not mated’?” I avert my eyes outside the window. Archer has forbidden me from telling her. I shrug. “Marnie? What did he mean? I have never heard it put that way before.” I glance at the two pilots then back to her.
“If you want to know, ask Archer. He is the only one who can answer you.” Her eyes widen as she catches my meaning. He hadn’t used force when he said I couldn’t tell her but I’m sure he would have if he thought I would disobey him. Nevertheless, the excuse works and she drops the question. 
After a few more minutes she checks on my wounds, binding my arm to my chest after taking care of the burn and cut above my eye. She offers me pain meds which had been restocked after Dare’s use of the Morp on me. I turn them down. I could deal with pain, I had for years. I don’t know how many bones Uncle broke that had never been tended to by a doctor but there were a lot. 
I didn’t want to be drugged when faced with Dare’s threat. I needed to be completely sane when he came for me. Any drug in my system would weaken my resistance and make me unable to fight his hold over me. As angry as he was I’m sure he would not think twice about commanding me to do anything he wanted to teach me a lesson. I can’t let that happen.

****

It takes almost six hours to clear out all my people. I sent Archer to evacuate the women and children yesterday so only a skeletal crew had been left when the attack came. Marine and Angie were the only two women remaining in the compound. Angie because she refused to leave Jack and she was the only doctor left onsite. If anyone needed medical attention she was there to take care of it. We heal rapidly but some things need help, like resetting bones and plugging of major arteries to give us time to heal without bleeding out, it wouldn’t kill us but too many Patronus were needed to replenish someone’s entire blood supply to take the chance of weakening the already small crew. Marnie had stayed because she needed to be near me. Not that she had taken advantage of this. I pleaded with her this morning to drink from me but she stubbornly refused. Now it has been over sixteen hours and I could feel how much pain the woman was in and it would take at least two hours to reach her. Hopping on the last chopper out of here I grab my phone and dial Angie.
“Hello?” Moaning and a raspy babbling can be heard in the background immediately.
“He’s coming. Furious, will be. Can’t show weak. Can’t…..ugh…”
“Is that Marnie?” I ask on a breath.
“Um, yes.” She sounds edgy and distracted. 
“Drug her, Angie.” I demand.
“She won’t let me. I don’t even think it’s her arm bothering her, which hasn’t healed at all by the way. Dare, I’m worried. She’s holding her stomach and screaming in pain but she won’t let me look at her, draw blood or take x-rays. She keeps babbling incoherently to people who aren’t here. She’s scaring me.” By the time she finishes her voice is hysterical and Marnie’s moaning is worse.
“You said I’d have a good destiny. You lied. I still hurt. You said I wouldn’t hurt when I found him….arrrgg!” What or who she was babbling to I didn’t know, but I did know I was in agony therefore so was she.
“Dammit Angie, drug her, now. I know what’s wrong and you can’t fix it till I get there. We are just now leaving the compound, it will be two hours before I can help her. Now give her something to knock her out!” I believe this is the first time I have ever raised my voice to Angie in the hundred years I’ve known her.
“Okay, hold on.” I hear the phone hit the table then Marnie’s voice can be heard in the background.
“No, Angie. Please don’t do this. I have to be able to protect myself. He’s coming for me. I can’t be weak and helpless again. Please! Noooo!” Marnie’s sobs tear at me but there is no reason for her to suffer for two more hours when she can sleep it off. My words telling her I wouldn’t drug her against her will again flit through my mind along with her reason. 
‘My Uncle used to drug me at night after a bad beating to keep my sobs quiet so he could sleep.’ 
This was different. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to hear her, I didn’t want her to suffer.
“It’s done.” Tears can be heard in her voice.
“Thank you. You did the right thing. She is one stubborn woman but putting herself in pain for no reason won’t be tolerated. We’ll be there soon.” I try to placate her with excuses she doesn’t buy.
“I hope you’re right. I really like her and would hate if this screwed things up. When she was rambling earlier to no one in particular she was talking about her Uncle drugging her then beating her while she was unconscious. She is terrified of drugs, Dare. This is the third time you have drugged her against her will and this time you used me to do it. I hope you know what you just did. See you soon.” The line dies on a sob.
I let my hands drop between my legs and lean back in the seat, laying my head back and closing my eyes. Yeah, I hope I knew what I was doing also. I told her I wouldn’t drug her. She begged me not to do it again. But was putting her mental fears first worth the suffering she was under physically? I didn’t believe so. However, I don’t know if she will see it that way. 
The tremendous pain in my gut subsides slightly letting me know the meds were working and she was at least more comfortable. However now that I was sitting still I realize not just my gut and arm are in pain. My entire body is on fire and it’s roaring her name. It’s been too long since I was last with her, touched her, tasted her. I needed Marnie in every way a man needed a woman.
“Problems?” Archer’s humored voice has me cracking one eye to glare at him but other than that I don’t move. I hurt too bad and I couldn’t be drugged. 
“Yes. It’s called a having mate.” My brothers chuckle. This was the last chopper to leave and it held just us six and the pilot, Chuck. Fin was in the co-pilot seat helping out. We all knew how to fly but he brought the chopper back to get us so we let him fly it. We were all exhausted from the fight anyway.
“Did Angie give her something to calm her down?” Cash asks through gritted teeth. I nod. “How long has it been, Dare?”
“By the time we get to her, eighteen hours.” I close my eyes to their outraged responses. I didn’t need them to tell me how stupid I had been. 
“Why the hell has it been so long?” Cash irately screams.
“I told you every two hours. If you were taking care of her she should only be at nine at the most.” Archer bellows.
“Why the hell didn’t you feed the woman before our meeting?” This was Emmitt. I hold my hand up stopping the other two.
“Enough. I was trying to be nice. She refused to eat. I didn’t want to demand her to do it and take away more of her choices. I have done enough of that lately. I thought I would be gone two hours so I let her refusal slide. Of course had I known they would attack so quickly I would have just made her eat and been done with it. So stop yelling at me. She doesn’t have a choice anymore. This won’t happen again. It hurts like a son of a bitch.” My arms wrap around my middle, pressing to the ache hoping to lessen the pain. It doesn’t work.
“Good.” Cash growls in satisfaction at my agony.
“She will be feeling twice what you are if that puts anything into perspective for you.” Archer says quietly.
“And what’s that supposed to mean?” I open my eyes and sit up ready for a fight.
“It means I could hear her screaming for Angie not to drug her. The woman knows how much pain she can handle and if she asked not to be drugged when she was in such obvious pain you should have let her have that.” He sighs out in frustration.
“Damn, Archer. I never realized that nothing I did pleased you before. Since I found Marnie everything I have done gets me a lecture from you.” It was dripping with sarcasm but completely true.
“Then stop fucking up so damn much.” He hollers getting in my face.
“And how exactly do I do that? If I force her to eat, I’m a commanding asshole. If I force her pain to go away, I’m an overbearing jerk. Everything about Marnie is a contradiction of what I would normally do. My instincts tell me to take the choice away from her but that’s what got me in this to begin with! I am trying Archer. If you think you can do it better then please tell me what to do next. I know, maybe I will come to you every two hours and let you force her to drink. You seem to be using that little power a lot lately.” I holler right back at him. I was tired of him telling me what the hell to do with my mate. If I was fucking up then it was my business.
“Enough. Fighting with Archer isn’t helping Marnie. We know you’re upset and hurting but screaming at each other won’t cure this. Sit back and relax till we get there. You’ll be with her soon.” Bane, the voice of reason? Since when? That was normally my job in this little group. Exactly when did I lose it? 
“Fine.” I lean back once more and close my eyes. “Hey Chuck! I’ll owe you one if you get us there in less than two hours.” Chuck turns in his seat and grins.
“You got it.” The chopper speeds up exponentially as I drift into sleep.
*
One hour and twenty-seven minutes later we touch down at the temporary safe houses in Florida. I pat Chuck on the shoulder as I jump out. “Let me know when and what. Thanks for the ride.” He chuckles as I disappear out of site. 
I search for Angie in the neighborhood the Fairies had constructed for us while they moved the compound from Texas to Southern Florida. It was going to take at least another day before that move would be complete so until then we stayed in groups in the houses here. I find her a few minutes later standing in the doorway of a large brick home. Speeding up my steps I practically run to her in my need to reach Marnie.
“How is she?” It is my only thought.
“Still asleep. I didn’t realize you would be here so quickly. I gave her enough morphine to knock her out for about four hours.” She wrings her hands nervously.
“Morphine? That’s a human drug. Why not give her the Morp?” I follow her into the house to a front room with a large picture window.
“She is still changing, Dare. I have never given Morp to a mate who was changing, you know this. She is already very weak. I didn’t want the Morp to distress her the same way and her not be able to fight off the dreams. I don’t have my equipment, we can’t help her here.” She motions to the room as if I needed a visual of where we are.
“Is the Morphine strong enough to take the pain from her or just put her to sleep?”
“In a human, both. In a Patronus, neither. In her, I have no idea! She did succumb to sleep immediately but the pain…” She shrugs while looking back down a hallway.
“Where?” I bite out not liking the news.
“Last door on the left is mine and Jacks room. I don’t have an office here.” Before she is done I am halfway down the hallway. “Where can I find Archer?” She hollers before I can turn into the room.
“My guess, wherever his home is. He needed a shower.” Ignoring her ‘thanks’ I enter the room to find Marnie curled on her side moaning in her sleep. If the pain in my gut was twice as bad in hers then the drugs only made it possible for her to suffer in her sleep instead of out loud. All I did was shut up her complaints by drugging her. I curse under my breath and crawl in the bed behind her desperate to stop her pain.
Letting one fang drop I slice my wrist and let the blood pool there before pressing it to her lips. It has been way to long since I have been inside her and if I let her feed from my neck I would take her. I had no doubt about that. We were in Jack and Angie’s bed and I didn’t think that would be received very well by them. Also she needed to heal before I could have my way with her. She wanted to be childish, I’d treat her as such.
It takes only a moment before her fangs drop low into my arm and she begins to take frenzied pulls from me. A minute later her hand comes up to hold me in place a little too tightly. I try to pull back slightly to loosen her hold. This causes a feral growl from her and her jaws lock down tighter tearing at the skin.
I resign myself to the fact she was starving and let her have her way. Lying behind her staring at her neck wasn’t the best idea I have ever had. I watch her pulse beat rapidly, hear the swishing in her veins. I try to close my eyes and ignore it. It doesn’t work. Against my will my fangs drop and sink into her skin before I can convince myself this is a very bad idea. Brown sugar and vanilla burst over my tongue with a hint of something sour lacing it. That must be the Morphine. It’s a flavor I have never tasted before and after tonight never wanted to taste again. Nevertheless I drink my fill while she eventually slows to a leisurely rate. The pain in my gut and arm dissipates. A few minutes later her hand falls away and my wrist drops from her mouth. She was still sound asleep.
I shake my head with a chuckle before standing to pull her into my arms. I wanted her in my bed when she woke. I had plans for her. I wobble with dizziness as I make my way down the hall. What the hell? I stumble to the front room then lean against the wall to let the dizziness settle. Flecks of light begin to dance in my vision causing me to blink rapidly.
“Did you drink from her?” I turn my head to see a very pissed off Angie sitting rigidly on the couch.
“Yes.” I press hard on the wall trying to stay upright. She shakes her head. At least I think she does. My vision is becoming blurry.
“Morphine wouldn’t normally influence you but seeing’s how I talked to Archer and he decided to trust me with the truth of what you did to her, then I have to say because your change isn’t complete the drugs are playing havoc in your system right now.” She sounds almost satisfied with the idea of me being left helpless. I couldn’t really blame her if Archer explained to her fully what I had done to her friend. 
“Archer told you?” I couldn’t wrap my head around that. He had told Marnie distinctly not to tell Angie.
“The reason the Stroli licked her arm was because he smelled something different about her. After he tasted her blood he said ‘bound, not mated’. She told me I had to ask Archer what that meant. I did. He told me the truth then asked if I knew a way to store your blood in case this happened again or you had to leave for a hunt. It really pisses me off I didn’t know this before you sent me to get her when the attack happened because I have blood from all six of you stored in my lab. I could have helped her if I had known to take yours with me.” Angie had a small temper that didn’t show often. It was showing now in the heated look she gives me.
“Why do you have our blood and how the hell did you get it?” I don’t remember her ever taking blood from me. 
“I take a bag full every time one of you are seriously hurt. If you get hurt and you are the only brother at the compound your brother’s blood will heal you faster than any of our blood will. I keep it on hand for that reason.” I nod, we knew that but I didn’t realize Angie did.
“It was Archer’s decision to keep it quiet not ours. Did you kill the Stroli who knows?” This could be bad, very bad.
“No. I only had a tranquillizer gun in my office and didn’t stop for another weapon. I knocked him out while we got away. It was the best I could do. So if you guys didn’t kill him then he is out there and he knows your secret.” Her voice trembles with the words. It would probably scare me too if I wasn’t so damn dizzy. I try to push off the wall but end up sliding down it instead. “Your brothers will be here in a minute. I texted Cash. Just sit still, they’ll get you home. In the morning, once The Change is complete, I’ll draw blood from you. I don’t want to take any till you both are stable in The Change and risk you not having what she needs or something being different in the blood after The Change is done. Keep your fangs to yourself when she eats then call me thirty minutes later and I’ll come take what you can stand to do without.” As soon as she finishes speaking the door opens admitting Cash, Emmitt and Fin. Cash takes Marnie from my arms immediately. I try to fight him but my arms won’t grip her. Emmitt and Fin haul me up and throw an arm around each shoulder then drag me from the house.
“Thanks for taking care of her Angie and I promise to keep myself in check tomorrow morning just for you.” I mumble out as they take me away. It’s the last thing I remember before darkness completely clouds my vision. 

Chapter Fourteen


The first thing I notice when I wake is most of the pain is gone. The second is I’m lying on top of Dare, my head resting on his shoulder, my face nuzzled in the crook of his neck, my chest on his chest and my legs partially wrapped around his waist, only the bed stopping them from circling him completely. Third is the rhythmic thump-thump of his heart beat and the pulsing vein in his neck only an inch away from my lips. My mouth waters, my stomach grumbles and I unconsciously move closer to his neck. 
He doesn’t wake when I sink my teeth into his flesh. I drink quickly and only enough to satiate the hunger then reluctantly pull back. I sigh in relief when I realize he is still asleep. There was a bitter edge to his blood that has never been there before that leaves an aftertaste in my mouth. I carefully disentangle from him, leaving him alone in the bed.
I stop when I realize this isn’t the room I fell asleep in. No, I didn’t fall asleep, Angie drugged me on Dare’s orders. I shoot him a glare then take in the room. It was barely furnished just as his suite in Texas had been. A queen size bed and a dresser with a mirror attached and a digital clock resting on its surface are the only things here. The desk, chair, nightstand and lamp are missing and the rest are not the same as in the old room. This bed isn’t a king, meaning his feet hang over the end of the footboard. If I wasn’t so pissed and had to pee so bad I might have laughed at the way he was laying half on and half off the mattress. 
I sneak out of the room on tip-toe not wanting to face him yet and go in search of a bathroom. Finding it at the end of the hall I enter and lock the door behind me. I remove the sling from my healed arm and wiggle it a bit to make sure all the pain was gone. The only way this would have healed is if he fed me. I don’t remember biting him or him moving me. I wonder how he forced me to drink in my drug induced hell. That I remember very well. 
The drugs made me sleep but the pain was horrible. They took away my ability to fight and left me unable to move or respond to the horror, effectively locking me into an agony filled nightmare. I’m not sure when it had let up then left completely but I do remember thinking it was about time the drugs started to work. Maybe it hadn’t been the drugs but Dare that made the pain go away.
After I finish my business I pause in front of our door but can’t make myself reenter it. Voices down the hall draw my attention and I chicken out, turning towards the men’s laughter instead of my pissed mate. I might fear men but right now they were preferable to him. Even in his sleep I could feel his anger. 
I creep silently down the hall before peeking around the corner to see who exactly was in the room. A couch and recliner sit in front of a large screen TV. Cash and Fin are both kicked back enjoying what looks like America’s Funniest Home Video’s on the television. Some idiot jumps off a roof to land on a board nailing his gonads, both men cringe and moan out with their laughter. How can that be both painful and funny to them? I shake my head and slip into the kitchen behind me.
I wanted something to remove this after taste from my mouth. I open a Coke then take a long swig. It’s wet but has no taste at all, not helping out in the least. I slam the can on the counter and grab a grape soda, still nothing. Orange juice, milk, and a shot of whiskey later and still the aftertaste remains and nothing else has a taste. 
My stomach turns violently causing me to streak past Cash who was leaning against the wall watching me with amused interest. I hit the bathroom and slide to the toilet on my knees losing everything I just drank. Someone pulls my hair back for me but I can’t stop to see who. Not until all the contents of my stomach are empty, including the blood I had taken from Dare which makes the aftertaste even worse, does the heaving stop, allowing me to slump to the floor in exhaustion. I crack my eyes open as someone lifts me into their arms. 
Cash. 
Had he been the one holding my hair? How embarrassing. I close my eyes and pretend he isn’t there. I’m just floating on my own. He stops and my lids pop open. He was taking me back to Dare.
“No!” I push on his chest trying to get him to release me. I couldn’t face him yet. I couldn’t take him yelling at me right now, I felt too bad. “Please Cash, not in there. He is going to be so mad at me when he wakes up. Please, take me to the front room or put me down so I can walk there myself.” His eyes bore into me for a long beat before he nods sharply and turns toward the front room.
“Why were you drinking everything in the kitchen?” He asks as he walks. I sigh.
“I bit him while he was sleeping. I hoped maybe he wouldn’t wake up and I could get a small drink before he refused me out of anger. I hate having to go to him for food. I want to be able to eat whenever I want and not him. For some reason this time his blood didn’t taste right. It left a bitter aftertaste. I was trying to get rid of it but nothing has a taste.” I sigh and lay my head on his chest. 
It feels wrong, he feels wrong. He was just as ripped as Dare was but it was in a different way. He smelt of smoke instead of woods and his pulse thumped a slow normal rhythm. Dare’s heart raced if he was anywhere near me, holding me like this would have him near stroke level. His arms around me and his chest under my head just weren’t right and it made my insides quiver with need for Dare. I lift my head and wiggle in his arms trying to get down.
“Stop.” I freeze at his cold tone. He bends down and places me on the couch then steps away to lean against the wall. Fin is in the recliner and I was taking the whole couch. I sigh and sit up to lean on the armrest, my feet tucked underneath me. He has just watched me puke, the least I could do is make room for him.
“Please sit.” I request softly. He hesitates but does as I ask. 
“He drank from you. The morphine in your blood knocked him out. That’s probably what you tasted. It should be minimal now and won’t bother you.” I give a mirthless laugh.
“Beings I just lost it all I doubt it will too. Now I will have to ask him when he is awake. Already the pain is returning.” I lay my head on my arms and fight the tears that want to fall.
“You know refusing to eat isn’t the best way to do this, right? You could have really hurt him today. Even gotten both of you killed.” I raise a brow to Fin’s statement. How the hell did I hurt him? He reads the anger in my expression and presses on. “He feels what you feel. We were fighting off the Vamps and Stroli while you and the others escaped. How much of his concentration do you think was on the pain you were feeling and how much was on the fight? Because it matters I will repeat myself, he could have been seriously hurt or even killed with his mind split like that.” I hadn’t thought of it like that. It still didn’t excuse what he did to me.
“So you think I should just give in to him, to this fate he gave me? Do you know how demeaning it is to have to go to him every time I am hungry? He hasn’t made me beg yet but I’m sure it’s coming as soon as I do something wrong, probably tonight. Then after I eat I can’t even decipher my own thoughts from the need to please him in every way. My brain races with what he wants, what he needs, what would make him happy. I can’t even stop myself when I want to. I didn’t want this, Fin. I don’t want this. If it wouldn’t kill him too I’d just go without till I starved to death. If that’s even possible anymore.” I huff out then bury my head in my arms to prevent them from seeing the tears sparkling in my eyes.
“We know it’s a hard fate to follow, Marnie. We also know our brother. He won’t make you do anything you aren’t willing to do. Putting yourself in pain just to avoid facing him isn’t the strong woman we thought you were. The woman who shot at a Stroli to rescue a man she didn’t know. The woman who fought off that asshole in the field and got away. The woman who dealt with an abusive Uncle for over eleven years of your life and survived. You are stronger than this. After The Change finishes tonight you may be able to learn to control the impulses to obey him but if you are weak from not eating you won’t be able to even attempt it. Find another way to show him he doesn’t have complete control over you. Don’t let yourself get to the point you have to go crawling to him on your hands and knees begging. That will show him weakness more than anything.” I let Cash’s words tumble in my head as they hit the mute button and resume watching their show.
I was strong. I had been strong all my life. That was the problem now, he made me feel weak, just like Uncle did. Could Cash be right? If I wait it shows him more weakness than giving in does. He is definitely right about crawling to him. If I had been awake when he arrived I would have jumped on him to find relief from the pain I was in. I could never let it get that bad again. I had to accept this and find another way just like he said. But how? 
I couldn’t stop myself last night even though I had desperately wanted to. If Dare hadn’t have pulled me away and told me ‘no’ I would have slept with him and that had been the last thing I wanted. Yes, my body wanted it but my mind hadn’t. 
Why did he stopped me? He said he wouldn’t force me to do something I didn’t want to do. Exactly as Cash reiterated now. Maybe they were right. Maybe he wouldn’t, but could I stop myself from mauling him if I thought that’s what he needed? Wanted? I wasn’t sure and that’s what scared me. If he didn’t stop me, who would?
My mind goes back to Cash’s words, looping them in my head. Something he said wasn’t making sense to me. How did he known about Dirk and the clearing? Dare saw pieces of it in my dream but surely he didn’t tell his brothers about it? Did he? It takes me almost five minutes to muster the courage to ask during the next commercial.
“Um, Cash? How did you know about the asshole, as you called him?” Both him and Fin avert their eyes. Fin’s face turns red and Cash thrums his fingers on the arm of the couch. “Fin? Cash?” I ask bouncing my gaze off the two. A throat clears in the hallway and I look up to see Emmitt just as red as Fin.
“Dare asked me to look back on the satellite footage of the area. Because we were hunting in that general area I had the satellite footage of the surrounding woods recording so I could study it later. Maybe learn from the enemy’s actions and movements. We watched what happened.” He rubs his neck roughly while keeping his eyes on the floor. They watched it on satellite footage? Satellite? That wasn’t like TV right? It had something to do with body heat. They did not see me naked! Did they?
“As in reds and blacks and whites, right?” Cash shakes his head minutely and my mouth falls open. “In color? Living color?” I ask on a whisper. They all nod. Now even Cash is blushing. 
Oh. My. God! 
They saw me naked. “All of you watched it?” I hiss out. They nod once more. “How much did you watch?” I choke out. No one answers me.
“When you entered with a gun at your back till you fled with the gun in your hands.” This was Archer who steps in the front door where he had obviously been listening. 
“So all six of you saw…..” I wasn’t talking to them, I was mumbling to myself. That didn’t stop Emmitt from answering.
“You naked? Yes, we did. But it wasn’t like we were turned on or anything. It was a sad, horrible moment. We were proud of you for getting away.” That pride showed on his face and in his voice. It didn’t matter. 
They saw me naked!
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?” I ask incredulously while wrapping my arms around myself tightly. 
“Well, yes.” Emmitt says in confusion. I snort. A genius he may be but smart he was not.
“Well it sure as hell does not make me feel one lick better about the fact my brother-n-laws have seen me bare ass naked fighting for my life! All men are the same. Fucking idiots!” I storm from the house into the moonlit night. 
“I’m a genius not an idi…..” The slamming of the door cuts off his words. Emmitt’s confusion would be funny any other time, not tonight. I didn’t know where I was going but I needed time to cool off before facing them again. I already didn’t want to look Dare in the face and apologize for my stubbornness, which I knew I was going to have to do now that they brought my attention to the fact I could have gotten us both killed. But to have to face all six of them knowing they saw that? No, I couldn’t do that right now. 
I spend the next few hours just wandering the streets of the walled in community. I couldn’t get out of it, which was fine, where would I go? I couldn’t get lost, the house I left was the biggest of them all and stood out amongst the smaller brick homes. By the time I return shortly before eleven my legs and feet hurt and I’m fucking hungry again. 
Would this nightmare ever end?

****

I have been pacing the front room for hours waiting for Marnie to return. I wanted to go after her but after my brothers explained the conversation they had with her I take their advice and let her cool off alone. I had called Angie to see if she went there but she said she hadn’t seen her and if she did she would text me. 
An hour before midnight she sends me a text saying Marnie has just passed her house in a daze, but she was fine and looked to be returning home. I could feel her hunger. It has been getting stronger for hours but it wasn’t to the ‘doubled over in agony’ point she has been letting it get to. 
Cash and Fin also told me she felt humiliated and demeaned when she had to come to me for food. Well that was too damn bad. She needed to eat. I would try to make it as painless as possible for her but she would need to get over it. She had to have it and there was nothing we could do about it now. At midnight The Change would be complete in both of us and I needed her here with me, full and sated. However, before that can happen we need to have a talk first. My brothers have gone to bed already giving me the use of the front room. I was less likely to strip her down and spank her ass like the child she was acting like deserved if I was somewhere they could walk in on me. That didn’t mean I wouldn’t do it after we talked because that’s exactly what I have planned. 
I hear her footsteps pause at the front door, her heart rate picks up speed as she debates on whether to enter or turn around. I quickly get comfortable on the couch focusing on the TV which is on but turned down low.
“You can do this. He isn’t Uncle, there is nothing to fear from him. He promised he wouldn’t hurt you.” She mutters under her breath while she stands with her hand on the nob, her shaking making it rattle. Five minute and a long pep talk later she finally turns the nob and walks in, stopping as soon as she sees me. I keep my focus on the TV ignoring her. After a couple beats she slinks in and sits in the recliner across from me, her head bowed in submission, her hands clasped tightly in her lap. She takes a large gulp of air before she reaches over and hits mute on the remote. I slowly turn my head to face her. She doesn’t look up.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to put you in danger because I was being stubborn. I understand I need…” She takes another gulp of air and clinches her eyes shut. I sit waiting to hear where this is going. It wasn’t what I expected and I am shocked to hear the acceptance in her voice. Even more surprising is I could feel it also and it ran deep and final. She has finally made peace with her new lot in life. “your blood to live. It just took some time for it to sink in completely. When I was doubled over screaming for you earlier, I realized exactly what not eating when you offered it meant. There are going to be times you get side tracked and forget about me. I need to take what you offer when you offer it so I am not left in this situation again.” She pauses and I believe she is done. I open my mouth to tell her I could never forget about her but she holds up her hand stalling me.
“Please, Dare. Let me get it all out then you can yell at me.” My eyes widen but I nod in the affirmative. I had planned on talking to her but I hadn’t exactly planned on yelling. It wasn’t my style. I have something else in mind for punishment. 
“I won’t go without again. I won’t put you in danger again. I hate that you did this to me, but that doesn’t stop the fact I care for you. If only to keep you safe I will accept this new fate you have given me. But I’m asking you to not deny me what I need out of control. You already control everything else I do, let me have this. If I have to come to you to live, please show me the respect to give me what I need without making me beg you for it.” Her voice stays strong making me proud of her since her entire body is trembling in fear. I let her sit in silence for a good two minutes before finally speaking.
“Is that all?” She nods weakly, her chin has never left her chest. “Marnie, look at me.” She hesitates and I can see her warring with herself whether or not to obey the command. Slowly her head rises. When she meets my eyes hers widen at what I’m sure is anger and irritation in mine. Her body presses back into the chair as if she could run from me. She can never run from me. I would find her and I would bring her home. 
“I listened to you. Now it is your turn to listen to me. I’m glad you have accepted this, I was worried I would be forcing you to eat for the rest of your life. I want a woman Marnie, not a child and you have been acting like a child. When you do this I will treat you like one. That is going to have to wait though, because I have more to say first.” If at all possible her eyes widened more. Her mouth pops open to argue the point and I do as she did and raise my hands to stop her.
“No, it’s my turn. I will not make you beg for food unless you wait till you are hurting from it. Then you deserve anything I give you and you will do anything I say. Being strong and brave is one thing. Being stubborn and childish is another. I won’t tolerate the child, I do not want a child, I want a mate. When you act like a child I will treat you like one. Do you understand this?” She nods with tears in her eyes that she is desperately trying to hold back. It makes me feel slightly guilty till I remember the pain from earlier. My guilt flees. 
“You purposely put both of us in pain instead of coming to me or taking my blood when I pleaded with you to eat. I will not beg you again. I was trying to be nice and let you deal with this in your own way. That backfired on me the minute the enemy attacked. I will not take a chance of putting you in that situation again. Not only you, but me. I had a battle to fight and most of the time I was worried about you instead of paying attention to what I was doing. It made me weak and out of control and there is nothing more I hate than to feel weakness and not being in control. I will not tolerate your putting either of us in this position again. Even if it means I tie you to the bed and pry your mouth open to make you eat. Do you understand me?” One tear slips from her hold and she quickly wipes it away.
“Yes.” She whispers.
“I never meant to do this. I never got a chance to apologize for it yesterday but I am sorry things worked out this way, but I am not sorry you are mine. And you are mine, Marnie. Heart, body and soul, forever. Just as you said that night, nothing will change that. With that being said, I will try to keep my commands down to a minimum especially immediately after you feed. This will not be easy for me as this is how I have spoken for hundreds of years. I tried being patient with you the last two days, now it’s your turn to be patient with me. If I forget myself and seem to be demanding things of you that aren’t necessarily meant as a demand but more as a question then you have permission to point out I am not being polite. This is something I want you to do, I need you to do, for both of us.” I am hoping wording it this way she will be able to fight The Binding and be able to speak against me. I didn’t want her to jump to everything I said but wasn’t sure how else to fix it. After discussing it with Archer earlier we were hoping this would help.
“I also want to say you have permission to argue any point with me that you disagree with. Even if you believe it isn’t what I want, I need to hear your opinion, Parvulum. Your thoughts matter to me. I know what I think about things but I want to know what you think about them too. I do not want you to lie to me. If that means you disagree with me by speaking the truth then so be it. I need the truth. I want the only truth. Do you think you can give me what I need?” By the fates, I hope this doesn’t piss her off but I knew no other way than to stress I needed it so maybe she could say it. A small smile tugs at her lips and I believe she has caught on to what I am trying to do. She quickly squashes it and nods her head seriously. 
“Good. Now, I have one more thing to ask you but I want an honest answer from you. Can you give me that?” Her brow furrows but she tilts her head. “I want to be inside you when The Change completes, may I make love to you, Parvulum?” Several emotions run across her face as she debates the wisdom of sleeping with me knowing I am still angry with her. 
Smart woman.
“You promised me you wouldn’t hurt me.” Her whisper would be barely audible to most. Anger sizzles through me and she jumps as if I slapped her. “I’m sorry. I know you are still mad at me. I just need the reassurance, that’s all. I know you won’t, I just need to hear it from you one last time. I won’t ask again.” I glare at her for a moment before I decide to give her the truth of my plans.
“I plan on spanking your ass, Marnie.” She flinches but desire flares in her eyes and deep in the pit of my belly before quickly leaving. I had thought she enjoyed it the second time that night, but I hadn’t been sure till now. My member hardens with the thought. “I will not be easy on you but I will not hurt you. Not in the way you are meaning. I need to punish the errant child but I also want to please the woman.” Again desire flares, this time staying there.
“My body wants you, Dare. I can’t deny that. It’s my brain that is screaming at me that no way in hell is this a smart idea on my part.” I smile a wicked grin.
“Then let me change your minds opinion to that of your body’s.” I stand and hold my hand out to her. She hesitates. I drop my hand and squat before her, letting my hands run up her legs to rest on her thighs, my thumb grazing the mark under her jeans. Her body trembles, not in fear. “This is your choice. Do not do it because it is what I want. If you say no, I will let you eat and go to sleep. If you say yes, you are giving me permission to do as I please with you. Think about it. I’ll be in our room when you make up your mind.” She doesn’t move as I stand and walk away.
“Dare!” I stop and look over my shoulder at her. “The Stroli that attacked me knew I was bound to you. He said I was different. I just thought you might need to know.” She is wringing her wrists with her hands, her nervousness showing. She seems to have forgotten I can feel it just as she feels it. Trying to hide her emotions from me was a useless task. 
“Angie told me. She also confronted Archer and he told her the truth. She will be by in the morning to take my blood to store for you if it’s needed.” She sighs in relief but doesn’t stand. I continue to our room quietly. Cash’s head pops out of his room as I pass.
“Remember, we have excellent hearing. The last thing I want to hear tonight is you spanking your mate. Keep it down.” He growls before shutting his door. Music begins to blare from behind it. I continue two doors down from his and enter the room. Retrieving my lighter from my pocket I light the candles I laid out earlier before I strip and crawl into bed to await her decision. 

Chapter Fifteen


I know he is going to make me pay for my actions. The night of The Claiming he showed me what he could do. That’s how we ended up in this mess to begin with. Did I really want to put myself in that situation again? My body is screaming ‘yes!’ My brain is yelling ‘you are a bigger idiot than Uncle said if you go in there now!’ I look to the clock. 
11:22
He wouldn’t have much time to torture me if he wanted to be inside me at 12:05. If I waited out here till midnight do you think he would forego the spanking and torture? No, I think he would just reverse his plan. He was right, I acted like a child but I didn’t believe spanking me was the answer. Nevertheless, he was going to do what he wanted to do if I said yes and I really wanted to say yes. 
I knew in my head that I shouldn’t. That I should punish him for doing this to me. That I should refuse him for as long as possible. Then I think about feeding from him and know I will never make it without mauling him. The act of taking his blood was an aphrodisiac that made my own blood boil with desire for him. It made my body ache for him. And right now I already ached for him, drinking from him would be the final straw and I would be doing exactly what Cash advised me not to. I would end up on my knees begging him to take me. This way I at least had some control over the fact I said yes with a clear mind before I fed and his blood ensnared me to do his will. My mind is still screaming no, but my body wins this round. On trembling legs I rise and head to my fate.
As I pass Cash’s room he sticks his head out, his music is blaring behind him. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want. You know that right? Just eat and go to sleep.” I close my eyes and shake my head.
“You were right. I want him and if I just eat I will be on my knees begging him for it. Saying yes and taking what he gives me will at least be my choice. But thanks for worrying.” I squeeze the hand that is gripping the door to the point his knuckles are white then continue on. His door slams shut and the music gets louder. 
My hearing has become excellent over the course of the day and I am not fooled by the fact there were walls between us and his brothers. They heard that conversation and knew exactly what was about to happen. I grit my teeth and try to ignore the knot in my gut. Four more radios begin to blare when my hand hits the nob. At least they were trying to block it out. I hope it works for them.
I step into the candle lit room then close and lock the door behind me. Dare is sitting on the edge of the bed, his elbows on his knees, completely naked. Slowly I walk to stand in front of him.
“Did your mind or body win the debate?” He asks smugly. I’m sure he heard what I told Cash but he wanted me to submit verbally to him. Again. You’d think we would have learned our lesson the first time.
“My body.” I whisper. He gives a sharp nod before he leans back on his arms on the bed. He was already hard and ready to go.
“Then you are agreeing of your own free will to do as I say, no matter what it is. Correct?” The smug smile turns to a smirk.
“Yes, Dare. You once again have complete control over me.” I say sadly. His smirk fades to a frown.
“Take off your clothes. Slowly.” I oblige by grabbing the hem of my t-shirt and guiding it up my body, over my breasts, then over my head. I let two of my fingers trail behind grazing my skin. His erection jumps when they linger on my breasts. 
Ah-ha!
He might have control but I can torture him just the same. It may not be much but it was something. As the shirt covers my face I smile. Once it is off I drop it in his lap then unbutton my jeans. I let my hands slide under the material and cup myself before pushing both the pants and the undies to the ground, my hands gliding over my skin as they go. He moans quietly. 
The last thing to remove is my bra. It has a front clasp so I slide my hands from the sides to the center plumping my breasts to look bigger than they are before my fingers deftly pop the latch. I let it slide out from under my hands without removing them. I look up to meet his gaze then pinch my nipples hard before straitening my arms to let the bra fall. His eyes grow wide, his tongue darts out wetting his lips, and the shirt in his lap wiggles with his member jumping. I clasp my hands behind my back and wait for his next command. 
“Come closer.” He croaks out. I try to keep the smile hidden knowing it would only piss him off more but it tugs slightly at my lips. I take a step forward. In a quick movement he grabs my arm and pulls me in between his legs. He bends me over his left leg and uses his right to trap my legs. His hand tangles in my hair, his elbow in my back holding me down. I gasp with the first smack across my ass it is so rapidly unexpected. I knew he said he was going to spank me but he had moved so fast it was a surprise. His hand stays where it lands his fingers kneading the skin. 
“Did you think that was funny?” I’m so shocked at my position I don’t answer right away. His hand leaves and returns harder. I yelp.
“No.” I squeak out.
“Then why the smile, Parvulum?” That deadly whisper has returned and I know not to lie to him again.
“Yes, it was a little funny.” His hand glides across my skin dipping between my legs to insert a finger into my heat. I moan as he caresses my inner walls.
“Do you like that?” He asks in a hoarse voice.
“Yes.” I groan. He removes his hand, I whimper as it comes down hard on my ass.
“I like you fed and happy and yet you refuse. Should I refuse you what you like?” His hand kneads my skin delicately as I debate the right answer. No would probably get me smacked again. Yes would be lying and would probably get me smacked again. Neither was correct so I give him the truth.
“No.” As I expected his hand comes down hard once more then immediately he sinks two fingers roughly inside me. I groan loudly and he retreats. I growl in frustration.
“Oh, baby we have a long way to go before you get what you want. Don’t get aggravated yet.” He laughs out. His arm becomes visible, his watch displaying the time. 
11:39
He could easily keep this up for twenty more minutes. I don’t think I can.
“Dare, I said I was sorry. Please, just make love to me.” I beg him. His hand smacks me once more, powerfully this time. I cry out with the pain. Unwanted pleasure spirals in my belly and I curse my body for enjoying this.
“I haven’t told you to beg yet.” Twice more he hits me, harder even. I moan with each slap. His fingers return to take a rapid rhythm. My body begins to quiver, my breathing ragged. So close. His hand leaves and comes down one more time, the most powerful of all. I cry out as he flips me off his lap and shoves me to the ground on my knees. My top half is being held to the bed by his hand still in my hair as he kneels behind me. 
Without warning he slams into me. Tears spring to my eyes with the sudden pain but I bite my lip to hold in my cry. He pulls back and does it again, then again, then again. He begins to pound furiously inside me. Pain turns to pleasure and I find myself on the brink once more. He stops. 
“Open your eyes.” He bites out through clinched teeth. I obey to find his wrist in front of me again. 
11:46
“Not yet.” My body trembles in need as I lay pinned to the bed. When it calms down he starts over. Slow but hard thrusts before he escalates to pounding furiously. Again when I am ready to break he holds his hand in front on of my face as he stops. 
11:55
I cry out in frustration. My body needed release, now. I was ready to explode and he kept refusing me the pleasure. 
“Now is the time to beg, Parvulum.” He grits out as he holds perfectly still behind me, buried balls deep.
“Please Dare. I can’t take any more, please.” I whine out. He chuckles making me steam.
“Please what? What do you want, Marnie?” His voice is low and husky. I whimper. I couldn’t say it out loud! “Tell me or we stay like this till the clock reads 12:06. Then we start over.” The whisper was back, he meant every word of that.
“Please, let me come!” I scream as loud as I can. I can’t wait any longer. I didn’t even care if his brothers could hear me and by the way the music in the next room grows louder I was sure they could.
“With pleasure.” He forgets the slowness and begins with the pounding. His fingers find that sensitive spot and begin to caress it sensually making my body jerk in pleasure. It doesn’t take long to ratchet me right back up where I was. He twists his hips and grinds against me hard and I think I’m going to rupture.
His hand appears in front of me again but this time his watch is gone. “Bite.” He says commandingly. I shake my head. His neck was better, it tasted better, flowed better. I didn’t want his wrist. He stops moving. “Bite or do without. It is the only choice you have. You refused when I offered my neck this morning. Now you get my wrist. Now bite!” Oh, so that was his game. I was wondering why he had kept to my back. Reluctantly, I bite down on his wrist drawing from him. He immediately begins to slam into me shoving the bed forward with each powerful thrust. 
In the instant before I explode he bites into my neck sending me over the edge. With each pull he takes my body pulses, dragging out the climax for several seconds before his body jerks inside me on a low moan. He slows then stills, his weight pressing me into the bed. I finish my fill of his blood then release his arm, completed sated.
My body begins to vibrate. My vision becomes fuzzy. My blood boils hotly inside my veins making me scream out in pain. I feel him shaking behind me, his grip in my hair tightens, his hand on my waist clinches painfully into my skin. My fangs punch back out and I frantically try to turn in his grip while fighting the pain. The need to bite his neck is unfathomable. After a second he releases me allowing me to reach his neck where I sink my teeth in roughly. On a deafening roar he does the same while sinking hilt deep with one powerful thrust. Unbelievably it throws me into instant climax even with the pain ripping through me. By the way he is jerking inside me it has the same effect on him.
My back bows in agony. I bite down harder while gurgling a scream through the blood filling my mouth. Power completely takes over the cinnamon as it flows down my throat. The electrical currents grow stronger in both our touch and his blood, short circuiting my mind. His entire body jerks and trembles, his jaw mashing into my skin as he grinds his teeth inside my flesh. 
Fire rips through my body freezing all my actions and causing me to gag on the blood still flowing freely into my mouth. I open my eyes to see his form fully engulfed in light, he was glowing a blinding white. I cut my eyes to my hand on his shoulder to realize, so was I. Although my vision is impaired by the glow and the fuzziness I see the digital clock on the dresser. 
12:05
I hang on tight and ride out the ultimate climax mixed with excruciating agony. It feels like my skin is being ripped from my body then stitched back into place but at the same time the most intense orgasmic pleasure I have ever felt pulsed through me. The longer I keep my hold on his neck the more the current and power grows in his blood. He lets out a strangled cry as the door to our room is shoved open. Power crackles through the air and over our skin, lightning flashes, thunder rolls, the earth shakes and somewhere deep inside my core being something shatters.
“Holy mother of creation!” Archer cries in the doorway.
The clock flips in slow motion.
12:06
All pain, pleasure and light cease. My lifeless body slinks from his limp arms and we both fall unconscious to the floor. 
The Change was complete.

****

I wake feeling like I have been ran through an electric carwash without the car. I stretch my body to relieve the ache, my hand brushes against Marnie who is curled in a tight ball beside me on the bed. Her back is shaking as if she is crying. I curl around her wrapping her tightly in my hold. I can’t feel any pain coming from her but I can feel a deep sadness and unbearable embarrassment.
“Hey, why are we crying?” I pull on her shoulder to make her face me. Her eyes are bright red and swollen. She has been crying for some time now. She shrugs her shoulders but bites her knuckle to keep from answering me. I can feel the need inside her to answer the question and the fight not to. I ignore it and how what I’m fixing to do next makes me feel. “Marnie, tell me why you are crying.” Her body shutters before she blurts out an answer she can’t keep inside.
“Because we passed out on the floor right after Archer and your brothers came in the room. How do you think we got on the bed? I am still naked, Dare!” She whines the last part and I understand the embarrassment inside her. My brothers had not only seen us on the floor together but someone picked up her naked body and put it into bed. She thought them seeing her on satellite was bad, now this.
“Hey. Sometimes shit happens. They had to pick me up too. They aren’t bad guy’s, they won’t say anything about you being naked. Now they might have something to say about the fact when they came in we were glowing like a science experiment gone wrong.” I chuckle to her deep sobs. At the same time a knock sounds on the door and she cringes folding deeper into herself.
“Dare, I have a meeting in an hour and I need to talk to you. Think you can tear yourself away long enough?” Archer yells out. He had no reason to scream but I think it was for Marnie’s benefit.
“Stop screaming, Archer! I can hear you just fine. Along with the others in the kitchen talking about us for the last hour. Now go away.” She demands in a heated voice. That was what upset her? Or being naked? Or both? I am confused, why were we crying?
“Oh, um….Sorry about that. Dare?” I don’t think I have ever heard embarrassment in Archer’s voice before. What the hell had they been talking about?
“Give me five.” His footsteps retreat quickly. I tune into the conversation in the kitchen in time to hear Cash’s comment.
“If she didn’t heal so quickly I’d kick his ass for the hand prints he left on her backside. I still might. Did you see those deep bruises?” Marnie whimpers beside me.
“She can hear you. Shut up.” Archer’s harsh whisper comes on the tail end of growls of agreement. I throw the covers off her and forcibly roll her to look at her ass. Faint bruises were left where I had spanked her making my stomach tie into knots. A glance to the clock reveals we had been out for several hours. It was midafternoon. She should be healed completely by now. Why wasn’t she? She pulls away from me and flees from the bed.
“It’s nothing. I would tell you don’t do it again but that would be lying and I can’t lie to you anymore. I enjoyed it just don’t make a habit out of it.” She throws a hand over her mouth, her face turns crimson. She quickly slides into my robe and runs from the room. I jump up and throw on pants intent on chasing her down. 
When I hear heaving in the bathroom, I run. Cash is already there holding her hair back however she was trying to shove him away and puke at the same time. He sees me and steps back with a glare. I take over hair duty while she dry heaves into the toilet. When she finishes I hand her a wet washcloth. She runs it over her mouth and sighs.
“I haven’t tried to eat anything. Why the hell am I puking?” She mumbles out. I reach down and drag her up. A whiff of her scent catches me and I freeze. Burying my head into her neck I smell again. Vanilla and…..Oh, bloody hell! I pull her into my arms and run full tilt from the house to Angie’s, my brothers following on my heels. 
I burst through the door and into Angie’s room. She is sitting at a desk reading and looks up startled as I sit Marnie on the bed and point at her. “She’s pregnant.” Angie’s eyes grow wide then look to Marnie who is frozen in shock. Her stunned sapphires following my movements. “She wasn’t pregnant yesterday.” I mumble. Gasps can be heard behind me, they knew exactly what I’m thinking. This happened while we were glowing. Never has a predestined mate become pregnant so fast. It normally took a hundred years or so. 
What the hell had I done now!? 
Cash pushes past me to sit beside Marnie whose breathing has become labored, her skin pale and clammy, her eyes unfocused and distant. She was going into shock. The woman had faced all kinds of things in the last week and the idea of being pregnant sent her into shock. 
Women! I will never understand them. 
Angie grabs a needle and advances on Marnie who goes ballistic. “No! No more drugs!” Cash grabs her as she tries to fly off the bed.
“No, I’m only drawing blood.” That calms her down as much as telling her, ‘I’m not going to hurt you’ then crouching into a fighting stance, would. Absolutely none. Cash holds her tight for Angie to push the needle into her arm. Her eyes meet mine and I’m sure the uncertainty and shock I feel in her is the same as she’s feeling in me. I should be holding her, I should be comforting her but I was right there with her on the edge of panic unable to move from my spot.
Angie does something with what little medical equipment she has and something liquid then nods with a lopsided grin. “Normally you can’t test for pregnancy this soon but I’ve been working on this for about fifty years now. With our rapid incubation it’s easier to see in Patronus than even Fairies this early on. I am ninety percent positive she is pregnant. Congratulations.” She looks between our shocked faces her grin slowly fading. “You two know how babies are made, right?” I glare at her. “Then why are we so shocked here?” She asks confused. It’s Archer who answers.
“Angie, unlike normal Patronus our mates usually take upwards of a hundred years or so to become pregnant the first time. It doesn’t get any easier after that either. Look at how far apart we are. Fin and I have five hundred years difference between us. It wasn’t from lack of trying on our parent’s part. Her body just completed The Change it isn’t ready to carry a child. You know as well as anyone that our women do not go the total of nine months like the humans. Baby’s grow rapidly in our kind and only have a gestation period of four months. Can her body take this so soon after The Change?” As he speaks both Angie and Marnie’s brows furrow. For different reasons I’m sure. This is the first talk of baby’s we’ve had. She didn’t know this bit of information. No doubt it confused her.
“Four months?” Everyone nods to her. “How is that even possible?” She is asking anyone who will answer but her gaze is fixed on me. 
“A lot of technical bullshit. Let’s just say our baby’s grow faster but they take more from the mother than human baby’s do and with your um….condition… We have no idea what this will do.” Emmitt is the one to answer. 
“Angie knows.” I grit out.
“Oh, I… okay. Then Angie, with her living on blood how will it affect the baby?” She shrugs.
“I have never dealt with this before. Some mates choose to live on blood alone, but during pregnancy they eat food. Marnie doesn’t have that option. I will keep a close eye on her. Don’t worry guys everything will be fine. I’m a medical genius, remember? I’ll just do what I do best. Study her.” She states this with confidence gaining the first real reaction from Marnie. A laugh.
“You tell them, girl.” Her eyes were more focused and her breathing has calmed. She pats Cash’s hand then surprisingly reaches for me. I’d think I was the last person she wanted right now. I move to the bed beside her and wrap my arms around her, discreetly closing her robe that is gaping open in the front. “Are you okay with this? I have never wanted children before, have you?” I look around the full room uncomfortably.
“Angie are you done with her?” She nods. “Give me an hour then you can come get that blood.” Once more she nods. I gather Marnie into my arms and stroll out. My brothers thankfully give us a minute before they follow leisurely behind us. “Before we are in the house where everyone can hear us let me talk quickly. No, I have never thought of having kids before but I never thought I would have a mate either. The idea does have some appeal. I’m happy, I think. What about you? Why do you say you never wanted kids?” She was so loving and caring, how could she not want children to share that with?
“Because, look how I grew up. I have no one, Dare. I was left with Uncle when my mother died, I have no clue who my father is, I have no other family or friends. What happens when I die? Who will I leave the child to? I have no one.” Her horrified voice is almost comical.
“One, you aren’t dying anytime soon. You are immortal now. As long as I keep you away from sharp objects and vampires you’ll live a long time. Two, you have me and five brothers to look after a child if for some reason you find a way to kick the bucket.” I grin as I enter our home. She pouts.
“You die when I do and your mother died in childbirth.” She whispers, I blanch.
“No, our mother didn’t want to live without our father. As soon as she had Fin she walked unarmed into a known Stroli playground and let them kill her. It was her choice to leave us. Would you do that to your child? Besides, I don’t plan on letting anyone close enough to you to kill you. You understand me? You aren’t going to die.” She nods and a tear runs down her cheek. “I need to talk to Archer. Can I get you to feed before I do, please?” I sit on the bed with her in my lap. She is so deep in thought she turns her head and sinks her teeth in without a thought about it.
Power crackles over my bare chest with her first pull. With each draw it grows. She seems unaware of it, her eyes are closed and she’s lost in her head, but I watch as blinding white streaks roll over my bare skin. Inside, my organs quiver, my blood boils through my veins, my heartbeat thrums in my ears too loudly to hear anything else, and my senses all sharpen to perfection. My flesh vibrates with growing power that dances over it in streaks of white lightning. By the time she falls away ten minutes later, I feel as if I stuck my finger in a light socket and she is sound asleep. I lay her in bed and cover her up then walk out into the front room, all the while watching the power crackle over my skin.
“What the…?” Bane is the first to see me. The rest turn wide eyes to me then look to Archer who mirrors them. He is also clueless.
“Um…. The more she drank the more it um… grew?” I felt like I could take down an entire herd of Stroli, alone. A tickle in my nose causes me to sneeze abruptly. A bolt of lightning flies from my fingertips as I quickly reach up to cover my mouth, hitting the TV square in the middle. It explodes with a deafening roar, glass and plastic shooting in all directions before the frame falls from the wall with a crash. We all stare at it dumbfounded. As one they turn back to me. Some of the vibrations have cooled and the power was minimal as it rolled, almost peacefully, over my skin.
“Do it again but this time try to do it on purpose. We can fix anything you break with magic. Well, anything but each other.” Fin quips.
I aim my hand at the window then think better of it, someone may be outside of it. I turn to face the kitchen table and stare at it. Nothing happens. I wiggle my hand, still nothing. I shrug and let my hand drop. Suddenly something comes flying from the kitchen at me. 
Out of instinct I raise my hand to catch it. Lightning shoots out blowing the apple apart and splattering applesauce all over the dining room and me. I glare over my shoulder at my brothers. Fin is the one laughing his ass off, I have him to blame for this mess.
“Yeah, funny Fin. Now clean it up.” I growl as I stalk towards the bathroom. “Give me just a minute, Archer.” He coughs out a laugh.
“Don’t fry yourself. Water and electricity don’t mix.” Emmitt laughs out to my fleeting back. I try to growl but it comes out as a mangled laugh. Thankfully the apple had dispersed the last of the weird vibes. What the hell was going on? Archer said I would be powerful but up until last night I only felt one change. That was the fact I could feel Marnie inside me. I hadn’t believed him about the rest he said about me, I was kind of hoping he was wrong about all but the blood and the link between us. 
Obviously not.
Would this only manifest when she ate or would I learn to control it? Hell, what happened when we both bit at the same time, did I transfer the power to her? Would it hurt the babe she was carrying? I would have to be very careful about this.
I quickly shower then realize I didn’t bring clothes with me. Aw, the hell with it. They have seen me naked more times than I can count. Last night being one of them. I was not used to living with anyone but myself and when you live alone you don’t need clothes in the bathroom when you finish. With a sigh, I leave with a towel around my waist. All the jerks are busy in the living room and I am able to slip into my room without any heckling. I throw on clothes and check on Marnie who is still asleep. Her color is a little pale but she seems fine. I once again leave to try and have this meeting with Archer.
Behind me glass shatters and a scream rips through the house. Pure terror that’s not mine runs through my veins. 
“Marnie!” I scream as I run for our room. I throw open the door to see a Stroli with a large scar over his right eye holding Marnie to his chest by her throat. 
Striker. 
I freeze. My brothers behind me do the same.
“Bound, not mated.” His grotesque mouth grins a deformed smile, he jumps through the window and flees.
“Dare!” Marnie’s terrified screams filter through the room as she is whisked away. I jump out after them but they are gone. I track them as far as the wall but once he went over his sent disappears completely, probably in a vehicle. He has help if he had a truck. Stroli can’t drive with those animal legs. It wasn’t physically possible. “Dare!” Her terrified voice comes to me on the gentle breeze. I roar in anger, my muscles bunch getting ready to run. A body tackles me before I can blindly run off after her.
“You won’t find them that way. Emmitt is pulling the satellites. Let’s see where they go then we will go get her.” My face flares in pain causing me to howl in rage once more.
“Fine, then whoever just hit her is going to die.” The deadly calm in my voice scares even me.

Chapter Sixteen


“Shut up!” The monster backhands me across the face knocking me into the side of the truck. When he jumped the wall he hopped into the bed of a pick-up that fled at high rates of speed. I tried to jump out and was screaming for Dare when the thing hit me. Now I cuddle against the tailgate as far from him as possible. The Stroli is glaring at me with hunger and hate in his beady eyes.
“Why?” I cry out not understanding why this thing had come for me. Did it want Dare and I was a way to hurt him like Archer said? He points to the scar running down his face.
“Dare did this. He owes me. You payment.” After deciphering his words I huddle quietly in the truck not wanting to anger him anymore than possible. I keep my eyes averted, discreetly studying the creature beside me. His pale skin was practically transparent, the black shaggy hair making it more so. His face is horribly deformed, eyes too big for his face, nose to small, sharp jagged teeth, mouth that is way too large for a human mouth, lips that are thin and didn’t have the natural plump to them. They almost look like someone deflated them causing them to sink in instead of stand out. The scar didn’t help matters as it hadn’t been properly seen to and has healed gaping open. When he made a facial expression that moved his cheek or eye it widened and spread open disgustingly. 
His torso is also pale but the only thing closely resembling a human on his body, although it is wider and longer than normal. His arms hang to his animal feet ending in claws instead of hands. From the waist down he resembles a grizzly bear except his legs are too long and a little skinnier than I’d imagine a bears were. The fur though, it is all bear. Just as black as his hair. The way he is sitting against the cab with his knees bent up and spread he is prominently displaying that he is all male. That part of him is human, if you overlooked the pale color and the fact the head came to a distinctly sharp point. My body shutters with what the seven foot creature could do to me. He truly is a nightmare to look at.
We drive for a long time before the truck comes to a stop outside a falling down farmhouse. By the time we stop my body is aching and hunger pains have set in. I try to move quickly and jump from the truck to run like Dare, but only get two steps when a claw lands in the middle of my back knocking me to the ground. Still in Dare’s robe my hands and knees scrap the gravel drive cutting them open. The monster gurgles out a laugh then drags me to my feet, into the house and up a flight of rundown stairs by my arm. I clutch the robe shut with my other hand as he tosses me to the floor in a dimly lit bedroom. 
“Don’t go nowhere.” He growls out with that same deformed smile he gave me at the compound in Texas. The door closes behind him and I launch myself at it, beating on it and screaming profanities at him. His half roar, half laugh can be heard moving down the stairs. Giving up that avenue of escape I turn a circle taking in the room. A filthy bare mattress lay in one corner, a dress I recognize laying on top of it. It’s the one from the Texas compound, the one Dare took from a child. I wonder what else they had rummaged from there. 
Moving on around the room I see two windows, both boarded from the outside, neither have glass in them completely, one has a top pane, the other the bottom. More than one board was used for each window with gaps between letting in the only light in the dim room. A bucket in one corner with a roll of toilet paper beside it makes my body tremble. No way in hell they thought I was pissing in that! The rest of the room was empty. 
Going to the window that had the top piece of glass still attached I try to push on the bottom board to knock it loose. Archer said I would have their strength but I am hungry and weak, it wasn’t budging. I give up for now and decide to put on the dress. It would be better than just the robe. I slip it off and slide the dress over my head before wrapping Dare’s bathrobe back around me. I bury my head in the fabric and breathe in Dare’s scent of man and woods. At least I had this to keep me company. 
I eye the mattress with trepidation then decide the filthy floor looked better than the blood and bodily fluid stained mattress. The idea of what those round odd colored stains were made my stomach roil with nausea. At least the floor only looked like twenty years of dirt. 
Dare would find me soon, he has to. He has satellites and things like that he could trace us with, didn’t he? I mean they watched Dirk’s attack days after it happened on satellite, why couldn’t they follow a truck, right? I realize, I never once saw the driver. Even when I jumped from the truck and was hauled in the house he stayed behind us and out of my vision. I wonder why? 
Would I have recognized him? How had the monster known where to find me? What room I was in when he attacked? That I was alone? Hell, how did he know that we were in Florida to begin with? Someone had to be feeding them information. 
Angie said the new locations, the houses and where the compound would be were kept from everyone till they arrived. The only reason she knew it was Florida is because Jack was Dare’s right hand man. Being her mate, he told her where they were moving because he knew she wouldn’t tell anyone else. So who else knew? The only thing that comes to mind is the pilots that flew us there. Was the driver of the truck one of the pilots? Or maybe a different race all together? 
With no real answers and only time on my hands I sit with my back to the wall facing the door and wait to see who came in next. 
The Stroli, the traitor or Dare.
*
The door being opened pulls me from an uneasy sleep. Hunger pains tearing through me make me believe I can smell blood as I look up in the dark room. It didn’t smell like Dare’s but there is something familiar about the scent. I shake my head to rid myself of the illusion. Night must have fallen outside while I slept, for the room was completely shrouded in darkness. A candle in the man’s hand is the only light visible and where he has it held blocks out his face. 
A dull glimmer surrounds his body giving off a brownish hue. I have been noticing the aura type glimmers since I woke from The Change but too much has happened to take note of them. For now I once again dismiss this unusual phenomenon to concentrate on the man himself. 
I use the wall to push myself up not wanting to be vulnerable on the floor. I can tell he isn’t a Stroli by the fact his legs and arms looked to be normal human sized and he is wearing clothes. Other than that I could tell nothing about him. He takes two steps in the room and closes the door behind him. Kneeling he sits the candle on the floor then stands.
“If you behave and do as I ask, I will give you light. Do we have a deal?” His voice is normal, no growling I had to try to decipher. Definitely of the humanoid variety. His height suggested Vampire, Witch, Shifter or Patronus. If he was human he was a massive one.
“Depends on what you mean by behaving.” I retort. His light chuckle is not reassuring.
“I have a few questions for you and I have something for you to drink. We found bags of blood in the Texas Compound belonging to all six of the Beyers Brothers. This cup has Archer’s blood in it. We want to see if their blood will sustain you just as Dare’s does.” I wasn’t delusional. I really did smell blood and if it was Archer’s that’s why it was somewhat familiar. 
With his confirming this my pain grows hot and heavy, my mouth waters, and my fangs drop on their own accord. I try to force them back up but they don’t listen now that the smell is real and getting stronger as he took steps towards me. I put my hand over my mouth to hide my fangs. I couldn’t give in. What would Archer’s blood do to me or the baby? No, I couldn’t do this. I shake my head not expecting him to see me. That’s when I realize the room is growing lighter. My eyes are adjusting to the dark and I am able to see more clearly than I have ever been able to and it had nothing to do with the small candle giving off a minute amount of light.
“Come on, I know you must be hungry by now. If you weren’t your fangs wouldn’t have dropped.” So he could see me to. The light wasn’t enough for him to have made that out this far away from the candle. That marks off Witch. From what little I have gleamed from Angie and the brother’s Witches could not see in the dark. Giving up the pretense of hiding I drop my hand as he draws to a stop in front of me. The smell of blood overpowering only because I am hungry not because it is appealing like Dare’s is. If that cup had Dare’s blood in it I would have already knocked him down for it.
“I’m fine and I am not answering your questions.” A hand snakes out and backhands me. I grit my teeth and turn back to face him not making a sound. This is a game I knew how to play. His blood touches my tongue from where my fangs nick him. Sour, coppery and gross. 
“Son of a bitch.” Maybe I didn’t want to retract them after all. He swears as he shakes his bloodied hand, slinging the warm goo across my chest and face. Another small amount hits my lips and I have no choice but to lick it off, I wasn’t giving him the satisfaction of wiping it away with my hand. There was something almost animalistic about the taste of it. Shifter or Patronus? Besides I don’t think Vampires bleed, do they? I’ll have to ask Dare that when he rescues me. 
“Opps.” I say sarcastically and receive another slap, this one higher on my cheekbone more over the eye in hopes of avoiding my fangs. It works, I didn’t cut him but he manages to knock me back against the wall. I stand back up quickly, rigid and ready. Pure rage rolls through me from Dare. I try not to stagger under the weight of it.
“What are the Beyers Brothers weaknesses? Let’s start with Archer, shall we?” He holds the twelve ounce cup full to the top of blood under my nose, the sweet almost candy like smell holding me captive for only a minute before I shake myself out of it.
“They have none. Well, maybe traitors like you, but that’s a weakness they will find and destroy without mercy.” He inhales sharply telling me I hit the nail on the head. 
Patronus. 
I study the man’s face in the almost lit room. Except for where the candles glow is ruining my vision the room has come into perfect view, including the man in front of me. He’s chunky by Patronus standards with chubby cheeks, big eyes, slightly too large nose and thin lips his mustache makes look even thinner. 
He looks to be in his early thirties but looks are deceiving with these supernatural races. Dare didn’t look over twenty five and he was over five hundred. Archer barely looked thirty and he was over nine hundred. That would put this man between nine hundred and twelve hundred, I think. He was built but had a little too much flab surrounding the muscles like he hadn’t been to the gym in a few hundred years.
“And how would you know what I am, little girl? You haven’t been in our world more than a week.” His voice has lost all pretense of friendliness, a sneer marring his chunky face.
“Any other race wouldn’t know how long I’ve been here. It isn’t public knowledge, Patronus.” A growl rips from his throat just like Dare does when I piss him off or turn him on. I sure hoped it was the former. His hand reaches over and sits the cup on the window sill. I watch his face for signs of action instead of his hands. Uncle always had an eye twitch problem just before he struck out. 
This is my first mistake. 
Quick as lightning he grabs my arms and throws me onto the mattress, the wall stops my momentum and my back slams against it right before I fall to my hands and knees. Just like that he’s on me. 
He flips me around capturing my hands in one of his and holding them above my head. His legs are straddling mine, hovering three inches above my knees, and I instinctively kick upwards nailing him in the balls. He rewards me with a roar of pain and tightening his grip on my wrists painfully. 
That is my second mistake. 
He flattens his body on mine pinioning my legs down and holding me captive till his breathing evens out. I try to fight but he has me completely pinned to the disgusting mattress. His fangs punch through; his free hand grabs my hair pulling my head to the side to give him access to my neck. He dips his head taking my flesh in a rough bite, tearing at the skin as he shakes his head like a dog with its favorite chew toy. I scream with the pain while he drains my blood quickly, weakening me more. 
Pure terror laced with deadly anger spirals through me and for the first time I hate the bond I have with Dare. I hate he had to feel this, know I was being hurt and there was nothing he could do about it till he found me. Then at the same time I loved knowing he is with me even if it is through the pain alone. 
A shadow passes in front of the candle to the window as the Patronus retracts his fangs but leaves the wound open to bleed. I turn my head and watch the Stroli grab the cup then kneel beside us. I dismiss the pulsing turquoise aura around the Stroli, fear being more prominent than curiosity.
“No fuck her. Blood works?” He growls out holding up the retrieved cup of blood.
“Fine, but when we know this works, I will fuck her. I’ll hold open her mouth you pour.” The Patronus states confidently to the Stroli who grunts in agreement. I clamp my teeth shut, my fangs piercing my bottom lip as I do. I try to shake my head so he doesn’t get a grip but it’s no use, he’s weakened me to the point of lethargic by draining my blood. His hand clasps my jaw and he begins to pull and squeeze at the same time. I fight to hold in the cry of pain. 
The Stroli’s claw grabs my nose cutting into my cheek while he blocks off my air. The Patronus removes his hand and digs something out of his front pocket while letting his hand stroke across my heat in the process, making my body tremble with fear. My lungs begin to burn and I’m left with no choice but to open my mouth for oxygen. As soon as I do something hard is jammed between my teeth preventing me from closing my mouth. 
The Stroli begins to pour in the cold liquid provoking me to gag when it slides down my throat. It doesn’t have an unpleasant flavor, it taste like peppermint actually, and I find myself swallowing it to keep from choking to death. Realizing my struggle has stopped the Stroli releases my nose, removing his claws that have embedded themselves in my cheek. I whimper in pain as he does. 
Slowly, in a steady stream they pour the full twelve ounce glass of blood down my throat. When the last drop falls into my mouth I am full but nowhere near sated. It wasn’t Dare’s blood, only his would satisfy me. However, if this really is Archer’s it has at least made the pain go away. The rage I have been feeling inside me since I was taken turns to confusion as I’m sure Dare is trying to figure out why the pain has lessened. 
The stick or whatever it was, is removed from my mouth. The man stays laying on me, holding me prisoner under his weight and grinding his erection against my pelvis painfully for what feels like forever, before he rises up off me. 
“That should be long enough to keep you from throwing it up. In a few hours we will check to make sure you survived. Get some rest, after we test all the brothers blood I have plans for you, sunshine. I have heard Dare likes it rough. He is nothing compared to what I will do to you.” He chuckles as he leaves taking his candle with him. 
As soon as the lock snicks into place I scramble off the bed and back to the wall. If it wasn’t for the fact the pains stopped I would make myself puke to get rid of the blood. However, I didn’t know how long it would be before they fed me again and as he said, it was already in my system. It was too late, the damage has been done.
I pull my knees up tight to my chest then drop my head upon them. This was going to be a long night if Dare didn’t hurry his ass up and find me. His confusion turned back into a burning rage while the Patronus ground himself so hard into me it caused pain. I am sure he only felt the area of pain and was thinking the worst right now. However, if he didn’t get here by the time they ran out of brothers to test he wouldn’t be far off with that thought. 
I close my eyes and pray for rescue.
*
For a second time the door scraping open wakes me from sleep. I don’t know how long it’s been but the room is still dark and my stomach was protesting its emptiness once more. Either Archer’s blood didn’t last as long as Dare’s or it has to be close to dawn. The Patronus and Stroli saunter into the room. They forwent the candle this time and as my eye site is adjusted by now, I can see them perfectly in the darkness. The cup in the Stroli’s hand has a new smell but again, I’m familiar with the bittersweet smell but can’t place which brother it is.
Archer’s blood had healed the open wounds but the aches in my body from the beating still remained. Nevertheless I push myself up readying for a fight. I didn’t care if it was one of the brothers blood, they would have to force it down my throat.
“Are you going to behave this time?” I grit my teeth and stay still. “I see. They said you were stubborn. I didn’t believe you were this bad though.” He stops in front of me. This time I don’t wait for his attack and throw a punch of my own to his gut. He doubles over and I dart around him racing for the door. The Stroli catches my arm before flinging me backwards onto the mattress. The Patronus takes the opportunity to pounce. I flail my arms and kick my feet but it’s to no avail. 
In a matter of seconds I am pinned to the mattress. Instead of backhanding me this time he grabs my breast and squeezes hard, I scream. The stick is shoved in my mouth unexpectedly and blood begins to fall into my throat. This one is sweet as honey as it trickles over my taste buds. Knowing I couldn’t fight this I begin to swallow and the stream speeds up.
“Hmm, you like Bane better than Archer? That’s interesting.” The man laughs taking my surrender for liking the taste of the blood. While I drink I feel him shift and close my eyes to the coming pain. His fangs split the front of my dress in half before he bites down on my right breast drinking from me. I gurgle a scream in the blood making it splatter on the man’s head, he bites harder. Dare’s rage ratchets to heart attack level inside of me. I try to control the pain for his sake but I don’t think it works because he grows angrier and angrier the longer the man tears at my breast.
“Stop. Blood no good you drink all.” The monster bellows in his roar like speech. The Patronus sighs and thankfully pulls away leaving the wound to seep.
“I know why Dare took you on so completely. You are a sweet little morsel. You taste like pure sunshine.” He licks his lips causing me to gag on the last drops of blood. He repeats his same actions of grinding himself all over me for a while before he backs off and they leave. As he closes the door he sings out one last taunt. “Three more to go and you are mine. See you in two hours, sunshine.” The door snicks locked. 
I roll then crawl on my hands and knees toward my spot on the wall. I don’t make a sitting position and collapse face first onto the floor in a dead faint. The last thing I feel is Dare’s concern laced rage and pain exploding across my knuckles.

****

“Explain to me again how you lost them and why you haven’t found her yet?” I growl to Emmitt. I have him by the throat holding him to the wall of his bedroom. The pain she had recently undergone is still tearing through me and I was outraged we hadn’t even left home to find her yet.
“Put him down, Dare.” Archer’s power laced voice fills the room. I sigh when my hand lets him go. He returns to his computer without a word. I ground out the attack as it happened having to share it or go insane with silent fury. They all knew what she was facing and I knew he was trying but it was taking way too long.
“I told you. They were driving down a major highway that was covered in trees causing me to use the infrared satellites instead of color, when four more trucks with the same amount of people in the same positions surrounded them. They then leap frog around several times till I can’t tell which truck is hers. I have followed three of the five trucks and none of them have turned out to be the right one. I am following number four now. They all stay hidden in the trees till right before they stop so I haven’t been able to get a clear shot of who I’m following till they stop. Then it’s too late and I back track to the leapfrog again and follow another one.” He sighs as he stares at the computer monitor intently.
“They have attacked her violently twice now. Both times her hunger subsides but doesn’t go away. It comes back quickly also. It was exactly two hours between the attacks. And both times someone drank from her!” I scream and kick the dresser away from the wall. The mirror resting on its top falls to the ground and shatters.
“We know. But holding Emmitt away from his computer isn’t finding her, Dare. He is doing his best. Just give him time, he will find her.” Bane tries to reason with me.
“Time! How much time do you think it will take for them to kill her?” I holler slamming my fist into the wall punching a hole clear through to the front room for the third time. I wanted it to be whoever’s head it was that was biting my mate, hitting my mate, abusing my mate and, if I’m right and I hope like hell I’m not, raping my mate! For Marnie’s sake and my sanity, I left this part off my details to the others. This animal would die by my hand, slowly and torturously. 
“We will retrieve her, Dare.” Cash grits out. His face is pale as he to watches the monitors with Emmitt and Fin.
“How can they be satiating her hunger? It can’t be my blood, can it? I mean, she stays full a lot longer than she is now. Who could they possibly be forcing her to drink from?” I have asked the question after each attack and still no one has tried to answer me.
“Your brothers.” Angie’s voice rings out from the doorway. I was in such a fit I hadn’t heard her approach. I turn to stare at her.
“Excuse me?” What the hell? My brothers are all here.
“Remember I told you I had blood in my lab in Texas?” I nod. “As soon as Archer told me the truth I had Jack return for it before the fairies could move it. It wouldn’t hurt to have extra just in case.” She shrugs, I glare. “It wasn’t there. All the other blood I had stored is but your twelve bags, two each, is gone. Whoever is helping Striker knew I had blood stored in that lab. They might not have known I had yours, but if they looked it was easy to find. I mean, any idiot could figure my coding out. I had your initials on it and the date it was taken. So if the Stroli told someone what he needed all he had to do is look to see if I had any of yours. They found not just Dare’s but the brothers too. My guess is every two hours they are feeding her different blood to see if it kills her or sustains her.” She shoots me an apologetic look before continuing. I was just grateful to know what was happening, no offense taken.
“It won’t keep her full and it will probably be less filling with each time she takes the particular blood. Like if she has Cash three times in a row it will last two hours the first time, an hour the second and ten minutes the third. Basically she will become immune to it the more it is given to her back to back. In a bind if you were hunting it could work for a day or two if you had more than one brother here to trade off with but the same brother over and over wouldn’t last long.” She sidles to the bed and sits on her hands, rocking back and forth showing her distress over Marnie’s absence. 
“How is that possible?” I bite out.
“Same DNA. Yeah, you are all different but certain points are the same, the point needed to feed her being one of them. It’s close enough anyway. The difference in the point is the difference in how long it lasts or heals or hurts or so on. Dare’s will always be best, he’s her mate and the one she’s bound to, but as I said, in a pinch your brothers will work but not for long. As I said, my guess is they are switching out right now. A different brother every two hours. Depending on how much they give her of each brother they only have roughly enough for two feedings that would fill her up of each type of blood. Now they also have that much of yours and it will last longer. So ten partials and two of you. That’s how much time you have. Thirty hours from the first time she felt full. Then they run out of blood.” She calculates out for us. “How long has it been?” She asks on a whisper.
“Almost six. They have fed her twice and the two hours is up in ten minutes.” I growl out. “She is still hurting from the last beating. I don’t think the blood is healing her only filling her.” Ten hours. It has been over ten hours total if you start counting when they took her. I throw another punch to the wall busting open my knuckles, again.
“And you causing pain in her already hurting body isn’t helping her.” Angie says quietly, almost skittishly, as if she is afraid to speak to me. I don’t blame her. 
I hadn’t thought my destructive mood could hurt Marnie more but when I look at both hands, bloodied from hitting things, I’m ashamed of myself for putting her through more than what she has already went through tonight. I push my hands in my pockets then give Angie a nod of thanks. She returns it with a watery smile. Jack enters the room and takes a seat by his mate, scooping her into a strong hug. What I wouldn’t give to do that to Marnie right now.
“The fastest chopper we have is fueled and waiting. All you have to do is give me coordinates.” He bites out while dragging a now sobbing Angie fully into his lap.
“I have it! Look. It’s an old farmhouse four hours from here by truck. The chopper should do it in less than one.” Emmitt’s excitement is shared by all but me. Her two hours was up and her fear just sky rocketed.
“They’re back. Bring up the image of right now.” He nods and his hands fly over the keys. My heart drops when I see her body spread out on the floor and two figures entering her room. She pushes herself up using the wall but the little red image wobbles and almost falls before she catches herself on the window sill. “Hang on one more time Parvulum, we’re coming.” Not wanting to watch what I can feel I turn, leaving the room at a run. 

Chapter Seventeen


He’s coming. 
I could feel the hope in him, the relief, right before the anger returned and my door opened. I just have to make it till he gets here. I shove myself up against the wall, catching the window sill to keep from falling. The Stroli chuckles at my lack of balance. The Patronus approaches with a cup in his hand filled with a strong smell that I knew this time. 
The day Cash took me shopping he snatched the receipt from the sales lady and I had playfully stolen it from him trying to see the total he told the lady not to tell me. When the paper slid from his hand it caused a paper cut. I laughed hysterically about the amount of cursing he did over the little bitty cut that healed even before we left the store. But it was the smell of his blood I remember most about the cut. It had a smokiness to it as if he had just stepped out of a burning building and his clothes reeked of smoke. The cup had the same smoky smell.
“Are we going to fight this time or are we going to behave?” He runs his finger over my exposed breast, pausing at the seeping wound that hadn’t healed a bit. Archer’s blood had at least closed the marks he left. Bane’s had done nothing but satisfy my stomach for half as long as Archer. 
“Fuck you.” I rasp out then plow into him. Only problem is I am so weak he doesn’t even flinch, only laughs. With a flick of his wrist he hits me so hard across the face I fly through the room to land on the wooden floor flat of my back. I try to flip over and crawl. I can’t make my body move. He sits straddling me. I clinch my teeth weakly. It doesn’t take him long to pry my jaw apart for the Stroli to place the stick. 
I close my eyes and swallow as the cool liquid flows through my parted lips. I almost laugh as the taste of chocolate spreads over my taste buds. Chocolate and…..power. He had used magic before this blood was taken. I didn’t know all the details about their abilities or if magic would even stay in stored blood but that is what it tasted like. Where Dare’s always had two flavors now, I imagine Cash’s normally didn’t. It had taken The Binding to bring this out permanently in Dare’s blood. This was pure coincidence. 
The Patronus left my arms free this time knowing I was too weak to fight. I reach for the cup pulling it away from him and closer to my mouth. I push their hands away and remove the stick so I can drink it uninhibited, they let me without a fight. I can feel my wounds healing as I drink prompting me to gulp down the blood at a frenzied pace. Not able to get it down fast enough, I stop breathing and force myself to swallow in quick succession. 
“Cash? I would never have guessed that one.” The Patronus laughs out. I ignore him as I lick the cup clean as far as I can reach. If my hand would have fit in the slender cup I would have scraped the last remnants from the bottom but unfortunately it didn’t. His blood leaves me energized and renewed, not like Dare’s, but close.
“What mean, Cash?” The Stroli rasps out. 
“It is said only one mate is predestined for each woman, but yet they let the woman choose. That never made sense to me. It has been my theory for a while that two or more men were meant for one woman, that’s why they have the challenge set up. When she chooses she could pick another man. They can one, two or all feel the pull towards her but only one will win. If she was already claimed by Dare, Cash would never have stepped on his toes. He let him have her because that’s who she chose. Cash is a hard man but he’s honorable, unlike Dare.” With his words I drop the cup to the floor.
“You’re lying. I feel nothing but friendship for Cash. I love Dare.” 
Oh, hell! I loved the man. 
Oh, shit! I loved the damn man and I just told this asshole and not the man himself. 
Dare’s anger mixed with my own thrums through me. I pull back my fist and knock the Patronus off my lap with one punch, if the loud snap was any indication, breaking his jaw in the process. His howl of pain is satisfactory as I jump to my feet and dodge the approaching Stroli. 
I had no chance in hell of escape but I could try. I fake to the left then dart to the right. His heavy legs don’t let him move fast enough and I slide past him for the door. I slam it shut locking it, knowing it would only slow them down for a minute. I take the stairs two at a time grateful the old house has power in every room but mine allowing me to see my way out. I come to a skidding stop as I clear the landing. 
A man leans against the door frame to outside. No, not a man. This was something else. Not a Stroli or Patronus either. But still something just as deadly….
He is leaning casually against the frame, his legs crossed at the ankles, his left thumb tucked in the pocket of his jeans. His pale shirtless chest is ripped and broad showing off how potent he is. A shimmer of power glows around him pulsating darkness the likes I have never seen before. This man could break me with one flick of his wrist. 
His light haired head is tilted down to the cell phone in his right hand as if he didn’t see me standing in front of him. I sidestep once and his muscles ripple with the movement. Oh yes, he knew I was there. I launch myself sideways and run. Looking over my shoulder I see him leisurely push off the door jam and stroll forward never looking up from the phone, like he has all day to catch me. When I reach the room I’m escaping to, I see why.
The door is boarded up completely. So are the windows. There is no way out and he is now lounging against this door just as he was before, he’s even still looking at his phone. With nothing else to do I back myself into the corner against the door and wait with my lip firmly tucked between my teeth. 
The door upstairs crashes open and footsteps pound down the steps. The newcomer finally looks up. I gasp at the masculine beauty of the man but it is his eyes that throw me for a loop. They are smoldering liquid silver. I press myself tighter against the door, the fear inside me growing to dread. This was not a creature I wanted to mess with. This was a predator in every sense of the word and his feral gaze was on me.
Dumb and dumber finally make it down the stairs and skid to a stop both quaking in fear when they see Mr. Silver standing in the doorway. Both their aura’s pulse rapidly with their fear, or I imagine that’s what was causing it.
“Monty. We weren’t expecting you so soon. We have only tested three of the bloods. This was with Cash’s. She grew stronger and healed when Bane’s left her weak as a kitten. Archer’s healed her wounds but not her pains. We still have Emmitt and Fin to test.” The Patronus rambles nervously, his words slurred with the obvious pain in his jaw. However, Monty never takes his gaze from mine.
“Naveen Marnie Hannock. I have been watching you for years. It was a sad day when your Uncle died and I lost my informational contact on you. I had to have some of my lower Vamps keep watch over your whereabouts. They lost you in the woods of Yellowstone while trying to retrieve you for me out of the hands of those Beyers. I never wanted that fate for you. I knew what the birthmark meant the moment your Uncle told me about it. Your mother kept it a secret from me till she moved in with him when you were one. I had planned on taking you before you met one of the Brothers. I had such great plans for you and I.” He reaches forward to run one long manicured nail down my face almost gently. My body shutters in revulsion with his words and his icy touch. “If only Blaze would have kept a better eye on you we wouldn’t be here.” 
“Who are you?” I ask in the strongest voice I can muster while jerking my face away from his reach.
“My girl, I am your father.” My jaw hits the ground along with the Stroli and the Patronus’s. Sensing things were about to go from bad to worse the Patronus turns tail and runs. Monty doesn’t bother giving chase and lets him flee. “I knew he was a coward.” His lips turn up into a feral grin, the tips of fangs showing. 
“You’re a Vampire.” His grin grows with his nod. “You can’t be my father. Vampires can’t have kids.” I stutter out in disbelief. He throws his head back and laughs.
“Human’s and their myths. Of course we can. We can also walk in the daylight, eat garlic, survive a stake to the heart, and holy water is delicious.” His silver eyes glow with mirth as they begin to swirl hypnotically. My head starts to feel dizzy and my body heavy. “Come with me, Naveen. I will take care of you, forever.” Go with him. I needed to go with him. My feet begin to step forward on their own. His hand reaches for me and I find mine lifting to his. A blast of rage from Dare rips me out of whatever trance I’m in. I stumble backwards as if I was smacked. 
“No. My place is with the brothers. That’s where I belong.” I want to say my place is with Dare but something inside me stops the name from falling as if the brothers as a whole meant more than just one name. 
His smile turns to a sneer as he rakes me from head to toe. I want to close the top of my dress to hide from him but I know that would show a weakness to this creature and he would take advantage of any weakness. He was a parasite who preyed on defenseless humans. I wasn’t human anymore. I straighten to my full height and let the Vampire look.
“You always were strong. Your Uncle was meant to break you for me. Teach you submission, for when I came for you I would have little to do. Normally I would have enjoyed breaking you myself, however not being able to fuck you took the appeal away for me.” I involuntarily blanch at his words.
“You mean Vampires have morals? You don’t strike me as the type.” I spout off. His hand comes up as if to slap me but halts mere millimeters from my face. His icy fingers cup my cheek and red hot pain spirals through me, my body arches, a silent scream on my lips. His hand leaves and I slump back against the door, gasping. Dare’s emotions inside me intensify to overwhelming fury.
“I have enough morals not to sleep with my daughter, but I can be persuaded.” The grin that mars his mouth is one of pure evil. I would do good not to piss him off again. Whether he believes me to be his daughter or not, he would kill me in a heartbeat. After he raped, beat and tortured me to within an inch of my life. Then he’d let me heal and do it again till he no longer needed me. 
“That idiot raising you did a piss poor job of teaching you anything. He may not have been able to get you to submit but I will have you on your knees begging me to stop before this day comes to a close. I didn’t kill your mother just to deal with that idiot brother of hers for years not to have you now. You belong to me not the Beyers Brothers. If you surrender to anyone, it will be to me!” He killed my mother? How is that even possible? 
It was a drunk driver, or was it?. I know for a fact we had a wreck, I can remember the accident that killed her. But was the driver really drunk or had Monty made him do it with those hypnotic eyes? I didn’t have time to dwell on this right now. He knew about The Claiming and the surrender it called for but how much did he know about The Binding?
“So why keep me here? Why the blood? Why let dumb and dumber here knock me around if it’s you who wants me?” His silver eyes flash with annoyance.
“Striker says you bound yourself to Dare. He says you have to have Dare’s blood to live. You are part Vampire, I say any blood will do. The coward wanted to test all the brothers’ blood to see what effects they had on you before giving you a human to drain. I was busy so I let him and Striker have their fun till I could get away to retrieve you. Now we go home and I test your limits. We will see if you survive long enough to drink a human or if I kill you before you get the chance. And Naveen, I have no attachment to you. I will kill you if you defy me.” What was it with all these men wanting my submission or surrender?! What did I do to them? Do I have ‘I like to be beaten into submission’ tattooed across my forehead?
“I will never obey you and I will never hurt a human. You should follow through on that threat and just kill me.” I spit out.
“We will see. I am very persuasive.” His eyes begin to swirl once more. I slam mine shut before he can influence me. His icy hand wraps around my throat, immediately pain rips through my body. “That way was painless, this way isn’t. Your choice.” He drops me back to the door gasping. Rage the likes of nothing I have felt before engulfs me from Dare. He was livid.
The whomp-whomp-whomp of helicopter blades can be heard overhead before two loud thump-thumps hits the roof. Monty looks up and shakes his head with disgust, as if a gnat had landed in his bowl of Cheerios. He sighs then looks to me.
“I will have you, Naveen. Your Uncle was an angel compared to me. Come with me now and I will spare your lover.” I shake my head and plaster myself against the door again. He raises his hand and points to the Stroli, never taking his eyes from mine. “Kill him.” He says it with joy dripping from his tongue. Does he not realize killing Dare killed me? 
No, I don’t think he did. He only knew what Striker had told him and that was I needed blood to live. I had no doubt Dare could take the lone Stroli but could he take the Vamp who was claiming to be my father?
Suddenly the front door burst open admitting Archer, Emmitt and Fin. I stare for a minute at Archer, awed by the blue glow of power that surrounds him. It pulses along with his heartbeat, emitting bright flashes of pure light with each throb. I knew Archer had power however, no one had let on exactly how much. 
I noticed earlier all the brothers had a similar shimmer around them but I was too shocked by Dare’s announcement that I was pregnant to pay much attention. Dare’s white glow rivaled but didn’t surpass Archer’s blue. Compared to Archer, Dare and Monty the other four men’s were faint. With them it’s as if someone had dumped a different color glitter for each man into a fan then let it swirl around them. Whereas Dare and Archer radiated light and power, Monty was evil darkness, and the others were illuminated by a faint glimmering hint of otherworldliness. 
When Archer and Monty meet gazes Archer’s lip curls in disgust and pure hatred drips off the even tempered man. The light and dark pulses around each man intensify. As if a bell is rung they fling themselves toward each other, swords materializing in their hands. With a loud clash of metal they join. Emmitt and Fin skirt the battle to stand guard in front of me blocking my view. I really didn’t care to watch anyway, I knew who would win this. Or at least I hoped. 
Crashing from upstairs drags my attention to the steps. In a mess of monster and legs the Stroli and Dare come rolling down the steps collapsing the rotten stairs as they went. Cash stands at the top looking down. His eyes find mine, relief rolls across his face before he jumps to the first floor, nimbly landing in a crouch. He strides to me and joins the mass of men guarding me.
“Did the Vamp bite you?” He asks quietly in front of me.
“No, the Patronus did.” All three grow rigid and turn to me with questioning eyes.
“Patronus? Are you sure?” I nod to Cash. I almost felt like I was being rude since it was Emmitt who asked the question but Cash’s blood had just saved my life and I felt I owed it to him to speak to him directly.
“Of course, I am. He took off out of here about five minutes before you guys showed up.” I wasn’t about to tell them that he ran when the Vampire said he was my father. No way in hell. They exchange a look between the three of them then turn back around, all but Cash.
“Did Striker or Monty hurt you?” He asks softly. I shuffle nervously. They both had but I wasn’t sure I wanted Cash to know this. I didn’t want him knowing how weak I was or how his blood made me strong enough to fight or what the Patronus said about that being a sign I was his, not Dare’s. 
I didn’t want to be his. 
“Who is Striker?” I ask innocently. I was stalling, exactly what I hated them doing to me. But if I could prolong the questions he would never get to the ones that bothered me most. Was Monty really my father? Was I meant for Cash?
“The Stroli.” My eyes close on a nod. A growl rips from his throat. “What did he do?”
“He hit me. He helped hold me down and force the blood down my throat…..cut my face….threw me. The Patronus did most of the abusing.” The look in Cash’s eyes was nothing short of murderous. I think he had been content to leave him to Dare until that moment. He turns sharply on his heel and marches towards the two who are fighting beyond Archer and Monty.
With Cash’s departure a spot opens up allowing me to see the two fights. Dare swings two daggers in his hands as he dances around Striker. He slashes with one drawing blood across the monsters chest. Striker roars in pain then swipes out with his claw barely missing Dare’s head. Dare meets Cash’s gaze while sidestepping another swing, his gaze narrows on Cash then cuts to me and back to Striker. It only takes a split second but in that moment a plan is formed between the brothers. Dare begins to turn, leading Striker he starts to swing and slash with his daggers. He wasn’t trying to hit the creature, only to position him for the incoming death blow from Cash. 
“This is for my sister.” Cash says in that same deathly whisper Dare uses. Coming up behind Striker, with one swing of his sword he decapitates the monster. His head drops to the ground and rolls away. The turquoise aura immediately vanishes from around the body, proving he was dead. As one they turn to Archer.
Archer swings out with his sword, Monty blocks with his own. They dance together for a minute before shoving at one another and breaking apart. Archer immediately spins, catching the Vampire across the side and drawing blood. Okay, so that answers my question about if Vamps bled or not. 
With an inhuman cry Monty lashes out at Archer, who blocks each thrust expertly and easily as if he was playing a game with a child. Monty drops back and in an instant Archer is pushing him further back with his own blows. The Vampire isn’t as skilled as Archer, who gets in two more hits before a third tears open Monty’s leg. The Vampire lets out a shriek of outrage.
“This isn’t over daughter.” In an instant, he is gone. All six men turn to me.
“Daughter?” They ask in unison. I shrivel under their stares.
“I didn’t know. He says he is, but I never knew my father. Mom never told me anything, Uncle neither. I have no clue if he is lying or not!” I shriek out, my nerves finally getting the best of me. Dare sprints forward and catches me as I collapse unto the filthy floor. “Take me home, Dare. Please, take me home.” He lifts me into his arms and jogs from the house.
“As you wish, Parvulum.” I bury myself into his chest, taking his scent deep into my lungs. 
Woods and man. 
My man. 

****

As we settle into the Chopper I pull my shirt over my head and slip it on Marnie to cover her tattered dress. I glance discreetly at her chest and notice the wound where she’d been bitten was healed but had left a small scar, same as her neck and face. In a few days or possibly sooner, once she was stronger, even the scars would be gone. The physical ones anyway. The mental ones might take longer. I knew I should wait till we were alone but I couldn’t stand it anymore and had to know who touched my mate. I lean down to her ear and whisper as quietly as I can, hoping only she will hear me over the blades.
“Who raped you?” Every man in the chopper freezes. Her face blushes a pretty pink. She shakes her head.
“He didn’t….. I mean he said he would after all the blood was tried but then I got away and ran into Monty downstairs, that’s when he fled. When Monty said I was his daughter, I think he was scared he’d kill him if he knew what all he’d done. But he never did um… he just rubbed hard while he waited for the blood to digest so I couldn’t throw it up. I knew that’s what you thought was happening but….” I place a hand over her mouth to stop her nervous babbling.
“Who’s he?” I growl. She jumps and I try to soften my expression but it doesn’t help.
“A Patronus. I hadn’t seen him before. But he had fangs, his bite didn’t kill me or make me sick and he growled like you do. From here.” She places her hand low on my chest.
“He bit you, is he the same one who hit you?” She nods. Her eyes refusing to meet mine.
“He did most of the abuse. He also got a kick out of my reactions to the different bloods.” She shrugs but cuts her eyes to Cash before quickly looking back at me. I can feel her confusion about something but from her nervousness when she looked at him I think I better wait to ask her. Archer cocks his head obviously listening to her inner thoughts. Bewilderment filters across his features as he looks between Cash and I. 
“What difference?” Fin asks oblivious to her state of mind.
“Well, um…. Archer smelled sweet like candy and tasted like peppermint. His blood healed me but it took longer than normal and only closed the wounds. It left the ache and bruises from the beating.” I tense around her and she stops to look at me nervously with a question in her eyes.
“Continue, I’m fine.” She nods then looks to Bane.
“Bane smelt bittersweet but tasted like honey. His didn’t heal me at all and I was hungry much faster.” Her gaze goes back to Cash and she wiggles in my arms when he meets her eyes. Knowing she was caught she continues. “Cash, I almost laughed when I tasted yours. It was chocolate.” No one holds back their laughter when she grins at Cash who smirks at her. 
“Um…it smelt like smoke and… um… yours also had something else… You must have been using magic before Angie took it because the same thing I call power in Dare’s blood was in yours. It healed me completely before I was done drinking it and made me stronger. It was immediately after I drank yours that I broke the Patronus’s jaw and escaped the Stroli only to run into Monty.” Her blush was a deep crimson now and I wonder what she was leaving out.
“You broke his jaw?” Cash asks impressed. She nods not meeting his eyes. Actually she hasn’t looked at him since she mentioned his taste. Her nerves were everywhere and something had her scared of his or my reaction to something unsaid.
“What about Fin and I? What do we taste like?” Emmitt laughs out. She shrugs.
“Didn’t make it to you two. Thank God. All the tastes and smells confused me. No offense boys but I would rather never have to drink your blood again. I’ll stick to my mate.” She snuggles into my chest her eyes locking onto my neck. Her stomach grumbles loudly causing a flinch.
“Do you need to eat?” I ask her, catching her eye. That pretty blush grows deeper as she glances around the chopper. 
“I can wait.” She says on a gulp, her eyes locking back onto my neck. Chuckles come from around us.
“Marnie, you have been through hell tonight. If you want to latch on to his neck then go for it. We will even look away if you want.” Cash laughs out, an unknown tension underlying his words. She meets his eyes directly, more emotion than is warranted in her voice.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to make anyone uncomfortable.” His smile is slow but honest.
“Soror, no matter which one of us had the woman on our lap the rest would be uncomfortable. I’m not going to lie to you, it is arousing for you when you do it and it is arousing for us to watch. That being said, we would rather you be well fed and taking care of our nephew than to sit there and wait just to make us feel better. Now eat up and feed that child.” She glances around to see their agreeing nods and encouraging smiles.
“When you put it that way….” Her hand flutters over her belly for a moment before she turns her head and sinks her teeth deep into my neck as if she was starving for me. Maybe she was, I sure was for her but I held myself in check because of all she had been through today. Also we were in a chopper with my brothers and if I tasted her I would take her. 
My head drops back on the seat with a moan as power begins to ripple over my bare chest. The chopper is completely silent while we sit there, her feeding and me steadily growing with energy. After about ten minutes her head drops back, her eyes closed, her scars gone, her breathing deep and even, she was asleep. I was alive with power, on a helicopter, with her in my arms, and I couldn’t move for risk of blowing us out of the sky.
“Maybe that wasn’t such a good idea.” Bane mutters prompting me to lift my head and open my eyes. The inside of the chopper was well lit by the power crackling over my skin.
“Nope. Not the best idea until I know how to control this. How much further Jack?” I ask meeting his wide eyed look. He clears his throat before looking back forward.
“Twenty minutes till touchdown but I’m not rushing. You want me to step on it?” I laugh.
“Yeah, that would be a good idea. If I sneeze we’re done for.” As I wanted the tension is cut as everyone but Jack laughs at the reminder of me blowing up the TV.
Within five minutes we touchdown at the temporary housing. I didn’t believe they would attack here twice in less than two days so we returned here for the remainder of the night. The compound would be ready by tomorrow evening and we would move then. Cash jumps from the chopper then reaches up to me to take Marnie. He volunteered to carry her inside while I dismissed this power somehow. Fin offered to throw apples at my head but that was a little too messy for this late at night or early in the morning, however, you wanted to look at it. For now I was just going to try to blow a hole in the ground. 
I watch as Cash enters the house after Emmitt comes back out to let him know it’s clear. Watching them rally around Marnie tonight like she was truly their sister filled me with pride for my brothers. I realized once she was taken how much the woman had come to mean to me. I had always heard that love came eventually with our mates, some even got lucky enough to have it come as quickly as a couple of weeks after The Claiming. It had barely been a week since she rescued me in that forest and I was head over heels in love with her. If I stopped lying to myself I’d say I was in love with her as I carried her through the forest away from the Stroli and Vamps attacking our campsite.
Now I just had to find a way to tell her.

****

I wake in warm, strong, arms that feel all wrong. Cash’s deep smoky smell washes over me as we enter mine and Dare’s bedroom. My body tenses remembering the monster holding me here. 
“It’s alright. You’re home. We checked the house, it’s clear. Dare will be in soon. Go back to sleep, Soror.” No, I’m not home. Not yet. He lays me on the bed and covers me up then turns to leave. 
“Cash?” He pivots back to face me. I pat the bed. “Sit for a minute. I need to talk to you about something rather embarrassing.” He quirks a brow with a smug smile as he sits.
“And what could that be?” Humor drips from his voice.
“Um… The Patronus, he said something and I need an honest answer from you. You will probably lie to me anyway but I have to ask. I will wonder forever if I don’t.” I keep my eyes averted from him while I babble. He lays a hand on my cheek turning it to face him.
“I told you the day we went shopping I would never lie to you. Now what has you tied up in knots? I could see something bothering you on the chopper but didn’t want to push you. Was it the fact my blood was different from theirs?” I slide my hand over his in comfort.
“Sort of. I fought theirs. The minute yours touched my tongue I wanted more. I think it was the fact I could feel it healing me because it wasn’t anything like what Dare’s does to me but it was relief. The wounds closed, the pain abated, I felt alive again, you know?” He nods when I pause in thought. “The Patronus…he said that he thought the reason the woman was given a choice is more than one brother could have been my mate and my reaction to your blood says it was you. You didn’t speak up because I had already chose Dare and he claimed I was his. Is this true? Did you feel what Dare did?” His face softens and a small smile creeps up his lips.
“I don’t know what answer you want Marnie but the truth is no. I felt a pull, yes. But it was an instant like, a brotherly kind of like. Dare’s claim is the rightful claim. You were meant for him and only him. I don’t know why this man thinks this but it simply isn’t true. I love you as a sister and I will be here for you when you need me but that is all. I did not and will not claim a mate that isn’t mine.” A knot that had been in my stomach since hearing the man talk unties itself and finally lets me relax. Relief flies through me that I hadn’t upset my brother by not choosing him when only Dare had ever held my interest. 
“Thank you. You don’t know how bad what he said scared me. I love you like a brother and nothing more but to think I hurt you made my insides tight. I might not agree with all that’s happened with Dare but he is mine and I love him.” I whimper and throw a hand over my mouth. “Oh shit! I said that out loud again and it wasn’t to Dare!” Cash throws his head back and laughs. 
“I won’t tell him if you don’t. But you do need to tell him those words. He is a hard man to understand but he loves you too, Marnie. If you don’t believe me go check out what he did to Emmitt’s room while we were searching for you. It is destroyed.” He chuckles. I rub my knuckles awkwardly.
“I felt that, I don’t need to see it.” His smile fades some.
“Are you okay after….” His fingers begin to thrum rapidly on the bed and I cover them gently with my hand.
“I will be but if you don’t mind will you stay till Dare comes in?” With his nod I snuggle down into the bed then add almost as an afterthought. “And leave the light on please. Only till I fall asleep.” I yawn and let my eyes close.
“You got it, Soror. No more worries tonight. You’re safe now.” He gently caresses my hair comfortingly as I drift into a state of in between. Several minutes later footsteps can be heard entering my room and bringing with it the strong scent of woods and man. I want to see him however, my eyes refuse to open.
“Is she asleep?” Dare asks in quiet tones.
“Yeah. We need to find this guy. He filled her head with all kinds of bullshit. Not to mention the abuse.” Cash growls out after he rises from the bed.
“What bullshit?” Dare takes his spot stroking my hair gently.
“That I was also a choice for a mate for her because she enjoyed my blood. She said she could feel it healing her and needed the relief. He told her I kept my mouth shut because you already claimed her. Trust me, I would never have kept my mouth shut if I thought she had been mine.” The honesty in his words is the final nail. He wasn’t lying to me because he wouldn’t lie to Dare. If nothing else, the brothers were honest with each other, no matter the consequences. 
Dare was meant for me and me alone.
“No, she was mine. I wouldn’t have claimed her had I not known for sure. I even asked you all if anyone else felt it. You all said no.” Dare declares with confusion in his voice. His weight leaves the bed and I can hear his pants swish as he paces. I’ve noticed when he thinks he paces.
“That was the truth then and now. She is yours, brother. I might not agree with how you treat her sometimes or what you did to her but she is yours and I respect that. I’ll only bitch if I see a reason to. Right now she is happy with you just the way you are. Get in bed, man. Hold her tight and don’t let go. Some of us dream of what you have.” A slap sounds and I imagine he pats Dare’s back, then the door shuts.
“And he was the one I thought would be the last to want a mate.” Dare scoffs under his breath. I hear his pants hit the floor then the bed dips and his arms wrap around me pulling me close. Woods and man fill my senses. 
Now, I’m home.

Chapter Eighteen


I wake to the ringing of my phone. Unknown number flashes across the display along with the time, it has only been an hour since I laid down. I growl out my greeting in frustration. 
“This better be good.” I throw my arm over my eyes in exhaustion as a cheery voice breaks across the line.
“Hey Dare. Um, it’s Chuck. You know that favor you owe me?” Oh hell, not now.
“Yes?” Had I known he would choose this moment, I never would have told him that.
“Some of the supplies were left in Yellowstone and I’m being sent to retrieve them. You know, to cover our existence and all that. I was wondering since you were there could you ride with me and show me exactly where I can find them? I have coordinates but you know how that goes.” I sigh, realizing he wasn’t asking for much. Of all the things the man could have wanted, company wasn’t what I expected. I could kill two birds with one stone if I went and stop to get Marnie’s things while there. It would be a surprise for her.
“When?” Hearing the acceptance coming, his voice jumps with cheeriness.
“Half hour work for you? Archer wants it done, like yesterday.” Yeah, if Archer thought anything was left behind he wouldn’t let exhaustion change anything. I wonder what it took him a week to remember was left? Then again none of our minds have been on much else than Marnie and attacks since that night.
“I’ll meet you at the helipad.” I click off and let my heavy arm fall to the bed. 
“Who was that?” Marnie mumbles sleepily.
“Just a guy I owe a favor to. I need to take a short trip. Are you awake enough to feed before I go? I don’t want you hungry. The babe needs continuous nutrition.” I know I am trying to convince her to eat with the words and aren’t sure why I feel the need. She had eaten no less than two hours ago and in theory would be fine for four more. And now that we knew my brothers could sustain her she wouldn’t have to suffer.
“I told you I wasn’t fighting you anymore. If you think I need to eat then I will. Besides, I’m becoming fond of this intimate act. It’s something you share only with me. I like that.” With her slightly amused, slightly embarrassed words she sinks her teeth into my neck, drawing deeply from me. Instantly the power begins to crackle through me. 
I was getting used to the feeling. I’ve been thinking about this and have an idea of how I could control it. If it wasn’t dancing on my skin but inside me like the magic we use when fighting Fairies and Witches then maybe I could hold onto it and use it at a later time. And maybe I wouldn’t blow us all up with it. 
So this time I ignore my raging hormones and concentrate on absorbing the power into my skin while she drinks. I watch as the light slowly disappears and the roll of power becomes internal instead of external. It gives me an indestructible feeling while it skitters around inside me. She begins to pull away and I place my hand on her head interrupting her.
“No. I don’t know for sure how long I’ll be. Take more, get completely full. You can’t take too much, it replenishes almost as quickly as you take it. In about five minutes after you finish I will have the same amount you started with. Eat your fill, Parvulum.” She hums an acceptance before continuing. 
I don’t know that she has ever drank till she was perfectly content before. I have always thought she only went till the pain stopped not wanting to take too much from me. I never questioned it because I knew her struggle with this and wanted to let her do as she needed to get comfortable with it. Also, I was selfish, small amounts meant she had to bite me more often and I really enjoyed this time together. Even if she didn’t. Although with her words I believe that was changing. 
This time she laps it up greedily without hesitation taking the most she ever has. The longer she feeds the more the power builds till it seems to hit a breaking point and levels off inside me. Even as she continues to draw long pulls the power maintains its consistency. I no longer feel like I am going to explode with excess energy either. If it wasn’t for the low hum in my ears I would think everything was normal. With the building power no longer an issue, the sexual tension in the room rises. My body hardens with need for her.
“Do you have time?” She asks as she tentatively brushes a hand over my erection. I growl low in my throat.
“No, I don’t. But I could go for a taste of what’s to come if you don’t mind?” I let my tongue run sensually over my mark on her neck, her body trembles for me.
“Yes, please do.” She purrs before clamping back down to enjoy her meal. Ever so slowly I slide my fangs into her skin eliciting a rough moan from her. This is my first drink since she became pregnant. Her brown sugar and vanilla burst over my tongue with a new flavor of innocence laced into the thick liquid. My child, our child. A small smile lifts the corners of my mouth as I drink deeply for only a moment before reluctantly pulling back. The babe needed the nourishment more than I did. She pulls away at the same time with a contented sigh.
“Wow. That much gave me a head rush. I feel like I could run a marathon right now but I’m too full to move.” She giggles, curling back up. I lay a kiss on her forehead then crawl unwillingly from our bed. “Be careful.” She mumbles half asleep already.
“I will, Parvulum.” Aggravated, I pull on clothes and jog for the helipad.
Chuck is already in his seat ready to go when I pull myself into the co-pilots chair. He nods without looking at me while flipping switches to rise into the air. Ten minutes into the flight he turns his face partially my way to gaze at me.
“I heard what happened. Is your girl home safe?” He asks pleasantly. I nod while answering a text.
“She’s home. Safe, I’m not so sure about. When I find the traitor that hurt her then I will know she is safe.” I grind out remembering her sureness it had been a Patronus, someone sworn to protect mankind, that hurt her. He flinches with my words.
“Traitors aren’t something we have often. Are you sure she wasn’t wrong and it was a Shifter or Vamp that was there?” He turns his attention back to the nobs in front of him.
“No. She was sure. It was a Patronus.” He looks back to me with a defiant look flashing in his eyes. The sun glints off his face, a small harsh bruise on his jaw is highlighted by the rising sun. “Damn. What happened to your jaw?” I chuckle.
“My brother lost his temper and broke it.” He mutters turning his head quickly away from me. I answer an incoming text then turn my attention back to him. Something wasn’t right about his explanation. His brother had catcher mitts for hands. The bruise on his jaw was from someone with a much smaller fist.
“Really? Denver hit you? When did it happen, it looks fresh?” He doesn’t answer while he fiddles with switches. Uneasiness begins to fill me. Hadn’t Marnie said she broke someone’s jaw? We heal fast, some faster than others depending on bloodlines, but it hadn’t been long since it happened. Three, four hours maybe? If she really broke it and he didn’t partake in any blood but let it heal naturally, then it would take that long for the bones to mend completely before the bruise began to heal. Bruises, being superficial, were always the last thing to go. “I’m surprised he only broke it and didn’t shatter it. He’s a big boy.” I force a chuckle relaxing him some.
“He wasn’t completely awake and only clipped me. I woke him up by accident last night and he has a tendency to swing before opening his eyes.” He lies easily but the set of his jaw and shoulders gives him away.
“Yeah, Marnie does that too. She has a mean right hook.” I laugh out while watching him for a reaction. He rubs his jaw unconsciously, a flash of anger lights his eyes before leaving. With it, I had my answer. It is all I can do not to break his jaw again. Somehow I restrain myself, I need to know where he is taking me. This had nothing to do with equipment left behind. If he was the one who hurt Marnie then he was worried about retaliation, he needed me out of the way. I bet Archer never asked him to go anywhere. This was a setup. I send a text to Archer. As I have been steadily texting he pays no attention to my action.
*On chopper with Chuck, his jaw was broke last night. Think I’m being taken into an ambush. Need help.*
“Did Archer tell you what was left? What is it we’re after?” I keep my tone casual, my body tension normal, however his fidgeting is getting erratic and I believe he suspects I know.
“Something about a small electronic device Emmitt was using. It has information on it and we should find it where your tent was set up. He thinks the recovery team lost it while they packed up the stuff when they came to retrieve it.” I nod. My phone goes off.
*On our way. Following GPS signal. Will be no more than five minutes behind you soon.*
The response has my tension easing. The rage roiling inside me however doesn’t let up as I try not to kill the man. “I know where the tent was. I also know what device you are talking about. It’s green and about half the size of a cracker, should be easy to find in the grass.” I say sarcastically. He chuckles nervously. 
We fly in silence for another hour, my anger steadily building. The power from Marnie’s feeding wants to leap out and take him down and it’s all I can do to keep it in check as we fly into the forest terrain of Yellowstone. 

****

After Dare leaves I toss and turn trying to go back to sleep. It’s no use. Without him here I feel restless and nervous. The energy I received from the power in his blood has my insides bouncing off the walls. Not to mention the fact I was scared. The image of that monster standing with me in his arms while Dare looked on in horror won’t leave me. Dare’s aggravation at having to leave skitters under my skin making it worse. 
Giving up on sleep I sit up against the headboard and grab his sketch pad from under his pillow. He had left everything else in Texas. I flip through the first few sketches to find they are all of me. He is good. Damn good. I smile at the fourth drawing as I remember how scared and turned on I was at that moment. You think hanging precariously twenty eight feet up in a tree with a man pressing into you would not be a turn on when fear was racing through you. However, even when I was in that damn tree he had me snared in his charm. His was a frightening charm at the time, but charm nonetheless. 
After last night, after meeting Monty, Dare didn’t scare me as much anymore. None of the brothers did. They weren’t the most dangerous predator out there. In my eyes, Monty was. I didn’t care if he claimed to be my father, that man, no…. Vampire, that Vampire would never have me. I didn’t want to be with Dare when things had been explained to me after The Claiming was complete but now, now I wanted to be nowhere else. He was stuck with me and if it meant obeying the man, so be it. After meeting Monty I will gladly do as Dare commands if he will keep me away from that Vamp.
Unease swallows me. Dare. I jump from the bed tossing the book aside and quickly throw on my clothes. Someone had brought the few outfits from Texas and put them in the drawer for me but I hardly notice as I shove my feet in my shoes. I sprint across the hall to pound on Cash’s door. It opens seconds later to give me a full access view of a very built, very naked Cash. I slam my eyes shut and throw my hand over my face as he chuckles. The last thing I wanted to have in my head was any of my new brothers naked. 
Especially this one. 
I hear his footsteps retreat and clothes rustle as he dresses however, I don’t wait to begin speaking, something wasn’t right.
“Something’s wrong with Dare. He is uneasy and upset. It’s slowly growing into anger but there is something else. I think he is in trouble.” The words fall rapidly from my lips. A hand lightly circles my wrist pulling it away from my face however, my eyes stay firmly closed.
“I’m dressed, Marnie. Isn’t Dare in your room?” I shake my head then I let one eye crack open. Relief floods me when I see pants covering him. 
“Someone called. He said it was a guy he owed a favor to and he would be taking a short trip.” Suddenly unbridled fury rips through me knocking me backwards. Only Cash’s hand grabbing me keeps me from falling. “Oh man, he is pissed!” I moan out with the pain his fury was eliciting. This is the first time his emotions had caused me anything but wary thoughts. Even last night they had shook me but not caused me pain and last night he had been furious. What could have him so mad it hurt?
“Come on.” Cash drags me by the arm to the next door and enters without knocking. Archer is laid out over his bed on his stomach completely naked. I slam my eyes closed, again.
“Don’t men believe in pajamas!” I shriek. Cash drops my arm on a chuckle.
“Archer, Dare’s in trouble. Get up.” A slap sounds and I wonder where exactly he hit the naked man? No, I don’t want to know.
“What about Dare? He’s with Marnie, go away.” He mumbles sleepily.
“No, Marnie is right here cowering from your nakedness. She says Dare’s in trouble. He left…. When did he leave Marnie?” His voice grows louder as if he turns to face me but I am unwilling to look. I didn’t want to see any more naked brothers today. Springs creak, footsteps sound, a drawer opens and closes then material rustles. Thank God.
“Roughly thirty minutes ago. As I told you he said he owed the guy a favor and had to take a short trip but he didn’t say where or how long he would be gone. He’s just so angry. Something’s wrong.” Someone touches me and I jump.
“I’m dressed, Marnie. Look at me.” I hesitantly drop my hand to find a fully clothed Archer. He nods then opens his mouth to speak but his phone stops him. He yanks it from the dresser then inhales sharply while cutting a glance to me. “You said you broke the Patronus’s jaw, didn’t you?” I nod. “Well Chuck, the pilot Dare owed, has had his jaw broken recently.” He thumbs through his phone then turns it to me. “Recognize him?” 
My heart stops beating when the Patronus that tortured me comes into view. I step back away from the phone as if he could reach out and get me just from the picture. Cash’s hard body stops my retreat. His hands land lightly on my shoulders then squeeze with comfort.
“It’s alright. We will take care of him.” I don’t have to look to his face to know Cash was plotting Chuck’s death. I nod.
“Dare?” I squeak. He was with this man. That’s why he was angry, he knew. He knew this was the man that he thought raped me. I’m surprised Chuck wasn’t already dead.
“They are flying right now. He believes he’s being led into an ambush. Wake the boys and ready the men, Cash. We have a brother to save. We leave in five minutes.” They jump into action, Cash leaves with one more squeeze to my shoulder, Archer starts grabbing weapons from under his bed and dresser drawers, hiding them all over his person. I stand and stare at him. I needed to go with them. I needed to help Dare. He had come for me, I would go for him. I open my mouth but Archer cuts me off. “No.”
“You don’t even know what I was going to say.” I protest throwing my hands on my hips like a brat.
“Yes, I do. You were going to say you’re coming and the answer is no. Dare would kick my ass if I showed up in battle with you.” He is still pulling out weapons as his head shakes back and forth.
“Archer! He came for me. We are stronger together. I have seen the power my feeding gives him, felt it building. I can help him. I need to go.” I hadn’t said anything to Dare about it yet but the power that fills him seeps into his blood filling me with energy I have no idea what to do with. The first two times it was mild and knocked me out cold. By the time I woke it was gone. This morning had been different. I had felt the sleepiness coming that’s why I tried to pull away from him. When he urged me to continue something changed. He was more in control of the power coursing through him, he even made it stop building. When he did that it became constant and steady in his blood and filled me with an energy that hyped me up yet knocked me down leaving me comfortable but vibrating. I wasn’t saying I had magical powers but my body was humming for a good fight. Especially with Dare’s anger fueling it.
“Not no, but hell no, Marnie. Dare would kill me, brother or not. Do I need to force you to stay here? I really hate using that on you but if I need to I will.” If I pushed he would. No, I couldn’t have him doing that. It was bad enough I was desperately lying to myself to keep Dare’s wants and needs from stopping me
“No.” I turn and stalk from the room. . I just needed to get on that chopper. Sprinting down the hall I reach our room and slam the door. Quickly I search in the same spots Archer was pulling weapons from. I find a small dagger under the mattress but nothing else. I tuck it in the back of my pants then crawl out the repaired window. They weren’t stopping me from going. 
The only one who could stop me from getting on that chopper was Dare and he wasn’t here to command me to stay. In my head I twist things to the point that I convince myself he wanted, needed, begged me to go and save him. He would need the power I gave him, he would want my blood to heal any damage done and he would beg me to be careful above all else. For a split second my body freezes but my mental games pay off allowing me to flee quickly and quietly. Thank God for small miracles! 
Skirting the houses I reach the helipad just as five choppers land. I sprint towards the closest one, jumping rapidly into the open door I roll under the seats cramming my small body into the compartment there. I manage to slide the door shut hiding me from view in the cramped space. Something was poking me in the middle of my back painfully but I leave it alone when I hear men begin to enter the chopper. I’m hopping with all the noise they won’t hear me breathing, at least not till we are far enough away that they won’t turn around.
“Did you find her?” Archer’s heated voice makes my body shudder. The chopper begins to lift.
“No and I don’t have time to babysit Dare’s mate.” Bane growls out. Oh, he was mad too. I was going to be in so much trouble for this. 
“I’m sure she probably ran to Angie crying like women do.” Cash’s calm voice is punctuated by a double tap to the door I’m hiding behind. Did he know I was there?
“You better be right. If she finds a way to come Dare will kill us all.” Fin mutters under his breath. I had to pick the chopper holding them, didn’t I? I couldn’t have gotten into one with the other men. No, five to choose from and I had to pick theirs.
“Have you received anymore texts from Dare?” Emmitt asks, his voice on edge.
“Only one. They were supposed to be heading into Yellowstone. He believes they are going to land in the same clearing we fought in. It would make for a good ambush spot if that’s where they’re going. He isn’t sure. I wish I knew what Chuck used to get him on that chopper alone. It’s not like Dare.” Archer muses.
“Yeah, I didn’t think he would leave Marnie alone after last night. I mean, I have seen Dare mad before but I have never seen him like that. That man never loses control of himself and last night he was downright insane. I had thought I wanted a mate till watching him. I don’t know if it’s worth it.” Emmitt chuckles lightly. 
“You know damn well you would have traded him spots in a heartbeat. Even as pissed as he was we all want a mate. Dare may have done some things we wouldn’t have but he loves that woman completely. If he didn’t he would never have lost it like he did. I just hope she realizes if she puts herself in more danger he’s liable to get them both killed trying to save her.” Oh yes, Cash knew I was here. That was said for me not his brothers. My heart rate picks up to dangerous levels. A thunk sounds on the door like it had been kicked. I take it as the warning he meant it and try to calm down before they all heard me.
“You’re right. No matter what hell he’s going through I would trade him places if I could. I was pissed when I first saw her. When Dare said he found a mate I was hoping…..I guess we all were, huh?” Someone slaps Bane on the shoulder in comfort as ‘yeps’ and ‘yeses’ sound from the brothers. Being with these men the past few days I would never believe any of them wanted a woman in their lives much less this badly. I hope more mates show up soon though I hope they have a better time of it than I have. I relax in my hole as much as I can with the thing poking me and wait for the chopper to stop. What I would do then I had no idea. Cash’s words flit through my head haunting me for the rest of the flight.
“Dare may have done some things we wouldn’t have but he loves that woman completely. I just hope she realizes if she puts herself in more danger he’s liable to get them both killed trying to save her.”

Chapter Nineteen


I search the woods surrounding the clearing but see nothing except trees as we come in for a landing. The campsite is less than half a mile from here and I’m not sure if he intends to jump me here or there. Out of habit I strapped my daggers to my waist before leaving but had nothing else with me. If there were more than a few I was shit out of luck. I could shift but unless my opponent was also a Shifter it wouldn’t do me any good. Magic against claws wasn’t a fair fight. Magic would win. 
Hopefully my brothers were armed to the teeth behind me. They were in a faster newer chopper and should have caught us quickly since Chuck hadn’t been in a hurry. Archer’s last text said they were staying far enough back to escape detection till we were on the ground. Well, we were on the ground, hurry the hell up.
“We hoofing it from here?” I ask as I climb down and press a hand to the center of my back. A cramp had started up some time ago that I couldn’t seem to work out. 
“Um, yes.” His eyes dart to and fro as he slowly climbs out of the chopper. His nervous chuckle isn’t reassuring.
“After you.” I say waving my hand forward. He nods then sprints into the woods with me following him. With the trees and other plant life my sense of smell is inhibited while I try to determine where the enemy might be hiding. I keep my eyes peeled but see nothing out of the ordinary on the way. We reach the clearing in only a few minutes, Chuck stopping in the middle.
“Where was the tent?” His voice cracks, his eyes dart, and his hands clench and unclench by his side. 
“Are we still playing this game, Chuck? You weren’t sent here for equipment. How many are coming for me? Or do you plan on taking me out alone?” I stalk towards him with my hand on my dagger. His body grows rigid before he pulls a tranquilizer gun from his waistband. “So that’s how you plan on doing it? The chicken shit way? You beat up on a defenseless woman but when faced with a real fight you cheat.” I growl out as flashes of Marnie’s pain spur my anger on.
“She wasn’t defenseless! That damn woman broke my fucking jaw!” He screams making my pride swell for her and my temper rise dangerously at the same time.
“You shouldn’t have been screwing with her to begin with. Haven’t you learned in your fifteen hundred some odd years that women are dangerous when backed into a corner?”
“Did she tell you how she licked the cup of Cash’s blood clean? She practically begged for more of him. I wouldn’t worry too much about her after your dead, she will be all over that man before her tears dry.” He laughs at the anger that crosses my face. I push the jealousy away knowing he was only taunting me. Besides, if he managed to kill me she would die too, he obviously didn’t know as much about us as he thought.
“How did you know the blood would work? Weren’t you taking a big risk forcing it down her throat?” It takes every bit of will power I have to keep my steps even and measured as I stalk towards him. One dart and I was a sleeping target. And a sleeping target was a dead target.
“I have been studying your bloodline for years. Most of The Binding is a mystery but I did find one passage in an old scroll stating when a woman was bound by blood and her mate died she could be sustained by the blood of a male relative if any existed. Well, that is if she lived. It is unknown if killing the mate will kill the woman. Over two thousand years ago during the one instance when The Binding has been successfully completed without killing the woman in the process they were killed at the same time to stop his reign of terror. I’m surprised you had the guts to try The Binding with how many women have died during The Changes.” What the hell was he talking about? Archer had said no one knew of The Binding but him. Seeing my confusion he laughs.
“You didn’t know that, did you? Your Uncle Gregory, being the oldest, knew the secret and decided he wanted to try it. He picked random human woman at first as test subjects. Of course, they weren’t intended mates and they died with the ingestion of his blood. He then got the idea of finding his brothers mates and using them. He would find them then challenge her chosen, killing off his brothers one at a time.” That’s why our father made the change to the challenge a thousand years ago? He changed it to no longer be death but unconsciousness or surrender. Had it been because Gregory killed all of his brothers on purpose?
“The first woman made it through the first four feedings, however when he pried her jaw open to force her to bite him he was too rough. Ripped it right off her head. The second didn’t survive the first part of The Change. She died three hours after The Binding was complete. Gregory said she was ranting incoherently about evil filling her body and taking over her mind. She managed to break a mirror and slit her wrists repeatedly till she bled out. With The Change not complete it killed her.” Evil filing her? The emotions and pain of being separated, Marnie and I shared those from the moment The Claiming had finished, or The Binding, I guess. I feel Marnie as if she is under my skin, with every breath and every thought she is with me. Was that what she experienced or was it something more?
“The third made it to the forty-eight hour mark but something went wrong as the hour struck and she was vaporized in a blinding white light. The fourth was your mother.” My procession halts on his words. A blinding white light? Had us being joined when the clock hit 12:05 been the only thing to save Marnie? The thought makes my insides roll with fear. I could have killed her if she refused me. And my mother? How the hell had he taken my mother?
“Excuse me?” I bite out.
“Brandos was the youngest, as you know. He had been searching for his mate since he realized what his brother was doing. He found her but for The Choosing to work Gregory had to be there. Your father found a loop hole though, Gregory didn’t know the woman was in the room. He left right before the choice was announced. Spies in your father’s compound alerted Gregory of what happened then told him of her whereabouts. He kidnapped her before your father could begin The Claiming. Of course he reached her in time to save her because the stipulations of The Binding required a full moon and it was the next night. Brandos killed Gregory while fighting to save Patrice, which affectedly ended your bloodline except for him and your mother. It was a happy day when she gave birth to Archer.” He spits this out like the words are a foul taste in his mouth. It obviously hadn’t been happy for him. “Brandos was the one who changed the rules to The Challenge, no longer does it require death.”
“What I don’t understand is if the first surrender had to be willingly done for The Binding to work how did he manage it by force?” I ask through gritted teeth. I needed all the answers before I killed the man.
“An intended mate will crave blood once it is introduced into her system. It isn’t unusual in most Claiming’s for the first feeding to be done by force, at least to begin with. If she didn’t except it the first time she more than likely would the second even if she didn’t want to. Her body wanted it, needed it, craved it, even if her mind didn’t. By swallowing the blood without fighting it she surrendered willingly whether she knew it or not. All it took was one second for her to let it go down without a struggle. One drink, one uninhibited drop and it was over.” Even Marnie had fought it to begin with. It was the idea that bothered her. Once she tasted it she had drank freely as if she had been starving for me her entire life. If others felt the same thing she did it would have been hard for them to fight the natural pull to drink, therefore freely giving up her surrender to The Change. 
“This craving is why it’s not uncommon for mates to live solely on blood even without The Binding. They can eat but prefer the blood to food. It is more satisfying. Your own mother would go hundreds of years without a single bite of food passing through her lips.” He is correct. Mother rarely ate food. As a matter of fact I believe it was only during pregnancy that she did.
“And you know all this, how?” I ask skeptically. 
“I am fifteen hundred and thirty eight years old. I was there. Who do you think held the women down for him? Who do you think took those first humans? Luckily your mother never saw me or I would have had to hide all these years. They were none the wiser after it was all done and I was able to plant myself into your compound after their deaths without any questions asked. Who do you think helped set up the ambush that killed your father?” His chest swells with pride. I roar in fury and launch myself towards him knocking him from his feet when my shoulder plows into his stomach, the tranquilizer gun flies through the air. This man has caused my family, my mate, enough trouble. He was going to die and I was going to kill him. 
I slam my fist into his jaw, rebreaking it. He howls in pain when my fist comes down again and again crushing his skull. His cries are cut off with the third blow. Retrieving my dagger from my belt I plunge it into his neck yanking left then right before watching in satisfaction when his head rolls away. He would never lay a finger on Marnie again. 
A slow steady clapping draws my attention to the clearing. I survey the fifty or so figures rimming the meadow. Stroli, Vampires, Shifters, Witches and even a Thanus or two stand watching me with varying degrees of humor etched on their faces. Clenching my fist around my dagger I drag myself to my feet to face the one clapping. Monty.
“I knew you would want to dispose of that coward. That’s why I let him flee last night. I couldn’t take the satisfaction of killing the man that harmed your mate away from you. I wanted it to be the last thing you did before I had you killed. For Naveen, of course.” I growl at the name she hated.
“Her name is Marnie.” I rumble out and cross my arms over my chest.
“No, her name is Naveen Marnie Hannock. Do you happen to know my full name?” I raise a brow at him. What in the hell did his name have to do with anything? “Neevan Monty Hannock.” My eyes widen as I realized the name he says that sounds more like ‘Knee-vawn’ was Naveen spelled backwards. Pride swells his chest.
“She was named after you? How much force did that take? Did you hypnotize her mother into sleeping with you also?” I grind out to his laugh.
“No need for that. I have a natural charm with the humans. When they dare to get close enough, that is. Had I known the secret to your mates I would have thought twice about fathering a child with her though. I learned my lesson and have made sure I didn’t sire any more mates for you assholes.” Why did I feel like everyone else knew more about my life than I did?
“Our mates have to be half Vampire?” I ask with confusion clear in my voice. He throws his head back and laughs.
“Not necessarily. I can’t believe you don’t know this.” He shakes his head. “Since I’m going to kill you anyway I’ll tell you the secret to the birthmark. It signifies not only they are meant for your kind but that they are half breeds. Whether it be Vampire, Shifter, Witch, Fairy, it doesn’t matter what breed the half, only that the second half be human. Some are more powerful than others although until they are mated their unique brand of magic isn’t normally released, though some show more promise than others. Marnie has something special about her. I saw it in her as a child. That’s why I had her mother killed and gave her to that imbecile of an Uncle to break. I planned on trying to mate her with a Vampire to draw it out of her but thanks to a few mishaps where she escaped my best vamp you idiots beat me to it. It’s a waste to have to kill you. I’ve enjoyed our sparring matches over the years. Nonetheless, you need to die to free her to take another mate.” Sparring matches? We had been in war for hundreds of years and he called it a sparring match? Stupid ass Vampire. Innocent people died and he thinks it’s a game.
“You will never have Marnie. She is safe far away from here, my brothers will make sure of it.” Besides if he kills me Marnie dies with me or so we think. I have hope maybe she won’t if Chuck found knowledge of the brothers being able to sustain her if I die. With luck she will live through this but I didn’t want to have to find out. I pull my other dagger readying for the fight.
“You’re all idiots. I have it on good authority she hopped onto their helicopter and hid. They don’t even know they brought her along.” He seems to find this extremely funny. I never knew ancient Vampires giggled like teenage girls. This one did. 
Damn it, Marnie. She better stay hidden till this is over or she will have hell to pay when I get her home.
“Shall we do this then? Me and you, or you going to be a coward and sick your lackeys on me?” I motion to the men and women surrounding me. Without warning two large men lunge forward shifting into tigers midair. “Lackeys it is, then.” I mutter and I send a burst of power into the earth to shake the rest off their feet, then shift into a panther and charge.

****

“I’m right behind you.” Cash’s voice causes me to cringe as the others leave the chopper. The door on my hiding place is slid open revealing his disapproving face. “You know you are in some major trouble right now, don’t you?” I nod. “Come on, get out of there.” I drag my cramped muscles out of the small space and force them shakily to stand. Being in the tiny area for so long had locked up every joint in my body. I stretch to get the feeling back in my fingers and toes while Cash watches disapprovingly. “Now sit.” He points to the seat closest to me. I obey rigidly.
Turning his back on me he grabs a length of rope from above the pilots head. The smirk on the pilot’s face said he knew exactly what was coming. I jump up and back towards the door. “Cash. Don’t.” I force out between gritted teeth. He turns back to me grabbing my arm and slinging me gently into the chair. He binds my wrists together then ties the length of rope left to the bottom somewhere under the seat. “Cash, please. I can help him. Drinking my blood gives him power. Please.” I beg as I thrash in the chair. “You can’t leave me here alone. What if someone comes? They will take me!” I wail. Nothing changes his actions. Once done with the rope he grasps my chin to look me in the eye.
“They don’t know you are here. Wren will stay just in case but you will be fine. I would never forgive myself if something happened to you. I should have made you get off the minute I realized you were down there but we were already in the air and my worry for Dare took over my better judgment for a moment. I’m kicking myself for it now. Stay here and don’t give Wren any problems. He has children and knows how to spank harder than Dare does.” His brow lifts in humor while my eyes cut worriedly towards Wren, whose eyes are wide with mirth and understanding. I wilt in embarrassment. Did everyone need to know he spanked my ass? 
Geez!
I huff and lean back in the seat not acknowledging Cash as he leaves. “I will never forgive you for this.” I mumble under my breath.
“At least this way you will be alive to hate me.” His answer comes from further in the woods as they run towards Dare’s position. 
“Damn Patronus hearing.” I can’t hear his laugh but I imagine I can. My bottom lip disappears between my teeth, worry and helplessness filtering through me. Wren, another large virile man with light hair, hazel eyes, full lips and enough laugh lines to convince me he was a good guy when he wasn’t babysitting grown women, watches me sulk for a minute then exits the chopper. I lean my head back against the wall trying to decipher the emotions coming from Dare.
Anger, of course, then there is confusion, hope, understanding and fear. It’s that fear that scares me. What could Dare be afraid of? The only thing he has ever shown fear over was me. Last night he was afraid while I was being tortured and the attack at the Texas compound he had been afraid when I was hurt. I wasn’t in danger that he knew of, why the fear? 
A noise outside has my head popping up in time to see Wren fall to the ground unconscious. 
Oh, God. I knew it!
I yank at the ropes to no avail, Cash had tied them tight. A giant man of seven feet jumps into the chopper then rakes me with a hard golden gaze before it turns to humor. His blonde hair is streaked in different shades from platinum to dark blonde, his features are sharp, rugged, serious, and the power that drips off him is dangerous.
“Looks like they did my job for me.” Chuckling, he pulls a knife from his hip and severs the rope from under the chair then forcibly pulls me up by it. His hand cups the back of my neck painfully, forcing me to look up at him. “Monty wants you alive. He didn’t say how alive. You heal. I can hurt you to the point you wish for death. As long as I don’t kill you completely you will be fine again soon after. Do I make myself clear?” I nod, terrified. Yeah, I got it. As long as I was breathing it didn’t matter what state my body was in when we arrived before Monty. If I fought he would do worse than kill me. From the power rippling over him I had no doubt he could.
He jumps down then grabs my waist lowering me to the ground. If he hadn’t just threatened me with violence I would think he was being a gentleman. I wasn’t fooled though. The man radiated power from his every pore. He has that same glow Archer and Dare do, only his was golden. It writhes and spins around his body as if in turmoil for some reason. He wasn’t a Patronus and I didn’t think he was a Vampire nonetheless he wasn’t human either. While we walk I gather enough courage to ask.
“What are you?” It doesn’t come out as strong as I want but it was too late now. He chuckles.
“Lion Shifter.” Wow, he turned into a lion? He was the first Shifter I had come across. If there are more here like him, we were screwed. He drags me behind him through the woods at a fast pace, his bare muscular back rippling with each step he takes. A fine sheen of sweat beads across his skin, the aura of power surrounding him makes it shine as it drips slowly down his back.
“Do all Shifters give off as much power as you?” I force out. The silence and the churning emotions from Dare were killing me. He was fighting but something was different. His emotions weren’t that of a person, they were animalistic almost. The man before me glances over his shoulder with a questioning look, his golden hair falling into his light brown eyes.
“Do I give off power to you?” Why does that surprise him?
“You have a golden aura of it surrounding you. Are you important or just….um, old?” He stifles a cough I think is a laugh. I bite my lip in nervousness then force myself to drop it, I didn’t want to show him weakness. I couldn’t afford to. 
“I am King of our Pride. In other words I rule all feline Shifters. I guess you could say I am important.” Pride and humor lace his voice.
“You think?” I snort out. “Tell me, why is the King of the pride playing Monty’s errand boy?” A warning growl leaves his throat and he pauses in his steps.
“I am no one’s errand boy.” He bites out. His golden aura spins madly.
“Then why were you sent to fetch a helpless woman like me? Why not one of his lower Vamps or a less important Shifter? What does he have over you, King?” He turns so fast I don’t realize I’m dangling above the ground till my neck protests his grip on my throat. It isn’t enough to hurt or cut off my oxygen but it is enough to make it difficult to breathe.
“Keep your mouth shut and keep up. Understand?” I nod shakily. He drops me to the ground where I quickly scramble back to my feet. This time he takes off at a fast run that, had I not been changed to Patronus, I never would have been able to keep up with. 
We slow as we come to the edge of a clearing. My heart jumps in my throat with what I face there. Patronus’s were fighting other creatures all over the place. I look for Dare or any of the brothers but can’t find them in the myriad of swords, animals and bodies, alive and dead. The King pauses taking in the scene.
“This was not what we agreed on.” He growls out, his voice inhumanly rough. Golden fur flickers over his back.
“And what did you think was going to happen? He was just going to walk up and kill Dare without a fight?” I retort quietly. “Dare is honorable but he isn’t going to hand over his life, not even for me.” His head turns slowly to face me. His light brown eyes swirl to gold when he meets my gaze.
“If you were mine, I would do whatever was necessary to ensure your safety. No matter what you think of me I do not live to fight and I would never have hurt a woman. Threaten, yes, actually do it, no. I never wanted my people to be in this mess. I had no choice.” He replies sadly. 
“There is always a choice. Put a stop to this, King. Pull your people out and leave. I will talk to the brothers and we can come up with a treaty or compromise or something to help your people fight against Monty. Whatever he holds over your head can’t be worth watching your friends and family die, is it?” He turns back to the clearing. I watch as a Patronus slays a lioness, the King flinches. 
“You’re right, my land isn’t worth this. I will find another place to move my Pride to. Come.” He pulls on the rope and leads me back into the forest a ways. He removes the knife he used earlier from his belt and cuts my bindings free. “I suggest you run, my lady. I will pull my Shifters from the group but what’s left of the Vamps, Stroli, Witches and Thanus will remain to fight. I will contact Dare if you make it out of this alive to discuss this treaty you speak of.” I lay my hand on his arm. It doesn’t even bother me to touch him. For some unknown reason, the lion king doesn’t scare me like he should.
“Thank you, King.” I curtsy clumsily to his chuckle.
“Call me Dustin. It was a pleasure to meet you, Naveen.” I cringe.
“Marnie. Please call me Marnie.” He quirks a brow but doesn’t ask.
“Very well, Marnie. Now, find somewhere to hide before all hell breaks loose.” I nod to him but he has already turned to sprint away. Right before he leaves my view his body crumples in on itself leaving an enormous lion in its place. Its head turns back to me and I swear the massive beast winks at me. With a leap he enters the clearing letting out an earthshattering roar. I inch forward to watch through the trees. The fighting pauses, all eyes on Dustin’s immense body. Another rumble rips from his throat. Felines begin to step back away from the fight. One more earsplitting roar causes them to leap from the clearing and disappear. Dustin glances back towards me once more then disappears.
Metal clashes somewhere farther away breaking the sudden silence. All action returns in a loud cacophony of noise. I shrink back into the forest only to run into a hard chest. I spin to face a man with metallic blue eyes that instantly begin to swirl like Monty’s did. Breaking the connection I turn to run. He grabs my arm and hauls me unceremoniously towards the edge of the clearing.
“Monty is waiting for you.” He speaks with no emotion, his monotonous voice more scary than if he would have screamed at me. I fight to pull away. With my free hand I retrieve the dagger at my back, slashing it over his arm. He easily disarms me and throws the dagger to the ground, his evil blue eyes are alight with fury.
“Let me go, asshole!” I scream, kicking out at his legs trying to trip him. He steps out of the way and backhands me, knocking me from his grip. I cry out in pain as I fall to the ground. An inhuman roar rips through the clearing, Dare’s rage unfolds inside me. 
Oh, shit. He knew I was here. 
I lift my gaze to meet Dare’s eyes across the grass only they are in the body of a solid black panther. A Stroli takes advantage of this distraction lashing out with a clawed hand to slice open Dare’s side. His excruciating howl is accompanied by my scream. 
“Dare!” The panther shimmers, folding in on itself just like Dustin had, leaving Dare in its place. He pulls himself to his feet, grabs a dagger from a headless Patronus beside him then spins severing the Stroli’s head from his body. When his eyes turn back to me my body shutters with the look there. The pain I feel coming from him was dismissed by the pure fury ripping through him, me, us. 
I was in so much fucking trouble! 
My attacker grabs my arm again and hauls me to my feet. Instantly his grip loosens and he falls to the ground, headless. In his place stands Cash. 
“I told you to stay in the chopper.” He grits out.
“Wren is hurt. The lion king brought me here. I didn’t do it.” I don’t know if I’m begging for him to go easy on me or trying to placate him long enough to escape that murderous look in his eyes. Yep, I was in some serious trouble with all the brothers. He grabs my arm and yanks me behind him.
“Do not leave my side.” No sooner than the words are out than someone slaps a clawed hand over my mouth and pulls me backwards. I try to yell but muffled sobs are the only thing that comes out. Cash turns slowly to face whoever is holding me captive. A dagger materializes at my throat causing me to stop struggling. A rough tongue runs over my cheek, the spit burns like acid. I scream into the clawed hand holding me as pain lances through me. 
My terrified eyes meet Cash’s then shift to Dare who is fighting further away. He has two men that might be Vamps and a Stroli circling him. His rage, my fear and our combined terror and pain runs through me. Power ripples under his skin, he lifts his hands and lightning shoots out decimating the two Vamps. The Stroli steps back in fear.
His use of the magic triggers something inside me. My body begins to vibrate, a humming in my ears blocks out all other noise, my wide eyes turn to Cash’s moving mouth but I can’t understand him. Something moves under my skin like liquid between two pieces of glass, it rolls just under the surface. Once more my eyes flit to Dare in time to see four men leap towards him. Pure terror and infuriating rage burst inside me with his pain making me explode.
My mate was in trouble, they dare to hurt my man, he needed me, I would kill them all! 
My eyes meet swirling gold ones at the edge of the forest, the Lion King. My body bucks forward, pain erupts through every nerve in my body and I fall forward on a ragged scream turned growl. I don’t know what happened to the Stroli behind me but Cash was on his ass a few feet in front of me with a fearful but prideful expression. I step forward on four shaky legs. I didn’t have time to be shaky. I launch myself into the mess of bodies aiming for Dare and his attackers. 
With teeth barred I grab the first man on him and sling him over my shoulder with nothing but my teeth. The second looks up with horror etched across his face at the same time my jaws come down on his neck. I rip his head from his body then fling it across the clearing with a deafening roar. The other two jump up and back off, their hands held before them like they were placating a wounded child. I stand over Dare’s body growling whilst they retreat. 
With a glance around the clearing I notice all fighting has stopped. I am the center of attention and for some reason they all look scared to death. Feeling powerful I lift my head and let out a warning growl at the closest Vamp. He backs off, stumbling. Movement draws my attention to the left. I turn, still straddling Dare’s unconscious body. Monty steps into the clearing with an eyebrow raised, blatant shock on his face.
“I knew you were special. I never knew how special. I am impressed, daughter. You don’t have Shifter blood in you. If you did I could see the possibility but you don’t. The Beyers mates shouldn’t be able to shift, not even a bound one. And a lioness no doubt. Are you feeling like a Queen, my dear?” A low growl leaves my throat when he draws closer. Rapid movement has my nose twitching to take in the scents of those who just surrounded me. I didn’t dare take my eyes off Monty to look. The brother’s familiar smells assault me plus some others I didn’t know, all Patronus but one. That one is a Lion.
“I see you have switched sides, Dustin. Not smart, my friend. Not smart at all.” More smells swamp me when other felines come into the clearing behind us. Our small army had just grown twice its size leaving the others outnumbered two to one. Monty takes a step back. His monsters fall in behind him. “I suggest you make it top priority to find your mates. If I find them first you will not be able to recognize them when you find their bodies. If you find their bodies. Or you can hand over my daughter. I’ll let you think about that while I locate the first one. This isn’t over, Naveen.” A roar rips from my throat at the name. As one the enemy turn and flee into the woods. Monty vanishes into thin air.

Chapter Twenty


I take a slow breath then turn to face the men behind me carefully keeping myself over Dare’s body. I could hear his ragged breathing and slow heartbeat but I could also smell and see the blood pouring from his wounds. A deep gash in his neck makes me whine. My entire body hurts but I’m not sure how much is my pain and how much is his. With my nose I nuzzle his face, a whimper leaving me. I look up to Cash who finally breaks out of the stupor they all seem to be in. He steps forward kneeling beside me, his hand landing behind my ears. 
“Can you shift back? Your blood would be better than ours.” He says softly. I meet his eyes with a hundred questions running through mine. I don’t know how I got in this predicament to begin with, how the hell do I get back to human, well, Patronus? I whimper to his chuckle. “Lay down beside him, relax, let it come naturally.” 
My head swings around to take in the Patronus who are facing Dustin. It looks as if another fight was getting ready to break out. I leap landing between them. Facing the advancing Patronus, I let loose a low warning snarl.
“Stand down until Marnie can explain.” Archer comes to stand beside me. “I want my men to begin gathering our fallen. Let the Shifters do the same. Pile the others together so we can burn them.” Archer bellows. I turn my head to look at Dustin who bows his large lion head to me. His golden auras no longer swirling around him, it now pulses peacefully. He shifts back into the man he was then kneels before me. All five brothers bristle behind me.
“Do as he says. Just relax and you will shift back. Think of your normal body and when you are the most aware of yourself.” He winks. If lionesses could blush I think I would have. He stands and faces his felines. “Do as Archer said. Gather our fallen comrades. Anyone who attacks will die by my hand.” Power ripples from him. It almost felt like what Archer uses when he forces me to abide by his words. I shiver. Dustin glances at me with an arched brow. Ignoring him I turn and return to Dare. His brothers have rolled him onto his side and I push my way between Fin and Dare to curl up in front of him. Someone places his arm over me then a circle of brothers forms around us. 
I close my eyes and wiggle closer to him. I needed to be human again so I could feed him, heal him. I let images of my legs and arms flit through my head. Dare’s pain holds half my concentration while I try to change. After a few minutes a whimper comes from me. I can’t do this. Someone kneels beside me but I keep my eyes closed, my concentration on becoming human.
“Deep breaths, Soror.” I soften at the nickname that means I am his sister. Cash runs a hand gently through my fur. “The first time I met you, you said something under your breath for each of us. I believe mine was ‘an angel in uniform with chocolate on his face holding a bowl of brownie mix.’” I whimper. He heard that? Oh, God, had they all? I shift uncomfortably under his hand. 
“It’s okay, I knew what you were doing. It was a way of relaxing, of facing us without being scared. I need you to relax now. You had an image for five of us. Do you have one for Dare?” I shake my head. “No? Well I can think of a few but we want funny and relaxing, not idiot and overbearing asshole.” I snort, grass flies from under my nose making the men around me laugh. 
“How about strong headed control freak with a red palm?” Fin jeers. I cringe. He yelps as if someone hit him.
“We want relaxed not embarrassed, jerk.” Emmitt bites out. “How about a moose with a sketch pad and a pencil stuck in its antlers.” He muses. Inside I laugh at the picture it makes.
“Oh, I know. Draw a Hitler mustache on him, replace the whip Hitler held with a pencil and tuck the sketch book in the other arm.” Bane mutters excitedly. Hitler? Yeah, he was a controlling bastard, wasn’t he? Images of Dare skate across my vision. Nothing was needed to make him less scary for me. He was perfect just the way he was. When he touched me he set me on fire. When he looked at me I could see his love for me in his emerald eyes, even if he didn’t want it to be there, he was mine and he made me feel like a woman. A needed, sensual, exotic woman. 
A tingle in my feet draws my attention. It quickly spreads up my legs and through my body. Pain seizes me, bones crack, my body bucks, a growl turns to a scream as I lay curled into a ball completely in human form once more. Throats clear around me before something is laid across my body. I don’t even open my eyes.
“I’m naked, aren’t I?” I ask in a tight voice. More throats clear.
“Um, yes. My shirt is lying on you. We are going to turn our backs. Slip it on.” Cash’s humored filled voice makes me want to slap him. I nod. Opening my eyes I watch them turn to form a tight circle around us protecting me from view.
“None of you better give me a lecture about today. Your free peep show was enough to make me think twice about following you again. I swear you guys just can’t stop seeing me naked. Find your own damn women to look at.” I mutter as I pull Cash’s oversized shirt on. Thankfully it hangs to my knees. “Now, how do I help him? Cut my wrist?” I look up to see Cash hesitantly look back at me. Relief flashes across his face as he turns and kneels. He pulls a knife from his waist then takes my arm staring me in the eyes.
“I’m sorry.” Pain slices across my flesh. I stifle the cry while keeping his gaze. “Now put it to his lips. When he bites, it will hurt. He isn’t conscious to make the pain minimal.” I nod then scoot closer to Dare, pulling his head into my lap. I place my wrist to his mouth rubbing the blood across his lips. Cash reaches down opening his jaws to let my blood run into his mouth. It takes only a moment before Dare’s hands fly up to grab my arm, holding it to him as he strikes. I turn my head to keep from yanking it away from him. The pain was horrible but if this is what he needed, then so be it. “Breathe through it.” Cash mumbles beside me. The pain begins to ease. I look back to Dare and watch as his wounds close almost instantly.
“Wow. It would have taken an hour and three of us to do that.” Emmitt says in awe. Dare releases my wrist.
“You guys don’t taste near as good either.” He sputters out. His eyes open meeting mine. “You are in so much trouble.” I laugh. I can’t help it. Here I was sitting with his head in my lap wondering if he would make it, even though inside I knew this wouldn’t kill him, and he is threatening me.
“At least I have a day for you to heal to get ready for my spanking.” I wink at him sending the brothers into a fit of laughter. A throat clears behind us. Dare drags himself up off my lap. I turn to see Dustin standing behind us. I jump up and run to him giving him a tight hug. His body turns rigid for a minute before he wraps his arms around me for a split second then releases me. He steps back to Dare’s growl.
“Thank you. I thought I would be stuck like that.” I grin at him. He shuffles uncomfortably glancing at Dare.
“It was nothing. I will give you time to discuss what we talked about.” He hands me a piece of paper with a number scrawled over it. “Call when you are ready to set it in motion. Please don’t take too long. Monty will have my lands cleared by this evening. I need to leave to evacuate the women and children before he kills them. A pleasure, my lady.” He bows to me then turns to Dare. “You have something special in that one, Beyers. If you fuck it up I’ll have no problem taking her off your hands.” He winks to me then turns and sprints away. With a deep breath I face the anger behind me.
“Explain.” Dare grits out. I scan the field of dead bodies and shiver.
“Can we do it elsewhere please?” His face softens minutely. He holds his hand out to me and I take it without reservation. Together, with his brothers and the Patronus warriors, we leave the field behind. Five men and one chopper are left to rid the clearing of evidence of the battle, including the bodies. Two were lost on our side and their remains will return in one of the choppers for a proper service, whatever that was in the supernatural world. I’ve stopped trying to guess.
Once on the chopper I explain my conversation with Dustin and my proposition of a treaty. The men discuss it once I’m through and agree the feline nation hadn’t been trouble for them in centuries. The treaty will be drawn up by Bane and Dustin will be called by morning. With a smile I bury myself into Dare’s chest and drift into sleep.

****

“She did what?!” I bellow out when Cash explains to me what happened after I passed out.
“She shifted into a lioness.” He says again looking in awe at Marnie asleep in my arms. “It’s because of her you’re alive.” He grins.
“It’s also because of her the cats backed out then stood behind us against Monty. If they hadn’t have, we would still be fighting.” Archer adds seriously.
“Yeah, so when you get ready to punish her try to remember she saved our asses and go easy on hers.” Fin snickers. I roll my eyes at his immature word play. I turn to Archer.
“Did you know she would be able to shift?” He shakes his head.
“Not at all. Monty said it was unheard of even in a bound mate. Although he mentioned something about Shifter blood and her not having any.” He shrugs. “I don’t know how much he knows but if it was enough to back the Vamp off I’d take it as being pretty damn incredible. Just like the woman.” His eyes take in Marnie lovingly. The scared little rabbit I found in the woods has grown into a brave lioness. I chuckle at the thought as I wrap her tighter in my arms. 
“How exactly did she get passed you guys?” Everyone but Cash shrugs. I stare at him till he crumbles.
“I sensed her as the chopper was lifting off. I didn’t want to have to take the time to sit back down so I figured I would keep her in the chopper once we got there. If I would have known they knew she was already on board I wouldn’t have left her and Wren alone. At least Dustin didn’t kill him.” He glances to the still groggy man in the co-pilots seat.
“No, I have known Dustin a long time. He wouldn’t have killed him unless he had to defend himself. He never gave Wren a chance to attack, just hit him with a tranquilizer dart. I was wondering why the cats were there. Dustin has never sided with anyone before.” Dustin and I were friends from way back when we didn’t know we weren’t supposed to be. Breed wars have torn us apart publicly but we stayed in touch when we could. Email has made that easier in the last few years. Her idea of a treaty pleased me and I was glad Dustin said yes to the proposition. If I had known he was having so much trouble with Monty I would have offered it myself but he was a proud man who never would have asked for help. How she managed the agreement was a damn miracle.
“Well, because of her he’s siding with us now.” Cash says absently. My little four foot eight mate wrapped the seven foot King of the feline nation around her pinky in a half a mile run, less than ten minutes. Damn woman. I shake my head on a laugh. “Yeah it is kind of funny. When she gave him that hug I thought he was going to shove her away out of fear for a minute. And not fear of you. Our sister really did a number on him.” He chuckles. 
“So um….. When she shifted back we saw her naked again.” I growl a low warning to them. “Cash covered her up quickly. My point is, while we had our backs turned she said we couldn’t yell at her for this because we got to see her naked again. I think she may be right. I’m sorry but I can’t imagine yelling at her after everything she did then the embarrassment of us seeing her again. I don’t think you should either.” Fin fidgets as he speaks. I glare at him.
“So you think we should let this go? I told her she couldn’t come. She disobeyed me flat out.” Archer moans in complaint.
“But if she wouldn’t have come more would have died, possibly Dare. I say you let her slide this time.” Bane agrees. I hold up my hand to stop the debate.
“She is my mate and I will take care of it.” I advise them slowly. Snickers and disapproving glares come my way.
“Just don’t spank her this time. I can’t take hearing that again.” Cash growls. I smirk.
“Turn your radio louder.” I had no intention of spanking her this time. In all honesty tonight I just wanted to make love to her, hold her and tell her how much she meant to me. If I decided to yell at her it would have to wait. Tonight was going to be different.
Conversation changes to an outline of the treaty for the rest of the ride back. Before getting in the chopper she had given Archer Dustin’s number and he had programed it in all our phones as we flew. Bane would call him within an hour of landing with the terms we worked out on the ride. We would help protect them from Monty and in exchange they would not attack us and would help us fight against his Vamps and their allies, which included the Stroli, Babbles and Thanus. We would also offer the land in Texas to his people till they could find a new location to settle on. 
They also tell me of Monty’s threat towards their mates. It is agreed under no circumstance would Marnie be handed over to him. We would just have to locate their mates before Monty did. I supply them with the knowledge of our uncle’s activities and the star representing not only our heritage but theirs, marking them as half breeds. It’s not often I know something Archer doesn’t. I revel in being able to tell him something he had no knowledge of. After all the information he has thrown at me in the last week it brings me great satisfaction to see his dumbfounded expression. 
Once the chopper sits down I carry my sleeping mate to bed. It was still early in the evening so after tucking her in I climb into a warm shower to ease the rest of my aches away. Leaning my head on my arms I stand under the hot spray thinking about everything Marnie has done since she became mine. I couldn’t fault the woman for wanting to help rescue me. Her life depended on me being alive but what she didn’t realize is her being there only put us both at risk. I couldn’t concentrate with knowing she was in trouble. The only reason they had been able to jump me was my gaze was on her not the battle before me. Seeing her in the Stroli’s clutches almost unraveled me. It didn’t matter Cash was there to help her, I wasn’t. When I had thought of having a mate I never knew it would be so much damn work. 
Slight arms wrap around my waist causing my body to jump in surprise. I’d been so caught up in my head I hadn’t heard her enter the room. She rests her tense body against mine, a sigh coming from her at the contact that always sends electricity charging through me.
“How mad are you?” She whispers with a small shake to her voice. I let the tension in my body fall away as I turn and wrap her in my arms.
“Not as mad anymore.” I place a gentle kiss to her forehead causing her body to relax against me.
“Will it help if I say I’m sorry?” I snort at the attempt to make it better.
“If you mean it.” Her answering sigh is insufferable. I can’t help the smile that spreads across my lips.
“Then forget I asked.” I laugh outright and pull her closer.
“What am I going to do with you, Parvulum?”
“Love me?” The barely audible plea breaks my heart. I loop a finger under her chin to pull her gaze to mine. Her sapphire eyes hold unshed tears I gently wipe away.
“I already do. I love you with all of me, Marnie. That’s why having you put yourself in danger bothers me so much. I don’t want to lose you.” Fates have mercy on me, because I couldn’t lose her. It would kill me in more than one way.
“Ditto.” She smirks.
“Marnie, my position puts me in danger all the time. It’s something you will have to get used to. But I won’t put myself in unnecessary danger just to flirt with death. I have my brothers backing me up every time I go out. I have been doing this for hundreds of years. I know how to deal with danger. It’s you I am at a loss with. I don’t know how I am supposed to keep you safe if you run head long into every fight that comes around. I need to protect you Marnie. It is what I am meant to do. You are mine and I have to keep you and our babe safe. Please let me.” Tears fall unabashedly down her cheeks.
“Okay. I won’t run into danger but if it follows me you can’t yell at me for it.” A smile tugs at my lips but I nod. She did have a way of falling into trouble. “I love you, Dare.” My heart explodes with her words. My head tilts on its own taking her mouth in a gentle kiss. She opens to me immediately, letting me take it deeper. Letting me show her how much I cared. When we pull back we are both breathless. “Will you make love to me tonight, without the punishment?” She asks quietly but nervousness and a small amount of fear linger inside me from her. I sling her up into my arms and lay a towel over her body as I exit the shower.
“It would be my pleasure, Parvulum.” Not even bothering to dry her off I stroll to our room and lay her on the bed. After tonight she would never wonder if I loved her again.

Chapter Twenty-One


One month has passed since the day I rescued Dare from the Stroli in the woods. The new compound has been set up and running for roughly two and a half weeks now. Dare included a dark room in our group of rooms and I was dying to try it out. He planned on returning to my home to retrieve my things but one thing after another has stopped him. 
Today he is taking me with him to get what I wanted. My lease on the house would be up tomorrow and he has no other choice but go today. I was excited about retrieving my camera and my mother’s necklace but my clothing wouldn’t fit for some time now. I was only three weeks pregnant but I looked closer to four months.
My belly had swollen to the point Dare had to take me shopping for maternity clothes. Angie was at a loss why I was so big already. The pregnancy only lasted four months so of course I would show faster than a pregnant human but my overly large size was abnormal even for a Patronus. However, ultra-sounds couldn’t see through the membrane housing the child so we had no way of checking on the baby. Everything else seemed normal other than my size. Angie was keeping a close eye on me just in case though. Dare was nervous about me flying but I wanted to see my house one last time. We also stopped in to check on Dustin briefly before we flew to Wyoming, which was another argument to go with him. I really liked Dustin and couldn’t explain why. I didn’t even have a problem touching the man and in my world that was something.
Unfortunately our treaty was not fast enough for several of Dustin’s women and children. Monty condemned a village of shifters that, at the time of the attack, mainly consisted of women, children and the elderly less than half an hour after leaving the clearing in the forest. By the time Dustin and his fighters made it to their aid it was over and the body count was unbelievably high. Not a single feline protested the treaty with us and many have volunteered for special strikes against the vampire leader in the future.
Dustin and the rest of his felines have taken over the lands in Texas. No one seemed too thrilled with the beach front property but it was a home that Monty couldn’t rip out from under them. I was confused when Dustin nervously accepted the land till Dare explained later that cats didn’t care for water. I found it immensely funny and laughed till tears streamed down my cheeks and Dare said my lips tasted of salt. To think that seven foot man hated water because he was a cat was just too hilarious for words. 
They settled in brilliantly, though some were still being transported in and Dustin even came to see us several times. The first time I cooked him a dinner that he had graciously choked down. With not having any taste for real food I hadn’t realized how salty the meal was. Dare’s emotions tipped me off but no one said a thing. Later when I asked him what was wrong I had to remind him he promised never to lie to me. After that time I let Fin do all the cooking, which they all were thankful for. Well, all except the brownies, I made those every chance I got for Cash.
Cash and I have become very close over the last few weeks. There was even one occasion Dare went out hunting and became sidetracked. Cash came to me with a red face telling me that Dare called and he wouldn’t be back for several hours and he was already feeling my hunger pains. I tried to refuse, I begged him to wait longer, I pleaded and cried hoping to sway the soft hearted soldier, I seriously did not want to bite Cash. He dialed the phone and handed it to me. Dare’s first words were ‘Do I have to order you to do this because I don’t want to but the baby needs nourishment. It’s not like you can drink milk.’ That stopped my fight immediately. I hung up on him without saying a single word and put my hand out for Cash’s arm. 
His blood filled me till Dare came home but it hadn’t contained the power it did when I drank it from the cup. He laughed and said next time he would do some magic just for me before I drank from him to see if that changed his taste. The whole thing had been embarrassing, especially when he kept his head turned away from me with a clinched teeth expression while I fed. When I was done his erection was prominent forcing me to run from the front room as he ran for the door. Turning on my brother was the last thing on my list of things to do in a lifetime. Definitely one I didn’t want to repeat. Ever.
Monty has left us alone since we moved to the new facility. Dare was afraid it was because he was following through on his threat and looking for his brothers mates. We all hoped not but every Patronus, feline Shifter and some faithful Fairies have been put on alert. If they found a human bearing a birthmark of the star they were to contact the Beyers Brothers immediately and to tell no one else. Dare was sure there was at least one more traitor among us but hadn’t figured out who yet. 
He told us how Monty knew I hid on the chopper even before they did. Someone had seen me and relayed the message to him. He also explained the significance of the mates and the birthmark to me. I had been surprised to find out the mark meant I was only half human. To believe you were something all your life then to find out not only that you weren’t but that you were half supernatural was just plain weird. 
They still couldn’t explain why I shifted. Whether it had something to do with being half Vampire or The Binding, they weren’t sure. I’ve come to realize they aren’t sure about a lot of things when it comes to their mates. I tried a few more times to shift but not knowing what it would do to the baby has hindered my concentration and I haven’t been able to do it again. Fear of hurting my baby stopped me. After the birth I would try it in earnest but until then I was content on being in human form.
“Are you ready?” Dare’s voice brings me from my inner ramblings. I look up from the book I hadn’t read a single page of and nod. He helps me from the chopper. We were using a field not far from my house as a landing spot. We walk to the edge and he lifts me over the barbwire fence before jumping it himself. A truck waits for us on the road and we walk to it hand in hand. He opens the door for me and I slide in next to a young looking man who I knew must be a few hundred years old. “Hello Remy. This is my mate, Marnie.” Dare introduces us with a smile.
“Pleasure, ma’am.” He draws out. I only nod. Being surrounded by so many good men my fears had waned but I was still standoffish with newcomers. I have gotten much better at touching Dare, but still shied away from everyone else. I finally explained to him my aversion to it. How after years of being called clumsy, worthless, useless, unlovable, untouchable, heavy handed, rough, and my personal favorite insult, ‘you wouldn’t know how to treat a man gently even if he beat the process into you’ --I never understood that contradiction-- you eventually started to believe it. Dare has repeatedly assured me Uncle was wrong. 
He loved my touch. Every chance he gets he pulls my hands to his chest, thigh, arm, waist, neck, whatever he wants me to touch then praises me for it. If I hesitate he doesn’t let go till I am completely comfortable with my hands on him. All of this touching began innocently while fully clothed after I explained late one night why I still refused to caress him as he did me. Only recently has he ventured to more sacred areas in hopes of coaxing more intimate touching between us. I have to say his patience with me was paying off for him.
We proceed towards my house with the two carrying on in easy conversation. I ignore them as I reminisce over the last few years I lived in this small town. I’d had several good times here but I believe my life has taken a turn for the best with Dare. We’ve had several long talks getting to know each other over the last few weeks and we are much more alike than I originally thought. He was not only headstrong and controlling, he was funny, caring, liked old B-movies and horror shows and my favorite, he loved music from the late eighties to the early nineties. The man actually knew all the words to ‘Girls Just Want To Have Fun’. He had a game console with a karaoke type game on it and he could kick every ones butt on that song, even Cash, who did indeed sing like an angel.
When we pull up in front of my home, Dare helps me from the truck then leads me into the house. He searches to make sure we are alone before leaving to unload the boxes Remy brought along to pack my things in. It is a slow process that takes a few hours but by the time I’m done I have two piles of boxes, those going to Florida and those going to the Goodwill. It saddens me that the Goodwill pile is larger. I had no use for my mix matched garage sale furniture at Dare’s but my kitchen supplies were a must. The man still had very few dishes and adding mine to his supply would ensure Archer didn’t have to bring his own when Dustin came for dinner. 
The last thing I pack is the darkroom and my photographs. Dare raves over several of them and asks if we can have them enlarged to hang on our walls. It fills me with pride that he would want to do this when up until now nothing hung on his walls. I couldn’t wait to take pictures of him and his brothers to give the place a family feel to it. I agree if that was what he liked I could enlarge anything he wanted. He grumbles he would send them off to be printed, that I didn’t need to be around the chemicals in my condition, I just wave him off. There was nothing dangerous unless I drank the stuff and I had no plans on doing that. 
I gingerly place my camera and film in a smaller box and take it to the truck to put in front with me while the men move the furniture around inside. I lay the box on the seat then, seeing a pack of gum in the console, I reach forward to retrieve a piece before popping it into my mouth. It wouldn’t have any flavor but it kept my mouth busy while I pushed off the hunger. It had been too long but I didn’t want to eat in front of Remy.
“I was beginning to worry you never made it out of those woods, Naveen.” The hair on the back of my neck stands on end with Dirk’s familiar voice behind me. “You never responded to my emails. I have been worried sick about you. Where have you been for the last month?” I keep myself facing away from him. I couldn’t turn and let him see my protruding belly. He knows I was a virgin a month ago. This can be nothing but bad.
“I have been on vacation.” I say strongly. Not being able to see him ratchets up my fear. I hate having my back to him and not being able to see what’s coming. A throw back from having Uncle sneak up behind me for surprise attacks.
“Who else is in the house, Naveen? You aren’t here alone, are you?” I shake my head.
“My husband and a friend.” His sharp intake of air was to be expected. I want him rattled, maybe that way he would leave. He grabs my shoulder and spins me, his eyes going wide when he takes in my belly.
“What the hell is this?” His hand shakes, I take in the gun pointed at me and shutter in fear. I feel Dare’s concern at my fright and know things were about to get a whole lot worse.
“Dirk, if you don’t put the gun away I can’t help you. Dare is coming and if he sees that gun pointed at me he will kill you.” I state confidently. I had no doubt Dare would do just that. He has wanted him since he saw my dreams.
“Not if I kill him first.” He retorts. A low growl comes from behind me in the direction of the front door. Dirk looks up, his eyes widen in fear and he takes a step back from me. His hand changes targets, pointing the gun at Dare. Turning sideways I take in the imposing man that is my mate. He stands rigid on my front porch, six foot two of muscle and man, black hair pulled back away from his rugged face, only his emerald eyes moving, accessing the situation down to every little detail. 
“Get in your car and leave, Dirk. This is the only chance you will get.” I plead with him. Instead of moving, he fires. The shot goes wide hitting the side of the house. In the blink of an eye Dare is in front of him holding the gun with one hand and Dirk by the neck with the other.
“The asshole who likes to rape women.” Dare grinds out barely holding onto his restraint.
“Dare, you can’t kill him. He’s….Um, normal.” I couldn’t say human, if Dare let him live he couldn’t know about us. That was a big if though.
“Go in the house, Marnie. Finish gathering your things. I will take care of this.” Dirk’s eyes widen as I turn and leave. It was a command, one I couldn’t and wouldn’t disobey. The pull to obey him had only grown stronger since The Change had completed. However, he had done as he said and kept the demands to a minimum when possible. Twice I had been able to tell him he was demanding when he should be asking. His words that he needed me to tell him had done the trick and allowed me to talk back at those times he specified. This time though, this time I would let him handle Dirk anyway he wanted. It was his right as my mate to take care of anyone who threatened me. I glance back one last time.
“Good bye, Dirk.” I say loudly enough for the human to hear before I disappear inside and shut the door.

****

I eye the man in my hands with hatred. This scrawny thing had tried to force himself on my mate. He had stripped her and held her down with intent to rape and kill her. He had a gun pointed at her and my child. The only thing stopping me from breaking his puny human neck was the fact that if he hadn’t done some of those things I wouldn’t have met her.
“What are you going to do to me?” He whines like an infant. No telling how many women have begged this man to stop, to let them live, to not hurt them. I wanted to hear him beg for his life.
“Up until this moment I thought if I ever saw you, I would kill you.” I say honestly, quietly.
“And now?” He cries.
“For some unknown reason Marnie doesn’t want you to die.” It was the only thing keeping him alive. The only thing that had me coming up with alternant plans. Like the one I had discussed with Archer last night.
“I don’t want to die. Please don’t hurt me. I’ll do anything you ask just please, God, don’t kill me.” He begs. Begging was good.
“Answer me a question, be honest with me and I will think about letting you live.” He nods furiously. “How many?” His confusion is obvious. I roll my eyes at him. “How many woman have you tried to or have forced to fuck you. How many have you buried in those holes or left to rot somewhere. Do not lie or I will snap your neck before you finish the answer.” The deadly calm whisper surprises even me. Marnie hates this voice but normally when I’m this unnerved I can’t pull it off. The weasel in front of me eyes me carefully before trying to lie.
“Non….” My hand tightens cutting off his air.
“I really have no problem killing you. Shall we try one more time? How many?” His hands claw at my wrist trying to break my hold. I loosen only enough to allow his answer to pass his lips.
 “Four.” He croaks out. 
“Four you have raped or four you have killed?” I ask with a tight voice. He was a sick bastard.
“Four raped. Naveen was the first I was planning on killing. I knew she wouldn’t keep her mouth shut. I had known her for two years. She knew everything about me and would go to the police. She was my only one that wasn’t random.” He squeals. I want nothing more than to kill the man, instead I pull the phone from my pocket and call Archer.
“Hello?” He answers on the first ring.
“Your detective friend, can you have him to Marnie’s old address in five minutes?” He coughs before stuttering an answer.
“Did the asshole really show up?” He asks in disbelief. His friend had been looking for the man for a month. He had somehow stayed under the radar. But I knew if he saw movement at her house he would come to check it out. I hadn’t realized she had left without me till it was too late.
“Yes. I told you he would. The detective, Archer?” I needed this guy gone. Needed him as far away from Marnie as possible. As far away from me as possible, before I killed him.
“Yeah, I talked to him right after you landed, he is standing by around the corner.”
“He has five minutes before I kill the sick bastard.” The bastard in question cringes trying to get further away from me. He doesn’t.
“Consider it done.” The line goes dead. I shove it back in my pocket and look the man in the eye.
“You will tell the detective the truth. You will take whatever is recommended for jail time. If you don’t I will kill you. This detective is a friend and he will look the other way. You threatened my woman and by my laws I have every right to kill you. Only by the fact Marnie doesn’t want me to, are you walking away from this alive. So I suggest you enjoy prison. Or I can kill you now if you prefer.” He shakes his head as a car comes to a stop behind me. A tall man climbs from inside and strides towards me. Instantly I recognize the man as a Shifter. Possibly feline but maybe canine.
“Dare?” He asks, I nod. “I’m Shawn. I’ve known Archer a long time. I owe him a lot more than this assholes worth. Dustin said you’ve had a hard-on for this guy since he tried to rape your…um… wife. Is he going to cooperate or do I need to leave?” His thumbs are leisurely in his pockets as he leans against the truck. His mention of Dustin is his way of verifying he is feline. I hand him the gun I removed from Dirk which he tucks in his waistband.
“Talk.” I bite out to the asshole.
“I raped four random women. I tried to rape Naveen with plans to kill her. I will confess anyway you want and do whatever time you want just please take me away from this guy before he kills me.” Dirk begs. Shawn chuckles and takes Dirk from my grasp but not before he clicks ‘off’ on a recorder I hadn’t seen in his hand.
“You Beyers always make my job easier. Tell your brother we’re even.” Something flashes in the shifters eyes before he shakes it off. He grins then leads him to the car, leaving with a wave out the window. I take a deep breath before entering the house. 
Marnie is sitting on the couch waiting when I enter. She is pale with dark circles under her eyes, the baby is taking more from her than she can supply. She looks up with curiosity in her eyes but she doesn’t ask. “I didn’t kill him. I turned him over to a Shifter who works on the local police force. He left alive, whether he makes it to the jail that way isn’t of my concern.” I say sitting down beside her. I don’t miss the relived sigh that escapes her.
“Thank you. I know he is bad but killing him is wrong. Besides that would be too easy on him. Dirk will not like prison.” I pull her into me not agreeing at all with her reasoning but letting her think I did. I would have never let a man walk away before Marnie.
“Are you ready to load this stuff?” She nods. “Alright, just stay here and let us lift it.” I rub my hand over my child with a smile. She purrs with the action, sinking back into her couch as if fully satisfied. Within seconds she’s asleep. 
The baby was taking more out of her than normal but with her only surviving on blood we didn’t know what normal was. She seemed to sleep all the time and was hungry constantly. Over the last week alone she had gone from feeding every four hours to almost every hour. It had been almost five since she fed which was before we sat the chopper down here and I could feel how hungry she was but she refused to eat in front of Remy. Once we are on the chopper with the pilot she knew, Wren, would she eat. I couldn’t blame her for not wanting to do this in public, it had a tendency to turn on any male Patronus in the room or in hearing distance and she was easily embarrassed. With a sigh I push off the couch to get her things loaded so we could go.
I had already contacted Goodwill who would be by to pick up the rest of the stuff later today. I told them I would leave it all on the porch and they agreed. After packing her boxes and a single piece of furniture in the truck we move the rest of the furniture and remaining boxes to the porch. The last thing we move is the couch she is asleep on. Lifting her into my arms I place her in the truck before returning to move the couch outside. Once it’s done we pile back in and head to the chopper leaving her old life behind to start our life together. The thought pleases me to the point of grinning like a fool all the way there. 
I lift Marnie into the chopper placing her on the seat before piling her boxes into the empty seats and floor. With only two boxes left I climb in letting Remy settle the last ones blocking my exit. He hands me the small box containing her camera and I tuck it beside me. With a ‘thanks’ and a wave he retreats to his truck leaving us to lift into the air. 
“My camera?” I look down to her pale face to see her eyes riveted to the vein in my neck. 
“Eat.” She doesn’t have to be told twice, latching on immediately with a sigh. “I have your camera right here.” I pat the box beside me and she hums in acceptance. Leveling out the power her feeding causes has become easier over the last few weeks, especially with how much she feeds right now. I have had to dispel it a few times when she was unable to get satisfied and ate more often than every hour. With each time she begins anew it tends to try to replenish and if I haven’t used any it makes my skin crawl like bugs are under it trying to get out. It was becoming ingrained in me to shove the power down as it flowed over my skin. I had also found a way to use it and practice with it. And no, it didn’t include apples flying at my head. I wasn’t prolific with it yet but I was at least able to control it now.
My phone rings prompting her to pull back. I place my hand on her head stopping her. “No. I can do both.” She giggle then continues as I answer Archer’s call. “Yes?” I hiss with her deep pull.
“If I didn’t know better I’d say you were trying to join the mile high club with the way your voice is so raspy, little brother.” He laughs.
“Marnie is hungry. I didn’t want to make her stop to talk to you. Deal with it. What’s the word?” I had been waiting for his call.
“The asshole has been signed, sealed and delivered. With his willing confession and refusal of a trial by jury he will be awarded ten years for each woman he assaulted and five for his attempt on Marnie. He named each woman and even gave the police the driver’s license he had taken from each of them. They all were called in and positively identified him. Also sperm was collected with the first woman. It was a visual match. More reliable results will come later. The others waited too long before calling it in for any physical evidence other than bruises. He will be gone for forty-five years without the chance of parole. She is safe, brother.” The tension in my body drains with the news. Her eyes dart to mine and hold, tears sparkle but don’t fall. She heard him and knew it was over.
“Thank you for letting me know so quickly.” I breathe out.
“You’re welcome. I’m also calling to ask you to come straight to the conference room when you get back. I believe we have found a potential mate and need to discuss sending someone to fetch her.” My tension might have left, however Archer’s was running on high octane fuel at the moment. Marnie pulls back with surprise and concern darting through her.
“Where?” I tuck her under my arm and pull her close. I knew she was worried about the woman who would have to go through this just as she did with no knowledge prior to The Choosing. She couldn’t know what was happening or it might influence her choice.
“Believe it or not, Texas. Less than an hour away from the old compound, in Houston. One of Dustin’s felines spotted her. Taylor isn’t one of the Shifters we recently moved, he has lived in Houston for a while. He says she has the mark on the back of her neck. He even put himself into a position to make sure it wasn’t a tattoo before calling it in. He says it is definitely a birth mark.” Texas? We had been less than an hour from her for thirty years, depending on her age, and never knew it. Damn fate. 
“Alright. We should be there in a few hours. I’ll come straight there if you will have some guys waiting to carry the boxes for Marnie. She can’t be lifting them and Wren has other places to be with the chopper.”
“Tell Wren to come talk to me before he leaves. He may be taking one of us to Texas if I can’t find another chopper not in use.” He sighs. We have been transporting the felines to their new home for over three weeks using the choppers. It was a slow process when only twenty could fit uncomfortably in each chopper at a time and there were thousands that needed the lift.
“Will do.” I sign off and pocket the phone before relaying the message to Wren. He nods his understanding and speeds up our flight.
“Are you sure you can’t tell her what she is choosing or at least that you are drugging her. It was that you drugged me against my knowledge that bothered me so bad. I mean, what if I had been allergic to it?” She worries her lip as she ponders the fate of the new mate found.
“It’s all herbal. I have never heard of anyone being allergic before. I’m sorry Marnie but this is the way it has to be done. The way it has been done for centuries. She will be fine once she accepts her fate is with us. You are.” She snorts.
“It didn’t take me near as long as it should have, Dare. You got off easy. With The Binding making me compliant I had little choice. Yes, now I am happy in the decision but I was furious the first few days.” Laying a gentle kiss on her forehead I acknowledge to myself she is right. She could have been hell on wheels causing all kinds of problems for me if she hadn’t acclimated herself to our lifestyle as quickly as she did. Not knowing who this mate is meant for makes the idea of her fighting the existence less humorous than if I knew who she would be fighting. It would serve them all to have a headstrong stubborn woman worse than mine after giving me so much shit about how I handle Marnie. I do know one thing; no matter which brother it is, I am going to enjoy watching him squirm.
*
Once the chopper sits down I leave Marnie in the care of four well trusted Patronus men, Jack included, to head for the conference room. Upon arrival the tension in the room spirals around me from my brothers. Emmitt is sitting at a computer watching satellite images while Bane and Fin pace behind him. Cash and Archer look the calmest however the tense set of their jaws give them away.
“About time. There are Vamps everywhere in her area. One of us needs to go, now.” Emmitt spits out as I close the door.
“Then why didn’t one of you go?” I look around the room in confusion.
“We want to send you. You already have a mate. You won’t be one of her choices.” My head jerks back like they slapped me.
“No. Marnie is eating every hour as is. None of your blood lasts half as long as mine. She will be trading off back to back feedings on all of you and Angie said each feeding lasted less and less. One of you have to go.” I plunk down in a chair staring at Archer. His look says he knew I would refuse. He had been expecting it. “Send Archer or Cash.” Neither would break the silence we would have to keep in order to insure The Choosing was done correctly.
“Can’t. I have three groups coming in who want to discuss a treaty similar to the one we gave the felines. The canine Shifters I’m taking. They tend to be the moodiest. The next group is made up of multiple Shifter races. It isn’t the hole of the race only the ones who have been affected most by Monty’s Vamps. Mostly bears, deer, a few winged Shifters including a gryphon and a dragon. The last we know of their two kinds. The third group is Fairies. Again, not all Fairies as their High Council, led by Nora Mave, has refused to look at the offer, but a big majority of them. Your Fairy has been elected the spokesperson for that group.” Archer fights the grin trying to form at Emmitt’s nervous shifting. You think a man as old as him would know not to piss off a Fairy, nonetheless he had and has been paying hell for it since.
“Let Cash have Tink. She has always liked him. The bears have a since of humor Fin should be up for. I can go get the mate.” Emmitt surmises quickly before another suggestion can be made. I have never understood his relationship with the fairy. Some years they are best friends, some years they avoid being together like the plague and some years they fight openly like cats and dogs. Every year we wish they’d just fuck and get it over with. 
“Can you get her here without influencing her choice? You did bitch about me not talking to Marnie while I brought her to camp.” I ask meeting his gaze. Determination sets deep in his eyes.
“Not talking and not talking about The Choosing are two different things, Dare. We’ll be fine.” I glance to the rest of the brothers, upon receiving their acceptance I agree.
“Very well. Did Wren stop by?” Archer nods.
“He is waiting. Turns out he was on his way to Texas anyway.” Well that was a plus.
“Okay. Go get her Emmitt. Take Jack and Morgan with you to deal with any Vamps.” We stand, he leaves quickly to follow orders and I head home. I have a mate to cuddle with. Whistling a merry tune I walk through the corridors to our suite. Life was good.

Chapter Twenty-Two


Our suite holds Dare’s small gym and four bedrooms now. One being Dare’s studio, my darkroom, our bedroom and the last is going to be the nursery. Right now the baby’s room is full of boxes. In the corner my floor length mirror stands beckoning me. It was the only piece of furniture I had brought with me. Stepping carefully through the boxes I make my way to stand in front of it. Lifting my shirt I tuck it into my bra then lower the waist of the maternity pants Dare bought for me. Standing sideways to the mirror I run my hands over the life growing inside me. I had never thought I would experience this before Dare. 
The idea of children never excited me. Having no family of my own except Uncle, I was terrified to have children I would leave alone in this world someday. I had always wished for a big brother to watch over me. To protect me from Uncle. I even had vivid dreams when I was a child of a blonde man with eyes ablaze that came to me when I was hurting the most, when I needed a friend, a brother. But it was only a dream fueled by a want so deep even my subconscious played tricks on me. Now I had Dare, five brothers and, if all went well, a sister soon.
With all the family around me now, I had little to worry about when it came to this child not being cared for and well-loved if something happened to me and Dare. I was finally beginning to become excited about this child. I wish they were able to do the ultrasound though. I really wanted to know what it was, boy or girl. Dare says only males were born into his family line but I wasn’t holding my breath on that. There were so many things they didn’t seem to know, information lost through the years, and he could be wrong. I didn’t care either way but I wanted to paint the room before Dare wouldn’t let me. Not that I thought he would now. He has become even more protective since I have began to show. It’s like he looks at me and sees the belly then goes into macho man mode. 
‘I am man! I made baby! Hear me roar!’ I can hear him in my head. I laugh at myself in the mirror at the thought. 
Warm, strong arms wrap around me holding me tight before lowering to cup his child. Man and woods assault my sensory glands relaxing my body into his. I giggle again thinking of the words I had just filled his mouth with. He arches his brow causing me to laugh harder. A thunk under his hand stops me cold.
“Did you feel that?” I gasp. I meet his wide eyes in the mirror as he nods. I knew the baby grew quicker than a humans but this was insane! Thump-thump! “Whoa!” 
“Is that….?” I nod my head with a wide grin.
“Your child telling you hello? Yes, it is.” His face softens and he buries his head in my neck with a chuckle. Another thump and he begins to shake with silent laughter behind me. “Why’s that so funny?” I ask confused. I was happy to feel the baby move but why the humor?
“We did that. Me and you while surrounded in power and a blinding light, we made this miracle. Do you think we ought to name him Fate or White Lightning?” I slap his arm on a giggle of my own.
“No way in hell are you naming my child, our child, something that horrible!” His humor filled emeralds meet my love filled sapphires in the mirror. “I love you, Dare. For the first time in my life I am safe, cared for and loved. I have a family I like and a mate I can’t do without. Now I have your baby growing inside me. What more can a girl ask for in life?” His smile is breathtaking.
“For the first time in my life I don’t have to control everything. I don’t have to hide from you and I find I like the feeling of being myself. I have the most beautiful mate in the world and I am loved by her. But I do know one thing you could ask for.” I arch my brow to him. He turns me slowly to face him. His arms pull me tight to his body before his head dips to give me a slow sensual kiss. When he pulls back he meets my eyes then says the only thing that could make a girl who has everything cry.
“You own me. My body is your body. I will obey you and only you. I surrender to you, Marnie. I surrender to you completely. I am yours, heart, body and soul, forever. I love you, Parvulum.”
Now I have everything. 


Dare To Be Loved


####
Thanks for reading Dare To Be Loved! Check out Serene Choices, the next instalment in the Patronus Series. Love, laugh and cry as another brother falls for the woman fate marked as his….
 Serene Choices is available in E-format at your favorite digital retailer. All Patronus books will be released in paperback by mid-2016.
Please remember to leave a review at your favorite retailer!
About Stacy Lee
Stacy Lee has lived in a small town in South Texas her entire life. She is a professional photographer by trade, but her passion lies in books. She spends her days with her husband and three children, and her nights reading or writing. Her writing career began early in life but was shelved for other activities, like making it to her next birthday without maiming herself. After marrying and having her children she once again picked up the habit of letting her emotions out on paper by writing stories for her growing children in order to get them interested in books and reading. It grew to a hobby she enjoys and loves. As the kids get older and two out of three still refuse to read she has found that writing for herself heightens the experience and is pleased to publish this book, with the hope of many more to follow.
I would love to hear from you!
Questions, comments and corrections are always welcome!
Contact me at
stacyleebooks@gmail.com
Or visit me on Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/stacyleebooks
Or on the web at
Stacyleebook.weebly.com
More by Stacy Lee
(All books are in e-format
print coming soon)

Adult Romances

Rowdy R Ranch Adventures
1-Brenna’s Boys*
2-Ryker’s Rules*
3-Fighting Phoenix*
4-Emmalina’s Enemies*
5-Protecting Piper*
6-Loving Lani*
7-Untitled-Coming 2016

Dolva
1-King of His Destiny*
2-Queen of Her Reality-Coming early 2016

Paranormal Romance

Patronus Series
1-Dare to be Loved*
2-Serene Choices*
3-Testing my Patience*
4-Let the Chase Begin-Coming late 2015 

Young Adult

The Cloud Riders Series
1-Wings of a Phranoy
2-Bound Together
Book Three - coming soon

* = Now available in both, print and e-format
All adult titles will be available in print at selective retailers by mid-2016.

Happy Reading Y’all!

