
Dark World
Danielle Q. Lee


ISBN    978-0-9865680-4-6
Copyright © 2011 by Danielle Q. Lee at Smashwords
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission of the author.
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. And any resemblance to actual persons, living, dead (or in any other form), business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For Lea, 
thank you for being there for me and helping me bring Dark World to life.

Who is this irresistible creature who has an
 insatiable love for the dead?
Living Dead Girl.

Rob Zombie

Part One
Scarlet

Eve of Fate

“Where are you hiding?” Scarlet whispered, searching the dark horizon. Palms and forehead pressed against the cool glass, she sighed, her warm breath captured on the pane. Only visible on the clearest of nights was her favorite constellation—the Phoenix. She peered into the darkness, Edmonton’s city lights glaring back at her. 
Soon part of the cluster came into focus, sparkling from millions of miles away. Even though she couldn’t see the entire sequence, Scarlet smiled, satisfied with just a peek.
Already October, a chill lingered in the air, foreshadowing the onslaught of snow. She didn’t mind though, stars were easier to see in the winter sky. 
Gentle nuzzling against her calf, followed by a quiet mewl, pulled Scarlet from her hypnotic stare. 
“Well, hello Miss Seraphine,” she said, sweeping the fluffy feline into her arms. The Persian’s eyes narrowed, her slit-like irises submerging into a pool of ocean blue, purring as she pressed her face to Scarlet’s cheek. 
“Oh kitty, can you believe my dream is really coming true?” Anxiety trickled through her stomach. Was she ready for this? She’d dreamed of this moment for two years. And now, it was finally happening.
With the sound of approaching steps in the hall, Seraphine stiffened, leapt from Scarlet’s arms, and pressing her stomach to the floor, crawled under the bed. 
The door flung wide open. Hands fanning her face, Shelby strolled across the room with the poise of an old-fashioned debutante. 
“Well, Miss Scarlet, I do declare, there’s finally goin’ to be a rooster in the henhouse,” Scarlet’s best friend announced with a Southern drawl. 
There were times, like now, that Scarlet wished her parents hadn’t named her after the spoiled Southern belle from Gone With the Wind. It was just plain annoying.
 “Quiet! My mom will hear you,” Scarlet warned, a heat rising to her cheeks. “I’m not allowed to date yet, remember?”
Shelby’s dark-brown eyes rolled. “You’re almost seventeen for goodness sake, when is that woman going to lighten up? At this rate, you’ll end up a forty-year-old virgin!”
Scarlet winced at the word virgin and decided to change the topic. Flicking her long brown hair off her shoulders, she closed the door behind Shelby, then walked to her stereo. “Wanna listen to the new tunes I downloaded to my iPod?”
Shelby shook her head. “Nope, come on, spill it. How’d he ask?”
Blushing, Scarlet moved to the bed and sat down. Shelby followed suit. She then relived the moment he asked her out and her heart picked up pace. 
Rory Dean. 
His name alone elicited a wave of tingles up her spine. 
A shy smile tugged at Scarlet’s lips as she readied to divulge the juicy details. “Well, you know how I have a spare between Biology and Latin?” She grabbed Shelby’s hands and held them excitedly, beginning her story. “He must have been waiting for me outside the classroom and…” 
Scarlet’s bedroom door burst open, revealing her older brother in all his self-adoring glory. Dressed in his gym clothes, she surmised he was just leaving for a workout. 
“Hi Greg,” Shelby blurted, dropping Scarlet’s hands and turning pink.
Scarlet tossed him an irate look. “Do you mind?”
He grinned at Shelby, relishing the female attention. His expression turned arctic as his gaze shifted to his sister. “Shut up, Sticks. Do you have the car keys?” 
Her jaw tightened. She hated when he called her that. While it was true she’d been too skinny when she was younger, she felt she’d filled out nicely over the last year or so. 
She snatched the keys from her night table and launched them at his face, hoping to gouge an eye or stab a nostril. “Now piss off!”
“Wow, cranky!” Greg sneered at his sister, then left, slamming the door behind him. 
 Scarlet opened her mouth to continue gushing about Rory, but paused when she saw a pout marring Shelby’s lips. 
“What?” 
“It really bugs me when you talk to him like that.” Her normally bright eyes dimmed. “Rory is your crush…Greg is mine.”
Bewildered by Shelby’s interest in her brother, Scarlet apologized, “I’m sorry Shell, I’ll try to be more considerate.”
Excitement returned to Shelby’s eyes. “Okay, tell me more about Rory!”
“Okay, well, he must have been waiting for me to get out of class because he was standing by the lockers when I walked out.” Scarlet wound a ribbon of her long, mouse-brown hair around her finger as she spoke. “He said, ‘Hey Scarlet, you wanna see a movie with me tomorrow night?’ and I seriously almost fainted.” 
“Oh my god! That’s so awesome!” Shelby squealed, burying her face into one of the decorative pillows on Scarlet’s bed. After she composed herself, she asked, “Which movie are you going to see?”
Scarlet paused, responding with a nervous laugh, “I have no idea!”
Erupting into a fit of giggles, the two girls then sprawled out onto the bed and basked in the moment. 
“Scarlet Prince,” Shelby began with a sigh, “you are one lucky girl.” 
Scarlet had to agree, though, she wondered why Rory had taken such a sudden interest in her. He hadn’t said more than two words to her the whole two years they’d attended high school. 
I don’t care, I’m just happy he decided to ask me out now.
“What are you going to wear?” Shelby narrowed her eyes at Scarlet’s open closet.
Scarlet shook her head, stating for the second time that night, “I have no idea.”

Arms wrapped around her library books, Scarlet scanned the hallway with a disquiet flutter in her chest. Tonight was the night of the big date and she wasn’t even sure she could go through with it. Not because she didn’t like Rory, quite the opposite, but because she’d been a nervous wreck ever since he’d asked her out. After so much time admiring him from afar, she couldn’t believe this was actually happening. 
She’d never been on a date, what if she messed it up? Then he’d never want to see her again. Her steps slowed, her mind whirling with worry. What does this date mean? Were they just going out on a date? Or were they going out? Like boyfriend and girlfriend? How was she to know? How was she to ask? 
What if he only wanted—she shoved the thought away. She wasn’t ready for that. No way. Besides, her mother would kill her if she did.
Scarlet continued her trek to the library, still attempting to quell the butterflies multiplying in her stomach. In a way, she hoped she wouldn’t run into him at all, she’d probably just end up babbling like an idiot. With a sigh, she realized that the entire date might turn out poorly. Her nerves were almost certainly going to get the best of her. 
She turned into the entrance of the library, colliding with a freshman as he exited. 
“Sorry,” he mumbled, his pimply face enflaming as he ogled her chest. Rushing past her, he turned and scurried down the hall with all the grace of Mr. Bean. 
That’s going to be me tonight, I just know it. Just some nerd with a crush.
Pushing the library door open, Scarlet’s fretting vanished the moment she entered into her element. A wave of tranquility embraced her with the sight and scent of books. 
Her books made a loud clunk as she placed them into the return bin. From her perch behind the desk, the librarian, Miss Collins, gave her an appreciative glance. Scarlet always thought she was pretty cool for an adult. Far from the stereotypical old, bespectacled spinster, she’d sport a new and fantastic hair color every other month or so, dark purple being a perennial favorite. Probably in her mid-twenties, she could have passed for a senior in the crowded high school, what with her silver lip ring and the blue butterfly tattoo on her shoulder. Scarlet made a mental note that she should get a piercing of some kind. A respectable one, of course. Considering a librarian wore one and all, it couldn’t be that risqué.
She took a sweeping glance around, Miss Collins’ rebellious Dewey Decimal system in full display. Instead of the traditional form of organization, the eccentric librarian had chosen to separate the classics and new-age fiction.
To Scarlet’s left was the vintage novel section, timeless tales of romance, hardship, and inspiration. The antiquated voices of Dickens, Austin, and Carroll calling her to re-read their adventures. 
On her right, the world of modern fiction offered a plethora of paranormal mysteries, thrillers, and fantasies. Spectacular stories about boy wizards, secret aliens hiding on Earth, and sparkly vampires in love.
Although enthusiastic about literature, it was not Scarlet’s first love. 
Astronomy. 
Stars, planets, and just that big black space overhead were her greatest obsessions. The infatuation began when she was five. Given her first telescope on Christmas morning, there it stood in all its glory, just waiting to unveil the secrets of the universe to her.
Her world just made so much sense when daylight was gobbled up by the vast shadow of space. While she loved the clouds and the sea of blue overhead, nothing could compete with the Milky Way and its spray of illuminated diamonds across the galaxy.
Scarlet made her way to the science section like she was on a mission. She knew the exact location of her favorite book: Mythology and the Stars. It described the locations and configurations of star patterns in which the ancient Romans used to conjure their gods and goddesses. Though she’d borrowed it from the library too many times to count, it never ceased to lure her to read it again. She ran a meticulous finger over several book bindings, then frowned when she realized it was gone.
Sighing, she resigned to satiate herself with a large hardcover on the Big Bang Theory. A quick glance around the busy library however, proved fruitless for a place to sit. 
The floor it is. 
Scarlet crossed her legs and sunk to the floor, the open book resting on her knees.
She had no idea how long she’d been sitting there, lost within the minds of Stephen Hawking, Albert Einstein and Carl Sagan, when she suddenly became aware of a presence looming over her. 
“Is this seat taken?” 
Scarlet craned her neck, following a pair of jeans-clad legs to the top. Her face burned when she realized who it was. 
Rory.
A flurry of fresh nerves rolled through her stomach as she waved an unsteady hand over the space of floor beside her. Not wanting him to see what she was reading she slammed the large astronomy book shut, consequently blowing a hefty draft of air into her face, sending her hair flying back. Quickly pulling off her glasses and tucking the flyaway strands behind her ears, she tried her best not to look as nauseated as she felt.
“What are you reading?” 
He reached to take the book off her lap, his hand grazing the inside of her thigh in the process. Her mouth, now completely devoid of saliva, dropped open at his touch. A delicious, musky scent wafted from him, leaving her light-headed and somehow less intelligent.  
“No, I mean, it’s just…something for science class,” she stammered, wishing she hadn’t picked such a geeky book. As far as she knew, guys didn’t particularly like girls with nerdy interests. At least, that’s what the teen magazines suggested. 
“Hmmm…” A playful smirk pulled at his lips while he flipped through the pages. “Very interesting.”
“Interesting?” Scarlet repeated breathily, resisting the urge to run her hands through his wavy, blonde hair. 
“Yah, I never pegged you for an astronomer,” he stated, giving her a winning smile that made her stomach drop. “I guess that’s another thing we have in common.”
“What? You? You’re into…astronomy?” She raised her eyebrows in surprise.
Nodding, he continued to peruse the pages with vague interest. A moment later, he suggested, “Maybe after the movie, we can go out to my favorite stargazing spot.” 
“Yes! That would be wonderful!”
“Great!” 
Upon standing, he offered her his hand and she accepted, clumsily pulling herself up. Scarlet winced as her left leg prickled, announcing it was totally asleep. She tried to stand still, pursing her lips into an awkward smile. Normally, if her leg was to fall asleep, she couldn’t help but shake it and whine until it was awake, but since she was attempting to appear cool, she just stood there and squirmed, enduring it. 
His eyebrows furled, eyeing her up and down. “Do you…have to go to the washroom?”
Horror, sheer horror, swept over her. Hot blood raced to her face and she contemplated running out of the room in similar fashion to the zitty, red-haired kid she’d bumped into earlier.
“Um…no, my leg…it’s asleep.” If there was a hole in the general vicinity, Scarlet would have crawled into it—and died.
With a grin, Rory helped her to a nearby chair. She rubbed her leg with her hand and silently cursed herself for acting like a doorknob. Chin down and hair veiling her face, she avoided raising her head to look at him. 
He’s probably trying to think of a way to get out of the date tonight.
She stared at the floor, numb with humiliation. Between the narrow slats of her mousy brown hair, she saw him kneel before her. He reached out, cradling her chin within his palm, and gently lifted her face to meet his gaze. The warmth of his hand made her woozy, but it was nothing compared to the way he made her feel when his blue eyes locked with hers. 
“Scarlet,” he started, tucking her hair behind her ears and leaning closer to her, his hot breath feathering her face. “I’ve wanted to take you out for a very long time…”
Only inches away, he tilted her chin up further and before she knew it his soft, warm lips were pressed against hers. Electricity surged through her body. Her head swam with delicious dizziness. 
She was wandering in a perfect dream. A fairy tale.
My first kiss…was from Rory Dean.

Great Expectations

“Is Shelby picking you up tonight?” Scarlet’s mother inquired, glancing back at her daughter as she stirred a steaming pot of noodles on the stove. Already paranoid of getting caught, Scarlet was certain she saw a flash of suspicion cross her mother’s eyes.
“No, I’m, uh, going to meet her there, I’m just driving myself,” Scarlet stammered. 
Rory had offered to pick her up, but considering her mother’s adamant rules against dating, Scarlet convinced him to meet her at the theater.
“I don’t want you out too late, sweetie. Okay?” Her mother turned her head in Scarlet’s direction to give her the I-mean-it eyes, waving a dripping plastic spoon haphazardly in her daughter’s direction. “You know what night it is.”
“Don’t worry, mom, nothing’s going to happen to me.” Scarlet fought the urge to roll her eyes. 
Ironically, she already knew she was going to be late. Rory had invited her to go stargazing after the movie, she couldn’t say no to that. 
I’ll deal with the consequences later…he’s worth it.
“Hello my gorgeous girls,” her father’s cheery voice embraced the kitchen. 
“Hi Daddy,” Scarlet smiled, rising and hugging him. His dark brown hair, spackled with silver, was matted to his head from a long day under a hard hat. Slivers of sawdust loitered on his broad shoulders, the bane of a hard-working carpenter.
“Hi honey,” her mother called back as she fished out a spaghetti noodle and tested it for doneness. “How was work?”
“Oh good,” he answered with a sigh, indicating that it wasn’t that great, but didn’t really want to go into it. “And yours?”
“Good, I have to go out to Mrs. Dempsey’s house this evening and change her dressings.” Being a respite nurse, she often worked odd hours.
Her father then turned towards his daughter. “And you, Miss Scarlet? How was your day?”  
She nodded. “It was good,” she echoed their sentiments, though, in reality, her day had been outstanding, having been kissed by Rory and all. But being that she wasn’t allowed to date, she felt mildly dismayed that she couldn’t share it with them.
“Shall we have a movie and popcorn night?” her dad asked, stealing a cookie from the cupboard with one hand and shushing Scarlet with the other. 
“Scarlet is going out with Shelby tonight,” her mother answered, catching him with the cookie and flinging her test noodle at his head. Her dad ducked, leaving the perfectly al dente noodle to stick to the wall behind him.
“Shelby?” Greg wandered into the kitchen at just the right moment, a crude smirk painted across his face. “I’m gonna get me some of that.”
Scarlet bristled, glaring at him as he sat across from her at the table. “Shut up, Greg, she doesn’t want whatever diseases you might have from the last hundred girls.” 
He grinned wider.
 “Guys,” her father warned, then looked genuinely disappointed. “Oh…well, maybe we can hang out tomorrow night.” His blue eyes widened, realization dawning. “But tonight is…”
“She knows, she has to be back early.” Her mother’s tone almost made Scarlet change her mind about tonight. Almost. “Right, young lady?” 
“Yes mother,” Scarlet replied, “I promise I won’t be late.”
Guilt trickled through her. Scarlet hated lying to her parents. They came by their paranoia honestly. October was notorious for kidnappings in the Edmonton area. Not every year, but too many to go unnoticed. Strangely, it almost always occurred in threes. Three teens in just one night. 
Except the first time. Sybil Kavanagh. That’s where the craziness began. 
In the early 1900s, Sybil went missing from her home in the middle of the night. The only items the police recovered were her clothes and jewelry, found in an undisclosed location. The papers speculated she’d been part of some kind of Satanic cult, but it was never confirmed by authorities. 
Sadly, one year to the day of his sister’s disappearance, her only brother, Vincent, mysteriously vanished as well. Their parents were completely devastated. Their mother wound up in a mental hospital, while their father took to the bottle. Candlelit vigils were still held on the anniversary of Sybil and her brother’s disappearances, even though they occurred almost a century ago. 
The disappearances continued, leaving a community gripped in terror. No one knew why. Or how. They only knew the day. October 1st, by the light of a full moon.
With help from the internet, the police discovered Edmonton wasn’t alone in their plight, hundreds of cities all over the world were experiencing the same phenomenon. Kids going missing on the same night. Almost always in threes. Their bodies never found.
Her mom set a plate of spaghetti before each of them. Scarlet wound the noodles around her fork and filed them into her mouth. Courtesy of the new and unsettling ambiance, her food had been rendered tasteless despite the flavor sliding past her tongue. 
An uncomfortable hush fell over the table, a century of superstition and legend thickening the air. No one had to say the words out loud. She already knew what they were thinking.
Today was October 1st—and there was a full moon.

After supper, standing before her closet, Scarlet sighed and inspected her lack of options. “What the heck am I going to wear?” 
She posed the question to Seraphine lounging regally on the bed, who in turn raised a single, lazy eyelid in her owner’s direction. Scarlet leafed through a few old dresses, then decided to call Shelby for some advice.
Quickly grabbing her cell phone and pressing her best friend’s number, she waited for her to answer. Scarlet tapped her foot and paced the room, enduring what felt like an endless stream of rings. “Hey Chickie! You excited or what?!” Shelby’s exuberant voice responded, obviously aware of her caller’s identity, courtesy of call display. 
“Sort of,” Scarlet replied wryly. “I need help…what the heck should I wear?”
“No problemo, I’ll be there ASAP.” Shelby giggled and hung up, leaving Scarlet to gape at her cell phone. Momentarily terrified, Scarlet tried not to think of what her dear, sweet, eccentric friend might suggest she wear.
Less than ten minutes later, there was a light tapping on her bedroom window. For years, Shelby had scaled the latticework nailed to the side of the house. Many nights, she would sneak over and the girls would eat junk food, watch chick flicks or play with Shelby’s Ouija board. 
As she opened the window and helped Shelby inside, Scarlet eyed the knapsack on her friend’s arm with trepidation churning within. 
“What’d you bring?” 
“You’ll see,” Shelby said with a naughty twinkle behind her chestnut eyes.
“I don’t want to look like a slut or anything,” Scarlet warned.
“Trust me, will you?” 
Shelby tossed her bag onto the bed, earning a glare from Seraphine, unzipped it and began pulling out various items: a couple of very short skirts, a pair of tight, black jeans, and two or three small sweaters, but it was the black boots she yanked out that made Scarlet sweat. What exactly did Shelby have in mind? All Scarlet hoped was that Shelby didn’t leave her looking like Lady Gaga.
“Will you stop looking at me like I’m a serial killer? I promise, you’ll look hot!” By throwing one of the skirts onto the bed, she gave Scarlet the signal to start trying things on. Scarlet warily removed her jeans and long sweater. After sliding the first skirt over her hips, she was officially horrified. 
“Shelby! I can’t wear this! It barely covers my butt!” 
“You waxed, didn’t you?” she teased, breaking into a giggle. “Don’t worry. You’ll be wearing thick, black tights.” 
 “Nullus,” Scarlet remarked, implementing her Latin fluency and shaking her head. She shimmied out of the short, black skirt and threw it back on the bed. Reaching for the next skirt, she knew right away it was the one. Mostly because it was longer than the last. She zipped it up and breathed a sigh of relief. Though she was a bit concerned that it was candy apple red, it looked quite respectable.
“Oooo, I like that one! It’ll look awesome with the boots.” Shelby’s eyes widened and she grinned like the Cheshire Cat, nodding as she looked Scarlet up and down.
Finally, after debating with Shelby about which sweater to wear and how many buttons to leave undone, they came to an agreement. Scarlet stood in front of the mirror and looked at herself in amazement. She actually looked, as Shelby would say, hot.
Scarlet took in a shaky breath. 
“What’s up?” Shelby’s eyebrows drew together.
“Just nervous. What if he decides he doesn’t like me after all?”
Shelby shook her head. “Not possible, you’re too awesome.”
“But…what if?” Scarlet thought she might cry. Whether it was from nerves or simply lack of confidence, she wasn’t sure she could go through with it. “What if it’s just not meant to be?”
Seated on Scarlet’s bed with a sympathetic expression, Shelby patted the space of mattress beside her. “Come, sit. Give me your palms,” she ordered. 
Scarlet sat, delivering her open hands as requested. Shelby peered through her glasses, inspecting the tiny lines and cracks that marked her friend’s hands. After several minutes of humming and hawing, poking and prodding, she looked up. Her expression read like that of a true fortune teller: mysterious and foreboding. 
She cradled Scarlet’s right hand within her own and pointed to a long line running from her middle finger to her wrist. “See this line, it’s your Line of Fate,” she explained. “It’s very straight and deep.”
“So…what does that mean?” Scarlet asked, skeptical. 
“It means,” Shelby stated with a confident grin, squeezing her friend’s hand reassuringly, “that you have an amazing destiny ahead of you, so quit worrying so much.”

 “Wow!” Rory’s eyes lit up, scanning Scarlet from head to toe. “You look amazing!” 
He slid his hand around her waist, the heat leaving an invisible burn beneath her clothing. Pulling her to his side, he led her through the entrance of the theater. Her heart was pounding so hard against her ribcage, she worried he might actually be able to hear it. 
Guiding her to the lineup to purchase tickets, she stole a glance at his handsome face. His strong angular jawline, dotted with dark, freshly shaven hairs, flexed as he chewed a piece of gum. His eyes, ocean blue with glints of amber flecks, gazed forward. Light toffee waves feathered over his ears, curling ever so softly at the tips. His scent. His eyes. His hair. All of them made her weak. Breathless.
He caught her drinking in his beauty at least once, responding by leaning over and brushing her forehead with a soft kiss. Warmth invaded her cheeks and she wished she knew how to act cool. 
Surveying her environment, she squinted in attempts to read the various posters hanging about the foyer. Shelby had insisted that Scarlet not wear her glasses, which in hindsight seemed kind of stupid considering they were going to a movie. The mascara and fake lashes Shelby forced her to wear were irritating her so badly she had to concentrate on not bringing her fists to her face and rubbing to kill the itch.
“Would you like some popcorn or a drink?” Rory asked softly, leaning against her as he spoke. His warm breath tickled her ear, leaving her delightfully woozy. 
“Sure,” she replied breathily, trying to resist his hypnotic eyes. 
“Cool.” 
After buying some snacks, he led her into the darkened theater. Still oblivious to what film was playing, she waited until they found a seat to ask. 
“So, what are we watching?” Scarlet peered around the room, the dimmed lights barely penetrating the darkness.
“Howler, it’s a horror movie. I hope you like scary ones,” he replied, tossing a piece of popcorn into his mouth.
She tried to sound sincere. “Oh yeah, great.” 
Having been plagued by nightmares since she was a child, watching a horror movie was the last thing she needed. The occasional thriller wasn’t bad, but anything remotely gory could cost her weeks of sleep. A moment later, he casually slid his hand onto her thigh, quelling her apprehension over the movie.
He’s worth it, she told herself, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. So worth it.

 “What did you think of the movie?” Rory asked, holding the passenger door open for her. 
Honestly, she thought it was disgusting and was thoroughly grateful she’d left her glasses at home, but in attempts to sound pleasant, she replied, “It was pretty good.”
With a hearty chuckle, he watched her slide into the seat, then closed the door. After climbing into the driver’s side and starting the engine, he turned to her. “You still up for some stargazing? We can come back for your car later.”
A shiver of excitement slid up her spine as he stared right into her eyes. “Yes, of course,” she said, trying not to sound as excited as she felt. 
God, he’s good-looking!
Feeling awkward, she looked away and watched the bright lights of the city twinkling by. Edmonton’s Whyte Ave was alive with Friday night excitement. Throngs of people from all walks of life strolled the length of the boulevard. From coffee shops to night clubs, hemp boutiques to antique stores, the patrons flocked to the highlight of Edmonton’s night life. Bright eyes, smiling faces, no indication that anyone was worried about it being October 1st, so why should she be?
Stealing a sideways glance at Rory, she suddenly wished Shelby was there to brighten up the conversation. Were first dates always this awkward and uncomfortable? Or was it supposed to be easy and laid back like she’d always dreamed it would be? For years Scarlet had longed for this moment. Pined for this chance to be so close to Rory, to hold his hand, to be his girl. But something didn’t feel right. A seed of self-doubt had sown itself in her stomach and was growing too fast for comfort.
Eyes trained on the darkened sky, lost within her thoughts, Scarlet barely noticed when they turned onto a dirt road.
“What’s your favorite constellation?” Rory asked suddenly as he switched on some tunes and rested his palm on her thigh.
The heat from his hand burning through the red skirt made her dizzy. She searched her mind to remember the name of any constellation, let alone her favorite.
“Um, I’d have to say…the Phoenix,” she stammered.
“Oh yah,” he replied nonchalantly, bobbing his head to the blaring music.
 After clearing her throat, she asked, “And you?”
“What?” He shot her an odd look.
Heat flushed through her face. “Which constellation do you like best?”
“Oh, um, you know…the Big Dipper. Want some gum?” Abruptly, he took his hand from her leg and reached for a pack of gum in the console. 
Politely accepting and placing the gum into her mouth, she had a feeling in the pit of her stomach she couldn’t quite identify. An instinct trying to claw its way to the surface of her awareness. Before she could explore it further, he pulled the car onto the side of the road. 
“Ready?” he asked sharply, exiting the car before she could answer.
“Sure,” Scarlet responded to the empty driver’s seat. The tension inside knotted tighter—something wasn’t right.
She watched as he heaved a large duffel bag out of the trunk. After slinging it over his right shoulder, he nodded curtly to the right. “This way.” 
A shudder rolled over her, prompting her to pull her thin jacket tighter around her. Scarlet stared down the dark, country road. The distant city lights dotted the pitch horizon like a miniature galaxy.
What if he’s taking me out here to rape me? 
It would be the perfect place for him to attack her, they’d driven at least twenty minutes from the city on a dirt road. 
Sybil…
The urban legend of missing teenagers invaded her thoughts. 
You’re just being silly!
She gave her head a shake, pulled in a centering breath and forced herself to enjoy the odd excursion.
 “So, you come out here…often?” she inquired through chattering teeth, hoping he wouldn’t get them lost and they’d freeze to death. A smile tugged at her lips as she imagined them huddling together to keep warm. It would, at the very least, be a romantic way to perish.
“Yes,” he replied curtly, leaving Scarlet to wonder if she’d insulted him somehow. They continued to walk in silence for what felt like hours, her romantic daydream of cuddling to keep warm dissolving with every step.
The dark path ahead, lit only by the intermittent glow of a clouded moon, seemed to be luring them into a world of unforgiving shadows. Without her glasses, she was being led blind into a hostile wilderness. Her trust in him, this boy she really didn’t know, was waning. 
Fallen branches and dry autumn leaves crunched beneath their feet as he took her deep into the heart of the forest. With no idea where she was, she suddenly realized how stupid she was for allowing him to take her somewhere unknown. No one knew where she was. 
No one—except Rory Dean.

The Dark Path

The branches reached for her like the outstretched arms of rapacious mummies. Their spindly wooden fingers entangled in her long, brown hair, pulling strands out by the roots. Tears welled into the corners of her eyes. Even though this was her first date, Scarlet was now convinced it was probably the worst in recorded history. Rory wouldn’t answer any of her questions. In fact, he hadn’t acknowledged her but once since they’d left the car. 
What the hell is going on?
A sick sensation rolled through her stomach with the realization that she was in serious trouble. If he was going to rape her, she should at least come up with a plan of escape. But how? The woods were thick and dark and she hadn’t paid attention which direction he’d driven from town, not to mention she didn’t have her glasses. 
“Rory, please, you’re scaring me,” Scarlet pleaded as he trudged ever silently ahead of her. Upon receiving no answer, a surge of anger raced through her. She planted her feet solidly on the ground, her fists balled tight. “Rory! I want to know what the hell is going on! Now!”
He stopped and exhaled sharply, spinning around to glare at her. “We’re going to look at the stars. I thought that’s what you wanted.” 
His expression was so fierce, Scarlet trembled. “I want you to take me home…right now.” She tried to sound assertive, but couldn’t still the quiver in her voice. 
He narrowed his eyes at the moon as if searching it for guidance, then turned and began marching through the woods again. Bewildered, Scarlet knew she had no other option than to follow him. It was either go with him or freeze to death, lost in the forest. It was in that moment, when the tears began gliding down her face, that she heard laughter ahead. As she squinted and focused on the winding path before them, she could distinguish a light flickering through the network of trees. 
A fire? What the…? Is he taking me to a party?
Confused, and becoming even more terrified, she pressed through the dense foliage. Sharp branches and thorny bushes tore her nylons and sliced at her knees. While it didn’t appear any blood had been drawn, thin scratches welted at the top of her shins. For once, she was thankful for Shelby’s fashion sense; if she hadn’t been forced to wear these boots, everything from her ankles up would be slashed.
“Rory! You made it!” a voice rang out from near the blazing bonfire.
“Barely,” Rory responded through gritted teeth, tossing an irate glance at Scarlet, igniting a fresh burn of anguish in her heart. 
She gaped as she watched him high-five three beer-toting jocks. What was this? It was obvious they’d been expecting him. Was this all a setup? Was this going to be some kind of gang bang? A mixture of fear and disgust coalesced in her stomach, threatening to make her vomit with every terrifying churn.
Her thoughts flickered to Sybil Kavanagh, the teenage girl who’d gone missing from her home so many decades ago. Was this a scene from her life? The last scene? Scarlet’s imagination wandered dark territories, leading her through a labyrinth of horrifying destinations, all of which resulted in nothing but dead ends and unfathomable nightmares.
Rory scowled, his blue eyes surveying the scene. “Where are the other girls, Steve?”
Steve eyed Scarlet nervously, his fingers combing his shaggy blonde hair. “We couldn’t get them to come.”
“What?!” Rory roared, his face flushed and eyes dark. “We need three!”
Scarlet took a frightened step back and hugged her shoulders. A lump formed in her throat as she watched things go from bad to worse.
What is he talking about? Need three for what?
His friends shrugged and looked at one another with glazed eyes, obviously less concerned than Rory. 
After shifting his gaze to the moon again, Rory announced, “We’d better get started.” His eerie stare fell on Scarlet, darkness pulsating behind his eyes, adding cryptically, “We have no choice, we’ll just have to use one.”
He knelt down and unzipped his duffel bag, producing what looked like a large, black blanket and an antiquated scroll. A tremble possessed her body and her eyes watered with fresh tears.
This is it Scarlet, something awful is about to happen.
The other boys hooted and hollered, retrieving their own piece of dark fabric. Horrified, Scarlet watched with wide eyes as each of them swung the cover over their shoulders, secured it at their necks and finished by raising a cowl over their heads. She drew in a sharp breath when she realized what they really were.
They’re not blankets…they’re cloaks! 
A fear like she’d never known occupied her soul. 
“Rory,” Scarlet’s voice quivered. “What’s going on?”
Unresponsive, Rory stood stoic, watching the unveiling festivities with a horrible grin carved upon his face. Scarlet’s body shook while they began arranging something on the forest floor. The moment Steve pulled out a can of black spray and painted a symbol on the ground, the situation became more transparent. 
A pentagram.
This was some kind of ritual.
Scarlet wasn’t sure what was going on, but she wasn’t going to hang around to find out. She forced her quivering legs forward and ran for the trees. Hot blood raced from her pounding heart and into her head. Lines of sweat dripped over her brow while she pushed her body as hard as it would go. 
“Get her!” Rory yelled, his voice a mesh of anger and perverse amusement.
I’m almost to the trees. If I can just get there, I can hide.
Shelby’s boots were like lead on her feet, hindering her as the chunky heels plodded against the ground. The tree line was so close now, only a few more feet. She could hear them right behind her, jeering and laughing like a pack of jackals. She didn’t dare look back for fear it would slow her down. Scarlet could almost touch the boughs as she neared the edge of the woods. Visions of seeing her family and Shelby flashed through her mind. Her thighs burned and her feet protested with every step, but she wouldn’t let herself stop.
Almost there!
As she broke through the wall of branches, a sense of liberation embraced her.
I did it! 
A new emotion rose rapidly to the surface, overshadowing her elation. Betrayed by her imperfect vision, darkness blurred before her, the trees and shrubs blending into a haze of silhouettes. 
Which way?
Panic eroded what remained of her nerves, the thudding of footsteps closing in on her. Her heart beat against her chest like a furious gorilla, caged and wild with fear. Sweat beaded and ran from her brow, plummeting like lemming off her chin and splattering against her bare, heaving chest.
She had to make her move. Now.
Just move, Scarlet! Move!
Willing her feet forward, she plunged into the thicket of shadows before her, arms outstretched, feeling her way through the web of branches. Between the sound of leaves crunching beneath her feet and her heartbeat smashing inside her eardrums, she couldn’t determine how close her assailants were. Summoning any courage that may be hiding in the deep crevices of her soul, she began to run. Blind and terrified, she prayed she’d get away. Prayed for a happy ending.
Her prayers would go unheard, replaced only by screams.
Halted in mid-stride, a terrific pain seized the back of her head. Scarlet was yanked backwards and her body hit the ground with a resounding thud. 
“Stupid little bitch,” muttered a voice she recognized as Steve’s. He pulled her by the hair like a cave man, dragging her back toward the fire.
 “Let me go! Please!” she shrieked, kicking and thrashing wildly.
Scarlet could scarcely believe what was happening. It didn’t even feel real. The whole scenario had the makings of a horror movie, only she knew it was real. Terrifyingly real. She stole a fleeting look at Rory, but his back was to her. Scarlet prayed he would come to his senses and whisk her away from this nightmare. Maybe if she cooperated, they would just finish up with their sick little game and she could go home. Not knowing the first thing about cults or rituals, she hoped they wouldn’t hurt her, or worse, kill her.
 “Why are you doing this?” Scarlet’s lip quavered uncontrollably as she was led to the center of the pentagram. Rory had his arm draped over her shoulder, guiding her. Herding the lamb to slaughter.
With a sinister glow behind his blue eyes, he smiled insincerely. “We need to make a sacrifice under the full moon, to appease our God.”
In a small voice, Scarlet offered, “Lucifer?”
The boys laughed at her in unison while they formed a circle, corralling her into the center of the pentagram. 
“No Scarlet, there are far more powerful beings in Hell than Lucifer,” Rory retorted, his voice dripping with condescendence. He then raised his arms and yelled, “We serve Malus, Queen of the Underworld.”
Scarlet stood in horror while Steve and the other boys began undressing her. The red skirt, Shelby’s boots, and all other articles of her clothing were tossed pitilessly into the raging bonfire. Though it took everything in her not to fight, she realized it would be pointless to even try.
“Why…why me?” Her body wracked with sobs. “Why did you choose…me?”
He chuckled and rolled his eyes as if she should know the answer. “Why you? Why not you?” Rory straightened his shoulders and approached her. He grabbed her by the neck, tightening his grip. Breath caught in her windpipe, she glared as he brought his face inches from hers. “You made it easy for me. You’re weak. Pathetic. You had to be cured of your human weakness. I’m giving you a gift.”
Rory loosened his grip on her throat, then leaned in and pressed his lips to hers. Disgusted, she fought against the human shackles holding her in place. He pulled back, a twisted grin on his handsome face.
She stared into his eyes, the eyes of insanity, searching for that guy she once admired from a distance. He was nowhere to be found. A demon lived inside him. A monster.
Scarlet wrenched from his grip, a strangled cry escaping her. He sneered, then sauntered back to the head of the pentagram, giving a nod to his minions.
Naked and shivering as bitterly cold wind stung her bare skin, they forced to her lie down in the center of the emblem. 
“Are you…going to kill…me?” Hot tears ran down the sides of her face as they bound her wrists and ankles, attached them to tent pegs, and nailed them into the ground. 
Rory bent down, and placing his lips just inches from her ear, whispered, “Don’t worry, there is no death—only transition.” 
It was then that Steve produced a vial of liquid and leaned over her. She pursed her lips tightly together. Undeterred, he grabbed her naked breast and gave it a hard squeeze. Her jaw dropped open to protest but he dumped the liquid into her mouth before she could utter a sound. Upon slamming her chin shut and clamping a hand over her mouth, he pinched her nose and ordered, “Swallow.”
Her lungs begging for air, she gulped. Bitterness slid past her tongue, then burned all the way down her esophagus. She tried to cough and spit it out, but it had already starting taking affect. A calm sensation permeated her body, sedating her. The world spun. Everything became hazy and incoherent. She now believed she was dreaming. 
It’s just a nightmare. I’ll wake up soon.
A monotonous chanting began. She was vaguely aware of Rory and the boys standing in a circle around her, their voices blending like a thunderous song. Scarlet tried to turn her head, but her muscles were non-compliant. She felt so light, like drifting in a dream. The enormous full moon hung overhead. A silver talisman suspended in the black fabric of space, its steely hue sporadically blemished by a drifting charcoal cloud. The stars stared down at her, winking and sparkling as if sending her secret messages.
“Help me!” she called to them inside the confines of her delusional mind.
Her disjointed thoughts shifted to her mom, dad and brother. They were probably going to miss her. She wondered how long it would take the police to find her body? What if she was never found? What if she was murdered and Rory and the boys were never brought to justice? Was Shelby going to be angry about her clothes? 
Her mind couldn’t function. Couldn’t focus. 
She gaped at their cloaked faces and wondered if these were the last moments of her life. Inside her paralyzed body, Scarlet’s soul began to struggle. She wanted to live. 
Please no…not like this.
Rory unrolled the tattered parchment. Amid the blotches of ocher staining the document, the scroll’s golden lettering leaped from the page, glistening by the light of the moon. 
Rory hovered over her, reading from the script, hollering words in some other language. At first, she thought it was some kind of Satanic gibberish, but as she listened closer, she realized she could understand what he was saying. 
“Hera nos Regina of Atrum. Tribuo nos immortalis!“
Struggling against the pall of the drug, she focused on his voice, translating as he spoke. 
It’s like…Latin, she thought, suddenly grateful for obsessing over the ancient language.
 “Hear us Queen of the Dark, we give you this soul in exchange for power and eternal life. Take this child into your bosom of evil, feast upon her spirit. Grant us immortality!” Rory commanded in the foreign tongue.
She watched as Rory rolled up the scroll and tucked it into a large pocket on the front of his robe. From the same pouch, he then produced what appeared to be a box cutter. 
Oh god!
When he crouched beside her, a rush of adrenaline forced her heart to palpitate faster than she thought it was capable. He edged the blade up with his thumb; a clicking sound preceding the appearance of the razor. Scarlet followed the pointed tip as he loomed over her. The horrific thought of him carving out her eyes crossed her mind. He placed the steel tip against her forehead and sliced what felt like another pentagram. The pain was excruciating, but because of the tonic, her body lay frozen in torment. Warm liquid pooled, then trickled in thin streams from the wound, winding past her eyes and into her hair. She almost wanted to die right then. Her will to live was fading like the last light of sunset.
Please let this be over soon!
As if her wish had been granted, she witnessed Steve place an object into Rory’s waiting hands. It was a very long—very sharp—knife. Holding the silver dagger over her, Rory paused and held her gaze a moment. 
Maybe he’s having second thoughts…maybe he truly cares for me. 
With anticipation swelling in her heart, she held her breath. But her hopes were dashed when a glint of evil crossed his eyes. 
In one fluid motion, he plunged the steel blade into her chest.
And the world stopped.

Dark Butterfly

As hard as it was to play dead, Scarlet forced the pain aside, sipped shallow breaths, and stayed as still as possible. Even when Rory crouched down and closed her eyelids with his fingertips, she refused to believe this was truly happening.
“Untie her,” he said, hollow and uncaring. 
Rough hands removed her bindings, leaving her paralyzed body splayed unsympathetically.
“Okay, we’d better get out of here,” Rory stated.
She cringed inside her broken body.
They’re just going to leave me here?
Like someone had telepathically received her cry, one of the boys asked, “We’re just gonna leave her here? What if someone finds her? What if they link it back to us?” 
“Maybe we should bury her,” added another.
“We have to leave her here, in the pentagram. It’s what the ritual says. It’s been done this way for centuries. Don’t worry so much, Malus will protect us,” Rory explained and then added with a frustrated sigh. “Let’s just go, we have to get her car from the theatrer parking lot and dispose of it.”
They all laughed as they walked away.
Anger occupied her soul like a demon taking possession. Wrath sidled next to her pain, owning her thoughts and emotions.
All she wanted to know was why? What could they possibly have gained from this? She wanted to stand up and scream at them, demanding an answer for her premature demise. How could her life be over when it had so recently begun? She’d only gotten seventeen years. She’d wanted marriage. Children. Travel. A life. Now it had been stolen from her. All that remained were the skeletons of hope, a graveyard of buried dreams.
Her ears perked, Scarlet listened as the sound of dry grass and leaves crunched beneath their feet, then slowly faded away.
Silence.
Hot, angry tears flooded from behind her eyes and rolled down her temples. Frozen like a marble statue by the elixir, she was forced to endure her last moments inert. In the dark. Alone. 
The excruciating pain in her chest was nothing compared to the agony of her screaming soul.
Why? Why me? 
She just wanted to go home, wrap her arms around her mother and father, Shelby, and maybe even Greg. None of this was right, it wasn’t meant to be this way. All the years she’d been robbed of. All the experiences she’d never know. Anger consumed her, leeching her soul of forgiveness.
If there’s an afterlife and I can come back, I’ll haunt those bastards until the end of time!
As her lifeblood slowly drained, pooling in the grass beneath her, she realized it was time. All she hoped was that she’d been a good enough person to go to a better place. As her last breath warmed the cool night air with a final cloud of exhalation, Scarlet waited for something that resembled leaving her body and the appearance of the tunnel of light.
It never came.
An unfamiliar sensation possessed her. Fear twisted around her soul like a venomous serpent.
The ground shuddered beneath her, then began to give way.
Oh God! I’m sinking!
Her lifeless body began to submerge into the center of the pentagram. Enveloped into the dense, cool earth, Scarlet could only surmise that the ground had opened up and was swallowing her whole. Loose soil spilled from above, sealing her into a tomb—a grave. 
Am I dead? I can’t be, I’m still in here.
Trapped in an undead body, fully aware, yet incapable of movement or escape, she was falling through the cracks of existence and couldn’t do anything about it. 
Is this Hell? Is this what it is?
Scarlet searched for something—a memory—to soothe her. To take her away from this nightmare. She reached into the recesses of her mind, recalling the first time she observed the stars up close.
“Daddy,” young Scarlet began, dancing around her father as he set up her new telescope. “Why are the stars so far away?”
He winced as he cranked a bolt on the side of the contraption. “They’re very hot, honey, if we get too close, we’ll get burned.”
“Why do they sparkle?” she inquired, scrunching up her nose.
He replied with a shrug, “I guess that’s just their way of saying hello. Here,” he said, taking his daughter by the hand and showing her how to peer into the eyepiece, “they’re saying hello to you, right now.”
An ache in her soul jarred her back into reality. Behind her sealed lids, her eyes stung with tears.
I would have loved to say good-bye to the stars…and to you, Daddy. 
Somewhere in the midst of the pain and darkness, Scarlet felt her consciousness slip away. Immersed in a nightmare, her psyche locked itself into a room deep within. A childhood prayer echoed through her broken thoughts:

Now I lay me down to sleep, 
I pray the Lord my soul to keep.
If I should die before I wake,
I pray the Lord my soul to take.

Calm fell over her, blanketing her like a shroud. For a split second, she thought an angel may have heard her prayers and had come to save her. But the withering of her soul told her otherwise. An emptiness gathered within, a black hole owned the space where her essence once dwelt. An eclipse. A shadow of what once was Scarlet.
Still aware of her surroundings, she could no longer ignore certain sensations—certain hungers. An instinct overwhelmed her, one she could not name, but it presented itself as desire. 
She felt her body change, morphing into a sleek predator of unprecedented strength and prowess. A sharp pain stabbed behind her eyes and a burning filled her lungs as she tried to inhale.
A flame of hate smoldered beneath the surface of her skin, burrowing itself deep into her soul. Bitterness settled on her heart like thick, dark ash. 
The girl she’d worn beneath this skin fell asleep. 
Dark arms embraced her, pulling her under. Stole her from her world. Her life.
Sinking. 
Then it stopped. 
She was Scarlet no more.
A foreign whisper invaded the privacy of her mind. A female voice she would come to know well.
“Welcome…to Dark World.”

Part Two
Dark World

Dark Evolutions

In the beginning, there was darkness…then light kissed the earth. A cascade of illumination warmed the surface, encouraging the growth of plants, animals—and humans. 
Over the course of millenniums, the humans evolved, mastering the arts of fire and technology. They populated the planet in epic proportions—but they weren’t alone.
While modern humans believed the earth to be a solid chunk of rock, portions of the mantle had fallen away eons ago, leaving a cavern the size of a large continent. Life not only grew within the subversive realm—it flourished. Alongside the evolution of the humans on the surface, a powerful underground race spawned from the seeds of magic and elemental gods—demons. The source of their immortal power, a Crystal Pyramid, magically reflected light from the sun above. 
Led by an all powerful demon, Lucifer, the Legion of demons ruled Dark World for thousands of years.
Amidst their reign, a cataclysmic earthquake shook the earth to its core, opening an abyss and swallowing a small portion of the surface. Thousands of humans and mystical creatures were stolen from the world with a sky and brought down to dwell in the underground kingdom. Weak and frail, the humans naturally became the demons’ slaves. Forced to mine precious bloodstone, they were all but bound to an eternity of hell.
To free themselves, they did the unthinkable—they sold their souls to a demon—Malus, Queen of Dark World.
Empowered and desiring to overthrow her husband, Malus sent scouts to the surface to recruit more souls. The scouts learned that the humans were willing to sacrifice their youth in exchange for supernatural powers. 
It was then that a ritual steeped in the dark arts was born. 
By the time King Lucifer discovered the plot to overthrow him, it was too late. Malus, his wife, had become untouchably powerful and the underworld was overrun with a dominant new race: shades. 
Determined to right the wrong, the King removed six pages from the Devil’s Bible and hid them. Using the last of his powers, he sealed the abyss to prevent further communication with the humans. However, dividing the power of the Bible came with a terrible consequence—the Crystal Pyramid ceased to light Dark World, leaving the demons weakened—and mortal.
Today, the demons have become the slaves—their extinction imminent.

Black Chrysalis

Kane’s seven foot frame stood poised atop an obsidian boulder. He held his large body motionless, thigh muscles flexing beneath his black skin. Horns the shade of midnight adorned either side of his head, drawing to a whorl at his temples whilst dark blue dreadlocks fell between his folded wings, stretching the length of his back. 
With his ebony hooves balanced precariously at the edge of the rock, the demon’s arm muscles twitched in anticipation. His glowing sapphire eyes focused, angular ears twitching with his prey’s slightest movements. 
His black skin reflected the crimson hue emanating from the outlying magma rivers, other than the bioluminescent creatures around him, his only source of light. 
To his right, a distant range of volcanoes roared and blustered, spewing angry streams of hot lava from their gaping mouths. Ahead, the arid sands of the Crimson Desert lie flat and unyielding. A sprinkling of ash snowed over the landscape in attempts to blanket the dry, cracked terrain, but was blown away by consistently zealous gusts of air. 
The searing wind blew across his arms, raising the tiny hairs. Though heat was always welcome upon demon skin, he wondered how a cool ocean breeze might feel against his face. 
A streak of envy tainted his concentration and his dark brow furled. 
Humans, he brooded.
He ground his sharp teeth together, forcing himself to focus on the task at hand. Wielding a smooth, silver dagger with bended arm, the demon awaited the perfect moment to strike. Before him, scoring a wavy pattern in the red sands, a lava snake inadvertently glided towards his death. With scales the color of fresh magma, the snake tasted the environment with a thin, forked tongue. Its lithe body no longer than two feet, it sashayed ever closer to the waiting demon. 
After taking a final aim and snapping his arm straight, Kane speared the snake in the back of the head. Climbing down from the boulder, he bent over and retrieved both his knife and his meal. He then sat on the slab of obsidian and worked quickly to strip the creature of its casing. He cradled the reptile within his large palm as he made an incision, piercing the coral skin with a razor-sharp talon. With his pointer finger, he carefully sliced the creature open, cautious not to spill the organs and entrails. 
When he tossed the scaly hide aside, he heard the inevitable scuffle of meegles emerging from their burrows beneath the rocks. The hairless rodents sniffed the air guardedly, skittering towards the discarded flesh. Their rounded eyes, disproportionately large for their tiny bodies, blazed yellow against the pitch background. Marked with two sapphire bioluminescent stripes running down their backs, they quivered as they surrounded the remains. After a great deal of snarling and gnashing of teeth amongst them, one of the tiny beasts snatched the carcass and dragged it into his den. A rare feast, no doubt.
Pleased he could feed another, Kane focused on his own meal. Placing an ebony hand over the meat, he whispered a magical incantation, “Lucem ferre.”  
Within seconds, a pulsation of orange ignited in the center of his palm. He controlled the flame, searing the tender flesh to medium-rare. His mouth salivated with the scent of his impending dinner. Meager as it was, it would be his first meal in nearly two days. 
For almost a week, he’d been on the hunt for a rogue shade spotted near the hidden city. Two days ago, he discovered the body of a young female demon, her soul missing. The calling card of a shade. Kane’s indigo eyes flared with the thought of his kind being murdered. A population once flourishing with demons now dwindled within a dying world. 
Deep bitterness shrouded his heart. 
It wasn’t supposed to be this way.
His gaze wandered over the darkened wasteland, eyes shining with internal illumination. Enhanced with infrared receptors, his sight pierced the veil of darkness to expose a broken landscape. A realm once rich with power and black magic now lay in ruin, war-torn and desolate. Overtaken by shades, the world he’d been born into no longer existed. 
He flicked his long, thick tail in frustration, taking a bite of his humble feast. The warm, tender flesh slid over his tongue and he felt an iota of his strength return. As he scanned the distant mountain range, their reddish hue painting a panoramic scene, he remembered a time when the Legion of demons ruled. Food was plentiful. Demons lived free amongst a crystalline wilderness. 
And flying. 
He flexed his large bat-like wings as much as the shackles would allow, wincing as the barbs cut into his flesh. Hidden beneath his sheathed sword, two circlets of unbreakable steel, forged within the earth’s core, were bound where his wings met his back. Adorned with needle-sharp spikes, the cuffs pierced his flesh with any endeavor at flight. Many failed attempts to remove them merely proved what he already knew: only the Devil could remove the enchantment put upon them. The shackles were placed on the demons after the Apocalypse. The ones that survived, anyways. 
The Devil. His eyes narrowed to slits. Malus.
He wondered if his world could ever be the same. Would it ever be the way it was before the Queen’s vicious takeover? 
He finished the last bit of the snake and wiped his hands on his leather loincloth. It was then that an ominous song rang out from above. As he looked up, he observed a wraith phoenix soaring overhead. Cloaked in ebon mist, the large bird drifted upon the sweltering breeze. Careful to navigate around the massive stalactites dangling like fangs in an open mouth, it dove and paraded hundreds of feet above Kane’s head.
He looked away from the bird. It reminded him of two painful aspects of his existence: One, he could no longer fly, and two, few creatures in Dark World still possessed their souls. Only a handful of beings existed with their essence intact. The rest were victims of the shades’ lustful greed for power and soul satiation. Once a shade devoured the spirit of another, the victim was destined to wander the world as nothing more than a phantom. The ghostly phoenix was but the shell of its former self, an apparition.
His gaze panned the length of the rocky skyline. Through the haze of ash and darkness, the demon dreamed of a place he’d never been: the Surface. Before the great chasm was sealed, his ancestors could travel to the Surface at leisure, but now, there was simply no access. 
No escape.
Just as he’d done a thousand times before, the demon wondered what the sky looked like. A bitterness wound tight around his heart as he again reflected on the humans. 
Their freedom, their open sky, and especially their stars…do they realize what treasures they possess?
An entire world existed beneath their feet—and they had no idea. A land of magic, power and darkness all dwelt within the heart of a hollow earth.
Kane’s sight blurred in the midst of his embittered loathing. 
Now we are the slaves.
He glanced again at the soulless phoenix weaving below the sky of solid rock and around an enormous column of stone that stretched from ground to ceiling. Scattered throughout Dark World, the gargantuan pillars seemed to bear the load of the Surface upon their backs. Like selfless giants balancing the weight of the world on their shoulders.
Kane’s eyes shifted from the bird and frowned when he recognized something emerging from between the icicles of stone. 
Is that, he wondered, narrowing his gaze, a black cocoon? 
That could only mean one thing: a shade was being born. 
Where are the others? His eyes darted over the width of the forever night sky. Shades are always born in threes!
Searching for the other two cocoons, he fought back a gasp when they were nowhere to be found.
“If it’s a female and she’s born alone, that means she’s the…good gods!” he uttered with disbelief.
Quickly gathering his pack, he jumped from the rock and began sprinting across the fractured landscape. Ferocity pulsed through his blood. His hooves pounded upon the barren terrain in rhythm with his angry heart. 
I must get to it before it hatches!!
He also needed to kill it before it was retrieved by the guards. Dutifully patrolling the borders, the Queen’s guards were to collect any newborn shades—and destroy any free-roaming demons. 
He locked his sights on the writhing black pod forming between the rocky stalactites and pushed himself to run harder. With his wings disabled by the shackles, they flailed uselessly behind him.
I could get there so much faster if I could fly!
He wasn’t convinced his wings would even work considering how long he’d been imprisoned within the shackles. An unwelcome pain seared in his chest. He wished he couldn’t remember how it felt to fly. It would be so much easier to endure the inability if he didn’t remember soaring through the atmosphere. 
He grunted, pushing his large body to run faster. Kane glanced around to ensure no guards were manning the area. If he were caught, if Malus knew he was still alive, the entire realm would suffer for it, even worse than they already were.
The cocoon was nearly ripe, ready to birth its evil offspring. A female figure writhed within, the silken black shell thin enough to be translucent. Kane reached back and slid his sword from its sheath. The scarlet light from remote tributaries of molten rock reflected off the black diamond blade, making it look angry and ready to fight. 
As he arrived at the rocks just beneath the pod, he scanned the terrain. Thankfully, the cocoon was forming at a low point on the sky’s roof. He could scale the large rocks just beneath it and slay her as she dropped. If she made it to the surface, he might not be able to kill her before she killed him.
She’s going to be hungry…very hungry.
He shuddered, shrugging off the notion of being the shade’s first meal. Kane squinted, estimating how high the cocoon was. 
A hundred feet or so.
Most often, shade cocoons nestled into nooks within the rock canopy, several hundreds of feet above ground, and could barely be seen with the naked eye. 
I must be crazy attempting this alone. 
A knot twisted in his stomach as he realized the gravity of the situation. A male shade against a demon was a pretty even fight. A female shade was different. Granted, shades usually didn’t develop their powers until they were a few weeks old, but a female was superior, both physically and magically. 
This is not a good idea.
Determined, he raced to the top of the rocks and watched with disgusted fascination as the pod cracked open, discharging glossy, white pus. Slowly unfolding its onyx petals, the cocoon bloomed like a flowering lotus, preparing to unveil its dark butterfly. Now fully open, it released its hold on the rocks and began to fall. The black star spun gently as though dancing with the breeze, cradling its deadly cargo upon it.
Kane bared his fangs, declaring war on the newborn shade. So many demons had been slaughtered or forced into slavery. He was going to make the shades pay—and he was going to start with this one.

Untamed

A hot, dry wind licked her bare skin. Stray tendrils of her long hair tickled her face and shoulders. Free from the earthy tomb, she lay in the open air, sensing herself falling like a feather rocking on a breeze. 
She tensed the muscles in her arms and legs, smiling as she realized the paralysis had worn off. Though she was certain she could open her eyes now, she was hesitant. The atmosphere was hot—very hot.
Have I gone to Hell?
Not knowing how or why, she recalled being physically harmed, but upon bringing her hand to her chest and slowly caressing the spot where she’d been stabbed, she discovered that the hole was gone. The emblem carved into her forehead had also vanished. She had been healed somehow. 
Was it just a dream? Is this all a dream?
She struggled to retain the memories of her former self. She even fought to remember her name. Everything was different. She was different. It was terrifying and exhilarating all at once.
Her body hummed with energy, a powerful source of something she couldn’t identify—but enjoyed. It was the hunger that frightened her, an aching need that started at her lips and snaked its way to the pit of her stomach. She’d tried to name it, this excruciating desire.
Is it…blood?
The vision of a stereotypical vampire flashed through her mind, a pale, bloodthirsty fiend with red eyes, fangs, and a black cape. She shook off the image knowing it wasn’t blood she lusted for—it was something far more precious.

Balanced atop a rocky mound, Kane eyed the descending pod with revulsion. He gripped his sword with both hands, muscles rippling beneath his ebony skin, and waited. 
Just a little closer…
Indigo eyes blazing, he prepared to bring the wrath. He raised his weapon. The pod only inches from the ground.
“Kane!” a voice shouted from behind him.
He turned to see who had summoned him. As he recognized Legion’s tracker, Deme, his emotion shifted from rage—to one of concern. Chest heaving and sweat glistening as it ran over her ruby skin, her yellow eyes were fierce with urgency.
He gave a longing look to the falling pod and quickly made the decision to tend to Deme first. She had to have tracked him for many days and would only do so if it were imperative.
“What is it?” he asked, keeping his Baritone voice hushed as he clamored down the stony slope.
She held back the sides of her long, black cloak and knelt, bowing her head. “We had a breach of security, sir. A shade.”
Kane fell back onto a rock and sat heavily. A breach? There hadn’t been an intruder within the palace since Legion occupied it. How could a shade have even entered, let alone discovered its secret location? 
The newborn shade momentarily forgotten, he held his head in his hands and quietly asked, “The scroll?”
Deme stiffened. “It’s gone—the banshees have reported theirs stolen as well.”
A shadow of hopelessness cast over him.
“Malus must have discovered that only shades can touch the pages of the Devil’s Bible,” he surmised, cringing at his father’s lack of foresight. “Did anyone see this shade?”
“No, sir.”
“Was anyone hurt?”
She shook her head.
He must be very good, Kane thought, to break through our enchantments and sneak by security.
His heart suddenly weighed a ton. Kane wished his father was still alive, he’d know what to do. He tried to think like his father. He tried to think like the King.
“If Malus acquires all six scrolls, she will gain access to the Surface and turn all the humans to shades,” he uttered.
Not that he cared much for the demise of the human race, but having over seven billion shades roaming the world left his meager city of five thousand demons at an even lesser advantage than they already were. 
She nodded, pushing her long, black hair off her shoulders as she stood. “Yes, the demons will be extinct—unless you believe in miracles.”
 An epiphany graced his thoughts, his gaze drifting to the descending dark angel. “I just might.”

She smelled it before her back even touched the ground. A delicious overwhelming scent that lit a fire within. Though the atmosphere was saturated with the stench of charcoal and ash, her mouth watered and body ached for a taste of this unknown desire. 
Her eyes flew open to reveal a completely new world. 
Where the hell is the sky? 
Above her, a rocky roof extended as far as the eye could see. As though snarling at her, the entirety of the sky was a ceiling of pointed rocks. It reminded her of an enormous cave with no walls. She shifted her eyes from left to right, taking note of the hazy red atmosphere and cringed as she realized she may have indeed descended into the realm described by religion. Strangely, she wasn’t frightened. She expected to be afraid. This was what everyone in the world feared? Wasn’t this the place no one wanted to go? 
In the distance, constant explosions could be heard from volcanic eruptions spewing scalding lava and pouring it down the mountainside like a flaming waterfall—yet it was strangely soothing. 
How did I get here?
The memories of her past life were fading like stars trapped in a sunrise. Her recollection still existed, only now it lived in twilight reality stuck between imagination and consciousness. 
Once more, the succulent fragrance wafted under her nose. An aroma with such allure, she couldn’t stop herself from growling with desire for it. She bared her teeth as she sprang from a horizontal position and found herself face to face—with dinner. 

"Be very careful,” Kane cautioned.
“Good gods Kane, it’s a newborn!” Deme hissed when she saw the shade rise up from the open cocoon.
“Yes,” he whispered. “And she’s hungry.”
Her black lips parted, snarling as she exposed the full length of her fangs. Luminous white eyes shining like stars and silver hair undulating to Dark World’s infernal breath, she glowered at the two demons. 
“Do you happen to have a mask on you?” Kane inquired quietly, keeping his eyes locked on the shade who was now crouching into attack position. 
“Yes,” Deme replied, a line of sweat forming along her hairline. 
As she slowly reached into a pouch on her hip, Kane was keenly aware of the shade watching their every motion. 
“Hurry,” he insisted, noting the shade shift her attention to the tracker. He switched his sword from hand to hand and sliced a figure-eight pattern into the air, successfully diverting the newborn’s focus.
“Got it!” she announced, quickly producing a black ventilator and thrust it in Kane’s direction. 
The abrupt movement, however, startled the shade, causing her to hiss and strike like a cobra. She leapt at Deme, arms outstretched and mouth open, taking the six-foot demon down with one hit. Deme punched and clawed the shade in self-defense, dropping the mask as the newborn lunged for her throat.
With one hand, Kane reached for the mask and with the other he grabbed a handful of the shade’s long, silver mane. While pulling her head back and slapping the vent over her nose and mouth, he uttered the word to magically seal the mask to her face, “Prensio.”
 He then wrapped an arm around her throat and yanked her off Deme. The shade roared in anger, trying to rip the mask off her face. She thrashed and kicked as Kane dragged her from her prey. It took all his strength to hold her. 
“Deme! My pack! There’s twine in my pack!” 
She turned and stumbled towards his leather bag propped against a mound of rocks. Deme tore it open and began a frantic search. She located a bundle of cord and upon pulling it out returned to Kane. 
“Tie her arms first!” he yelled, struggling to maintain his grip around the fiend’s neck. 
Deme attempted to gain hold of the shade’s flailing hands. After acquiring one, she tied the twine firmly around her wrist. As Deme seized hold of her other hand, the shade suddenly brought her entire torso up, perpendicular to Kane, and kicked the tracker square on the throat. 
Deme flew several feet backward, skidding along the sand, her mouth formed into a muted scream as the pointed shackles on her wings dug into her back. She clutched her neck and fought to inhale. Several moments later, spitting blood onto the dirt, she managed to take in a few ragged breaths.
“Damn it!” Kane growled at the shade, unsheathing his sword. “Now you’ve just pissed me off!” 
He lifted his blade vertically, bringing the heavy, steel handle onto the back of the shade’s head. Instantly falling limp in his arms, he dropped her to the ground and quickly tied her hands and feet together.
“Let’s head home,” Kane ordered as he helped Deme to standing, then asked, “May I have your cape?” 
Deme seethed in quiet protest, removing her cloak and handing it to him. He took it, draping it over the nude shade. Kane then bent over, scooped her up and slung her over his shoulder. He cringed as the coolness of her undead body breached his feverish skin. 
Even as he held the feral fiend, he couldn’t help but feel the stirrings of hope. If he brought her back to the city, could he tame her? Then convince her to help him and his people? Or would she embrace her dark nature and destroy him? 
Would she be a savior for the demons—or their extinction?

The Crystal Pyramid

With no visible sunlight to assist them in determining time, the creatures of Dark World depended on the faithful explosions of geysers sparsely situated throughout the realm. Upon firing scalding mist into the atmosphere like a canon, the eruptions occurred at a constant rate. Increasing in power and height as the day progressed and gradually lessening towards morning.
Only fifty feet from the nearest, Kane watched as a geyser discharged, sending steam and searing water high into the air.
“It’s getting late,” he stated, readjusting the shade on his shoulder.
Deme’s fiery gaze scrutinized the landscape. “Yes, the death worms will awaken soon.” 
“We’ll stay in there,” Kane said, pointing to a cave at the base of Shard Mountain. Exhausted, he lugged the venomous human, still soundly unconscious, over the rocky terrain. Once entering the cave, Kane set the shade down in a corner. He arched his back and groaned, slowly moving towards a large rock and sitting.
Deme eyed him suspiciously, then asked, “When was your last bloodstone?” 
Kane replied with a sigh, “A couple of days ago.”
 Immediately reaching for her pouch, Deme retrieved a marble-sized, crimson stone. Hand extended, she offered it to him. 
He shook his head and held up his hand. “No, you’ll need that for yourself.”
Deme gave him an adamant look and thrust her hand insistently towards him. “You’ll run out of energy soon, take it.”
He exhaled and accepted it from her. Kane held the rock within his fist and squeezed, crushing it. A thin trickle of red ran from within his palm. He tilted his head back and opened his mouth, allowing the essence to drip onto his tongue. A quiet moan escaped him, his blue eyes glowing brighter. After opening his hand, he observed the remnants of the bloodstone. With what little light was available, the bits of rock glimmered as they lay shattered on his open palm. Without the bloodstone, the demons wouldn’t have lasted more than few days after the radiance of the Crystal Pyramid died. Had his father known the true power of the giant monolith, he might not have divided the Bible.
“Do you remember what it was like, Deme?” he asked wistfully. “Before the shades took over?”
She exhaled sharply, sitting down on a large rock across from him. “Of course,” she replied with the same tone of longing. “I was only a child, but I remember.”
Kane looked at the unconscious shade, unable to ignore the streak of anger that coursed through him. He knew none of this was her fault, but she was still one of them. 
“Let’s get some rest,” he said, leaning back against the cave wall.
“Yes sir,” Deme replied, crossing her arms over her chest and closing her eyes. 
He watched as Deme’s chest rose and fell, she’d succumbed to sleep the moment she shut her eyes, or was very good at pretending to be. Kane looked at their feral prisoner, wondering how long she’d remain comatose. He fought against the fatigue but his eyelids reluctantly closed. Though sleep came quickly, he was immediately plagued with dream-like memories—memories of the apocalypse.

The sound of whips cracking echoed from within the mines followed by the pained cries of disobedient humans. The occasional rattle of chains and clanking of pickaxes emanated from within the mountain. The deep, authoritative voices of the demon guards resonated as they commanded the humans to work harder and faster.
Every so often, a cart would rumble out from the darkness, overflowing with bloodstone. Several humans pushed the heavy load, shackles around their necks. Barely acknowledging the young prince as they delivered the cargo beyond the mouth of the cavern, they simply returned to the shadows to labor for more stones, hatred residing behind their eyes.
While he awaited his father’s return, young Kane rest upon a mound of soft moss outside the entrance of the cave, playing with his satchel full of precious gems. He rolled them from one hand to another, admiring the way the tiny jewels glistened and glinted against the prismatic glow of the Crystal Pyramid. He stared into the distance, admiring the enchantment of Dark World’s only source of light. Not only did it provide nutrients for plants to flourish and cleanse the air, it was a source of power—one which fed the demons with unimaginable dark magic.
“I want ten thousand units today, no excuses.” Kane heard his father’s deep voice stem from within the cave.
“Yes, King Lucifer,” a demon guard complied.
The sound of large hooves crushing pebbles approached from behind the young demon. “Ready to go home?” 
Kane rose, still watching as the large crystal refracted a rainbow of colors, wondering if the sun on the Surface could possibly be as radiant.
 “Father,” the demon child began. “Tell me about the Surface.”
“Again?” his father chuckled.
With an enthusiastic nod and wide eyes pleading, Kane asked, “Yes, what does it look like up there?”
His father’s face warmed with fond recall. He filled his lungs with a deep breath, placing a hand on his son’s shoulder. “It’s…beautiful.”
“When’s the last time you were there?” 
“Not long ago,” he started, then glanced down at his son. “Don’t worry, you only have to wait two more years and then I’ll take you there,” he said, then muttered under his breath, “Hopefully.”
Young Kane ignored the comment, turning his attention back to the monolith, miles away yet easily visible with the naked eye.
“What’s inside the pyramid?” 
His father paused. “I’m not sure,” he began. “Some say it’s solid quartz…others say it’s hollow inside, big enough for an entire city to live in.”
Kane furrowed his brow. “You mean you’ve never gone to see?”
“No.” His father turned serious. “The pyramid is sacred—it is forbidden to enter it.”
Kane’s indigo eyes widened, gazing at the mammoth tetrahedron shimmering in the distance. What secrets did it hold? What ancient wonders were hidden within?
The young prince vowed to find out—someday.
“Can we go home now?” Kane asked his father around a yawn, stretching his talons above him.
“Yes.” The King nodded, his head adorned with a heavy crown of horns. Placing one hand on his son’s shoulder, he swept the other over the awaiting horizon. “Shall we?”
His father unfolded his large bat-like wings and gave a mighty flap, propelling him into the air. With a grin, Kane secured his satchel of gems onto his leather belt, and spreading his young wings wide, joined his father in flight. They rose higher and higher into the atmosphere, father and son soaring over the flourishing landscape. A warm wind kissed his face as Kane pushed his wings harder in attempts to fly faster than his father. They dodged one another playfully, making their way back to the kingdom.
The Crystal Pyramid’s light shifted from light blue to violet, foreshadowing twilight. As it mirrored the illuminated moods of the sun on the Surface, Dark World’s aura varied throughout the day. Just like the Surface at night, Dark World was submerged into an ocean of darkness, only there was no moon or stars to enlighten the shadows. The light of the pyramid had always shone faithful, only muted while it rested for the night.
“We need to hurry,” his father stated with an edge of urgency. “The creatures of the dark will be out soon.”
Kane nodded with understanding. The moment the Crystal Pyramid’s light dimmed for the evening, nocturnal beasts of unfathomable terror would emerge. Most lived on land, unable to reach the soaring demons, but some of the most dangerous could fly.
Legion, the demon kingdom, shadowed the horizon. Tall ivory peaks bordered by a high, white brick wall. Home.
A place of power. Peace.
Until now.
The moment they neared the outskirts of the city, ice moved through the young prince’s veins, hearing screams radiating from within. 
“Father! Look!” Kane pointed to columns of fire rising from inside the enclosure. As they moved closer, he could see an onslaught of silver-haired humans attacking the demons. His family.
How? We’re so much stronger than they are! Kane thought, panic growing in his chest.
“Stay here!” his father ordered, diving into the center of the mayhem. 
 “Father!” the young prince shouted, watching him spiral into the slaughter. It was the last time Kane ever saw the king alive.
Only days later, the Crystal Pyramid fell dark forever—its gift of power and immortality to the demons, gone.

A loud shriek woke him. 
Dazed, Kane tried to determine whether what he was hearing was real or an echo from his nightmare.
 “Sphinxes,” Deme commented, instinctively stroking the sheathed blade mounted on the outside of her thigh. “Let’s hope they don’t know we’re here.”
A flicker of anxiety lit within his core. While a sphinx wasn’t the most fearsome creature they could encounter in the dark wilderness, it was a dangerous and formidable predator.
There are worse, Kane admitted as he glanced to the prisoner in the corner of the cave. Convinced she was still out cold, he then worried he’d hit her too hard and permanently damaged her, but quickly doused the concern. shades were tough. Damn tough. He and the other demons had underestimated them. Until the war, the demons had no idea of the powers the shades held. Powers of healing, magic—and necromancy. But how could they? The shades were a new species in Dark World. An altered breed of human. An abomination.
He stood and wandered to the opening of the cave, scanning the landscape for any sign of sphinxes. Sphinxes were sleek and particularly sly opponents. Flesh eaters, they preyed on anything they could sink their fangs into. If a pack happened upon a lone demon or two, they wouldn’t hesitate to attack.
“Do you want me to do first watch?” Deme asked, drawing her blade. 
“No, I’m awake now, you rest and then we’ll switch,” he responded quietly.
“Are you alright?” She moved to his side, close enough for her body heat to mix with his.
“Yes, I’m fine.” Straightening his back, he took a step away.
Without a word, she returned to her seat. 
A sense of guilt washed over him. She was only trying to be kind, and she was very beautiful. He just—couldn’t. 
Black and gray clouds rolled over the dark horizon, matching the storm in his soul. The image of his wife’s face wavered in his memories like a reflection in water. 
Seren.

Ever

A dream wandered through her unconsciousness. Memories swam by, but never stayed in focus long enough for her to know if they were real or imagined. 
Images of violence. 
Fear. 
Death.
A dagger glinted against the light of a pale moon before it entered her chest. 
The boy. 
The one who drove the knife into her heart, his voice resounded, “There is no death—only transition.”
Sinking. 
Submerging into darkness.
Suddenly standing in a void, she saw a mirror. At first, it reflected a beautiful, yet terrifying fiend with white eyes, black lips, and silver hair. She gasped, placing a pale hand adorned with long, black fingernails against the glass. 
What’s happened to me?
A dark fear swelled in her shattered soul. What had she become? What had she been? Shaking her head, the confusion angered her. The image morphed into another figure. Another face. A girl with long brown hair stared back at her, eyes the color of the sea. 
The stars, the image whispered. Remember the stars. 
But before she could recall the stars, a hunger, deep and aching, ripped through her body, overshadowing the dream. Her eyes snapped open, focusing on her surroundings.
Where am I?  
The cave walls were damp with sweat from the heated rocks. Gold glistened on the surface like a network of amber veins. Creatures howled outside the cavern, a nocturnal world submerged in evil. 
Come home, daughter, come home! 
The voice, it was familiar. Somehow she knew. It resonated in her core. Sung by an anonymous mother she had yet to meet and hungered to find. The call—the need—to go home ate at her insides. A home she’d never seen, but felt its essence crawl beneath her skin like a million spiders. 
She eyed the sleeping she-demon and seethed with hate. These demons were mortal enemies, she felt it with all her being. Their existence disgusted her, except—their scent. Their unbelievably delicious scent made her mouth water. The horrendous mask the male demon had sealed over her face somehow curbed the intensity of their aroma, but did not quash it. 
Her eyes closed, hearing the hot blood as it rushed through their veins. Their hearts pumped the pure, crimson bliss throughout their bodies. But it wasn’t their blood she craved—she needed their souls.
She bared her fangs behind the visor and suppressed the growl of desire rising into her throat.
At the opening of the cave, a large shadow blended with the night, his head hung in apparent sorrow. The shade began slicing at the rope with the tips of her black fingernails—and formulated a plan of attack.

The memory of Seren’s scream tortured him, followed by the whisper of her final breath. Closing his eyes, he fought the emotions that threatened to rise to the surface. He clenched his hands tight, talons piercing, drawing blood from his palms. The pain on the outside could never equate the hurt within. His beautiful Seren—soulless—and it was his fault. He gritted his teeth, regret slicing through him.
If only I’d stayed home that day. 
Long ebony hair had gathered under her head like a feather pillow, cushioning her as she stared up at Kane. Her amber eyes glistened with unshed tears while her chest fought to take one more breath.
“Kane…” she whispered, blood escaping the side of her mouth and traversing the line of her jaw. “Don’t let them win.”
He shook his head, tears rolling over his taut, black skin. “I won’t…I won’t.”
A shadow fell over her eyes as she uttered one last wish, “Save Dark World…for Ever.”
He held Seren’s lifeless body, crying for the second time in his life. His father’s death had been the first. His wife, his love—was gone. Had the light of the Crystal Pyramid still gazed lovingly upon the demons, he could have saved her. He could have transferred her soul. Possessed another body with her essence.
Anguish consumed him. Hate owned him. They’d killed his one, true mate. His soul mate.
The scroll…I should have given it to them, Seren, Kane brooded, the memory of that moment leaving claw marks upon his heart. They have it now anyways.
He hung his head, knowing he was wrong to think that way, he knew the consequences if he gave up.
If my mother find all the pages, my love, we will lose our world forever.
The recollection fading, one last glimpse into the past drifted through his thoughts. Those last moments before he left his home, before he descended into the underground kingdom. 
Their humble abode torn to shreds, he frantically searched for the only light he had left in his life—his daughter, Ever.

 “Kane! Watch out!” Deme hollered, freeing her blade from its cover and pointing it at the shade.
Kane spun around, raising his elbow to shield himself. He caught sight of the shade stalking him from within the shadows. She’d managed to liberate herself from the ropes, the prowess of her sleek body impressive as she hunted him. Draped in Deme’s long black cloak, she moved with instinctual intent, eyes locked on Kane.
He challenged her gaze, slowly reaching back for his sword. As he gripped the handle and pulled, the hum of the black blade sliding from its perch resonated within the chamber. 
Armed with a curved dagger, Deme moved stealthily toward the shadows behind the shade.
The shade released a low, guttural snarl, tossing an anxious glance from one demon to the other. Apparently deciding she was outmatched, she pushed her back against the wall of the cave, bent her knees, and curled up onto the floor.
“She’s just hungry,” Kane concluded, putting his sword away. “We’ll have to find her something soon, before she loses all that’s human in her.”
Upon hearing the word human, the shade’s head snapped up, white eyes narrowed with suspicious interest. Inspecting Kane, she tilted her head to the side.
Deme glanced back and forth between the shade and Kane. “Did she just…understand you?”
Frowning, Kane responded, “I can’t see how, shades have to learn to speak Attra, they aren’t born knowing it.”
He approached the shade huddled on the floor. 
“Do you understand me?”
The shade glowered and tucked tighter into a ball. Like a wild animal cornered, she uttered a low rumble from the back of her throat, warning him not to come any closer.
He shook his head and prepared to stand. “No, she must have just…” he began, but stopped when he heard a small voice whisper in his native tongue. 
“Yes.”

Fate

Dark World’s storm had quieted overnight, allowing the ash to settle on the ground like steel shavings. Akin to fresh fallen snow on the Surface, the billowing cinders drifted over the open valley. Scattered skeletons of long-dead beasts protruded from the smothering sands and cinders, a pale graveyard of half-buried bones. Remnants of a voracious and ruthless realm.
The trio trudged through the ankle-high layer of grey powder. Kane and Deme walked ahead, voices low as their prisoner sauntered reluctantly behind. A new rope had been tied around her wrists since she’d somehow destroyed the other. This time, however, Kane placed an unbreakable enchantment on it and created an extension of the rope to hold in his hands, like a leash.
“How could she know Attra? It doesn’t make sense. shades are born without knowledge of this world.” Deme’s brows furled.
Bewildered, Kane responded, “I have no idea, I’ve never heard of such a thing.”
“We should take her to the Oracle, she will know,” Deme hissed, glancing over her shoulder at the feral human.
Kane silently agreed. He’d already planned on taking the shade to see the Oracle, if he could find the elusive prophetess. She wasn’t one to stay put for very long. The Oracle would know what to do, or at least guide him in the right direction. But he needed to hurry, time was growing short. 
He felt a tug on the rope and realized the shade was lagging. Immediately slowing his velocity, he turned to look at her. Her pale skin was even paler and her glowing eyes were dimming. 
She needs food.
Surveying his surroundings, he saw that they were approaching the Crystalline Forest. 
There might be something there for her to…eat.
He grimaced. He’d seen shades eat, it was disturbing. 
Noticeably shifting their heading toward the forest, Deme inquired with a hint of angst, “We’re going in there?” 
“Yes, the shade needs food and there should be plenty of creatures in there.”
Her face twisted in displeasure. Apparently Deme didn’t like to watch shades eat either. She tapped the dagger on her thigh with her long talons, seemingly aware the reputation of the Crystalline Forest. Beautiful, yet rich with deadly creatures.
A light sparked behind the she-demon’s eyes. “If we keep her weak,” she glanced back, “she can’t use her powers.”
Kane shook his head. “They’re powerless until they are a few weeks old anyways, then all hell breaks loose.”
 From the wary expression on Deme’s face, Kane knew she wasn’t convinced. And frankly, neither was he.

Hundreds of thick, quartz shafts protruded from the rocky floor like crystal tree trunks. Each had a unique hue emanating from within, some pink, some yellow, and some green. Many had fallen over, their trunks perched at precarious angles and branches left shattered upon the ground. 
The forest floor was smooth and iridescent, tinged pink. White striations and thin cracks ran throughout like broken glass.
The shade admired the polished ground and wondered if it were comprised of pure rose quartz. 
Funny, she thought, How is it I can’t remember my name or where I came from, but I can recognize types of rocks?
Enormous geodes lay about the forest resembling giant boulders. Some were split in half, displaying a crystallized rainbow of colors inside. Ahead, a towering mountain reached for the rocky roof, hot mineral water poured from its highest peak creating a cascading steam bath below. The scorching pool whirled and bubbled, sending tendrils of white mist to hover over the forest floor, simmering and spilling over like a witch’s cauldron.
Clad in the she-demon’s black cloak, the shade strolled through the crystalline woods in awe. She didn’t remember much about her previous existence, but she knew she’d never seen anything so beautiful. If it wasn’t so incredibly hot, she might have guessed the entire setting were made of ice. 
Glancing up at the ceiling of rock, she felt oddly dismayed by the lack of sky. Though it was hundreds, even thousands, of feet between the ground and ceiling, she couldn’t shake feeling claustrophobic. It was then she noticed several odd-looking spherical pods dangling from the branches of the crystal trees. Like huge green balloons, they swayed in the burning breeze. She watched with fascination as one of the orbs fidgeted, as if something were inside trying to get out. 
What’s in there? 
She tilted her head way back and strained to see, examining the oddity.
“Are you coming?” the male demon inquired, giving the leash a yank. The she-demon turned and stood with one hand on her hip, her long, red tail flicking impatiently.
The shade began walking again, intermittently gazing up at the curious wriggling cocoon. Soon, it rocked so violently that it broke free from the branch and plummeted to the ground, landing with a hollow thud at her feet. The perfectly round shell rolled on its own volition before coming to a stop against her calf. While kneeling to inspect the anomaly, she was again yanked forward by the leash, this time, much harder. Nearly tripping from the force of the pull, the shade felt an angry burn ripple through her body. She snarled and glared at the male demon’s muscular back. A distinct heat pulsated in her core. She lowered her chin and concentrated on him, the sensation in her abdomen getting stronger—and hotter. Wind generated around her like a violent storm building in her aura. Her entire body buzzed with electricity and her hair whipped and waved about her head. 
What’s happening to me?
With her breath coming fast and hard, she wasn’t sure she could hold onto the power much longer. She exhaled with a sigh, releasing the energy. A huge ball of white lightning exploded from her solar plexus. Brilliant and pulsating, it raced through the air, crackling and snapping as fingers of electricity snarled around it. The sphere slammed into the male demon’s back, dissipating between his shoulder blades and sending him hurtling nearly fifteen feet. He landed hard on his chest, unmoving. The female demon gasped and ran to him.
 “Kane! Are you alright?” she said as she shook his lifeless body.
After receiving no response, Deme turned to the shade, red lips curled, eyes blazing, and unsheathed her blade. Her long silver dagger drawn and raised, the she-demon charged, thrusting the blade at the shade’s chest. The shade blocked the demon’s attack with her bound hands, then turned and side-kicked her opponent in the stomach. Winded, the demon fell onto her knees, coughing and spitting as she tried to catch her breath. 
“Won’t try that again, will you?” The shade sneered, almost hoping she would.
The shade looked at the male demon, her brow furled at the sight of his lifeless body. A twinge of regret pulled at her core, the stirrings of a muted voice attempting to break through. Something deep within told this was wrong. That she shouldn’t hurt others. 
The darkness stalking the perimeter of her soul leapt forward, trying to silence the frail conscience. Smother it. But it was too late, she’d already heard it. Recognized it.
The shade approached the one called Kane and knelt down beside him. His body heat radiated toward her bare skin as she contemplated if—and how—she could help him.

Every inch of his body ached. A dull throb consumed every muscle. 
Damn shade! She wasn’t supposed to have her powers yet!
He winced as he attempted to move his arm and realized he was paralyzed. Panic washed over him. 
What the hell did she do? I’ve never known a shade to incapacitate someone like this! 
Suddenly, a gentle hand caressed his back and he tensed inside his skin. 
Deme, Kane assumed as the uninvited softness slid across over shoulder blades. He thought it odd that Deme’s palm felt surprisingly cool for a demon. 
Discomfort twisted in his gut. He hadn’t felt a female’s touch since before his wife died. While it felt nice, he couldn’t help but endure a pang of guilt. Seren’s image flashed through his thoughts and a pain pierced his soul.
She’s dead, Kane, you have to move on.
No matter how many times he told himself that, it never sunk in. Don’t the bonds of love still remain even if one is gone? Didn’t the cohesion that held them together in life still exist beyond the physical? He just couldn’t convince himself otherwise. 
Just as he was beginning to accept her touch, a sensation possessed him, like ice shards slicing every inch of his body. He twitched and writhed in pain, wondering if the agony would every end. Then, as quickly as it began, it stopped. His entire being exploded with newfound energy. The paralysis was gone. All the pain was just—gone. 
His entire body radiated from within. As if every cell in his body had exploded with light, he felt buoyant, like pure energy. A magnetic desire consumed him, drawing him in. An urge like no other. A power. His heart beat in stride with another. As though two had become one. For a fleeting moment, he and this other being shared their energies—their souls. 
Then it pulled away. Like having the first beam of sunshine to grace his skin, it was suddenly dark again and he was thrust into the cold, lonely night.
His eyes wide, he jumped to his hooves and took a fleeting look around, expecting to see Deme at his side. Things became clear immediately. Deme was standing several feet away—the shade was right beside him.
“What did you do to me?” he growled, more upset she’d touched him than that she’d wounded him.
“I’m sorry.” Her voice was small as she stared at the ground, avoiding his glare.
Once again taken aback by her ability to understand and speak their language, Kane nodded. He dusted himself off and gave the shade a long, hard look. 
Why did she heal me? She could have left me—but she didn’t.
Was he wrong about shades? Were they not born inherently wicked? Why would this being help him if she were truly evil? 
He looked her up and down, her shoulders slumped and head bowed, wondering if it were possible. Was there just enough of her human nature left inside of her to keep the monster at bay? Could he trust her? 
Kane had seen these creatures do vile things. Cruel and merciless slayings of the innocent. Children even. If he gave this one a chance, he might not live to regret it.
She was born alone. His inner voice undermined his logic. Did this make her so different from the others? You need her.
The voice spoke the truth. His people needed her. He needed her.
It occurred to him that if he initiated a mutual trust—a truce—maybe she’d agree to help him. She didn’t know it, but she was the demons’ hope for salvation. Not just for the demons, but for countless races dwelling within the subterranean world. His father had ruled over all of them. He had been the Devil. Now Malus ruled over the races and this shade could be their last chance at saving Dark World.
He suddenly reached out, placed his hands upon her bound wrists, and whispered, “Dimitterre.”
Deme moved to protest when she realized what he was doing, but was too late. The ropes had fallen to the ground. Disenchanted. 
As she rubbed her wrists, the shade looked up at the demon, her eyes filled with appreciation. 
He sincerely hoped he wasn’t going to regret releasing her. “Do you remember your name?”
Pain filled her eyes. She searched her empty memory banks, then shook her head in frustration.
Kane eyed her carefully, thinking of his people.
“Then we shall name you Fate…for that is what you hold in your hands.”

Torn

Seated on a large geode sharpening his sword, Kane chuckled as he watched the shade’s child-like behavior. She’d found the fallen pod, the catalyst of their earlier dispute, and latched onto it like a child with a new toy. 
It was surprising to see her act so—human. Kane hadn’t been around a newborn shade for any length of time, he’d only witnessed the horrors they were capable of when they matured.
Deme had gone into the forest to hunt, leaving Kane and Fate to rest in a clearing. While she had offered to find them food, Kane wondered if Deme was displeased with him for freeing the shade and needed to be alone. He wasn’t sure if releasing the shade was the right thing to do, but he felt something he couldn’t quite explain. A building trust? An alliance? He didn’t know for certain, but ever since she healed him, he’d felt the quickening of something he couldn’t name growing inside him. A seed germinating within his soul.
He knew he should be concerned about allowing her to run freely, what with her apt ability to kill, but she’d proven she didn’t mean to harm him and with the mask disabling her from eating, he didn’t have to worry about losing his soul. 
 “I wouldn’t touch that if I were you,” Kane warned as Fate knelt down and poked at the basketball-sized pod with her finger.
“Why?” Fate asked, rolling it around. “Is it dangerous?”
Kane smirked. She’d find out soon enough.
“What’s in there? Will it hurt me?” An innocent wonder danced behind her illuminated eyes as she nudged the oddity.
 “Not exactly,” he responded. “I just wouldn’t play with…”
Before he could finish his warning, she prodded the shell one last time and it split wide open with a loud snap. Slimy green ooze sprayed in all directions, large globules landing on her head, face and shoulders.
“Uhh!” she shouted, quickly backing away from it. 
 “I warned you,” he said.
“You didn’t tell me it was going to explode!” 
 She ran her fingers through her long white hair, now streaked lime, and scowled at Kane when he laughed at her.
“How am I going to get this stuff off?” she whined, holding her hands out and examining the sticky substance. “Ick!”
“Ick,” a tiny voice mimicked her from within the cracked pod. “Ick.”
“What the…?” Fate’s eyes narrowed, peering into the fractured cocoon.
At first, the only features visible were the eyes—large, round, glowing green eyes—then a furry, white face poked out. 
A triangular pink nose resided in the center of a short muzzle, reminiscent of a Persian cat. Slitted pupils dilated mischievously within emerald orbs. Then the rest of him tumbled out, revealing the creature’s arms, legs, hands and feet, all covered with soft, white hair. Fluffy wings stemmed from the center of its back to its wrists. The only things that distinguished it from being a cat, other than the wings, were its enormous pointed ears and mouthful of razor-sharp teeth.
“What is this thing?” Fate asked, mesmerized by the little beast.
“A gargoyle,” Kane replied, nonchalant. “You can eat it if you want to.” 
“What?! I could never hurt this little guy,” she replied, holding her hands out to the gargoyle who in turn toddled towards her, his winged arms open wide.
Kane ceased what he was doing and tried to suppress the look of shock on his face. She didn’t want to eat it? All he’d ever known of shades was their insatiable hunger for souls, it didn’t matter who or what they stole it from. He’d never seen one show mercy—until now. 
As Fate scooped the baby gargoyle up into her arms like a kitten and cuddled it, Kane felt a sensation in his chest that he hadn’t felt for a very long time. Warmth curled around his heart, seeping into his soul. He shook his head, quashing the feeling immediately.
Don’t be ridiculous, she’s…a killer. She’s a shade. She’s not capable of kindness or—love. He glanced again at the scene. Is she?

She giggled as she played with the newborn gargoyle, experiencing the first sense of peace since she’d arrived in this foreign world. She’d felt so torn with this new place. 
And the voice. 
The voice that had welcomed her to Dark World, the voice that haunted her from the moment she’d arrived was growing louder. Begging for her to come home. 
Where is home? 
She recalled a place where she raised her face to a brilliant ball of light shining in an open, blue sky. A place where oceans of tall green grass rolled in waves over voluptuous fields. Where snowflakes waltzed within a crisp, morning air, glistening like weightless diamonds. As memories trickled through her awareness, flashes of her former life haunted her, as did the girl she saw in the mirror. 
“Ick.” The gargoyle purred and pawed at her leg gently, comforting her as if sensing her inner torment.
“Is that your name? Ick?”
Fate picked him up, intending to introduce him to Kane. She was stroking the soft fur on his back when she smelled something. Something delicious. Worried her hunger was getting the better of her and she was picking up Kane’s scent again, she started to back away. She’d been trying hard to ignore his enticing aroma. The mask he’d attached to her face was annoying, but helped to dull the desire to consume him. Even though her instinct was to devour him, she didn’t know why, but she didn’t want to hurt him.
She scanned the forest with her infrared eyes. At first, she saw nothing, but then, from deep within the shadows, she saw them. Red eyes—lots of them.
“Kane,” she whispered, hoping to get his attention without alerting the ones stalking them.
“Yes?”
“There’s something…out there,” she said, her voice low as she gestured towards the woods.
Kane immediately stood and gazed into the depths of the Crystalline Forest. 
“It might be Deme,” he offered, uncertainty tainting his voice.
Fate countered, shaking her head, “No, there’s more than one.”
“Get behind me,” he ordered, raising his sword and glaring into the dark. 
“I can help you!” She narrowed her eyes at the hulking black demon and stomped her foot against the forest’s marbled floor. 
His blue eyes flared in warning, a look of stubborn determination eclipsing his face. Fate tucked Ick tightly under her arm and moved reluctantly behind Kane. 
Now closer than she’d ever been to him, she examined the demon. Her eyes drawn to him. His physique. His sheer presence left her breath caught in her throat.
He exuded a palpable air of nobility and honor, yet a quiet vulnerability lurked beneath the surface. With his jaw clenched and muscular body poised for battle, she couldn’t help but allow her gaze to linger longer than intended. Her stare slid over his extraordinary form, noting the multitude of scars marring his velvety black skin, a patchwork of his many battles and hardships. She wondered how it would feel to run her hands along his arms, his shoulders—his back. 
It was odd, she considered suddenly. The first day they’d laid eyes upon one another, there was an instant hatred. An instinctive distrust and loathing. Except now, only a day later, her feelings had changed drastically. Something was different. But what? And how? 
Ever since I touched him…
The low rumbling from the throat of a wild animal jarred her from her reverie. The creatures edged nearer, their red eyes closing in around them. From all sides, the beasts glowered, their identities hidden by the darkness. Kane’s gaze panned the forest, anticipating an attack. He bared his fangs and growled at the unseen stalkers, maneuvering his sword in a figure eight pattern. 
The owners of the red eyes emerged from the shadows and came into focus. Four enormous creatures with hulking cat-like bodies sauntered towards them. Oddly, their faces were somewhat human, yet blended with feline features. Their massive paws padded on the quartz floor, long curved claws clicking with every step. Heads lowered, their crimson eyes locked onto their prey. They displayed a mouthful of shark-like teeth, grinning as they formed a semi-circle around Kane and Fate.
“Sphinxes,” Kane uttered with a shaky breath. Four times the size of a male lion, they stood tall enough to look the seven-foot demon in the eyes. “Even if Deme were here, we could never take on four sphinxes—even two demons against one sphinx is tricky.”
Hidden beneath the black cloak, Ick squirmed and whimpered against her. Fate studied the beasts, wrestling with the building ache in her chest. She held her breath, struggling to block the overwhelming aroma. Hugging Ick closer, she tried to hold on. Clinging to a shred of her humanity. 
Don’t! Don’t lose yourself!
Forced to inhale, the scent snaked behind the mask and wound itself around her instinct. Something evolved inside her. Something dark—and hungry.
Fate turned and set the tiny gargoyle down. She reached out and placed a cool hand on Kane’s arm. His hot, black skin felt like fire on her palm. Startled, his head turned sharply towards her. His eyes widened.
The lust had won. Pulled into darkness, an evil had taken over. She forced the words from her salivating mouth, commanding Kane, “Take off the mask.”

Fate’s aura pulsed black. A dark, writhing mist churned and snarled around her body. Her eyes, once bright as stars, had flooded ebony. As though tar had seeped into the skin around her eyes and invaded her veins, blackness leeched like a masquerade mask. Kane shuddered at the sight of her. 
For his own safety, he considered leaving the mask on, but with the wrath of four sphinxes edging closer, he knew what had to be done. He brought his hand to her face and cupping the black mask within his palm, he whispered, “Demitterre.”
His only hope was that she wouldn’t turn on him.

Unleashed

A fevered craving swelled within her chest. An evil awakened. The monster inside her was anxious, giddy for the taste of death.
She hissed, baring her porcelain fangs. Her onyx eyes shone with malevolent excitement. With the grace of a true predator, she crouched into attack position and brandished her claws. She ran her tongue over her ebony lips, anticipating the meal to come. With a final taunting grin, she shrieked like a banshee and sprung. Aiming for the lead sphinx, she dug her nails into its left shoulder and maneuvered herself onto its back, straddling him. The sphinx howled in pain. It whipped its head back and forth, gnashing its razor-sharp teeth. 
Two more beasts lunged at her, but the last turned its attention to Kane. She watched it saunter away, tail flicking with gleeful eagerness, teeth glinting in its open mouth. The sphinxes swatted her with their enormous paws. She veered and dodged their attempts with unfathomable speed. 
Tossing a concerned glance in Kane’s direction, she sensed she had to stop toying with the monstrous creatures and end this quickly. She reached around the sphinx she was mounted on and drove her lance-like claws into the soft curvature of its neck. Upon severing the jugular, blood sprayed onto the hot, dry ground. The mighty creature slumped forward and then fell onto its side with a resounding thud, its lifeblood trickling away. 
The two sphinxes advanced, fury raging behind their ruby eyes. 
Fate positioned herself on the back of the fallen sphinx and, with one forceful leap, propelled to the top of an angled crystal shard. The creatures roared and slashed at the base of the hexagonal trunk. Perched like a cat atop the icy tree, she sneered at her adversaries, her eyes like polished obsidian, narrowed and mocking. 
In the midst of her teasing, however, her limbs weakened and she nearly lost her hold on the branch. Lethargy invaded her muscles. Her mind swam in several directions. Dizzy, she leaned against the crystal stalk and hoped it would pass quickly. 
What’s wrong with me? 
She forced her head to turn Kane’s way, helpless as she watched him struggle to stay alive.

His stance low and centered, heart hammering against his ribcage, Kane glowered at the oncoming beast. The sphinx lowered its torso, tail flicking like a kitten ready to pounce on a mouse, humanoid face grinning atop its feline form. For a moment, time froze, neither making the first move. Then a flash of excitement crossed the beast’s eyes, his pupils enlarging.
Here we go, Kane thought, summoning strength as he gripped his sword tighter.
With one mighty pounce, the sphinx launched its thousand pound body at Kane. The demon leaned far to the right, narrowly missing being raked across the face with an enormous paw. Kane cast a fleeting look to Fate sitting high upon a ruinous shard. As she fended off two sphinxes, he suddenly found himself concerned about the outcome. Before now, the death of a shade would be rejoiced. But now, he wasn’t sure he’d feel that way. 
The sphinx sprung, his jaw snapping shut near Kane’s leg, but he evaded by lunging hard to the left.
Pay attention, Kane! 
Furious, the large cat spun around, eyes burning like embers. Saliva dangled from its canines, dotting the ground with damp circles. Ears folded back, the feral creature sprang forth. Kane’s heart raced as the world moved in slow motion. He raised his blade to greet the soft underbelly of the beast, but was ambushed by another sphinx batting him across the torso. His sword clattered as it hit the ground. The first sphinx landed atop Kane with a thud, knocking the wind out of him. His lungs begging for air, he felt around for his sword and came up empty-handed. Flat on his back and helpless, the demon looked up to see the sphinx’s mouth open—targeting his head.

Kane!
From her roost atop the crystal tree, she watched as two sphinxes focused on Kane. A single sphinx clawed the icy bark of the shard Fate sat on, waiting for her to come down.
I have to help him.
She stood, balancing on the sleek crystal stalk, then slid down the shaft. As she picked up speed, she positioned her hands ahead of her, aiming for the creature’s face. Ready for her, the sphinx roared, flashing his teeth and opening his mouth wide. His eyes narrowed with a dark intellect as she moved closer. Within a few feet of his gaping maw, Fate pushed off the crystal and thrust herself into the space above. She flipped mid-air, landing like an agile feline behind him. Rapidly driving her claws into his back, she stabbed him over and over until he fell.
As she turned to help Kane, however, she was again overcome with fatigue. Fate staggered and fell to her knees. She could not even muster the strength to crawl to him. 
What’s wrong with me?
She rested her porcelain cheek upon the cool, quartz ground. Drained, she glimpsed the dying sphinx only a few feet away—and suddenly knew what she needed.
Fate forced her lethargic body forward, digging her nails into the quartz and dragging herself slowly toward the ailing beast.
Almost there…
With every fragile exhale, the sphinx’s slow, hot breath blew her white hair back. He lay on his side, his faded red eyes watching with weakened interest as she slid a pale hand over his chest. While running her fingers through the tawny fur, an impulse overwhelmed her. She’d never done this before, but somehow, she knew what to do. She placed her hand over his heart, and fought to stay conscious, whispering, “Animus.” 
The sphinx whimpered, and shortly thereafter—screamed. Beneath his russet coat, his chest cavity throbbed. It heaved harder and faster as if his imprisoned heart was pounding to be freed from its skeletal cage. With the beast’s final breath, the skin split open. Flesh and bone parted to form a bloody fissure. Amidst the gore, a glow glistened, small at first and then grew in radiance. An illuminated orb emerged, pulsating with iridescent white and blue flames, then glided into Fate’s waiting hands. She brought the creation close to her face, shut her eyes and inhaled. As it entered through her nose and mouth, sapphire wisps slid down her throat and nourished her body.
Her eyes, transformed onyx by the hunger, softened back to glowing white. Recharged, her body felt sleek and powerful.
She stood, her eyes lowering to the beast in which she’d just consumed. Disgust writhed within.
What have I become?

Kane fought against the crushing weight, struggling with every last ounce of strength to keep the beast from wrapping its lips around his head and squashing it like a berry. 
Deme! Where the hell are you?!
For one terrible moment, Kane considered that the sphinxes may have already crossed paths with his tracker and killed her. He could not entertain any amount of sorrow for long. With strands of drool wetting his face, he could do nothing but watch as the sphinx lowered his head to take a bite.
The demon shut his eyes and prepared to go down like a warrior—brave and honorable.
It was in that last moment, when Kane felt his heart rise into his throat, that the beast let out an agonizing howl and jumped off. Kane frowned as he watched the beast thrash violently. Finally, he smiled when he recognized his rescuer. He searched for his sword so he could lend a hand.
Kane fought back laughter as he watched little Ick poke the sphinx in the eyes. The tiny white gargoyle shrieked, clinging with all his might to the sphinx’s face while the beast bucked and rammed its head into the crystal tree trunks.
“I’m here, Ick,” Kane called to him and raised his sword, thrusting it forward, piercing the suffering sphinx between the shoulder blades. Ick jumped down, scampered away and hid quivering in a broken geode. The blind and wounded beast staggered through the trees, wailing as it retreated into the darkness. The last sphinx followed suit, apparently unwilling to tangle with the duo. 
Kane smiled, basking in the glory of victory. He scanned the area for Fate, hoping she was unhurt. While he breathed a deep sigh of relief when he finally spotted her, his brow immediately furrowed.
Knelt before the pond, weeping as she gazed at her reflection, she uttered, “I used to be human, but now…I’m a monster.”

Damned

Kane surveyed the carnage Fate had left in her wake. He was shocked she’d been able to perform so efficiently. 
I shouldn’t be surprised. He shrugged. She’s born to kill.
The now soulless body of the sphinx lay motionless on its side with a gaping hole in its chest. 
It will be transforming soon.
The metamorphosis of a living, breathing creature to that of the undead had always saddened him. Once a shade consumed a soul, the victim was forever damned to wander Dark World as a shadow. Trapped in a dimension of non-existence, they couldn’t be released from their misery until the shade that had stolen their soul was found—and killed. Only then could the ghostly prisoner be reunited with its soul and liberated from limbo.
Only then can Seren be free. Kane’s eyes darkened. If only I knew the one who killed her.
His thoughts drifted once again to his last days with Seren. Only a short time before she was murdered by shades, they were holding one another and dreaming of the future. He swore he’d never forget the look in her eyes when he told her what he’d found hidden beneath Dark World. 

“Are you going to tell me what the big secret is?” Seren’s amber eyes overflowed with playful impatience as she wrapped her arms around Kane’s waist. “What have you been up to for the last few days?”
Even though a freshly killed hellhound carcass hung on a hook outside the habitat, she somehow knew he’d had another agenda during this excursion. While they’d spent many hunting trips secretly searching for it—they’d finally found it.
With a mischievous grin on his face, Kane replied, “Hmm, I’m not sure I should tell you. I may need some—persuasion.”
“Persuasion, huh?” she said, adding a hint of seduction to her voice and kissing his chest.
He fought the groan building in his throat. With their newborn daughter napping in the next room, he silenced himself.
Seren giggled. “Tell me then.”
Kane looked down at his wife, love warming his heart. He adored the way her black bangs feathered above her ocher eyes and how she always had a smile upon her face—especially since she’d given birth to Ever. Gently wiping away an ebony lock of hair that had trespassed across the slope of her jaw, he ran his fingers down her neck and over her shoulder. She visibly shivered at his touch and tilted her head to the side, resting her cheek upon his arm.
 “Tell me,” Seren whispered.
 “We found it, Seren!” Kane said excitedly. “We found the lost city!”
Disbelief crossed her eyes, quickly replaced by joy. “Are you sure?”
“It’s big enough for everyone.” He paced the tiny room, then turned to her and added with a hushed voice, “We’ll be free from the shades. From Malus.” 
Seren visibly winced at the mention of the fiends that had enslaved them. The clandestine demon rebellions, known as Legion, had gone to unfathomable lengths to conceal Seren’s pregnancy, which included faking both Kane’s and Seren’s deaths. 
She glanced toward the room that held their new infant daughter. Tears welled in her eyes, her voice thick with emotion. “She’ll be safe. Malus will never know of her existence.”
Kane’s expression turned serious. “She will be safe,” he reaffirmed. “Ever will not be possessed by that monster, I promise you.”
His wife’s eyes brightened. “When do we move?”
He held his head high, pulled her into his arms and said, “Soon. A month, maybe two. Then, we’ll be free.”

After waiting hours for Deme to return from her hunt, Kane realized he and Fate were going to have to continue without her. The two sphinxes may have left defeated, but Kane feared the beasts may have gone to recruit reinforcements and return to finish what they had started. While he and Fate made their way out of the forest, Kane kept a vigilant eye out for his potentially wounded, or dead, tracker. 
Fate had fallen silent after the battle, seemingly locked within her thoughts. Even tiny Ick could not break the spell of sadness lurking behind her eyes. Kane noticed she’d voluntarily placed the mask back on her face. While it would certainly diminish the intoxicating scents that likely bombarded her, he couldn’t help but wonder if she was simply attempting to hide behind it.
Awkwardness owned the air between them as they walked side by side amongst the glassy shards of the Crystalline Forest. Thankfully, Ick broke the tension when he began leaping back and forth from Kane’s shoulder to Fate’s. Like an agile monkey, he bounced between them, repeating his name each time he landed, “Ick…Ick…Ick.”
Eyes lighting up for the first time since the encounter with the sphinxes, Fate met Kane’s concerned gaze. 
“Are you alright?” he asked, his brow creasing.
She shook her head and quietly asked, “What happened to me? Why am I here?”
Sighing, Kane responded with another question, “What do you remember about the Surface?”
Frowning, she replied, “The Surface?”
“When you were human.”
Staring out at the quartz wilderness, she searched her memories. 
“I remember almost everything—except who I am.” Her eyes lowered. “Who I was.”
Kane tried his best to explain. “This is Dark World,” he began, sweeping his arm over the landscape. “The humans call it by many names. The Underworld, Tartarus, Gehenna…Hell.”
She visibly shuddered with the last reference. “How did I get here?” 
“You were sent here.”
“Sent?”
He weighed his words carefully, then replied, “Damned.”
Hurt and fear crossed her eyes as she hugged her torso. “I don’t understand.”
His large black chest rose and fell, contemplating how much he should divulge. If he were to say too much, he could inadvertently awaken her primal urges again, driving her into the arms of the enemy.
“Many centuries ago, a great demon king reigned over this land,” Kane started. “We were a strong and powerful people. Magic ran thick through our veins.”
He paused as they came to the edge of the forest and pointed to a dark monolith in the distance. “The Crystal Pyramid, the source of our power…well, was the source, until it was disabled by…”
Obviously intrigued, Fate turned to meet his gaze. “Disabled by whom?”
“The king.” Kane tried to keep his voice steady, the scars of his father’s actions still stinging.
With a perplexed look, she asked, “Why would he disable the source of your power?”
“I…don’t know,” he lied, regretting he’d started the conversation. He wanted to tell her everything. Tell her about his mother. The scrolls. Something about her made him trust her, but he knew there was an inherent evil burrowed within her, an evil that hadn’t awakened yet. Despite her willingness to heal and protect him, her gentleness with Ick, and her resistance to act on her predatory instincts, she was still created for destruction.  She was still a servant of Malus. If he told her too much—if he spoke the name of her master—would her dark nature rise to the surface?
All she needed was a shred of her former self to resist the darkness—just a sliver of her soul left within. But was it still there?

Vague memories flashed through her mind with his words, it all sounded so familiar, yet she felt as if she were trying to capture a butterfly by its wings. What had happened to her? Who damned her to this place? The girl in her dream, the one with brown hair, she was the key. 
Fate wanted to ask more questions, but saw a glint of anguish behind the demon’s blazing blue eyes. She decided not to press it—for now. Besides, there were far more important matters to attend to as she recognized a familiar figure lying motionless on the ground ahead of them.
“Deme!” Kane shouted, bolting across the parched, red landscape.
Face down with a stream of blood trickling from between her lips, Deme moaned in response to Kane’s call. He knelt down as he reached her and tried to determine how badly she was wounded. An angry laceration wept blood from her right shoulder and a wound gaped on her waist.
“Deme, what happened?” he asked, examining her body from head to toe. “Sphinxes?”
She nodded and mumbled incoherently, trying to push herself up, managing to bend her elbows an inch or so before losing consciousness and flopping onto the dirt. 
Kane exhaled, then turned and eyed the shade intently. “Can you heal her…like you healed me?”
“I…don’t know,” Fate began. “I’m not even sure how I did it the first time, but I can try.”
She folded her legs beneath her and sat near Deme’s torso. Fate laid her hands upon the she-demon’s hot back, careful not to bump her shackled wings. She closed her eyes and concentrated, trying to conjure the same feelings she’d felt when she mended Kane. While a warm sensation stirred within, she couldn’t replicate the process. The wounds ceased to bleed, but she wasn’t able seal them.
“I’m sorry,” Fate said, taking her hands away from Deme’s back and staring at her palms like they were broken. “That’s all I can do.”
Kane nodded. “Thank you for trying. Let’s get moving, we have to get her to the city as soon as possible, the shaman can help her.”
He grunted as he lifted the female warrior and slung her gently over his shoulder. “Come, we can make it to the demon city in a day or two.”
Demon city?
She swallowed hard and glanced at Kane, recalling their first meeting.
 We’re going to a city filled with demons that hate shades. Great. 

Cryptica

Deme weighed heavily on his shoulder, but not any more than the game he usually acquired on hunting excursions. He set her lifeless body down every hour or so to stretch and switch shoulders. To Kane’s relief, she would groan occasionally, reminding him she was alive. 
While they trekked ever closer to the demon city, he had to admit it was a bit strange strolling along the dark shores of the Nephthys River with a shade. The black, oozing tar of the river gurgled and burped as it meandered through the desert terrain. 
As Fate’s hands swung by her side, he again wondered if he should have set her free. Sure, she’d helped him fight the sphinxes and she’d shown considerable restraint with Deme, Ick and him—but what if she got hungry again? And she would. It was inevitable.
He observed her long silver hair as it cascaded over her shoulders, her slender physique and female curves hidden beneath Deme’s pitch cloak. Light on her feet and sleek with her walk, he marveled at her natural elegance. She was as graceful as a cat traversing thin ice. Was she simply created to be so statuesque or did she possess some inhuman charm he didn’t comprehend?
I wonder what she was like as a human?
The thought startled him. He’d never considered shades anything but monsters. Abominations of a dark magic gone terribly wrong. They hadn’t existed until they sold their souls to Malus. The day they all transformed, exchanging their humanity for an evil immortality, was a day Kane would never forget. The apocalypse. The last day of demon freedom. The day he and his father had flown from the mines. One of the last times he’d seen the loyal illumination of the Crystal Pyramid. 
The screaming. So much panic.
Kane closed his eyes, trying to block the memory of the culling. His family, his friends—everyone. The demons hadn’t known death until then, their immortal bodies loyal, steadfast. 
The humans morphed into the creatures of darkness in the blink of an eye, souls ripped from their chests. Thousands of glimmering blue spheres raced through the sky, summoned by the new Devil, Malus. 
Then the terror began. 
Thousands of newborn shades, slaughtering demons young and old, keeping only enough for slaves. Kane was but a child. Wings shackled and tossed into the mines, his mother denied his existence.
Now, before him—a shade. Mere feet from him, the offspring of those who’d destroyed his world. 
He watched her tickle Ick under his chin and feed him a strip of meat she’d torn from the sphinx’s hide. How had he never noticed the human behind the monster before? The shades that had executed his family, friends and comrades had worn sick smiles of pleasure while they’d slain his loved ones. 
Why is she so different?
As if sensing his eyes upon her, she glanced in his direction. Though he looked away quickly, he was certain he blushed. He continued walking with apprehension burdening his thoughts. Could he really be so wrong about the dark race? At present, she didn’t resemble a killer. She’d spent most of the journey with her eyes wide and head moving from left to right, then up and down. Like a child, she was enchanted by the new world around her, absorbing her surroundings like a sponge. She bombarded Kane with questions, most of which he responded to with a simple yes, no, or I don’t know. 
He was just so unsure. How could he befriend the enemy? 
We need her.
His father’s voice of reason echoed from within. The demons needed her—badly. With Malus out to obtain all six hidden pages of  Devil’s Bible, Kane knew he had to find them first. Only, he couldn’t touch them, nor could any other demon or original race within Dark World. Only a shade could lay their hands upon the scrolls. 
It was an oversight on his father’s part. The day he died, he enchanted the scrolls, cursing them so even if Malus found them, she couldn’t touch them. If she did, she’d age one thousand years in the blink of an eye. King Lucifer then spread the six pages of his Bible over Dark World, five among the races and one, to a secret location. Every region was assigned a protector for the scroll—a guardian.
The problem was, the curse worked for everyone—except shades. For whatever reason, whether it was spoken incorrectly or damnations of that nature didn’t apply to soulless beings, shades were immune to the hex. 
Kane was the guardian of the first page—and he’d failed to protect it.
If only I’d been there. It’s all my fault.
It dawned on him that all the races were now in danger. True, one shade was able to break in and steal the demons’ scroll, but to what lengths would Malus go to retrieve the rest? His eyes focused again on the shade in his midst. 
Maybe Malus would be willing to bargain—since I have something she wants.
But could he use this girl? This gentle soul forced to be a killer? He watched her as she visually embraced every element in sight. From the enormous pterodactyl bats that swooped overhead, to the inky, bobbing heads of the tar eels as they coasted with the current of the Nephthys River.
Upon arriving at a field of giant flowering fungi, Kane heard the shade gasp. Perched atop the mushroom caps, petals of deep orange and turquoise unfolded before her, releasing hundreds of bioluminescent orbs the size of Kane’s head. Fluffy and white, like tufts of feathers balled together, they drifted along the arid breeze to seed elsewhere. Balanced on Fate’s shoulder, Ick playfully batted the airborne spores.
Geysers fired in the distance, their steaming mineral waters shooting hundreds of feet in the air.
Deme groaned, her wounds glaring angrily.
“We need to find help,” Kane said sternly.
“Why?” Fate queried, swishing a hand at the puff balls of light and watching them bounce away on a gentle wind.
“Deme requires medicine…soon,” 
Kane’s gaze swept over the landscape. Ahead, lingering in the shadows, was the wraith village, Cryptica. 
A flicker of anxiety cast over him. wraiths weren’t particularly fond of outsiders—especially shades.

Shrouded in writhing black mist, the exterior of the wraith village resembled a turbulent storm cloud. With no apparent doorway, Kane marched up to the twenty foot high cyclone wall and hollered, “Hello! It is Kane, son of Lucifer! May we enter?”
He set Deme down onto her wobbly legs, keeping her steady with her left arm draped across his broad shoulders, her ruby skin alarmingly pale. 
Fate stood a few feet back with Ick, uncertain as to how she’d be welcomed. So far, shades didn’t seem to be a favorite among the locals of Dark World. Granted, she’d only met two of them so far, but from the way they’d reacted when they first met her and the things they’d said along the trip, she knew her kind were very hated indeed.
My kind—what is my kind?
She hadn’t really paused to think about what exactly she was. Kane and Deme had called her a shade. But what did that mean exactly? Was she a vampire of some kind? She did crave the essence of other creatures, but it wasn’t blood, so vampire didn’t quite fit. A zombie, maybe? Her appearance would suggest some kind of fiendish transition had occurred within, but she didn’t desire brains or anything weird like that so she dismissed that one as well. 
I just don’t know what I am. Lowering her eyes to the ground, she wondered if she’d ever really understand what she’d become—or if it could be reversed.
“Something’s happening,” Kane commented.
She moved closer and watched the dark funnel surrounding the wraith village part like the Red Sea. As though a set of misty drapes had been pushed aside, a passageway formed amidst the storm. Kane ducked his head as he went through the tunnel with Deme hobbling beside him. After a hesitant exhale, Fate followed.
Tempestuous winds swirled on either side of the trio. Fate swore she heard moaning and wailing emanating from within the gale. The hurricane seemed to breathe around her, threatening to collapse at any moment. 
Ahead of her, Deme and Kane moved at a snail’s pace. Dim light radiated ahead. They were almost there. Almost free from the whirling storm of shadows. As they stepped out of the tunnel, the gap in which they’d just walked through sealed itself, closing off any exit.
The perfect trap, she thought with a shudder.
Like a tornado, the center was calm while the walls of dark fog twisted relentlessly. Several beings stood before them, hovering a foot or so above the ground. The creatures, who she assumed were the wraiths, seemed to wisp in and out of existence. Their hands and feet manifested briefly, then would disappear into a tendril of smoke. 
Vaguely transparent and dressed in long, hooded cloaks, they hung silently in the air, their form dematerializing and then reappearing like magic, sometimes a few feet from where they’d originated.
The only things that didn’t waver out of existence were their cold, amber glares—and they were focused solely on her.

Kane could feel the tension in the air as if it had its own consciousness. Hatred wove its way past the two demons and landed directly on the shade.
“Friends, I assure you, the shade is harmless,” he said, attempting to diffuse the growing pressure.
One wraith, the tallest, moved forward, his eyes locked on Fate. “No shade is harmlessss…” he hissed, his hollow voice hovering above a whisper. “Why have you brought her to Cryptica?”
“Please, my…friend, she needs help,” Kane tilted his head towards Deme, who had fallen unconscious once more and lay slumped against his torso. 
“Because you are Lucifer’s son, we will assist you.” The wraith pointed a vaporous finger at him. “But you must leave immediately after.”
“Of course,” Kane stammered, “I apologize for the burden.”
Two of the wraiths moved forward and gently took Deme from Kane’s grasp. With their unseen hands, they carried her into a tower made entirely of polished obsidian slabs. 
Kane approached the tallest of the wraiths and asked, “Which of you is the guardian of your scroll? It is urgent that I speak with them.”
He hesitated a moment, uncertain.
“Thisss way, but the shade stays here,” the wraith rasped, shifting his path to the left and gliding towards an dwelling across the village. 
Kane gave a fleeting glance to Fate. Her expression read volumes. With her arms wrapped around herself in a hug and eyes fastened on the ground, he worried about leaving her. But he’d seen her in action, she wasn’t frail by a long shot—she was lethal. He hoped she’d be able to stay out of trouble for a few moments. So far, she’d been a fairly agreeable companion, all things considering. 
The wraith led him to a secluded edge of the village, paused in front of a hollowed out spherical shell made of rose quartz. As he ducked into the crystal shack, an overwhelming odor pervaded his nostrils.
Black incense? 
There was only one being in the entire realm that burned the ancient bouquet of the undead.

Enigma

Perched upon her shoulder like some otherworldly parrot, Ick suddenly lifted up Fate’s long, white hair and stuffed his head between her locks and the nape of her neck. 
“What are you doing?” she asked of the gargoyle, trying to pry him from his hiding spot.
After pulling him out, cursing as he scratched her arm in protest, she took a quick look around and realized what he was afraid of. The five remaining wraiths were moving towards her, encircling her, their arms outstretched like ravenous zombies. 
“What…are you doing?” she repeated, only now it was directed at the phantom creatures surrounding her. Their blazing orange eyes were locked on her, seething with an ancient hate. 
Oh no…Kane, where are you?
She didn’t want to fight. She didn’t want to kill. But the rising inferno swelling within her core was taking on a life of its own. The pulsating sensation was overwhelming. Like a spinning top, the dizzying power amplified with every beat. Ick jumped down, seeming to sense the imminent danger. He scurried to a far corner and shivered, shielding his eyes as Fate’s sight flooded black.

Cloaked from head to toe in mud-colored rags, the petite Oracle sat hunched before her collection of crystal ornaments. Carved into twelve unique runes, the stones spoke to her—and only her. Each with a song all their own, the mystical rocks vibrated and glowed as they answered the seer’s queries of the future.
As he made his way to the seat across from her, Kane’s horns bumped into the various gem mobiles dangling from ceiling. They clicked and clattered in protest, undulating long after he’d gone by.
Quietly seating himself, he awaited acknowledgment of his presence.
Engrossed in some sort of trance, her head hung, he wondered if he should return later. He turned to leave but was startled when suddenly she spoke, her voice gravelly and ancient. 
“What do you desire, son of Lucifer?”
“I am searching for the pages of the  Devil’s—my father’s—Bible. Are you not the guardian of the scroll?” he queried, wondering why the wraith sentinel had brought him to the Oracle when he’d asked for the scroll’s guardian.
“No, the wraith guardian is no longer with us,” she responded cryptically. “Why would you seek the pages when they will only bring conflict if brought together” 
He bowed his head, paying reverence to the fallen wraith guardian, then answered, “We believe Malus has stolen our scroll…and the banshees’ as well. I seek to protect them. I have to stop her from gaining access to the Surface.”
The elderly crone nodded. “Yes, your mother must be stopped.”
Kane cringed. He despised his renowned affiliation to the nastiest Devil in Dark World history. Seeming to sense his unease, the Oracle moved on.     
“The wraiths cannot help you,” she stated, a wisp of silver smoke drifting across her face from a nearby candle. 
“Why?” Kane frowned.
A raspy sigh escaped her. “Their scroll has also been taken.”
His heart and soul fell at once, making him feel woozy with dread.
Malus has three of them now? 
“No,” she responded to his thoughts and he shuddered. “Not Malus. There is another.”
“Another! What do you mean?” Kane leapt to his hooves, nearly smashing his head into the ceiling. “Someone else seeks the scrolls? Who?”
Unmoving, she admitted, “I know not. But…” she whispered, continuing with an eerie breath, “you must travel south. To Necrosia. The answers you seek are there.”
Necrosia. He shuddered. 
Kane exhaled sharply and examined the old soothsayer a moment, tempted to believe she was lying.
Would she deceive me? 
For this, her head snapped up and she shook her head no. The hooded cloak betrayed her but for an instant. Kane practically trembled when he glimpsed her face—or lack thereof. A void. A nothingness. Just an empty space where the windows to the soul were to reside. 
A relative newcomer to Dark World, no one knew where she’d come from. She’d simply shown up over a century ago, her powers of prophecy unrivaled. Although she was revered throughout the land, Kane wondered what this haggard old soul was doing within the wraith dwelling. Wraiths didn’t mingle with other races and while he didn’t know from which race the prophetess stemmed, he was certain she was not a wraith. She was solid whereas wraiths were nearly translucent beings, ghostly and vaporous. Banshees were solid, but Amazonian in stature, and being a sexually provocative group, always naked.
And she was obviously no demon. 
Reapers, the most dangerous race, dwelt deep within the Nether Caves. Always cowled, Kane had to admit he’d never actually seen a reaper uncloaked. He swallowed hard with the notion that the Oracle could be such a creature. Hidden beneath her dark hood could rest the face of a thousand horrors. 
She could very well be a necromancer. Maybe that’s how she knows I should go there.
He nodded in silent decision. Though no one he knew, other than his late father, had ever laid eyes upon them, it made sense that she might be from the mystical tribe that lived far in the East, beyond the great wall dividing Dark World in half. Many myths swirled around the reclusive magic weavers: the ability to leave their bodies, possess animals, control the elements, and raise the dead. All bedtime stories his father would amuse him with, but based on cryptic truths. For now, he would entertain the notion that the ancient seer was a necromancer, although Kane wasn’t positive he enjoyed the idea he was in the presence of the mysterious race.
Her hunched spine stiffened and her gaze fell upon the doorway. She seemed to sense something.
“Foolish demon,” she said, her voice taut with annoyance. “Why have you brought her here?”
“Her?” His thoughts moved to Deme being treated by the village shamans. 
“The shade!” she spat, brimming with anger.
“I apologize,” Kane stammered. “I found her…in the Crimson Desert…born alone.”
She paused momentarily, seemingly interested.
“Shades are not to be trusted,” she stated coldly.
He nodded, careful not to upset the old woman further. “Speaking of the shade.” He swallowed. “Is there any way to…cure her? Tame her?” An uninvited hope crept into his chest. Why did he care so much? He only wanted Fate tame to help him acquire the scrolls. Didn’t he?
He shook off the sensation, focusing on the task at hand. 
The old psychic paused, the eerie silence sending icy fingers walking up Kane’s spine. “Yes,” she finally uttered, “but it is a near impossible feat.”
He frowned, a tightness forming in the pit of his stomach. “What is it?” 
“You must find her soul and return it to her,” she stated in her raspy voice.
“Find her soul?” He had to admit he hadn’t considered that. He knew that damned souls descended into Dark World, but he had no idea where they wound up. Only that Malus owned them once they arrived and he was certain she wouldn’t be eager to part with even one. Especially Fate’s.
“Why you would want to help a shade is beyond me,” she said gruffly, then mumbled, “…can’t be trusted.” 
He nodded, unable to argue. He was still struggling with his own decision to allow her to live. Something inside him, an instinct, told him Fate wasn’t entirely evil even though she was spawn from it. Besides, if he was going to seek out the pages of the  Devil’s Bible on his own, he was going to need someone who could touch them since he could not.
The Oracle suddenly shifted her attention to the stones before her. “The runes wish to speak to you.” She gathered the stones into her hands, shook them once and then tossed the lot onto a marble table before her. They clattered and clacked as they rolled and skid to a stop in various positions.
 “What do they say?” His eyes darted from stone to stone trying to decipher some secret code they might present. Anticipation crept over him like a spider ensnaring its next casualty.
The old fortune-teller held her gloved hands over the runes, summoning answers from the cryptic arrangement. After a few moments, she pulled her arms back and tucked her hands into her sleeves. 
She sighed once as though contemplating whether she should respond. Eventually, she spoke, her voice low and saddened, “The runes do not show good things for you, I’m afraid. You will know more sadness…more loss.”
His heart picked up pace, anxiety setting in. “Who? Who will I lose?” 
If she had eyes hidden behind that cloak, they were boring into his soul. 
“Everyone you love.”

A whirlwind of dark power surged around her, pulsating and writhing. The energy owned her, soothed her, bent her to its will. Lust beat down the doors where her soul once resided and demanded to be fed. Fate eyed a wraith before her, his fear palpable, and dropped her gaze to his chest. 
I don’t want to do this! Stop!
The need. The hunger. The desire to devour was winning. She brought her hand to her face and removed her mask, growling as the ache resonated within. 
I can’t, her conscience pleaded. I can’t kill. I don’t want to kill!
The moment before she lunged, she curled her hands into fists and fell to the ground, releasing an anguished scream as she fought her body’s compulsions. 
“What’s going on?” Kane’s deep voice boomed. 
“Get her out of here!” the wraiths’ united voices hissed like a hundred snakes. Suddenly they were rushing towards her, their translucent bodies bending with the wind. Fate felt her body being lifted into the air by unseen hands—and hurled into the tornado barrier.

Reckoning

His jaw hung open, staring in distress at the wild, writhing barricade before him. The wraiths hadn’t sent her over the obstruction, but straight into its thrashing clutches. Trapped in stasis, she hung suspended in a pool of grey and black waters. Fate was now a prisoner of the sentient tempest. The storm phantoms howled in delight, grasping her with their shadowy fingers and pulling her in several directions, playfully fighting over her. Kane watched as Fate was tossed about like a lifeless corpse. 
“Please,” Kane called out, desperation tarnishing his powerful voice. “Let her go!”
In his peripheral, he saw Deme emerge from the healing hut, a look of concern shrouding her eyes. While he was thankful she appeared to be better, he couldn’t help but notice a smugness rise behind her expression when she pieced together the scene before her.
Calm down, Kane, he thought, turning his attention back to Fate. She’ll be okay. 
A pair of tiny hands wrapped themselves around his ankles. Looking down, Kane saw little Ick hugging him above his right hoof, terror blemishing his polished green eyes. Deme, having limped slowly to his side, crossed her arms over her chest. 
“So,” she started with an icy tone, “the shade finally got what she deserved.”
Kane winced. He hadn’t known Deme to be so merciless, but then his opinion on shades hadn’t been much different—until recently.

Twisted into unnatural shapes, Fate was all but ripped limb from limb. Her screams unheard as the multitude of hands assaulted her body. And not just her body, but her mind as well. A deep sorrow burrowed through her core, gnawing at the emptiness within. These phantom beings had the power to invade her thoughts, her fears and deepest sadness. 
I just want to go home, she thought, a diamond teardrop escaped her colorless eyes and shimmered down her cheek. 
Confusion consumed her. Where was home? Was it that beautiful place above with the sky of Caribbean blue? That place where she recalled warm, human arms wrapping around her? Or was it the home belonging to the voice? The velvety female voice that lovingly begged and pleaded with her every moment since her arrival in the dark world—was that the road home?
The encasing winds morphed from black to murky shades of grey. Maniacal laughter rebounded on all sides, merging into whispers, then back to sinister giggles. It was a Hell within a Hell. She teetered on madness, trapped within the steely arms of gloom. 

“Let her go,” Kane beseeched the leader of the wraiths, his eerie, angular face leering from within the cowl. “Please, we’ll leave immediately.”
Vaporous and exuding an aura of unkindness, his semi-transparent body hovering several feet above the ground, the cloaked creature simply laughed. Kane’s blood simmered and he instinctively reached for his sword, the onyx blade singing a metallic tune as it slid free from its covering. 
“I said let her go!” he snarled, the bridge of his nose creased, intersecting with the fury of his lowered brow.
The ghostly menace laughed harder, his amber eyes aglow with malicious amusement. Kane gripped his sword with both hands and unleashed his rage, swinging at the wraith. The blade sliced through the torso of the apparition, leaving only a ripple of disturbance like a pebble skipping over murky waters. Kane staggered, then regained his balance and took another swing. He knew how to kill the wraith and what he was doing was futile, yet his fury prevented logic. 
While the wraith found the demon’s actions amusing, he’d apparently deemed the attack irritating enough to counter. Ancient words spilled from his lips, stirring a dust Devil of sand and wind around him. Crackles of electricity sparked and a heavy droning filled the air whilst a supernatural energy built. The wraith raised his arms, pulling the elements closer, summoning them. A white sphere of illumination danced from one palm to another, growing and intensifying.
Kane held his ground, drawing from the depths of his own weakened magic. He ignited his entire body into an inferno of blue flames, to both protect and return fire.
I only have one shot at this, he worried. Without the light of the Crystal Pyramid or ample supply of bloodstone, his powers could last but a few moments.
The wraith sneered, readying to discharge his elemental weapon. Angry sparks flew from his hands, reaching for Kane’s chest. Kane’s blazing aura reacted by forming an impenetrable shield, rebounding the streams of lightning and sending them firing about the village. A bonfire of cerulean flame then burst forth from Kane’s body and roared towards the wraith, striking him in the shoulder. The wraith shrieked in anger and pain, recoiling from the blast.
Weakness suddenly smothered Kane. He fought to stay standing as his once loyal fire faded to embers. He looked to Fate, writhing in the arms of agony and silently cursed his father for disabling the pyramid. Without its powers to nourish him, he was useless to her.
The wraith recovered, powering up for the next shot—as did five other wraiths now encircling the defenseless demon.
“Kane!” Deme screamed. “Run!”
This is it. Kane bowed his head. Maybe if I’m lucky, I can find Seren wandering the afterlife—and join her.

“Daughter,” the voice pleaded with her, “come home to me…come home.”
Flashes of the Surface mingled with the fathoms of Dark World. A collision of worlds, infused with bitterness and rage, sadness and regret. What was real? Was she still alive and all of this but a bad dream? Or was this Hell and she was truly dead?
“There is no death, only transition,” a familiar voice whispered, the blade of a serrated dagger glinted by the light of a full moon. 
Chanting. 
Pain. 
Then, sinking.
Fate sobbed, her throat aching with unleashed emotions as she fought against the evil masses molesting her undead body. There was no escape—no one to save her. Or was there? The demon. The dark one called Kane. He had shown pity on her, had he not? By removing her mask and protecting her from the sphinxes, didn’t he show he cared?
As though her revelations cleared the airs around her, the storm calmed and clarity parted the dark clouds like a veil. She peered through the makeshift window and saw Kane fighting one of the wraiths. Black magic tore through the village, first aimed at Kane, then the wraith. 
The malevolent hands relaxed their grip and she moved closer to the scene. Her hands pressed against what felt like a solid pane of glass, she watched as the demon fought with heroic valor, then fell to his knees, left to the mercy of the phantoms. Wielding the elements within the palms of their ghostly hands, she watched helplessly as the large demon faced his death.
“Kane,” she whispered, her breath caught in her throat.

So much of the fight had left him. Sorrow was the only emotion he’d owned for so long. With the loss of his wife, his father—and even his mother—he didn’t know if he held the desire to continue. 
Ever. Kane flinched. She’ll be without a father unless I keep fighting.
Knelt before the encirclement of shrouded beings, he considered his options. He could simply cower before them, accept his unfortunate destiny and hope to move on to the next world—or he could fight. 
He chose the latter. 
A surge of power rippled through him. Not knowing where this newfound energy had manifested as he was out of bloodstone and the pyramid still lay dormant, he embraced it. Kane stood, driving his sword into the earth. A network of red sparks frayed from the handle, each probing the ground with purpose, searching for its prey. 
The wraiths paused, glancing at one another with uncertainty. Even Kane watched with awe as the energy took on a life of its own. Kane’s blue eyes suddenly swirled with streaks of scarlet and his aura swam with mists of ebony. 
“Ego sum legio!” his Baritone voice boomed, sending a cascade of crimson lightning at the quartet of wraiths surrounding him. Penetrating each of the phantoms in the chest, they were propelled backwards and encased within cages of red electricity.
Fate was immediately thrust from the clutches of the living tornado, landing at Kane’s feet with a heavy thud. Conscious, but obviously shaken, he helped her to standing. The urge to embrace her, to console her, was overwhelming—and it frightened him.
In the midst of her liberation, an arched pathway emerged from within the tempest. 
“Leave,” the entire community of wraiths hissed, pointing to the exit, “but know this, son of Lucifer…this isn’t finished.”

The Demon City


“What happened back there?” Deme asked, hobbling alongside Kane as they continued their journey to the demon city. “I’ve never seen that kind of magic.”
Honestly, he didn’t know. For the last hour, he’d been replaying the instance over and over in his mind, trying to decipher just how he’d accomplished that feat. Without the obvious sources of magic to infuse him, he couldn’t fathom where this new power had come from.
“I don’t know,” he responded sincerely. “It just…happened.” 
“Well, it certainly worked.” She shrugged.
Although he nodded in agreement, a cloud of unease drifted over him. He’d made a new enemy today and being the son of the king, he’d infected his people with the possibility of a plague that could last generations to come. Even though they were not great in numbers, the wraiths were not a foe to take lightly. 
Fate plodded ever silently behind them. He’d glanced back several times along the way, noting her slumped shoulders and lowered chin. He yearned to speak with her, to question her about her worries, but with Deme there and already suspicious of his mixed feelings for the shade, he resisted.
“There they are,” Deme whispered suddenly, reverence coloring her voice.
He looked up, breathing a sigh of relief and feeling his shoulders relax for the first time in days as he recognized the telltale landmarks of home. Two large obsidian rocks stood stoic against the barren landscape, monoliths designed to guide demons to a secret sanctuary.
With Deme limping by his side, he led Fate toward the hidden kingdom, wondering if it was a wise decision. The city had been kept secret from the shades for almost a century. Certainly, a shade had somehow discovered the demons’ lair, invaded it, and stolen the scroll, but Kane was intentionally inviting one in. 
The elders are not going to be pleased.
With a furrowed brow he looked back, Fate cuddled Ick in her arms like a baby. His stomach twisted into a knot. Would his people be able to see beyond what she was? 
Kane had seen the good in her. He hoped they could too.

Ick nuzzled the slope of Fate’s jaw and gave her an encouraging lick, but nothing erased the emotions threatening to consume her already fractured soul. Confusion and misery pulled her in opposing directions like a tug of war. Where did she belong? Being imprisoned within the sentient storm barricading the wraith city, she was forced to face her greatest fears and sorrows—and didn’t know what to do with them.
If only she could remember what happened. How she got here. Kane mentioned she’d been damned to this place, but by whom? And why would they do such a thing? 
Drawn from her thoughts by Kane’s gentle voice, an entirely new fear emerged. “We’re here…the demon city.” He stood between two colossal stones and then turned, grinning shyly at Fate, “Welcome to my home,” he said as he waved his free arm over the empty setting.
“It’s…lovely.” Her eyes panned the barren landscape, frowning as she searched for evidence of his proclamation.
He chuckled and proceeded to pound his right hoof against the ground three times, resonating with a metallic echo upon each strike.
“Aperio,” he uttered and immediately a deep grinding thundered beneath their feet. The red sands of the desert sifted downward as a large, metal ramp lowered itself before them. Once disguised as simply solid ground, it soon unveiled itself as the entrance to an underground world.
As she took slow steps into the belly of an even deeper netherworld, Fate felt the stirrings of apprehension. 
“Child…my child…come home,” the maternal voice whispered to her thoughts.
An ache tore through her chest as she gazed longingly at the apocalyptic setting. Almost as strong as the hunger, the call of her dark mother pleaded for her to find her way home. 
“Fate?” Kane’s deep voice called to her, a guarded concern laced within.
She pushed the dark yearning away and followed him into the pit, the large metal door rising like a drawbridge behind her. She hoped she wouldn’t regret trusting in the demon.
Ick trembled in her arms. 
“It’s okay, Ick,” she soothed, stroking the downy fur atop his head.
Lit torches adorned either side of the rocky tunnel. An eerie flicker danced along the walls, wavering with every movement and exhaled breath. They moved through the passageway in silence, descending further into the depths of the earth with each step. As it wound around several corners, following a maze-like path, Fate noticed a light emerging in the distance. 
A thick, steel door lay ahead with a small, rectangular window allowing a single beam of light to slice through the dimness. Baritone voices emanated from the other side, echoing throughout the cavern. 
Fate suddenly paused.
“Kane?” she whispered. He stopped and turned to face her, his hulking body perilously close to hers. His warmth slid over her, caressed her. She swallowed, then asked, “Are they going to hurt me?” 
“No, Fate, I won’t let them.”
“How can you be sure?” 
He answered humbly, “Because…I’m their leader.”
She averted her eyes from his. She hadn’t realized he was of such importance. Of course, she’d heard Deme refer to him as sire, but Fate hadn’t paid much attention to the allusion at the time. He seemed so…young, not much older than herself. She had no idea how demons aged, but he certainly didn’t appear old enough to be a ruler.
Now at the steel gateway, Kane pounded on it, hard with his fist. Fate narrowed the space between them, fearful of what lie beyond the heavy door.
Again, she found herself staring at his back. The low amber lights cast soft shadows across his physique, she found herself fixated on his strength and the way his muscles flexed beneath his dark skin. 
She resisted reaching out and touching his long blue hair as it swung casually at his waistline. Her eyes wandered over his every curve, examining his poise, his allure—she closed her eyes and shook her head.
What are you thinking?
He was a demon. She, a shade. The two races had a turbulent past. A dark, embedded hatred for one another. He probably didn’t even see her as an equal, let alone a love interest.
Deme groaned, falling against his shoulder. Stabilizing her, he hammered the door harder, shouting, “Open up, it’s Kane.”
The metal hinges groaned in protest as the door was slowly pulled open. Two heavily armed demons stood guard on either side of the entrance. Fate trailed closely behind Kane, knowing that the moment they saw her, there was going to be trouble.
“Sire,” a demon guard exclaimed. “What happened?”
 “The three of us were attacked by sphinxes,” Kane answered with veiled apprehension, delivering Deme into the guard’s waiting arms.
“Three?” the guard repeated with obvious confusion. 
Kane stepped wide to the left and exposed Fate standing nervously behind him. Instantly, the guard’s upper lip curled back, rendering his pointed fangs. He raised his staff, a sharp blade adorning the tip, and lowered into a fighting stance.
“Shade!” he snarled, spittle spraying from his black lips. 
Immediately alerted, the other guard brandished his weapon, his face wound tight with hatred. Kane elevated his hands, attempting to calm the two warriors. 
“It’s okay, she’s with me.”
Fate lowered her eyes in submission, holding tight to poor, little Ick who was endeavoring to burrow into her chest. 
“But sire…I don’t understand!” one guard sputtered, bewilderment filling his green eyes.
A crowd of demons had begun to amass, each gasping as they laid eyes upon their sworn enemy. 
Kane glanced calmly between the two guards, then quietly commanded, “Please take Deme to Shaman Goratus.”
They reluctantly complied and carefully led the wounded tracker away, both eyeing Fate with quiet contempt.
“Kane,” an elderly male demon moved out of the gathering crowd and asked, “What is the meaning of this?” 
Fate’s eyes darted amongst the angry and confused faces of the mob. It took all her willpower not to turn and run back into the tunnels from which they came. 
Kane raised his hands and stated, “My people, please, calm yourselves.” 
A respective hush blanketed the crowd. Kane swung his head in Fate’s direction, his sapphire gaze falling upon her. After casting a look of remorse, he shifted his attention to the throng of demons before him. 
His Baritone voice boomed, echoing throughout the cavern with his announcement, “I bring you…the Devil’s heir!”

Prisoner

Marble pillars swirling with steely veins stood stoic in every corner of the great entrance. Though they’d obviously seen a great deal of wear, hairline fractures running throughout their polished torsos, the ivory columns loomed like colossal soldiers. 
A dozen arched doorways led from the grand hall, each enlightened with metallic torches. Every hallway boasted long, red runners hemmed with golden thread. Twelve ten-foot statues guarded the exits, each bearing a different weapon or symbol. Beautiful and intricate in detail, Fate gazed at the solid sentinels, then realized something odd.
The statues—they’re of humans.
Overhead, an elaborately painted ceiling, gilded with gold and silver trim, depicted a war scenario where humans had triumphed over forces of evil. Fate had to take a second look at the artwork. She thought it strange that demons would have anything remotely human within their midst.
With the eyes of a hundred demons fastened on her, each blazing with evident hatred, Fate lowered her head and stayed close to Kane as he walked confidently into the center of the room.
Whispers and gasps reverberated off the walls, some even snickered and jeered.
“Friends, please, if you will listen to me,” Kane began, vying for attention over the discontented mumblings. “I understand you’re upset, but please, this is no ordinary shade.”
A large black demon stepped forward, his nostrils flaring and fists clenched tight. “How do you know for sure? How do you know it isn’t another of Malus’s traps?”
Kane sighed deeply, visibly pooling his thoughts before explaining. “I know because she was born right before my eyes—alone.”
A united gasp embraced the room. Several demons brought their hands to their mouth in surprise. 
Fate fought the urge to question Kane regarding his statement. What did that mean? Why was she so special for having been born alone? Why was she the  Devil’s heir—and did she want to be?
The crowd of demons, their sight fixated on her, shared a perplexed expression. Disgust and fascination. 
The Devil? Fate contemplated. Is that who’s been calling to me? Is that where I belong?
Kane turned to her, apprehension nestled behind his soft, blue eyes. Gently taking her by the arm, he led her through the horde of restless demons and down a hall to the right. 
Away from the strain of a hundred glares, she forced herself to breathe again. While she should have been more concerned for her safety, she was currently too enraptured by the way Kane’s large, black hand felt wrapped around the back of her arm. Ripples of heat extended from him. Every molecule he touched exploded with light. Like bubbles fluttering over her undead skin. A pleasant shiver traversed the small of her back. She longed to turn to him and... 
“I apologize,” he started quietly, stirring her back to reality. “My people have been through much sorrow because of the shades.”
As though he suddenly realized he was touching her, he pulled his hand away as if burned. A dull pain wound around her heart. She was simply fooling herself.
“I understand,” she responded, keeping her eyes on the floor.
Red doors lined the hallway, each decorated with ornate golden handles. After passing numerous doors, they finally paused at one on the right. 
“Here is your room,” Kane grasped the knob and opened the door for her. “I…hope it’s to your liking.”
Upon entering, Fate couldn’t help but smile. A theme of burgundy and gold played about the room. An enormous four-poster bed dominated the space, crimson sheers draped around it like long flowing ribbons, matching ties binding them to four vertical columns. A large gilded mirror lay perched atop an antique mahogany dresser. Burrowed in the far corner yawned a large fireplace set in onyx marble, just begging to be fed with fire and basked before.
“It’s lovely!” Fate exclaimed, overwhelmed with the luxury.
A rosy hue invaded the dark demon’s cheeks and he immediately turned to leave, but paused with his hand on the doorknob. Without facing her, his eyes trained on the floor, he stated timidly, “If you need anything, just ask me…I’m in the room across the hall.”
“Thank you,” she replied quietly, hoping for his gaze to meet her own as he slowly closed the door.
Left to her thoughts, Fate sauntered to the bed and slid her body over the width of the mattress. The supple burgundy comforter swaddled her in its silken embrace and for the first time since she’d arrived in Dark World, she closed her eyes and dreamt of home.

Kane knocked on the door, turned the knob and entered. He knew all were welcome in this particular home—that being the humble dwelling of the demon enchanter, Elder Ozen. Jars of herbs, elixirs and rare magical creature bits filled every nook and cranny of the small chamber. Unnamable odors, courtesy of potions bubbling within glass flasks, wafted from the next room.
An eerie play of shadows and candlelight cast undulating images upon the fractured walls. A quick sweep of the cracking structure and slouching ceilings left Kane wondering how much longer the palace would hold up. They’d never intended on living in an underground kingdom, but after the shades took over, it was the only place they could survive. 
“Would you like some fungus tea, your highness?” Elder Ozen’s ancient voice called from the adjoining room, somehow knowing it was Kane who’d entered.
“Yes, please,” Kane replied, cringing at the reference to royalty.
The old demon shuffled in from the next room, two silver mugs fashioned from steel grasped within his blue-black hands. He handed Kane his tea and smiled kindly at the young prince, his skin crinkling around his eyes and mouth like cracks in dry sand.
The elder groaned, taking a seat across from Kane. He brought his cup to his mouth, pursed his old lips and blew a line of breath across the top. Tendrils of steam wafted from the rim and, for a moment, Kane was certain he’d seen the vapor whirl and spin as though dancing.
Kane observed the old man with fondness. The elderly demon had taken him in after his father was killed. While the enchanter provided him with a good home, knowledge and kindness, the hole that remained in his heart was unfathomable.
His mother was another story.
In many ways, I’m just an orphan, he thought forlornly.
“How can you be certain she’s the true heir?” Elder Ozen queried, stirring Kane from his bitter thoughts. 
Word travels fast, Kane mused, thinking how he’d only announced Fate’s existence less than an hour before.
Kane exhaled and stared up at the ceiling of his mentor’s home and slowly shook his head. “She was born alone and her arrival mirrors what the scroll has foretold. The sacrificial ceremony on the Surface calls for three, but if the ritual has been performed on only one human, the shade’s power is immense once they reach Dark World.”
“There have been others born alone,” the old demon pointed out.
Nodding, Kane had heard of this and wondered why the others were unfit to become the Queen’s vessel. Was Fate truly unique? Or was she just another killer spawn from an evil ritual?
The ancient demon sipped his tea, his dark, wrinkled skin folding at the temples, then inquired, “Why didn’t you kill her? If she is the  Devil’s successor, she poses a great risk to our entire existence.”
He closed his eyes and hoped his conflicted feelings for the shade were not transparent. “I…tried. I just…couldn’t.”
“Couldn’t?” Elder Ozen arched a curious brow.
 “I saw something in her…something good.”
Seated across from the young prince, the old demon drew his robes tighter around him like a chill had crept into the room. After eyeing Kane seriously, he responded, “Shades are born soulless, damned to this world by the Devil’s disciples. They lose all that was good in them when they descend.”
Kane knew the lore well. “All I know is that she’s different, I’ve seen it with my own eyes.”

Fate awoke with Ick snuggled deep within the crook of her neck. Sad for only a moment that she could not recall her dreams, she giggled when Ick relinquished a tiny snore and twitched as if chasing a reluctant meal.
She glanced around her new abode, and while the room oozed with lavishness, she couldn’t help but notice the cracking walls and ceiling. 
After stretching and swinging her legs over the side of the bed, she noticed a pile of clothing folded neatly at the end of the mattress. Perplexed, she stood and inspected the outfit. Ick, now wide awake and fully rejuvenated, jumped up and down on the bed while Fate removed Deme’s cloak and donned a black suede skirt and top. She paused to gaze at her reflection in a full-length, gold-trimmed mirror leaning against the far wall. Inspecting the new wardrobe, she wondered who’d slipped into the room while she was sleeping to leave it for her.
The top fit like a second skin while the short sarong hugged her hips perfectly. She couldn’t imagine how they had clothes that would fit her so flawlessly considering how much bigger the demons were compared to her. 
As she ran her hands over the skirt, the smoothness of the material slick beneath her palms, a flash of recognition moved through her. A memory stepped out from the shadows and into a faint light. She remembered trying on clothes, a skirt in particular. The setting was so…different. A warm bedroom, rich with color. Daylight streaming through glass.
The sun.
A pang resonated in her heart. How she missed the cascade of heat offered to her by earth’s closest star.
She took a step closer to the mirror and scanned her reflection from top to bottom. Long silver hair cascaded over her shoulders, a soft curl bobbing at the ends. Icy, glowing eyes stared back at her as though she were a stranger. 
Still sporting the black mask, she pulled it off to further inspect herself. Upon parting her full, black lips and revealing a set of sharp fangs set amongst rows of perfect pearl teeth, Fate caressed her pale cheek with the back of her hand and whispered, “What have I become?”
Suddenly squealing, Ick scampered off the far side of the bed and hid.
“What’s wrong with you?” Fate asked, startled.
“Do my clothes fit you alright?” A velvety voice inquired from behind her.
As Fate spun around, her eyes settled on the loveliest demon she’d ever seen. Not that she’d seen many, but she was certain that this one would pass for the most beautiful. 
And her scent! 
Upon realizing she’d removed the mask and was vulnerable to the intoxicating aroma of the demon, she quickly slapped it over her nose and lips. Though her mouth still watered, she was immediately relieved of the intense ache building in her chest.
Drawn again to her beauty, Fate couldn’t imagine a more enchanting creature. Surrounded by feathery white lashes, her eyes shone with the same blue brilliance as Kane’s, but her skin was fair as fresh fallen snow. Pure ivory horns wrapped elegantly around her head, starting at her temples, then tapered into an elegant swirl just above her pointed ears. Her hair, the same luminous hue as Fate’s, draped like a shawl to the backs of her knees, thin golden strands woven into a few dangling braids.
Around the same height as Fate, she was puzzled as to why this particular demon was so petite compared to the others she’d seen.
“Yes…thank you,” Fate said, finding her voice.
“You’re welcome.” She walked so gracefully, she nearly floated into the room, her long, creamy robes trailing behind her. “I’m Ever,” she announced, extending a pale hand adorned with sharp, white talons.
“Ever,” Fate began, shaking her heated hand. “That’s a lovely name.”
“Thank you. My father tells me you are unlike other shades,” she started, a flicker of doubt moving behind her eyes.
“Oh? And who is your father?” 
“Prince Kane,” Ever offered bluntly.
As she took a moment to absorb this information, Fate tried to determine how someone as young-looking as Kane could have a daughter that appeared to be the same age as herself. And—prince?
“How could he be your father? He looks so…young?” 
Ever replied with a soft giggle, “Young? Why, he’s over three hundred years old!”
Her eyes widened. “Three hundred! How old do demons live?”
“We used to be immortal, but when the Crystal Pyramid went dark, we began to show our true age.” 
Fate suddenly found herself feeling dizzy. The hunger pierced her innards, gnawing and begging for sustenance.
“Are you okay?” Ever asked, taking a step toward the shade.
With Ever standing so close, her delicious scent taunted her. “Please, don’t get too close…I can’t…always control myself,” she warned.
Ever nodded and backed away, a wave of fear skimming the ocean of her eyes. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize.”
“Ick?” The little gargoyle popped up from the far side of the bed, tilting his head at Fate.
“Oh! How sweet!” Ever gushed, her regal composure all but forgotten as she hurried toward the tiny beast and scooped him up into her arms.
Fate positioned herself at the far side of the room, the furthest from Ever’s intoxicating scent. She watched as the demon princess lifted the gargoyle into her arms and proceeded to cuddle him.
“What is he?” Ever asked, her eyes sparkling.
“What do you mean?” Fate began, confused. “Haven’t you ever seen a gargoyle?”
“No,” she replied, tickling Ick under his chin and listening to him giggle. “I haven’t been outside since I was a newborn.”
“That’s so sad,” Fate replied, staring at the floor. “Why?”
Ever paused, issuing a sad smile. “To protect me—from my grandmother.”

Revelation

Deep in thought, Kane wandered the labyrinthine corridors of the palace. He felt so powerless. He couldn’t just leave Malus to reign over Dark World with her genocidal tendencies. As far as Kane knew, all shades were under her command. It was only a matter of time before she descended upon them.
His thoughts then drifted back to the Oracle’s statement. She’d said there was another stealing the scrolls. But who? 
It would have to be another shade…wouldn’t it? Or someone that had help from a shade.
Only shades could handle the pages of the  Devil’s Bible, it was his father’s greatest error—or was it? 
What if someone had found another way?
Regardless, he knew Malus had at least one. That had been confirmed by his spies, the demons she still kept as slaves. And he had to get it back, but how was he going to fight an army of shades with a village of demons? His gaze fell upon his broken palace. The ivory walls veined with cracks and arched ceilings buckling in on themselves, the product of sustaining heavy damage.
How much longer will it last?
He would have to move his people to safety—soon. 
But where?
The topside of Dark World was a harsh environment for even the most hardened beasts. A literal gift from the Surface, the palace had housed them in their time of need. Had it not fallen through the chasm so many eons ago, Kane wondered what their fate might have been. In some ways, he felt cowardly, hiding from his mother’s tyrannical hold over Dark World, yet it was the only way to protect what remained of his race.
Protect my race, that’s what I should be doing.
Yet he’d brought a shade into their hidden lair. Was she really so different? Wouldn’t her hunger get the better of her or was it possible that Fate maintained a sliver of her human spirit when all the others were nothing but soulless killers? 
Maybe that is what’s so special about the ceremony with one rather than three.
As he passed a female demon in the hallway, Kane nodded in greeting. While she returned the gesture, he couldn’t help but notice the hint of uncertainty lurking behind her eyes. It saddened him that his people did not have faith in him. 
I am not my father…unfortunately.
The king was a fearless leader. A bold demon, he led his people with passion—and they respected him for it.  
It wasn’t that Kane didn’t want to make his father proud and take hold of the reigns, he just wasn’t sure he was the demon for the job. How could he lead a weakened army into battle against unfathomable odds? 
Malus had the crown. She was the Devil of Dark World. With an army of undead soldiers outnumbering his own ten to one, how was he going to reclaim his birthright?
And how can I kill my own mother?

 “Why don’t you have shackles on your wings?” Fate’s eyes lingered on Ever’s back as she coddled Ick.
 “I was born after the great escape,” Ever said, stroking Ick under his chin. “Almost everyone here was once a slave. Malus’s slaves. The flying restraints were placed on them then.”
Ick purred loudly and nuzzled his cheek against the princess’s hand, then flipped onto his back, exposing his soft, white stomach and awaited a tummy rub.
“Why can’t they just take the shackles off?”
“Only Malus can remove them. They have an enchantment placed upon them.”
“This Malus sounds awful.” A flicker of recognition lit within Fate as the name ‘Malus’ tumbled out of her mouth.
“My daughter…come home.” The voice was so intoxicating. So alluring.
The demon girl nodded, her eyes filled with sadness. “She’s responsible for the slaughter of thousands. It was—a culling.”
Fate shivered. “But the demons seem so strong.”
Ever set Ick onto the bed. He curled up onto the pillow, his white, furry wings wrapped around his tiny body, and began snoring immediately. 
With a wistful sigh, Ever explained, “When my grandfather decided to seal the great chasm leading to the Surface, he knew it would weaken the demons, but he must not have known it would make them mortal. When Malus discovered his error, she sent her army of killers out to find and destroy all demons. Including my mother.”
“Killers?” Fate swallowed.
Ever’s sapphire eyes hardened. “Shades.” 

“Do you know how the shade entered?” Kane questioned a guard on watch the evening the scroll went missing.
“No sir.” The guard’s jade eyes darted about the room where the sacred page once resided. “One moment it was there, the next…gone.”
His brows knitted together, Kane probed further. “If you didn’t see anyone, how do you know it was a shade?” He knew the answer, of course, being that only shades were capable of touching the scrolls, but he was growing irritated with the guard’s incompetence.
The guard swallowed and glanced around, avoiding the prince’s stare.
“I…don’t,” the guard finally admitted, a line of sweat protruding above his dark temple. “I just assumed because…” 
“Never assume.” Kane cut him off and exhaled sharply, rubbing his forehead with his palm. 
How did he get in? Or out?
He gazed about the solid chamber, pausing on the empty glass container in the center. Once perched upon a stone pedestal, encased by a translucent cube of glass, the scroll had lain safe for almost a century. 
With only one entrance and four sentries stationed around the scroll at all times, it seemed impossible that anyone, even a shade, could infiltrate the room undetected.
The guard then surrendered, his voice low, “I saw…a black mist.”
“A black mist?” Kane repeated, narrowing his eyes at the demon sentinel. 
He nodded eagerly. “Yes, it seemed to…whisk in and out, fast, like the wind.”
“Why didn’t you say this before?” 
Why was he not receiving straight answers? Were his people so afraid to tell him the truth?
The guard simply lowered his eyes to the floor and shook his head in obvious shame.
With a final scan of the room, no explanation evident, Kane stormed away. The theft of the scroll was a devastating blow to the demons,  and he now had to decide on his next move. 
He knew what he had to do. Question was—would Fate help him bring down her own kind?

The ivory princess led Fate and Ick through a labyrinth of carpeted hallways, an endless, meandering red river flowing in all directions. Fate wondered how the demon girl could find her way to the dining room night after night, but concluded that after spending over one hundred years in the submerged castle, one would come to know the place like the back of their hand. 
Finally, after passing dozens of entryways, the princess paused before a set of French doors. She grasped the handles of gold and pushed them open to reveal a large, lavish room. A long rectangular table draped with a cream cloth held a bevy of elegant china dishware, several candelabras and gleaming silverware. A dozen sleigh back chairs upholstered in ruby velvet, sat stoic at either side of the table, just waiting for someone to set themselves upon them.
An enormous crystal chandelier dangled overhead with hundreds of clear quartz teardrops affixed to it. Like a diamond crying tears of glitter, the fixture hung in perfect stasis casting a soft glow over the room. 
Fate was in awe of the palace, she wondered how such a structure could have come to be underground. 
“Please, have a seat,” Ever offered graciously. It seemed to please her to have a guest to dote on, even if it was a shade. “My father should be here shortly,” she added, seating herself.
Choosing a chair across from Ever, Ick bounced between four different seats before he decided on one beside the princess. Fate settled in, absorbing the atmosphere. 
She was certain she hadn’t been anywhere this fancy when she was human, she would have remembered seeing something like this, or at least recalled the sensation of being mesmerized by a mere room.
As if on cue, five demon servants moved swiftly into the room, four carrying plates of food and one with a clear, glass pitcher containing some kind of green beverage. One of the servants moved cautiously to Fate’s end of the table, dropped the plate before her and exited the room hastily. 
Friendly, Fate thought sarcastically.
Kane then entered the room and sat beside his daughter. Fate’s chest fluttered and a knot gathered in her stomach. Glancing at him, his eyes focused firmly on his plate and his shoulders stiff, she again wondered if she should stay at the palace. He didn’t seem too comfortable in her presence. Occasionally, his gaze would lift as though to look at her, but would immediately drop it when he came too close to meeting her eyes.
Fate lowered her own eyes.
He hates me. 
Fate pushed the fried blue mushroom medley around with her fork, eyeing the lump of heated flesh lying next to them with disgust. She apparently had no use for carnivorous activities. While it was a familiar activity, her new body simply wasn’t interested.
Still wearing the black mask, she was thankful that no one seemed to notice her lack of appetite. It had been two days since she’d consumed the sphinx’s soul and she wondered how long it would take before she felt that unquenchable need. One day? Two? How long before her self-control diminished and she became some kind of fiendish monster? 
Both Kane and Fate avoided eye contact. She was certain that if their auras were visible, they’d be dodging one another like two incompatible gases. 
Ever seemed blissfully unaware of the discomfort within the dining room. She was content to nibble at her food and giggle as she watched Ick devour his meal, burp profusely, and then lick the plate clean with his tiny, black tongue.
Taking a deep breath, Fate distracted herself by getting lost in the beauty of the space again. While awe-inspiring, the dining room appeared to be in as much disrepair as the rest of the palace. There were fantastic woolen tapestries draped along several of the walls, but apparently in attempts to conceal various fractures.
In an effort to begin a conversation, Fate asked, “So, how many of you live here?”
Ever looked over at her father, expecting him to answer, but he maintained his aloof behavior. “Um,” Ever began, shooting a glare at her father. “Just over five thousand demons, I think.”
“Why are there so many human references here?” Fate blurted suddenly, surprising even herself.
The demon princess smiled like she knew a secret. “I think I’ll let my father explain that one, he has an obsession with human history,” she said as she stood, retrieved Ick and exited the dining room.
Left alone, the air stiffened, rebelling against any flow. Fate frowned, wondering if Kane was upset with her, or just simply couldn’t stand her. She watched him finish eating, and after several minutes of silence, she decided she would head back to her room.
Upon her standing, he suddenly spoke.
“This palace was once on the Surface.” His voice was taut. “It belonged to an ancient civilization. Human. Do you remember much of human history?” his voice warmed with the question.
She bit her lip, the memories seemed to be there, but they hovered just out of reach. A sliver of annoyance rose inside of her. Why was her amnesia so darned selective? She could remember the most mundane of things: the color of grass, that she hated pickles and what a car was, but a lot of the knowledge she yearned to access simply wouldn’t surface.
She reluctantly shook her head.
Again, awkward silence loomed.
“Would you like to see my favorite room?” he asked suddenly, meeting her eyes.
A strange quiver ran over her as she allowed her gaze to settle on his. His burning sapphire stare, so full of torment, moved straight through her soulless body.
Beneath the black mask, a smile graced her black lips. “Yes—I would like that.”

Kane led Fate down a darkened corridor illuminated by candlelit sconces. He didn’t look back to ensure she was still following him, he could feel her presence well enough. The energy she exuded was formidable. It was as though she radiated pure black magic. Her aura extended from her body, reaching for him like the gentle fingers of a wanton lover.
He clenched his hands into fists. 
What the hell is wrong with you, Kane? She’s a shade!
Did female shades have some power of seduction that he was unaware of? Granted, he’d never spent any amount of time with a shade, especially female, but he’d never heard of such a thing. 
An uncomfortable silence possessed the space between them. He didn’t want to appear rude, but he honestly didn’t know what to say to her. 
Just talk to her. Ask her something. 
He searched his mind for something intelligible to query her about. Something about her life on the Surface.
“So—Fate,” he began, his tongue tripping over her name. He thought it ironic he’d named her yet his nerves prevented him from speaking it properly. “Do you remember anything about the Surface?”
“Very little,” she replied, her voice somewhat quiet. “I remember some very beautiful things—and some that are not.”
He stopped walking and spun around. “If I may ask, what were the…not so beautiful things?”
Kane’s heart picked up pace when he realized how close they were. His eyes slid over the gentle contour of her pale jaw line as it narrowed towards her petite chin. He eyed the mask, wishing he could see her lips as she spoke. 
She lowered her glowing eyes and he was sure he saw them dim with her response. “I remember that I was—murdered. I can’t remember who—or why—but I can still feel the pain,” she replied, placing a hand over the center of her chest.
He felt a pull on his heart. How could anyone harm this gentle soul? Though he hadn’t known her as a human, he surmised she must have been amazing. If she only retained but a fragment of her former self now, as a complete spirit, she must have been exceptional.
“And—the beautiful?” he asked quietly, fighting the urge to take her into his arms and console her.
She closed her eyes and sighed. 
“The stars.”

I wonder where he’s taking me. 
Fate followed closely behind the large demon. She was so confused by him. One moment, he behaved like she’s the last person he’d ever want to spend time with, then the next, he’s offering to show her around the palace. And his favorite room, no less.
He led her down a dark hallway, towards a set of double doors. It reminded her of a theatre. Again, she found it profoundly annoying that she could remember these kinds of tidbits from living on the Surface—but not her name. It was like her soul had shattered when she arrived in Dark World, only tiny shards of her former existence remaining, and slowly, she was putting herself back together, but without all the pieces of the puzzle.
The doors creaked as he opened them, the metal hinges groaning in unison. Even with her infrared sight, it was difficult to make sense of the shadows in the darkness. She could distinguish several rows of seats and what appeared to be a booth at the back of the room.
A domed ceiling bowed overhead, like she was inside a snow globe with the glass painted black. 
“What is this?” she asked, her gaze panning the length of the strange room.
“You’ll see—have a seat,” Kane replied warmly.
His hooves made a trotting sound as he walked quickly towards the booth. A few clicking sounds later, the entire room came to life.
As Fate gaped at the ceiling, she stifled a sob. 
“It’s—a planetarium,” she whispered, feeling Kane ease into the seat next to her.
Breathless, her new sight experienced the awe she’d only known with human eyes. The Milky Way hung overhead, its multitude of stars twinkling and sparkling only for her. A suspended galaxy for an audience of one. 
“Do you…like it?” Kane asked, his voice uncertain.
She couldn’t speak. It was beauty unlike anything she’d seen with these eyes. Newborn eyes. 
The dome shifted slowly, mimicking the movements of the celestial procession, only faster than it would be on the Surface. Stars winked, planets spun, and comets soared. Even the turquoise swags of Northern Lights draped themselves over a distant horizon. 
It was breathtaking. Overwhelming.
“How?” she whispered, fearful the splendor would vanish if she spoke aloud.
“The—previous owners—built it,” he stated quietly. 
Fate could almost feel him smiling at her in the dark. A thrill moved quickly up her spine. He was so close. So warm. It was almost like a date at the movies.
The movies. A date.
An icy trickle moved through her veins. A dark memory tried to interrupt her bliss, but she forced it away with an annoyed scowl. She didn’t want anything to ruin this moment. Not the universe spread out before her like a shimmering blanket nor the excitement she felt being so close to Kane.
She stole a glance at him through the darkness, his cerulean eyes glowing bright. Again she wondered how he felt about her. Was he just entertaining a guest? Was this something he showed everyone new to the palace? Or was she—special?
He cleared his voice nervously, as though he sensed her eyes on him.
“It…doesn’t show the sunrise, unfortunately,” he said, sounding genuinely disappointed. “What’s it like?”
“The sunrise?” Fate searched the depths of her memories, probing for the correct image. “I can’t remember everything, but what I do remember is…beautiful. All colors of the rainbow suspended in one corner of the sky, though mostly shades of amber and pink. It changes constantly, but ever so subtly. And just when you think that nothing could be more breathtaking, a golden sphere rises, overtaking all the colors and turning the entire sky baby blue.”
She prided herself on recalling so much, then realized Kane was staring at her. Turning to him, she couldn’t name the expression on his face. Awe? 
The air seemed to stop around them. Only inches away from one another, she felt her head start spinning. His hand was so close to hers. 
Their eyes locked on one another, her next breath stuck in her chest. She wondered if there was no mask imprisoning her lips, would he be kissing her by now?
He suddenly looked away, almost shaken as he refocused on the make-shift galaxy above. Disappointed, she followed suit, allowing the discomfited silence to distance them once again.
Fate settled into her seat and looked up, forcing herself to take in every inch of the wonder overhead before it was turned off and she’d have to return to the world without a sky. 
Her eyes darted to and fro as they struggled to absorb every constellation and every galactic wonder. 
Then she saw it. 
The Phoenix. 
A dam broke inside. A flood of memories came rushing back all at once. Fragments of her soul gravitated to one another, mending her fractured mind.
Her undead heart skipped a beat and tears burned in the corners of her eyes.
She remembered.
I am Scarlet.

Fire

Fate had been exceptionally quiet since the star room. Frankly, he wasn’t sure if she’d enjoyed it or not. One moment, she seemed completely entranced by it, and the next, withdrawn.
“Are you all right?” he asked as they walked down the hall. 
Her arms were wrapped around her like she was cold. Though she nodded in reply, she didn’t offer anything further.
Paranoia crept in uninvited and he wondered if she was offended by the awkward moment they’d endured. What was he thinking? Didn’t he have more control than that? He felt like slapping himself to awaken from whatever enchantment she had over him. Was what he was feeling real? Or just some kind of illusion? A bewitchment?
His brows pulled together. Frustration building within, he decided to leave her to her thoughts. It was obvious something was upsetting her, though he couldn’t imagine what.
A new fear rose quickly into his throat. 
What if she’s getting hungry again? What if she’s unable to control it?
It was then he decided Ever shouldn’t be alone with the shade anymore. It just wasn’t safe. He couldn’t lose another family member to a shade—especially his only daughter.
He suddenly felt very foolish. How could he have so recklessly allowed this known predator into their hidden lair? While he was certain she wasn’t an agent of the Queen, attempting to gain access to their secrets and report back, he wasn’t convinced she was trustworthy yet either.
No matter what he’d seen with her recent behavior, she was still a killer. She was still more monster than human. He couldn’t let himself forget that—no matter how he felt about her.
Upon reaching her door, he turned to wish her good night. Her eyes still locked on the floor, she simply turned, entered her room and closed the door. 
Kane stood in stunned silence for a moment, uncertain what to do next. He noticed two demon guards standing down the hall and motioned for them to come.
“Stay here, see that Ever does not enter,” he ordered, turning to leave, then added, “And—if the shade leaves, one of you follow her and the other inform me at once.”
They nodded, parked their staffs at their side and thrust their chests out like proud peacocks.
As he entered into the main hall, Kane decided he should call an emergency meeting with the Council of Elders. 
“Dex,” he called to a young demon courier. “Please relay a message to each member of the council. I wish to call a meeting for tomorrow morning.”
The demon boy nodded and trotted off to deliver the communication.
He needed advice. He needed to know what to do with the shade, but even more pressing was what to do about the missing page of the Devil’s Bible. 
“If Malus finds the other three,” he muttered under his breath, “she’ll not only own Dark World—but the Surface as well.”

Scarlet.
Flashes of her former existence flickered like a broken television screen. Memories were thrown at her with no rhyme or reason. A cracked Kaleidoscope of colors, images and dreams.
I know my name. At least, what it was, anyways.
Huddled at the head of the bed, Ick snuggling beside her, she tried to remember the girl she was. A rogue tear fell from between her lashes. Warm as it slid over the apple of her cheek, she raised her hand and wiped it away. As she caught the teardrop upon her finger, she watched how it glistened like a liquid diamond. It existed there for a brief moment then slid down her index finger and over her palm. 
The line of wetness remained, leaving a near invisible mark. It was in that moment that she noticed something odd.
As she held both palms open, she exclaimed, “I have no lines!”
Smooth as marble and completely devoid of any marks, she gaped at the anomaly. No finger prints. No lifeline. Nothing.
Ick climbed gently into her lap and licked her fingers. A concerned look on his little face, he nudged her hand with the top of his head. Tiny little horns had begun to sprout in between his pointed ears. 
She dropped her hands with a sniff. 
Fate. What a stupid thing to name me considering I don’t even have one.
Fate ran her hand over Ick’s downy, white back, instantly sending him into a state of purring bliss. 
“Well, buddy, I don’t know about you, but I’m exhausted.”
As she pulled the silken covers over herself, she tried to sort the recollections bombarding her. A face she knew as her mother. A man who called himself her father. A brother. A friend. These were people who knew her. Cared for her. People on the Surface.
Though the memories were jumbled and disjointed, she knew one thing for certain—she wanted to go home. To the Surface.


With his palms resting on the large obsidian table, Kane stood before the counsel and collected his thoughts. This was the moment he’d been dreading. The moment where he had to decide the fate of his people…and his world.
Would his father agree with his decisions? Was he strong enough to rule more than Legion, but Dark World itself? He wasn’t certain he believed he was their rightful leader, but he knew he had to try.
“I called this meeting of Elders to discuss the future of not only our city…but of Dark World,” Kane stated, panning the room and locking eyes with every one of the twelve ancient demons seated before him. 
Several nodded, including Elder Ozen, but many others sat with concern gathering behind their wise eyes. Elder Syphon glared at Kane from across the room. A deep scar ran over his right eye, the pupil permanently dilated in a wide snake-like stare. His talons clacked as he tapped his fingers atop the circular table, lips twisted into a bemused curl. 
“As you well know, our scroll has been stolen,” Kane continued, ignoring Syphon’s patronizing gaze. “You should know that on my recent journey, I discovered that the wraiths’ scroll is also missing…as well as the banshees’.”
Several gasps emanated throughout the room, some faces bewildered, some angry. 
“What are we going to do?” Elder Midas’s brow lowered and he stroked his long blue beard anxiously. “If Malus finds all of the scrolls…” 
Kane nodded, but politely interjected. “I know, but there’s more.” He paused before his peers, wary of their reaction to his next statement. “I’ve spoken to the Oracle. She believes that someone else seeks the scrolls.”
The room turned to chaos. Everyone bombarded him with questions all at once. 
Everyone—except Syphon.

“I know you must be starving,” Ever prodded Fate, extending what appeared to be a covered cage. “The guards only gave me a few minutes to visit with you, so please, take this.”
“Guards?” Fate replied, confused as to why she suddenly, and unknowingly, had demons outside her door. Was it to keep others from hurting her? Or her from hurting others? 
Warily, she accepted the cage from Ever. “What is it?” she asked, though she was certain she wouldn’t like the answer.
Ever’s blue eyes shifted away. “It’s…just a bird.”
While Ever was correct, she was indeed starving, Fate wasn’t sure she could tolerate the idea of devouring another soul. What happened with the sphinx was so spontaneous, sudden and unintended. She didn’t think she could intentionally yank the essence out of another being and feel right about it.
“Where did you get it?” Fate wondered, knowing Ever had never been outside the underground palace.
The princess folded her arms over her chest, her indigo eyes flaring. “Does it matter? I mean, you need nourishment, don’t you? I don’t want you losing control and accidentally eating me or one of my family members.”
She’d said it with a teasing smile, but it never quite reached her eyes. Fate understood. She was a danger to the demon city. A burden.
She sighed as she pulled the white cover free from the cage. Gilded bars imprisoned the most beautiful little bird she’d ever seen. A burst of copper and orange feathers tipped with gold covered his little body. His head was adorned with a spray of bronze feathers that branched out like a crown. Only a few inches high, the tiny bird tilted its head to the side, inspecting its new surroundings. His beady black eyes watched Fate closely, then his little beak opened and he began to sing a haunting melody—and that’s when he started on fire.

Myths

“What do you propose we do?” Syphon began, leaning back onto his chair and folding his hands behind his horned head. His skin was black like Kane’s, but dull, as if he were forged from lackluster coal rather than shining obsidian. 
Kane took a deep breath and tried to ignore the irritation building amidst Syphon’s smug attitude. 
“I suggest we gather the remaining scrolls and keep them here for safety.” Kane watched the Elders reactions closely. While some seemed open to the idea, others appeared skeptical. Syphon just chuckled.
His eyes brimming with contempt, Syphon seized his moment to humiliate the Prince. “Despite the obvious fact that demons can’t touch the scrolls, how do you think you can keep the others safe when our own was stolen so easily?”
Kane grit his teeth, knowing Syphon was trying to bait him into an argument. It wasn’t very long ago that Syphon had challenged Kane to a Victus, a duel for the crown. Thankfully, the council sided against Syphon, vetoing the battle. Secretly, however, Kane still harbored the desire to beat the Elder senseless. 
After clearing his throat, Kane calmly replied, “I plan on keeping them hidden, until we can find all of the pages and then…” He took a breath, then declared, “I’ll destroy them.”
“What?” roared Syphon, bringing his fist down hard onto the table. “No! That’s an outrage!”
“You can’t be serious,” Elder Ozen sputtered, his face paling.
“If they don’t exist, Malus can never open the chasm and turn the human race into shades,” Kane stated. “We can’t allow her access to the Surface. Don’t you see? The way it is now, we have a chance to defeat her.”
“How? I don’t understand,” Elder Midas asked. 
Kane’s gaze panned over the room of worried expressions, then spoke quietly, “We have Malus’s heir, without her, Malus cannot transfer her soul from her dying body. Without Fate, Malus will die.”

Flames rose from the tiny bird, filling the cage with tendrils of fire, each licking the bars as though probing for a way out. The more he sang his melodious song, the further the wisps extended. 
“What…is this?” Fate watched the creature with fascination. 
“He’s a phoenix,” Ever responded, a smile playing on her ivory lips.
“Phoenix,” Fate whispered the word. “How? I mean, if you can’t leave the palace, how did you get him?” 
“We have a sanctuary of animals down here. It’s at the far end of the palace,” Ever explained. “The shades have consumed so many of the creatures in Dark World, my father decided to protect some of the rarest.”
Intrigued, Fate asked, “What kind of rare creatures?”
She tapped each of her fingers as she counted. “Well, the phoenix for one, there’s about a dozen of them—less one.” She waved her hand over the cage. “A couple of unicorns, three griffins, one very old dragon, and hundreds of pixies. I tried to get you a few of those, but I couldn’t catch them,” Ever frowned.
“Interesting,” Fate mused, thinking back to the faded memories of her childhood. “You have mythical creatures that the Surface writes about.”
“Oh, they aren’t mythical at all, in fact, they came from the Surface.” 
“What? How?” 
Ever fiddled with the ruffles on her wine-colored sleeves as she spoke. “A great earthquake shook the entire earth, long ago. It opened up a huge chasm and swallowed a piece of the Surface. It was an island called Atlantis. Thousands of humans were brought down here, along with their collection of exotic creatures, hence, our collection of exotic creatures. Apparently these animals were a rarity on the Surface as well.”
“Wow! Atlantis!” Fate nearly fell over with the revelation. “I thought that place was just a myth.”
Ever smiled. “Nope, in fact, we’re inside an Atlantean palace right now.” 
Fate threw her a confused look. “How? It’s completely underground.” 
The princess nodded. “When the land fell through the fissure, it landed on a sand swamp. Quicksand. The whole thing sunk, burying itself in the quagmire. My father discovered it on a hunt about a hundred years ago, it gave the demons a perfect hiding place from the shades—and Malus.” She winced as she spoke her grandmother’s name.
“That’s amazing!” Fate absorbed the lore. “Atlantis,” she said breathily, closing her eyes, her obsession with mythology surfacing.
Ever’s eyes lit suddenly. “Oh, I almost forgot about the Night Mare. Another creature in our collection.”
“Night Mare?”
“Yes, a horse that…well, you’ll have to see him for yourself, if he’ll let you, he’s pretty grumpy. So…I gather you don’t want to eat the bird then?” the princess stated, eyeing the cage lingering in Fate’s hands.
Fate’s heart tore in two with the idea of harming the little bird. “There has to be another way! Is there nothing else I can eat?”
A thoughtful look consumed Ever’s face a moment and she tapped her bottom lip with the talon on her index finger. 
“Actually, there might be,” she expressed. “Let’s go see Shaman Goretus.”
Fate nodded enthusiastically. There had to be some other way to satiate her need for souls. There just had to be. She simply couldn’t endure the notion of destroying a life every few days. 
The princess glided towards the door. “It’s going to be tricky getting you out of here, just stay quiet and let me do the talking, okay?”
Willing to do anything to spare the baby phoenix, Fate set the cage beside her bed and trailed behind Ever. As they reached the door, however, Ick awoke from his catnap and upon seeing the girls abandoning him, let out an ear-piercing squawk. 
“Shhh!” Both Ever and Fate turned abruptly, fingers pressed against their lips.
Ick’s pushed-in face puckered disdainfully. Scanning the room with narrowed eyes, his sight landed on the gilded cage beside the bed. Fangs protruding and a sly smile sliding across his mouth, he promptly marched to the cage and began poking at the phoenix through the bars with his knife-like claws. The little bird panicked, peeping and molting fiery feathers which landed on the floor of his cage like a miniature bonfire, then promptly exploded into ash.
“Ick!” Fate hissed. “Stop it! I’ll be right back.”
The little gargoyle flopped onto the bed, crossing his furry, white arms over his chest.
“Be good,” Fate mouthed, then followed the princess out the door.

Nemesis

“So, this…shade,” Syphon spat the word with disdain. “She’s agreed to help us?”
Kane sighed, his large chest expanding and retracting slowly. All eyes were on him, awaiting his answer. 
Finally, he responded, “Not yet,” 
Syphon scoffed loudly. “Do you see?” he began, standing and waving an accusatory hand in Kane’s direction. “Do you see? This is exactly what I’ve been trying to tell you. All plan and no action.” 
Kane narrowed his eyes, panning the room, the Elders suddenly refusing to meet his gaze. A heat swelled in his chest, a fury growing without his permission. 
Have they been talking about me behind my back?
“He’s not capable of being our leader,” Syphon continued, moving about the room. “He’s but a boy.” 
Kane’s fists clenched so hard he was certain he drew blood from his palms. His teeth ground together so tight, it made his head hurt. Syphon gave Kane a sideways glance, his lips curling into a smirk, but he didn’t ceasefire.
“Legion needs a real leader. A leader who will take charge and lead an army to defeat Malus!” he shouted, pounding his fist against the stone table, startling several of the ancients. 
Kane looked to Elder Ozen, his weary expression read volumes. 
Does Ozen agree? Kane’s heart fell. Maybe they’re right. Maybe I should hand the crown over to Syphon.

“Where is the Shaman’s quarters?” Fate inquired as the two girls snuck down the hall. Thankfully the guards watching Fate’s room were both so smitten with Ever, she’d convinced them she’d be safe and that she and Fate would return in a few minutes. Frankly, she could’ve told them to eat live slugs and they would have gladly done it just to make her pay them notice.
The hallway went on forever. Every so often there would be an intersection offering them a choice of either left or right, but Ever continued down the same hall. 
This place is huge! Fate thought, her eyes scanning every twist and turn of the endless labyrinth.
As she followed the princess faithfully down the corridor, Fate examined the artwork hung on the walls. Most depicted war scenes or hunting expeditions where savages slaughtered buffalo or deer. Again, it was always humans in the pictures, never demons. 
Atlantis, Fate surmised. This must have been the artwork in Atlantis. 
But why had they never changed it? Didn’t the demons despise the humans? They were the precursor to shades, were they not? 
“This way,” Ever called back.
They approached a door on the right, except for a dehydrated head of what appeared to be a goat dangling from the doorknob, it was identical to the dozens of doors they’d just past. 
Fate swallowed. She desperately wanted a cure for her fiendish disease, but something about this visit had her stomach churning with dissention. It’s not that she didn’t trust Ever, quite the contrary, but without Kane’s protective presence nearby, she wasn’t sure how she’d be received.
“Are you sure about this? What if…the Shaman doesn’t want to see me? Shades don’t seem be a local favorite.” Fate grimaced and endeavored to still the apprehension within her voice.
“Don’t worry,” Ever linked her arm with Fate’s, a warm smile gracing her pale lips. “I’m right here with you.”
Fate grinned beneath her mask, an odd sensation rising within. She’d found something she didn’t even realize she’d lost. Something she’d desperately needed—a friend.


Kane took a deep breath. How was he going to handle this? He didn’t want to be leader any more than they wanted him to be. But he had an obligation. A duty to honor his father’s wishes. He’d left Kane in charge. 
Even though he was just a child when his father died, it was his wish that Kane succeed him upon his death. He had a responsibility, no matter how much he didn’t like it—or want it.
“I believe we should have a vote,” Syphon offered, his boisterous voice owning the room. Lit only by the incessant flickering of candlelight, shadows played within every corner of the room, leaving Kane to feel as though there were more eyes upon him than just the Elders’. 
“And, what would we be voting on, Syphon?” Elder Ozen inquired, a twinge of skepticism lingering in his voice. 
“Why…who should lead the demons, of course,” Syphon stated, a sly smirk grazing his lips. 
“We have a leader, Syphon, I see no need for a vote,” Elder Ozen countered.
Many nodded, but to Kane’s dismay, several wore expressions of hesitancy.
“Please, counsel, I ask you to have faith in me,” Kane began. “I may not be…my father, but I still love my people and desire the same as you...our freedom and our right to rule Dark World once again. Please, just give me that chance, I need your trust in me, especially now.” Upon lowering his eyes, he hoped they would find it in their hearts to see through Syphon’s plot to disgrace him. 
Most of the counsel members raised their faces to him, their eyes lit with hope. For a moment, Kane seemed to hold newfound respect from them—then Syphon’s poisonous tongue lashed from across the room. 
“That is where you are right…you are nothing like your father. If there’s one thing I’m certain of, he’d be ashamed to call you son.”

The room was bathed in aromas unfamiliar to Fate’s sense of smell. Long, black swags draped the walls, perilously close to the hundreds of candles flickering within the room. Reminiscent of the goat’s head hanging from the knob outside the door, numerous decapitated animal heads, shriveled and shrunken like large raisins, decorated the tiny space. 
A shuffling sound to the right startled Fate and she spun towards it. Stifling a gasp, Fate examined an old demon standing just a few feet from her. A dark-green cloak trailed over his hooves, his hands met at his waist, clutching a lengthy, gnarled wooden cane. Long strands of grey hair draped his shoulders whilst a snowy beard cascaded over his chest. Wrinkles of wisdom graced every area of his face, but particularly the corners of his mouth. Warmth radiated from him. A calm and glorious aura of what Fate could only describe as—peace.
At first glance, she surmised his eyes were closed as there was no telltale glow of infrared stare. On closer inspection, however, she realized he was blind, the radiant burn behind his eyes extinguished. The empty spaces left dark like fallen stars.
“Ah, I wondered when I’d get to meet you, shade,” the old demon spoke with lightheartedness coloring his voice. “And hello to you too, princess,” he added, nodding in her direction.
“Good day, Shaman Goretus,” Ever answered warmly, crossing the room and embracing him. “How have you been?”
“Very well,” he chuckled.
“This is Fate.” Ever swept an arm in the shade’s direction, her extensive crimson sleeves trailing loyally. 
Fate stood in the center of room, sensing the Shaman’s sightless eyes examining her. His face, though warm, studied her with an intensity that left her feeling like a specimen. 
Wizened hands clutching his gnarly cane, he proceeded to shamble across the room. Closer and closer. The light beating of the cane tapped in rhythm with his shuffle as he moved nearer.
Ever stayed by the door, her eyes flickered with a blend of curiosity and fascination. Fate wondered what the princess was thinking, then sure she knew, for she was likely thinking the same thing. 
Was this demon witchdoctor going to be able to find another way for her to survive? To prevent her from sucking the essence out of innocent bodies? Was there another way? Or was she just kidding herself? Maybe, she was nothing more than a killer. A monster with just enough control to keep the hunger at bay—temporarily. 

Helpless. Hopeless. His efforts to introduce his plan, failed. If only the council had more faith in him. If only he had more faith in himself. 
If only Syphon had kept his mouth shut, Kane fumed as he made his way back to his room. Defeated and worn, he passed through the halls of the demon city, anxious to rest his weary head. 
Did his father really think he could do this? He’d never been the type to take charge. To lead. Though he wasn’t a follower either, Kane honestly never knew where he fit in. A loner. 
His childhood had been confusing at best. With his father tending to the needs of an entire underground nation and his mother scheming to overtake it, he was left to fend for himself. 
It wasn’t until he met Seren that his life changed. Took on meaning.
The demon world was on its knees. Tumultuous and war-torn, Kane’s mother having had ushered in her new world order. A world owned and controlled by her—and shades. Dark World had once been home to many communities of demons. Cities. Villages. But once her poisonous reign began, she obliterated all but two separate populations of demons. Her horde of shades crawled across Dark World like venomous spiders. Silent. Deadly. Striking down those in charge who swore allegiance to the dead King Lucifer, her disciples crippled the nations, leaving the citizens but two options, serve her—or die.  
Wings immobilized, powers diminished to worthlessness, the demons were humbled before a tyrannical Queen. His own mother. 
She even shackled her son. Even sent him into the mines to excavate bloodstone. Whipped and beaten like a common slave, Kane endured years of imprisonment at the bidding of his own flesh and blood. The one who gave him life was now the one who threatened to take it away. 
The years in the mines were agonizing. Not only because of the labor, but because of the horrors the shades inflicted upon their prisoners. 
As he stood before his room, his hands pressed against the door, steadying himself, Kane tried to force the dark memories far away. But to disregard them, to erase them, would be like forgetting Seren. 
She had been his only light down there in the darkness of the mines. She’d saved him in more ways than one. 

“Fate,” Shaman Goretus spoke, his voice ancient and gravelly. “What an interesting name.”
“My father named her,” Ever offered proudly.
“Interesting,” he said, his gentle voice wrapping around Fate like an embrace. Though mysterious, she found him calming. His aura serene.
Now only inches away, he raised his right hand, hovering it over her. His palm open, he swept the open air surrounding her. Sensing her. He moved in a slow circle around Fate, never touching her, but felt the space as though absorbing her essence through his palm. 
Fate stood still, her breath tight in her lungs. She watched Ever’s fascinated gaze locked on the old demon. The ivory princess, noticing Fate’s stare smiled softly. Reassuringly. 
Finally, the Shaman stopped. He placed his hands back onto his cane and simply stood before her. 
Her heart thrummed against her chest like a hundred hummingbirds trying to break free. Did he find what he was looking for? Was there another way for her to live? Did she no longer have to kill?
It was Ever who finally broke the silence. “Well, is there anything else she can…eat?”
The Shaman raised his hand to his beard and stroked it thoughtfully. His brow furled, he pondered. For just a moment, Fate wanted to shake the answer from him. Impatience nagging.
Slowly, he nodded. “Yes,” he replied, his voice hesitant. “It is as I suspected.” 
“What is it?” Ever inquired, her voice bordering on impatience. 
“Bloodstone,” he stated, his voice taut. Strained.
Ever’s dove-like skin paled as she whispered, “Bloodstone.” 

Bloodstone

It was the scarlet flecks that glinted from within obsidian. They used to glisten like smatterings of blood clinging to the dark walls of the mines. Crimson jewels embedded in black glass. 
Hundreds of years ago, the obsidian mines were plentiful. Deep and overflowing, the veins of bloodstone throbbed. 
Centuries of mass consumption, greed, and overuse, however, finally forced the demons to face the consequences. Just when the demons needed the stone most, when the Crystal Pyramid fell dark, the bloodstone became scarce. A precious rarity.
The mines in which they’d come to rely, in the center of Dark World, dried up like a well. The wealth of the demons, their inheritance, was dwindling. 
What little they had, they salvaged and distributed in sparse rations, for they soon discovered—they could not live without it. Devoid the glow of the Crystal Pyramid, they were not only stripped of their powers, but their immortality as well. No immortality meant death. Any demon over two hundred years withered and died within months without the constant sustenance of bloodstone. 

“Bloodstone.” The word spilled from the ivory lips of the princess. Her pallor waning from that of an orchid petal to one of ashen bone. “How much will she need?” she posed to the elderly demon rooted before Fate.
His ancient lungs expanded and released a wheezy sigh. “Too much, I’m afraid.” He shook his head, mouth downturned. “More than we can spare.”
Whatever hope that had gathered in Fate’s heart dissipated into tiny fragments of despair. What was she going to do? Bow to the beast she was destined to become? 
“Is there nothing else I can do? Nothing else that will work?” Fate asked of the old demon, her hands wringing in angst. If she couldn’t use the bloodstone, she’d have to drain the life of innocent souls. She didn’t know how long she could do that before she lost the good in her. That essence that kept her from drowning in evil.
His wizened lips pursed a moment and he lingered with a thought. A breath caught in his throat and he reached for Fate. Upon relinquishing her hands to the blind elder, he patted them gently. 
“Give me a few days, I have an idea.”

The image of Seren haunted his memories. Her long, black hair feathering behind her. Tiger-orange eyes emblazed with an internal fire. She was unique. Rare. Like a precious gem, she could not be replaced. 
His hands pressed against the door, Kane closed his eyes and tried to drink in the memory of her. Tried to hold onto it. The pain in his heart—his soul—was so much more than he thought he could bear. He knew he’d existed before he met her, but he had not truly lived until he loved her. How was he to go on without her? Living as a shell of his former self. Even though his heart beat, he was not alive. 
Until he met Fate.
Why did her presence create such a stir in him? He was supposed to hate shades. Despise them. 
With so much uncertainty crowding his life, how did she break through the darkness of his world? The despair?
He spun around, gazing longingly at her door. 
What would happen if I told her how I felt? What would she say? 
A mere few feet stood between him and his destiny. Was that what she was? A future? Or was she the end of it all?
Kane brought his large hands up and rubbed his face. 
You’re losing your mind. She’s not even the same race. Not to mention, she’s the enemy.
It was in that moment that a sickening realization struck him. He’d left two guards posted outside her door—and they were nowhere in sight. Lunging forward, he flung her door open without knocking. His eyes darted about the room, scanning for her presence. The only living creatures in the room were Ick and a caged phoenix. 
She’s not here!
Dread owned him. He raced from the room and down the hallway, his hooves pounding raucously against the carpeted marble floor. Just one door down from his own room, he grasped the handle and pushed forcefully.
A gasp caught in his throat. “Ever!”

“Well, now what?” Fate asked, her arms wrapped around herself. What if the old shaman couldn’t find a cure? Would the demons banish her from their city? She already seemed one step shy of being exiled. It wouldn’t take much for them to decide to rid themselves of her.
“Would you like to see the garden?” Ever chirped, her eyes shining like blue stars.
Fate felt the rising of curiosity and excitement. Within her mind’s eye, the image of a vast expanse laden with flowers, trees, and lush greenery tickled her senses. The scent of roses and soft prickling of grass between her toes teased and beckoned her. Memories of the Surface. Memories she thought her lost soul had taken with it.
“Garden?” Fate marveled. “How the heck does an underground city manage to have a garden?” 
With a twinkle in her eyes, Ever linked arms with Fate and replied, “You’ll see.”

Panic. Kane searched the hallways of the old palace, his heart fibrillating. Where was everyone? There were thousands of demons living within the city, yet he couldn’t find anyone to ask as to Ever’s whereabouts.  
I shall see to it that those guards are severely punished! He fumed. He’d given them a direct order, one in which they blatantly disobeyed. They would never have disregarded my father’s orders. 
An ache throbbed in the center of his chest. They didn’t respect him. Didn’t care he was their leader. Maybe he didn’t care either. So many times he’d considered just leaving. Running away from the responsibility. The pressure. The memories. But it was all for Ever. To protect her. She would rule the city one day—as long as Malus never knew of her existence. 

The Garden

Gossamer mist lingered over a cobbled walkway leading into the garden. Velvety crimson petals clung to a vine of jade as it wove around a wrought iron archway. A forest of varying plants hugged either side of the narrow path while long, feathery fronds swayed like a mossy drape, courtesy of an ancient willow. The ceiling, capped by an artfully painted dome, stretched for what seemed like miles above them. 
The central source of light, brilliant and warm, hung from the arched ceiling as though imitating a silvery moon. Flooding the entirety of the garden with a pearly hue, it sparkled and flickered like an alabaster disco ball. 
Trees of all shapes and sizes filled every available space, some blossoming with a myriad of flowers while others were pregnant with ripened fruit. While Fate recognized many of the trees from the Surface, a vast majority were unlike any she’d ever seen. Pink, blue, and even lavender leaves decorated the branches of many. Some even shifted colors like a prism. 
Mood trees, Fate mused. 
Humidity clung to the atmosphere, filling Fate’s lungs with thick, warm air, mingled with the fragrance of a thousand flowers. 
Speechless, she absorbed the ambiance of the room. Breathed it in. Even on the Surface, she was certain her eyes had never beheld such beauty. Every corner, every inch of it was spellbinding. The more her eyes drank in, the more her heart swelled.
“Oh, Ever,” Fate whispered with a reverent hush. Ever smiled in return. A knowing smile. As though she agreed completely.
The garden had no end to its riches. In a distant corner sat an enormous gilded cage, not unlike the cage Ever had delivered the infant phoenix in. Tiny fireballs scored the air within the domed enclosure. Baby phoenixes zipped from left to right, then up and down. Dozens of flames shot about the pen, pinging off the bars, then repelling in another direction. But it was the large orange figure perched elegantly in the corner that caught her attention. 
A matron phoenix nested upon a stone pedestal. She was simply statuesque. Regal. Tucked safely beneath her were two tiny amber eggs, glowing like embers. Her lengthy red and gold tail feathers fanned over the entirety of the cradle, protecting her unborn babies with a wall of fire. Ink-black eyes bore into Fate’s, her elegant head cocked to one side. Inspecting her. 
“That’s Cinder,” Ever spoke quietly, stationed to Fate’s left side. 
They watched in awe. Neither moving, just observing the blazing beast as tendrils of flame rippled over her body like streams of lava. 
The sound of trickling water stole Fate’s attention from the phoenix. To her right was a make-shift waterfall, cascading into a pond made of grey marble. 
Moving to its side, she gazed into the dark blue waters. Beyond the undulating reflection of herself, Fate could see a multitude of rainbow fish gliding beneath the surface. Their skin glittered with an iridescent hue. Prismatic against the quiet light bathing them from above. 
“That light.” Fate raised her face to the soft orb. “What is it? It looks like…a crystal of some kind.”
Nodding, Ever lifted her ivory profile. “Yes, it’s a special kind of crystal. Piezoelectric. It’s what powers our kingdom.” 
Perfectly round and polished like a crystal ball, the sphere not only cast a gentle, white light, but soothing warmth as well.
“Ouch!” Fate exclaimed suddenly, a sharp pain biting her shoulder blade. Spinning around, she witnessed a tiny blur whiz away and escape into a nearby shrub.
“Pixies,” Ever stated with a roll of her sky-blue eyes. “They’re jerks.”
Fate nodded in agreement, the sting on her back throbbing.
A throaty growl resonated from a distant corner. Deep and rumbling like a storm cloud. Her interest piqued, Fate wandered the winding path. Pushing aside several lazy branches, heavy with leaves, she finally spotted the source of the guttural voice. 
Seated in the heart of a yawning cave-like structure, was the most magnificent creature Fate had ever seen.

Where are they? 
Panic prickled through Kane’s system. What if Fate had led Ever to a remote part of the palace and…he couldn’t think about the possibilities. Couldn’t think of losing Ever. Especially the same way he’d lost Seren.
Forcing himself to calm down and walk at a less hectic pace, he asked each demon he passed if they’d seen the girls. With every answer that resulted in a ‘no’, he became more frantic. 
I must have been out of my mind to bring a shade here. What was I thinking?
As if his own consciousness answered him, a series of images flashed through his thoughts: the way her shy star-like eyes lowered when she was embarrassed, followed by the rush of rouge that painted her cheeks. The way she cuddled and babied Ick. The way her silken white hair cascaded over her petite shoulders and fell between her shoulder blades. 
A flutter of something warm wandered through his heart and over his soul.
It was hopeless and he knew it. He couldn’t talk himself out of it any longer. He had feelings for her. Feelings that bordered on wrong, yet he simply couldn’t deny them. Demons and shades were simply not meant to be. Were they? How could two different races come together? They were sworn enemies. 
His thoughts shifted to Ever. He just knew, deep down, that she was safe. Fate would never hurt her. She didn’t want to be a monster. She wasn’t a monster. She was an angel cursed. Cursed by his own mother.
He exhaled, his heart torn between loyalty and feelings he didn’t want to acknowledge. 
Suddenly, the gruesome image of Seren’s chest cavity ripped open, her soul stolen, seized his thoughts. His father’s blood pooled beneath his cooling body. He simply couldn’t allow it. Couldn’t allow the feelings to cloud his judgment. 
“No,” he growled through gritted teeth, recalling the wise words of the Oracle. “Shades can’t be trusted.”

Every individual scale shimmered with the essence of a sunset. Copper, gold, red, and even a hint of violet. His massive horned head tipped in her direction, watching her every move through fiery amber eyes. Long black talons adorned the tips of his gnarled, russet digits. Vast, membranous wings sprouted from his back. Not unlike bat wings, they had intermittent ribs held taut by dense, coral flesh.
Thick steel bars enclosed him. Imprisoned him. While Fate understood it was for his own good, that Kane wanted to preserve the last dragon in existence, she couldn’t help but feel saddened. Something so beautiful, so powerful, should not be kept locked away. A shortened life would be better than none at all, wouldn’t it?
“His name is Arcanum,” Ever offered.
“Arcanum?” Fate paused, a memory emerging from the depths. She fought to recall. His name meant something. Something she knew from the Surface.
“Yes,” Ever turned to Fate. “The king—my grandfather—found him dying in the desert shortly before he… ” The princess stopped and looked away.
“Before?” 
“Before he died,” Ever blurted dismissively. “His name is Arcanum,” she said quickly, changing the subject.
 “Arcanum,” Fate repeated quietly. The word ricocheted inside her head like a song you can’t help but sing over and over. His name meant something in her human tongue. But what? As if pushed from the depths of her memory by an angelic source, it surfaced. 
Secret…his name means secret. 
She prided herself momentarily for the recall, then glanced back at him before following along behind Ever. The old dragon gave a deep sigh, then laid his formidable body down, a wisp of smoke rising from his snout. His eyes stayed locked upon the girls as they passed by his cage. An ancient wisdom lurked behind them, veiled with sadness.
Ahead, Fate could hear commotion. Amidst the foliage, a great cacophony. A shrill whinnying. Without even seeing him, Fate knew right away who the perpetrator was. Ever had already mentioned him. 
The Night Mare.

Night Mare

Tightness spread across his chest. How could he have betrayed Seren’s memory like this? For a shade, no less? Distressed by his own lack of sensibility, he marched through the corridor, still searching for Ever. Maybe they weren’t even together. Maybe Fate had wondered from her room and…his heart did an uncomfortable flip flop. 
What if Syphon got a hold of her? What if he’s hurting her?
Again, his true feelings surfaced. This strange and inexplicable desire to protect the shade. Why did he deem her so important? Other than the fact that he needed her to collect the remaining scrolls, and hopefully the stolen ones, he had no use for her. Her kind killed his father. Her kind murdered his wife. Why was this even an issue? A consideration?
He had to harden his heart. Block her from his thoughts. Clenching his fists and gritting his teeth, he furled his brow with fresh determination. 
Nothing should come between his responsibility to his people. He had a job to do. He had to find the scrolls, use the shade to retrieve them, then—dispose of her. 

It was a beast the shade of pure midnight. Sleek as black velvet—except for the fire. A willowy ribbon of flames rolled over his crest, down the back of his neck, and ended at his brawny shoulders. His lengthy tail, grazing the floor behind him, burned with the same fervor as his mane. Even his hooves brandished a blaze. 
“Don’t look him in the eye,” Ever warned, keeping her chin tucked into her chest as they stood before the fiery horse.
“Why?” Fate whispered, lowering her eyes to the ground, glancing up with caution to steal an admiring look at him.
“He’s very unpredictable. You never know what his mood is going to be like,” Ever explained.
Not unlike a lot of males around here. Fate rolled her eyes, thinking of Kane and his pendulum of sociability. One minute, warm and engaging, the next, aloof and unreceptive.
“Not to mention,” Ever continued, “his gaze can hypnotize you.”
“How?” 
“He was born of black magic. He’s not like the other creatures here.” The demon princess had a low, cautionary tone.
“Not like the others?” Fate reiterated, thinking of the sulky dragon and the elegant phoenix.
“He didn’t come from the Surface. He was conjured.”
“By whom?” The dark horse dragged an ember hoof along the floor of his pen, drawing a long line in the dirt. He lowered his head and gave a grunt, almost as if he was answering Fate in his own language.
Ever shrugged. “We don’t know. He’s not supposed to exist.” 
“What’s his name?” Fate allowed her white eyes to linger on the great horse. Nearly twelve feet high, he was simply colossal. But strangely, she wasn’t afraid of him. Only captivated.
Again, the pale princess raised her shoulders. “We just call him Night Mare.”
“Ever!” a Baritone voice thundered through the garden, startling the two girls. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you!”
Kane’s large black form stormed through the foliage, leaving a trail of torn leaves and broken branches in his wake. 
“Father?” Ever responded calmly, her blue eyes puzzled. “Are you alright?”
“No! I am not alright! I ordered the guards to keep you away from…that.” He fired a cold glare in Fate’s direction. 
Her blood ran cold, the sting of shock spreading through her body. 
That. 
He’d said it with such disgust. Such hatred. Fate was glad for the mask shielding her mouth. It prevented Kane from seeing her bottom lip tremble.
Ever’s blue eyes shot bullets in her father’s directions. “Daddy! How can you be so…”
“Ever,” he interrupted, taking her arm, “Shades can’t be trusted. She could…kill you.”
She ripped her arm from him, leaving his large hand empty and hovering mid-air. “She healed you. And if she wanted to kill me, she would have done it already. She’s had plenty of opportunities.”
Tears welled into the corners of Fate’s eyes. “I…should go,” she forced the words out, hoping they didn’t sound as strangled as they’d felt. Turning to leave, she walked quickly away from father and daughter.
“Wait!” Ever called. “Fate!”
As the first tear rolled over her cheek, Fate stopped walking—and started running.

“How dare you!” his daughter’s blue eyes iced over. Hands on her hips, she glared up at the seven foot prince. Her white wings twitched whilst her long tail flicked irritably beneath her gown.
Regret overshadowed the anger that had owned him but moments ago.
“She’s my friend,” the princess waggled an ivory finger in his face, an angry crease woven into her forehead. “And she’s not dangerous, you above all people should know that. She’s had plenty of opportunities to hurt both you and I. But did she? No!”
Kane sighed. “You’re right,” he stated honestly. He’d been an ass. 
She immediately silenced, her reprimanding hand falling limply to her side. “I am?” Her eyes widened and she gaped at her father. Never before had he conceded so quickly—if at all.
“Yes.” Kane nodded, raising a large, black hand to his daughter’s pale, satin cheek. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have spoken to her like that. I was just…so worried about you.” 
An expression of pure understanding eclipsed her face and a smile graced her lips. Patting his hand as it held her cheek she gave him a firm stare and then pointed her finger in the direction of Fate’s room. “Good. Now go and apologize.”
Kane rolled his eyes and gave his daughter a wide grin. Turning, he made his way out of the garden and headed for Fate’s room.
His stomach fluttered with nerves. He didn’t intend on just apologizing, he was going to tell her everything. 

“It’s obvious I’m not wanted here,” Fate sniffed, gathering a few items from her room and tossing them into a burgundy pillow case she’d hijacked from the bed. Her tears had ceased halfway to her room and morphed into an angry burn smoldering within her chest. She seethed as she recalled Kane’s venom laced words. “He doesn’t want me here. They don’t want me here.” The image of the demons and their hateful stares fueled her anger further. 
She’d made her decision. She was going to find the one person in Dark World who wanted her. 
Malus.
Ick whined, wincing each time she stuffed an article into the bag, pounding it for good measure. 
Taking last inventory of the room, her gaze fell longingly on the tiny phoenix watching from within his gilded cage. While she desperately wanted to take him with her, it just didn’t seem feasible. 
“Unless…” Fate murmured, eyeing the little fireball. 
She recalled a time from the Surface that she’d gone to the zoo. There, one employee had a falcon on his arm, talons wrapped tightly around a long, leather glove that nearly reached his elbow. At first, she wondered how he’d gotten the falcon to stay perched there. The bird’s amber eyes were wild and it often stretched and fluttered it wings as though threatening to take flight at any moment. Then she noticed a thick rawhide ribbon dangling from one of the bird’s legs, the other end gripped tight in the man’s fist. A leash. 
Fate scanned the room quickly, looking for something that would work for such a tiny bird. Then she saw it. A thin red strip of fabric held back an ivory drape. She moved swiftly across the room, untied it, and brought it back to the cage. 
The little bird peeped nervously as Fate tied the thread around his left leg. Tiny flames rolled over the phoenix and licked at her fingers while she gently formed a knot. She’d honestly expected more of a fight from him, but strangely, he seemed to understand what she was doing and cooperated.
Setting the phoenix upon her shoulder, leash in hand, Fate gathered her bag and gave a quick look at Ick, who was watching her with a wary expression.
“You ready to go?” she inquired, her hand clutching the door knob.
If she didn’t know better, Fate was sure she saw him shake his head no.

Part Three
Twist of Fate

Storms

The Nephthys River sloshed and burbled, its thick current wavering like a stream of ebony ink. A distant geyser fired a canon of scalding vapor high into the air, announcing the late hour.
His master would be waiting for him. 
Though it had been ridiculously easy to steal the scroll from the demons’ lair, Vale was forced to hide out in the mountains for a few days before making his way home. 
Very carefully, he pulled the page from his jacket pocket. The crisp, ancient paper protested as he unraveled it from its deep sleep. No one had read these words for over two hundred years. The scrawls and swirls penned in golden ink waltzed across the page, leaping out at him as he read the passage left by the demon king. Lucifer.
What a pity he made such a mess of things. His curse would have worked…if he’d done it right.
No one was supposed to be able to touch the scrolls. But something happened. Something was done wrong. Now, the demons couldn’t lay a hand upon them or the enchantment would come alive and steal one thousand years of their life. No race could handle the scrolls—except shades.  
Rumor was, Malus had learned that the hard way. His eyes narrowed. He knew better. Dark World was rampant with her minions spinning lies.
He chuckled, rolling the parchment into a cylinder, sliding the delicate paper into his pocket, eager to deliver it. 
His master was worthy of his service. If everything went according to plan, Vale would be on the Surface in a matter of months. Days, even. He’d be able to go home. 
Only, he wouldn’t be going back as a human. He’d be going back as a god. He’d make the one who’d hurt him and his sister pay.

A storm growled overhead. Clouds of scarlet and black wove their way around the snarling stalactites that hung from the ceiling of sky. A low cluster of nimbus rolled over the mountains like an angry, vaporous ocean. Red sands from the Crimson Desert whipped about, biting her face and exposed skin.
“Keep up now,” Fate called to Ick toddling far behind. Glancing back, she saw how far they’d gone. The obsidian monoliths that stood as markers for the location of the underground demon city were just black dots marring the horizon.
It hadn’t been difficult escaping the city; in fact, it wasn’t an escape at all.  She’d simply walked up to the guards stationed at the main gates and asked to be let out. They were more than happy to get her out of their city. She wasn’t so sure they’d be in Kane’s good books after that though. Or would they? He didn’t seem to want her around any more than the rest of them. 
Except Ever.
She would miss the sweet princess. Her only friend down here in the broken underworld. She’d been the only one who cared. 
It had been hours since she’d left. Kane would certainly know by now. 
He’s probably relieved.
A shaky sigh fell from her lips, still hidden behind the mask. The phoenix, propped regally on her shoulder, released a soft chirp and flickered from copper to gold. His way of communicating, Fate had come to learn. 
He had a small vocabulary based on colors and intensity of flame; both intermingled with a unique and haunting song. 
Ick grumbled in his own language behind her. He dragged his feet and tossed the occasional rock in her direction. He reminded her of a pouting human child. 
“Alright, we’ll rest here,” Fate conceded, a cloud of fatigue hovering over her as well. 
She needed to eat. Badly. Her biggest regret having left the city was that she didn’t speak to the old Shaman again. He’d thought of a way for her to avoid consuming the souls of others, but she might never learn what it was. 
As it stood, she’d have to kill—soon.
Her gaze fell upon the phoenix. Calmly resting on her shoulder, his beady black eyes observed her with quiet wisdom. She was grateful she’d learned enough self-control so she wouldn’t hurt Ick or the phoenix. 
That’s when it occurred to her. “You need a name, little one.” She paused, trying to think of the perfect name for her new friend. He squawked excitedly, sending sparks flying in all directions, nearly setting Fate’s hair on fire. She laughed, patting any embers singeing her silver locks.
“Ah, I see,” she said with a smile. “Spark, huh?”
She ran a gentle finger over his chest. The flames parted, allowing her pale finger to pet him without burning it.
Ick leapt onto her other shoulder and nuzzled against her cheek, a deep purr rolled from him.
A lump rose into her throat. It felt good to have friends again, even if they were just animals. 
Her illuminated eyes scoured the landscape, trying to determine the best direction to take. The voice was stronger now. As though it knew she was endeavoring to find the source. It whispered thoughts to her. Told her how badly she was wanted. Needed. 
Gazing off to the south, Fate somehow knew which way to go. Jagged mountains pierced the horizon, colossal rocky giants. But one was different. Amongst the panoramic landscape, one peak stood alien to the others. Its reddish glow tinted the skies. Like a beacon, it called to her. 
The Crystal Pyramid.

The winding path snaked before him, leading him home, hunger building within. He knew he’d have to eat soon. Very soon. 
Vale scanned the barren wastelands for any wayward beasts he could consume. Drifts of married ash and red sands billowed around him. It was the stormy season again. Very few creatures ventured from their dens at this time of year. Ones that he could defeat with little effort, anyways. 
Glancing behind him, he was pleased his footsteps had been washed away by the ash, leaving little trace of his travels. He was nothing more than a ghost wandering over the lands, and he preferred it that way. Very few knew of his existence. And of his unique abilities. 
With his hand, he shielded the assaulting winds and sands from his illuminated eyes. He could distinguish sharp protrusions of crystals growing vertically from the ground. 
The Crystalline Forest. 
He’d surely find a meal there.
After adjusting his pack, he gave a reassuring pat to the scroll tucked in his pocket, and trudged forward.

The hunger had evolved into a lust. It gnawed and clawed at her insides, wearing down her resistance. She eyed both Ick and Spark with reluctant desire. Snapping her eyelids shut, she cursed her weakness. These were her friends. Her only allies. How dare she consider stealing their life. 
Peering through the veil of dust blanketing the land, she could make out a familiar sight. Relief washed over her. 
The Crystalline Forest, she sighed, knowing there would be something, a creature unknown to her, that she could consume.
It’s like…a cow. Yes. Just a piece of meat. She tried to reason. It was not unlike a carnivorous meal on the Surface, one she’d eaten a hundred times. It was natural. She was a predator and they, the prey. While she could tell herself that, it didn’t make her any more willing to kill an innocent being.
She thought back to the moment she devoured the sphinx’s soul. It was easy. Too easy. An instinct had owned her. She wondered if the same thing would happen again, or would she have more control over it? The ordeal with the sphinx felt different though. He had attacked them, and she felt compelled to protect both her and Kane.
Kane. 
His cerulean eyes burned a hole through her memory. How could such passion lie behind those eyes and hold no feelings for her? Did she just imagine it? All those moments when he seemed to care for her, was it just the wishful thinking of a foolish girl?
Deep pain curled around her heart like a venomous serpent. 
He doesn’t care about me. He’s just a demon. Fate fumed, feeling the roots of her true nature surfacing. He and I are enemies now.

Ambushed

Against the crimson horizon, mammoth shadows through over the desert sands. Their long, cylindrical bodies breaching the surface like humpback whales rising and falling amidst the waters of the ocean. Though the motions of the death worms appeared graceful from afar, Vale knew the beasts were not a typical predator—they were lethal. 
Careful not to leave any vibration upon the ground, thus attracting the monsters, he treaded with the grace of a cat towards the Crystalline Forest. Once there, he would be shielded by the marble forest floor. He considered wisping to his desired location, but decided he should conserve his energy. His innate ability to vanish and reappear a few feet from where he began was a rare talent among shades. 
Upon reaching the safety of the woods, sharp quartz protrusions surrounded him. The long crystal stalks loomed, unfruitful trees, eerie yet beautiful with their icy trunks and spindly glass fingers. 
Even on the Surface, Vale had been particularly fascinated with quartz. Rocks, gems, and minerals of all kinds, really. He may have even become a geologist—if he hadn’t been forced into Dark World, that is. 
A chill slid over him. One hundred years he’d endured the darkness of the underworld. He would have liked to say time had gone by quickly, but it had not. All this time. All that he’d sacrificed—and he still hadn’t found her.
Caressing the polished face of a nearby crystal tree, his thoughts drifted back to the last day he’d seen his sister. 
Sybil, his mind whispered.
Why hadn’t she just stayed home like she was supposed to? Why did she have to sneak out to see that boy? Heat prickled to the surface of his skin and he ran his hand through his disheveled silver hair. He should have followed her. He should have known where she was going. It was all his fault. 
If only he’d listened to his intuition, he could have kept her safe. Away from him.
The memory of the ritual nauseated him, overshadowing the biting hunger growing inside of him. He’d begged her kidnapper. Pleaded with him to show him what had happened to his little sister. 
A whole year he’d waited after her disappearance. A whole year he’d kept Blake’s disgusting secret, just so he could experience what had happened to his sister. To find her. To die for her.
If only he’d known he was going to a dark world filled with monsters and nightmares. If only he’d known what evil lay beneath the surface of the earth—he might have reconsidered.
A soft rustling ahead stole him from his dark thoughts. A flash of white fur piqued his primal side. His hunger reacted with lightning reflex. Vale caught the creature’s seductive scent lingering on the breeze and he sucked it deeply into his lungs. 
Mouth watering and predatory instincts possessing him, his luminous eyes targeted the creature playing in the trees.
A gargoyle.

“Ick,” Fate called out, concern welling in her chest. He’d been gone over an hour, romping in the trees and splashing in the mineral pond. 
It was the exact location where she and Kane had fought off the sphinxes. 
“And here I am…again,” she muttered, wondering what she was going to do. Was she brave enough to seek out Malus? From what she’d learned of Malus, she was a cold and cruel Queen who would stop at nothing to dominate Dark World. Ever had spent her entire life underground in efforts to avoid the new Devil. She’d warned Fate of the danger, yet here she was, searching for the elusive Queen’s lair. 
Her thoughts shifted reluctantly to Kane. Had she just imagined his affection towards her? Why did she feel so drawn to him anyways? He was a demon. As far as she could recall, demons were amongst the most loathsome creatures in mythology. What with their possessing people, conjuring evil, and embracing all things unholy. 
She shook her head, confusion blurring the borders of logic. But the demons weren’t that way at all. Ever, Kane, the old shaman, none of them resembled the dark stereotype given to them on the Surface. Even Deme, despite her sour expression, appeared to be inherently kind—deep down, anyways. 
It was the shades who were the real enemies here. She felt it in the way they looked at her. How ironic that the demons were the good guys. Not surprising when she considered human nature though.
A sigh escaped her. She had so many unanswered questions. Who—and what—was she? An undead being named Fate or a dead human named Scarlet?  
She settled onto a nearby boulder, her shoulders weighing more than they ever had. How could she expect Kane to know his feelings for her if she didn’t even know herself?
Spark chirped loudly, startling her. Fate brought her face to the tiny bird nesting on her shoulder, his flaming body rolled with shades of copper and gold. 
“What do you think? Am I just crazy?” she asked of him. 
Just as he tilted his head inquisitively at her, a shrill, animal-like scream resonated through the forest, bouncing off each individual quartz tree.
Fate sucked in a panicked breath and jumped to her feet. 
“Ick! Oh god, where is he?” 
The echo of his terrified voice reverberated from every direction, her ears burning with maternal fire. Just when she thought she’d located the origin and started towards it, his voice seemed to come from behind her. 
“Ick! Please! Where are you!” Her heart thudded relentless, fueled by worry and fright.
Then Fate stopped, straining her supernatural hearing. She couldn’t hear him anymore. A piercing silence owned the forest. Not a whisper. Not a breeze. Her throat felt tight. What if she lost Ick? He was like a baby to her. She’d watched him emerge from his spherical cocoon. Nurtured him. Loved him.
“Ick?” Fate relinquished, her voice strangled. Tears worked their way into the corners of her eyes. 
Not Ick. Please don’t take him from me. I…need him.
A barely audible snap reached her ears. Behind her. She paused, holding her breath. Fate slowly turned towards the sound. Her infrared eyes scanned the darkened forest. Only the hundreds of ice-like torsos rooted in the marble floor returned her gaze. 
Poised, ready for a fight, Fate sensed another pair of eyes out there. Watching her. Waiting for her. Her primitive alter-ego stirred within. A power fired in her core. The evil coalesced with the gnawing hunger. She was ready for whoever was out there. She was ready to kill.

Vale heard the beast’s heart fluttering madly as it tried to escape him, its pulse pounding in his ears. Nothing mattered but the kill. It was worse than a craving. It was a burning thirst. A raging hunger. Like he hadn’t eaten in years. He’d never felt anything like it when he was on the Surface. Not the need for cigarettes. Food. Nothing. It was a painful need to devour. And the only thing that could satiate the need—souls.
The gargoyle fled at an impressive pace. Too young to fly, he darted amongst the sparse crystalline branches. Vale considered toying with the creature, but was far too hungry and moved straight in for the kill.
“Ick!” Vale heard a feminine voice call out, halting his attack. The gargoyle would satiate him, but not like a conscious soul would.
His slivered human soul retreated into an abyss inside him, mouth flooding with fresh saliva. He ran his tongue over his lengthy fangs. The shade—the monster—stepped forward.
Vale shifted his focus sharply to his left. He took a deep breath in, testing the air. Searching for her scent. Was she a lone demon? A banshee who’d wandered far from her village? A dark thrill crawled over him. He had to see her. Had to have her.
Stealthily, he peered around the crystal trunks, hoping that each would be the one to reveal his prey. Without a sound, he stalked by wisping from tree to tree. Each wisp bringing him closer to his meal. 
The sound of water dribbling into a pond caught his attention, then a glint of light ahead. His undead heart beat against his chest like a wild animal, caged far too long and crazed with the need for release.
A clearing in the crystal trees greeted him. He paused, sniffing the air. Desperate for her aroma. 
Sudden movement behind a geode both startled and excited him. She was hiding. He strode quickly and confidently across the opening, his eyes locked on the large stone. He leaped, crouching as he landed atop the rock, hoping she’d run. It was more fun when there was a chase.
He leaned over; the far side of the geode was hollow, exposing its collection of glittering quartz. Maybe she was cowering in there, huddled into a ball, hoping he wouldn’t find her. The shade in him was giddy. With his wisp energy exhausted, he’d have to do this the old-fashioned way. 
Impatience germinated inside. He readied himself to spring. No more waiting, he’d go and get her. 
Just as he moved to attack, a flash of copper and gold flew from behind the boulder. Set afire, the ball of light tore past him, narrowly missing his face and yet he felt the imprint of heat left upon his cheek. 
For only a moment, he lost concentration. Startled from his strategic attack. Then she was on him. Pinned, he struggled to no avail. She was as strong as he was. 
Never before had he been overtaken in Dark World, his strength and wit unmatched. 
Until now. 

Clarity

Fate held the point of the quartz icicle tight against the shade’s throat with one hand and a fistful of his silver hair in the other. His head yanked back, the soft dip in the center of his neck exposed; she waited for any reason to plunge her makeshift dagger into him.
He stiffened, raising his hands into the air like a captured villain, then stated casually, “Hello there.”
Her grip tightened, the urge to skewer him growing wilder by the moment. A murderous rage generated inside of her. 
The human she used to be wilted when the shade took over. As though she had some sort of multiple personality disorder, an evil entity surfaced at its own volition and possessed her. Ironically demonic.
He cleared his throat, his Adam’s apple sliding past the tip of the quartz blade. “Um, you got me, so if you’re going to kill me, let’s get on with it.”
Not appreciating his tone, she hissed, “I should! It was you chasing my gargoyle, wasn’t it?”
“Your gargoyle?” he repeated, his voice condescending.
Fate gave his hair a fierce pull. “Yes, my gargoyle.”
“Oh,” he exclaimed suddenly, as though having had an epiphany. “I didn’t realize he was your meal. My apologies.”
“Meal? No, he’s my friend,” she explained, scanning the clearing for any sign of Ick. 
“Friend?” the shade chuckled. “But…you’re a shade. Shade’s don’t make friends with…food.”
“He’s not food to me,” Fate replied, loosening her grip a little.
The shade placed a pale hand onto her forearm, caressing it. “So, are you going to let me go…or do you just want to hold me in your arms all day?” 
She pushed him hard from her, grunting with disgust. He took his time turning around, almost debonair, then eyed her up and down. Seemingly pleased, he nodded with a smooth smile traversing his lips. 
“Interesting,” he commented, walking towards her. “Very interesting.”
“What’s so interesting,” Fate retorted through gritted teeth.
“You’re a rogue shade…like me.” His luminescent white eyes shone with quiet curiosity. 
The malevolence inside her withdrew to whatever sinister place it dwelled, allowing her to fully inspect this stranger. His hair carried the same sterling hue as hers, only his was much shorter, and wilder. His eyes burned the same as her own. Magnesium strips set afire. 
Clad in black from top to bottom, he wore some kind of suede armor. Silver buckles sealed him into the suit, straps running across his broad chest like belts with notches. The same metallic buckles ran along the outside of his boots, ending just below his knee. Everything fit him like a glove. 
While he was nowhere as tall and broad as Kane, he bore the traits of a seasoned warrior. Though lean, his muscularity was obvious beneath the arms of his jacket.
“And you are?” he inquired, quite at ease with her even though she still clutched the crystal dagger in her palm. 
“Who wants to know?” Fate glared.
Exhaling, he surrendered first. “Vale.”
“Fate,” she responded, lowering her makeshift weapon. 
“Nice to meet you,” he said quickly. “Now, how is it that you are a rogue?”
She shook her head. “I don’t understand what you mean by rogue.”
“Well,” he began, settling himself onto a geode. “All shades are the property of Malus from the moment they’re born. How is it that you escaped her?”
Fate considered her words carefully. What if he couldn’t be trusted and was some kind of spy or tracker for the Queen? Not to mention, as angry as she was at Kane, she hesitated to put him or Ever in any danger. She decided to stay quiet about the demons.
“I was born six days ago…I just woke up alone and walked away,” she lied and the look on his face suggested he knew it.
He crossed his arms across his chest, inspecting her thoroughly. “And…your clothes? Your ability to speak Attra?”
Fate cursed herself silently. How could she have forgotten she’d been born naked. And knowing their language, not even she understood that. Summoning another lie, she stammered, “I…devoured a young demon, and stole her clothes.” 
“And the language?” 
“I, uh…what is it of your business anyways?”
“Whoa, chill out, just asking.” He raised his hands as though in defense, but maintained that self-satisfied smirk. “Which way you headed?”
She drew a long breath. Should she tell him? He’d think she was nuts if she said she was trying to find Malus.
“I…don’t know,” she finally offered honestly, slightly defeated. The whole idea of finding the Queen and purposely yielding her freedom seemed remarkably stupid all of a sudden.
Hungry and confused, a small part of her was glad to have found what appeared to be a knowledgeable native of Dark World. Even though she didn’t trust him at all, she realized she might just need his help.
“Hey, by the way, where the hell is my gargoyle? Did you…eat him?” She swallowed hard, uncertain if she wanted to hear the answer.
“No,” he replied softly. “He got away. As to where he is, I’m sorry, I don’t know.”
Fate took full inventory of this new shade. With his shoulders slightly lowered and his lips downturned, she realized he was legit—but there was still something he wasn’t telling her.

Ever sat at the edge of the pond and listened to the trickling waterfall as it dribbled into the demon-made hot spring. Miasmic tendrils wafted above the balmy water, swaying to a gentle breeze. The flock of phoenix within their gilded cage lent a haunting tune to the humid air while the pixies raced one another to the ceiling and back, their squeaks of joy resonating over the trees. 
The garden, which usually filled her with unending bliss, was now a sad reminder of her lost friend.
The anger she had for her father was still smoldering. Why had he been so cruel? From the first day Fate arrived, it was obvious to Ever how her father felt about her. How could he just let her go? 
Ever found the shade completely fascinating. Her aura was so strong, so powerful. It was hard not to be in awe of her. She longed to ask Fate what she remembered of the Surface. 
She’d heard the sky was blue, but what shade of blue? What did the ocean look like? How did it feel to swim in it? What was grass and how did it feel? What did rain feel like as it fell on you?
Sadness shadowed her soul. Not only was she oblivious to the Surface, she was a stranger to the surface of her own world. A prisoner. 
The fury she felt for her father shifted to someone more worthy of Ever’s hatred. Malus. Her own grandmother wished to possess her. To push aside her soul, replacing it with one filled with greed and evil. How had her grandmother become so awful? 
Sometimes Ever wished she could simply surrender and tempt destiny. She was a strong soul, one that could repel Malus’s will. Couldn’t she simply deny her grandmother? 
It was her body. Filled with her soul.
Ever hugged herself, the warm air around her refusing to penetrate the growing chill she felt inside. How she longed to have a life outside the underground city. To see the volcanoes erupt with force and splendor. To witness the marvels that must exist outside this prison. To be free.
“Are you alright?” her father’s deep voice asked gently as he broke through a drape of fronds. 
She looked away, nodding untruthfully. 
He sighed loudly, taking a seat beside her. His head lowered, he said, “I know you’re upset with me and I’m sorry.”
“It’s not me you owe an apology to.” 
His eyes hardened momentarily, then softened as he met his daughter’s stare. “I know.”
“Then why don’t you go after her? Find her? Tell her you’re sorry and…how you really feel about her?”
He recoiled, obviously unaware his daughter had found his feelings so transparent. 
“Yes, father, I know,” Ever stated. “I think you may even love her.”
He closed his eyes tight, shaking his head as though warring with an internal demon.
“Why won’t you see, father? Why don’t you believe?” She turned and grabbed his dark face with her pale hands and forced him to look at her. “Don’t you see? You were meant to be with her.”

Ritual

An eerie hush had fallen over the Crystalline Forest. Dark World’s twilight hour. Smaller, weaker prey retreated to safety whilst predators awoke with voracious bellies. 
A field of geysers sprayed steaming waters high into the air. Large, bioluminescent bugs flitted amid the ash-filled air, their wings wagging with frenetic purpose.
Each of the crystal trees emitted a low, soft light of variegated colors, muted yellows, greens, and pinks. A forest of painted ice.
Vale sat across from her, leaning back onto a rounded geode. It was comfortable. Serene. 
Until now, Fate hadn’t felt at ease in this darkened wonderland. This shade before her, this human turned monster, somehow made her feel more at home here. Accepted. Normal, even.
I am Scarlet.
The memories of her former existence simmered to the surface of her thoughts. How she wished she could just reach into herself and yank out all that her mind was suppressing. What was she like before this? Was she strong? Weak? Cruel or kind?
Fragments of her human life taunted her, recollections edging so close, but never coming within reach. 
“When were you born?” Vale inquired suddenly, nudging Fate from her internal battle.
“Six days ago…I think.” She’d honestly begun to lose track. Dark days blurred into dark nights down here. It was practically impossible to tell time.
“Oh,” he replied, his lips downturned. He obviously wanted a different answer. But why?
“And you? When were you born?” Fate pressed.
He laughed. “A very, very long time ago, about a hundred years.”
“Wow,” Fate replied, her eyes widening. He was practically dust.
Silence fell over the makeshift camp, but still the air of ease lingered in the air between them. He felt like family somehow. An old friend.
“So, how did you escape Malus?” Fate asked suddenly, reverting back to their previous conversation.
“Well, after I was born, I wandered the Crimson Desert for a day or so, then was picked up by the guards. They hauled me back to the castle and prepared me for the shade ceremony,” Vale explained, his expression bleak. 
“What kind of ceremony is that?” 
“It’s a presentation of sorts. The guards bring you before Malus and she decides…” he paused, as though deciding whether or not to elaborate.
“Decides what?” Fate felt the release of a hundred butterflies into her stomach. She didn’t like talking about Malus.
“What job you’re suited for…or if your soul is resistant to obedience.” His eyes met hers, a flicker of dread dancing behind them.
“Resistant?” She pondered the notion, knowing deep inside she was beyond submission.
“Yes, most shades are born subservient, incapable of individual thought and action. Their soul is owned and controlled by Malus. Others, like us, are born…different.”
“Different?” 
 “You were born alone, weren’t you?” he asked quietly.
She nodded. 
Vale closed his eyes and sighed, seemingly relieved to have found another like himself. 
Finding her voice, Fate inquired, “What did Malus do to you at the ceremony?”
“Nothing,” he said with a smile. “She didn’t get a chance to see me.”
Fate frowned. “Why?”
“My master saved me before she could kill me. He’s the one that helped me escape…barely.” He winced.
“Kill you? But, aren’t we undead? Can we die…again?” 
“There really isn’t death, only transition,” he explained.
A cold front drifted over and she shuddered. Where had she heard that before? A series of cloudy images raced through her mind. A jagged blade glowing silver in the moonlight. A pentagram carved into the ground. 
Pain. 
Torture.
A callous whisper, “There is no death, only transition.”
She forced her thoughts to the present, asking, “Why did she want to kill you?” 
He looked down at the marble floor, kicking a wayward crystal with the tip of his boot. He shrugged with his reply, “I was born alone…and I’m male.”
Fate scrunched up her nose. “Why would she kill you because you’re male?”
He sighed and looked pensive. “I pose a threat to her. Being born alone makes me a free-thinker. Not to mention female shades are stronger, more magically powerful, and Malus wants a new body, hence, she wants a female.”
“Why does she want a new body?”
“Rumor has it she touched a sacred scroll and the enchantment stole one thousand years of her life. Now she needs the prophesized heir,” he explained, a skeptical tinge coloring his voice. 
“Heir?”
His eyes met hers and quoted, “She who is born alone must harbor the soul of the Devil, heir to the throne of souls,”
Fate shivered, knowing who he meant. “Why is it so important that I was born alone?” 
“The ritual on the Surface calls for three victims to be damned at one time, it even seems to work fine with only two, but one, well, something else happens,” he paused, gesturing between himself and Fate, then added, “And, you and I, we’re as rare as blue diamonds.”
“Something else?” Fate couldn’t take her eyes off of him as he spoke. It was all like some fairy tale gone horribly wrong.
He continued. “Those born in twos or threes lose their soul completely, but us, we got to keep a small portion of ours somehow.”
“So, I’m the only female shade in all of Dark World that Malus needs to survive?” Fate asked, suddenly feeling tired and helpless. 
Vale’s gaze fell from hers, colored with dark anguish, “No, there is another. If she’s still alive.” 

“I don’t know if I’m ready for this,” Fate whispered, following closely behind Vale as he stealthily made his way through the crystalline jungle.
“You’re hungry, aren’t you?” he hissed in return.
That was an understatement, to say the least. She was certain her insides were going to revolt and cannibalize her soon. She pulled the mask from her face, exposing her black lips for the first time in days. 
Her stomach rolled again with hunger and she was suddenly glad she’d left Spark safely behind, tied to a tree with his ankle leash, though she missed the weight of him on her shoulder. 
Then there was Ick. Still missing, she felt an emptiness that her furry little buddy used to fill. Where was he? Was he too afraid to return because of Vale? Was he—alive? She shook her head, the thought too painful to conceive.
Suddenly Vale raised his hand into a fist, signaling her like a Surface soldier to stop and be silent.
Still as statues, Fate followed his gaze, her sight landing upon two creatures sauntering slowly ahead. She narrowed her eyes, infrared sight penetrating the spectral shadows, trying to decipher what these things were. She’d seen so many odd beings over the last few days, she wasn’t sure what she was going to see next. 
She squinted, certain she’d seen something like them before.
Horses?
They were walking with their backs to them, their rounded behinds shifting with every step forward. Pure white bodies and manes of gold, the beasts trudged slowly through the forest, unaware of their imminent demise.
Vale started moving forward again, his body agile and movements sleek as a panther on the limb of a tree. The perfect predator. 
Fate attempted to travel as smoothly, stepping where he had stepped. Careful and calculated. She felt like she was part of a pride of lions, stalking their kill. 
As they neared, her predatory instincts took over. Her mouth watered and claws lengthened from her fingertips. Readying themselves. Anticipating. 
She heard several heartbeats thrumming alongside her own. One was Vale’s. Strong and excited. The others were the horses, calm and steady. Until they sensed them. But, by then it was too late.
Vale attacked first. One moment he was right in front of Fate, the next moment, he’d vanished, leaving only a haze of black mist to linger in his wake. He reappeared beside one of the horses. 
Before Fate could allow herself to wonder how he’d done that, the fiend within possessed her and she found herself racing towards the other horse at an unfathomable speed. Wind tore through her hair as she launched her entire body at the other horse, who was now attempting to flee.
She landed beside the beast and in one fluid movement, grabbed his mane and pulled him off balance, sending him crashing to his side. Without hesitation, she leaned over and sliced the creature’s neck from left to right, warmth spilling over her hand. 
Greedily, she maneuvered herself in front of the horse and thrust her hand to its chest. A slow, deep thudding overcame her. She closed her eyes as she became one with the creature. She could feel his essence being pulled like a magnet towards her. The madness of hunger coalesced with the lust of the shade. Her mind was not her own. The darkness convinced her that this was right. Natural. That the soul wanted to be with her. Wanted to be one with her. 
His chest cavity throbbed. His soul fought to break free. The horse’s heartbeat faded, slowed as his essence escaped him. 
The orb. It glistened and sang, gently floating towards her. Hands outspread, Fate welcomed the sphere. Soft blue tendrils darted from it like fingers of electricity, reaching for her, calling to her.
It landed gently in her palms, a vortex of power whirling in the center. She brought it to her lips, eager to satiate the dark hunger. To silence the monster within. 
She inhaled. Vapors of energy amassing in her undead lungs. Quenching the thirst. Feeding the evil desire.
It took a moment for her to come back to herself. The shade inside pulled back, licking its lips and nestling deep into her psyche. Until next time.
Fate looked at Vale. He apparently liked to toy with his food before he ate, cornering the beast, allowing it to maneuver a few feet, then herding it back again.
Then it was time.
Shrill whinnies cut the air. Vale’s expression was wild, inhuman as he punctured the horse’s throat with his knife-like nails. Blood sprayed, sprinkling the ground like red rain. 
The horse sank lifelessly to the ground, its heartbeat slowing. Its life-force fading. 
Vale knelt before the beast, placed his hand upon its chest and summoned the creature’s soul. 
Fate watched with a sickening sensation welling inside. It wasn’t until that moment she realized what she’d really done. And what she’d really killed.
They weren’t just horses. 
They were unicorns.

Promises

“What will you do now?” Elder Ozen sipped his fungus tea, savoring every heated drop.
Head hung in his hands, Kane exhaled. “I…don’t know.”
He knew he’d made a critical error in offending Fate and letting her leave. What was he thinking? Her ability to touch the scrolls was crucial to the demons. Their existence depended on it. He’d driven away their only chance of survival. 
“You know what you need to do,” the elder remarked, giving the younger demon a wise stare.
Kane nodded. He needed to find her. To apologize and beg her to help him. It was imperative they begin searching for the lost pages immediately. The sooner they found them, the less opportunity Malus had to acquire the scrolls and succeed with her evil plan to open the fissure and populate the world with shades. 
But even if he managed to find Fate, would she forgive him? Would she even want to help him? What was worse, if they were to join forces, could he set aside his feelings for her? That was the one uncertainty he was most afraid of. He had a job to do. A duty. Her presence was distracting. Seductive.
He frowned, his heart heavy in his chest. His problems didn’t end there. Who else was collecting the scrolls? And why? Did they also want to reach the Surface? 
“Kane,” Elder Ozen’s calm voice broke through his woeful thoughts. “No matter your fears. No matter your feelings. This kingdom needs a king. They need you. Be the king your father intended you to be.”
A knot grew in Kane’s throat at the mere mention of his father and he nodded. His people not only deserved a king, they deserved a great king. But there was only one way to become king—and that was to kill his own mother. How could he do that in good conscience? Yes, she was evil and had done unspeakable things to her own kind, but could he bring himself to slay her when the moment arose? 
He wasn’t a coward, though the road he must take was sure to be wrought with peril. Kane knew the risks of traveling through the darkest and most evil regions of Dark World. He knew he might not return. But his people depended on him and he needed to prove to them that he was worthy of their respect.
Kane raised his eyes to the cracked walls and ceiling as though the weight of his worries were mirrored within the foundation of the palace. 
He knew what he had to do. 
“Will you,” Kane began, his throat tightening like a noose had been cinched round his neck, “take care of Ever for me if anything should…go wrong?”
 “Of course.” Elder Ozen’s eyes lit like sparkling jade. “I swear on my life that I will do everything to protect her.”

With every stroke of the brush, Ever’s long brilliant hair gleamed like fresh snow on a pale winter’s day. She gazed sightlessly into the mirror, her thoughts cast on the whereabouts of her new friend. Mindlessly, she set down the brush and taking three thick sections of hair, braided them together to form a lengthy rope. 
She sighed heavily, her reflection staring back with discontented eyes. 
Until recently she didn’t realize what she’d been missing. The reality of her eternal imprisonment hadn’t truly sunk in until she met Fate. Something inside Ever ignited. A desire to see the outside world. If this shade could wander free over the darkened lands, why couldn’t she? Fate was the same as her. Young, naïve, and, unfortunately, wanted by her cruel grandmother.
For once, Ever felt a kinship with someone who could understand her. Fate knew nothing of Dark World, a mere baby in the underworld, yet she braved the ruthless realm by leaving the safety of the demon kingdom. 
Why can’t I? 
A light knock at her door stirred her from her longing. 
“Yes,” she called out, forcing her voice steady.
Her father’s large figure entered. His tortured aura sucking all of the air out of the room. Of course he still wasn’t willing to admit his feelings for Fate, but just standing in his presence, Ever was able to feel his pain.
Gifted from birth, Ever’s ability to sense others emotions had often left the adult demons speechless. Shaman Goretus dubbed her an empath, a rarity among their kind. 
The only person she’d ever encountered that she couldn’t read was Fate. She surmised it was because she had no soul, or very little of it left. There was something there, but it wasn’t strong enough for Ever to sense.
Her father’s feelings were as evident as fire on a phoenix. He loved Fate. His aura exuded an unnatural heat whenever she was around, even when her name was just simply mentioned. 
“I need to speak with you,” her father began, his tone tainted with sadness.
She moved to the bed and sat down, folding her hands in her lap. The edge of the bed sank as he seated himself next to her.
“Ever,” he started, his eyes trained on the floor. “I know you are cross with me for allowing Fate to leave.”
Ever stiffened. Yes, she was still upset with him. Not angry, but disappointed. She forced herself to look at him. To see the heartbreak in his eyes.
He continued. “I intend to find her…and to apologize.” 
Ever couldn’t suppress the smile wandering across her face. “That’s wonderful! I can’t wait to see her! I have so much to tell…”
“Ever,” her father interrupted, a pain lingering behind his eyes. “I don’t mean to bring her back here.”
Ever frowned. “Then where?”
He exhaled deeply, thick lines of concern scarring his forehead. “She…I hope…she will help me find the scrolls.”
“All of them?” Ever swallowed, certain she already knew the answer.
He nodded, not meeting her gaze. 
“But…Malus has one, doesn’t she?” 
He clenched his fists at the mention of his evil mother. Ever was aghast. How could her father risk Fate like that? He may as well deliver her into the Queen’s waiting hands. 
“You can’t! You risk her. You risk yourself? No one has ever entered the Blood Palace and escaped again!”
“No one we know,” he countered quietly.
Ever stood, wrapping her arms around her waist and paced the room. “What do you mean?” she hissed angrily.
He met her heated stare. “Whoever stole our scroll had to have a talent like no other. I will seek them out and…”
She stopped in mid-stride, a realization striking her. “You…don’t intend to return, do you?”
He rose, opening his arms to her. “I have to do this, Ever. I have to find Fate and beg her to help me find the pages or…” He hesitated. 
She turned from his embrace. He didn’t need to finish. Ever knew the consequences of Malus obtaining all of the scrolls. She would control all of Dark World and the Surface, and the demons would be destroyed. 
Confused, she asked. “Why would you want to seek out the thief?”
“As far as I know, Malus only has one. The banshees’. The Oracle spoke of another that is acquiring the scrolls and I have a feeling…” 
“Oh, you’re basing all of this on a feeling? I feel so much better!” she fumed.
“I have a feeling,” he continued through gritted teeth, “that the thief will lead us to that person.”
“Why? Why do you think the thief works for this other person and not Malus? Maybe the shade is collecting them for himself.” She crossed her arms and held her ground before him.
His indigo eyes locked onto hers. “The guard saw a black mist enter the scroll room…normal shades can’t do that. He could be collecting them for himself. I can’t know the truth unless I find him.”
“Black mist?” Her anger receded. “I’ve never heard of a shade being able to do that.”
The corners of his mouth lifted microscopically. “Exactly, he’s different. He must be a single-born, like Fate, and Malus doesn’t allow single males to live, and unless there’s another single-born female out there that we don’t know about…” He shrugged.
Ever let everything sink in. She suddenly felt silly for doubting her father. He was smarter than she was giving him credit for. 
“Now do you understand why I have to go?” he asked quietly.
She did, but it didn’t make her any happier. “What if…something happens to you?” Tears found their way to her eyes.
“Baby girl,” he started, pulling her into his large chest and stroking her hair, “I promise I will do everything in my power to come back to you. Everything.”
Ever swallowed back a sob. What if everything wasn’t enough?

Longings

“I don’t understand,” Vale raked his rebellious silver hair, frustration building as he eyed the weeping shade. “They’re just unicorns. Just food.” 
What was her problem? Did she not realize she needed to eat? They were just animals. Not even aware of their demise, let alone their existence. He was pretty sure they didn’t stand around pondering the wonders of the underworld or their purpose in life. These kinds of creatures were disposable. Simply awaiting consumption as far as Vale was concerned. Yet here was this girl. This shade with a conscience, mourning the loss of a beast with the worth of Surface cow.
“I’m sorry,” she sobbed, kneeling close to the corpse of the horned horse. “I just feel so awful.”
He sighed. It had been a century that he’d dwelt here, forgetting how it felt when he’d first arrived. He recalled his first attempt at feeding. It was messy and indignant, for both him and the creature he’d stolen from. 
Vale’s master had forced him to surrender to his needs, not that he’d much choice. The hunger always wins…eventually.
“Fate,” Vale began softly, settling onto one knee beside her. “You mustn’t burden yourself with such things. Feeding is necessary for our kind. Inevitable.”
“I know,” she glanced up, her luminous eyes glistening. “I just can’t help feeling sad. It’s just…it’s a unicorn.” She swept her hand over the mangled carcass. 
He had to admit, it was a magnificent beast. That and the human lore tied to it, he could almost see how she could be upset. But not devastated. 
“Come on.” He helped her to standing. “We need to start moving.”
Sniffling, she asked,”Why?”
He scanned the width of the forest, gazing between the glass trees. “Nighttime is upon us, the darkest creatures will be awakening soon.”
“Nighttime,” she scoffed waving an impatient arm in the air. “It’s always nighttime here.” 
Vale paused, stifling a laugh as she stomped away with a scowl masking her pretty face. She amused him. She had a way about her that was so…human. All the other shades he’d ever come across were so cold and lacked character. Like their personality had been kidnapped alongside their souls when they arrived in the underworld. This girl, she was comical. It was a relief, to say the least.
Mind you, he hadn’t met another shade that had been born alone. They’d all been the victims of a multiple ritual. Damned in twos and threes. 
He followed Fate to the edge of the forest, her head down and shoulders low. 
Time. She just needs time. Then she’ll toughen up. Once she sees and experiences enough of the horrors this world has to offer…she’ll change.
An uninvited ache moved through his chest and he exhaled. 
He really didn’t want her to.

Kane packed his bag slowly, wondering if he should really be doing this. Was he going to find Fate for his people? To recover the scrolls? 
Or was it for himself?
Ever since that moment, that instant, that she laid her hands upon him and healed him, something had changed in him. It was like she’d shared what remained of her soul with him, and he with her. 
He shook his head, wishing he knew more of the shades and their capabilities. Their magical potential. What if all she had done was unwittingly unleashed some kind of curse upon him? Like a love potion. 
He raised his eyes to the ceiling, frustration owning his thoughts. With Seren, love was easy. Simple. But with Fate, it was laced with confusion and dread. 
He relinquished a shaky chuckle. “She might not even feel the same way, Kane.”
“Talking to yourself?” a voice emanated from the doorway, startling him. Deme leaned against the frame, an expression that bordered both amusement and concern.
Kane smiled, warmth rose to his face. “Yah, I guess so.”
She glanced at the bed, his belongings scattered and pack half-full. Her pleasant look melted. 
“Where…are you going?” 
“I have to find her,” he stated, lowering his eyes to the floor.
Disgust rolled in a wave from her as she stormed all the way into his room, closing the distance between them.
“Then I’m going with you,” her voice softened, the heat from her ruby skin mingling with his own.
He hesitated. Waiting for a stir of emotion. He should feel something with a female of his own species, should he not? But it never came. Only Fate lingered in his thoughts. Only her.
“No.” He finally surrendered.
“That’s ridiculous!” Deme seethed, taking a step backwards. “Why would you go alone?” 
Kane sighed, exasperation clawing beneath the surface of his skin. This was his responsibility. His burden. There was no reason to endanger anyone else’s life. Especially Deme’s. He’d already had the displeasure of feeling guilty for her near-death experience with the sphinxes. He didn’t want to feel that again.
“Deme, I…it’s just the way it has to be,” he stammered, attempting a tone of authority.
Her red tail flicked and twitched as though it had a dark mood all its own. 
“It’s too dangerous alone,” she argued, her eyes narrowed into slits. 
He nodded. “You’re probably right, but it’s what I’ve decided. Besides, once I find Fate, I won’t be alone.” He joked, offering her a weak smile. 
She abruptly turned from him and headed for the door. With her fingers wrapped around the handle, she suddenly paused. Her back to him, she muttered in a quiet voice, “I hope she’s worth it.” 
Then she left.
Though Deme was well out of range, he answered, “She is.” 

Journey

The scalding landscape lay as a desolate orphan before him. The dark wonderland overflowed with memories of pain, suffering, and death. A world haunted by residual ghosts and real nightmares. 
The doors to the underground palace shut behind him with a metallic slam. He was alone. 
No one had seen him off. Deme avoided him completely while Ever stayed in her room, inconsolable. Other than Elder Ozen, no one else knew he was leaving. He wondered if they’d even notice. Or care.
A sigh escaped him. He wasn’t one to wallow in self-pity, but he couldn’t help feeling slighted by his own people. Shouldn’t they be more concerned of his whereabouts? He was supposed to be their leader, after all. The son of the great King Lucifer. Their future king. Maybe.
He adjusted his backpack and started forward on his journey. If nothing else, it gave him plenty of opportunity to think. And to sort out his feelings for Fate. 
He gazed over the landscape. So many directions to take, so many paths. 
Where would she go?
Anxiety prickled through him. Was she alright? How would she have survived out here? Even for just two days? 
In the distance, the glistening stalks of the Crystalline Forest beckoned him. Somehow, he knew that’s where she would go. Following his gut, he began his trek towards the glassy trees.
He glanced back, the distance between the palace and himself growing further and further, leaving him to feel more isolated than ever. The rounded prints of his hooves left a lonely trail etched into the red sands of the Crimson Desert. 
Reluctantly, his thoughts drifted to Seren. The bond they’d shared forever severed by violence and greed. He wondered what she would think of his feelings towards Fate. Would she be disgusted? Or content he’d moved on and his heart mended enough to accept new love?
He gave his head a shake. The whole idea was preposterous. A demon and a shade. Ridiculous. Besides, he had more important—no, critical—concerns to deal with. One being the recovery of the scroll. Even if he thought there was a chance to have a future with Fate, the future would cease to exist unless he prevented Malus from obtaining any further pages of the Devil’s Bible.
Kane frowned. He was certain he knew the reason for his mother’s interest in the scrolls, being that she wanted to open the fissure to the Surface and create a massive army of shades, but why did this mystery thief desire the pages? What was his agenda? What other motivation could there be for reopening the fissure? 
Locked within his thoughts, he trudged over the ash-ridden terrain. His pack, full of food and survival gear, weighed heavily on his right shoulder while his sheathed sword burdened the other. 
He glanced ahead. The journey to Fate seemingly endless. A cold front wandered over his soul as his imagination summoned an image of her hurt, scared, and alone.
Adrenaline fired within and he picked up the pace. A geyser, only twenty feet to his left, exploded high into the air. It was later than he thought. Nighttime was descending quickly.
It was in that moment a deep tremor rumbled beneath his feet. 
He knew instantly he’d made a fatal error.
Dread hit him and he wished more than anything that he was still able to fly.

“Ick!” Fate called out as loudly as she could. “Ick, where are you?”
“Hush! What are you trying to do? You may as well announce there’s an all you can eat shade buffet over here,” Vale hissed, scowling at her.
She didn’t care. Without Ick. Without a home. Without Kane. There wasn’t much left to live for. Depression burrowed into her core. If she only knew where she belonged. Oddly, she would have thought the Surface was where she should be, but even there she recalled feeling awkward. A misfit.
Seating herself onto a nearby boulder, she turned her attention to Spark perched loyally upon her shoulder. 
“Where are we going to go?” Fate asked, stroking Spark’s downy chest with her pointer finger, the flames parting chivalrously for her.
Vale paced the small area in which they’d paused, his face pinched in deep concentration. “Well, I believe the wisest…and safest…would be to return to my master.”
Fate bristled. “Is your master…kind?”
His face fell slightly, then he replied, “Kind? I don’t know that anyone in Dark World can be described as kind, but he is…worthy of respect.”
“I’ve met kind people here,” she argued, her defenses rising.
“Oh? Then why are you here and not with them?” His tone was almost cruel and she cringed.
“I…don’t know,” she admitted, picturing Kane’s face when he found her in the garden with Ever. The hatred in his eyes. 
Vale eyed her a moment, his demeanor softening. “What if,” he began, “my master took you in, like he did me, and trained you?”
“Train me?” 
“Yes, he’s a master of black magic. The dark arts. He could teach you as he’s taught me,” he smiled hopefully, taking a seat beside her and resting his arm over her shoulder. “We could be…a team.”
“A team? What is it you are trained to do?” She raised an eyebrow at him, a flare of suspicion igniting.
He exhaled, removing his arm from around her. “Well, let’s just say…I’m a seeker…of rare antiquities.” 
“Seeker? And your master is a collector?” 
“Exactly!” His eyes brightened.
“And he may reward you as he’s promised to reward me,” Vale admitted.
“Reward? What kind of reward?” 
“A return trip to the Surface, of course,” he stated as eloquently as a game show host.
Her heart fluttered with hope. Home? He can help me get home?
“Hmm, well, I suppose I don’t have anywhere else to go, so if you think I’d be welcome, I can’t see why not,” she said, actually feeling better that she had a destination.
Vale pondered a moment, then replied with a glint of mischief hiding behind his eyes, “I guess we’ll see when we get there. My master does admire rare items and I would have to say that you, my dear, are among the rarest there is.”

Checkmate

Petals of faded fuchsia rained from the weeping cherry tree, leaving a velvety path to encircle the base. A bouquet of perfume lingered in the air, the essence of a thousand flowers fused like an aromatic collage. A dozen or more pixies darted amongst the lattice of branches, their giggles and glittering wings enlightening the already luminous ambiance. Soft rays of white cast over the garden, courtesy of the opalescent sphere above. 
With all the beauty surrounding her, Ever wondered how she could possibly feel so sad. If this place couldn’t make her feel better, would anywhere? Or anything?
She sat in her favorite place in the garden: beside the babbling brook that meandered alongside the blooming perennials. White lilies hugged the pedestals of the trees whilst a gathering of climbing red roses wound themselves about the torsos. 
She’d always retreated to the garden when she was blue. It was her sanctuary. Her Eden. The place where dreams seemed planted within the soil, just waiting to be nurtured. Her dream was always the same: to be free. 
What would it be like to wander the wide open spaces of Dark World? Unrestrained? Without worry of capture by her grandmother and her loyal fiends?
How could life truly be lived within a gilded cage? What if her father never set her free? What if she was to be a prisoner of protection forever?
These were the moments when she desperately wished she still had her mother. Her father wouldn’t hear her pleas. Years of attempting to reason with him had only fallen on deaf ears. 
Ever swore to him she would stay hidden if she were to venture outside the palace. Cloaked and shadowed from the prying eyes of Dark World, she insisted she wouldn’t be recognized. 
He disagreed.
She sighed deeply, her shoulders heavy with the weight of consequence. This wasn’t her war. It wasn’t her fight. Why did she have to suffer the outcome?
“Why so sad, my princess?” a familiar voice resonated within the frequency of her thoughts.
She smiled. How could she have forgotten the one friend she’d known her whole life. The one whose identity she’d sworn to keep secret. 
She contemplated her answer carefully. He didn’t need to know of her woes, considering he was partly to blame.
“I miss my father…and Fate,” she replied in the language of telepathy. Standing, Ever made her way to his enclosure. 
“Where have they gone?” he inquired, concern hedging his usually calm and ancient voice.
“Fate left because of my father’s behavior, and he’s gone to find her.”
A silence fell between them. She sensed his worry even before she saw his face.
“When did he leave?” Arcanum asked.
Ever paused, then replied. “Only an hour or so ago…why?”
The mighty dragon’s face twisted with alarm. “I sense that all is not well.”
She spoke aloud, breaking the extrasensory bond, “For whom? My father? Or Fate?” 
The ridges on his brow furled, copper scales glistening and amber eyes flashing. “Both, I’m afraid, dearest Ever, both.”

A seismic tremor built beneath his feet, the belly of the earth rumbling like a ravenous beast. Shock waves rolled underground, knocking the sturdy demon to his knees.  Uninvited panic raced through him. In an instant, Kane was up and running, adrenaline owning his muscles. 
“Good gods, what was I thinking?” 
Kane’s eyes widened, heart beating with the force of a thousand drums. He didn’t need to see the geysers exploding in the distance to know he’d made a fatal error. 
Cloven hooves pounding against the hardened sands, he barely noticed the pour of sweat meandering over his brow and into his eyes. He panned to his left, then right, acres and acres of flat desert surrounded him. Nothing. Not even a boulder or quartz pile to seek safety upon.
How could he have been so stupid? So wound up in his own pity and fawning over Fate, he’d forgotten the cardinal rule of Dark World: never go out at night.
Sure, one could argue that a world buried in darkness twenty-four hours a day could be considered forever nighttime, but no one explained that to the death worms. They had their own schedule. Their own agenda—and right now, it was Kane.
The ground split behind him, a four foot wide fissure chased him as though he were running on thin ice, cracking with every step. He pushed his body as hard as it would go. Wings flailing uselessly behind him, he pumped his arms and legs, praying he could make it to the shelter of the Crystalline Forest with its floor of solid marble. The death worms couldn’t penetrate that ground, he’d be safe. If he could get there in time. Even though he could see the outline of the trees, it was still so far away. 
Amidst the roar of the fissure nipping at his heels, Kane heard the frenzied howl of the death worm, followed by the sound he’d been dreading: the call for assistance. An announcement to nearby death worms that there was fresh meat to be had.
A low, eerie wail resonated through the soils beneath him, not unlike the Surface stories he’d read about whales in the ocean sending messages over great distances with echolocation. 
The pack of supplies on his one shoulder, sword on the other, jostled violently on his back. He considered tossing the pack, but couldn’t bear to think how he’d survive even one night without it, especially because it contained his supply of bloodstone for the entire journey.
“Move, Kane, move!” he ordered himself.
He grunted, trying to force his body faster, but was greeted with a growing fatigue. This was how the death worms usually got their prey. It was a sport for them, to play with their food until it simply collapsed from exhaustion. 
Kane wondered if anyone had ever really seen a death worm up close—and survived. The colossal beasts wouldn’t break through the surface until the last moment. When they had their victim exactly where they wanted, they’d scooped them up from below. Swallowed whole. The victim never knew what hit them. 
Kane wondered how close that moment was. He’d never known anyone to outrun a death worm. Once the hunt was on, it was certain death.
Lethargy seeped into his leg muscles. His lips curled into a snarl. If he wanted to live, he was going to have to fight. He reached back, drawing the diamond blade from its bed. 
In the distance, he saw sprays of sand spewing into the air. He counted at least six. Six more death worms. 
Nice.
There was no way out of this. His pride and selfishness had sealed his fate. He’d disgraced his father. He’d orphaned Ever. And he’d lost the opportunity to see Fate again. To tell her how he really felt. 
It was hopeless. He slowed his pace. He’d still fight, but there was no way he could defeat so many. 
Closing his eyes, he filled his heart with courage. He’d go down fighting. He’d make this one last battle worth dying for. 
His thoughts flickered to the fight with the wraiths. What was that new and mysterious weapon he’d used against them? He’d never known power without the Crystal Pyramid nor bloodstone. Where had it come from? How could he summon it? He could certainly use it right now.
A low growl built in the back of his throat and with his hand gripped tight around the hilt of his blade, he stopped running. 
Kane spun around, swinging his sword forcefully, anticipating as a monstrous head broke through the arid sands. His blade narrowly missed the beast’s snout while blocks of encrusted earth flew in all directions. 
After shielding himself from chunks of airborn debris, Kane gawked at the fiend hovering hundreds of feet above him. 
Limbless and eyeless, the ashen death worm had millions of tiny hairs covering its lengthy body, over half of which were still underground. Its mouth was a gaping circular hole with endless bands of shark-like teeth that began at its lips and continued deep into its throat. A single suckered tongue flicked in and out as if tasting the air. Searching for its supper.
Kane was awestruck. Fear was momentarily thrust aside as he observed the monstrosity. He knew they were fabled to be big and fearsome, but this was inconceivable. 
The towering worm roared, signaling its attack. Bringing its head down like a hammer, it slammed the full weight of its upper body just inches from Kane. Moving out of its way, Kane turned a confused eye at the beast. Why didn’t it just take him? 
Again the creature brought its head down full force, narrowly missing the demon. Perplexed, Kane soon realized the worm’s disadvantage: it couldn’t detect him unless he moved. That’s what all the little hairs were for. Sensing vibration. 
Kane nearly chuckled with his discovery, but the laugh caught in his throat when he witnessed two more fissures arrive. The twin death worms emerged from beneath the surface, raising their heads high above Kane, slurping scents in the air with their long tongues.
Strangely, he didn’t feel as frightened as he thought he might be. Or should. Now that he knew they couldn’t find him unless he moved, he was determined he could outsmart them by remaining still. 
A stalemate hung in the air. The death worms wavered like undulating cobras. Waiting for the perfect moment to strike.  Waiting for a microscopic movement from Kane.
The other four arrived, creating havoc with the dry sands as the ground split apart, ushering them into the open air. 
All seven now surrounded Kane. He didn’t dare breathe. Didn’t dare move a muscle. He had no idea how receptive their senses were. It even worried him to blink. 
“Maybe if I stay still long enough, they’ll give up.”
It was the only plan he had and it seemed to be working—until a single bead of sweat fell from his brow.

The Destroyer

One tiny spot of perspiration. A single teardrop fallen from his forehead speckled the parched desert floor. It may as well have been a clap of thunder for the reaction it induced.
The seven beasts encircling him responded like a shiver of sharks: quick, instinctive—blood-thirsty. As if spring-loaded, their great necks snapped forward, plunging onto his location. Great craters formed with each impact, dirt and debris sprayed chaotically. Kane leapt out of the way, each time narrowly escaping becoming demon purée. 
He swung his sword with wild vehemence, striking the death worms as they attacked, but their thick outer skin was too tough for his sword to penetrate. He was running out of time. Sooner or later, one of them was bound to crush him with its massive head, or worse, he’d wind up inside a tunnel of teeth.
I have to get out of here! But how? 
He studied the landscape, but there was nothing. No mountains nearby. No boulders. Nothing.
He again cursed his flightless wings, then his mother for impairing the use of them. 
Kane ground his teeth hard enough to crack them. This was no time for self-sympathy. He was a warrior, and he had to get out of this. Now.
His thoughts flashed to the fight in Cryptica. A power like he’d never known had run through his blood. A dark and unmatched source of black magic. Where had it come from? And more importantly, how could he tap into it now?
He searched his soul. Where would it hide? Where in his subconscious did it rest, waiting to be discovered? 
He knew the answer. 
Fate.
She’s what inspired the power that day. The thought of her being hurt, or worse, killed, had given him some otherworldly power. 
Kane would have to summon the energy he’d used to save her—to save himself.

A growing pain swelled in her chest with every step they took from the Crystalline Forest. It seemed that Ick was gone for good. Vale had waited patiently while Fate searched, scouring the length of every tree and behind every boulder. He was just—gone. 
Vale swore he hadn’t harmed her little gargoyle. He’d even admitted he was surprised at Ick’s proficiency at eluding him. 
Deep down, Fate knew he was still out there. Somewhere. 
“So, tell me about Necrosia,” Fate asked, trying to keep her mind off her missing gargoyle.
 “It’s the biggest city in the realm,” Vale boasted. “We have over six thousand citizens.”
She nodded, feigning excitement when, in reality, her stomach was winding into knots. “What race are they?” She hoped none of them were wraiths.
“Mostly necromancers, oh, and a few shades. They’re against Malus. Part of the rebellion, so my master welcomes them,” he responded casually. 
She shuddered at the word shades. Ironically, she was more frightened of meeting her own kind than an unknown species. Mostly because everyone in the realm was so fearful of shades. There had to be good reason for their fears and Fate wasn’t sure she wanted to find out why.
“Necromancers?” she queried, mostly in attempts to steer the conversation away from shades.
“Yes,” he answered, “a very powerful…very secretive…race.”
“Oh,” she said, feeling less than certain about this journey.
“And that’s what your master is?”
He nodded, his posture confident as they walked over an open stretch of the desert. Fate examined him through scrutinizing eyes for a moment, comparing him to Kane. 
Vale was rough around the edges. He had an air of danger and mischief. His disheveled silver hair gave him the preverbal bad-boy image. Black jacket and leather pants, he was like an otherworld biker. He left her with a sense of spontaneity, excitement. 
Kane on the other hand was regal, though sad and radiating with internal scars. His pain was palpable. Tangible. Yet his kindness and quiet intellect had tattooed an unnamed emotion on her. She was drawn to him like gravity. Tethered. 
She lowered her eyes, replaying the moment he’d hurt her to the core. The distrust in his eyes. He had every right, really, what with her insatiable need for souls. There was always this lingering lust watching from the dark corners of her core. Frankly, she didn’t even trust herself most of the time. 
She recalled the meeting with the shaman, wondering if he’d found a way to keep her hunger at bay. 
If I hadn’t left so abruptly, she thought, then stopped herself. She had no choice. She had to leave. The demons didn’t want her there. Kane didn’t want her there. 
Vale nudged her arm playfully, shaking her from her quiet contemplations. “You’ll be blown away when you see it. It’s really quite impressive.” He grinned at her, though the twinkle of playfulness didn’t quite reach his eyes. Shadows of trepidation loitered behind those glowing, silver spheres.
What is he hiding? Fate wondered as anxiety nestled inside. She then asked, “How far is the city from here?” 
“Three day’s walk,” he replied distractedly, suddenly very interested in something overhead.
She turned her face upward, dark mists swirled in the distance, overshadowing the dangling rock icicles that lidded them from the Surface. As though it had a conscience all its own, it devoured any light in its midst.
The storm cloud rolled, its purple and black billows bruised and growling as though announcing vengeance for a lost battle. Claws of blood red lightning veined throughout the rapidly growing nimbus whilst furious winds churned and twisted within the center. A metallic odor overwhelmed the air, smothering the atmosphere.
Her sense of smell triggered a memory from the Surface. The scent of humidity hanging in the air, clouds clinging to the darkened skies, pregnant with precipitation, just waiting to release their tears upon the earth. That odor. She’d know it anywhere. The calm before the storm. The aroma of rain.
Only this was suffocating. Her undead lungs contracted defensively, rebelling against the repressive air.
“What is this?” she forced her voice around the atmospheric vice.
“We must hurry,” Vale said suddenly, his brows lowered in concern as he eyed the angry skies. “A…tempest is blowing in.”
“A tempest?” Fate repeated as a fierce wind raked her silver hair.
He nodded though didn’t offer further explanation. Taking her hand, he pulled her to a family of giant mushrooms ahead. 
“We should be safe under here.”
Spark peeped nervously, tightening his tiny grip on her shoulder. 
“It’s okay,” she whispered to the little bird, but from the look on Vale’s face, she wasn’t so sure.
“What is it?” Fate demanded.
Ignoring her, he yanked her to the center of the fungal forest, kneeling behind one of the largest. She reluctantly followed suit, annoyed that he wasn’t explaining. Why were they hiding from this storm? It couldn’t see them—could it? 
“What is it?!” she yelled from both anger and the rising noise of howling winds.
Vale stared at the dark mass forming overhead, stating with a tone engraved with fright, “Ba’al…has been summoned.”
“Ba’al?” she repeated, “Who—or what—is that?”
His ashen face paled further, an expression of sheer bewilderment crossing his face.
“He is the storm elemental of the underworld,” he uttered. “He can only be summoned by one being in all of Dark World.”
Fate held her breath, frightened by the fear lurking in Vale’s eyes.
“Who?” she inquired shakily.
Vale shook his in disbelief, then whispered. 
“The Devil.”

Clandestine

“Oh, there you are, my dear,” an elderly voice chirped from behind her. Ever turned from the old dragon to come face to face with Shaman Goretus. How the old, blind demon managed to sneak up on her, let alone traverse the labyrinthine castle by himself, was mindboggling. She would have sworn he could see plain as day if it weren’t for the fact that his eyes were completely absent from their sockets. 
“Good day, Shaman,” Ever responded with a smile. “How are you this fine day?” 
“I am well, princess,” he said, his sightless eyes shifting in the dragon’s direction. “Just visiting Arcanum, are we?” 
She nodded, wondering for a moment if the dragon had confided his identity to anyone else, but thought better of her worries, knowing he wouldn’t risk his life so frivolously. While she was certain the old Shaman was harmless, she knew even the most well-intentioned folk could be persuaded—or tricked—into divulging secrets. And this secret was one that could never be violated.
“I see, I see,” he muttered, absentmindedly fishing for something in his pockets. “And where is your friend, the shade?” He panned the space surrounding Ever as if trying to sense Fate’s presence.
“She…left.” 
The old demon nodded. “Well, if you see her again, here is the potion you requested.” He handed her a small vial carved from amethyst, the contents sloshed against the lavender walls as she cradled it in her palm.
“Potion?” Excitement stirred in her stomach. “To cure her?”
The elder shook his head. “Cure? It won’t make her human again, but it should suppress her hunger quite sufficiently,” he stated happily.
“Thank you! I will give it to her…” immediately, she wanted to say, but stopped. What was she going to do? Fate needed this. Without it she’d get worse, needing souls more and more to survive. 
She had to find a way to get it to her. Her father believed that Fate was the future of his people. Without her, they would soon be overtaken by the Queen. 
Ever’s gaze fell on Arcanum, his amber eyes shining as he read her thoughts. 
He nodded, accepting her proposal.

“Ego sum legio!” he called to the powers of darkness, whipping his obsidian sword overhead. “Ego sum legio!” 
His voice echoed like thunder, red lightning crackled and clawed the covered sky. 
A colossal face formed within the clouds, eyes glaring red and narrowed. Ba’al’s head emerged from the writhing tempest, his body a hurricane of black and purple. Enraged winds whipped the desert, stirring the sands and stinging Kane’s exposed skin like a swarm of hornets.
The seven death worms immediately lost interest in Kane, their full attention on the angry storm elemental. Relinquishing a squeal of terror, they attempted to burrow into the sand. 
Ba’al, however, appeared to have other plans for the loathsome worms. A mighty fist manifested from the billows of his atmospheric body, smashing down onto one of the less fortunate ones. The ground quivered under Ba’al’s clenched hand, a crater forming under the impact. Guts and grey goo sprayed in all directions, the death worm reduced to mere chum beneath the monolithic hammer.
Releasing a mighty roar that embraced both anger and macabre amusement, Ba’al took chase after another worm that was attempting to flee.
Kane saw his opportunity to escape. He wasn’t sure why—or how—Ba’al had been summoned. In fact, he was completely confused. Only the Devil could summon the great storm beast. 
His own words echoed in his head. Ego sum legio. What did it mean? And how did he know it? What was this strange power he could suddenly tap into? For three hundred years he’d dwelt within the subversive realm and never once had he any abilities beyond the norm. It was always the Devil who had all the power, all the magic of the ages swarming within their veins. First his father, now his mother. But why would she call upon the elusive elemental? Certainly not to save a son she believed to be dead, and not in the middle of the desert where she was nowhere to be seen. None of it made sense. 
All he cared about was that Ba’al wasn’t interested in squashing him at this particular moment, and he wasn’t going to hang around to see if the winds would change. The elemental wasn’t known for mercy. If you weren’t the Devil, look out! No one else mattered in the sky beast’s eyes. And Ba’al himself wasn’t the most fearsome part of his awesome powers—it was the rain.
Kane again made a break for the Crystalline Forest, still too many strides away. The wails of the death worms arced through the air, their cries of torture and demise reverberating off the distant volcanic mountains. 
Kane almost felt sorry for them. Almost.

The storm clouds dissipated overhead, lingering over a spot of desert in the distance. Roars and whale-like keening saturated the air. Fate shuddered, wondering what poor creatures had met their end with the one known as Ba’al.
“Come on, we have to move,” Vale’s voice harbored anxiety as he took her hand and pulled her from the safety of the mushroom cluster. It reminded her of the fungal forest she and Kane had encountered on their way to his kingdom.
Kane. Her thoughts lingered on his name, his image, his aura. Uninvited tears crowded her eyes. Why had he turned on her so suddenly? Was it simply her race that led him to despise her? Had she done anything to give him reason to distrust her?
She stifled a sob, not wanting Vale to know she was crying. 
He was her only friend right now. Her only salvation in this unforgiving world. She had no way of knowing where to go next. All her instincts drove her to seek out the voice that called to her, but she was certain she knew who that voice belonged to. Malus. And from what she’d learned of the current Devil, she wanted nothing to do with her. Or did she? Maybe the Queen was her destiny. Maybe she should surrender herself to whatever fate waited for her. 
“There, I think we’re far enough away now,” Vale said breathily, slowing his pace as he eyed the now distant storm.
“What was that thing?” Fate inquired, catching her breath. 
“Ba’al,” he reiterated. “The storm elemental.”
“Elemental?” 
“Yes, he’s a sylph, an air spirit. He can manipulate the air element at will,” he explained, raking a pale hand through his tousled silver hair.
“Sylph? I thought they were just a myth? And I thought a sylph was a delicate—fairy-like—creature.”
His eyes laughed. “Ahh, Surface myths, always good for a chuckle. You can’t believe what you heard on the Surface, the truth has been distorted over time. Sylphs can manifest however they like. Some are fairy-like. Some are like…him.” He tilted his head towards the horizon of blackness behind them.
“Elemental…so there’s one for each of the four elements?” 
“Five,” he corrected.
“Five sylphs for every one element?” She frowned.
Tossing her a ‘duh’ expression, he responded, “Five elements.”
She turned to him, an eyebrow arched. Maybe this guy wasn’t as swift as she gave him credit for.
“As far as I know, there’s only four,” she said lifting her hand and counting each of them off on her fingers. “Air, earth, fire, and water.”
He gave her a sideways glance, the one that people used when they knew something someone else didn’t. A secret.
Self-doubt nagged her. But no, four elements, that was right…wasn’t it?
“Okay genius, what’s the fifth?” She stopped walking and set her hands on her hips.
A surreptitious smirk slid across his lips. Annoyance crept into her system. This feeling was familiar. An image of her Surface brother, Greg, forced its way into her thoughts. She missed him and hated him all at once. 
Grinning, Vale leaned into her, his breath feathering across her cheek as he whispered, “Aether.”

Blood Rain

Kane ran for his life, the Crystalline Forest too far away to seek safety. Again he thought of his useless wings. The bane of his existence. If he could fly, he could climb above the clouds. Safety dwelt above the storm. A place he could not reach.
If the rains of the elemental fell upon his skin—even one drop—he would die an unimaginable death. The venomous liquid would spread throughout his system like a cancer, exploding each cell one at time. 
He imagined himself spreading his wings and propelling into the atmosphere, the blistering winds   kissing him, welcoming him back like a long-lost family member. 
But Kane knew better than to try. The steel circlets, barbed with their needle-like spikes, would show him no mercy, not even now, when he needed his wings most. 
Then it began. First, a metallic reek possessed the air, seizing his lungs like a vice, then the sound of a thousand dams bursting. A waterfall of blood fell from the covered sky. A veil of crimson horror pounded the earth behind him, drowning the sands, seeping through the cracks. 
The only way out was to fly—and he knew it.
The rains edged closer. His hooves beat the ground at a frenetic pace—but it wasn’t fast enough. The wall of blood was gaining on him. It would envelop him in seconds.
Exhausted, he was running out of options. He was tempted to test his wings. The pain would be excruciating. It had been years, centuries, since he’d even tried. But right now, he had no choice.
Bravely, he summoned the muscles on his back, his leathery wings extending. Slowly. Weakly. The barbs bit the center of his back, punishing him for his insolence. A warm stream of blood trickled down his spine, warning him not to proceed.
I have to! I have to try!
A breath of air grazed the underside of his wings. All he had to do was give one hard flap and he would take off. Hopefully. 
The cuffs chewed his skin, gnawing with every subtle movement, threatening to separate his wings from his body.
Pushing the pain away, his heart brimming with hope, he beat his wings for the first time in two hundred years.

“Aether?” Fate let the word roll off her tongue. “Isn’t that just a myth?” Her thoughts shifted to the Surface and the theories spun by one of her favorite scientists, Albert Einstein. 
Vale shook his head. “No,” he stated firmly, then continued. “Just because something hasn’t been proven by science doesn’t mean it’s not real. Aether,” he spoke softly now, waving his hand as through conducting an invisible substance, “is what makes magic possible.”
Fate caught herself staring at him. What an interesting character he was, so full of mystery, yet quite plainly human—in an undead sort of way. In most respects, Vale was similar to the boys she remembered on the Surface. Macho and cute, yet mildly annoying. The memory spurned an ache within. A longing to go home. 
A distant crack of thunder nudged her from her thoughts. Ba’al was still unleashing his fury. She hoped no creatures were being harmed in his wake. Glancing behind her, she noticed a burgundy curtain of darkness drape over the land. 
“What is that?” she asked, pointing at the shadow on the horizon.
Vale followed her finger, then replied, “Blood rain.”
She shuddered. “Excuse me?”
His eyes fell on her gravely. “Every one of the elementals has a terrifying power, each with the capability to destroy, maim, and desecrate,” he explained. “Ba’al has blood rain. Nephele, the water elemental, has surge, a tsunami of unfathomable proportions. Ardor, fire, can annihilate using huge fireballs…and I do mean huge.” His eyes widened and he set his hands widely parallel. “And Catal. She can summon devastating earthquakes with a mere flick of her finger.”
“And aether? Who is the elemental for that one and what can they do?” 
He shrugged. “I don’t know.”
Fate scrunched her eyebrows at him.
“My master knows, but won’t tell me anything,” he elaborated. “But I’ve heard rumors,” he said, kicking a wayward stone, sending it skipping over the dry sands. 
“Oh? What kinds of rumors?” 
He gave her a sideways smile. “That she’s not just an elemental…she’s a new race.”
 “New race? Like what?” 
“Dunno,” he said lackadaisically, raising his shoulders, then dropping them. “Just a myth, I’m sure.”
“Weird,” she said, noticing an enormous stone hedge coming into focus. “What’s that?”
He grinned. “The gates of Necrosia.”
Oh yah. Her face fell as she gazed at the barrier guarding the distant metropolis. Shades.

Monsters

Pain gripped his shoulder blades, the shackles tearing through his skin like shark teeth, razor-sharp and unforgiving. Kane cried out, but fought through the agony. 
Despite the torture and vice-like grasp of the circlets, he rose. Though it was only a few feet off the ground, exhilaration possessed him. How he’d missed this! 
Dark World’s hot breath rolled over his body, sending power to his wings. Lifting him. 
Warm, sticky blood streamed the length of his back, his flesh ripping with every stroke of his membranous wings. But he persisted. Ba’al’s bloody hurricane was falling behind, barely.
Come on, Kane! 
He pushed his body beyond the limitations. Beyond the burden. 
The Crystalline Forest was in reach now, the glimmering stalks cheering him on. If he could reach the forest, he could find shelter from the ghoulish red rains. 
Ba’al roared in the skies above, his battle cry seemingly meant only for Kane. 
If I could just get higher! 
If he could climb higher, reach the canopy of stone, he might be safe. But all too soon, his wings began to weaken. The shackles bit chunks of flesh from the stems that held his wings to his back, promising to tear them from his body if he didn’t stop. 
He felt the pull of gravity lure him to the dry sands, soon to be saturated with Ba’al’s scarlet poison.
Slowly, his hooves touched the earth and he again broke into a run. His hopes of salvation dwindled as his wings folded in on themselves. 
I’m not going to make it! 
He considered stopping, to allow the toxic rains to simply envelop him. What good did it do to fight? Everything he’d ever done seemed to end in failure. Maybe this world would be better off without him? Maybe everything he’d ever done to make Dark World stronger, only weakened it.
Kane made a decision. 
He stopped running.
Bravely, he turned to face the deadly squall, chin held high. The warrior within ordered him to fight while the soul inside was ready to face death. 
The rains, only meters away, raced at him with renewed lust.
That’s it then, he thought. I’ll just allow it to take me. 
His own cowardice disgusted him, but he realized it was for the best. Maybe he truly wanted to be with his father again. And Seren. Did the mourning ever truly stop? The pain? Would the longing for them ever cease? He’d rather just join them.
And now he was.
The curtain of blood was just inches away, just moments from ending his misery. 
No more. No more pain. 
Kane closed his eyes—and waited for the rains to wash him away.
Suddenly, he felt a powerful force seize him. A great strength grabbed hold of him by his waist, massive talons wrapping the circumference of his torso, elevating him high into the air. 
Ba’al’s wrath quickly fell into the distance, the deafening howl of his defeat thundered for miles. 
Bewildered, Kane looked up, face-to-face with the belly of a winged beast. Something had him. Something big.

A flock of shadowy birds, reminiscent of eagles, soared overhead. Their bodies hazy. Ghostly. Vale didn’t seem alarmed, so Fate simply admired them. 
This world was so odd, so foreign compared to the Surface. It moved different. Breathed different. Like an ocean devoid of water, this realm without a sun, without a sky, felt...wrong, unnatural, somehow. 
“So, who were you on the Surface?” Fate inquired as they strolled towards the great wall.
Vale raised his brows and gave her a curious grin. “Why?”
She frowned playfully. “Just nosey, I guess.”
He laughed out loud. “I was just a teenage boy.” His eyes shadowed over and he looked away. “A silly teenage boy.”
“What was your name?” Fate prodded.
 “Vincent. Vincent Kavanagh.”
Fate’s stomach dropped. She knew that name.
“Vincent Kavanagh! You…your sister…you were the first teens that went missing in Edmonton!”
He exhaled, a sad expression consuming his face. “Your memory serves you well.”
“Where is Sybil?” Fate probed, her voice fast and frenetic. She couldn’t believe it! All those years. All the mystery surrounding their disappearance, and here he was, flesh and blood before her. Alive. Sort of.
He gazed into the distance, a soft breeze ruffling his silver hair. “I don’t know, I haven’t found her…yet.”
Silence fell between them. Fate sensed his agony. 
“So, she was damned,” Fate offered quietly, “then you…went after her?”
He nodded. 
“How?”
A sigh escaped him. “I found out who had…hurt her,” he said, meeting Fate’s stare, “and I begged him to tell me what happened. What he’d done to her.” His sight locked on the ground. “And he did.”
Fate set a comforting hand on his shoulder, the only thing she could think of doing at the moment. No words would have sufficed. Nothing said could have ended his sadness.
He continued. “He took me to an opening in the forest, sacred land he called it,” Vale scoffed. “He told me to drink this…liquid…or he wouldn’t tell me any more. So I did.” 
Fate swallowed hard.
“Then he showed me what he did to her.” His teeth ground together, heat rose to his cheeks. “He did to me what he did to Sybil. He damned me…to Dark World.”
A flood of images suddenly unleashed in Fate’s mind. Her hands shook with the recollection of her own night of terror. The moon. The vial of liquid. Frozen before the moonlight. Sinking into the ground.
And, of course, she remembered Rory Dean. The one boy she’d dreamed of dating. Her crush. How he’d seemed so perfect. So worth it. 
Fury blended with regret. How could she have been so stupid? How could she have let him lure her into the middle of nowhere? How could he do what he did?
“So now you know,” he said quietly.
“Know what?” Her voice quavered.
“Why I have to get back to the Surface.”
She frowned, still not understanding.
“Revenge,” he stated with an evil glint in his eye.
“On the guy who did this? But, he’d be long gone. It’s been over a century since…”
“No,” he interrupted, shaking his head vehemently. “The ritual promises immortality.”
“Immortality?” Fate’s head began to spin, her skin crawling with disbelief. 
His eyes sparkled with frightening vengeance and she took a step back.
Through sharp, clenched teeth, he uttered, “He must pay. He must die.”
“Who?” Her voice hovered above a whisper.
His eyes narrowed with ferocious hate.
“Blake Dean.”

Truth

It felt like they’d been flying for hours, circling several plots of land as though the beast was screening each spot for signs of danger. 
While Kane’s fear of the creature eating him had subsided, he still wondered what its intentions were. Where had it come from? Why did it save him from Ba’al?
Finally, they descended, the peaks of Shard Mountain rising up from the arid sands. 
Here again? Kane mused. This was where he’d first seen Fate fall from the sky, wrapped in her silken black cocoon. A twinge of regret pulled at him. He’d done so many things wrong since then. He never should have hurt her. Never should have let her go. 
The ground came quickly as the beast lowered Kane gently to the earth. His hooves crunched against the dry sands. The metallic scent of Ba’al’s rain was replaced with the familiar aroma of smoke, courtesy of the surrounding volcanic mountains. 
Breathing a sigh of relief, Kane turned to greet his savior. Surprise washed over him when his gaze met with an old friend. A very old friend.
“Arcanum!” Kane gasped, a confused frown morphing into a smile.
The great dragon bowed his head, relinquishing a breathy snort that could have been mistaken for a chuckle. 
“But how? What?” sputtered Kane, unable to grasp how the creature had gotten free from the underground palace, let alone found and rescued him.
Arcanum lowered his massive body into a laying position, copper and gold scales shimmering. The great bridge below his brow rose and his lips curled gently back, as though returning a smile. 
Kane scanned the length of the mighty dragon, its large body spanning almost thirty feet before him. As his membranous copper wings tucked neatly into its side, Kane marveled at the grace of the ancient goliath. 
Kane patted the dragon’s muzzle, still perplexed at how he’d come so far from home. 
Arcanum, he thought, reminiscing. The king’s faithful mount. His father had named him only days before his untimely death, before that, he’d simply called him Dragon. Why his father felt the need to name him at that moment had always left an unsettled mark. Was there a covert message encoded within the dragon’s name? Did his father know of Malus’s evil plan? Did he know about the uprising of the shades days before it happened? All questions Kane might never know the answer to. All answers his father had taken to the grave.
His father’s death. Kane’s body tensed with the memory of that day. His father’s mutilated remains were discovered in the royal stables, splayed before the dragon’s pen, his chest cavity split apart. His soul—gone. 
Kane shuddered. How had things gone so terribly wrong? The demons once had it all: power, magic, and most importantly, control. Then, in one terrible moment, it was all gone. Stolen. Taken by the weakest creatures in Dark World: the humans. Of course, they were no longer weak, timid creatures after the apocalypse. They were strong, cunning, and riddled with dark magic. 
Releasing a frustrated exhale, Kane turned his eye to the bowing dragon before him. A smile tugged at his lips as he considered just how lucky he was that the dragon happened upon him in his hour of need. 
Movement near Arcanum’s shoulders caught his eye. A figure came into focus, climbing down from his back. As she reached the ground, her petite, ivory hooves touched the sands of Dark World for the first time.
Kane wasn’t sure whether he should be profoundly happy or furious.
“Hi Daddy,” she waggled her fingers, giving him an uncertain smile.
He practically ran to her, taking her into his arms, whispering, “Thank you, Ever, thank you!”

The dragon’s belly rose, dragging in a long breath, releasing with a deep snore. Her back rested against the crook of his neck, Ever winced as a twinge of guilt filtered through her. 
Poor old dragon, she thought, this may have been too much for him.
Dragons only lived three hundred years at best, and Arcanum was well over that. Well, at least his body was. His soul was even older.
 She gave a quick glance to her father seated across from her, sharpening his already sharp sword. Age had found its way to his handsome face lately. How she wished she could help. What did he need? Was there anything that could be done?
He needs to find the scrolls, she thought decidedly. And Fate. 
One didn’t seem any easier to obtain than the other. Dark World was a big place, it could take months—years—to find the shade. Not to mention, she might not want to come back to Legion. Considering how much her father had upset Fate, locating the scrolls might be an easier quest to embark upon after all.
From the legends she’d learned of the scrolls, they were spread from one end of Dark World to the other. Hidden within the cities of the five races—one in a secret location. With three missing from their guardian cities, the most logical thing to do was locate the other three. Wasn’t it?
Ever took in a steadying breath. “Father,” she began, catching his attention. “Why don’t we fly to Necrosia and see about obtaining their scroll? If we explain to them about the thefts and that we wish to keep their scroll safe, maybe…” her voice trailed off with a shrug of her shoulders, glancing to the north where the great wall snaked through the land, enclosing Necrosia.
He exhaled sharply, pondering her idea. Nodding, he responded, “Yes. But first, we will fly back to Legion.” 
“Legion? Why?” 
His eyes settled on her. “To drop you off.”
She stood, hands clenched. “No! I’m not going back! I’m going with you—to help you!”
He shook his head, calm and steadfast. “Ever, you have to understand, please, it’s not safe for you out here.” His blue eyes pleaded with her.
“I don’t care,” she insisted, her lower lip threatening to tremble, “I won’t be a prisoner anymore.”
He stood and walked to her, setting his large hands on her shoulders. “If your grandmother ever found out about you,” he started, “Ever, you can’t imagine the horrible things she could do to you. And to all of us.”
She pulled away, turning her back to him. A defiant tear slid from her eye and she quickly whisked it away. 
“I know it’s not fair,” he said, his voice sad. “Do you think this is the way I wanted my only daughter to live? In hiding? Don’t you think I want to show my beautiful girl to the world?”
A lump rose in her throat, wrapping her arms around herself.
He paused, taking a few deep breaths, then continued, “Ever, she will take over you. Do you understand? She’ll possess your body—push your soul aside, putting your essence to sleep for eternity. You won’t…exist. Is that what you want? Don’t you care?”
Ever spun around. “Of course I care!” she cried. “But I can’t live like a hostage anymore! Why does Malus get to be free when she’s the one who’s done wrong? We should face her, father, bring her down!”
“Don’t you think I know this?” he growled, his temper flaring. “She has ten thousand shades loyal to her, and I, I have five thousand demons who do not respect me because I’m not…” He stopped, choking on his words, then surrendered quietly, “…my father.”
 Ever felt his pain, a dark aura of loss blanketed him. She’d never seen her father in this low light, his sorrow palpable. In that moment she understood. She knew why he’d tried to keep her existence a secret. Not just because he didn’t want Malus to have her, not just for her own safety, but for his own sanity. He couldn’t lose anyone else he loved. It would destroy what fragile fragments were left of him.
She let her warm, pale hand rest on her father’s ebony shoulder, her eyes shifting to the sleeping dragon beside her. How she wished she could tell her father this secret. Would it even help him? Or would it make his bitterness grow even more?
She couldn’t tell him anyways, she’d promised never to tell.
If only he knew the truth.

Magic

“We’ll rest here for the night,” Vale announced, setting his pack down.
Fate took in her surroundings, once again astonished at the beauty such a dark world could hold. 
A field of pure white rocks lay before them, opalescent and shimmering, some stout and round while others towered.
“What is this place?” she inquired, a touch of awe dancing with her words. 
“The Opal Meadows,” he responded. “Pretty, huh?”
She scoffed his description. Pretty didn’t do it justice, nor beautiful. Frankly, she wasn’t sure any label would suffice. It simply couldn’t be described with words. 
Near the center of the field sat a circular array of the large opaque white stones. Obviously arranged by sentient hands, the rocks were formed into a pattern that reminded Fate of something she’d seen on the Surface. 
Stonehenge? 
She wandered closer, sliding a hand over the cool, milky rocks. It did indeed mirror the images she recalled of the monument. 
Why would it be down here? 
This place confused her more and more with each passing day. How could it harbor such beauty yet possess unimaginable horrors and barbarity? She shrugged, realizing that the Surface wasn’t very different. Up there, the world was filled with indescribable acts of violence, unspeakable sadness and injustice, but too, was lush with riveting splendor. This underworld was parallel to the land overhead, just different residents, animals, and setting. 
Her thoughts drifted to her last moments on the Surface. Up until that time, her life had been full. Serene. Loved by family, friends—then ended with brutality, taken from her world because of selfishness and greed. Then here, she’d been attacked by mythical creatures, nearly destroyed by vindictive wraiths, and as far as she knew, was still being pursued by a tyrannical Devil-Queen.
Fate shook her head. Was nowhere safe? Did utopia exist? Heaven? If this place existed, was there another above the Surface? Somewhere kind and peaceful to call home?
“The necromancers use this place to pray,” Vale’s reverent voice broke through Fate’s thoughts. 
“Pray?” Fate frowned. “To a god?” It seemed unlikely that the residents of Dark World would give homage to a Surface god. Or would they? She was intrigued.
He placed his hands onto the face of a large stone acting as a pillar for another set lengthwise overhead. Closing his eyes, he answered quietly, as though in a church, “They don’t pray to a god, they pray to energy.”
“Energy?” 
“Yes, the force that creates the magic we use,” he explained with the patience of a sensei. “It’s like…” He searched for the word. “Chi.”
Fate remembered Chi. Asian power conjured from within by the use of chakras and sheer will. A cosmic energy, invisible, yet powerful. “Why would they need to pray for it? Isn’t it just there?” She held up her hands, pretending to hold a transparent ball of power. 
He shook his head, glowing white eyes filled with a wisdom she hadn’t yet seen in him. “Not exactly, each of us in Dark World has a small amount of magic in us, but nothing like what we could have if we harnessed it properly.”
Small amount of magic! She marveled. Since she’d arrived, she’d seen more magic in five minutes than she’d seen on the Surface. It was preposterous to imagine anything stronger. 
“So,” she started, trying to understand, “the necromancers, they are very powerful because they…pray?” 
Vale chuckled. “Sort of, when you respect the energy as they do, you are rewarded with more.”
“Can everyone here do this or is it just the necromancers?” 
“Everyone can,” he stated, “but they do appear to harness it better.”
“Why is that?” Fate asked settling onto one of the squatter ashen boulders.
He shrugged. “Don’t know for sure, but I suspect it’s because they are more spiritual.”
Another word she didn’t expect to have precedence here. “Spiritual?”
Pulling something from his pack and kneeling, Vale poured what looked like silver soil onto the ground. He then set several medium sized opal stones overtop the strange pile of dirt.
“Spiritual,” he began, taking two flint rocks and clacking them together over his creation, “means ‘consisting of spirit’. It doesn’t have anything to do with religion.”
She felt her shoulders sag. I guess that means I’m not spiritual at all. Being that she didn’t have her soul anymore, how should she be ‘consisting of spirit’ without a soul?
Shaking off her self-pity, she became fascinated with Vale banging the rocks together. Occasionally sparks would ignite, sail towards the target, but fizzle before it reached its destination.
Clack. 
Spark. 
Clack. 
Spark. 
Suddenly, one of the sparks flew into the middle of his circle of stones, landing directly onto the pile of silver dirt. 
Ignition. Hot, white light exploded from the strange soil. Almost too bright to look at, the sun-like blaze ripped a hole of brightness through the dark backdrop.
“Magnesium,” Vale explained as he stood, then seating himself across from her. “Keeps most of the beasties away.”
Fate could do nothing but stare as the opal rocks shimmered with white light. She felt the urge to hold her hands out, above the unusual fire, as it was reminiscent of a campfire on the Surface. For a moment she even craved hot dogs and marshmallows. 
“What are you thinking about?” Vale probed, searching her face.
“The Surface,” she admitted freely. “I was thinking about the time I went camping with my family.”
He nodded. “You’re lucky to remember so much.”
She gave him a quizzical look. “You don’t?”
Vale shook his head. “Nope, I remember the days leading up to my death, my sister, and vague details of what the Surface looks like, but that’s about it.”
“Why do you think that is? That I remember so much and you don’t?” 
He shrugged. “Not sure, maybe because you’re female.”
“Female?” she repeated, but then remembered him telling her of the vast differences in abilities between male and female shades, hence why she was number one on Malus’s most wanted list.
It was odd that she didn’t appear to have any unique or super-impressive powers. There was that weird lightning ball she’d somehow manifested, then flattened Kane to the ground with it. And then she’d healed him, but other than that, she couldn’t take credit for anything cool.
“Who knows,” Vale said with an exhale, “maybe you’re just unique because of the prophecy.”
“What is this prophecy?” 
He leaned back on his large slab of opal stone. “It’s the second page of the Devil’s Bible,” he stated matter-of-fact, then recited, 

“There can be only one, upon the throne of blood. 
A ruler amongst fiends, a leader over beasts and sub-creatures. 
Old will expire, new will succeed, but only one is meant to be, meant to reign, meant to rule. 
The  Devil’s heir.”

Fate pondered the quote, rolling the words around in her thoughts, then asked, “Why does it have to be a shade? Why couldn’t it be…a demon?” Her thoughts shifted to Ever, the biological heir to Malus’s throne. Fate made a note to seal her lips against speaking of the sweet princess, in case Vale couldn’t be trusted.
His brows lowered in consideration. “Yes, but it would have to be a female descendent of Malus, and since she doesn’t have any…” his voice trailed off.
“She can’t possess a male demon?” 
“Yes and no,” he stated.
Fate gave him a confused look.
“The powers are incompatible. Unbalanced. Ying and Yang, if you will. The male body would recognize the foreign female spirit and there would be a fight for power inside the body,” he explained. 
“Couldn’t a female soul fight as well?” 
“Yes, I suppose,” he said with a half-hearted nod, “but because the body—the host—is familiar with the female essence, it doesn’t recognize it as a threat. The original soul is just…put to sleep, never knowing what is happening to the body.
“How do you know all of this?” 
“My master,” Vale replied. “He’ll teach you all this, and more.”
Fate’s spirits lifted. It was nice to have a friend again. A momentary tug at her heart left her wondering about her other friends. The princess. Kane. Were they worried about her? Were they upset at her for leaving? 
Fleetingly, she hoped they hadn’t tried to follow her. Guilt enveloped her. Maybe she shouldn’t have been so hasty. Maybe she should have let Kane’s cold remark slide. He’d spared her life, even saved it, when his instincts were obviously to destroy her. 
Hopefully they’d just forget about her. Keep themselves from harm.
If only she could forget them.

The geysers were lessening in the distance, their waters retreating as they signaled the return of daytime. 
Kane’s eyes lingered on his daughter’s sleeping figure just a few feet away. How could he keep her safe out here? She’d made it clear that she did not want to return to the underground palace, and for whatever reason, he couldn’t bring himself to force her. She’d been pent up long enough, a prisoner of a war she had not started.
But if Malus finds out…
He shuddered, knowing the Queen would instantly recognize Ever as her granddaughter. 
Kane’s gaze shifted to the dragon. It wasn’t going to be easy to travel with such a large beast. How was he going to get them safely to Necrosia? 
Just then, Ever stirred from her sleep. Sitting up and stretching, she took in her surroundings with a smile. 
“Morning, Daddy,” she said in a sleepy voice.
“Morning,” he replied. “How did you sleep?”
She nodded and grinned. “Very good, despite all the lumps and bumps.” She patted the ground beneath her.
“We should get going soon,” Kane commented, standing and slinging his pack over his shoulder.
She nodded slowly. “Can I…come with you?” Her voice was small and hopeful.
Kane sighed heavily, his heart torn. Finally, he surrendered. “Yes,” he said over her clapping and giggling, “but you have to do exactly what I say, do you understand? No questions asked.” 
“I promise!” Her blue eyes sparkled like sapphires.
“Now,” Kane said as he eyed the dragon. “What do we do with him?”
“What do you mean?” Ever inquired, taking a protective step towards Arcanum.
“Well, we can’t just fly around on a two ton dragon, can we? Malus will be alerted within minutes,” he explained.
A sly grin crept over her face. “Well,” she began, petting the dragon’s head, “you don’t know much about dragons, do you?”

New Worlds

The great wall loomed before them. Its dark form snaked over the landscape as far as the eye could see, obedient to every curve of netherworld’s physique. Amber magma burbled and rolled sluggishly through the winding moat, preventing the two shades from getting any closer to the barrier. 
Fate brought her gaze to the top of the wall, then the bottom, searching for a way over or through. The bricks of black stone stretched over twenty feet in the air, razor-sharp steel points protruding from the top like fangs. 
“Where’s the door,” she asked Vale in a hushed voice as though someone—or something—could be listening on the other side.
“It’s enchanted,” Vale said, raising his hands at the obstruction, then uttering quietly, “Expositus.”
On cue, a loud grinding disturbed the air followed by a grumbling underfoot. Before them, a large stone gate guided by steel chains lowered. Clearing the magma river, it slammed with a thud only inches before their toes. 
“Let’s go,” Vale said confidently, waving her forward as he stepped onto the temporary bridge.
Fate swallowed hard, fear of the unknown crawling under her skin like a thousand venomous spiders. What if this was a trap? She could be setting herself up for serious trouble. If she went in there, would she be able to get out again? Her sight fell on Vale. Could she trust him? 
He gave her a reassuring smile and gallantly offered his hand to her. “Come on,” he urged. “You’ll love it, I promise.”
Shakily, she placed her hand into his and walked over the threshold. 

 Ever laughed at her father’s petrified expression. His talons gripped tightly around the dragon’s shoulder scales, he looked ready to jump off—or vomit—at any given moment. The ground faded from view while Arcanum climbed higher and higher, diving and dodging the fang-like ceiling at breakneck speeds. 
“Been awhile since you’ve flown?” she hollered back at him, her body perched nearest the dragon’s head. Arcanum’s entire body, now the shade of chocolate, was perfectly camouflaged against the darkened stalactites.
Her father nodded, swallowing hard as though fearing he might lose his lunch. “Not used to…the maneuvering, I suppose,” he answered, his bluish-black skin paling.
“This is fun!” Arcanum commented to Ever.
Arcanum banked hard to the left, causing his passengers to cling harder. Ever sent him the message to take it easier, despite the joy she was getting from it.
“How did you know…he could do this?” her father asked.
“What? Change color?” She conjured a lie quickly, not wanting her father to know she could speak with the dragon telepathically and that he’d told her he was a chameleon years ago. “I saw him do it…in the garden.”
“Okay, but how does he know to do it right now?” her father asked but was promptly silenced when Arcanum decided to do a full roll through the sky, spinning the ground and sky into one. 
Ever giggled as she clung tighter to the dragon’s neck, but heard her father stifle what she thought might have been a scream.
Her long hair cascaded behind her, the wind running its transparent fingers over every strand. She raised her arms, closed her eyes and simply embraced the warm air as it rushed past her.
“Ever, please hang on,” her father pleaded.
She was free. Never had anything felt so wonderful. The scents, the sounds, the feel of Dark World, it was hope come alive. A dream made real.
“You must warn him to be cautious,” Arcanum urged suddenly, breaking her moment of serenity.
“Of what?” 
The great dragon leveled out, reining in his aeronautics to a tranquil glide. “The necromancers. They are very powerful beings, at one with the energies of the earth…both good and bad.”
She frowned. “There are bad energies in the earth?”
“Yes, tell him to be mindful…mistrustful if necessary. They will not relinquish their scroll easily.”
Ever nodded, though she had no idea how she could relay this message without giving away her secret connection with Arcanum. She pondered for a moment until she realized that the great wall was approaching quickly. Turning back to face her father, she summoned the words. 
“Um, Father, have you ever met any necromancers?”
He shook his head, looking both relieved and more comfortable now that the dragon’s flight had far less turbulence. “No, they are a very elusive race.”
She pressed on, hoping the conversation would fall into place. “Have you heard much about them?”
Her father sighed, his brows pressed. “My father told me stories of them when I was young, they are very powerful beings. Shapeshifters and manipulators of the dead.”
Ever’s nose wrinkled in disgust. “Manipulators of the dead! Whatever does that mean?”
He suppressed a smile. “I’m not exactly sure, and I’m not sure I want to.”
She saw her moment and moved in. “Are you sure we can trust them? Maybe they won’t want to give us their scroll. Maybe they work with the…dark energies.”
Her father rolled the thought around, then nodded. “Yes, they might be of the dark nature, that’s why I’m going in alone.”
“What?! I thought we were in this together!” Ever’s heart picked up pace.
“Ever,” he started in his most parental tone, eyes focused sternly upon her. “Remember when I said that if you were to come along, you’d have to do as I say, no questions asked?”
She nodded reluctantly and quashed the urge to roll her eyes at him. 
“I want you and Arcanum to stay in the Opal Meadows and I’ll continue to the gate alone.” 
Tears found their way to the corners of her eyes. “What if…something happens to you?”
He sighed, then reached out, placing his dark hand upon her alabaster arm. “If I don’t return after one night, fly home and seek help. Do you promise you will abide by my wishes?”
She contemplated tearing her arm from his gentle touch, throwing a tantrum and demanding he take her with him. She wished he would consider taking Arcanum, at the very least he’d provide protection and an element of intimidation. 
“Do you promise?” he asked again, squeezing her arm softly. “I can’t lose you, Ever, I just can’t. Please promise me.”
The princess closed her eyes and said in a defeated voice, “Fine, I’ll do as you ask.”

Macabre

The drawbridge groaned shut behind them, then sealed with a resounding slam. Fate felt panic claw its way to the base of her throat as she surveyed the sprawling metropolis of Necrosia. It was so much bigger than she’d imagined. So many powerful beings in a single area. A nervous flutter occupied her stomach and she wondered again if this was a good idea. How well did she really know Vale? Could he be trusted? She tried to calm herself with the notion that he was also from Edmonton when he lived on the Surface, somehow hoping there was an invisible bond of trust that held them together because they were both human. In another life, anyways.
They moved forward into the strange city, the odd cobblestone streets catching her attention. Rounded stones half buried beneath the reddish soil, only, on closer inspection, she realized that they weren’t stones—they were the tops of skulls.
She lifted her gaze. Took a good look around. Took in all in. Then let the horror sink in.
Bones. 
The entirety of Necrosia was built from the bones of various beasts and humanoids. Skulls, ribcages, femurs, and more, were all on display, arranged into a plethora of macabre structures. Assembled like pale bricks, the skeletal remains stretched across the city. All sizes, from tiny to colossal, the bones acted as walls and ceilings for the patrons. Held together by what appeared to be gold twine, they were at the very least, articulately placed. 
Fate thought she might have to physically close her mouth, her jaw being agape for so long as she absorbed the creepy nature of the necromancer city. She wrapped Deme’s pitch cloak tighter around herself, hoping the material would hug her in return, giving her the courage to move forward through this ghoulish city of the dead. 
“Vale, you’ve returned,” a monotone voice said from behind them.
Vale spun around with a grin of recognition. “Xia, this is my friend, Fate.” 
Fate turned and locked eyes with Xia—a necromancer. She was not at all what Fate would have imagined one of her kind to look like. Skin of pure silver, it shimmered with her every movement. It even had a water-like quality to it, undulating. Like liquid steel.
At least a head taller than Fate, she was clothed in a semi-translucent gown of ivory with circlets of gold clasped onto her lean arms and wrists, the dress flowed eloquently over her toned body. It reminded Fate of the ancient Greeks’ attire on the Surface. 
Long blue hair cascaded over her shoulders with the grace of a waterfall, spilling over breasts and curling every so stylishly at the tips. A strand of beaded gems, alternating rubies and sapphires, collared her swan-like neck. 
It was her eyes, however, that mesmerized Fate. Akin to a spiral galaxy, they spun with shades of silver and blue, coiling into a glowing center. They were intoxicating. Hypnotic. And cold.
“Did you just return?” she asked, ignoring his introduction to Fate.
He nodded, adding, “I found her in the Crystalline Forest,” he said, tilting his head in Fate’s direction. “She was born alone,” he lowered his voice, glancing around as he spoke.
Xia’s churning eyes widened marginally and an eloquent eyebrow raised. “Well, Vrill will be most intrigued with this development.”
Before Fate could ponder their conversation further, a deafening gong rang out. 
Hordes of silver-skinned necromancers emerged from their bony dwellings, filling the square in which she, Vale and Xia stood. 
“Shall we?” Xia extended an arm to Vale, who in turn, graciously accepted. As though they’d forgotten about her, the two moved ahead, leaving Fate to trail behind with uncertainty climbing into her psyche.
The throng filed towards a large building in the center of the city. An enormous stadium. Akin to the Olympic stadium on the Surface, the bleachers filled with excited onlookers. Many of them shades.
“I thought you said there were only a few shades living here!” Fate hissed at Vale who wore a cool smirk as he and Xia meandered toward the seating area. 
“There is,” he stated. “A few hundred.”
Her eyes darted about the arena nervously. “And…they’re all rogues like us?”
“Look! The races are about the start!” he exclaimed. “Come on!” 
Spark peeped quietly into her ear. Fate’s gaze swept over a few shades sitting close by, hunger in their eyes as they eyed the tiny phoenix perched on her shoulder. She immediately took hold of him and tucked him into her pack. It hadn’t dawned on her that she was putting him in danger, but now her stomach churned with worry for the little bird. How could she have forgotten that shades were soul-thirsty beings without mercy? Hadn’t she heard that enough from the demons? The wraiths? What was she thinking bringing her poor little friend along? It was a good thing, she supposed, that Ick had gone missing, they would have eaten him alive. Literally.
The gong sounded again. Roars of excitement thundered through the stadium.
Fate leaned over to Vale and asked, “What’s going on?” 
“We got here just in time!” He grinned. “The games are about to begin.”
“What games?” She was becoming impatient with him. His demeanor had changed since they’d entered the city. 
He shushed her and joined the raucous masses in their cacophony of cheers. Huffing loudly and firing a glare of displeasure in Vale’s direction, she turned her attention to the impending festivities. 
A dozen necromancers, clad in crimson capes, sat in high back chairs at the head of the arena, their silver skin rippling. 
All at once, they stood and silence fell over the crowd. The twelve necromancers raised their heads and hands to the covered sky, uttering low words of enchantment. Their voices hollow, blending in a chant. 
Fate looked up, bits and pieces of the sky was falling. Chunks of soil rained onto the floor of the stadium. 
What on earth are they doing?
She’d given up on asking Vale what was going on. He’d fallen unresponsive. Ignoring her.
What was she doing here? Hadn’t she learned not to follow strange boys? 
This was a bad idea.
Her thoughts fell on the demon city. Why hadn’t she just stayed? What did it matter how Kane felt about her? Who cared if he didn’t trust her? Or hated her? At least she would have been safe. At least she would have had Ever. And Ick. Regret clawed at her heart. How she wished she could turn back time.
Streams of dirt cascaded from Dark World’s roof, until one, two, then three objects fell from the canopy, landing with a thud. More and more plummeted until the number hit twelve. She narrowed her eyes, straining to see beyond the cloud of dust. 
What are those? Are they…rocks?
The necromancers that had performed the—whatever it was—then shifted their focus to the lumps strewn about the field, chanting and emitting beams of red light from their hands, light which reached out and touched each of the objects. 
Soon, they started to twitch. 
Then stand. 
Fate gasped as she realized what she was looking at. Bile rose into her throat. 
Oh my god! Are those what I think they are?
Unstable and wobbly upon twisted legs, torn garments barely masking the glimpses of bone and rotted flesh. Pasty skulls peeked through fine, wispy strands of hair on their crowns. Open sores on their faces wept blackened blood while what remained of their teeth dangled precariously from decomposed lips and gums. 
As though pulled with invisible strings to the head of the arena, the twelve dragged themselves like lolling, unsteady puppets to where the red-cloaked necromancers sat. 
The crowd cheered as the humanoid creatures marched closer to what appeared to be the start of the race. 
A voice boomed excitedly overhead. “Welcome to the 300th annual Zombie Races!”
“Zombie Races?” Fate repeated, both disgusted and curious. 
Vale turned to her, explaining, “Yah, there’s a graveyard on Surface above us.” His chin lifted slightly, pointing upwards. “Every year, the necromancers summon the dead and…well, here we have it.”
Fate was appalled. “You watch this? Like some kind of underworld Olympics?”
He grinned. “It’s really fun, just watch.” His eyes pleaded with hers momentarily, then Xia, who’d apparently been eavesdropping, added in an arctic tone, “It’s a tradition.”
Fate couldn’t believe it. Such disrespect for the dead. On the Surface, people who died were buried in graveyards and given reverence. Put to rest, or so she thought, anyways. This was no way to treat the dead—or undead—for that matter. 
Fate turned a reluctant eye to the scene below.
Almost all of the zombies were so badly decayed that they came across as androgynous, neither male nor female—except for one. She stood out from the rest. Petite, blonde hair in a short pixie cut (wild as it was) and clad in a pink prom dress which was tattered and shredded like a morbid Barbie doll. Her skin looked almost intact, nearly pleasant compared to her competitors. She didn’t appear to have been dead for long.
A spark of red electricity suddenly lit up the sky, popping and exploding like a firecracker. 
The race was on.
With moans and groans, the zombies willed their clumsy bodies forward around the track. Eyes lolling from their sockets and useless legs dragging behind a few, the poor creatures pulled themselves around the arena. Fate watched in disgusted horror as they tripped, bit and beat on one another. Some even tossed bits and pieces of their eviscerated bodies on the track like a slippery banana peel in waiting. 
Roars of laughter thundered around Fate, the cruel heckling and jeering molding a knot in her stomach.
This just wasn’t right. How could Vale—or anyone else—think this was humorous? Didn’t they see that this was sick?
“What do they get out of this?” Fate asked crossing her arms over her chest, her voice cool and empty as she nodded towards the zombies clambering round the field.
Vale turned, a glimmer of compassion rising behind his glowing eyes. “The winner,” he started, “is brought back from the dead.”
Fate felt her eyes widen. “What? They can do that?” she asked, bewildered.
“Yes,” he said with a cryptic smile. “That, and so much more.”
“So, one of those…things,” she said with some effort, “gets to be human again?”
He raised his eyebrows twice and stated, “No, something much better.”

Uncertain 
Destinations

Arcanum’s scales shifted from chocolate brown to creamy white as he landed softly on the ground amidst the pearly stones of the Opal Meadows. He huffed once, tucking his talons beneath his body and quickly settled in for a nap. Ever crawled down from the mighty dragon’s back, Kane following behind. 
The beast’s breath came in long, arduous drags, an occasional tendril of smoke escaping his flared nostrils. A trickle of guilt meandered through Ever. 
Poor Arcanum, he’s too old for this kind of adventure. 
Her lips downturned, she then glanced at her father. His brow was pinched, eyes glowing dim, movements slow. She suddenly realized what was wrong. 
“Father, have you had any bloodstone today?” He didn’t need to answer, his expression spoke volumes. Seating herself on a large opal boulder, she immediately reached for her pack, fished around for several of the powerful stones and extended her hand to him. “Here, take this.”
Thankfully, he didn’t need much persuasion. Upon accepting it, his talons tightened around the stone. He then tilted his head back, mouth open, and savored the liquid magic. Sitting across from her, his eyes closed, he allowed the enchantment to enrich his blood.
“You can’t let yourself get so weak,” Ever stated as she reached for her own bloodstone supplement, squeezed it and let the thick, red sustenance rain down the back of her throat. 
His eyes opened and he nodded, not meeting her stare. A sense of disquiet drifted from him.
“What’s wrong?” she inquired.
He sighed, his eyes searching for the right words. “I…don’t know what to do.”
“What do you mean?” 
His large, black shoulders slumped. “I don’t know if acquiring all the scrolls is the right thing to do. What if…what if I obtain them all and…” His voice trailed off.
“And what?” she prodded carefully.
“And it’s a mistake,” he surrendered.
“How could it be wrong?”
“What if I bring them altogether and it opens the fissure to the Surface? And I end up helping Malus rather than stopping her?” Worry pulled at his forehead.
Ever pondered his words carefully, then replied, “Do you know what each of the scrolls say? Do they say that simply bringing them together will open the crevice?”
Her father shrugged, a grave expression crossing his face. She understood his conundrum. Regardless of who brought the pages together, Malus or her father, the fracture could be inadvertently opened and all Hell could break loose. Literally. 
“Do you know what our scroll said?” she asked of the page that had dwelt in the demon city.
His eyes lit up, gaze meeting hers, and he cracked a small, humble smile. “Yes.”
She grinned back. “Well? What did it say?”
He turned his face upward, his thick, dark brow crinkled in concentration. His baritone voice recited,

“I am legend,
I am lore,
I am the essence of nightmares,
The dawn of fear,
A fallen angel,
A winged beast,
Spawn from the seeds of evil and black magic,
I am Lucifer,
Lord of the dark.”

The dark poetry bled from his lips, sending a shiver down Ever’s spine. Her grandfather’s words. His legacy, spun like gold from her father’s mouth. 
“That…was beautiful,” she whispered, certain she saw her father blush. “What does it mean?”
“That’s the problem,” he started, grimacing. “One page—one sonnet—is useless without the others. But when brought together…”
“Wouldn’t they all have to be spoken aloud? Like an enchantment?”
He bobbed his head once, but still looked unconvinced. “Yes, I suppose. I just don’t know if I should do it. Maybe it’s the biggest mistake I’ll ever make. I don’t know if I should take that chance.” His eyes closed and his hands wringed in torment.
“Daddy,” Ever began, taking in a steadying breath. “Sometimes you have to take chances in life. You can’t dwell on what might be. If you live that way—you’ll never truly live, do you understand? Life isn’t about the risks you don’t take; it’s about the journey and the mistakes in between. Life isn’t looking for you—it’s out there, waiting for you to find it.”
He stood, his arms open and tears gathering into the corners of his eyes. Ever rose, meeting him halfway, embracing him.
“How did I get such a smart, beautiful daughter?” he asked quietly, stroking her long silver hair.
She laughed against his chest. “Must have gotten it from my mother.”

Suddenly the races didn’t seem so bad. If the winner was awarded with the chance of living again, Fate had to find it in herself to accept the grotesque competition as a positive thing—as disgusting as it was.
It was obvious who she was rooting for: the feisty girl in the pink dress. Already she’d proven far more resourceful than the rest, what with using the trailing intestines of others as a lasso and roping them like babies calves. Unlike the rest of the zombies, she seemed to be the only one strategizing. Planning her attacks. 
“How many times do they have to run around the track?” Fate inquired, her voice low as she leaned into Vale.
“Three,” he replied, his eyes focused intently on the arena below.
Fate held her breath a moment as one of the larger zombies set his sights on the girl in the pink dress. He swung his large, lumbering arm in her direction. The girl ducked, but only narrowly missed being struck by a powerful blow. The giant zombie then swung the same arm at another competitor, hitting the poor soul in the face thus sending its head flying off of its body. Fate gasped, holding her hand to her mouth and taking deep breaths, hoping she wouldn’t faint. 
To her chagrin, the crowd, including Vale, laughed hysterically at this. Fate scowled at him, but he pretended not to notice. 
“The contestants are rounding the last lap!” the announcer yelled excitedly through the loudspeaker as the group of dwindling zombie runners persevered round the arena. Only seven remained in the race. The bodies of five, damaged beyond repair, lay inert on the track.
An uninvited flutter of excitement went through Fate’s stomach as her favorite little zombie raced ahead of the others. Tattered pink dress streaming behind her, a glow of determination graced her decomposing face. But the pack of rabid zombies behind her had suddenly picked up pace—and appeared to have a plan. Working together, four of them ganged up on the young girl, charging her from several directions. 
“No,” Fate whispered under her breath. 
Vale’s glowing eyes shifted towards her, a smirk playing on his lips. Irritated at his smugness, Fate leaned back into her seat, crossing her arms over her chest with a huff. How dare he think she was enjoying this? This was beyond barbaric! What a terrible way to entertain themselves. 
The necromancers should be ashamed of themselves! 
Though Fate tried to look away, tried to ignore the callous acts before her, she couldn’t help but worry about the little girl in pink. 
The pack of bullies threw their heavy, decayed bodies at her in attempts to halt her progress, but at the very last moment, she stopped mid-stride and sprang out of the way like a gymnast, causing her attackers to run into one another with a putrid smack! 
Beside herself with relief, Fate clapped eagerly, then hollered, “Yay! Good job!”
What remained of her competition fell far behind, leaving the young zombie girl with only meters left to run.  She’d won. She would be rewarded with renewed life. A second chance. Fate felt a twinge of jealousy fire within. She wished she could have a second chance. Another moment on the Surface as a human. As Scarlet. What would she do with such a gift? 
A swell of cheers erupted around Fate, the little zombie in pink was everyone’s favorite. Grinning, Fate watched as the petite abomination ran clumsily across the finish line, her decayed arms raised in triumph.
Fate nudged Vale’s shoulder. “So when do they make her human again?”
His brow furrowed and he shook his head. “Human? I never said she’d be human.”
“But,” Fate stammered. “You said they’d reward her by giving her life back?” Fate’s heart sank in her chest. Had he lied?
“They will bring her back to life,” he explained with a cryptic twinkle lighting his eye. “She just won’t be human.”

Second Chances

Kane made Ever swear at least a dozen times she wouldn’t follow him to the gate of Necrosia. No matter what. If he didn’t return by the next day, she and Arcanum were to fly back to Legion and get help. He didn’t have a clue if the necromancer’s were to be trusted. For all he knew, they could be loyal to Malus. He couldn’t risk the Devil finding out about Ever, her true heir. Malus would be unfathomably powerful if she transferred her soul to Fate’s body, but if she knew of Ever’s existence, and possessed her, Malus would be unstoppable.
The dark gate loomed before him. Necrosia lay shrouded on the other side. What awaited him there? Who were these mysterious and elusive beings that had remained veiled for hundreds of years? Why did they hide so?
And how was he supposed to open this door? 
“Hello?” he hollered, his deep voice slicing the hot, still air. Neither a breeze nor ashen snow fell as he stood waiting. Alone. 
Far from the range of volcanic waterfalls, near pitch darkness owned the skies. Kane again wished that Dark World harbored just an iota of the Surface’s wonders. A moon. Stars. Something to light the way. Something to squelch the loneliness of the dark. If not for his infrared sight, he’d be blind. Lost in a cloaked realm that was forever a prisoner of the night.
The stars, he thought, lingering on the memory of Fate in the planetarium. How she had lit up his dark world, and he had been too afraid to tell her. Would he ever find her? Would he get a second chance? 
His head hung, he realized just how much he wanted to see her again. Needed her. 
Amidst his longing, Kane suddenly felt eyes upon him. Someone—or something—was watching him. He yearned to reach back and retrieve his sword, but hesitated. It wouldn’t induce trust if he were to arm himself straight away. He would wait. For now.
His indigo eyes scanned the width of the wall, and while he could see no one, he could still feel them watching. 
Am I just being paranoid? Kane wondered as he started to pace alongside the blistering river of lava that separated him from the wall.
The eerie silence gnawed at his stomach, taunting his warrior instinct. Something wasn’t right. The air felt wrong. As though manipulated. Charged.
Movement caught his eye, high above him. Two sets of eyes, swirling silver amid pools of black ink, glared down from the ledge of the wall. Kane contemplated backing away slowly, then decided to hold his ground. Whatever these things were, he knew they had the upper hand. 
The two beings sat statue-still upon the wall, perched, as though scrutinizing every inch of the uninvited stranger. Kane narrowed his eyes, focusing on the two creatures. What were they? Were these necromancers? 
The two figures suddenly took flight, their glimmering eyes locked onto Kane as they circled the sky like vultures. Tracking them, Kane could now determine that they were owls. Huge, silver owls. Feathers the color of steel and rippling like liquid metal, they continued their surveillance for several minutes before simultaneously diving to the ground in front of Kane. In the blink of an eye, both of the owls liquefied, their metallic skin pooling like smelted steel, then slowly melding into a new shape. A human shape. 
Sheathed in dark blue cloaks, hands tucked into the sleeves, the monk-like beings gazed at Kane. 
“Hello,” Kane offered first.
Their eyes twinkled, spinning in one direction like a whirlpool of stars. 
“What do you want demon prince?” one asked, his voice hollow and wary. 
He knows who I am? 
Disconcerted, Kane responded, “I come to speak with the guardian of your scroll. It is urgent in nature.”
The two necromancers turned and gazed into one another’s eyes as though communicating through unspoken means, then nodded at Kane. “Very well, follow us”
They turned, leading Kane towards the tall, dark barrier, and summoned the gate to open. A large, heavy drawbridge lowered before them. 
Kane looked back, a final glance at the lonely desert, and hoped Ever would keep her promise. 

Fate watched the activities in the arena with intensifying curiosity. The zombie girl in the pink dress had won the race and, according to Vale, was to be rewarded by being brought back to life. A second chance at existence. 
Vale said she wasn’t going to be human though. If the zombie girl wasn’t to be rewarded with the gift of becoming human, what would she be? She intended to ask Vale just that, but when she tried, she was abruptly silenced with an impatient shh by his necromancer friend, Xia. 
Fate pressed her back against her seat, arms over her chest and teeth grinding in irritation. This place—this city—was getting on her nerves. Maybe it was the hunger. Since she’d arrived, she’d felt the beginnings of the ache crawling through her system. The unicorn’s soul had only sustained her for a few days. Less than the sphinx had. Her hunger was gaining momentum. The monster inside was growing, demanding more. Her humanity was being held by a thread—a thin one.
Oddly, the necromancers carried only a weakened scent. As if their souls were smaller somehow. Quite like the shades, empty. The demons’ scent had been mouthwatering, impossible to ignore. Here, Fate felt no need to wear the intrusive mask, the necromancers held no interest for her. Almost as though they were protected from her lust. Shielded.
After the mangled bodies of the unsuccessful zombies were cleared away, a hush fell over the crowd. Everyone watched in awe as a large slab of what looked to be clear block of crystal was carried onto the track. The twelve red-robed necromancers waited patiently, the zombie girl standing quietly by their side, while the stage was being set. Upon setting the block of crystal ice atop four supports, the necromancers led the dead girl by the hand and assisted her to laying. With her torn and bloody pink dress draped over the side and short, blonde hair defying gravity, she crossed her arms over her chest with the drama of a vampire settling into his coffin, and closed her eyes. 
An altar, Fate considered, feeling her eyes widening. Everyone in the crowd carried the same expression. Wonderment.
The twelve necromancers surrounded the altar, their hands and faces raised to the covered sky. Low chanting echoed through the stadium, words of magic dancing on the air, summoning. The air churned with energy. Hummed with power. Even from where she sat, she could sense the dark arts breathing, coming to life.
Blue and white lightning sparked, clawing the girl’s body from the cloudless sky. Fate noticed Xia, her head hung and eyes closed. Glancing around, she saw that all the necromancers in the crowd looked as though they were meditating. As the power surged on the field below, bluish streams of light began to flow from each of the necromancers in the audience. Feeding the zombie girl’s broken body. Nourishing it with life.
The energy pulsated. Grew. Began to climax as it gathered force from the crowd. Fate’s heart raced as a sapphire force field cocooned the girl. The twelve necromancers spun enchantments from their lips at a furious pace. With pressure thickening the air, Fate wasn’t sure how much more she could take. 
Then, without warning, there was an ear-splitting crack. Releasing the breath she didn’t realize she was holding, Fate watched as the energy field burst into a million sparkling pieces, showering the crowd with blue glitter.
A curtain of turquoise draped the air, veiling the field from her sight. A dense, bluish fog swarmed the stadium, then suddenly lifted as though someone had commanded it. 
Fate hastily scanned the length of the arena, searching for her favorite little zombie in pink. But she was nowhere to be found. Lying on the slab, where the petite dead girl had been only moments before, was a new, sleek, silver body.
A necromancer.

Assumptions

The silver beings strolled ahead of him, guiding him through the gaping mouth of the black wall. Their bodies were lean, moving with smooth, graceful strides. They didn’t look back. Didn’t speak. 
Kane fought to disregard the knot in his stomach, which soon proved to be an impossibility as a city made entirely of bones came into view. 
The drawbridge rose behind him, sealing him in with the echo of a tomb. His thoughts shifted to his daughter, waiting for him on the other side. He swallowed hard, his heart beating too fast. Could he trust these beings? Should he? The energy they emanated felt both calm and powerful, yet there was an unsettling sensation buried beneath. One that Kane couldn’t name.
He followed them down a path to the right, his ebony hooves clicking on the odd cobbled streets. On either side of him sat building after building comprised of skeletal remains, forged into homes and markets. The empty eyes of a thousand skulls gazed at him, like sightless sentinels lingering within a city of the dead. 
Poor souls, Kane sympathized, his heart aching with the memories of his lost father and wife. He knew their bones were not amongst the city’s collection, but the thought of all the people who might be missing their loved ones, possibly hidden amongst the bony rubble, tore at his soul. 
He eyed the mysterious creatures ahead of him. Where were they taking him? Glancing around, he wondered where the rest of the necromancer society was. The streets were that of a ghost town. Neither a murmur nor a whisper wafted from behind closed doors. Nothing.
It was then that a terrific explosion ripped through the languid air, startling Kane. Blue mist radiated from a huge building to his left. He stopped in his tracks, as did his two ushers ahead of him. They casually glanced to their left, noting the happening with vague interest and a smile, then proceeded along the path. 
Kane followed, though his nerves were rightfully rattled. 
It was then that hordes of people began pouring into the center of the street, seemingly from the origin of the blue fog. Hundreds of necromancers surrounded him, their steely, liquid-like skin shimmering with each movement, eyes of swirling diamonds fastened on him. 
But he didn’t see any of them. His sights were locked on the dozens of shades now occupying the boulevard. 
His lips curled back involuntarily. Hand reaching for his sword, he drew it and prepared to fight.

“I just want to meet her,” Fate stated to Vale and Xia as she made her way to the center of the field where the newborn necromancer was being fawned over by her twelve red-robed parents.
She approached the cluster, hoping the new necromancer would be capable of speech. Memories of her first encounters with Kane flooded back and his surprise that Fate could speak Attra. 
How do I know their language? Her mind sifted her recollections of the Surface. Latin. She decided with a nod, thankful she’d studied so hard in school. It’s very similar to Latin. 
A longing tugged at her heart. She wished she could go back, relive every moment of her human life and appreciate it. Do it better. Fate wondered what Shelby was doing. Her parents. Even her brother. Were they still out looking for her? Had Rory been brought to justice? 
Rory. Anger lit in her fragmented soul. How could he have done this to her? If he had truly become immortal, as Vale suggested, he would continue doing to this to countless people for centuries to come. Fate seethed, her blood boiling with the notion that more would suffer as she did. But she was stuck down here. Rory was free, alive, on the Surface. There was nothing she could do. Was there? 
Vale and Xia held back as Fate approached the circle of necromancers. The little zombie girl in pink, previously decaying and covered in rotting flesh, now displayed a perfect body covered in shimmering, metallic skin. Her once wild and blonde hair was now sleek and dark blue. The pink dress, apparently evaporated during the transformation, had been replaced by a downy-soft, navy robe. 
Fate waited patiently for her turn with the newborn. Finally, the crowd parted and she approached to the girl. 
“Hi,” Fate began, wondering if she should offer her hand in greeting. “I just wanted to congratulate you on your win.”
The girl turned her head, inspecting Fate with her new swirling eyes. A lengthy moment went by before the girl spoke. “Thank you,” she said with a soft smile arcing her chrome-like lips, voice tinny and hollow, but hypnotizing in texture.
Anxious to learn more, Fate inquired, “Do you remember much about your life on the Surface?” Fate was anxious to reminisce about home. To remember with another who had been there so recently.
 “The Surface?” the girl repeated, her smooth forehead, devoid of eyebrows, furled.
Fate’s heart dropped a little. The girl didn’t remember. A comforting arm suddenly appeared on her shoulder, a familiar voice soothed her, “She doesn’t remember,” Vale confirmed, “she’s not like us.”
“Why?” Fate asked, her voice small.
“They are brought back to life, but they don’t receive their original souls,” he explained.
She turned, giving him an incredulous look. “Then whose soul do they get?”
He gave her a small smile. “They share one.”
Fate’s eyes widened. “They share one?”
He nodded as Fate assimilated the information. How do thousands of beings share just one soul? She wondered if that was why the necromancers’ souls didn’t appeal to her. Why the monster within remained at bay. Maybe this one soul was spread so thin between hosts that it didn’t leave anything for her to consume.
Fate turned back to the former zombie girl, still intrigued. “Do you…have a name?”
“The elders have named me Aura,” she stated, her radiant eyes blazing even brighter. 
Upon returning a smile, Fate heard a tiny peep emanate from the pouch on her hip. “Spark!” She hastily opened the bag and released the tiny phoenix. She’d completely forgotten about him! Poor thing was likely going crazy being kept captive in the small purse.
The tiny flaming bird darted madly about the arena, ping ponging off imaginary walls, leaving trails of orange fire behind him. Fate and Aura shared a giggle as they watched him literally burn off some energy. After a few moments, Spark returned and settled onto Fate’s shoulder, his chest fluttering from exertion. 
“He’s beautiful!” Aura said.
“Thanks,” Fate responded. “Would you like to hold him?”
Aura held out her hands with the enthusiasm of an eight-year-old. Spark dimmed his fire, allowing Fate to take him from her shoulder and place him on Aura’s open palm. 
“It…tickles!” Aura exclaimed as Spark’s tamed embers licked her steely skin.
One of Aura’s attendants spoke, “Please forgive us, we must take Aura to be prepared for the ceremony.”
“Ceremony?” Fate questioned.
He nodded, prompting Aura to return the phoenix to his master. The group of red-robed necromancers then guided her new friend out of the arena.
She turned to Vale and Xia who were chatting amongst themselves a few feet away, then asked, “What ceremony are they preparing her for?”
Vale’s luminous eyes settled on Fate’s. “Her inauguration,” he explained, then added, “We should get going, we have to get ready ourselves.” He extended a gallant arm to her, taking Xia on the other.
“We’re going too?” Fate asked, excitement building within.
Vale grinned. “Yes, my lady, we are going to the ball.”

Facing Destiny

Kane’s indigo eyes surged with ferocity, hatred fueling his rage. Many of the shades’ eyes narrowed at him, a mutual mistrust and instinctual revulsion mirrored within. His arm muscles flexed, legs set apart in fighting stance. He knew he could kill at least a few before they ganged up and took him down.
“Be calm, prince,” one of the necromancers stated as he approached Kane, raising his silver hands. “These shades are…tame.” 
“Tame?” Kane repeated, logic warring with instinct. How could they be tame? Fate had been the only shade he’d ever encountered that had shown the ability to suppress the murderous desire. “How? Were they born…alone?” He couldn’t fathom it. Had the ritual on the Surface changed? Had Malus found a way to communicate with her human minions on the land above? Impossible. The only way to the Surface was through the fissure, and it had been sealed for centuries. 
“No,” the necromancer explained in a gentle tone. “They escaped Malus, and Vrill took them in. They are welcome refugees in Necrosia.”
“Vrill?” Kane reluctantly put away his sword. “Who is Vrill?”
“Come,” the necromancer waved the demon forward. “Follow me.”

“Wow!” Fate’s eyes couldn’t look around fast enough. The great hall of the palace was both eloquent and macabre. An odd mixture. Slender, crisscrossed bones formed the walls around them, latticed and interwoven with thin golden twine. An enormous ivory staircase wound upwards like a corkscrew, the delicate gold strands barely visible, leaving the stairs to appear floating in midair. Extensively long crimson swags hung from the ceiling, undulating with every soft breeze that dare enter the room. Black candles flickered from every corner, shadows danced, creating an ambiance both sinister and mystical. 
Xia excused herself and departed into another room, leaving Vale and Fate to themselves. “Shall we?” he inquired, extending his open palm to her. 
She set her hands onto his, giving him a questionable glance. “Shall we what?”
“Meet my master,” he said quietly, leading her to the winding flight of steps. 
A flutter of nervousness swam through her chest. She had no idea what to expect of Vale’s master. Was he frightening? Kind? Images of the demon city flickered through her thoughts. Though many of them had been afraid of her, even hated her, she’d felt strangely at home in the underground palace. She might have stayed if it weren’t for Kane. Would Necrosia leave her with the same sense? Would she be welcome here?
They climbed the stairs, Fate’s wariness increasing with every step. How different her life had turned out than she’d imagined. On the Surface, her life seemed mapped out for her, like destiny had already drawn invisible paths to her final destination. Birth, school, marriage, kids, death. There wasn’t any question to how her life was to unfold. Here, though, all that existed were questions. Uncertainties. Where did she fit in? Which way was she supposed to turn next? 
It’s hard to plan a life without the expectation of death. Normally, on the Surface, this might be considered a good thing, even desired, but now being in this predicament, Fate was unsure as to how to proceed. What does one do with eternity? 
“In here,” Vale’s voice stole her from the philosophical daydream. 
He led her into a darkened room, a deep lavender scent exciting her nostrils. The same décor had followed them upstairs: scarlet drapes, onyx candles, with the addition of furniture assembled with various bones. 
Vale moved towards a set of French doors on the right. “I’ll be right back.” And he disappeared through the entrance, closing the doors behind him.
Fate swallowed. The growing anxiety in the pit of her stomach beginning to annoy her. 
She walked slowly about the room, examining every oddity and splendor. Statues, both small and large, decorated the room. Adorned from all the rocks and gems available in the underworld: jade, sapphire, ruby, diamond. The list went on and on. 
She stole a glance at the French doors, hoping Vale would return. Dismayed, she continued. 
In the center of the room sat a most peculiar, yet beautiful, item. An orb. Nested on a black, marble pedestal, the swirling blue and white sphere pulsated with power. Fate took a tentative step forward, as though the gleaming ball was begging her to touch it. Caress it. It seemed to call her. 
Intoxicated by its energy, she raised her hands to set her palms upon it. The moment her skin made contact with the cool glass, the room behind her disappeared. All that existed was peace. Oneness. Power pulsed at her core, in the emptiness where her soul used to reside. It warmed her. Cajoled her. Satiated her hunger.
“Ah, I see you’ve discovered the Nexus,” a hollow voice commented from behind her.
Fate pulled her hands from the orb as though she’d been burned. Guiltily, she spun around. A male necromancer stood before her and, even without introduction, she anticipated this was the infamous Vrill. His long ivory robes swished against the black marble floor, silver hands tucked into his sleeves. 
“Um, hello,” she stammered, looking for Vale who was nowhere to be seen. “I’m sorry, I was just…” 
“Feeding,” he interjected. “I understand.”
“Feeding?” 
He nodded, his galactic eyes twisting with silver stars. “Yes, this is the source of our soul,” he explained calmly.
“This,” she eyed the shimmering sphere, “is your soul?” 
“Our soul,” he emphasized. “The necromancers.”
She nodded, recalling how Vale had said the elusive species shared a massive soul of sorts. But feeding? Had she fed? She didn’t feel the hunger anymore. Was that considered rude to feast from the strange soul container? She hoped not. 
“Please, sit.” He slid past her, seating himself upon a skeletal chair.
She looked the fragile-looking bone chair up and down, certain it would bust into pieces the moment she put any weight on it. Testing it slowly, she eased herself in, praying it wouldn’t collapse beneath her.
Fate pointed to the Nexus. “I apologize if I wasn’t supposed to…feed from that,” she said, stumbling over her words.
Vrill chuckled lightly. “Please, do not concern yourself. The shades within the walls of this city are free to utilize the Nexus as they need. The Nexus cannot be drained. Nor destroyed. So, please, use it as you need.” He then moved on, asking bluntly, “Vale tells me that you are the Devil’s heir, is this so?”
She smiled wryly. “So I’ve been told.”
“Does that displease you?” His nonexistent eyebrows creased.
Fate sighed. “I don’t know exactly what it means to be the heir. No one has…fully explained it to me. I’ve gotten bits and pieces of it…” her voice trailed off. She honestly didn’t know how much information she should divulge to this stranger. This world had a lot of politics going on that she didn’t understand. A lot of shady politics. 
“I see,” he said quietly, removing his silver hands from within the robe and bringing them together, fingertip to fingertip, his angular, steel face etched in deep thought. “Vale also tells me you’ve befriended the demons.”
She hesitated, then nodded, uncertain how accurate his statement was. It was true she’d made a few friends within the demon community, but not enough to commit to being comrades with the lot of them.
“Ah,” he said suddenly, glancing behind her. “I believe we have one of your friends here now.” He rose and greeted two necromancers as they entered the room. Fate sensed another figure in the room, not by sight—but by smell. 
A demon. 
And she knew that delicious scent anywhere.

Surprises

Fate had nothing to say. Her eyes locked with an ocean of sapphire, heart beating wildly in her chest. Here he stood, only a few feet away, and her tongue refused to function. If Kane hated her, his eyes were truly magnificent liars. Boring into her slivered soul, the energy he exuded seemed to reach out and embrace her with uncontrollable lust.
She knew she might feel something when she saw him again. She just didn’t expect to feel this. Nor that it would be reciprocated.
“Well,” Vrill clapped his hands together, snapping the mystical moment between the shade and demon. “I understand you two know each other?”
Both nodded, eyes never wavering from one another. 
“Hmm.” Vrill suppressed a knowing smirk, leaving Fate to wonder if he could read their minds or if their expressions were that obvious. “Yes, well, I apologize for disrupting your reunion, but I understand that Prince Kane wishes to discuss some business with me. So, if it’s alright with you,” he stated, showing Fate the door, “I will have my servants show you to your room so you may ready yourself for the ball this evening.”
Fate smiled in appreciation, frankly a bit relieved to be leaving. She needed to think. 
“Can I…see you later,” Kane said, his baritone voice hopeful, tantalizing her with the deep frequencies. 
She pushed a rogue strand of silver hair from her face and replied composedly, “Of course.”
“Wonderful!” Vrill exclaimed, the servants ushering her out of the room. “Shall we, your highness?” Fate heard the necromancer say as the doors closed behind her.
She followed the female servants to a room down the hall, candlelit sconces guiding them through the dark passage. 
“In here,” one said, bowing after Fate entered the room. “Someone will come for you when the ceremony is about to begin.” And with that, they left, closing the door behind them. 
Fate wrapped her arms around herself. Seeing Kane had caught her off guard. How was it that he was here? In the same city? Did he track her here?
No. He looked just as surprised to see her. And just as eager to speak with her. She wondered what he had to say. 
A trickle of fear filtered through her. What if he really didn’t care for her? What if everything he said in the garden was still true? That she was dangerous. That he didn’t trust her. 
She felt herself grow cold, knowing she couldn’t let him in again. Couldn’t let him hurt her again. She’d play it cool. Keep him at a distance. 
If she could.
She looked around the room, the warmth of the crimson drapes conflicting with the skeletal furniture. An enormous skull with fangs protruded from the wall with four huge femurs acting as pillars for the four poster bed. A fire raged in a corner fireplace, decorated with what appeared to be the finger bones of some unfortunate creature.
Fate sighed heavily, slumping on the bed. So much had changed. The world wasn’t the same. 
The Surface was so predicable. Sure, it had chaos and the occasional inexplicable coincidence, but here, here had no rhyme or reason. No set destiny. No pattern.
On the Surface, at least she could count on everyone being human. And alive. Here, she wasn’t sure from moment to moment who she could trust, who was what species, and so forth. 
It frustrated her. She hated living—or not living in her case—second to second. 
Her glowing eyes swept the room, pausing on something peeking out from the closet. Something green. 
Fate stood and walked to the closet. Her hand upon the rib-like handle, she pulled, exposing the most exquisite dress she’d ever seen. 
The shade of Northern Lights on a cold Canadian night, it glistened as though tiny diamonds had been woven into the fabric. Lifting the dress out of the closet, she held it up, observing its full glory. 
She quickly slipped out of her skirt and top, then slid the dress over her cool skin, and walked to the full-length mirror situated in the corner. 
Tight in the bodice, cupping her breasts just so, it then followed the contour of her torso with boning shaping the corset (she really hoped they didn’t use real bones). It flared at the waist with long strips of fabric that flowed freely around her milky legs. Loose straps hung from her shoulders, cascading the length of her arms like teal streamers. 
She pulled her white hair up, gathered it into a loose chignon, and left several thin pieces to frame her face.
Fate stared at her reflection, and for the first time since she’d arrived, she felt beautiful.

Kane tried to catch his breath and focus on the task at hand. He hadn’t anticipated seeing Fate, how could he? How could he have known she was here? Things were suddenly playing out in his favor. As long as this necromancer, Vrill, agreed to hand him his city’s scroll, he was that much closer to saving Dark World from Malus.
“So,” Vrill began, settling into a chair, offering Kane another across from him. “You wish to discuss the scroll.”
Shock ran through him. How did he know that’s what Kane wanted? He’d only told the necromancers he’d met outside the city, and they hadn’t been out of his sight. There hadn’t been any time to tell anyone else.
“We share the same soul,” the necromancer explained, responding to Kane’s stunned expression. “I was informed telepathically.”
“Oh, I see,” Kane stammered, still trying to gather his bearings. His thoughts flickered to the Oracle and his initial theory of her origins. If she were also a necromancer, wouldn’t she have telepathically warned Vrill of his intentions? Perhaps he was wrong about her. Maybe she was…something else. But what?
“What is your interest in the scroll?” Vrill asked, silencing Kane’s internal inquest.
Kane cleared his throat. “I wish to protect it…all of them, actually, from Malus.” 
“Your mother,” he stated, an unreadable smile edging across his silver lips. The necromancer’s sharp, human features looked painted with sterling silver, gleaming against the eerie light of the Nexus floating behind him.
Kane’s eyes narrowed and he felt himself bristle. Nodding, he responded, “Yes, my mother. She needs to be stopped from collecting the six scrolls and reaching the Surface.”
Vrill took in a deep breath, mulling Kane’s words a moment, then stated, “I agree.”
Kane exhaled, he hadn’t expected this to be so easy. “Wonderful, I…”
The necromancer interrupted, “I agree that she has to be stopped, but I will not give you my scroll.”
Kane’s shoulders fell. “But, I need them all. I plan to collect them…and destroy them.”
“I understand,” Vrill said, his voice calm, “but they cannot be destroyed unless they are altogether.”
Annoyed, Kane felt his anger rising. “I know that, that’s why I’m trying to collect them all. To prevent Malus from opening the fissure and populating the Surface with shades.”
The necromancer chuckled, igniting a furious fire inside Kane. “Dear prince, don’t tell me that you don’t know.”
“Know what?” Kane’s sharp teeth ground together.
“Where the hidden scroll is, of course,” he whispered cryptically, sending a cold shiver down Kane’s spine.
Kane reluctantly shook his head.
The necromancer stood, his long robes trailing loyally behind him as he closed the distance between himself and the prince. 
Leaning over, he hissed into Kane’s ear, “Why, my dear prince, it’s on the Surface.”
Kane’s thoughts raced in a thousand different directions, a web of secrets and omissions lay tangled before him. If it was true, that one of the scrolls was on the Surface, how was he to retrieve it? He had been taught long ago that all the scrolls were needed to open the fissure. Had he been misinformed? 
His brow furled. Or mislead?
Vrill sat across from him, a cryptic smile adorning his lips. 
“How…” Kane’s voice trailed off.
“Indeed.” Vrill nodded in agreement, a flicker of frustration darkening his swirling eyes. 
“May I see your scroll?” Kane inquired suddenly.
The necromancer tilted his head, seemingly torn as to whether or not to fulfill the request. He then summoned a shade servant, who’d apparently been stealthily lingering in a distant corner of the room.
“Vale,” Vrill started, “would you be so kind as to retrieve our scroll…” he paused, then added, “all of them.”
Kane’s blood surged. Vrill had more than one scroll? 
The shade left the room via a door to the left, returning moments later holding a metallic box no longer than a foot in length. Polished steel, the container boasted a solid gold lock in which Kane could sense was enchanted. As it should be if it contained one—or more—of the sacred pages of the Devil’s Bible.
His breath held in his chest, the large demon leaned forward, his eyes locked on the metal box as Vale placed it on a table between them.
Vrill whispered a disenchanting spell, his hands waving over the box, and the golden locked relinquished a tiny click.
The tension that gripped the room was smothering. His fists clenched, Kane felt his talons shredding his palms. Pearls of sweat gleamed from the necromancer’s forehead as he raised the lid. Soundless, the box was suddenly open. Its secret contents revealed. Three wound scrolls lay within, crimson ribbons lacing them shut, tattered edges and ocher hue betraying their true age. 
Vale took a step forward, his hands open. His master nodded, giving the shade permission to handle the ancient pages. Gently taking one into his pale hands, he released the red bow by pulling its loose strings. The antiquated paper unfurled with a crisp sigh. With a delicate hand, Vale unrolled the first paper and read its contents:

“There can be only one,
Upon the throne of blood.
A ruler amongst fiends,
A leader over beasts and sub-creatures.
Old will expire, 
New will succeed,
But only one is meant to be,
Meant to reign,
Meant to rule.
The  Devil’s heir.”

The shade took in a breath, rolled up the scroll and reached for another. 
Opening the second scroll, the shade continued.

“A secret underworld,
Alive beneath the feet of man.
To rise,
To ascend,
The races must blend,
Must blur the lines of disparity.
Must come together,
With the pages united,
Dark World will be enlightened.
Darkness will meet the Light.”

Kane’s mind reeled. The races must blend. What does that mean?
Vale gently set the second scroll back into the metal box. Kane wasn’t certain, but when the shade grabbed the last scroll, he thought he saw his hand shake. He slowly unfurled it, took a deep breath, and read,

“I am legend,
I am lore,
I am the essence of nightmares,
The dawn of fear,
A fallen angel,
A winged beast,
Spawn from the seeds of evil and black magic,
I am Lucifer,
Lord of the dark.”

As the shade’s velvety voice trailed off, angry blood surged through Kane. Standing, his chest muscles twitching, he shouted, “That’s the demons’ scroll!”
“Calm yourself and I will explain,” Vrill said with a neutral tone, rising and signaling Vale to take a step back. The shade complied, his eyes wide and locked on the demon.
Kane’s body vibrated with fury. How dare this being enter his palace and steal from his people. He’d stolen his inheritance. His father’s words.
“You’d better have a damn good reason,” Kane spat through a clenched jaw.
“As a matter of fact, I do.” The necromancer sat, seemingly unaffected—and unafraid—of Kane’s rage. His swirling eyes shifted from Kane to Kane’s seat, his hands folded in front of him, fingertip to fingertip. Kane exhaled sharply, then sat with a hard thump. 
“Alright,” Vrill began, his gaze moving to the glimmering Nexus in the center of the room. “This,” he waved his hand in the orb’s direction, “is our—the necromancers’—soul. Without it, we cannot exist.”
Kane turned his head to observe the bluish sphere, nodding. 
Vrill continued. “Many thousands of years ago, a being of great power raised me from the dead, thus creating the first necromancer.” His hands opened up, presenting himself as the first necromancer.
Kane opened his mouth for the flood of questions he had, but Vrill silenced him. 
“She captured a fragment of her soul within this orb, then gave it to us for safe keeping, stating that I should use it to create more of my kind. She told me how and…” He clapped his hands together. “…well, here we are.”
Sensing his moment to interrupt, Kane asked, “Who is this being?”
Vrill nodded. “We’re getting to that. Now, when your father turned off the Crystal Pyramid, our beloved maker began to die.” His eyes dimmed and silver lips downturned. “She doesn’t have long. We need to relight the pyramid to give her immortality again. To save her.” 
Kane took in a deep breath and exhaled loudly. This was a lot to take in all at once. The necromancers had stolen the demons’ scroll—but for a very good reason. A very powerful being, whom Kane had never heard of, was dying and needed the light of the Crystal Pyramid. The scrolls seemed to be written in riddles, making his task that much more difficult. And to top it off, one of the scrolls was on the Surface, which meant…what? How could they open the fissure without all the scrolls together?
His head began to hurt.
“Okay,” Kane said, rubbing his temples with the pads of his black fingertips. “First question, who is this being? Your maker?”
Vrill smiled, uttering one word, “Myth.”
Kane suppressed a growl, he wasn’t in the mood for games. “What? She’s a myth?”
“No,” the necromancer clarified. “Her name is Myth.”
“What is she? A goddess? A new race?”
Vrill smirked. He seemed to be enjoying playing with Kane, being coy with him. Shaking his head, he replied, “No, she’s the lost elemental…aether.”

What Lies Within

“The ceremony is about to begin,” a female servant announced politely, standing in Fate’s doorway one moment, then vanishing just as quickly.
“Thank you,” Fate mumbled, a fresh flurry of nerves streaming through her stomach.
Kane was going to be there. She just knew it. Why wouldn’t he be? He was probably going to be the guest of honor or something. Resentment gathered in her chest. She couldn’t forgive him for his venomous remark in the garden. 
“Shades can’t be trusted.” His words rang through her thoughts. Images of the slaughtered sphinx and unicorn flickered forth, reminding her of the monstrous nature lurking inside. 
Maybe he’s right. Fate hung her head, a wisp of silver hair falling forward. I’m not that girl anymore. I’m not Scarlet anymore. I’m a killer.
The velvet voice, which always appeared when vulnerability dared expose itself, slithered into her thoughts, “Come home, my daughter, come home.”
Again the urge to find this wayward mother of the underworld was all-consuming. She seemed to be the only person who truly wanted her. 
Fate sighed, stealing one last glance in the mirror. A beautiful killer stood before her, empty eyes staring back. The windows to a soul that wasn’t there. How much of a soul is required for someone to still exist? She thought of Aura, her body now occupied by a soul shared by thousands. Is she still herself? Her dreams? Her memories? Or is she now a facet of a diamond? Beautiful, yet indistinct?
Homesickness suddenly reared its redundant head. Still, she yearned to go home. Sure, she was a nobody there. An average teenage girl with no special gifts. She was certainly not an heir to an entire realm up there on the Surface. She was just Scarlet up there. Average. Normal. Boring.
Her brow knitted together, an epiphany sorting through her thoughts. She was somebody here. She had powers. Unfathomable strength. And she was dangerous. 
What would it be like to be…like this…on the Surface? 
Her palms slid over her sleek, potent body as though they had a devious mind of their own. On the Surface, she’d died a victim. A little girl—a mere human—incapable of saving herself.
“Rory,” she growled, the name like venom on her tongue.
A dark smile pulled across her lips, the beginnings of a plan germinating.
Raising her head high, she walked out the door, ready to face a room of strangers. 
And Kane

“Here you are, your highness,” said the female necromancer escorting Kane to his room. He nodded in appreciation and she politely excused herself with a quick bow.
After what felt like hours of discussing tactics and strategies to obtain the remaining scrolls, Kane finally allowed the wave of exhaustion to consume him. The journey from the demon city, the weight of finding Fate, the scrolls, all blended into a muddy pool within his thoughts.
So many secrets. So many lies. He had no idea who to believe anymore. Elder Ozen had brought him up. Taught him everything he’d need to know to be king. Why then, did it all feel like a lie? Why was there so much he didn’t know?
During their talks, Vrill stated his spies had confirmed Malus indeed had at least one scroll. The wraiths’. That meant there were three scrolls to retrieve, Malus’s, the reapers’ and, of course, the one on the Surface. 
Impossible! 
He just couldn’t wrap his head around how that would work. Maybe his father had designed it that way. To make sure no one could ever open the fissure again. But why? Why would he have created such a hopeless situation? Had he intended to turn off the Crystal Pyramid? Leaving the demons vulnerable? Mortal?
Kane stood in the doorway and scanned the room, the décor falling somewhere between luxurious and macabre. A stately bed, headboard and supports of skeletal remains, stood before him draped in gold and burgundy silks. A grand chandelier hung overhead, centered over a cushy mattress, its components a mixture of diamonds, emerald, and, a rarity, pearls.
His head down, the polished marble floor blurrily reflected his image as he took a few tentative steps further into the foreign quarters. 
To his left, a black tunic hung from a closet door. Just his size. A bitter taste slid past his tongue. These beings—these silver humans—knew too much. They were too psychic for his comfort. Kane again thought of the old Oracle, her petite, hunched frame, and again pondered her race. If she was a necromancer, wouldn’t she be telepathically linked to her kind? To Vrill? 
He shrugged, walking to the closet and retrieving the formal wear from its perch. Donning the outfit, the velvety suede brushing against his demon skin, he couldn’t help but feel hopeful. Fate was going to be as this ceremony. He had to tell her. He couldn’t risk losing her again. 
He gave a quick look to his sword, contemplating whether or not to wear it to the party. Seemed silly—even insulting—to wear it. The necromancers would surely think him paranoid for doing so. But he didn’t trust them. Not yet.
Slinging it over his shoulder, his thoughts fell on Fate again. 
Maybe she doesn’t even want me. His heart sank. How arrogant of him to think she’d actually desire him in return. What made him think she had any feelings for him? She’d never professed any sort of affection for him. In fact, she’d run away. That alone should tell him her true feelings. 
He sighed, his sight falling to the floor. Indecision loomed. Kane faced the mirror, luminous blue eyes brimming with uncertainty stared back at him. 
He couldn’t deny it any longer. It was time to face the facts.
Kane raised his shoulders, inhaled large and gave a final glare at his reflection. He then turned his large demon body about, hooves clomping loudly against the marble floor, and swiftly made for the door. 
“No more child’s play,” he uttered under his breath.
He shut the door behind him and moved down the darkened hall. His large hand slid along the banister, the smoothness of the polished bones like silk beneath his palm. 
Following the curve of the railing, he’d already descended one step when he felt eyes upon him. He lifted his head, locking stares with the one person he longed to see most.
Fate.
With her locks gathered on her crown and teal gown hugging her every curve, he had to force a breath into his captivated lungs. Envy trickled through him as he eyed the silvery tendrils of hair caressing the gentle slopes of her jaw. It was then he realized she wasn’t wearing the mask. Her ebony lips twisted into a sweet pout as she stood before him. A tortured longing wrapped around his heart. 
 “Hi,” he finally managed to say, staring into her cool, narrow gaze. She crossed her arms over her chest, forming a shield between the two of them.
“Hello,” she returned, her voice laced with frost.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” he said taking a cautious step up, moving towards her. “I was worried about you…after you left.”
She raised her chin indignantly, waves of hostility rippled from her, flowing in his direction. 
She’s angry with me. His heart sank. Of course she would be. He’d been so insensitive. It was unforgivable, but he had to try.
“Fate,” he said quietly, taking a step towards her. “I’m so sorry…for the way I behaved.” Seeing her unresponsive and hugging herself tighter, he pressed on. “I never meant to hurt you…”
Her head snapped up, eyes boring into his as she interjected with venom, “But you did.”
Kane nodded, defeated. He wished so much that he could erase what he’d said that day. Start again. “I can only say I’m sorry.” 
“Sometimes,” she started, taking a step towards him, the chill of her skin slicing him as she brushed past, “sorry isn’t enough.” 

Transparency

Ever sat curled up against Arcanum’s mighty belly, his deep breathing soothing her aching soul. Her father had been gone for quite some time and the geysers now signaled the late hour. 
Absentmindedly, she picked at a speck of dirt encrusting one of the pale stones surrounding her, wondering if she should just go home, her hope for adventure marred by her father’s protectiveness. 
She measured her father’s behavior over the last few years. He’d become so withdrawn. So sullen. Then Fate came along and Ever saw fire in his eyes again. A reason to live. A reason to fight. Then he messed it all up by chasing her away. 
Yes, he was very stubborn, and he blamed the shades for his loved ones’ deaths, but not everyone is a slave to their species. His inability to let go of stereotypes was frustrating. Ironically, the literature they’d discovered in the Atlantean library depicted demons as heartless, soul-thirsty beings that terrorized the humans. If they’d only known the truth. 
But Fate didn’t belong in the shade category. She was different. A diamond among coal. If only her father had seen it in time. 
Ever suppressed a shudder, a sensation she shouldn’t feel considering the atmosphere that cradled her. The Opal Meadows hummed with a calm resonance that should have left her with a feeling of peace. But it didn’t. She frowned, trying to decipher what she was sensing. 
Something was brewing in the air, swirling around her with evil intent. 
Something was coming. 
She scanned the path from which they’d come, a writhing shadow hovered along the plain. An army of darkness thundered across the earth, its beat akin to a thousand pounding hooves. 
Panic clawed its way to the surface of her soul. Her infrared blue eyes narrowed, scrutinizing the distant landscape. The sands of the Crimson Desert rolled towards the Great Wall like a tsunami.
What is that? 
Her eyes flitted from the sleeping dragon to the looming sand wave. What should she do? She’d surely be seen trying to escape. 
Hide under my wing, Arcanum’s gentle voice suddenly sounded in her mind. He’d awakened. Relief washed over her as his coppery scales faded to an opalescent white, merging with the rocks around him. 
Ever moved quickly, sheltering herself beneath his slightly lifted wing. He then brought his appendages around his body, pulling the princess close to his body. To the outside world, he’d appear as a huge, alabaster stone. 
Though a tad squished, Ever felt much safer. Peering out a slim crack between his back and wing, she could still see the oncoming phenomenon. 
What’s going on? I’m afraid, Ever sent the dragon.
He paused, she sensed his trepidation. 
Tell me! Please! What is that? 
A tremble resonated throughout her body.
The great dragon sighed quietly.
Malus. 

“Everyone,” Vrill called for attention from a podium at the head of the room. “I’d like to thank you all for coming this evening to welcome our newest daughter to the family, Aura.” Pride filled his eyes as he waved a hand to his side. Aura beamed, her short blue hair bobbed over her ears, a silver feather pinning back her bangs.
The crowd clapped, the ambiance of the room bursting with good spirits.
Fate took a long look around, the decorated ballroom stealing her breath. Silver and baby blue swags hung from the ceiling, swaying and wavering like an ocean. A strobe light, flickering white and gold, pulsed in the center of the domed ceiling. 
The lattice of bones extended all the way up the walls and bowed with the arc of the roof, leaving Fate to wonder how on earth they’d accomplished such a feat. And with just bones and gold twine. 
Just…magical. She smiled to herself.
“Hello, Fate,” chimed a voice from behind her. Spinning around, Fate was suddenly face to face with her favorite former Zombie, Aura. 
“Hi!” A grin spread across Fate’s lips. “Congratulations,” she said, hoping that was the appropriate gesture for the situation.
Aura nodded, a glint of sadness lurking behind her swirling, galaxy-like eyes. 
“Are you okay?” Fate queried.
The necromancer nodded again, though slowly and unconvincingly.
Aura sighed, hugging herself. “I feel a bit…Surface sick.”
“Surface sick?” Fate frowned.
Her blue hair glistened against the soft lights twirling above them like a seventies disco ball. “You know, like homesick, only I miss the Surface,” she admitted.
Confused, Fate said, “But I thought you couldn’t remember anything from your former life. That’s what Vale told me.”
She paused, then responded, “That’s what they told me too, but something inside of me knows that this existence is different. Almost…wrong.” She stopped, glancing around, then whispered, “I don’t think I’m supposed to remember…but I do.”
Fate’s insides grew cold. So she wasn’t the only one who felt like…an abomination. Something unnatural.
Fate gave her new friend an encouraging smile, uncertain as to how to ease her discomfort. She linked arms with the necromancer and the two moved towards a long buffet table draped in white linen.
Bowl after bowl and platter after platter stretched the length of the table. Foods of every color, shape and size lay in waiting for some hungry patron to dive in. Fate eyed the food with envy, her human side wishing she could participate. A growl from the dark side of her soul reminded her she should visit Vrill’s Nexus again. And soon. 
Worry clouded her thoughts. Her hunger had come on so fast this time. She’d only touched the Nexus a few hours before yet she was already nearing famishment. Her thoughts shifted to the promise of finding a cure. Finding something to satiate her morbid hunger. Elder Goretus thought there might have been a way. Hope rose inside her. Glancing at Kane, who stood stoic across the room with his gaze locked on her, she realized she was likely welcome within the walls of the demon city again. She could go back, speak with the old shaman, and maybe…
A thunderous boom tore through the air, followed by the floor shuddering. Aura clutched Fate’s arm as they watched the entire south wall of the ballroom pulsate violently. Heaving to and fro as if out of breath, bits of the wall of bones began to burst forth, spraying and shattering upon the marble floor. 
Necromancers and shades staggered with the earth quaking beneath them, fleeing to the opposite side of the room, expressions of shock painted upon their faces. 
Fate shielded Aura from falling rubble, pulling her across the room towards the gathering patrons. As frightened as Fate was, she guessed that Aura would be far more terrified, a newborn to this violent world.
The wall gave one final exhalation, spewing chunks of debris in all directions. Dust and sand rolled into the room, obscuring the cause of the ruckus.
When the cloud settled, all Hell broke loose.

Reunion

Kane shoved his way through the panicked crowd, his eyes locked on Fate as she guided a frightened necromancer from harm’s way. He had to get to her. Had to protect her. Nothing else mattered.
Splinters of debris rained down, biting at his face, his shoulders, and back. Pushing the pain aside, he tried to ignore the cries of fear and chaos around him. They all knew what this was. They all knew who was coming. Only one being had this much power. Only one being had the motive.
Most of the patrons fled the room, rushing the French doors, pushing their way through. Kane didn’t blame them. Part of him wished he could follow their lead. Escape. 
But he couldn’t. He had to face her. 
Everything had been leading up to this moment. He realized it was futile to resist. Destiny had a way of finding those who ran from it. 
With the wall torn apart and gaping like a deep crevice, Kane waited. Knowing who was going to cross that ravaged threshold at any moment. Reaching Fate’s side, he breathed a quiet sigh of relief. The Queen was here for Fate, he was sure of it. At the very least, he would fight to keep her safe. Or die trying.

Fate tried to still the tremble occupying her body, by the expressions of those surrounding her, it was obvious they knew who was coming. She didn’t want to see. Didn’t want to acknowledge the truth. All of this was her fault. If she’d only gone to the Queen, maybe all these people would still be safe. 
Aura wept quietly beside her. Her life possibly over before it had even begun. A painful lump formed in Fate’s throat, tears pricking her eyes. She could have prevented this. All of this. 
Maybe she still could. 
A cool wind kissed her cheek, Vale suddenly behind her. He’d wisped to her location, silent, undetectable. Kane growled beside her, his blue eyes firing at the shade.
“Calm yourself,” Vale hissed at Kane. “I can get Fate out of here.”
Kane stiffened. “You? How?” 
“I can wisp her to another location,” he stated.
The demon prince contemplated a moment, then ordered, “Do it.”
Vale moved to slide his arm around Fate’s waist. “No!” she yelled, pushing his arm away. “I can fight!” 
A wistful smile pulled at his ebony lips. “Fate...you have to go, you are too important. She can’t get her hands on you.” 
“Me? What about you? She’ll kill you just for being her son! For being alive! You have to live, if not for me, than for the demons,” she cried. Panic held fast around her heart, her anger towards him evaporating in the midst of the chaos. She didn’t want to leave him. He was part of her now. 
His arms folded around her, chin resting on her head. The beat of his heart throbbed against her ear. She couldn’t leave him. She wouldn’t.
From the gash in the wall, the sound of rubble crunching beneath feet sliced through the stillness of the ballroom. The shades and necromancers, those that remained, braving the unknown, held their breath, their eyes wide and full of fear.
From within the midst of the dust clouds parting like a misty white curtain, a figure emerged. 
“Kane,” Fate whispered beside him, her voice quivering as she wrapped herself around his arm. “Is that…her?”
Kane frowned. 
It was not his mother.

The shadowy figure stumbled forward, cloaked, hunched and ragged. Loping through the rubble, she made her way to the center of the room—where she immediately fell. Face shielded by the hood, her breath came in rasps. 
Fate heard Kane suck in a staggered breath, then he uttered, “The Oracle.”
Fate took a step towards her, to help her, but was halted when another presence loomed within the abyss. Larger, louder, it thundered into the ballroom. Out of the swirling dust emerged two enormous cats. The saber tooth felines, hulking and twice the size of an elephant, entered through the torn portal, their lengthy claws clacking against the marble floors. Crimson dripped from their pointed canines, eyes of ember panning the room, narrowed and gleaming with predatory malevolence. Steel harnesses upon their backs, they moved forward, pulling a formidable golden coach. 
Fate glared as the coach glided into the center of the room. All eyes were upon it. Even though the windows were draped in dark fabric, she was certain she knew who was inside. 
The Oracle scuttled out of the way, the gilded spokes of the coach nearly slicing her in two. Now huddled against a large slab of rubble, the prophetess cradled her head in her hands.
The cats growled and snarled at the crowd, scarlet drool sliding off their teeth and tongues. 
Then the coach stopped. Two shades, dressed in royal tunics, approached the door and released the stairs. Eight more shades appeared, weapons in hand, positioning themselves four on either side of the door, their eyes cold and cruel as they focused on their duty. Movement around the other side of the carriage caught Fate’s eye, dozens upon dozens of shade warriors stood guard, waiting for any sign of trouble.
Fate’s heart beat wildly against her chest. Why was the Queen here? What did she want? Was she there to collect her heir? Sidling herself closer to Kane, she held her breath as the shades nearest the carriage door reached out—and opened it.
Her eyes slammed shut. She didn’t want to see the Queen, this wayward underground mother that so desperately called to her. Fate yearned to cover her ears, not wanting to hear that voice again. That dark temptation. 
The coach stairs protested as someone descended them. Fate had to look. Forcing her eyes open just a slit, she peered around Kane’s hulking body. 
She stifled a gasp. 
It was Ever, but older. Radiant and sublime. 
Her ocean blue eyes sang to Fate. Called to her. The calm that resided within them soothed her. Beckoned her. 
There was no resistance. Fate felt herself fall with every step the Queen took towards her. 
“Come to me, my daughter, come to me!” the velvet voice rang through her thoughts. 
“Yes,” Fate’s consciousness replied. “Yes, mother.”
A sense of completeness overwhelmed her. The hollowed out crevice where her soul had been torn from her body suddenly pooled with purpose. 
She’d found her way home. 
She’d found her master.

Kane took in a breath, readying himself to confront his mother. There she stood, before him, her long hair trailing to the floor like a silver veil. Blue eyes twinning his own, she scanned the ballroom with a regal air. Her sight swept over him once, then quickly returned. Their eyes locked, and for a moment, he saw relief in her stare. 
“Kane,” she spoke, her voice embracing him like velvet, stirring nostalgia from the days of his youth. “I’m surprised to see you…alive.”
He forced a nod, unable to find his voice. She didn’t appear as he’d expected. Her skin was supple, soft and beautiful, not the aged, corpse-like complexion she should have if she’d indeed touched the scroll and aged one thousand years. 
But she didn’t look old, she looked radiant. Her ivory skin, the luminous, albino skin Ever had inherited, gleamed as though she were no more than two hundred years old. Snow white horns wrapped round the sides of her head, coiling into perfect seashells. She was lovely. Just as he remembered her to be. 
Her lengthy golden gown trailed behind her as she glided towards Kane. Warm cerulean eyes searched him, bore into him with a sense of fascination. His mother’s arms enveloped him, her familiar scent winding around his heart. His memories. 
The Queen then pulled away, turning to one of her shades. “Maxim, take two guards and search the palace…find the scrolls.” A devious smile played on her lips. “And bring them to me.”
Maxim nodded, gathering two guards and leaving the ballroom through the French doors.
Weakness moved through Kane. They’d most certainly find the scrolls in the upstairs room. His mother—the Devil—would soon be in possession of four of the pages of the Devil’s Bible.
“How did you find us?” he asked, referring to Fate and himself.
His mother waved a nonchalant hand towards the Oracle lying broken on the floor. “She struggled valiantly, but in the end, I got the information I needed.” Her smile was sweet, eyes ice-laden.
How? Kane wondered, How is it that she has done such evil things? 
His mother smiled warmly at him. For a moment, he was lost in her smile. Her warmth. 
Then he felt a tug behind him.
His mother, the Devil, had Fate.
“No!” Kane snarled, slapping his mother’s hand away from Fate, who appeared to be in some sort of trance, following the Devil with glazed eyes. Fate turned and growled, low and guttural, at Kane. A protective, predatory growl. She flashed her fangs at him, placing herself between him and his mother.
“Fate?” he uttered, gazing into her hate-filled stare. “What have you done to her?” he yelled, eyes shifting to his mother.
The Queen laughed light-heartedly. “She’s a shade,” she stated plainly, “I own her.”
Kane shook his head. “But, you haven’t aged. You didn’t touch the scroll…you don’t need her body.” Confusion coalesced with anger. Why did she need Fate if her own body was perfect? All this time he’d assumed his mother needed an heir to possess because she’d been cursed by the scroll. Aged a thousand years. Why would she still need Fate?
A smug smile adorned his mother’s face. “I don’t need to possess her, my son,” she said, then feigned puzzlement. “You mean to tell me you don’t know?”
Kane felt weak. More he didn’t know. More the demon elders had not divulged to him. More secrets. He shook his head, his world caving in around him.
The Queen genuinely laughed, a velvety tinkling that resonated throughout the bone ballroom. All eyes shifted from her to Kane, then back to her. The necromancers. The shades. They all wanted to know. 
“Oh, my dear son,” she said, nearing sincerity. “What have those demons done to you.”
“What are you talking about?” Kane’s brow blistered with fury. 
“She’s not just heir to the Devil’s throne,” his mother explained, a soft smile tracing across her ivory lips. “She’s the key.”
“To what?” he asked, breathless.
She tilted her head childlike, blue dancing with amusement, then whispered. “To the Crystal Pyramid.”

Dreams

The world was hazy. Like a dream. 
Fate could only make out certain words being spoken around her. They all blended together. Mumbled. Incoherent.
All her memories from the Surface had been erased, yanked from her consciousness. Even all she knew of Dark World seemed submerged in black water, swirling and thick as tar.
Her body moved as though she were a puppet, on its own volition. Or someone else’s. Where was she? Why was she here? 
An urgency plagued her, like she had a mission. A purpose that sat just beyond her reach. What was it? Why couldn’t she remember?
The girl. The girl with brown hair suddenly reached through her thoughts, broke through the veil clouding her mind. 
The stars, she cried softly, remember the stars.
The beast that owned Fate charged, chasing the girl and her haunting voice away.
There was a war going on inside her. A desperate fight for her body. Her soul.
It clawed her. Tore at her. One side begging her to remember, the other ordering her to forget.

“The Crystal Pyramid?” Kane repeated his mother’s words, the pieces of the puzzle falling in place. “Why…why is she the key? What are you going to do with her?” Panic ravaged his insides.
His mother’s gaze fell to the French doors, Maxim had returned, gilded box in hand. The box that contained the scrolls. She sighed with evil delight. “Sorry, enough chatter. I have a realm to destroy and a fissure to open,” she said, waving her hand as though excusing him and strolled to her coach, Fate following behind as though an invisible thread connected the two.
Vale shifted uneasily beside him. Kane sensed his thoughts. The shade could wisp. He could grab Fate and get her out of here, leaving the rest of them to fight off the Queen. 
Panning the width of the room, Kane calculated the odds. The Queen’s shades filled the room. Smothered it. Between the handful of necromancers, the rebel shades and himself, they were vastly outnumbered. 
At least Fate will be safe. His heart welled with sorrow. My death will not have been in vain.
His thoughts shifted to Ever. He hoped she’d heeded his word and that she and Arcanum were safely at the demon city. Maybe his people were even on their way at this moment. Coming to aid their leader.
His shoulders fell. He knew they weren’t coming. They didn’t believe in him enough to abandon their homes and put their lives in jeopardy. They didn’t want him. They wanted their king. They wanted Lucifer.
His mother and Fate had reached the carriage, climbing the stairs, preparing to disappear from his world forever. 
“Oh, I almost forgot,” the Queen spoke, pausing on the stair before she ducked inside. Gazing at her shade minions, her gentle voice commanded, “Kill them…all of them.” Her blue eyes fastened on Kane, evil twinkling behind them.
The first wave of the shade army surged forward on her command, enchanted bows, swords and maces drawn, eyes brimming with lust for the souls within the room. 
The necromancers in the room simply smiled. For a moment, Kane worried they might just lay down their lives without a fight, unafraid of death. 
“Come on,” he muttered through gritted teeth. “Fight!”
They stood stoic, hands locked in some form of prayer. The shades launched at them, teeth gleaming, eyes locked on the souls they were about to devour.
His breath caught in his throat. The necromancers were going to die. Honorably, he supposed, but without a fight.
Then, in unison, the necromancers raised their faces and hands to the sky, a peaceful smile traversing their silver lips.  A glow fell over their bodies, causing the shades to pause, uncertainty glossing their expression.
A hush blanketed the room as the necromancers removed their monk-like garb, their nude bodies glimmering against the strobe lights.
Kane watched with awe as their aura began to pulsate, throb with luminescence. Then, in one swift motion, their bodies changed, morphed into varying animals and beasts. Some cats, some predatory birds, some unnamable. But all ready to fight.
Kane smirked as the Queen relinquished a shriek.
He then turned to Vale, words spilling from his mouth, “Get Fate out of here, now!”
Vale nodded without a moment’s hesitation, dissipating into a cloud of black vapor. Kane glanced to Fate, watching as Vale reappeared behind her. Unbeknownst to the Queen, her most valuable possession was about to be stolen. 
But somehow she knew. His mother spun around, her eyes flooding black as she witnessed Vale attempting to vanish with her prize.  Fate stood unmoving, unaware, still under some hypnotic spell conjured by the Queen.
“How dare you!” the Queen hissed, wrapping her long, ivory fingers around his neck, talons digging deep into his skin.
Vale’s eyes searched the room, locking with Kane’s, pleading for help. Kane’s blood surged and he lunged through the chaos, black sword slashing and slicing as he made his way through the slaughter around him. 
His mother’s laughter resonated over the cacophony, varying between a shrill cackle to a low, baritone laugh. From his vantage point, Kane saw her body transitioning from a petite, feminine form to one of unimaginable horror. Her skin shifted to ruby red, eyes flooded black as tar, and her horns grew in length, uncoiling as they stuck out on either side of her head like a bull’s rack. Multiplying her height by at least three, his mother no longer resembled anyone—or anything—he knew.
Vale clawed at her hand on his throat, his glowing eyes fading and rolling to the back of his head. Fate, beside him, remained unaffected. Inert.
Thrashing the crowd of shades around him, Kane noticed the necromancer beasts working to form a path for him, ushering him towards the Queen. Towards Fate.
A necromancer griffon—part lion, part eagle—charged two male shades. While the silver griffon managed to rip the throat from one shade, the remaining shade gripped the necromancer’s lion-like neck with one arm, reaching to steal its soul with his free hand.
Kane stopped his forward slaughter to assist, bringing his sword down onto the back of the shade’s neck and then watching as the dismembered head rolled away. The necromancer griffon turned to face the demon prince, bowing in gratitude. 
Kane nodded, then took a second look at the griffon. It had wings. Big, beautiful silver wings—and it was big enough to carry Kane.

Vale’s pulse slowed to a crawl, his heart thudding slower and slower in his ears. The demon Queen, or whatever she was now, squeezed his throat with unfathomable force. Fate stood inert beside him, her eyes glazed and locked forward. 
He tried to wake her by swinging his arm, brushing hers, anything. But there was no response.
Vale searched the room, Kane fought his way through the slaughter, but wasn’t going to make it in time. The world was already fading to black. 
The Queen, now with the upper body of a winged bull, towered over him. She sneered with malicious amusement. Slit-like irises narrowing, she uttered through long, needle-like teeth. “The heir is mine! Now…you die!”
He closed his eyes, the pressure on his neck intensifying, his lungs screaming for air. Flashes of his life—on the Surface and in Dark World—danced through his wavering thoughts. 
His sister. His sweet sister. He’d never found her. Never saved her. All he’d done to find her. All he’d sacrificed. Worthless. 
He’d failed.
He’d failed Sybil.
A shrill scream penetrated his unconsciousness. The pressure around his throat released, air rushed back into his desperate lungs. Why wasn’t he dead? Why had the Queen let him go?
Prying his eyes open, focusing through blurred vision, he saw the Queen’s deformed body arched and writhing in pain, fingers of red lightning caging her.
Vale’s eyes followed the source of the crimson power—and found Kane.

“Ego sum Legio!” Kane roared, his voice rebounding about the room as sparks flew from his fingertips, encasing his mother with energy.
High above her and the war raging below, he hovered upon the back of the silver necromancer griffon, summoning the unknown power that heeded him.
Arrows streamed past, her loyal shades firing at him and his mount. One of the arrows pierced the globe of light overhead, shards of crystal rained over the Kane and the crowd below. Darkness enveloped the room.
The Devil below bellowed with rage, her bat-like wings flapping and triangle-tipped tail lashing. The cords of electricity wrapped around her neck, tightening and cinching at Kane’s request. 
His teeth ground, Kane held the power, raising his estranged mother by the throat. He was thankful she appeared the way she did, he didn’t think he could do this if she looked the way he’d remembered her growing up. Beautiful. Graceful. So like Ever.
Her eyes bulged. Was he winning? Was she succumbing to his wrath?
The griffon stayed steady, true beneath the prince as the scarlet lightning ripped from his fingers, strangling the evil matriarch. 
Suddenly the griffon faltered, relinquishing a piercing screech as they fell into a barrel-roll towards the floor of the ballroom. 
The red lightning ceased, his mother’s morbid bull-like body slumped to the floor as Kane clutched the feathers upon the back of the shape-shifted necromancer.
Falling. Tumbling through the air, the necromancer suddenly transformed beneath Kane. Morphing back into its true form.
The floor came up fast, Kane and the necromancer landed with a resounding crack. Dizziness assaulted him. Pain ricocheted throughout his body. His head spun, a river of blood sprang from his brow, spilling over his eyes. 
Beside him, the necromancer who’d helped him lay still. Unmoving, her back to him. Kane pulled his broken body towards her, set a gentle hand upon her shoulder and rolled her onto her back, her short blue hair pinned back with a single silver feather. An arrow through her heart.
It was the newborn necromancer.
Aura.

Salvation

Blood traversing his face, Kane crawled over the bodies of shades and necromancers. The room had fallen dark, only the flickering lights of a few candles remained. Infrared eyes gleamed from all corners of the room, some necromancers with their swirling glow, some shades—which side they were on, Kane couldn’t tell.
He moved stealthily over the bodies, pain shooting through his head and left leg. His sword gone, lost in the fall, he tried to manifest a plan. 
A deep grunt ahead, followed by a snort, caused him to pause. His mother was only a few feet in front of him. Her ragged breaths betraying her. She was dying.
A dawning realization fell over him, understanding why his father did what he did. He had to turn the pyramid off. He had to make the demons mortal—to make Malus mortal. It was the only way to ensure her demise. That’s why she wanted to scrolls. To open the fissure. To relight the pyramid. She wanted her immortality.
Kane inched forward, he’d have to improvise. Hope that destiny would intervene. Assist him.
Another grunt, heavy, moist breathing, only an arm’s width away. Whispers surrounded him. The shades. They were conspiring. Plotting.
He had to move. Quickly.
His body protested with every movement, but he forced himself to his feet. Kane had just come to standing when a flash of light, bright as lit magnesium, flared in front of him, cupped within the hands of an enemy shade. The room enlightened. Horror filled every corner. Death. Slaughter. All his allies—dead.
His mother stood in front of him, back in her original form, beautiful, yet badly injured. Her breath labored and blue eyes filled with blood and rage. What had his magic done to her? Where did it come from? 
A dozen shades surrounded him, weapons drawn and pointed at his chest.
“My son,” she spat the words, blood gurgling in the back of her throat as she uttered a weak laugh. “I underestimated you.” 
She waggled a pale finger in Fate’s direction, Fate stumbling forward like a puppet, still under his mother’s command.
“But, I still…” she coughed, her now frail body wracking, “have her.”
“Let her go,” Kane growled, clutching his wounded arm.
The Queen laughed weakly. “I actually might have considered it…shared the riches of the Surface with you…if you hadn’t mortally wounded me.” Her ice-blue eyes glared him down. “Now I need her body.”
Panic flooded him as he watched his mother approach Fate, hand extended, reaching for her. 
“What are you doing?” Kane’s breath caught in his throat, knowing the answer.
She ignored him, setting her palm against Fate’s chest. White light pulsed between them, the Queen’s energy moving from her own body into Fate’s.
“Wait! Please!” Kane took a step forward only to have the guards thrust their weapons at him, snarling and threatening to pierce his chest.
“Usus meus animus,” his mother chanted, her voice echoing through the ballroom. “Usus meus animus.”
She’s going to possess her! Right here, right now! And there’s nothing I can do! 
Frantic, Kane searched the room. There had to be something. Someone to help. 
Then he saw movement. Behind the Queen. Behind Fate. 
Vale.
Within a haze of mist and shadow, Vale appeared behind Fate, wrapping his arm around her waist and giving the Queen a quick glare, vanished before her eyes. 
“Nooo!” the Queen shrieked, her long silver hair drenched in blood and dress torn as she spun around, searching for her host body. Her eyes, now crimson with fury, locked onto Kane. “Where is she?” she roared.
He shrugged, allowing a cocky grin to glide over his lips. 
His mother screamed, her dying body bringing her to her knees. Maxim rushed to her side, setting the steel box on the floor beside him, tending to her. On hands and knees, she wailed, knowing it was her end. Without Fate’s body, she couldn’t live on. Kane had won. 
“Kill him,” she murmured between blood-stained teeth, hatred slicing through him with her stare. “Kill him, now.”
The shades surrounding him lunged forward, their weapons piercing his black skin, hot blood gushing. The prince fell to the floor, the world fading around him.
Kane raised his eyes to ceiling, knowing this was the end. But he felt at peace. Fate was safe. The Devil would soon be dead. He could die with serenity in his heart.
He closed his eyes, awaiting the dark blanket of death to shroud him. He was ready.
Cracking. 
Thunderous cracking roused him from his deathly slumber. He forced his lids open a sliver. Surely he couldn’t still be alive.
The ceiling overhead snapped and popped, the lattice of bones crackling. Then gave way.
Debris rained down. An enormous shadow descended through the gaping hole in the dome.
Kane’s dying body ran cold as his eyes focused.
No! Ever, no!

The Power of Three

“What was that?” Fate asked, holding her throbbing head in her hands. The weakness in her body was unbearable, she couldn’t even muster the energy to lift her head. 
A thunderous crash shook the building, originating downstairs in the ballroom. 
“I don’t know, I’ll go check it out,” Vale said, peering through a crack in Fate’s chamber room door. 
“I’ll go with you,” Fate offered, attempting to stand, then falling back onto the bed. 
Vale rushed to her. “I think you’d better stay put,” he stated through a weary smile.
“What happened?” she asked, draping a cool, pale hand across her aching forehead.
Vale sighed. “The Queen, she almost had you. You almost became the Devil.”
“What?” she exclaimed, cold fear running through her as recollection trickled in. “Where’s Kane?”
Vale shook his head, veiled sadness behind his eyes. 
Her throat tightened. He couldn’t be. She wouldn’t believe it. 
“We need to get down there.” Fate forced her body upright, anger fueling newfound strength. She had to help. Had to try.
Vale took quick strides from the door, grabbing her by both shoulders. “You can’t, the Queen needs your body. Don’t you understand? She’ll die without you.”
“But…Kane.” Fate’s eyes filled with tears. “He needs me.” 
He pulled her close, her sobs echoing off the walls. 
“I didn’t…get a chance to tell him how I felt,” she cried, remembering the last words they’d shared before the ball. “I wouldn’t forgive him.”
Vale smoothed her hair with his hand. 
How could she leave him to die? How could she hide out upstairs while he faced his mother alone? Was he already dead?
Fate pushed Vale away. “I’m going,” she said, moving towards the door.
“You can’t! Please!” he pleaded, following her.
“I have to try. Stay here if you want, but I can’t sit here…not knowing what’s happened to someone I love.” 
His face hardened, understanding crossing his eyes. “I’ll come with you.”

Arcanum roared as he burst through the ceiling, wings scraping against the walls of the ballroom as he descended, Ever clinging to his back.
The Queen stood, chin aloft, a terrible grin carved on her face. 
“Ever,” Kane choked on her name, horror twisting like a poisonous serpent around his soul. 
The dragon landed in the center of the room, his copper and gold scales gleaming against the light of the magnesium orb still held within the royal shade’s hand. 
Ever’s eyes swept the carnage, her brow furled with worry. Her gaze stopped dead when she saw Kane. With a gasp, she slid from Arcanum’s back and ran to him, kneeling beside him.
“Daddy!” her voice quavered as she ran her hands over him, trying to assess his wounds. Tears spilled from her eyes when she realized the extent of his injuries.
“Daddy! Oh no,” she whimpered. “I’m so sorry I didn’t come sooner. I saw her army coming…and I know you told me to go to Legion to get help…but there was no time and…” she rambled through sobs.
“Ever…” Kane struggled to speak, blood pooling in the back of his throat. “My baby, you…have to…” His head lolled back, the world edging into blackness.
“What? Daddy, please! Don’t leave me alone!” She stroked his face. “What do I have to do?”
Forcing his lips, eyes wide, he uttered, “Get away!”
The Queen stood behind her, drenched in her own blood, eyes swirling black and red. Her form unstable, face contorting from that of a graceful ivory demon to a variation of hideous beasts. 
“Ever,” she hissed her granddaughter’s name. “Come to me.”
Ever stood, though did not leave Kane’s side.
Get away, Ever! Kane reeled inside. Run!
Kane heard Arcanum’s rage, charging the Queen, dark smoke escaping his nostrils as fire smoldered behind his teeth. The world spun around him, his spent blood cooling beneath him. 
It wasn’t going to be long.
“Hold him off!” Kane heard impatience in his mother’s voice as she ordered her shades to subdue the raging dragon.
Shifting her focus back to Ever, the Queen asked of her, “Are you afraid, little one?”
His eyelids struggling to remain open, he saw Ever raise her chin defiantly and shake her head no.
The Queen stroked Ever’s cheek, then held her face with both hands and whispered, “You should be.”
With one last beat of his heart, Kane’s eyes closed.

She descended the staircase four at a time, Vale’s wisp too weak to take even one of them back to the ballroom.
“Hurry!” Fate called to him.
A flight behind her, he retorted, “I am!”
After the crash in the ballroom, followed by a few roars, there was silence. That bothered Fate more than anything. What was going on in there? What was the crash? What creature was bellowing? 
She couldn’t get there fast enough. A vision of Kane, bleeding, dying, stayed clear in her mind. What would she do without him? 
She loved him. 
Hope coalesced with fear, a sickened combination of emotions rose and fell inside of her. She bounded down the stairs with renewed fervor. 
At the end of the staircase, she raced towards the French doors, ignoring Vale’s anguished cries for her to wait.
Fate flung the doors wide open, a gruesome scene unfolding before her: necromancer bodies lay strewn about the floor, silver blood streaming from them. Arcanum, his massive body crawling with shades, lay muzzled and tied amidst the heap of slaughter. Ever stood in the center of the room, her chest pulsating with silver light as the Devil muttered an incantation. 
And Kane. 
Fate gasped, the world moving in slow-motion as she ran to him. Traversing the field of death, she fell to her knees at his side. 
In her peripheral, she saw Vale grasp a sword from a fallen fighter and attack the Queen, plunging the blade into her chest. The link between her and Ever severed, but both fell lifelessly to the floor.
“Kane,” she sobbed. Her hands ran over his chest. Cold. No heartbeat.
Fate rested her cheek on his cold chest. No breath. No life. 
Why now? Why when they both realized their feelings for one another? 
Why?
Lying there, wishing that she too would die, just to be with him, she remembered. A sudden, sharp memory. 
I’ve healed him before.
Setting both her hands on him, she closed her eyes and searched for the power that had served her once before.
Please! Please bring him back!
A slight tingling warmed her fingertips. Then, nothing.
Please, goddammit! Please!
She tried again, squeezing her eyes shut, searching her soul for some unknown force.
Fate opened her eyes, gazing at her prince, waiting. But nothing happened.
I’m not strong enough. I was too late. I can’t bring him back.
Hot, salty tears careened her cheeks. He was gone. Her eyes worshipped every angle of his gentle face. One last look. 
Fate leaned over, taking his face into her hands, his skin cold on her palms. Bringing her lips to his, brushing them softly, she whispered, “I love you.” 
A stir of energy sparked in her core. Heat.
She set her hands upon his chest, allowing the spark to flow through her. Letting the power move through her. Move into Kane.
It pulsated. Flowed. Shared.
But it still wasn’t strong enough.
Suddenly she felt two hands upon her shoulder. Electricity surged. Power like she’d never felt flowed through her. And into Kane.
Her hands burned like embers as the lightning ran down her arms and out her palms. Opening her eyes, her entire body was aglow with hot, red energy. Kane’s body radiated crimson.
With her palm on his chest, she waited. Hoped. 
Then, she felt the lightest beat.
Then another.
His heart started thrumming a steady rhythm.
He was alive!
Tears of joy stung her eyes. They’d brought him back from the dead. But who had helped her?
Fate gazed over her left shoulder, then her right.
Vale on one side.
The Oracle on the other.

Destiny

Vale held the Nexus in his hands, fingers of blue electricity danced and probed within.
“Are you sure this will work?” Fate asked, sadness caught in her throat.
He shrugged as he traversed a careful path through the mutilated bodies of necromancers. Fate cast a hopeful eye at Aura, her broken body lying amongst her murdered peers. 
The scent of burning flesh and hair wafted into the ballroom from outside, the remnants of the fallen, both sides of the battle, cremated. 
The Queen’s body was dismembered, then incinerated. Kane’s orders. He refused to take any chances. Fate agreed though couldn’t help but wonder if the act was more about retribution than necessity.
Fate stole a long look over the ballroom, her emotions mixed. So much death. Yet they’d been victorious.
With their Queen dead, the remainder of her shade army fled. Probably to regroup, though, without a leader, who would they follow? What would their new purpose be? Their new destiny?
Across the room, Kane carefully freed Arcanum from the muzzle and bindings. Worry lines traversed his handsome face. 
Ever, Fate thought as her gaze shifted to the unconscious princess, her arms folded across her stomach, silver hair framing her ivory face, blue eyes hidden behind sealed lids. Fate’s heart mourned. How long would she sleep? No one could wake her. No one knew why.
The cloaked Oracle stood beside Ever’s body, her gloved hands hovering as though sensing, perhaps healing. 
“Okay, it’s ready,” Vale said, the Nexus now rested upon a tripod in the center of the ballroom, pulsating. 
“Let’s do it.” Kane nodded at Vale.
Vale whispered one word, “Mythos,” and the orb came to life. Tendrils of energy ripped from the sphere, probing and darting about the room, each bolt finding one of the fallen necromancers. 
Fate watched as the Nexus caressed every one of the necromancers, almost lovingly. Nurturing them back to life. 
Aura was the first to awaken. 
She sat up, stretching as though she’d only had a quick nap, glanced around and smiled. 
“What did I miss?” she asked, her eyes wide and innocent.
Everyone chuckled. A welcome reprieve from the heavy atmosphere.
After awakening, Vrill immediately leaped to his feet, ran across the room and snatched the gilded box containing the scrolls from their place on the buffet table. Safe within his arms, he raced out of the room and up the twirling staircase, no doubt to hide the precious pages.
Fate approached the Oracle, careful not to disturb her as she worked on the princess.
“Yes?” the hunched prophetess inquired, seeming to have sensed the shade behind her.
“I…just wanted to thank you,” Fate started, “I never could have brought him back without your help.”
“You’re welcome,” the crone muttered, then said, “She had this on her, I am told by the spirits it is intended for you.” The old woman handed Fate an amethyst vial. 
“What is it?” 
“A potion, I assume,” she answered gruffly.
Fate sucked in a breath. Her cure. The shaman had done it. Ever had brought it to her. Risked her life to save her, and now, she might be lost to this world forever.
Necromancers rose around them, refreshed and apparently unaffected by their recent demise. Her eyes on Ever, Fate wished it could be as easy for her.
“I wonder why she won’t awaken?” Vale asked, coming up behind them.
The Oracle stiffened. “I’m…attempting to heal her.” Her voice seemed softer suddenly. Younger.
“I have to ask you, Oracle,” Vale began. “What race are you…I mean, with your healing abilities…” his voice trailed off.
She turned around slowly, her face buried deep within her cowl. 
“I suppose…” her voice trembled, “…that I can trust you,” she said, her hands shaking as they moved to pull back her hood. “You are, after all…my brother.”
An enchantment released, the elderly façade vanished. Silver hair shimmered as it was released from the cloak, falling over her shoulders and framing her youthful face. 
Vale gasped as he lunged forward, taking her into his arms. 
“Sybil!”
Fate’s eyes watered, her heart smiling. He’d found her. He’d found his sister. After descending into a dark world, sacrificing his life, his destiny, he’d finally settled his debt with fate.
Stepping away from the joyous reunion, Fate turned her eyes to her palms. Smooth as alabaster marble. No marks. No lines telling her of a great destiny, children, a husband. Nothing. According to her hands, she didn’t exist. Just a barren surface of lost hopes and dreams.
“What are you looking at?” Kane’s baritone voice startled her. She hadn’t heard him come up behind her. 
She smiled, his presence warm as she fell back onto his dark chest. “Nothing,” she replied bashfully, balling her hands shut. 
Waves of body heat wrapped around her like invisible arms. He gently turned her to face him, his heated hands settling on her shoulders. Blue eyes burning into hers, he trailed his right hand down the length of her arm, the tips of his talons dragging until they reached her own fingertips. Taking her hand in his, he brought her palm up. He pulled his gaze from her and examined the smooth, milky skin of her open hand. 
His warm breath feathered across her cheeks. “Can I see?”
She hesitated, wondering what he would think of her if she had no real destiny. No purpose. She snapped her hands closed. Ashamed.
 Kane sighed, his blue eyes searching hers. “Please?”
Finally surrendering, she exposed her desolate palm. “I…don’t have any lines.”
His dark brows pulled together. “I don’t understand.”
“On the Surface, we have lines on our palms, lines that are supposed to…tell us our destiny.” Fate thought of Shelby, reading her future on the night she…died. A lump rose into her throat. 
“Lines?” 
Fate nodded, looking at her open palm as he held it like a delicate flower. “I had a Life Line, a Heart Line…a Line of Fate, now, there’s nothing.” Her voice quivered. “I have no destiny. No fate.”
His lips pulled up at the corners, and without a word, he raised his free hand, exposing his palm. Fate gasped. It was as empty as hers. A blank slate.
“But…” she started, confused.
Kane released her hand, then cradled her face within his palms, the burn from his fingertips sending hot shivers down her spine.
His blue gaze locked with her blazing white.
“The Surface may wait for destiny to happen to them, but down here…” He pulled her close, his dark lips finding hers, “…we make our own.”

To be continued…
