Dark Tales of Vengeance:
Written by: Jessica Samuels
Cover Art By: Ryan Spitzer
Edited by: Liz McKeown
Copyright 2013 by: Jessica Samuels
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. You must not circulate this book in any format.

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents

Introduction
Boyfriend Missing Ex is a Zombie?
Bully Killer
The Tale of the Mean Boss and Bitchy Assistant
Abusive Men Die
Liars Beware
Being a Vampire in Retail Sucks Chapter 1
Acknowledgements
About the Author




Introduction to the Reader
Revenge comes in many forms, and in many ways. These are short stories about getting even with bullies, exes, and even bosses and coworkers. It even has the original version of The Killer Contract Agency, and Boyfriend Missing; Ex is a Zombie. I put in a few short stories featuring Scarlet getting even with bullying men, and one that features Ella who is an assassin that focuses on getting rid of evil bosses and coworkers. I was going to release Karma Turns on the Wicked, but plans for that fell through. I am creating the novel Revenge Sucks which will be the story where Dante and Scarlet finally meet. And it explains her vampire transformation, too. She started out as a human at first. I am re-releasing the Killer Contract Agency short which will introduce Carter and Salina who are now the heads of the Agency. It will show how they stopped Adam too. I have another story collection coming up, read on to get a glimpse of my worlds.  There are two realms I have created the: Luxor, and Crystal Crest realm. The Luxor realm houses supernatural creatures like witches, vampires, werewolves, and a variety of entities. The Crystal Crest realm is the human realm, and it houses the human population to keep them separate from the supernatural creatures to prevent them from being killed. Here is a look at my world, and Chapter 1 of the Retail novella at the end. 


Boyfriend Missing Ex is a Zombie?
Crystal Crest realm the human realm.
I sat in my apartment with my boyfriend by my side, and the memories of my abusive ex still haunt me. All those names he called me, and those women he slept with after we broke up turning him cruel enough to hit me. I got out of there, and moved on. Michael who is my current boyfriend helped me heal from it, and I was flipping through a paper when the headline front page stops me cold.
Jerry Sanderson found dead in apartment suspect is Charlotte Rain who had been dating Jerry for a few years. The two fought when it turns out Jerry was cheating on his girlfriend with another woman.
“I will be over him, Michael because look at the news article.” Michaels green eyes widened when I showed him the article.
“Okay can you stop obsessing over him now? He was a jerk now let it go.”
“I did though, and now I can really move on.”
Michael shook his head, “Well, I know what he did to you, and now you can rest easy.”
I sigh, “Yes, I can now that he is dead.”
He gave me a wicked smile, “And now I am going to do something to make sure he is well and truly dead.” 
 He has been my boyfriend for a few years, and a powerful necromancer. We had a fight over my ex since the abuse Jerky Jerry put me through still lingered in my mind.  Now he can do something about my ex even though Jerry is dead. 
 A wet tear fell down my face, and I wiped it off. Michael never came home after the talk. I thought he went to his Mom’s house to cool off, and think about where we will go from here. I called her to talk to Michael, and apologize to him about my behavior in thinking about my ex.
I picked up a phone at my apartment, and dial the number to his mom’s house. It rang and rang until, “Hello?”
“Hi, is Michael there?” I asked unsure of her mind at this point.
“Who are you? And why are you calling my house?”
“It’s Michelle, Michael’s girlfriend.”
“Oh how are you doing, dear?”
“Do you know where Michael is?”
What she said made me nervous, “Oh strange I think he is somewhere else. What are we talking about again?”
“Strange how?” 
“He did not walk in the house, but he was here in the yard with a dirty shovel in his hands.”
“And then what else happened?” I ask hoping she would stop being spaced out enough to tell me what is going on.
“He went somewhere carrying a heavy black plastic bag. I could tell he was struggling with it, but when I asked if he needed help he told me to leave him alone. What are we talking about again?” 
“We are talking about your son Michael. What happened next?”
“He left after that, and went somewhere, but did not tell me where. He did not even tell me why he is upset which is even stranger because we always talk. I’m feeling really worried about him is he okay? Would you be a dear, and find him for me? Oh well, better get back to housework.”
I thanked her, and told a few little white lies, and hung up.  She seemed out of it probably hopped up on pain medication thanks to her back bugging her all the time. It was probably nothing—she probably just saw him taking out the trash, or something equally noxious, and it hadn’t registered that he already did that. Sometimes she got stuck in her own world, and couldn’t really tell what was happening around her. It was nothing major, right? But… what was he doing with a shovel? I knew he wouldn’t be gardening—he didn’t have a garden. Besides, he lived in an apartment. Odd indeed and it had me freaking out as well. 
 I thought of all the places where he might have gone. I want to find the answer to this little mystery. I visited all his usual haunts, and I still could not find him, which was weird. Since he never disappeared like this ever, and he at least left a note as to where he will be when he does leave. This case of the missing boyfriend was getting even stranger. 
 I got the key to his apartment from under the welcome mat; A place he keeps the key just for me. I want to search there thinking he could be inside. I thought he would be anywhere but here considering he hates to be cooped up in the apartment for too long. I checked his art studio, and made sure he was not there to surprise me. A part of me thought he would set up a place, and make me a nice romantic dinner as an apology. That is, so sappy it makes me want to puke; enough of that. I looked around to see if he left anything, and to find clues as to what happened to him. I checked the living room. Nothing. The kitchen yielded no results either.
His bedroom was an entirely different matter altogether. I found a few candles in his drawer, and a Book Of Shadows. A Book of Shadows? That’s a spellbook for witches. What the hell is he doing with one of those? Really I told him to not do it, and does he listen? No. I knew he was into it, but now I have proof he is.  
I even found a key that led to his basement. A part of me screamed, “Don’t do it unarmed you stupid bitch. Do you want to end up dead like all the girls that walk into creepy basements unarmed?” 
I laugh, realizing how stupid it is to go into a dark, ominous, and in the spooky basement without a gun or a knife. All the dumb heroines do it in the movies, and then they get killed. I thought that for a moment, and then decided to save myself from the same fate by grabbing Michael’s gun out of his safe. A .45 caliber handgun made by Zack’s Armory. I learned how to fire it thanks to Michael. He taught me how to load, aim for the target, pull back the hammer, and then fire it. He even taught me how to clean it. I got to go with him to the range every Saturday. Of course, if he dies I will not be doing that anymore. I try not to think about that line of thought. I shook my head not really wanting to assume the worst. There must be a logical explanation for what happened to him, and maybe things were not as bad as they seem. 
I finally got the courage to open the dreaded basement door, and the basement was huge like an underground Cold War bunker. I turned on the lights to brighten the already dark room.  The gun was already loaded with a round in the chamber. The slide was pulled back, and  I aim at the room. I feel kick ass and ready to fire holes in the asshole that hurt my boyfriend… or the boyfriend. You know. Whatever. I search the room for more clues, burned down candles found, and a pentacle etched into the dusty floor. Herbs still going, and smoldering in a brazier? Interesting, he must be doing a ritual of some kind, but there was no sign of him. 
I spot another book on the floor the title, “The Idiots Guide to Exorcisms.” Huh? Damn. I had a feeling I know where this is going.
I heard something make a scratching noise. My heart started to pound. I froze up scared out of my mind. I started to panic then I snapped myself out of it because of the Desert eagle in my hand. I pointed the gun in places trying to shoot whatever made that sound. I tried to tell myself it was only a rat—Michael hadn’t really been that stupid.
 A zombie coming towards me it looked like my ex Jerry Sanderson, and it was him. The blonde hair he has is no longer smooth and long, but in patches on his head with his skull showing through. He did not have his alert blue eyes full of laughter; instead they are just black holes in his head. His flesh was coming off his bones, and hanging in places with his intestines hanging out of his stomach. Yuck! I know a zombie when I see one since he even smells like rotting flesh. I flashed back to a scene that made me remember why they eat living people. I  started to panic because I don’t want to get eaten right now.  
I aimed and shot at Jerry the Zombie in the heart, and it fell down thankfully. I got close to it to see if it was truly dead. It moved and I aimed for the head, and shoot it until the zombie stopped trying to get up which took 3 shots . The bangs were so loud my ears rang from the noise reverberating up and down my skull. I began shaking, and I looked at the thing realizing it looked like my ex-boyfriend.
I looked over, and who is that I spot? Michael. I found him finally, or he found me. Michael looked like a mess: dirty clothes, dirt in his dirty blonde hair, and a cut on his lip. He looked around noticed the zombie smiled, and said to me, “Hey, Michelle. Good thing I taught you how to fire a gun.” He is not dead, but alive and only injured a little. 
“Hey, dumbass,” I reply sarcastically, “don’t ever try to mess with dead things again. I have no idea how you managed to make a zombie when it was an exorcism book. If you try this kind of idiocy again, I will not bail you out. The next time I will not only let it eat you, always assuming that I don’t shoot you myself.” 
I glare at him trying to get him to realize how dangerous this stuff was. I doubt mind control would get through his thick skull anyway. 
“You’re right. I shouldn’t have tried to combine voodoo and exorcism together. You did do a good job with the shooting.” 
He hugged me, and I found myself stupid enough to melt in his arms. “I am still mad at you since you could’ve been killed. NEVER do this again, and it could have killed you.”
I smiled, “Lesson learned not to mess with the dead anymore? And to buy me dinner, and roses instead for an apology?” 
He nodded, “And by the way, it was your abusive ex I rose from the dead. I thought that was a better way to say sorry then making you dinner, but I will do dinner and roses instead. I am a good necromancer boyfriend.”
I looked at him and smiled. “I do appreciate the gesture since me shooting him did release all the rage I felt toward him for putting me through all those horrible things.”
He gave me closure from the past, and a brighter future to look forward to. Most of all he healed me, and that is something I am very grateful for. 
I looked at him, “I love you, and I am sorry for bringing up my evil ex too much. And fighting our relationship by pushing you away.” 
He got down on one knee, “Michelle, will you marry me?” 
I said the only answer that came to mind. “Yes, I will.” 
He kissed me and then I realized we will both have a happy life together. 
The End
                                                            Bully Killer
Crystal Crest Realm:
Some people get bullied, victimized, and have had horrible things happen to them. Sometimes it is too late, and sometimes the victim is allowed vengeance on the people who picked on her. Especially since The Contract Killer agency found out about all the bullying in schools everywhere, and hired dark angels to help the operative carry out the deeds. They also invented a machine that predicts what people will become when they get older. If they turn out to be a horrible person when they grow up then they will die before it happens.      
It all started with a girl named Melanie, and who was very pretty. She had long dark hair with striking chocolate colored eyes. She was not like other people because she had a specialness about her like a unique aura around her, but people looked down upon her because they thought she was strange or weird. People picked on her because of it, and they treated her badly.
She also had been crying the night before thanks to the people bullying her. The pain drove her crazy, and it seemed as if no one understood her. She tried to report it to the teacher, her parents, and the school board, but they did not believe her.  Each night she wished she could stop being timid and that someone would stop all the pain she was feeling, and let her get her revenge. She absolutely hated the people who picked on her, and she wished all of them were dead. The bullies were doing vile stuff to her such as gossiping about her, lying to her, calling her names, and threatening her life. 
However, fate decided to intervene, and brought her a surprise. It was a lovely day in June, and school had just ended for the summer. The smell of grilling and flowers in the air indicated the warm summer day had already begun. 
Melanie was walking in her neighborhood to clear her head from the mess of her mind full of anger and pain.  When she walked along Vine Street, she spotted a handsome guy with dark brown eyes, hair and a really nice tan. He was really built as well. He was heading straight for her. She wiped her eyes and made sure they were tear-free. 
He smiled at her, “Hi, my name is Steven I presume you’re Melanie right?” 
She nodded, shocked this gorgeous guy was talking to her because all the boys at school ignored her. The hot guys at least, and most of them were stuck up football players. The gorgeous guy smelled like heaven to her - Japanese cherry blossoms to be exact, her favorite scent. She also noticed his British accent. 
She stopped being shocked, and smiled back. She was curious as to why he was talking to her, “That’s my name, why do you ask?”
“I want to give you a present, and it is something the Powers That Be have given me to help you with your bullying issue. I am also a dark angel sent to help the operatives they chose on their journey to help them get rid of the bullies.” He flexed his long wings out, and retracted them. 
Her eyes widen, “Angels are real?”
He nods, “And they have been watching over you to send you to work for the Agency.”
She blinked, wondering how he knew about her troubles. Then replied sarcastically. “Oh, I thought crying for several hours did not do too much to them. I thought they could not hear me. ” She mumbled, “I thought they did not care about me.”
He heard her. “On the contrary, if they did not care then I would not be here. They do care, and they have been watching those bullies push others around. ” 
He fixed his gaze on her, showing the anger he felt toward it. “They hate it, and they sent me here to let you have your revenge, and the people who bullied you deserve what they get. They had no right to hurt you like that, and treat you in an inhumane way.”
She was thinking about all the terrible, horrendous acts they did to her. The people who she thought were her friends turning against her.  Steven looked at Melanie for a lingering moment, saw her expression, and said “You look like someone who has been through hell and back. Tell me about the people who pushed you around.”
Melanie was wondering how she got so lucky. She was now very eager to tell him who the bullies were, and put an end to their sad pathetic existence. She happily nodded and replied. “Okay, you seem like a nice guy. I will be happy to tell you about who deserves it. I made a list of what they did minus their looks because I doubt you care about that, and I do not either.” 
She took out a list of 12 people on whom to get revenge. They all had one thing in common; they loved to push people around. 
                                      The Revenge List
Emma Miller: She said I had lice in the fourth grade when I did not. She stole my stuff, and lied about it. She made everyone at the bus stop turn against me, and everybody picked on me. She is a liar, acts desperate with guys by throwing herself at them. She is mean to everyone she comes in contact with. She grabbed my hands when I cried, and tried to hurt me, and choke me.
Aria Jones: Stole my boyfriends, lied to me when I asked her if an enemy took my bracelet. Said I was a lesbian, tried to control me, threw herself at guys, tried to take people’s boyfriends away, broke up friendships, threatened to kill me, and beat me up. 
Olivia Martin: Lied to me, started drama, took my CD, and did not give it back, is mean to everyone, tried to mess up my friendship with Alice, threatened to beat me up, betrayed me, and called me childish.
Evie Brown: Liar, slut, lied to people all the time, tried to seem like she is better than everyone else, played with herself in public, got mad when I kissed Johnny, has 30-40 ex-boyfriends, is in love with every guy she sees, did not know when to lay off, stole some of my boyfriends, made fun of people, is an all-around bitch to people.
Clare White: molested me, called me names, stole my stuff, and thought she was hot stuff with guys.
Lucas Thompson: jerk, did not stand up for girls at all, hated me for no good reason, listened to his jerky friend Mason, did not stop Mason when he tried to force me to have sex with him, hurt girls, and treated them like shit.
Mason Jackson: tried to pressure me to have sex with Lucas, stuck a needle in my leg, said I had to take my clothes off otherwise he would knife me, pressured girls into sex, and is an asshole.
Silas King: told his friend to tell me it was over, he broke my heart, found someone else, and cheated on me with a guy.
Sherrie King: is a mean bully, pushes people around, called me a lesbian, wanted to fight me, lied to me about a guy.
Juliet Baker: said I was a slut, lied to people, bullied me, turned the drama class against me, falsely accused me of staring at her.
Natalie Green: is mean to me and my friends, always picked on me for no reason, hurt Chester and Bonner.
Leo Scott: tried to choke me out, and smother me with a pillow because I said something he did not like.
Note: Most of the things they did like “lied to me, slept with guys”, and acted like this or that repeated because that is why they are on the list. They lied, slept around, and hurt me, and others which is why I made this list of all the repeat offenders.
Steven looked over the list getting angrier as he read what was done to her. Horrible, especially when they threatened her life like that. It brought him back to a time when the same thing happened to him. Girls cheated on him. The guys made fun of him in high school for being different. That is why Steven got the Job in the first place. The job was to train new assassins to kill the bullies before they grew up to commit horrible deeds than just name-calling, and lying. 
He knew how she felt because he went through the same thing she did, and he was surprised she kept it all in all this time. He considered  her journey with the bullies for a very long moment coming to the conclusion that she deserved her revenge. The only way she could be at peace he decided was for her to eliminate the bullies, so she could be given a new beginning free of being made fun of for being different. 
He spoke up, breaking the long silence. “Obviously you have been through a lot, that much I can tell. And I want you to take the box I have because it will help you fulfill your heart’s desire.” 
He handed her the box, and she took it, impatient to see what was inside. She untied the bow, and ripped the crinkly wrapping paper off. After unwrapping that box all that remained was a plain brown box. She opens the box, hoping she was done with the opening to finally see what Steven gave her. 
The box housed a bracelet, and it was so pretty she had to put it on. It was like a metallic blue minicomputer, but it was lighter like a PDA.  As soon as she did, it automatically turned on with a beep. It really was very similar to a personal computer on her wrist. She started entering all the information it was asking her. It asked for her height, weight, facial features, etc.
The information was processed, and the bracelet turned into an instruction manual listing all of the features available. There was even a cloaking device attached to it which made it impossible for her to be detected or caught period. It is undetectable even to the most sophisticated systems. Not even the CIA could crack the code for it, or detect it period.   
“Uh… Steven what exactly do all the features do?” 
“Melanie, I am glad you asked. It has tons of cool features that you will need to help you with the deeds. It can transform you into a vampire, werewolf, seductress, and whatever else you wish to transform into. It has spells, oils, and potions inside.  It even gives you every power and weapon known to man.” He said it all like a kid in Disneyland trying to decide which rides to take. 
“Awesome, and I cannot wait to have fun with it. ” Melanie had a good idea. She thought about it then said. “Okay, I understand. I am going to use it for revenge. Killing the people on my list is a good service to mankind, and no one will be bullied by them ever again. I want revenge, and I want it now.”  
Melanie’s hatred for the bullies turned her into something scary just then, and Steven saw something in Melanie’s eyes that no one else saw: Revenge. It made her monstrous with long fangs and red eyes. That is the effect revenge has on some people, and they can become so twisted by bullying that it turns them into a monster thirsting for revenge. 
Steven smiled, “Ahh I remember the first time I had my bracelet on.” Steven’s thoughts were far away, and he shook his head to snap out of it.  “Good luck, Melanie, and make their deaths grisly, and bonus points for carnage. When you’re done I will find you, and give you a report.” 
Steven disappeared and went home. Melanie’s thoughts were reeling, and jumbling around from the events that had just happened a few seconds ago. The Powers That Be wanted her to have her revenge on the bullies who had pushed her around. First though, she had to list them all, and cross them off the list as soon as she eliminated them.
People to Kill:
Emma Miller
Aria Jones
Olivia Martin
Evie Brown
Clare White
Lucas Thompson
Mason Jackson
Silas Emory
Sherrie King
Juliet Baker
Natalie Pasty
Leo Scott
Only 11 people that needed to be taken down and the best part was that they would not suspect her at all since the device cloaked the wearer from leaving evidence around.
“Yes, they will get what is coming to them. It is coming back to these bullies times three.” Melanie is happy not just because of the revenge, but because she was now really strong.  Evie Brown was the first one on her list since she lived close by, so it would be easy to kill her. Melanie activated her bracelet, and transformed into a ninja with a long steel sword with a blue handle. After forgetting to tell her mom where she was, she went back inside to tell her mom she would be back before dinner. She went back out, and walked along the street. She got out of her cul-de-sac and took a left, then went down the street. 
Melanie changed out of the ninja outfit because it was too much, so instead she chose a school girl outfit. She kept the sword though. After getting up to the house, Melanie went up to the door and knocked on it. Evie’s mom answered the door, and Melanie said, “Hi is Evie there?”
“Yes, I will go get her.”  Her mother yelled for her to come, and then Melanie said in the most innocent face she could imagine. “Can we talk in your room? There is something I want to discuss with you.”  
Evie stupidly led Melanie to her room like a lamb to the slaughter. Then, the door was closed, “For private purposes of course. Sometimes I don’t want people to know about me. You don’t want them to find out about certain things either. You know all too well what it is like to hide things.” Evie was impatient with her getting to the point. “What did you want to talk about?” Melanie had no idea how to start the conversation. 
“What I want to talk about is this...” She magically moved a chair over, and she put Evie in the chair, and tied up her arms and legs. Melanie laughed, “You know what I can do, but who cares because you will not live past today anyway.” Evie was squirming, screaming, and trying to get out of her chair. She failed miserably at it. It did not matter how hard she tried she still could not get out. Melanie laughed the entire time. 
Unfortunately her mom heard, so she heard a knock at the door. “Evie are you okay in there?”  Melanie flipped a switch on the bracelet to make her sound like Evie. Evie shut up once she realized how powerful Melanie had become. And saw the bracelet to be exact. Melanie then used Evie’s voice to her advantage, and tied a gag around the other girl’s mouth. 
“Yes mom I am fine, and I was just playing around.”  Melanie heard the mother’s footsteps fade indicating that her mother left. Time to get back to the task currently at hand. 
Melanie made her voice normal. She turned to Evie laughing at her enemy with duct tape covering her mouth. The one who picked on her, lied to her, and made her feel like shit. Evie was defenseless now, and the good part was Evie would never hurt her again. Melanie finally spoke, “Evie you know you deserve it, you little slut! You try to steal boyfriends from their girlfriends. You think you are popular when really you are not. Everyone actually hates you. You make fun of people and lie to them.” She took her sword, and slashed down on the girl’s chest. Blood sprayed all over the place. 
“Oh now you do not have big boobs anymore. What a shame now you cannot play with them in public, or in front of guys.” She made a pouty face at Evie, “Aww… too bad so sad.”      
Evie was seriously beginning to freak, and she wished she had not bullied Melanie period. Then she would not have been in this situation. Her eyes squinted in pain. There was blood everywhere all over the floor. And she was crying her eyes out, but Melanie kept laughing. “Look who the weak girl is now.” She mocked. Then, she put her hand inside Evie’s body and pulled out her heart, and lungs. Evie died. Melanie conjured wolves to her side. 
“Eat the evidence.” She replied, then left. Afterwards Evie’s mom came in the room, and her daughter’s bones were all that were left. Melanie had left before anyone saw her. 
Back in her room, she took out her list and crossed Evie Brown off. She ate dinner with her mom, and went to bed.  
She got up, and dressed in a black shirt with black pants and boots. She strapped on a knife, and always left on her bracelet. She went to meet Steven in the place where she had met him the first time. 
She was hesitant at first. What am I doing? Why do I not care? I should be trying to move on, not hurting them. I should leave them alone. She felt sick for the first time about what she had done.
Steven appeared suddenly startling her out of her thoughts. “ Nice work with the killing. You cut off her boobs, and ripped out her heart and lungs.” Melanie cringed when she heard him say that. He continued, “You did a good job. Well done, and you’re a good match for The Killer Contract Agency.”
“The what?”
He sighed, “I guess I should explain.” He rubbed his head trying to think of how to explain. “The Killer Contract Agency was invented in 1969 to eradicate the awful Malian race. A group of human bullies that not only terrorized other teens, but they grow up to be horrible human beings capable of committing heinous crimes. That is why we kill the ones on your list before they grow up, and wreak havoc on the human race.”
“Do I have a choice in the matter at all?” 
He shook his head. “Afraid not because if you do not take out all the ones on your list, the bracelet you’re wearing will explode and you will die.” 
Melanie looked at him shocked, “Then why me?” She yelled still not believing she did not have a choice in the matter. Great!  She thought. I got my revenge on them, but not without a price. 
“Afraid so, but as soon as you finish the list, the contract will be terminated, and you will be free to go.” 
“At least I do not have to do this for the rest of my life.” 
He laughed, “True, you only have to destroy the ones that hurt you personally. The rest will be dealt with by other agents.”
“I will get the list done then. I had no idea I was special enough to help you guys out though.”  
Steven was delighted that Melanie would help out. It was not like she had a choice. “Great to have you on board.” They shook hands.
“Thanks Steven. The next girl on my list is Olivia Martin. No one likes her, so I will get the job done.”        
“Good, Melanie. Good luck, and make it count.” Then, he disappeared.  Melanie looked to see if Olivia was on the list, and she was the third. Oh well do it out of order, she thought. She teleported to Olivia’s house, an ugly yellow building with peeling paint. Olivia lived alone, and Melanie broke into her house.  
Olivia jumped, then gave her a nasty smile, “What are you doing here you short midget? Get out before you get beat up.” 
Melanie laughed at her. “I knew you always were a bitch. You lied to me, and tried to mess up my friendship with Alice. Well, I am not the weak girl anymore.” 
Melanie yelled, “For threatening me this time you die!” Olivia was in the air, a noose hanging around her neck, and then Melanie levitated up to her. She watched Olivia struggle for a little bit, enjoying her enemy struggling to breathe. Melanie took her katana and chopped Olivia’s head off. Blood pooled on the floor where the body fell. She crossed her off the list. Olivia’s lifeless body was on the floor. Melanie said a few words to her even though she could not hear it, “No one liked you anyway, and they are happy you are dead. The people that you were going to kill are now able to live.”  She left the room. 
She took cans upon cans of gasoline to the house, and doused everything in the stuff. The awful smell burned her nostrils. After the cans were empty she took a match, and stepped outside to the trail she left. She lit the trail, and it engulfed the house in flames. Within minutes everything burned, and she left before she was seen by the neighbors. 
The next girl on her list was Aria Jones, and boy did she hate her. Luckily Aria was easy to find, and was staying at a guy’s house. Melanie crept up to the window, and was happy when the guy left to go to work leaving poor Aria helpless.  She is another easy target to get, and one too stupid for her own good. 
Melanie knocked on the door disguised as a girl scout, and disguised her face so she could not be recognized. Aria opened the door, and Melanie gave her innocent Girl Scout face, “Hi, would you like to buy Girl Scout cookies?” She nodded, “What kind do you have?” 
Melanie smiled, “All kinds. May I come in?” Melanie walked in, and sat in the living room on the couch. It was a nice place with a few chairs, a couch, a big screen TV, and a table. It smelled faintly like lemons, and soap. 
The door was closed, and Melanie revealed herself. Aria’s face paled once the disguise came off. A nasty smile came on Melanie’s face. Aria tried to speak, but vines came out of Melanie’s hands. The stringy vines latched on to her hands and legs. A few covered her mouth, so her screams would not be heard.  
She laughed, “You are a mean bitch. You are sleeping around with other girl’s boyfriends, and breaking up friendships between people. Betraying your friends, and lying to them. People hate you, and it was only a matter of time before your dirty deeds caught up to you.”  Melanie ignored the sick feeling being near the mean person brought on. She wanted this kill more than anyone on her list. 
Melanie fixed her gaze on Aria, and took out several throwing knives.   She pulled out six throwing knives. One by one she threw them at her landing in her arms, legs, heart, and head. Aria died the instant it hit her head. The deed was finished, and Melanie left the scene. She left Aria stuck with knives to the living room wall. 
Back in her room she thought about what happened today, and about what she had done. Killing people horrifically, and getting revenge. She thought it would be good to get back at them. Instead she felt like throwing up, and stuck in this situation. It was not as good as she hoped it would be. 
Steven teleported to her place. He looks around, “Nice room, and not bad kills either. The police do not suspect a thing, and the evidence is going to lead them to a criminal nearest to the bracelet.”
She smiled, “Good. At least I will not go to jail.” 
He laughed, “Isn’t that something. Only nine people to go, and then you are free. Keep up the good work.” Then, he disappeared leaving her feeling sick, and not really willing to face everything tomorrow. 
“Does he really have to disappear?”  Another glance at the list told her the next guys were Lucas Thompson and Mason Jackson. 
The guys were easy to find considering they hung out together. It was morning when she went after them. She ended up in a park in the country with birds singing, and the smell of rain coming. It is a pretty day to be outside.   Too bad she had to commit murder instead of enjoying the day. 
She disguised herself as a blonde girl with big boobs. She spotted Lucas and Mason in the place. She went up to them, and in her most seductive voice asked, “Hi, my name is Sonya, and you guys look really cute. Will you follow me to the dark alley?” Then, she pointed near an alley with an overturned Dumpster,  that has two battered chairs, and trash cans lying around. “Right there and  we can talk somewhere in private?” She smiled, and the guys took the bait unaware of the fate lying ahead of them.
She arrived at the alley with them in tow. The smell of garbage in the air nauseated her. Ignoring it, she asked, “We are going to play a game to get to know each other better. Will you sit in the chairs over there?” They nodded speechless that this girl was even talking to them. As soon as they sat down, a pair of metal claws snapped around their hands and ankles effectively trapping them. The pain in their hands and ankles made them squirm to try to get out. It was no use though, because they were firmly lodged into them. 
She took off her disguise. “Surprise, it is me the psycho bitch stalker you guys hurt really bad.”  Lucas and Mason began yelling, but no one was there. She was not taking any chances though, and she gagged them to keep them from screaming. 
“Now I can talk without being interrupted.” Then, she slapped Lucas. “You know you should have stuck up for me when your stupid friend tried to pressure me to have sex with you. But no, now you hate me for some stupid reason.” She pulled out her knife, and turned to Mason. “And you, Mason. Did you think you could get away with it to try to pressure me to have sex with this stupid asshole, pressuring other girls, hurting others, both of you? You both are going to die today.” 
She took her knife, and cut Lucas’s eyes out, and blood dripped down his face. Mason was looking on in terror as his friend was bleeding out. Melanie sighed, “Do not worry. I will save him the trouble of suffering.” She took the knife and shoved it through Lucas’s heart to make sure he was dead. 
Melanie laughed, “Now your friend is dead, and it is your turn.” She took off the gag.
 “Now, you really are psycho you stupid bitch! I am going to tell everyone.”  
She laughed and said, “No, you will be dead by then.”  She took out her sword, and he screamed as his head was chopped off. She took off his legs and arms. She did the same to his buddy. 
She teleported some of their body parts into the Amazon River, and threw some in the Atlantic Ocean. 
After Melanie was done with the killing then she teleported to her room, and cleaned up all the evidence of what she did since she got blood all over her. Steven arrived there a few seconds later. “What no body?” 
She nodded, “I took care of it this time, and threw their body parts in the Amazon River and Atlantic Ocean.”
He smiled at her, “Yes, and you have not been caught once. I am so proud of you. You make me proud to be working here, and helping people like you.”
“I will honestly be glad when this is over though,” she said.
He gave her a sad smile, “Yeah this job can get to you, but when it is over then you will be a lot happier.”
He left again leaving Melanie to look at her list. The next people were Sherrie King and Noah Thomas. 
She put her head down for a break. All this killing was making her sick. She dressed in her nightgown, and went to bed. 
It was about 2:00 in the afternoon when she was finished with everything she had to do, and it was the summer. She thought: At least I can get this over with before school starts.  She set out for the people on her list. Noah Thomas was not on the list, but he might as well be since he threw a shoe at her, and called her a squirrel. He was an asshole anyway.  Another good thing is that Juliet Baker was with them which made this job easier.  It was not hard to summon a ghost to make sure all three of them were all together. 
Melanie leapt out of the bushes, and caught them in a human spider web. Before they said anything she gagged them to make sure they could not speak.  And she spoke, “This is a trial. Sherrie you lied to me, called me a lesbian, and picked on me. Juliet you made fun of me, and called me names. Noah you hit me with a shoe and called me a squirrel. I hate all three of you, and you all deserve to die.”
Sherrie and Noah both looked on as Juliet was turned to ice, then she was thrown into a coffin. Melanie teleported Juliet’s coffin to the ocean where it sunk 3,000 feet below sea level, and she died from suffocation. 
Sherrie was soaked in gasoline, and burned alive turning into ash. Then, Noah was teleported to the jungle, and thrown into quicksand where he died of suffocation. 
All three were gone now. She stole a car that belonged to Sherrie, and saw Clare White. She said, “You may remember me the girl you stole things from, lied to, molested, and insulted. Gee no wonder why I want you dead.” 
Then, Clare said, “Whore!” Melanie was so mad she hit the gas, and ran over her. The comment made her angry. After she ran over Clare enough times she walked home and teleported the car to the ocean with cement sinking the car down. 
Later in her room a note was on her bed. It reads:
I heard what you did with all four of them. I am impressed.  Finish the last tomorrow, and I will see you to release you of your duties.
Have a nice day,
Steven

Melanie was happy there were only a few to go. Afterwards, she would be released from doing the Contract killings. Then, she could be happy. 
The next day she woke up, and she spotted another guy who wronged her. Leo Scott, a jerk that choked her out, and tried to smother her. Luckily he was taking a jog in a place where there was no one around to hear him scream. He spotted her, and gave her a nasty smile. She smiled back and said, “Hi asshole thank you for choking me. It is time for you to die.” She summoned an army of zombies, and they ran toward him. He got ripped apart, and they even ate the bones. Melanie watched happily eating popcorn, and happy he was screaming while he was dying. She sent the zombies back after they ate his bones, and threw away her trash from the popcorn. 
She left for the neighborhood called Satterhill where the last of the people lived. After spotting Silas she tied him to a chair with vines, and then gagged him. “You hurt me, and broke my heart now you die.”   She stabbed him in the groin, and she ripped out his heart. He died within minutes.  
She went to Natalie Pasty’s house,  conjured a hurricane, and killed her by a whirlwind. She crushed her in her house, not saying anything to her just wanting to get to the last bully. 
The last victim was named Emma Miller. She stuck to going there at night. Melanie went into Emma’s bedroom, and said. “This is for spreading rumors about me, hurting me, and stealing my stuff.” A cinder block appeared attached to the girl’s feet, and she teleported Emma to the ocean where the girl drowned.
Done… the deeds were done, and all Melanie had to do was to wait for Steven to relieve her of her duties. She went to her room, changed, and slept. The next morning Steven woke her, “Job well done. The bullies are dead. Now you can enjoy a life without them. People are happy they are gone, and now they cannot hurt people. Enjoy your life kid, and give me back the bracelet.”
“Bye, Steven. I had fun.” She handed him the bracelet, and he disappeared. The bullies were dead, and they would never be able to hurt her again. She was happy that she did not have to kill anymore. A few days later she got a letter in the mail:
Dear Melanie,
I figured you would like to know what the people on the list did to deserve the agency’s attention. They were going to grow up to be some of the nastiest people on earth. We only do this for bullies that are never going to change. You can rest easy knowing you did a good thing.
Here is what they would have done:
1. Emma Miller: Killed 18 people, and that included cops and civilians.
2. Aria Jones: Would have become a black widow that killed every man she married after she used him for money.
3. Olivia Martin: Would have grown up to become a dictator, and blown up the White House.
4. Evie Brown: would have killed millions of children in sacrificial rights just to obtain more money. 
5. Clare White: Would have killed and married all the eligible millionaire men, and turned her rivals for their attention into slaves.
6. Lucas Thompson: Was bound to become the next Hitler, and start the Holocaust all over again.
7. Mason Dick: Would have been part of a drug cartel that took over the United States, and bring all of the USA to Communism.
8. Silas Emory: Would have threatened the world with a nuclear bomb, and blown up Asia and Africa before focusing on Russia.
9. Sherrie King: Would have been the famous Crystal Crest county shooter with body counts as high as 1,000.
10. Juliet Baker: Would have been the head of Operation Pitfall: the plan to sell women in the USA to a human trafficking place.
11. Natalie Pasty: Would have tried to kill the leaders of the major countries, and take over the world.
12. Leo Scott: Would have gone on a spree killing and molested 40 children before being gunned down.
13. Noah Thomas: The dastardly sniper that made over 4,000 kills. That included women, children, and the military.
Good Luck with your life,
Steven
Melanie was shocked that she actually saved lives, and all by getting rid of them. She was happy to have saved the world from those horrid people.
Melanie went on with her life, and is now married with children. And she is now a famous food journalist that travels all over the world. She has no rage, and her pain turned to happiness. 
The Agency however continues on finding bully victims, and giving them a chance to make a difference by killing their tormentors; the ones who grow up to do horrible crimes like murder, rape, and child molesting. The government is now working with them to make the world a better place.
The Tale of the Mean Boss, and Bitchy Assistant
Luxor Realm:
Sandy
In the realm of Luxor there was a mean boss named Elizabeth. She would give herself a raise, and not the people under her. She would overwork herself to the point of exhaustion, and yell at the people who work with her. Her office pet was not any better either. She was named Abbey, and she would screw up each task she was given, and yell at the people she worked with.  They were two of the horrible people working at Raven’s Office. The employees hated them as well, but would not say it to their faces.
Life at Raven’s Office was unbearable with the two of them around. People did not say anything because they could get fired. It was an all-around bad place to work at. That is why I called in Ella Evans. An assassin hired by The Killer Contract Agency that specializes in killing evil bosses and bitchy coworkers.
She first started working as an office assistant. The boss tried to ask for sexual favors. She refused, and he raped her. She was let go because she was not needed anymore. That is why her specialty is to take care of evil coworkers and bosses in The Killer Contract Agency. That is why I notified her of the situation in my job. The bitches deserve to die, and the terror had to end. I looked up the number to call her, and got it. I talked to her about the situation she said okay, and that it will take two weeks.
Ella Evans, the Avenging Angel:
I got a call from my friend Sandy. I had heard about her situation, and a smile spread across my face. Now it is time to plan and scheme to take this bitch out. The hits have been plenty though, and people all over deal with horrible bosses and coworkers. The good thing is I never run out of  jobs or work for that matter. The pay is good as well. I have gotten so good that I get paid 1,000 per coworker, and 2,000 per  evil boss that I destroy. Life is good for me, and I talked to my boss about it.
The decision is yes to taking them both out because apparently they have pissed off other people as well. I will receive 3,000 if I get the hits done right.
The boss and co-workers are working at Raven’s Office. I read all the reports from the employees, and all that they have done. The lack of raises, being nasty, picking on other people; it is terrible.
They had to die, and I doubt they would be missed at all. I set up, taking my time to plan what I am going to do. I take my 20 gauge shotgun because they both live in an isolated area. It will be loud, but I am using a device to cloak the noise.
  I bring gasoline and matches. Now it is time to do the deed, and get on with the killing. I wait until it turns to night to go after the office assistant. I am calling them Boss and office assistant because they do not deserve names. The office assistant has no one except her mom. I went to the back door, and broke into her house. There is no security system. I am careful not to be noticed at all. I spot her mom sleeping, and move into her room. I aimed the shotgun at her head, and pulled the trigger. Her head burst open like a grapefruit. I took out her mom to make sure she would not say anything about the deed. I doused the house in gasoline, and lit it on fire. With that done, I disappear before anyone notices.
The boss was next. She will not be as easy as the assistant because of her hi-tech security house. The security is made up of: cameras, motion sensors, and guards. Not an easy task because of the guards with guns. It even required key cards to get in, and eye scanners. It was no problem for me though. I have powers to solve all those issues.  Since I did not want to go in guns blazing I had to come up with a plan.
I spent the next day following her around, and I became completely invisible so I could not be seen.
The first place she went to was Starkey’s breakfast diner. After that I followed her to her job Raven’s Office. She spent 5 or 6 hours doing work, yelling at her employees, and overworking herself. Joy. I cannot wait to shoot her in the face. The following around was pretty boring if you asked me. She got lunch at Skippy’s pizza place. Worked more, and went home.
The time when she was at home got pretty interesting, and I finally found a time to kill her. I am still invisible at this point. I was never detected by the cameras. I slipped past them, and I am quick enough to get through the gate after her eye scans and key card. Even the guards did not notice me. I said screw it. She ended up calling in a pizza for her husband, and I saw the pizza guy go in but not come out. I waited until the house was quiet, and the car never left.
I waited for a few more hours until everyone was asleep, and I melted through the door. Before the motion sensor alarms went off, I looked for the security rooms. I put in a USB drive to shut the whole security system down. The USB contained a virus that shuts everything down without being detected.

After that I crept into the boss’s room, and I took my shotgun. I aimed for the boss, shot her, and the pizza guy for fun because she has a husband. The fact that she slept with the pizza guy shows that she is an unfaithful bitch. The pizza guy is no better. 
Unfortunately, the noise woke everyone up. My adrenaline skyrocketed as I ran for my life. I was still invisible, so the guards were looking around confused. I made it safely to the car. Before I left for my life I scattered bombs throughout the house. Die Bitches! Die!
I got the car a safe distance away from the house. I pushed the button for the detonator, and everything blew up making a mushroom cloud of dirt and debris kick up. The smell of smoke rose in the air. The boss and assistant are dead. I go home, and turn myself visible again. I take a shower to get rid of the evidence, and burn the clothes.
I report to work the next day. “You have made me a very happy man, Ella. Well done, and we are happy to have you on the team.”
I was just happy to help my friend, and I love my job. I hope to continue to do this for the rest of my life. I get my check that day and rest easy until the next case comes up. Then, I will have to off more evil bosses, and coworkers…
Sandy
Sarah and Abbey are gone, and Ella did her job. It took a few days instead of a week. Raven’s Office is changed to the Den, and it is a good work haven once again for a vampire donor bar. I am the boss now, and my friend is the assistant. We turned this place into a bar that caters to vampires instead of an office, and it is in a good location. Everyone loves it.
We gave all the employees the raises that they deserve, and now everything is good. No employees have been yelled at for no reason. Life is better now without them. Their deaths were reported as freak accidents. Funerals were held, but none of the employees felt like going because of their attitudes.  Now Raven’s Den  is a thriving good place to work for, and we never have to worry about getting yelled at or fired for talking again.
The End     


 Abusive Men Die
Luxor Realm.
There once was a mean guy named Alexander Couric. He was awful to women, sleeping around with them. Manipulating his girlfriends and using them for sex and that is all. He claims to have killed tons of people, but he has not been caught yet. If a girl crosses his path that he likes he uses her, and throws her away like tissue paper. He is even stupid enough to not use condoms. When the girls find out about his horrible past he says, “No one would believe you. Who are they going to believe a good Luxor warrior guy who does nothing wrong, or a no good piece of trash girl like you?” He was that awful, and begging to be offed by someone more badass than a no good shithead like him. He is a murderer who has killed and raped 9 women, and that is the reason why an assassin was called to take him out. 
It was only a matter of time before he got the attention of Scarlet Summers. Scarlet is a vigilante vampire that goes around killing nasty guys like him. Scarlet loves to kill guys like that because she feels she is doing the women population a favor. If only he did not exist. Girl’s lives would have been intact. Lives would not have been lost, and Scarlet would not have a job.
 Scarlet got the word of it a few weeks ago. After doing research on him, she found all the information she needed to know about him. Everything from his family and friends who were more than helpful in telling her all she needed to know. Not to mention tracking down the past girlfriends who were abused by him. 
They were oh so helpful in giving her the info she needed to destroy his no good, sorry ass. He even has a thing for jailbait and video game playing. The sick fuck stalks high school girls, and fucks them while he has a child in the room. He has a child that he does not pay child support for, and the douchebag calls the mother of his child a gold digging whore. He treated her like shit, and she did not deserve to be treated like that at all. He has to pay for that because there is no way she was letting him get away easily.
This was going to be a piece of cake. He was trying to move in with someone, so she had to make him die before another life was taken away. The poor girl was probably with him just so he can use her for sex. Or he forced her to do it, so he could have someone to abuse all the time whenever he pleases. Scarlet saw her mark. 
This will be fun to finally see him ended, and girls will be safe once again after he is destroyed. 
Scarlet now had his entire schedule down, so it was time to annihilate his sorry ass. She waited at his house one day, and hid to where he could not see her. 
She waited until he went to bed. Then she crept up to his bed, stabbed him in his weak spot, and aimed a 22 pistol with a silencer at his head. The trigger was pulled and his head exploded. He was dead now never to hurt girls again. Scarlet got out of there before the cops came, and they never found out it was her. They held a funeral for him, but none of the people that were there for him showed up. They were all dead. The world was safe from assholes like him.

    

Liars Beware
Luxor Realm.
Damian the Loser was a total jerk. He would be friends with his friends’ enemies, and try to cause problems between them. He would become friends with people to gain their trust, and manipulate people into doing his bidding like a puppet. 
He would do this day in and out. Lying and manipulating saying things like: “I have always supported you.” LIE! “I defend you when people talk about you behind your back.” LIE! “I love you, girlfriend and I will always be faithful to you.” 
LIE…
LIE…
LIE... 
He would say mean things behind his friend’s back; Hurting them and betraying their trust, telling their enemies things they told them in confidence. He would tell their enemies things that are too personal to say out loud. He would defend himself logically when being confronted, but really talking to lull the person into making it seem like they are the bad guy. 
“I would never betray you.”
LIE...
Lie...
Lie... 
I have never seen someone with as many enemies as he has. All those lies add up in the end. He does it not realizing how deep he will get until he told his lies to the wrong person. He is also the type to say his opinion which turns into more lies. 
“I am not a drama filled person.” LIES...
“I can say that I do not talk about you badly.” LIES...
Then, he betrayed the one person who knew his weakness. Nick Adams loves to tear down manipulators like Damian.  Once Damian told Nick’s secret to his girlfriend, she broke it off with Nick to go after Damian. This does not sit well with him since Damian lied about Nick having someone on the side. Instead, he hired Scarlet Summers the vampire to take him out, and let him have revenge. 
Scarlet loves to get even with people like Damian. Luckily for her, he is wanted for a crime since he has a past history with abusing women he is dating. That is fine with her, and she dresses up to take the liar out making sure to dress in all black. Black shirt, pants, and boots complete her outfit, and she heads to his house using the address Nick gave her. It was a pretty morning in the Crystal Crest realm, and really just another day for her since she loves getting even with guys like him. Luckily he was home, and that made it easy for her to take him out with a .38 revolver designed especially for her to use in these missions. It was not really hard to break into his house, and shoot him in the head while he was watching television. Then it was done, and he was no longer a threat. 
She calls up Nick, “The deed is done, and should I leave a surprise for the police?”
“Yes, you should put a message out there so liars will know not to mess with me.”
“Done.” And she gets to work, and it was a piece of work because when the police got there they never found a body. The only thing they found was: “Liars will get what is coming to them. That is why I exist.” Signed in the liar’s blood.
The End..    

Want more Scarlet Summers stories? Then read on to read the first chapter of the novella starring Scarlet called Being a Vampire in Retail Sucks coming soon.  
Scarlet Summers is going undercover thanks to Derrick’s Detective Agency as a retail employee. She has to solve the murder of one of the pack members of the Moon Wolf clan after their pack mate turns up crushed in the baler. They helped Scarlet escape from an evil necromancer which is a debt she can never repay until now. New allies will show up, and the customers are crazy because working in retail really sucks… 
Being a Vampire in Retail Sucks: Chapter 1
 Luxor Realm.
Chapter 1:
I never wanted to work in a retail store, but I had no choice. Especially when one of the werewolves from the Moon Wolf clan helped me escape from an evil necromancer, and I had to solve the murder of one of their own.
It is 8:00pm, and I am in the Luxor realm; the realm of witches, vampires, and supernatural creatures. I work in the magical artifact and trinket department. I am cleaning the counters. I spot a woman walking toward the counter browsing the cases, and I drop my cleaning gear since it is our policy to drop whatever we are doing, and serve the customer. 
The lady has salt and pepper hair and gray eyes like a storm cloud with a happy expression on her face like she loved being here. Her glasses fit on her hawk like nose. I can tell from her clothes she is a witch since she is wearing a cherry red flowing robe. Thankfully, she is wearing cotton jeans underneath to hide her undergarments, but her slippers clash horribly with her jeans.    
She sizes me up, and asks sweetly in a soft voice, “Do you have any good earrings that are Caladium? I want them for a friend of mine who just loves earrings.” 
She is clearly a night witch, a type of witch who uses the energy of the night to do a spell. Luckily, Fiona’s has a shield to prevent them from harming the store or employees; everything is protected. 
I say in my sweet retail voice, “Yes, we do have it. In fact we just got some in this week." 
I show her the cases where the earrings are kept. She browses, and finds the pair she is looking for; blue Caladium earrings. These are made with one of the strongest metals in the Luxor realm. I open the case to let her look at the earrings more closely. 
She smiles, “Perfect for my friend. I will take a pair as well since, I want to have a pair of them myself to travel. I really hate driving and it’s been hard to walk after I had a spell misfire affecting my leg muscles. They are not what they used to be. Vampires are lucky; they don't have to worry about that at all.”   
I smile knowingly at her, “I am happy to help you find what you are looking for.” 
There are days, like today, when I love to help creatures find items for their friends or family. I don't mind helping the nice supernatural races like her, and it makes me almost love working there. Nothing is better than watching their faces light up with joy when they get the right item.
 A few days later, the lady comes back; and I thought she was happy. This time, she was pushing a cart. “I would like to return this set. I don’t need it anymore; my friend already has a pair.” 
“Do you have the receipt?” I ask her. It is the policy when returning items. I reach across the counter for her to give it to me, and she hands me both the receipt and the earrings. I process the transaction, and ask for her card to complete the transaction process.
She looks at me again and the receipt, and walks away to go to customer service. 
Then, she comes back, “You were supposed to give me it in cash, not back on my card.”
Okay, not going to go well then. “Ma’am it was a debit transaction, and I put it back on your card which is where it was supposed to go. “
She shakes her head, “You’re supposed to give me cash back instead. I asked the cashier about it, and she wondered why you did not give it to me instead.”
I look at her, “The computer never prompted me for it and it is a debit which means the computer does not give you it back in cash.”
She glares, “Then you must have done something wrong because I wanted it in cash.  I tell this to my cashiers all the time. This is how a debit works and you should stop being so different from them. If it was over $15.00 I would have complained to the manager.”
“Ma’am, it is a computer thing, and the computers are different.” She nods like she does not believe me, and leaves. She is treating me like she knows better than me because of her, the customer is always right. That attitude is why I hate this job. 
“The customer is always right!” is the biggest lie I have ever heard.  One used by  customers so often they abuse it, arguing with the employee. Usually they are lying to them just to get one over on the company. That is only one of the situations I am in thanks to owing the werewolves,  and it makes me happy to be back in the office again, and not in retail, but here is how my journey into retail started.
I live in the Luxor Realm and away from the prying eyes of humans. Their world is the Crystal Crest Realm. The Luxor realm is like the Crystal Crest, but it has supernatural creatures instead of humans and stronger magic more than the normal human realm. Ghosts roam freely and they are no longer invisible to supernatural creatures in the realm either.
 I was a part of it until I became a vampire.  I sat on the couch in the apartment, my boyfriend Dante, and I share with a master bedroom and bathroom, a kitchen, dining room, guest bathroom and extra bedroom. We even have an office for doing missing person cases, undercover cases, and solving supernatural attacks. The walls are black and the carpeting is red with a big living room that even has a fireplace, and a flat screen television. Not to mention a secret room for rituals and spells. 
I let the warm roaring fire relax me from yesterday. There is an incense burner going I am letting the smell of apples and cinnamon take me to a place of comfort instead of stress. 
It reminds me of a time before I had Nightshade, a spirit guide who died as a powerful witch latch onto me, and way before I was made into a vampire. After the crazy day at the Agency yesterday, the sound of Dante rustling papers around comforts me, and it means I am not alone. I get up from my spot and go in his office, and knock on his door.
"Come in."
I open the door, "What are you working on?"
He sighs, "Shit loads of work thanks to the damn necromancer-werewolf-agency issues."
"Fun."
He laughs making his hair fall over his gorgeous face. His brown eyes peer at the screen, and his strong and muscular hands move the pointer where it needs to go. 
He is a powerful vampire, and my sire. Today he is dressed all in black. His favorite combat boots that can move on every terrain; they match his muscle tee, and cargo pants perfectly.
"Thinking again?" He asks concerned about where my thoughts are going. 
"Yes, just thinking about the last mission we were on. It was horrible with my friend almost getting killed. I hated the necromancer saying all the horrible things he will do to my friend’s body once she is dead and he can do whatever he wants. Eww." I shudder trying not to think about it.
"I hate vampires being powerless to stop them.” Then, he continues, “ I am immune to it thanks to my extra powers. I thank my lucky stars for that, and I hated seeing you like that, powerless against him. That douchebag of a necromancer Rick was one sick son of a bitch."
"At least the werewolves saved me, since they are immune."
"You still owe them, since it was you they saved from being played with like a toy."
"True. Can I use the computer for a bit?"
He nods, getting up, and I check my email to see if I have any coupons from my favorite store. Instead there is a message for me from Derrick. Special Assignment is in the subject line. The message says to come see him in his office now. I thought I had time off. 
“Look at this,” I say as I show Dante the computer screen.
"Yikes, I was hoping you had time to relax with me.  It is not going to happen until we find out the assignment. Do you want me to take you?"
I nod, "You know I hate driving. Period. It only says he wants to see me. I hope it is not a necromancer filled assignment. I hate those guys." 
"Okay,  get dressed and we can  hit the road." 
I change from my pajamas into a black tank top and leather pants. It is a pretty day outside. Unlike yesterday, which was cloudy. I get into the comfortable leather passenger seat of the Strider X. Dante slides into the driver’s seat of the fastest car in the realm, and we head  off to the Agency. The leather feels good against my skin. 
Dante drives to Roger’s Video store. On the way, the drivers driving on the streets drive like maniacs. They weave through lanes and cut people off. Dante parks the car when we get into the parking lot. The sky is a pretty blue but the sun shines down like an ugly ball of heat.
 “At least the sun here is not toxic to us at all.” Dante comments,  “I can still go to the beaches and surf, so being a vampire is not that bad. I don’t mind blood bags or donors at all.” 
I think about my transition, “Me neither and at least I still have my witch powers.”
Hello, Nightshade my spirit guardian says.
Yes, I am still happy to have you. 
Nightshade has been with me ever since I came into my power, and she even came with me when I died. I went crazy and ended up on the other side exploring the astral realms.
Amazing you still remember when we first met. Nightshade comments knowing my thoughts.
I always will since you saved me from permanently dying.
“I think we should move forward to see what he wants. He does not like to be kept waiting,” Dante interjects. 
“Sorry Nightshade was talking to me,” I reply sheepishly.
He smiles, “I can, too if you want me to.” 
Vampires when they are sired can talk mind to mind with their creator. 
I smile at him, “We can talk more if you want to.” 
He takes my hand and squeezes it gently, “Yes, we should talk mind to mind more, and explore the realms together.” I shake my head and walk to the store to see the boss, and get the assignment.
The store itself is white and black with a big sign proclaiming Roger’s Videos. It is a nice new store with a finished beige coating on it. The windows are lined in black. I push the door open and Dante follows behind me. The videos are all neatly lined with displays, and bright lights highlight them. I go all the way to the back, past the bathroom to the office.  
Derrick Sanders, dark brown short hair , brown eyes  with a tan. He is a warlock that loves to wear green shirts, green jeans, and fancy shoes. He always has an expression: he has seen more than he care to admit. He sat at his desk on his desktop, typing, and I did not want to interrupt him, so I waited until he was done typing to ask, “Sir, you wanted to see me?” 
He looks up at me from his computer screen and replies in his ex-army tone, the one he uses to send people into battle, “Yep, Scarlet, there is an issue that has come up at Fiona’s Corner and Café. I had heard about the owner capturing werewolf girls for her amusement but no proof, until three werewolf girls went missing a week after they are hired at the place.” 
Terrific, a retail store that has gone bad, why am I not surprised?
“And?” I ask, eager to know why he was talking about this.
He gives me a look of sympathy coming from him it was kind of scary. “I want you to go undercover. Solve the missing cases of the girls like why they disappeared. Which means going in and posing as a retail employee, to see if you can find out about the girls, and what they did for a living. The girls are members of the werewolf pack that helped stop the necromancers from harming you, and you owe them.”
No shit like I didn’t know that before… Great, just what I always wanted to do; work retail! He gives me the files on the girls, and I take them determined to enjoy the rest of my day off. 
Dante laughs, “At least no necromancers are involved. This case should be easier than the last. And a simple case to solve. Maybe?”
I pause for a moment on my way out then look at Derrick, “Hopefully, one without necromancers.”
Derrick nods, “Most likely no necromancers at all. Only a sorceress, and I am really glad you are all in one piece this time. I know the last case was pretty gory.  After this assignment, take a good long vacation then come back to me.” 
I nod, “Will do.” I leave with Dante by my side hoping this case will go according to my plan. 
I owe those werewolves and  I have to spy on the store owner Fiona Stagea. She is said to treat werewolf girls badly. Especially ones prettier than her. Not to mention that I have to investigate her husband, Ren Stagea, who was last seen with Shania Wolfson, a werewolf who went missing a week ago. 
I have to work weekends to work retail and that pisses me off more than anything else.  Weekends are the worst in the realm when I shop for items. 
I feel my body shake because I really don’t want to think about working retail. Christmas is coming up and we still celebrate it the way humans do. Black Friday is the worst with all the creatures rushing to stores to celebrate prices in the realm becoming lower than they normally are. Items that we need to survive are cheaper on Black Friday and holidays with sales all over the place.  
Thanksgiving for us means we are thankful about our lives no matter how long we live. I love the realm after adjusting to it once I turned into a vampire since I could not live in the Crystal Crest realm anymore.
 I am going to work at Fiona’s Corner and Cafe, a big retail company in the Luxor realm that sells everything a creature can imagine. Jewelry, accessories, blood bags, human body parts since that is what ghouls eat and witches use in dark magic. Clothes, coffin furniture, funeral shrouds for ghouls and ghosts, gargoyle and dragon toys. The store exterior is painted black and red with a big sign that says Fiona’s Corner and Cafe in red neon lettering. The store has furniture for mansions and mausoleums, magical jewelry and artifacts, even some mystical watches used in rituals, video games to play on huge plasma and lava televisions, bath stuff used in rituals, toys for pet gargoyles, dragons, and hellhounds. It is a pain in the ass to get hired. First there is the application process, then the interviews, one after the other.
I am sitting in a large sterile room that smells so strongly of citrus cleanser I feel like I should be picking oranges. The leather chair is comfy against my back. It is pushed up against a wooden table. I tap my feet on the floor as I wait for the interview to begin annoyed at having to wait.
 Ivy and Aqua Rivers two sisters who are water and earth nymphs come into the room to interview me.  Mom is a water nymph while dad is an earth nymph which is the only way they are related. Ivy has dark green eyes and blonde hair streaked with green, and Aqua has blue eyes and brown hair streaked with blue. They wore blue and green dresses with the same colored sandals. 
During the interview, the questions they ask are laughable at best. Have you ever sold ancient artifacts before? Are you a people person? Do you have any time where you solved a problem without help? 
I comply though, and give them the answers they want to hear. It is harder keeping Nightshade in check since she has some ideas about where they can shove it. I talk to the head of the hiring department next, and learn I have to take a background check and a drug test. Considering, blood is like a drug since I have to have it, or else I will die it should not be a problem passing the test for me. 
A few days pass, and I get called in for orientation. I have to be introduced to every inch of the store like a new student in high school. They have it on a Saturday after I work my schedule out with them. I bring a notebook with me to doodle. At least I get to go home at two. I  get a bunch of booklets to fill out, and I hate paperwork! It is such a pain in the ass, but I fill it out with the information the Agency gave me for my cover. Two years at Starbrooks, and a few at Torches, too. I graduated high school, thank god, and I have a good family life, too. The Agency sets me up with everything I needed to fill out this form: social security card, birth certificates, and a driver’s license. Not that I need to use a different one considering I have a license identifying me as a vampire.  
Oh the fun of going undercover!! I do have some control over my human blood urges but if I get angry or stressed then there it goes out the window. It is break time leaving me with my thoughts after mounds of paperwork and boring videos.
The people in the class with me went off to stretch their legs, get snacks, and use the bathroom. Whatever happens when idiots take their breaks I don’t want to know.  Werewolves like to eat raw meat. The break room has a plush red rug, soft plush chairs, blood red walls with a black charcoal floor. Vending machines are in the break room. The employees on break are eating and drinking.  Some enjoying the rest before going back to work. Microwaves are on tables so vampires can put in their mugs of blood to heat them up. There are even leather lazy boys, and flat screen plasma TVs. A nice café for the employees it even serves blood for vampires, raw meat for werewolves, and various snacks for witches. I order blood to keep my hunger down. 
After the break, we get a tour of the store. They started in the back room which is used to store the extra products. There are werewolves, witches, and vampires carrying magic items left and right. We were shown the box baler and trash compactor. The baler is a big machine colored blue with red, green and yellow buttons on it, and a key stuck in which starts the machine and presses the cardboard. It has a screen that comes down with a handle, and when the machine is on, it compresses the cardboard and then rises up and stops when it is done. To operate the compactor, all you have to do is slide open the door, and put the trash in, then hit a red button for it to be crushed up. 
The baler held my interest, especially since it was used to smash cardboard, but it was the perfect place to dispose of a body, or smash it all to hell. Of course the blood would leak down to the floor. Yuck… The compactor could probably be used for that too, and it would make less of a mess. The tour was done by the safety guy. A nice guy who is about 5’7 in his 20’s with long black hair and brown eyes, a vampire like me. He is very enthusiastic and funny which makes the tour less boring. 
The people in my class however have horrible attitudes. Especially these three chicks that seem like they are always pissed off. Witches probably trying to make it in the Witch Academy. Since it lasts four years like high school, and they still have to work a part time job until the end  when they can get a job helping other witches. The guys are nicer to me than those cold women who think they are all that, when I could care less. They try to intimidate me by giving me a condescending look, and which is ridiculous because I can break their necks easily. Or they think they can blow me away with their spells. Laughable thanks to Nightshade, but to piss them off I smile with my fangs fully extended, and they widen their eyes in disbelief. 
 We even get a tour of the other departments around the store. I saw where the frozen food was kept with the frozen blood and body parts. They even showed us the inner freezer, and holy shit it is so cold. I could freeze to death in this thing. No joke, and there are even whole bodies specifically for ghouls and necromancers inside. Of course the cold did not bother me as much as it did other people. It didn’t bother the werewolves in the group since they have a naturally high temperature higher than vampires and witches.
After the tour comes lunch time, and I take out my opaque skull and cross bones container . It is filled with blood, and it cooled my blood lust temporarily. I no longer wanted to drain those girls. The class resumes with boring movies that introduce the company: “Where Supernatural creatures come to eat, and shop without the fear of humans.” The videos feature how to react towards a customer without flying over the handle like werewolves have done in the past.  It shows a werewolf losing it on a customer and ripping their head off. That is actually illegal in Luxor, and the creature can go to jail or be executed right there by the police. The movies show the ways to act towards a customer, like saying Hi to them. Also, they show how to deal with customers all in a cheery voice that makes the employee seem like high monkeys. Or they could have been drinking Malepto; a drug like alcohol for supernatural creatures. Fun times and all the movies lasted until I could finally leave, and report back to my boss with my findings, and leave the place of retail even if the break room is not that bad. 
I get my schedule before I leave, and was given the task of getting to know my station the next day. I got in the Magical jewelry and artifacts sales department. That means playing with cool watches that transport you to places, changing their batteries, and polishing necklaces that can give you special properties or powers. 
I was so happy to get out of there. I said bye to the nice people. I left and headed home to see Dante, and get out of this damn uniform. I hate being told what to wear, but I will make this work. I will find sexier pants and a shirt just for my loving vampire boyfriend who accepts me, Nightshade and all. 
I get in our car and hit the auto drive key, and the car pulls itself out of the spot and drives to the apartment. It knows where to go thanks to the satellite chips placed in the car. It also shoots the tires out of cars driving too close with darts. I love it! Happy to be home, I sit down on the red leather love seat.
I hear the door jingle, and unlock as Dante came through the door. Yay! He is so what I need right now. Long shoulder length brown hair, chocolate brown eyes, and tan; actually olive colored since he cannot tan. He is muscular too, since he swims in his spare time. I smile at him, and he smiles back. We have been dating for a few years now, and I have never been happier. 
I opened my arms, and he sat down and held me.
“How was your day?” I ask him, and he rolls his eyes. 
“The same old stuff I usually do. You know busting cheating husbands, taking care of the Killer Contract Agency training new people. Working for the Wolf Fang detective Agency cases, and solving some supernatural cases. Researching bullies to get rid of the ones who have the potential to commit crimes. Same old, same old. Not cool undercover work like you.” He teases “I heard the news thanks to me visiting him after turning in paperwork.” God, I love it when he speaks. 
I hold him tighter since the day is catching up to me. I am just too tired. I am not used to being on my feet most of the day. He smiles making me feel like melting into the floor. 
“Thanks, I have never worked retail before, and not even when I was a human.” I tell him wondering what it will be like. 
 He smiles, “I thought it would be interesting to take the case to you since you are good with undercover cases.”      
 I nod, remembering previous cases. I usually love undercover cases the best, because it allows me to be a different person each time. Oh well. I have to do this one anyway. It will, hopefully, be an easy case that wraps up in a few weeks.  That is probably the longest I can stand it. 
I put the day out of my mind and relax. Letting the smell of Dante's cologne relax me...His presence and smell combine to make me feel safe. I turn on the TV and watch some movies that Dante and I both love movies that combine action, adventure, and romance. I fall asleep in Dante’s arms, the TV buzzing ads for products for vampires. I wish I had turned the TV off, instead of leaving it on the vampire channel the whole night. 

Acknowledgements
I had an amazing support system for this book, and I would like to thank my aunt Sue for helping me with the original story edits. I didn’t think it would be possible to revamp the Karma Turns on the wicked, and here it is.  I want to thank my editor Liz McKeown for helping with the editing too. I love what the cover artist I chose decided to do, and I thank Ryan Spitzer for his help. I thank my friends and family for being there for me when I needed them. I also thank the love of my life Jason for being there for me through the darkest times of my life. Most of all I thank God for giving me the strength to continue even though I had no idea how to go about everything writing related.  

About the Author
Jessica Samuels is a 4’8 blogger that loves writing and reading in her spare time. She loves drinking Voltage, and lives in Virginia where she received an Associate’s Degree in General Studies. Currently attending a University to earn a Bachelors degree in Mass Communications to follow her passion for Journalism. She loves animals, and would love to travel the world someday.
Web sites:
The Writing Dreamer: http://wolfdreamer25-myjourney.blogspot.com/
Author Website: http://jessicasamuelsauthor.wordpress.com/
Email to contact the Author: jdsamuels25@yahoo.com
Twitter Handle: @jdsamuels25
Facebook Fan page link: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jessica-Samuels/236480403051220
Books by the Author:
The Darkside of Human Nature. 




