
To my family and to my best friend
 
 
`
 
Our story begins in the year 1654, in a place very far away from where we are now. A place full of untamed magic and legends. Legends that come to life only when people believe in them. But this one, this one was very much dead. There was a town located at the edge of Dark Wood, an angry forest filled with dreadful creatures of the night. Wolfs, bears, spiders, and things whose souls no longer connected to the people as they once did. No, this legend is different from all others, about a classical story of a haunted mansion.  
 This little town was called Blackwood, the streets were gray, the town itself held no color. Or the warmth of the sun, just the dark shadows of old and crumbling buildings. No flower that boomed lived very long, it was dark and depressing. In a town like this you would expect dark and depressing people as well. All wore the only color that ever traveled to Blackwood, the color black. All the people’s faces and skin were pale, tired circles lay around all their eyes. But one…. 
 A youth around the age of 18, her skin a slight pale color. Pink lightly brushed her cheeks, her lips pink and thin. She always wore a long black dress with a bow in the back of her hair tying her long raven hair. Her eyes were as blue as the as the snow that fell in the winter. They glowed through the colorless scenes of Blackwood. Her name was Anna. 
 Her mother was the only one who came out from the small town to live with Anna’s father. Anna was claimed as her mother’s growing legacy of beauty. Which each passing year, the features of womanhood surfaced. Anna lived with her father, Marcus, and her grandmother, Eva. Eva had lived in the village her whole life; she was the oldest woman in the village. She lived longer than the normal person is expected, 80 years. Every Sunday, the day everybody locked their doors. In fear when the tainted animals came and stalked whoever was roaming in the night. And every Sunday, Anna listened to the story of Eva’s life.  
 “Up top that hill, the one just a few miles from Blackwood. The one in which no has been to in years, the haunted mansion. Blackwood Manor,” Grandmother Eva then rambled off about how beautiful manor once looked, how this town was the most beautiful in the entire world. The people were happy and the sun shone every day. Eva then told the story of when she was invited to the manor herself. “I was indeed, when I stepped into those doors. Magic seemed to float carelessly in the air, I had been invited there to meet the young man of the house. Whose father wished him to marry a woman from the town. Although, I promise you I was thee most beautiful at the ball. In till one women showed up.” Eva made a grunting gesture whenever she spoke her name. “Marry Beth, that’s what her dreadful name was. She was a witch I tell you, I’ve tried convincing everybody that she was. But one believed me. That night of the ball he chooses her to become his bride. Now mind you this, Marry Beth was in fact a witch! She put him under some devilish spell, an unholy deed. I then went home, all of my dreaming for the most handsome suitor waned. 
 “Days later on the night of the wedding he invited everyone in the town. When I went to the manor, that’s when it happened. I was in the ballroom where the vowels were to be spoken, his father. Ask me to fetch the young master to see what was taking him his sweet time. The young master, oh dear, there goes my memory again…” Anna sat waiting for Eva to remember whatever she had to see. “Oh yes, Victor, that what his name was. Yes, well Victor’s room was in the tallest tower, in the West Wing. I climbed the stairs to fetch him, and then when I got to the door I stopped. There was talking on the other side, I looked through to the keyhole to see what was going on. Then I saw them, Marry Beth and Victor. He looked just handsome in a groom’s outfit; he was man of 20 at that time I believe. Anyway, then the talking turned to shouting. They were yelling at each other about something, but I can’t remember what it was about. But then he turned his back to pick up something, it was a gold ring. He turned around and then it happened. She stabbed him!” Eva always made a stabbing motion with a fake dagger through her chest. 
 “And then, he fell backwards, and onto the bed. I was frightened, and then I ran down the tower and back into the ballroom. I screamed what happened, I was losing my head. The father ran to his boy to see if it was true. He ran with him to show what I had seen was true. When we got to the tower, Marry Beth was gone, poof! And only Victor lay on the bed, his eyes shut, he lay perfectly. Like a body in a coffin already, his father went to pull the dagger from him. But, the second he touched the handle, it burnt his hand! No one could touch him, so his father had no choice but to leave his son there.” Eva made a sad face before continuing. “His father soon wasted away in the manor, no longer working, and living. He soon died, and manor fell in shambles. And there Victor stayed unchanged by time, Victor’s father still tired though. He went mad, trying to convince the ladies of Blackwood to pull the dagger from Victor. 
 “That Victor was still alive, only one could pull the dagger from Victor. And restore to land, to bring Victor back. That he would marry which ever women who could pull it, and that he must by the terms of the curse. Some tired but failed, other’s feared to be cursed. And that has how the sun never shines in Blackwood anymore. And that was 50 years ago; nobody has seen Victor’s body since Victor’s father passed.” Eva after finishing her story, soon always fell asleep. Anna had heard the stories many times. 
 Some times she wished to go to Blackwood Manor, and see what has become of Victor Blackwood.  
  
Anna sat at the table enjoying dinner with Grandmother Eva and her father. There was something she desperately wanted to ask her father. Anna placed her fork on the table, then built up her courage and asked. “Father, I was wondered; tonight is the All Hallows Eve party. And many of my friends are going. I was wonder if I could as well?” Anna squirmed in her seat waiting for her father’s answer. Eva was placing some soup in her mouth when she said. 
 “I say you let her go, it’s about time the girl gotten out of the house for once. And go hunting for suitors.” Marcus, was about to protest with Eva, Marcus was a quiet man, not much to talk with. “I don’t know, you’re still so young Anna,” He turned saying to Anna, the Eva slammed her fist on the table. “No Anna is going Marcus, I know your always saying ‘don’t get in my business when it comes to raising my child’ But fact of the matter is Anna is 18 a full grown adult, Anna you didn’t even have to ask. And her 
beauty isn’t going to last forever, I will promise you that. May as well find a suitor in her prime while she still has full working, birthing hips.” Anna didn’t like it when Eva mentioned how birthing Anna’s hips looked. But Eva had a point, Anna didn’t need Marcus’ permission for things anymore. 
 “Fine…” Marcus said, then groaned as he got from the table. It took quite a toll on Marcus, to learn that his little girl wasn’t so little anymore. Marcus has always dreaded Anna’s eighteenth birthday. Anna got up at the same time and hugged Marcus, and then she said she loved him and quickly went up stairs.  
 She opened her bedroom door, then she jumped slightly up and down. Anna’s crush was going to be there tonight; she couldn’t help but feel the butterflies flutter in her stomach. As she went through her doors looking for her costume.  
 After giddy girl jumping and silent screaming into her pillow, she finally found her costume. Anna pulled it on over her corset; it was a silver threaded dress, with fake diamonds stitched onto the dress. Anna sat at her desk for the remaining time, getting her long raven hair to curl. But to no avail, she then took the top half of her hair. Tying it with her black bow, and braiding the strands of hair that flowed behind.  
 Anna then placed on black makeup for her mask, with was silver and black, and quite simple. Painting her lips a bright red, she was ready to leave. As she observed herself, she noticed how beautiful she really was, her curves finally fit with the dress. Wearing long black gloves, and thigh high boots under her dress. She placed on her mother’s necklace, it was a silver locket. When you opened it, it was a picture of her mother and father. It was a choky necklace so it didn’t fall down her corset. As Anna checked herself for the last time. She heard a small tap on the window; she walked to the window and opened. It was Garret, Anna’s crush, her best friend, Isbell, and a few of her minor friends.  
 “Are you coming?” Isbell asked, Anna shook her head and said. “Yes! I’ll be down in a minute!” With that she shut and latched the window shut, then ran down stairs. As she did she passed Marcus and Eva. Eva caught her by the arm and said. “Well hold on a second and let us get a look at you. Twirl around for me.” Anna smiled and turned around, Eva gasped and said. “Oh, you look just like your dear mother, so beautiful; I don’t think you’ll have any trouble finding a groom tonight. Isn’t that right Marcus?” Eva asked looking at Marcus, Marcus grumbled then said. “You look very beautiful Anna, go and have fun, but not too much fun.” That was the last thing he said before Anna made her way out the door. “Bye!” She waved back then joined her friends.  
 Isbell and Anna hugged, as a group of girls surrounded Anna and talked non-stop of how beautiful Anna looked. Then Garret turned to her, Anna felt herself blush, she curtseyed and he bowed. “Shall we go?” He asked, holding the carriage door for her. She stepped inside saying thank you, then the next thing she knew… 
 She was dancing to violas and drums and flutes, as they played their exciting tunes. Anna jigged and reeled with many men that night. She never lost her footing, dancing crazily around the village tavern, loosing herself.  
 Skipping and laughter took place within the drunken men’s shouts. Garret had pulled Anna away from the crowd; Anna took a small sip from wine as Garret spoke. 
 “Listen after this were going to Blackwood Manor! You want to come?” Garret asked in a high whisper, Anna almost spit her wine out. “Yes! "But, why?” Anna asked, Garret then said. “You’ll see when we get there.” Anna couldn’t refuse, Garret was going to be there, she liked the feeling of breaking some rules, and she would finally see what had become of Victor Blackwood.  
 Only four of the friends, including, Anna, Garret, Isbell, and Erik. Erik who was a new member who was founded by Isbell. Only two got in the carriage as Erik and Garret drove. Anna and Isbell talked excitingly about their night. Isbell explained how she found Erik alone, asked him to dance. Then she was golden, they danced through each song together. Anna a little dazed from the one glass of wine, felt herself go nauseated. As the street went from cobblestone to dirt road. Pretty soon it began to rain, and thunder took place of the night sounds.  
 After what felt like hours to Anna, was only fifty minutes for everyone else. They stopped in front of a big iron gate. The gates looked as if they had been beaten into many times. Dead veins of plants grew around the gates for so long. They had closed the gates shut, Anna and Isbell looked through the window in the carriage as Garret and Erik. Made efforts in breaking the plants loose from the gate to force it to open. They opened the carriage with umbrellas, Anna stepped out careful to not getting mud on her dress or shoes. By now the road was once again worn cobblestone. She walked with Garret through the gate, and threw the walk way. 
 Then the grey manor came into view, Eva was right even in this state of waning away. It was big and beautiful with old plants reaching up its walls. A dead, but somewhat alive garden was around them. And there it was the tallest tower, the West Wing, where Victor Blackwood forever slept.  
 Anna thought they were just going to dare each other into going into the manor. But Garret said. “Alright, were going to go see it, were going to go see if the legends are true.” Anna began to tremble with excitement, as Erik pushed the wooden door into the West Wing open. 
 They walked inside, to find a long, wooden spiral staircase going up. Pigeons and other birds had made their homes in the window seals of the tower. Anna pulled herself from Garret, and then started up the stairs without a second thought. “Wait Anna, have you forgotten all about us!” Isbell said chasing after her, taking Erik by the hand, and of course Garret not far behind. After a few feet, Anna slowed; this really was the tallest tower. She couldn’t imagine walking up and down these all the time. “So what do you think he’ll look like?” Isbell asked, “I don’t know, some say he always looked freshly dead. Others say he turned to ash.” Erik answered as they made their way up. “Anna, you know when we were kids you always claimed you would meet Victor Blackwood.” Isbell said, giggling. “Does, somebody have a crush on Victor Blackwood?” Isbell said, seeing half of Anna’s face, Anna turned around and said. “No, I don’t ever know what he looks like.” Isbell and Garret giggled as they could see Anna was lying.  
 When they took their finally step they were on a wooden platform. Where a black door stood, Anna suddenly found herself scared, Garret seeing his chance. Stepped forward and pushed open the door, Anna felt her knees go weak.  
 The room was circular, and in the middle facing the right hand side. Was a moth eaten purple canopy bed, where there was a dusty white sheet on the bed. Under it was someone no one has seen for years. In the middle of the white, something long and big stuck out. 
Right where his chest would be, Anna remembered from Eva’s story. How Victor Blackwood was struck through the heart, Anna didn’t feel so scared anymore. Anna walked forward with her friends next to her, then Anna curled her fingers around the edge of the sheet.  
 She closed her eyes, and then wiped off the sheet, as she heard it fall to the ground. She heard nervous gasping come through the room. Anna allowed her eyes to open and couldn’t believe what she saw. He was the most handsome man she ever laid her eyes upon. His hair, black as a starless sky, tall, slightly tan. His hair gelled back from so long ago, it stayed that way. All of his hair pushed back and out of his face. High cheek bones, a thin and pointish nose. Dimly colored lips and dark cheeks.  
 His chin aligned perfectly with his jaw line to his ears. His eyes were closed, Anna then noticed the dagger. It stuck out like a sore thumb; the blade had strange writing written all over it. The handle was of a crooked boney hand. Anna turned her attention back to his face. She took her hand and stroked the side of his face lightly. “Why don’t you go ahead and kiss him while you’re at it.” Isbell commented, Anna blushed and said. “Why don’t we see you kiss a dead man Isbell?” Anna asked, Isbell pointed and said. “Only if you try and pull the blade out while kissin’ him.”  
 Anna thought she may as well; it would be her first kiss. Isbell had already had her first kiss, but Anna would have an interesting story she thought. To her children she would say, Victor Blackwood was her first kiss. It sounded so amazing, but she wanted to see if Isbell would really do it. “Alright but you have to kiss him and try and pull the blade out first.” 
 Isbell laughed and said. “Alright, come here Victor.” Isbell said making her way to the bed. Anna stepped back with Garret and Erik. Isbell looked down then looked around and said. “Me?” They group of three started to giggle. “How, yes this do is real how could you tell?” Isbell drunkenly said as she pretended Victor Blackwood was really talking to her.  
 Isbell gasped playfully and said. “No, no, no, dear Victor Blackwood, how romantic of you to propose marriage to me on a first date. When fine Anna over here she is perfectly single.” Anna laughed loudly with the boys when Isbell finally got close and listened. “Oh, Anna he said, he doesn’t want any kiss, he wants your kiss. He wants you to pull the blade, awaken him! And become his bride!” Isbell saying standing and bowing. “Now wait a second Isbell, you had to kiss him first.” Isbell laughed and said. “But you’d be the first women to kiss him, and he’d be your first kiss. It’s really romantic, come on Anna.”  
“Yeah Anna.” Garret said poking her shoulder. 
“Fine, move out my way.”  
 Isbell moved over, and let Anna through. Anna stood over his body; she wrapped her fingers around the cold blade. “Remember you have to really try and pull the blade Anna, or it wouldn’t work.” Anna giggled nervously, Anna leaned in. She closed her eyes, and felt his cold dead lips press against her’s. She tugged on the blade, as hard as she could. 
 Then her hand lifted with something in her hand, she opened her eyes in shock. She looked at the blood stained dagger; she dropped it to the ground and looked at Victor. She was now sitting on the edge of the bed. She looked back at Garret, Erik, and Isbell. Isbell went red; Garret’s jaw was wide open. And 
Erik was too drunk to care, Isbell then waited then said. “Um, see old myths, it’s not true. Wow, I was worried he was going to come back to life, steal you, and make you his bride.” Isbell said with a nervous laugh, Anna then looked down at him.  
 “Kiss him, kiss him, kiss him!” Garret and Isbell started to chant, Anna then couldn’t help herself, but be the center of their attention, and she didn’t want to disappoint him. Anna leaned down again, and kissed his once more. But something was different, his lips weren’t cold anymore. In fact they were warming up, she opened her eyes. Something was very wrong. 
 Anna then in panic pulled back breaking the kiss when, he decided to kiss back. He Anna sat up, and then eyes flashed open at her. They were bright red, then he frowned. He deeply into Anna and she found herself unable to move, his handsome gaze peered into her. She looked with her eyes to see her friends. They were perfectly still; he looked back where Anna’s gaze was headed. His frown deepened, he tired to lift himself, but found it challenging. He groaned as he gave up, Anna found herself to move again. She jumped off the bed, but his hand caught her’s. Anna then felt Garret at her side trying to urge her out. “Anna what are you doing!? Come on!” He hoarsely whispered Anna couldn’t bring herself to look away from the man in the bed. His pleading look towards Anna, but his dangerous look towards Garret.  
 Anna then felt sorry for him, and then she asked herself. If you just woke up to remember the person you thought you loved just killed you. To soon find out your home was in ruins, and soon find out your family was dead. And it was fifty years later; you’d be pretty scared and angry too. And to only have a stranger in your mitts you think you can trust, and soon have to marry .Just because she pulled the blade from your wounded heart.  
 “Garret we have to help him.” Anna said looking at Garret, Garret was shocked and angry and said. “You want us to help this thing! Nobody comes back to life! Only He can do that, not witchcraft. He’s a demon! You can’t trust him!” Anna looked into Garret’s eyes, and suddenly became very protective over Victor. “He’s not a thing! He’s just a human who’s deathly scared!” Anna said sternly looking at Garret, Isbell walked over and said. “Garret’s right Anna how do you know we can trust the undead!” Anna looked at all of them and said. “Please! Let this be a secret! He wouldn’t hurt anybody, look at him! He can barely get out of bed!” Anna said pointing at him, she turned back to Victor to see slightly hurt in his eyes. 
 Garret backed away with the drunken Erik by his side, then said. “If that’s the way you want it, Isbell. You can either come with us, or go with the demon bride! Anna, were going to kill him, right here right now. Either you get out of my way, or you die with him! I don’t want to do this, come with me, and be my wife.” At the proposal, she felt the pressure around her hand tighten. Anna walked closer back to the bed, taking his hand tighter.  Anna looked at Isbell, then said. “Go, Isbell, I don’t want you to get hurt, go.” She urged, Isbell didn’t want to abandon her friend, but she respected Anna’s wishes.  
 Isbell back away leading Erik out of the room, Isbell left the door wide open. In case a quick escape for Anna was needed. “Garret please, just stop. He may not be a demon; he may just be trapped here, trapped in his own body. Garret please, just leave him be, he scared, hurt, and weak.” Anna placed her body between Victor and Garret, Anna felt Victor squeeze her arm. Then tried to pull her out of the way, Anna turned around. He looked at her with desperation; he didn’t want Anna to get hurt.  
 Anna looked at him, and he got the message he understood what she had to do. He took her hand and placed it on the left side of his hip. Anna grasped the handle of a sword, and then Garret spoke again. “Fine, Anna I loved you, but to protect the town, and your soul.” She heard Garret slightly whimpering, then he charged for Anna and Victor. Anna pulled on the handle, the sword slid out. Anna whipped around and pointed the tip at Garret’s throat.  
 He stopped and held his hands up, Anna walked towards him and through the door. “Garret please, if you really loved me you’d wait for me. I will marry you, if you promise to give me at least a mouth. Just a mouth! I promise, I will return and marry you.” Anna spit out the words, with regret filling the promise. Garret looked wide eyed, then said. “Fine, a mouth, that’s it. If you can prove he’s human, still, I’ll let the poor bastard live. Good-bye then Anna” With that Garret peacefully walked down the stairs and outside again.  
 Anna watched him exit the tower from up above he let the sword fall in her hands. Then she turned and jogged back in the room. She saw Victor’s efforts into trying to move, but in no avail. Anna leaned the sword against the wall. Then walked over to the bed. “He’s gone; you don’t have to get up.” Anna said lying him back down on the bed. He gripped Anna’s arm, then tried to say something. But his voice was dry; he couldn’t even make out a word.  
 Then he drew a shape on Anna’s forearm with his finger. It felt like a tear drop, then Anna figured water, he needed water. Anna got up and said. “I’ll be right back, don’t go anywhere.” Then ran down the stairs, she had to find a cup or something inside the manor. Then catch some rain water. 
 Anna fined an umbrella, next to it, was the glass Isbell had been drinking out of earlier. Anna picked up the glass and held it out the door. The rain started to pour heavy enough to get the glass full in only a minute. Anna quickly walked up the stairs, her black gloves slightly soaked. Her red lipstick smeared a bit from kissing Victor. She opened the door again, to find Victor groaning. Anna walked to the bed, and held the cup to him. He almost shoot up, he took the cup from Anna and inhaled the water down his throat. He drank the whole thing before lying back down. He huffed, then managed a. “Thank you,” Anna nodded and went to the window, she busted it open. Held the cup out again, and then brought it back him. He drank the whole thing down in one gulp. 
 After about a few minutes of doing this, he was speak able again. His voice was no longer dry; he was finally ready to speak to Anna. Anna sat on the bed with him, then curious she moved the bloodstained cloth. To her surprise, the dagger mark was no longer there, but left a scar. “Hey, hey are you okay?” Anna asked, as he turned his head and groaned. She placed her hand to cup his face, and then turned his face to look at her. “Yes, it’s just; I’m not use to everything moving in my body again.” Anna wearily smiled, and said. “I’m sorry about Garret, he was just scared.” He seemed to think for a moment before understanding. “Its alright, I would have done the same thing too.” Victor then put his elbow behind him and pushed himself up. He sat up when he looked at Anna in the face; she looked back at him for a moment. 
 He hugged on tightly to her for support, she got up. Then tired to help him out of the bed, then standing, she realized he was very tall. The top of her head was right below his chin, and then he spoke as he stretched his legs out. “I would imagine this is all very strange to you.” Anna nodded, then he said. “We haven’t been properly introduced, I am Victor Blackwood.” He bowed his head, unable to bow his 
body. Anna did a quick curtsy before saying. “Anna Raventail, it’s a pleasure to meet you. Properly of course.” With that he finally took some steps, getting use to his body again. He walked with lots of muscle weighting down on him; he had wide shoulders and small waist. Victor turned around, his hands placed on his hips. Then he looked at Anna, wondering what was to be done next. Then he remembered, he stood straight and said. “Was it my father who sent you?” Anna then remembered, she folded her hands in front of her. “Mr. Blackwood, do you know how long you’ve be asleep?” Victor thought for a moment, and then answered. “A week maybe.” Anna didn’t wish to be the bearer of bad news, but she said. 
 “Mr. Blackwood, your father, he has passed on. It has been fifty years since, you’ve been asleep.” She saw his face fill with despair; he pulled on an old wooden chair. Victor sat bent over and barred his face in his hands. Anna then remembered, there may be one person he knows. “Um do you remember a woman by the name of Eva?” Victor looked up and smiled, then he said. “Yes, she was quite a funny woman. Why do you ask?”  
“Because I’m her granddaughter, she’s still alive. She was the one who saw you stabbed. She warned your father, but it was too late. She herself tired everything to help you and your father. She told me that story of what happened that night. Every Sunday, she told me you were kind, but fierce, gentle, but frightening. I use you listen to those stories as a little girl, and I always wondered what had become of you. That is why I came here tonight, to see if the stories of Victor Blackwood were true. And tonight, that legend has proven itself.” Anna said, Victor looked at her, a weary smile formed on his lips. 
 “I would like to yet again meet Eva, one of these days.”     
 “I am sure she would love to meet you as well. But I think we both need to rest first.”  Victor shot up from the chair and said. “I have rested long enough, I’m sore not tired. But I image you are, hopefully the manor hasn’t fallen in complete ruins. Let us find a room for you; I am sure we can find something. Or we can try and sneak you back into town with your family.” Victor offered, Anna thought for a moment. “No, by the time we reach town it would be the afternoon of tomorrow. And besides I’m sure Garret would love to tell Eva and my father. That I was here, no doubt we’ll being seeing my father one of this days. And of course Eva, heck, once she hears about this. She’ll drive a horse here herself if she has too.” Anna said giggling imaging Eva on a small skinny horse, with her white hair flying the wind.  
 “I imagine she would, she was a very independent woman. Very fun to be around.” Anna didn’t want to press the question then why didn’t you choose her instead of Marry Beth? But Anna kept it to herself; Anna noticed Victor no longer needed any help. As they made their way down the stairs. It was quiet both tired to bring up a conversation. But each sentence ended in awkward silence. When they reached the bottom of the tower, Anna pulled out the umbrella. When she opened it, Victor gently took if from her. They walked outside and to the front entrance of the manor. 
 Anna didn’t look up in fear of the rain hitting her eyes. Victor found the door locked and grumbled to him. Then he got close to the door, he whispered something so quiet Anna barely noticed. Then the door flung open, Victor walked in with Anna behind him. Anna gazed in amazement, it must have been magic. For inside the manor, matched nothing at all to the inside of the manor. The inside of the manor didn’t look like it aged a day. But Anna’s horror as she looked away from the beautiful painting and many glass chandeliers hanging on the ceiling. She looked to the ground to see stone statues 
of people. They all looked as if they were staff, but they all wore horrified glances. She looked to Victor for an answer. He shook his head and frowned, and then he took her hand and said. “Come, we must go somewhere first. Something is wrong, all these statues, they represent all of my staff.” 
 Anna knew it; some kind of curse had befallen the manor. As they walked past each statue they looked as if they were running for the door, but none made it. Victor started with a fast walk, urging to get to where ever he needed to get. “Don’t let go of my hand, you may not be protected from the spell. In till we find you something to block the curse from you.” Anna didn’t want to turn into stone, and forever be stuck. Anna gripped his hand tighter, she wasn’t going to let go of his hand for anything. 
 Rushing down golden and crystal plated halls, where lights and chandlers of great beauty danced. Anna swore, some of the paintings as they passed, waved to either Victor or her. They soon arrived to red and golden traced doors. With a big stone lock on it, Victor then whispered something again. The lock fell off, Victor turned the handle, and they were inside. 
 It was the largest liberty Anna had ever seen in her entire life. The fire place, which somehow still burned, tall and bright. Tall statue of women playing interments were on the side frame of, one a harp, one a flute. “Are they supposed to be there?” Anna asked, Victor didn’t let go of her hand and said. “Yes, don’t fret; they are none of my staff. Hold on a minute, I think I remember where it…….Found it!” In a spilt minute, Victor pulled out a locket. Attach to a thin golden chain, Victor placed the long golden chain and locket around Anna’s neck. He let go of her hand suddenly, he waited for something to happen but when nothing did, he relaxed.  
 “Anna you must never take that off while you are inside the manor, even within the square gardens.” Anna understood and nodded; she pulled her long hair from under the chain and asked. “What’s going on, I thought the manor would be ruins within?” Victor shook his head and busied himself at a rather large desk, full of drawings, papers, mountains of books. Victor stopped at one picture; he pulled it from the desk and gave it an intense look. Anna went behind his shoulder, finally taking off her mask. She looked at it, and recognized it to be the dagger. Two sides of it, but only half drawn dagger. Victor looked back at her for a moment. His face blank finally able to see Anna’s face, he stared for a minute before Anna spoke. “What’s that?” Victor shook himself from Anna and said. “It’s a picture of the dagger, written in a different language difficult to understand. Only those who were born with its tongue or practice speaking nothing but this language. Can understand it context, looks like my father was trying to translate the words on the dagger.” 
 Anna thought for a minute then said. “He must have found something useful on there. Eva use to say after weeks your father went mad. He ran around town claiming that he had figured out a way to awaken you. That the ‘one’ must pull the dagger from the cursed one’s chest. He had almost every women and girl in town try. Put on was able to, I see now your father was not mad.”  
 Victor thought for a moment, then he continued to look around the papers. Anna crossed her arms, then let him be. He pulled out a rather large book leather book. Anna recognized the writing to be Egyptian. Victor walked over to the rather fluffy rug, and sat down. Anna flowed and looked over his shoulder. “You read Egyptian writing?” Anna asked over his shoulder, he turned his head. “Yes, come listen to this.” He said, his eyes went back to trailing the page. Anna took off her gloves, and headwear. She sat on the floor next to Victor, then she waited for him to say something. 
 “I think my father was studying how to free me from the curse, because look at this.” He placed the large book down, where there seemed to be Egyptian style art telling a story. At first it showed a man and women, who seemed to be holding each.  
Then Victor read aloud. “When the Nile followed, and crops grew, the peaceful Pharaoh Auke. Looked for wife after his rule, at the time of his decision a women appeared. She was beautiful, he loved her for all she was.” Anna and Victor turned their head to next page, this time it was a picture of the women in a crouch position. “The women, one moon had a nightmare. They nightmare so great it seemed to had taken over her soul. A sickness of the mind grew within her, and soon she began to believe. Her beloved Pharaoh had betrayed her.”  
 Anna this time flipped the page, she wanted to hear the end of the story. The next picture was of the man and women, who looked like they were fighting each other. “But the women’s mind grew so sick, she no longer trusted her partner to be. On the day of the wedding, is when the sickness took its toll upon the women.” Anna looked on the next page to see the women stab the man with a dagger. The dagger looked exactly like the one in Victor’s room. The man seemed to fall back, with red flying from his chest. “The women then killed her lover that day. But yet he was not dead, the people called this curse, The Sleeping Dead. When the pharaoh was curse, the land began to die, and so along with its people. The people feared the palace, for all of the pharaoh’s servants along with him. For ever slept…” 
 Anna turned the page, to see stone statues of people that ran along both pages. “Their bodies turned to stone, waiting for the day their master would call upon them again.”  
 Victor this time flipped the page this time, and on one page. A different woman, with a light auras and halos were painted around her. “But not all was dark, soon a young woman came. Claiming she would be the one to pull the blade from the pharaoh’s chest. Her beauty was beyond compare in all the land.” 
 On the next page it revealed the beautiful women pulling the blade from the pharaoh. They flipped the page, to see… Nothing. The pages were ripped out, Victor seemed frustrated, and where was the rest of story? Anna picked up along the story it was an exact event of what was happening to Blackwood now.  
 Victor got up suddenly, threw the book on the chair and continued to go through his father’s papers. “What does it mean!? Why did Marry Beth curse me, to be this thing!?” He shouted banging his fists on the table, Anna jumped in her own lap. Anna slowly got up, she gingerly brushed herself off. Anna didn’t understand what he meant by ‘thing’? But Anna didn’t want to get to close, so many things were happening for him all at once.  
 Anna wanted to comfort him, he hung his head. And was still stuck in a stiff position. She heard angry grow in his voice again, then he pounded his fists on the table. Making the flames of the fire place fly from the fire. Anna fell back as a reaction, he got up from the desk. He paced angrily around the room, speaking to himself, asking himself questions. And all the while, books and wind in the room grew crazy. Books threw themselves from the shelves, the wind whirled around Anna. She gripped her shoulder to try and protect herself from the cold breezes, she didn’t want to upset him more. Anna then soon realized the notation. He was a wizard, Anna was told that wizards and mages. Used emotions to fuel their magic. 
Anna needed to find a way to calm him down before the whole liberty came apart, with her buried in books.  
 Anna walked over to him, still clutching her shoulders. She placed a shaky hand on Victor’s shoulder. He shot around, his eyes had changed color again, this time to blue. Anna then said. “I’m sorry this happened to you, I’m sorry your father had passed. I know what that’s like, to have a parent you dearly love just pass like that. I know how frustrating that feels, and how achy it feels. When someone you think you love stabs you in the back for something you never did. You’re not alone, I pulled the knife, and I don’t know what happens in the story next. But, we can find out, go through your father’s work and find an answer to all of this.” Victor then let everything go, the books returned to proper place. And the wind stopped. 
 Anna looked at him, he looked as if he was about to cry. But no tears or wateriness came to his eyes. Anna placed her arms, around his waist, the bended them to rub his shoulder blades. As she hugged onto him, he seemed to hold her back. They stayed like that, then they went to sit by the fire again. This time they both lay, Anna hugged onto him. Trying to prevent an emotion break down from happening again. “Was it your mother who died?” Victor asked, Anna’s memories returned to that fateful day.   
 “Yes, she was very sick for a long time. She got sick when I was 15 years, and for about 2 years she was in bed. Finally she was no longer with us one morning. I had a nightmare one night; my mother’s disease wasn’t contagious. We knew because, she had a disease that made her hair fall out. And her chest grew lumps, well anyway. I went in to sit by her for awhile, while she slept. It always helped me get back to sleep, I noticed she wasn’t breathing. I panic and called for my father, he rushed in with Eva. The doctor who had lived with us to care for my mother was there too. They sent me out, and awhile later, my grandmother said the doctor pronounced her dead. She’s been dead for a year now, the doctor said, she died just before I came in. She had left me a note, saying something like. ‘Find yours now my love, goodbye, I love you so much’.” Listening to Anna’s story seemed to calm down Victor a load.  
 Anna felt a small tear roll down her face. Victor noticed and wiped it away. “I didn’t mean to upset you.” He said hugging her tighter, she shook her head and said. “No, it just, I miss her, the way she use to talk to me. Hold me, love on me, I felt protected in her arms. But she’s gone now, I must learn to mange without her now. Just as you must to mange without your father.”    
 Victor sat up and said. “I do guess though I must explain myself to you then.” Anna sat up and was ready to listen. “Explain what?” Anna asked, now curious. “Well, for the episode you saw back there, that were my powers acting up.” Anna nodded proceeding she was following. “Well on the dagger there were translation notes that described the terms of the curse. Well first off, I’m still cursed. And sadly so are you now it seems.” Anna looked shook, she was cursed? She looked at him intensely for him to continue. “On the notes, the curse is described as a broken heart spell. The spell only works on a male, a male of power wealth, and more importantly magic. The catch of the spell is, when the male is stabbed by a female. She gains his power, and everything he owns. The signs are the servants turning to stone and the sleep curse. And the land the male was protecting begins to die, you see Blackwood was once a beautiful place. My family use to heal and keep the land safe, the duty was to be pasted to me. But since my recent nap, I have not been able to do my job. Anyway, the curse can be broken the dagger describes a maid of 
one, one of I don’t know. She will pull the dagger free from the curse male, but as the male regains his power. The evil female, will do everything in her power to kill the maiden. Which is you, for as long as the maiden lives so does the male. They say if a witch is successful in killing the maiden, the male will physically live, but his depression consumes him. For the males are now connected to the maiden, therefore I am connected to you. But that’s not all; the maiden will heal the land once more. But at a cost…” Anna was at the edge, first she frees a sleeping mage, then she finds out a witch was now out to kill her, and on top of that. Anna and Victor are forever connected, and Anna is supposed to heal the land. But at what cost. 
 “What cost?” Anna asked, Victor shook his head. “I don’t know, the notes stop there the rest of the dagger is covered in my blood. And even if we tried to wash it off we can’t, the blood will forever be there until the curse is broken.” 
 Anna fell back with a long sigh of frustration. “Then why were the pages in the book ripped out, why is fate deciding that we don’t find out whats the key to breaking the curse?!” She said with slight anger and annoyance. Victor turned and looked at her, then said. “Yes it is frustrating.” A thought then came to Anna’s mind. 
 “Who was Marry Beth?” Victor sighed angrily, then looked at the fire and said. “She use to be my best friend growing up. Her mother was an herb witch that lived in the village. As a young boy learning to be mage. My mother would bring me to the herb shop, our mothers had been friends before we were both born. We grew up together learning magic, as teenagers that is where it all turned bad. She got in trouble with many people in the village including your grandmother. As I learned Light magic, her father taught her Dark magic. Both of our mothers died in a carriage accident, that’s what really turned Marry Beth. After that she disappeared for awhile, when she returned she was not the same Marry I once knew. She wore all black all the time, got in fights with all of the villagers. She spoke differently to me. On the night of the ball is when she returned, that night I picked her. I didn’t want her to ever leave me again.” 
 “When I finally had a chance to really speak to her, she was different. The way she talked was very unlady like, trust me on that. She spoke vulgarly, did horrible and vulgar things. On the night of the wedding, before I was suppose to walk down the ale with Marry. She came to my room, and this is what caught me. That we should just slaughter everyone at the wedding, just for kicks. And that we should go to war with the mortals, that we should run the world together. When she purposed this, I called the wedding off, I’m sure your grandmother heard our shouting. I held my family’s ring to her face and told her my power would never be hers. I turned to recollect myself for a moment, when I turned around that’s when she killed me. The pain was sharp, it grew cold and dark. Then I remember falling on the bed and going to sleep.” 
 Anna got back up and said. “I wonder what could have happened to her to make her like that so much.” Anna asked, Victor shrugged his shoulders. Anna that moment wanted nothing more than to get out of the itchy dress.  
 Anna stood and said. “Come on, maybe we can find a way to awake your servants.” Victor then stood, his height over towering Anna again. They walked out, and looked at the frozen people. “Alright, how do we do this?” Anna asked, Victor shrugged his shoulders. He walked over and poked a man, with 
no avail of anything. Anna walked over, feeling the shape of the man’s face. To Anna, he had more of a rat face. With two buck teeth and only hair on the top of his head, with was swirled in a funny way.  
 When Anna stroked his face, still nothing happened. Anna stepped back next to Victor, Anna shrugged and said. “We’ll figure out something tomorrow.”  
 They walked away to find a room for Anna, as they walked on she noticed herself grow very tired. She struggled to keep up with Victor’s fast pace and to keep her eyes open. Victor opened a door, to reveal a guest room. It was bright red and a fire burned, huge windows were on her left. Anna looked to see it had started snowing, the gentle flakes made Anna even more tired. Victor noticed her weariness and lead her to the bed. She sat for a minute, then lay down. Taking small pillows and buried away her head, she heard Victor giggle a moment. Before she felt him pull a blanket over her, Anna buried herself deeper into the sheets. Then noticed that she was still wearing the itchy dress. Although she was more tired than itchy. She felt the cover lift again and two fingers press over her brow. In that moment, the dress turned into a silk nightgown.   
 Anna smiled in comfort, then felt the cover move back over her face. Curling into a ball, she heard the door shut. Then fell into a dreamless sleep, as she moved in the silk blanket canon. 
 Anna still in the silk cocoon the next morning. Felt a finger poke her side, being extremely ticklish. Anna burst out of the covers, she picked up a pillow ready to hit Victor in the face. But instead, she saw a man before her. He looked deathly scared of pillow still raised above Anna’s head.  
 She let it down, then examined him, she recognized him as the rat face man. He was no longer stone, and he seemed quite clean. Anna then looked at him again, and realized, he had whiskers! 
 He had a pair of small and round glasses at the tip of his nose. Then she also noticed, the place where human ears were suppose to be. Were no longer there, instead grey round ears struck up on the top of his head. Now he really did look like a rat, Anna felt her jaw drop slightly. The man stood straight and said in a squeak like voice. “Forgive my lady, the master told me it was time for you to arise. And to wake you, I took the liberty myself to introduce myself. I am Albert, head staff and trusted butler to his grace. I’m sure my features frightened you. Most humans cannot see what we really look like. Please forgive me for poking you awake, I had no intention of scaring you.” 
 Anna found her voice and said. “Oh its quite alright, I’m just very ticklish. I’m Anna.” She said introducing herself to Albert. “It’s a pleasure to meet you Lady Anna. Seeing as you will be a guest for a long while. The master had me, take you some breakfast as well. And said, to come out and explore the rest of the manor when you felt like it. I’m sure Holly, is somewhere. She will help you dress once you’re finished with breakfast.” Albert turned around and placed a silver tray on Anna’s lap. It was full of food, bacon, eggs, toast, and some things Anna didn’t even know what they were. But it all looked so good, Anna didn’t even care what it was. This was more food than most of the villagers ate in a week. 
 “Good day my lady, when you are ready just call me. I will give you a grand tour.” With that he rat man exited the room, Anna then noticed a long worm like tail whipping in the air. Albert closed the door behind him, then Anna gorged herself.  
 Anna licked her lips 20 minutes later, with the silver tray completely empty. Anna sat up from the bed and stretched her arms and legs. Then she looked out the windows, it was still snowing.  Anna then felt the necklace still on, she went to a mirror and opened the locket. She gently brushed her mother’s picture. 
 Anna then looked around for a wardrobe, she found a wavy dresser next to the bed. Anna walked over to the dresser, and when she touched the knob to open the middle drawer. She heard yelp, Anna jumped back. Then the warobe itself, turned into the shape of a women. With doors running down the front of her figure. She looked like she had a long dress on, for Anna saw no legs. But drawers going up and down her front. The dresser lady placed her hands on her hips. “Careful please, these things are very fragile.” She said, Anna nodded. Then the women said. “Forgive me, I’m Holly, I’m called that because that was the type of tree I was carved out of.” She said her name with pride in her voice. 
 Anna then cleared her throat. “I’m Anna.” Holly giggled and said. “Yes I know, here we should find you clothes before the master comes looking for you and a nightgown.” Holly pulled open one of her own doors what looked like just skinny drawers turned out to be deep. For Holly reached her whole arm into the drawer looking for clothes. She found nothing, the she grabbed a handle that was to her side. And she opened herself, to reveal dresses on hooks. She looked at a green one and gasped saying. “Here, you’ll look just beautiful in this one!” Holding the dress the Anna. It was skin tight dress, and it was long and green with warm green sleeves. 
 It had on light green stripe going down the middle, Anna took it from Holly. Then twirled with the dress in her hand. She stopped and placed the dress on the bed and looked at it. “I’ve never seen one dress besides me mother’s wedding dress. That was a different color other then black!” Anna never got many chances to try on another colored dress. Holly laughed and said. “My, Blackwood really has gone to hell, hasn’t it?” Anna looked at Holly and nodded in a yes.   “Well go on; try it on, andlet’s see how it looks.” 
 
 Anna quickly slipped off the night gown, which after it fell from her, turned back into the costume.  Then slipped on the green dress, Holly gave Anna a pair of heels. Then Anna sat in the mirror brushing her hair. When she was ready for the day, Holly urged her out the room. Anna shut the door behind her, and walked out to see no stone statues, in fact there was no one.  
 Anna then called Albert’s name, she heard cracking and when she looked to the wall to her right. A giant hold opened and Albert stepped out, as he did the hole closed. Seeing as though there was no hole there in the first place. 
 The rat man greeted Anna and said. “Come, the master just told me to bring you to the study straight away, he seemed very excited about something.” 
 Anna remembered the study, maybe Victor had discovered something. Anna nodded and followed, as the two walked towards the study. As they did Anna watched to see what looked like humans at first. Turned into either half furnture half human, or half animal. Most of the maids had turned into mice, some of the bellhops turned into birds. But others turned into giant candle holders, with five or six golden arms. Where large candle sticks burned bright as they lit all the lights in the manor.  
 Albert and Anna came to the study door, Albert knocked on the door there was no answer. Albert opened the door, and peaked his head in. Seeing nothing he opened the door wide open for Anna. She gracefully walked in, then turned to Albert. “Where is he?” Anna asked, Albert shook his head in confusion. “I don’t know, I shall go find him, you stay here. I’ll be right back, no peeking.” 
 Albert closed the door, Anna noticed the study was cleaner. She walked over to the giant desk to see many papers with writing Anna didn’t understand. Anna saw board scribbles, on the sides of the pages. Then many well drawn pictures as well, of gardens and the forest. And among many other sceneries Anna didn’t seem to recognize. 
 Anna decided while waiting she’d look around. Find many books, she found one that peeked her desired interest. Book of Magic for Beginners Volume 1, Anna sat in a chair and front of the fire. And still she couldn’t read the writing on the page. Anna then grew frustrated with no ability to read the book. As Anna dearly wished to read it, she repeated to herself. As she flipped fumbled through the pages of the book. 
 Anna then looked in amazement, after the third time, the symbols on the page changed. To reveal English, the symbols flew around on the pages, turning into letters and numbers, which soon turned into words. The words and sentences made more sense, Anna flipped back to the first page in the book. “Spell 1” Is what it was called, “Fireball”.  Anna wondered if it was a good idea to do magic without Victor, but she decided against it. Anna read the instructions, then she held her palm facing upward in front of her. Concentrating, repeating the words quietly to herself, then she felt her hand go warm. She opened her eyes to see a fireball floating above her hand, she twisted her hand around. To see the fireball crawl around her hand.  
 Anna placed the book in her lap with her other hand. She entertained herself by throwing the fireball back and forth with her hands. Then Anna looked at the book, which said how to blow out the fire ball. The book said to just close her palm to make a fist. Anna did as the book intruded, and the fireball was gone. 
 Anna conjured it again, totally unaware of the tall man leaning on the side of the chair. Observing with amazement, he placed his hand over her face. Waving his hand up and down over her face, truly Anna could not see him, but she could hear him and feel the small force he was giving.  
 Anna felt a gust in her face, she held the fireball up, which Victor moved his hand away from just in time. Anna let the ball die, and focused on the next spell. “Shock”, Victor wondered how she was going to conjure a spell like this. She couldn’t even read the book, or could she? 
 When Albert had found Victor in the garden turning his best to fix the poor tended to garden. Which was taking a large amount of time and energy. Albert had shown up out of the breath, and explained in wonder how Anna could see him. 
 “Well of course she can see you Albert.” Albert shook his head and said. “No, see SEE me, she can see everyone in the manor, she knows I have rat ears and a tail! She has some kind of magic, and sir, I’ve had quite enough of witches.” Victor claimed Anna was not a witch, and by what he was observing, he was right. 
 Victor let the spell die, and tapped Anna on the shoulder. Anna slammed the book closed and looked back at Victor. Hoping not being in trouble for being caught red handed doing magic. “Victor, you scared me, um, how much of that did you see?” She asked, Victor grinned and said. “All of it.” Victor then whipped out a fireball of his own juggling it in his hands. Then let it the fireball die, Anna pulled out another one and stood. “I am doing this right, because yours is a different color?” Anna was right, Victor’s fireball was the color of green. Anna’s was of regular organ fire colors. “Yes, it wouldn’t change color in till your ready. Anyway having fun?” Anna nodded and swirled the fireball in her fingers. “Yes, I’m sorry if I’m not supposed to. I wouldn’t have unless the book didn’t change to English for me.” 
 Victor picked of the book and looked at it, it was the same as always. “Are you sure?” Anna nodded and said. “Yes, the symbols just changed to English for me. I just read it and well.” She let the fireball die. 
 Victor focused on the book for a moment before Anna asked. “Um, you said you found something?” Victor looked up and smile ran across his face. He placed the book down and went to the desk, then he turned and said. “I found something they may help us.” Then he read something written down on a piece of paper. 
 “It’s a letter from my father, I found in some of my favorite books. Dear Son, I expect now that if you are reading this, it means I have pasted and you have awakened. I give my greatest thanks to the young mistress who pulled the dagger from you. Anyway, here are clearer terms of the curse. Marry Beth, she had long left town after your death. I expect according to the books in the study, she is no less on her way back to kill the young mistress. But do not fret the both of you, for I have placed a spell around the manor preventing Marry Beth from entering the manor. I don’t know what will break the curse but in this event, in till the curse is broken Marry Beth and the demon that has clinged to her soul. Will forever fight her way to kill the young mistress. She will use whatever she can find to hold it against you and the young girl. But enough of dark, according to the writing on the dagger. The young girl will gain magic in her blood, she will be able to fight for herself if need be. But according to the dagger, if the mistress is slain, not only she dies, but the land around her as well.” 
 Anna waited to see if Victor would continue, but he didn’t. “That’s it?” Anna asked, Victor nodded his head and put the paper back down. “Well... I guess all we can do is wait in till we find a way to defeat her.” Anna said, Victor nodded in agreement. 
 Victor was about to say something, but then loud banging took place. Anna and Victor looked at each other, could it be Marry Beth. They ran out the study, and jogged to the entrance. When they were at the door, Victor held his hand out blocking Anna, a few feet from the door. He looked outside the peep hole, then a familiar and rather funny yelling took place. “Victor Blackwood, you let me see my granddaughter right now!” “Its, just Eva.” He said, he unlocked the door, and opened it. On the other side were Marcus and Eva. Marcus took one look at Anna and rushed in without second thought. Anna was surprised, normally before entering a home. Marcus would have asked kindly and properly, instead he rushed in right past Victor.  
 He hung on to Anna then looked at her and said. “Anna were leaving right now, I wouldn’t let you become a Demon Bride!” As Marcus firmly grabbed Anna’s hand and was rushing her out the door. “Wait da-!” Marcus backed into Anna as Marcus gazed upon Victor. Victor, very unsure how to act. 
Arched over yelping, as Eva hit Victor in the head with a purse. Victor backed away from the crazy old women with the purse. “That’s for not returning my granddaughter home. Oh for goodness sake Marcus, he’s not going to make Anna a Demon Bride. You’re letting the nonsense of Garret going into your head. I told you Victor is kind. Not a demon, remember I was there when he was stabbed.”  
 Victor then checked his hair, then straightened. “Um, it’s finally good to make your acquaintance Mr. Raventail. Anna has told me so much about you.” Eva placed her hands on her hips and grunted, then Victor turned to her. “I it is a very special and really deeping pleasure to see a long time friend. Welcome back Eva Morningwood.” Eva then smiled and said. “It’s good to see you too Victor, it’s been a long time.”   
 Eva and Victor had departed, leaving Marcus and Anna. Anna led Marcus to the room where she was staying for awhile. Anna and Marcus enjoyed a game of chess. When Marcus stopped and said. “Honey bird, I think we need to.” Anna looked up from the game and said. “About what?” She asked, then Marcus sighed heavily. “About you pulling the blade, and you marrying two different men.” Anna then thought for a moment. Then she remembered, she was destined to marry Victor, and she promise Garret.  
 “Now, in the eyes the Lord, you made you vowels to Garret. Not Victor, Anna I don’t believe he’s such a nice boy.” Anna then grew angry she hated how people judged Victor before they even meet him. “He’s very kind in the manner of speaking. He was kind to me, last night we were trying to figure out how to break the curse, and father I can’t leave. I don’t think you and Eva should either.” Marcus looked as if Anna had been bewitched. 
 “What do you mean?” He asked, then Anna said. “Father according to the dagger that Victor was stabbed with, Marry Beth the one who killed him. Is coming back, and she will do anything to kill me. Even hold you and Eva against me.” Marcus then said. “Anna, I don’t believe that, I think he’s tricking you into staying with him. He is no longer of God, he is a demon, he is not longer pure, or human. Although, saying this, I do suggest you marry Garret and leave Victor, now. Before he gets to attached you, and before you’re too bewitched under this spell. The local priest said, once you marry another besides Victor. Victor will lose grip of you, and turn into his rightful age. And dye, like every human. And the priest said he will be punished to wonder the earth as his body rots for doing this to you.”  
 Anna rose and said. “I AM NOT BEWITCHED!!!!!! AND IF MARRYING GARRET WILL DO THAT TO VICTOR, THEN I RATHER DIE!!! I WOULD MARRY VICTOR OVER GARRET, IN FACT. That’s exactly what I’m going to do, if Victor proposes and speaks his vowels of promise to me. Then I will marry him. But now, I recline my vowel to Garret, the wedding is off. Now I think you should leave.” Anna said then she went out the door. With tears streaming down her face, how could Marcus act that way? 
 He never believed in what the church said, he believed in science more than anything. Why did all the sudden did that change? As Anna ran down the hall to get away from her father. As he called after her, she bumped into somebody. She looked up into Victor’s gaze. His face turned soft as he saw Anna, Eva next to him. “Anna what happened?” He said taking her by the shoulders, Anna then hugged onto him. He hugged her back trying to comfort her. “What is troubling you, darling? What did you and father 
argue about?” Anna was crying so hard she couldn’t speak, everything was changing so fast. Her father had completely changed, he wasn’t himself.  
 Victor held on her to her gently, Anna wanted nothing more, but to have her protector near her. Marcus caught up out of breath, then he saw Victor holding Anna. Victor looked up; Victor had a slit hinge of anger for Marcus for making Anna cry so hard.  
 “Mother, Anna, we are leaving now.” Anna turned to him, then Anna pulled Victor’s protective arms still around her to show her father. I have chosen, and there is nothing you can do about it. She saw her father’s face grow red. “You are coming Anna, as your father, I still own you, and you are marrying Garret!” Eva then screamed at Marcus, and for the first time Marcus said. “Shut up women, you speak to a man like that again and I sell you over to the British Servant Society!” Eva stepped back, never had she ever Marcus speak like that. Marcus always believed women were just as equal as men. Anna then looked at her father with such anger, and she could feel Victor’s arms tighten around her.  
“GET OUT!!” Anna shouted as she shot away from Victor and looked at Marcus straight in the eye.  
 “You are coming with me! AND YOU WILL MARRY GARRET! AND YOU WILL NEVER SPEAK TO A MAN LIKE THIS EVER AGAIN, YOU HEAR ME!!” With this Marcus back handed Anna on her right cheek. This time Victor stepped in, he put himself in front of Marcus. And picked up Marcus by his over coat. Victor’s eyes turned a bright red as he said. “Never hit her again, father or not.” He turned and threw Marcus at the door, Marcus stopped in mid air just before he hit the door. The door opened, Marcus placed on the other side. And the door slammed shut and locked itself. Then Marcus continued to bang on the door. 
 Eva was crying in shock of her son ever saying that to her. Anna still on the floor shocked by the hit, Victor walked to her. He bent down, and looked at her. He lifted her up into his arms, and she buried her face into his chest. She hung onto him with dear life and cried her eyes out. Eva then wiped her eyes clean, then said. “Victor if what you told me is true, then I do believe that Marry Beth is here. And she posses my son. Anna, that was not your father, he would never yell or hit you like that.” Then thought of it, Eva maybe right. Then she needed to tell Victor what Marcus said. “Victor, Marcus mentioned, or what it sounded like was. If I marry another, then the bond between us, is broken. And the curse on me will be broken. But you will wonder aimless on the earth as a rotting corpse. And I promised I wouldn’t let that happen to you, and I am sorry for him. He would never say that.”  
 Victor held her closer to him, then said. “I’m sure, Eva has told me about him, and so have you. He sounds like a good man, and I hope to properly meet with him. Once we defeat Marry Beth and end the curse.” Eva then said. “Victor, I think this old women needs to take a walk for a moment.” Victor nodded and said. “I’ll take Anna to her room.” He then walked away with Anna in his arms. 
 Anna too afaired of letting go of Victor.  
 Victor, placed Anna on the bed, and sat on the edge of the bed with her. Anna sat up, then pulled the unexpecting Victor down with her. This unnormal for most people, no man or women, were ever in the same bed together unless married.  
 “Anna doesn’t this seem a bit improper?” He asked, as he was stiff. Anna shook her head and said. “Yes, but my father, I have always had a man in my life. And now, you’re all I have Victor.” Victor seemed to wearily smile, and then Anna spoke again. “He and Garret spoke so cruelly of you, before they even got to know you, and…” Anna then felt a rush of emotion swipe past her like a wave, she couldn’t control her hormones. Victor saw her distraught, he sat up with her and placed his hands on her hips. The source of her hormonal outbreak, his hands glowed. As the magic calmed her, she took deeper breathes. 
 Within seconds Anna was laying on the bed totally exusted from the emotional outbreak. Victor lay with her in an attempt to put her in a sleeping spell. Which he barely had to do considering she was so tired. 
 Victor wrapped the sheets around Anna then said. “Holly, come out here please.”  
Holly the little dresser turned into her half human form.  
 “Yes master?” “Tell me of the deciousion Anna and her father were having.” Holly sighed and said. “I don’t know if you’ll be happy or confused by this but. Anna’s father suggested Anna to marry Garret, and that Anna was under a spell. Anna said this after her father claimed this. ‘IF MARRYING GARRET WILL DO THAT TO VICTOR, THEN I RATHER DIE!!! I WOULD MARRY VICTOR OVER GARRET, IN FACT. That’s exactly what I’m going to do, if Victor proposes and speaks his vowels of promise to me. Then I will marry him. But now, I recline my vowel to Garret, the wedding is off’”. Holly said this by opening her mouth and Anna’s voice was portrayed.  
 Victor had mixed feelings, then looked back at Anna. A true beauty she was, but Victor’s kind lived for centuries. His father had married a human woman long ago. Humans had no power in their blood, magic is what made them live for such a long time. Victor remembered his father, he remembered Victor’s father always looking the age of 24. Only when other mortals saw him, did he make himself look like a middle aged man. Victor’s father was 342 years old when Victor was stabbed. Victor then wondered, now that Anna had magic in her blood. Could it be possible that she would live a long youthful like himself.? 
Victor walked over to her, she awoke him. She choose him, today, by hiding within Victor’s arms. She chose him; he was the only man she had now. He felt a sense of responalbilty now, she was his to protect. Victor brushed her lips with the back of his hand, these lips. Of which a kiss of life was given to him. And he didn’t even ask for it, she chose him over Garret. She ran to him for safety and for comfort, not her father. He had only known her for two days, and feelings within him began to stir for her.  
He knew it wasn’t the curse’s connection binding him to this. It was true feeling, a feeling his only recognized when he saw Marry Beth at the ball. But Anna was something else, she was made for him.  
 He walked to the opposite side of the bed, sat and brushed the long beautiful hair out of Anna’s face. Anna turned over lazily and wrapped her arms around Victor’s waist as if he was teddy bear. Feeling this deeply improper and perverted of him, for thinking of such thoughts he was having now.  
 He got up away quickly and quietly and thought it better to separate himself from the vulnerable Anna. And go work more on the garden to distract himself.  
 An hour later, Anna awoke, she got up and wondered how she had fallen asleep. She got out of bed in the green dress. She brushed her hair quickly and slipped on her shoes.  
  She walked out of the room, it was only 10:30. She walked around to see none of the wonderful half human half furniture or half human half animal people. When she called for Albert, not even he showed himself. The manor was dark, the candles blown out. And everything was eerily quiet; Anna made her way to the study. But Victor was not there, the fireplace was even blown out. The windows gave a blue grey light as shadows of snowflakes on the carpet fell. Anna felt very cold, and when she blew out a big breath, her breath turned to fog.  
 She rubbed her shoulders and wondered what was going on. Anna then repeated the Fireball spell and a fireball appeared. Anna held it up as a light, she threw the fireball at the fire place. But it did not light, Anna found a blanket on the chair and sat on the shaggy carpet.  
 As Anna tried to warm herself of up, she heard the ruffling of papers. She turned around quickly to see papers flying from the desk. Anna got up, and held the fireball over her head. Then she heard the clashing of books falling to the ground behind her. She turned around to see no one there, as Anna turned around looking for what was in the room with her. Her fireball unexpectly went out, the room became pitch black.  
 Anna’s heart beat over and over, harder and harder. She felt herself almost go into panic, until two hands pushed her. Not very hard but when she landed and opened her eyes. She got up to see everything old, and tattered. 
 The chair scratched up, all the papers and books spread all over the place. The beautiful statue women who had once were beautiful and bright. Now the fell apart, even the blanket around Anna had turned into a rag. She dropped the rag and ran out of the study. When she did the majestic beauty she had once seen. Know the giant windows were boarded up and broken, the floors cracks. The painting on the floor tore up and even most missing.  
 Anna then shouted Victor’s name, but he did not answer back. Anna then thought, of the one place he may be. She ran out the manor, and then noticed, she was back in her costume. Even her mask was back on her face, Anna then felt around her neck for the locket Victor gave her. It was not there, she then felt herself run through the halls and out of the doors. Which were surprising open, and when she looked outside everything was worst. Well worst then Blackwood was normally, then Anna looked towards the West Wing. She tried to open the door but found it boarded shut. Anna then kicked at the door, and kicked again. When the door busted open, Anna at the bottom shouted his name. He still did not answer. 
 Anna then ran up the spiral staircase to afaired to stop herself. Then she got to the landing and turned the door handle, when she did. She busted into the room, and she looked around. He still wasn’t here, Anna felt herself begin to cry. Then she heard footsteps behind her, she turned around to see a person behind the door.  
He stepped forward, and Anna’s heart ached from his very site. 
It was Victor. 
 But more corpse like, his clothes tattered in his groom outfit. His face a blue pale and large dark circles formed around his eyes, and on one side of his face. Was what looked like a spot of his rotting cheek, you could see his teeth behind strands of flesh. He held out his hand to close the door, and Anna realized that his hands were now bones. Then he looked at her with sadness and anger all at the same time.  
“Why?” He simply asked 
 “Why, what? Victor what happened to you??” Anna asked with worry and panic in her voice. “Why? Why did you marry him Anna. My sweet Anna, why did you marry Garret? You said you loved me, you said we’d be together for the rest of forever. Why, why my love. Why do you no longer love me?” Anna had completely no idea what he was talking about. “What? I didn’t marry Garret, Victor please tell me what is going on? Why are you like this Victor, please answer my question. I don’t love Garret I never will and I would never ever marry him.” “Then why did you, Anna be with me forever. I love you, be with me forever.” He walked closer to Anna, she was frightened. He got close to her face, then Anna noticed something funny. 
 She couldn’t smell him; in fact she couldn’t smell anything. As Anna was about to come to the revolution of something. Victor kissed her, Anna couldn’t help but kiss back then he murmured under his breath. “Be with me forever.” Then Anna felt an immoral pain in her stomach. She backed away from him to see he had stabbed her, with the very dagger she pulled from his heart. Anna in a state of panic looked back at Victor. And lonely tear came from his eye. Then she heard his voice in the distant calling her name. 
Everything then was pitch black again, and she was lying on a bed, and someone was shaking her. “Anna, Anna, Anna wake up!” She opened her eyes to see Victor, healthy and alive. She flew in a sit up position and took in a large breath. Her body in cold sweat, then Victor shook her awake again and then asked. “Anna, are you alright? Speak to me!” Anna then looked at him and said. “I’m alright.” Then Victor took her within his arms and held her. “I had thought Marry really had gotten to you. You’d had been screaming in your sleep for over three hours.” Victor seemed for panicky then Anna did but she welcomed his touch.  
Anna held onto him, then she took her face away from his chest to look down. She had a wet spot over her stomach; she lifted her shirt, to see a small, but deep punched mark on her lower stomach. “Oh my…” Anna then realized could that dream have been real? She lay back down realizing her pain Victor placed his hand over Anna’s injury and whispered chants. A white light appeared from under his hand, and when he lifted it the wound was gone. Only soft pink flesh was left, then he pulled her shirt back down. 
He felt her forehead then compared it with his own. “You’re not sick, but how in the world did you get that stab mark. Did you dream of someone killing you?” Anna looked at him with sad eyes, then she said. “Yes,” as a quiet whisper. “Who, or what did this person look like?” Anna couldn’t bring herself to answer loudly, but then she said. “……….you did.” He seemed to hear her cause he shot up in shock. “What?” He asked quietly. “You did, it was awful the manor was in ruins the whole place there wasn’t anybody. At first though everything was normal, then I tried to find you. I couldn’t find you anywhere in the manor. So I went to the West Wing, when I got in the room you weren’t there at first. Then I turned 
around and there you were. But you looked like a corsep your hands were bones, all of the color had been drained from you. Then you asked why I had married Garret, and why I left. Then you got close to me, you were whispering something. Then you kissed me, then stabbed me. But Victor no that would never happen.” She hung onto him, to know he was real and would never kill her.  
Victor’s hand then stroked her hair, she closed her eyes for a minute. She opened them again to see herself in the mirror reflection, and undead Victor holding her. She pushed him away and looked at him with her own eyes. He was alive and normal Victor. She looked back and him and herself in the mirror. “What, what did you see?” He asked her. “Oh, Victor I can’t tell what is a dream and what is real. Just a minute, I saw your corsep holding me.”  
“Oh no.” He whispered, then Anna looked at him. “What oh no?” She asked him, then he asked. “Did you father leave anything while he was here. Anything, even if it’s the smallest thing?” “Well, no, I didn’t seem him set down anything.” Then Victor got off the bed, and looked under it. Then he spotted something, he pulled out a wood doll. Poorly made, it was just sticks tided together to look like a doll. “What is it?” Anna asked pulling the covers further over herself. “It’s a dream doll, parents normally use it on children to give them good dreams. Or bad ones to teach them a lesson, looks like Marry Beth sent your father in here to drop this off. Marry was spealized in the tricks of the mind, and spirits of the undead of unfortunate futures. This doll will tell us a lot more, if the doll makes the flames burn blue then the spirit connected to the doll isn’t here. But if the fire turns green, then looks like the spirit in your dreams may be here with us.” Anna looked terrified then she looked at the doll and then at the fire. “Throw it.” She said. 
Victor walked to the fire, and threw the doll in, he back up. Then the fire burst, and green was the color that took place of the beautiful organ flames. The spirit, then was in the room with Anna and Victor.  
 “What kind of spirit is it, it can’t be you?” Anna asked as Victor sat at the desk reading through a rather thick book. “It sounds like, an Ombre Inconnue, meaning nameless shadow in French. These souls are the type that have died before born. They are left blank souls willing to take the form of whomever they consume. Marry Beth was a necromancer. She must have called upon and when she did. She gave it memoires, and identity and pain. This nameless shadow truly thinks it me, but with different memories. If what you said is true then what I can think is that. Is in his mind, your married to Garret, he’s a depressed corpse. And wants nothing more but to be reunited with you. And he thinks the only way to do that is to kill you. And I can tell you this spirit will not like it if I hang around. He’ll must likely try to kill me as well, knowing Marry Beth. She’ll do one of two things, kill me, or put me back under the spell.” Anna listening to this felt better about what she was dealing with. “Is there any way to banish the spirit?” Anna asked. 
 “If we do we’ll just piss him off. Spirits like this are neither dead nor alive. Spirits like this have to either accomplish their goal, which in our case is not going to happen. Or we can do what is called a Sealing, we take something prior to his memories and seal him within it, like a box or something. And maybe something you’ve had for a long time, considering he’s after you.” Victor said closing the book, and as he did dust flew out of the pages. Coughing, he set the book down. 
 “What would it have to be?” Anna asked, he then said. “Anything that can open or close with lots of emotion in it. With the same equality of his pain.” Anna then thought, of her locket, she placed her 
fingers on it. It maybe her only chance, she was sure her mother didn’t mind. If it was to save her life, although Anna didn’t want to give up one of things her mother left to her. It was what they had to work with. “What about this?” Anna asked, and then she took of the choky necklace. And handed it to Victor, he opened and asked. “Yes, this will work, is this your mother?” He asked looking at the picture of the young women. “Yes, when she was my age, is when she also meet my father.” Victor closed the locket then said. “We’ll have to gain more information about the spirit though. The Sealing can take days even weeks. And this spirit which is possible listening to us right now will do everything in his power to make sure the Sealing doesn’t happen and that he kills you in the process. He’ll even try to posse you in some way. He’ll try to get you alone in every way he can, and isolate you. I’ve already placed a spell around Eva when you were sleeping. She’ll be fine, but we can’t tell her the more people that don’t know the better.” 
 Anna nodded in agreement, then she heard a voice calling her in the distance. “He’s calling for me.” Anna said, Victor was up and in front of Anna. Anna stood up and said. “We should go somewhere he can’t.” She grabbed his arm, and was leading Victor out the door. Then they both turned toward the fire place as they saw embers ruffle in the air, as if a rock was thrown in the fire. Anna was at his side now, she walked forward to see nothing. She turned around to face Victor while saying. “Well doesn’t look like……” She turned around and gasped the undead Victor was right behind the real Victor. “VICTOR BEHIND YOU!” She shouted, Victor turned around and when he did. Corpse Victor pushed him hard enough to send him flying through the air and into the fireplace. When he clashed the shelf of fireplace caved in on him, causing the fire to go out. And burying Victor within its rubble. “NO!” Anna yelled. 
She couldn’t believe it, Victor, was dead. 
Anna turned around in a rage and shouted. “YOU ARE NOT VICTOR! YOU KILLED HIM!” But when she said the spirit flashed away in black smoke. “Don’t you see.” Is what she heard coming from the walls, she twisted and turned as she heard him continue. “He, was an imposter, he was trying to keep us apart.” “THERE IS NO US!” She shouted back, then she back away and felt herself bump into somebody. Knowing who that was she flashed away and looked at Corpse Victor. “First you say you love me, then you marry Garret, then you come back, and say you didn’t and that you loved me. Now you are saying were not meant to be? And you prance around with an imposter me? My sweet Anna, my love, my life. Be with me, forever, I can make you happy.” Anna was backing away, until his tripped over and onto the couch. “Your not Victor!” She shouted back in his face, he seemed hurt and saddened, Anna almost felt sorry for him. Then she heard cracking and large piece of marble stone flew right in front of Anna hitting the spirit. 
It hit the wall crashing the doors open and broken. She saw the Cosrep Victor from behind the piece of marble fireplace and pushed it off himself. Then Anna looked to see the fire place remake itself, then the fire lit. Then a figure walked out from the flames, a completely burnt body, the flesh burned of his teeth. But his eyes, had changed to a furious red. New and tan flesh began to crawl over the burnt body revealing Victor, with his hair perfectly swiped back and out of his face. And he grabbed what looked like his white shirt out of mid air and fluffs it to reveal his tight paints, black boots, and flurry white shirt. “Victor…” Was all what Anna managed to say before the spirit turned horrifying. “Get out.” Was all Victor said as the red in his eyes grew even brighter. The spirits eyes hollowed and his mouth 
cracked open to reveal a huge abyss of a mouth as he screamed in a furious anger both leaving within a black smoke.  
Anna got up and was in front of Victor, who blinked a few time before his normal dark eyes came back. “Victor how did you….” She was pointing at him and at the fireplace at the same time. “Its part of being a mage. Anyway he didn’t hurt you did he?” He asked, “No, he didn’t but are you immortal?” Anna asked, Victor hoped she wouldn’t. “Yes, and so was my father, my mother was mortal.” Anna felt herself go numb, all of her energy was suddenly drained from her. “I think I need to sit.” Anna then sat back on the couch. “Too much for one day?” Victor asked, Anna nodded and said. “Yeah, but I’m too scared to sleep, for fear that he’ll try to kill me in my dreams again.” Anna fought to keep herself awake, Victor sat with her and said. “I’ll watch over you tonight, I don’t really sleep anymore. And I rarely find myself tired.” “Can’t you cast a sleep so I don’t sleep?” Anna asked like a whinny child. “No, sorry, if I do that you could age faster. But then it makes everything more complicated considering you magic in your blood now. You could be immortal now, or still be mortal. So, that would end badly.” Anna threw her head back, and whined even more. Then fell to lay on her side on the big fluffy couch, and then she took the purple fluffy blanket and wrapped herself in the blanket. “Then I’m not leaving the study.”  
“Perfect, it makes my research easier.” Victor said getting up and walking to the desk. He sat and began to research and write. 
Anna fell asleep to the white noise, or crackling embers and a quill scratching letters on the paper. And every once in awhile she heard Victor flip a page of a book. And every once in awhile she felt him stare at her. Anna then heard the door open and an elderly women voice whom she presumed was Eva. “Is she asleep?” Eva asked, Anna heard Victor place his quill back in the ink well and say. “Yes, deep in sleep if you ask me.” “Good because I need to speak with you.”  
Anna then grew interested, why would they be talking about her behind her back? “It’s about Anna, Victor, and more importantly about you. You know you don’t have a lot of time left.” Anna then thought, a lot of time for what? “I know, I feel my body growing weaker. I barely resurrected myself today when battling Marry’s Ombre Inconnue.” “Victor, you must speed this love thing up. You and Anna had only known each for three days, but the spell won’t last for long. You know what you must do, you must marry Anna.” “I know, but she deserves time to…” “And so do you, I’m sure Anna would understand. You heard what Holly told you, Anna just wants you to ask her formally that’s all. So what’s the problem? Because if you don’t soon, you’ll die in your own body and end up wondering the earth forever, and end up looking like Mister. Dead man.” “I know, it’s if I marry her I’m scared she’ll be mortal again. Or will she stay immortal? I don’t want to spend an etnery either way by myself. And how do you know I can give her a life? I don’t even know if we’ll ever get her father back either.” “Don’t you worry about that as long as you and Anna have each other you’ll be fine. You’ve got four days left Victor, I suggest, you go and find your family ring.” “I can’t, because, Marry Beth has it. I can’t marry without it. The magic wouldn’t allow me too. And in four days if I can’t get the ring, you heard Anna today. She doesn’t want that to be my fate, if she heard us talking. You know her better than I do, although I am afaired she’ll do something rasce.” “Your probley right, but Victor you’re going to be all she has soon. I don’t have much time myself, I’m 82 years old the spell you cast on me only keeps me alive until I have guided the youth to you. I thought I would have a daughter and she’d pull it, I was almost released when I had a son, but then he brought Margret to Blackwood, and gave birth to Anna. Never in a thousand years 
did I expect it to be my granddaughter, the day she was born. I thought nothing of taking her there; I loved her more than time itself. I didn’t want her to get hurt, I never knew she somehow found her way up to the tower.” 
“And now look, exusted, she has to fight the spirit herself and Marry Beth. But I strongly suggest you tell Anna of the ring. If the ring isn’t the Ring of Blackwood, then the wedding will seem like it never even happened. On the day you and Anna marry then I will pass. But while in here for the next fifty years as a ghost, I do expect to see some great grandbabies.” Victor giggled and then said. “I will, I can’t face Marry Beth, because she holds my family power. If I were to step outside the walls of the manor, my power will wane. Only when I have the Ring of Blackwood, and then she must create a Ring of Raventail. Can we then be married in body and soul. But I need, the ring, but yet I can’t get it.” 
The conversation ended there, as Eva pressed on about wanting to have one of the great grandchild named Eva the second. Anna thought for a long time, he has four days, and Anna wants to get the ring. No, she needed to get the ring from Marry Beth somehow. Then Anna thought, could she turn the Ombre Inconnue against Marry Beth, if real Victor couldn’t fight her. Then Ombre Inconnue Victor can, she would just have to somehow speak to the spirit without, getting herself killed. 
As the night press on Anna thought of way to get the ring. And how on earth she was going to separate herself from Victor. He was going to cling and follow Anna around like a lost puppy. Then Anna needed to figure out how she was going to convince the spirit. She didn’t want to lie to the poor thing, it was suffering enough pain. Then most likely Victor was always aware of where Anna was at moment of the exact day. So it would be almost impossible for Anna to leave without Victor noticing then following her out of the manor. But she needed Victor here, where he was safe, Anna had to do this tomorrow. She had to find Marry Beth and get the ring. Then find a ring to become the Ring of Raventail. 
She came up with the craziest and most illogic plan in the world. But it was going to have to work. 
 The next morning, Victor still at the desk greeted Anna. Anna greeted him back and went to her room to get fresh clothes and a bath.  
After that was done Anna instead chose something comfortable to move around and run in. A short dress with tights, and high boots. She slipped on her cloak and headed to the gardens, being the daughter of a mechial student and living with a doctor while your mother was sick. Anna picked up on some things, like a dose of me chin that makes you sleep. Anna picked the right ingredients, then she sat on a bench crushing them in a mixing bowl. She then placed it in a small bag to pull out later.  
 Walking around the manor, she found Albert. “Albert could you bring me a fresh pot of tea please?” Anna asked. “Of course my lady, right away.” Anna thought he meant in a few minutes, but as he entered his right hole, returned in 30 seconds. “Here my lady, would you like me to carry this for you?” He asked, Anna shook her head and said. “No, I’ll be just fine thank you. I’ll bring it Victor, thank you.” She took the tray from Albert then walked to the study, before she entered she poured the mix into the tea. Stirred it nice and easy and walked into the study.  
 “Tea break.” Anna said as she walked into the study. “There you are, I was being to get worried.” Victor said setting the quill down and stretching from the chair. Anna placed the tea tray on the table and 
poured the cups. “Albert made it just the way you like it.” Anna said as Victor sat next to her, Victor took the cup from her. Then stopped and smelled the tea and said. “It smells different, did Albert add some new leafs in here?” “Smells like normal tea to me.” Anna answered trying to cover her tracks and not drink the tea. “You drink it first.” Victor said, Anna wasn’t worried at all, throughout the years of being polite and eating things that looked disgusting. She had developed quite the talent for holding things in back of her own throat and talking clearly at the same time without swallowing. She swallowed and held the tea, then said. “See, tastes fine to me.” All the while when she pretended to take another swipe, she really spit the tea back out. 
 Victor seeing it was safe, drank down the cup, in fact the whole pot.  
 He lay on the couch minutes later drowsy, he fought to keep his eyes open. “What did Albert put in that tea?” He asked rubbing his face trying to keep himself awake. When it seemed the drugs had almost taken effect (and by the amount he had drank, he would be out for a few hours) Anna got up and said. “Its not what Albert put in the tea, it’s what I put in the tea. I’m going Victor, I’m going to get the ring from Marry Beth.” Victor in the state of panic tried to reach for her but he was slowly fading. “I’m not going alone; I’m bringing the Ombre Inconnue Victor with me. I will be back.” “An—na… stop….wait.” With his last words he fell into a deep sedated sleep. Anna placed a blanket over him, then ran out and swung her cloak over her shoulders. She was going to the West Wing where Ombre Inconnue Victor would most likely be. 
 Anna was at the landing of the West Wing itself. She knocked on the door and said. “Victor, Victor, can I come in?” She asked, when she did the door slowly opened. She stepped in then sat on the bed, she wanted to be as if she was speaking to him normally. The door closed by itself, and then Anna said. “I know you’re mad, but I just want to speak with you.” Anna just heard the creaking of the floor boards, then a mirror appeared leaning on the wall near the door. Seeing Anna on the bed at first, then Ombre Inconnue Victor behind her, she looked back to see he was not directly near her.  She got up and walked to the body lengthen mirror, with Ombre Inconnue Victor following like a shadow behind her. “I need your help Victor, I need to tell you, I didn’t marry Garret, and these are memoires Marry Beth gave you. I don’t want to die, but I don’t want to see you suffer. If you help me, I will help you anyway I can. Fight Marry Beth with me, I need you.” Anna then placed her hand on the glass, waiting for a response. 
“Yes my love.”  
 Then Ombre Inconnue Victor’s boney hand wrapped around her shoulder and she felt him, she turned around. His corpse like state gave Anna shivers, but she hugged him none the less and said. “Thank you. Now, take me to Marry Beth.” Victor, then said. “Yes, my life.” He then hung on to her tightly, as they began to swirl, and winds blew past her face. And when she landed, she landed in the last place she wanted to be. The Dark Forest.  
The Dark Forest couldn’t be in maybe a beautiful meadow? Ombre Inconnue Victor still behind her, said. “Marry please reveal yourself.” There was no response, then leafs around them began to ruffle. And then from above, a dark smoke landed only a few feet from Anna. The black smoke disappeared and there stood a young and beautiful looking woman. 
She had curled, wild red hair, with painted bright red lips, bright green eyes. She had pale skin, and a witched smile, nothing about her seemed warm. Wearing tight, cheap, black leather, and had colored tattoos decorate her chest and arms. Anna thought if she got rid of the tattoos and wore better clothing she’d be really pretty. 
 “Well well, this is the girl who pulled my dagger out from my x boyfriend. By the way how is he?” The girl asked, her voice sounded high pitched and of a young women.  
 Anna tired to back up to Ombre Inconnue Victor but found he was no longer there. “What is your name? Anna that’s right, Anna, Ana, Annie or whatever.” Marry Beth seemed to speak as though she were from a different place. “Now, what do we do with you, the longer you live, the more my power fades. Or rather Victor’s power.” She held up her ring finger for Anna to see, the Ring of Blackwood. A golden ring with a black gem placed on it. “And of course your power, hope you mother doesn’t mind.” She held up her right ring finger and there it was. Anna’s mother’s wedding ring, which was only a silver ring, with the words Raventail written on it. Anna felt herself grew angry her mother was buried with the ring. 
“Give them back.” Anna said, Marry threw her head back and laughed. “Well, I thought you’d be more polite then that, but even if you said please, no.” Was all Marry said. “I worked hard for this power, I thought Victor loved me too you know. But he used me, just like he’ll use you. But, then Victor was so cruel. And let me guess he didn’t tell you everything now did he?” Marry asked circling Anna. 
 “Victor has done nothing wrong it was you who were the selfish one, you cursed him for power.”  
“Oh really, well let me show you what really happened between us.” Marry Beth said, before, Anna’s vision faded, and images of a bright town was formed. It looked to be a newer version of Blackwood. 
Anna’s vision was forced to focus on a couple, who’s heads were hidden under an umbrella. The umbrella was lifted to reveal, Victor and Marry Beth. 
He walked Marry Beth along the streets like a gentleman. Then two old women just behind them, one who looked pretty for her middle age said. “Victor darling, wait for mother.” Victor turned around to a woman, who Anna guessed was his mother. The two old women caught up, and then one whom Anna guessed was Mary’s mother considering the way she greeted her.  
 Mary’s mother was overweight and seemed quite aloof from the cheery group. Then a group of young women came by, called Marry Beth, a whore, and witch as they pasted. Anger grew within Mary’s eyes, then as if by chance, and by an unknown force, dirty water from the gutter. Splashed on to the group of girls. They screamed as the water hit them, then Anna saw Victor take Marry by the shoulder and heard him whisper. “Marry don’t do that.” “But they called me a….” “Don’t care what they called, all that matters is what you think of yourself. Don’t let them get to you darling.” Mary’s mother seemed unpleased with Victor and with the group of girls. 
 Then the vision shifted into night, and the town was empty. Anna jumped as she heard screams, and there the group of girls from early for running right for Anna. She tried to move but her feet were glued, when she put her arms out to stop them. The girls ran right through Anna.  
 Anna looked to an invisible force grab them by their ankles and drag them into a dark alley why. Anna plugged her ears as the sounds of gushing and flesh slashing echoed through the town. Then the vision shifted again, this time the town police and Victor, along with his father at the scene. His father did look middle aged, and then standing on Victor’s side was Marry Beth. When the bodies were being carried out, Victor pulled Mary Beth to a nearby alley what.  
 “What happened Mary, the stench of Dark magic was all over the place.” Victor said in horse whisper, then Mary began to sob. “It was my mother I tried to stop her, I tried to convince her of what you said. But she didn’t agree and she, she was the one who…” “Marry who have to stop your mother, my father knew it was her. Mary, the Council is getting together, to decide whether to...” “Whether to what Victor?” “Whether to kill your mother or not, my father will be attending and so will I. Marry your mother had killed twenty girls over the past year.” “I know, but Victor I don’t even know if it’s her anymore, her soul is gone, I feel it.”  
 The image faded again and this time, in the day again. But this time people were screaming. “The carriage crashed get a doctor, Lady Blackwood, and Lady Beth are in there!” Anna then saw the image fade again, and this time Anna was holding onto her mother crying. Victor came from behind her and placed his hand on her shoulder. Marry turned around and hissed at Victor. “It’s your fault! You could have stopped the Council!” She shouted at him. “You don’t think I’m upset about this too! No one can stop the Council! My mother wasn’t even supposed to be in the carriage!” Marry got up and said. “You are the cause you did this! This is your families’ fault!” 
 The vision faded, and Anna was again in the Dark Forest. “It was his fault he could have stopped it.” Anna looked at her, Marry blamed Victor’s family for her mother’s death.  “He couldn’t of, he couldn’t stop it, he did nothing wrong. You said it yourself your mother was gone before her body even died.” Anna saw Marry hand her head and begin to laugh, and rather insane and cruel laugh. 
 “Well, well, still not convinced, my family, gave them their power. This power belongs to me! Victor promised to be there for me, and then someone came to town. Someone who still lives, your grandmother. She then turned him against me convince him that I was up to know good. Your entire bloodline Ms. Raventail decided that my family, were no longer apart of this town. It was your grandfather that killed my father!”  
 Anna then saw, Marry had blood on both Raventail and Blackwood. “My father was going to rage great war on this world, until the day your grandfather murdered him! So you see dear Anna, I’ve watched your family for a very long time. Even a certain sickness that killed your mother and drained her of her beauty.” Then Anna then thought, Anna’s mother didn’t get sick for any reason. Marry gave it to her, Marry killed her mother. “And I promised to make all of your descendents pay! And end you and Victor’s bloodline. I couldn’t believe Eva hid you for years! I couldn’t believe when I saw your pretty little self pull the dagger from Victor and wake him up from his little nap. Garret could have done the job for me, but you were persistent. Now, I’m going to let the corpse groom get what I brought him here for. Victor,” She called out, but no answer. “Victor.” She said again, and she began to grow impatient. “VICTOR!” She screamed and Ombre Inconnue Victor landed next to Anna, Marry then saw her own spirit had betrayed her.  
 “No, Marry, you leave my Anna alone.” With that said, he charged for Marry, Marry with an angry look on her face. Cast an attack spell sending him backwards, he got up quickly. “Marry stop it doesn’t have to be this way!” Anna shouted, Marry turned to her and said. “Stay out of this you little bitch!” Ombre Inconnue Victor charged for her again, this time they locked. Their battle took flight as Anna was forced to ground by the air. 
 Anna then screamed the fireball spell and shot it in the air, and hitting Marry. The fireball seemed to have no effect, then Marry dropped from the sky suddenly. Landing on her face she got up, and she was mess, dead leafs were ruffled in her hair. See then looked at her hands, the rings were gone.  
 “No, no, no, no…” She kept repeating to herself as she scrambled through the leafs. “NO!” She yelled then she looked at Anna. “I may not have the power of a mage, but I still have the power of a necromancer!” With that she screamed a word Anna didn’t understand, and ground beneath her began to rise. Anna got up and jumped off the rising ground, and her ankle reeled with pain. She saw a fleshy, boney hand come from the ground and grab her ankle with a death grip. She was shaking him off, when suddenly the two rings were dropped in front of her. Marry saw them and ran for the rings. But Anna grabbed the rings, in a large force of light. The two rings combined and grew into a powerful sword. The sword was light and powerful. Anna took the sword and swung it at the figure rising from the ground that had her ankle. The figure let go, and Anna was forced to limp through the pain. She held the sword up to Marry, as she was only a few feet from Anna. “Victor, I am you master I command you to kill her!” Marry screamed, then Anna saw Ombre Inconnue Victor’s reflection in the sword blade. “I’m sorry Anna but, I must obey my master, she created me.” 
 Anna swung the sword around, and he was not there. She heard Marry laugh, Anna swung around again, and saw they were both gone. Anna didn’t let down her guard, Anna then begin to fast limp through the forest. 
  
It had been long hours that Anna was trapped in the Dark Forest seeing no end. The sword still in hand, Anna dearly wished there was some way to make this journey quicker. Marry could come back at any moment, and kill Anna. Or Ombre Inconnue Victor may, but Anna didn’t want to be out here when the wolves came out. 
As she continued exusted through the trees, and just as it was about Twilight. Anna finally sat on the stomp of a cut tree. Indicating she was near town, Anna took off her shoe to see her ankle and it worst then she thought. 
 Her ankle had four long straight marks, and one curling in the opposite direction. The marks were purple and had yellow outing the marks. Anna rolled her pant leg back over the mark, and huffed as she was trying to catch her breath. Anna was thirsty and hungry, during the way, Anna had eaten on snow. 
 Solving her thirst problem, but her mind wanted liquid.  
Anna soon camped near a stream, Anna being raised all her life with some sort of fire going about. Didn’t know how to make one, but luckily, she just piled wood together and lit is ablaze with the fireball spell. 
Anna sat in the snow, trying to warm herself. But the cold of the night was closing in, Anna feared if she fell asleep the cold of the night would take her lungs.  
          Sitting in the snow feeling sorry for herself, she was unaware of the predator that had been stalking her for half an hour. But kept its distance, fearing the blade, which was firm in Anna’s grasp. Anna couldn’t help herself any longer when her eyelids had finally shut. The creature behind the rock, creped over, and smelled the girl. Realizing her scent, she smelled of Blackwood, had they returned? He wondered, were they here to heal the land and fill it with food once again? The creature then nudged at Anna’s injured foot, Anna jerked up and grabbed her ankle. Then she looked up and screamed. 
The creature was an over sized giant white wolf, with beading yellow eyes. Looking at Anna as she screamed, he sat and titled his head. When Anna realized he wasn’t going to attach her, she stopped. They looked at each other in the eyes for minutes.  
“Are you a Blackwood?” The wolf, asked, Anna then being use to things that were talking and shouldn’t be talking. 
“No, but I am Raventail, and I live within Blackwood manor, with its master. Victor Blackwood.” The wolf seemed to recognize the name. “Victor, were you the one who awakened him?” Anna nodded, the wolf then said. “I, you smelled a lot like the boy. But what are you doing in the Dark Forest, while that witch is out looking for you?” He asked, Anna then responded. “I know, I had to get two things from her. The Ring of Raventail, and the Ring of Blackwood.” The wolf stood up instantly and said. “Then it is true, you are the one to heal the land of Blackwood. I’m Gorik; I for centuries have been an alley of the Blackwood’s. Come, we must get you back to Blackwood. The sun rises in an hour, and then you will only have three days. And the witch could come out at a second with her Ombre Inconnue.” Anna then said. “I can’t walk, my ankle was injured badly.” Anna said standing up on one foot, and using the sword as a cane.  
Gorik looked at the sword intensely for a moment. “Are those the rings?” He asked Anna shook her head the wolf amazed said. “Never in a hundred year, did I think that sword would come again.” “What do you mean?” Anna asked. “Your family and the Blackwoods have been in league longer then you know of. Now, it’s time for the land and the families to awaken. Climb onto my back, it shall be daybreak by the time we reach Blackwood Manor.” 
 Anna walked over to Gorik, he lay down, and Anna climbed on his back. Anna tied the sword to her belt, and wrapped her cloak around herself. Gorik then kicked off with powerful legs, Anna felt herself hand onto the animal for dear life. As he raced the wind through the forest. 
 Victor lay on the couch in the manor, trying to wonder what had happened. Why was he sleeping? Victor sat up and stretched then he looked at the teapot tray in front of him. All the memories flashed together again, Victor tried to run out from the couch. But his legs turned to jell-o, and he found himself tripping all over the place as he trying to head for the door. “Albert!” He shouted, and soon scatting was heard from the other side of the door. “Master! Anna she is nowhere in the manor! She’s been gone for hours!” Albert shouted out of breath, then Victor felt himself panic. “Did you check the West Wing?” Victor asked, Albert nodded in a yes squeaking as he was out of breath. “How, how, did she 
get out master? And why were you sleeping?” Albert asked trying to straighten himself. “Anna put something in the tea, and he forced my body to sleep.” Victor said.  
 “Oh this is my fault I should have insisted taking the tea to you master.” Albert said while trying to help the dazed Victor. “It’s not your fault, anyway have you tired—“ Before Victor could finish all throughout the manor, a wolf howl was heard loud and clear. “Gorik.” Victor whispered, before finding his strength again, he ran to the front of the manor. With wheezing Albert not far behind, as Victor got to the door, Eva was already there and she opened the door.  
 When Victor was outside with her. He saw she had been crying, then as they witness. A giant wolf walking through the gates of the Blackwood Manor, through the dead garden and past the frozen fountain. And upon his back was a cloaked figure, the figure slid off, patted Gorik and then turned around. She pulled off her hood, she was messy and looked very tired. “Anna!” Victor shouted and ran to her, Anna fell over in exustment. “She is fine, Victor just tired, but you must heal her ankle once she is ready.” Victor looked up and said. “Thank you Gorik, it is good to see you again.” Gorik then sniffed the side of Victor’s face, then leaned down to Anna’s face and gave her a small lick.  
“You as well, Lord Blackwood. Check under Anna’s cloak.” Victor was curious and looked, he gasped. 
Then pulled the handle away from Anna’s buckle, behind him he heard Eva gasp. “The-the-the…” She couldn’t even finish its title.  “The Sword of Firinne.” Victor finished, holding the sword above his head. 
 
 Anna had slept half way through the rest of the day, Victor had invited Gorik inside. But Gorik said, he felt more comfortable outside. When Anna awoke, Victor had asked her how the sword came to be. 
“Well, when I had the rings, the second I touched them. The rings, they brightened into a large light, and then they bonded and grew into the sword.” Was all she said, then she got a scolding lecture from Victor about tricking him. “Well, how else was I going to get out the manor without you following me?” She asked, Victor was about to say something, but stopped and realized if Anna didn’t, the rings would be lost.  
 “Fine, alright, but Anna, what about Marry?” He asked, as Anna set her injured ankle on his thigh. He curled his fingers around her foot, and a light appeared under his hand. And rubbed her foot gently as the injury faded away. When he was done, Anna twisted her foot. “Thank you.” Anna said, then sat up and crawled over the couch over to Victor. She sat next to him, and lay her head on his shoulder. “To tell you the truth though, I wasn’t all that scared. But, I was at first, before running from the manor. We really owe it to Ombre Inconnue Victor, he’s the one we really should be thanking for getting the rings.” Anna said, and then by her surprise, Victor turned to lie on the couch facing the fireplace. Laying Anna next to him, on the board of the large couch. Anna then grabbed the blanket, and wrapped herself and Victor in it. “I guess you’re right, I just thought he would have killed you instead of believe you.” Victor said, Anna laid her head back on his shoulder. Anna was a little surprised, Victor was normally very proper about most things. When a man and women were lying down together. 
 But lately Anna rarely thought he cared anymore. Everything was quiet as Anna, and Victor shared their thoughts and emotions just by looking at each other. Then Victor broke the uncomfortable silence and said. 
 “Anna there’s been something I’ve been meaning to ask you.” He said, he sat up, then Anna suddenly felt her knees go weak. Is he about to ask, what I think he’s going to ask. He held his hand out to her, to assist her in pulling her off the couch. He walked her over to the fire place, and looked within it flames. “Anna even though our time together has been short. I have been meaning to ask you this, since the day you woke me up.”  
Anna stood excited and nervous as Victor looked at her, got down on one knee. Brought out a little blue box opened it to reveal a silver ring in crested with three small diamonds, the middle one being slightly bigger. 
“Anna Raventail, will you marry me?”  
Anna stood speechless, and then she managed a soft whisper. “yes.” Victor didn’t quite hear her, but then her voice grew louder. “yes, Yes, YES!” Anna screamed, Victor being quite tall, Anna tackled him backwards in a large hug. Anna removed her head from Victor’s chest, to look him in the face. A large smile on both their faces. Anna then pulled him in unexpected kiss, at first he was shocked, then kissed her back.  
When they broke it, then slipped the ring on her finger, then Victor shouted. “ALBERT!” Albert was in the room within a few seconds. “Yes, master, oh-“ As he walked in on Anna and Victor. “Albert, I have major chore for you. Tell Holly to make a white dress with a veil, and prepare the ballroom for a wedding!” Victor said with excitement a big rat smile appeared on Albert’s face with his sharp buck teeth sticking out. “Yes sir! I shall inform Eva at once sir!” With that he was out of the room. “Oh Victor!” Anna screamed into his chest, he then grinned bigger seeing this is actual what she wanted. “Oh I have another surprise for you. Mr. Raventail, you can come in now.” Anna then looked up and saw her nervous father walk through the door.  
 Anna got up from Victor and looked at her father. He was crying, he pulled out his hankie and wiped his eyes under his glasses. “Hi baby, I’m sorry, I hit you, I didn’t mean to.” He said, Anna realized what he was apologizing for. She walked over and embraced him in a large hug. “I know daddy, I love you, and I need someone to walk me down the ale.” Anna said, her father pulled back, more tears streamed down his face. Anna turned around again and said. “Did you?” Victor nodded, Anna turned and held him even tighter.  
 Then a women burst open the door. “Albert just told me, it is tr-“Eva took one look at Victor and Anna, noticing the shining ring on Anna’s finger. She screamed with delight, she walked over, grabbed Anna by the face. Kissed both her cheeks then embraced her in a hug. “Oh, look at you, hope you don’t mind being called Lady Blackwood. Oh, we don’t have much time, we have to send a message bird to Isbell. You and her always talking about being each other’s brides’ maid of honor. Wouldn’t want to disappoint her. Oh, Anna, my granddaughter is getting married! But Victor,” She turned her attention to Victor. “I do expect great grandchildren from you two.” “Mother, that’s a little too early to think about, don’t you think?” Marcus asked, Eva turned around. “Its perfect timing! I’m going to die the day they get 
married, bit I’ve got to spend fifty years here in my ghost hood. I’m at least going to see my great great grandchildren.” Marcus looked distraught by the thought of Eva dying. 
 But then the thought of her in ghost hood, didn’t really sound like she was leaving them. “But, what am I standing here talking about having babies. Anna my dear it’s time to put those birthing hips to good use.” “GRANDMA!” Anna shouted, that was not exactly something she wanted Victor to hear. Anna looked through the corner of her eye, seeing Victor covering his large grin, and red cheeks.  
 “Oh well, what are standing here for, Victor when’s the wedding?” Eva asked him. “The day after tomorrow, at 10 in the morning.” Victor said, then Eva then said. “We don’t have must time at all, Anna you and me, were going up to see a Message Pigeon. Write a letter to Isbell straight away Anna! Go, go, go.” Shooing Anna out of the door, she barely got to say goodbye to Victor before her grandma rushed her out completely.  
Down the hall Anna, realized her fiancée and her father were alone together. Anna didn’t want to think about the kind of man to man talk Marcus and Victor were most likely having.  
Anna rushed her into the room, where Holly wasn’t there. Anna quickly wrote a message to Isbell, to come to Blackwood Manor. Anna set the message on a bird. 
When she did, she was surprised she quickly got a response an hour and half later.  
Dear Anna,  
 Yes Anna I will come to Blackwood Manor tonight, with Erik, and can’t you believe it were getting married I expect you to be my Maid of Honor. Anyway hoping your news is good, I’ll see you in two hours from 4:00. 
Sincerely, 
Isbell 
 Anna looked at the clock it was 5:35 Isbell should be there soon. Anna then went to thinking what color the maid of honor dress should be. Anna then thought since the first color of dress she saw was green. The dress should be light green, Albert and Eva returned with a tray. Spotted with flavored icing and in Albert’s other hand was cubes cuts of cake. “Now, Victor said he like the chocolate cake with white icing, and strawberry filing.” Albert said, Anna tried the combination, she didn’t like the chocolate cake part. “Ask him about marble cake instead I like everything else.” Albert went out through his rat hole, Eva then said. “Alright, Anna, have you messaged Isbell?” Eva asked she sound out of breath. “Yes, I did, she’s bring her fiancée with her. She should be here in about fifteen minutes.” “Good good, because you’re having either a Bridal Shower or Bacorlette party tomorrow. Victor is having a stag party tomorrow, he didn’t have one the last time. Then as a wedding tradition, Victor isn’t allowed to see you the whole wedding day until you walk down the ale. Now that’s the fun part, grooms like to see their brides before that time. You should ask your father, he tried on his wedding day. Knowing Victor he’s going to try his hardest.” 
Anna was almost barely listening, impatiently looking at the clock. Then she heard a knock at the door, Eva then saw Anna bolted from the chair. Determined to get to the door first, still in a light pick silk robe and thigh high night gown. Anna opened the door, to see Isbell and Erik behind her.  
“Hi, Anna, how are you, and wow---“ Was all Isbell said as Anna lead her in, and saw the stated of the manor. “But outside it looks all old and in ruins.” Erik said setting his and Isbell’s bags near the door.  
Victor was walking down with Albert, whom to Anna looked half rat. But to Isbell and Erik looked like a strange little human man. “Is that?” Isbell said taking one look at Victor, seeing him clean, and lively. “Yes, that’s Victor, and he’s quite nice and not demonic at all. I want you and Erik to meet him.” Anna said leading Isbell and Erik to Victor, as Victor was done talking with Albert. He greeted Isbell in a formal gentleman way, then greeted Erik. “Hello I am Victor Blackwood, welcome to Blackwood Manor, Anna has told me much about you Isbell.” Isbell was taken aback by Victor stunning looks, when his features were awake and moving.  
 “Well I wish I could say the same about you, but this is my fiancé Erik Johnson.” Isbell said showing Erik to Victor, the men shook hands and Erik said. “Hello, it’s good to see you awake, and me sober.” The men gave a deep hardly, a giggle, deep throat chuckle.  
 After an hour, Isbell was already having a long conversation with Victor then. When Anna felt comfortable about it. “Isbell I want to tell you the real reason I asked you to come.” Anna stood up with Victor then said. “Isbell, I would love to have you as my Brides Maid of Honor.” Isbell’s eye grew large, Anna was glad she was sitting down. Then her smile grew almost to her ears, as she unexpectly got up and gave Anna a tight hug. Tight enough to where Anna could only say “air!” Isbell let go of her and said. “Where’s the ring?” Isbell asked, Anna pulled her left hand from behind her with the ring on her finger. “Wow, would you look at that.” Isbell said looking at it, then showed Anna her own engament ring. “So when are you two getting married?” Isbell asked, Victor answered. “The day after tomorrow.”  
 “It’s a little soon, but it works, oh Anna. Were going to have ourselves a downright fun Bachorllet party tomorrow! Oh can’t you believe it Erik!” Erik truly seemed happy, for he got up and gave Anna a hug on congrating her. “Well, then what are we going here, Anna we must go through all the dressers and find you a wedding gown. Boys, we are to be gone, Victor, I hope you don’t mind if Erik joins your stag party. I hope you boys will have fun, anyway tata! You can’t see your bride before the wedding.” With that said, Isbell dragged Anna away. 
 In Anna’s room, when the girls were allowed to act like girls. They held hands and jumped up and down, Isbell threw of her shoes and tackled her to the bed. “WERE GETTING MARRIED!” She said, her and Anna screamed in joy.  
Anna had learned early Isbell’s wedding was in a mouth.  
 “Well Anna, what color is me dress?” Isbell asked. “Green, it was the color of the first dress I tried on my first day here.” “Wonderful, and Anna didn’t expect you to find a suitor that handsome.” “You know what funny Isbell is? The night I went to the party Eva said she’d scold me if I didn’t come back with a suitor. That night I went out and found the best of all!” “Me too! Erik really is wonderful too, I think we both found our soul mates that night.” “I guess we did! My god, Isbell, me, Anna Raventail.” 
“Don’t you mean, Anna Blackwood does have a ring to it doesn’t it.” Anna and Isbell giggled, as the changed into clean pajamas. 
 Anna and Isbell decided to share the bedroom for the one night. They climbed in bed, and went under the covers. “So, Anna, what is Victor like, like, when you too are alone?” Isbell asked, Anna wasn’t sure why she wanted details but she answered. “He’s really strong, he gentle but. When he finds the need too, he can get really angry and fierce. He seems gentle at first, but if you have seen someone try and hurt me. Victor looks like his heads going to explode.” “Aoe, gentle and rough, good combination. What else?” “Well, he really likes to read, and snuggle. He’s always really happy a lot of the time, he doesn’t get sad that much. Even learning of his father’s death, which he was surprisingly calm about.” Then the memory of the out of control libery that night shot in her head lier I what she said to herself. But she couldn’t let Isbell know about his powers, or her own.  
 Anna and Isbell continued their conversation well into their sleep. 
 During the night, Anna was violently wakened by a lazy sleeping arm of Isbell’s hitting Anna in face. Anna sat up fast, and looked to see Isbell still sleeping. Anna quietly slipped out of the bed, put on her silk robe and decided to go see Victor.  
 Walking down the blue light hallway, since outside it began to snow again. And the glow from the white snowflakes shined through the windows. Anna then opened the study door, where there she found Victor once again at his desk. But to Anna’s surprise, asleep, hunched over the desk. Anna walked over to see he had buried himself in the books. He stirred as Anna looked down at him. “Anna?” He managed to say, Anna smiled and rubbed his back as he attempted to get up. He stood and lazily walked to the couch with Anna. “Anna I’m growing weaker.” He said as Anna laid him on the couch. “Don’t worry were getting married tomorrow remember. It’s one in morning; I suggest you get more sleep.” Anna lay with him on the couch and she spoke softly to him. “Today is going to go very slow, and tomorrow even slower.” Anna said, as her impatienctince was growing until she could finally walk down the ale.  
 “I know, its time’s torture.” Victor said, as he had laid his head down on Anna’s shoulder. They were comfortably talking before, a woman, or half a women, half a duster came into the room. Anna looked to see the upper half of her body the wooden handle and her lower. Which looked like a large feathered dress. She floated effortlessly to the book shelves and began to dust. Then Albert came through the door, with breakfast and looked to see the couple snuggled up on the couch.  
 “Well so this is where we had run off to this morning miss Anna.” He sat as he set the tray on the little table in front of them. “Thank you Albert, by the way what time is it?” Albert pulled out his pocket watch and said. “Seven am.” He said, and slipped the watch in his pocket. “Oh, my lady, Holly wishes to see you and Lady Isbell. For the fighting to the gowns. And Lady Isbell has said to not come back to the room until 9 at night. On that note, Holly said to meet her in the Dressing Room in the upper level. Now, can I get you anything else?” “No, thank you Albert.”  
 Albert exited the study, and has Anna tired to get out from the bed. Sleeping Victor held on tighter to her, Anna giggled. “Victor darling, I have to get off of the couch sometime. And you have a stag party to attend to tonight. And a groom outfit fitting, and we’ve got to go pick out decorations. And I need 
to go fit my dress, and Isbell’s and-“ Before Anna could go on with her list of things to do. Victor kissed her, then said. “Five more minutes.” Then buried his face in her neck. “Alright.” She said, and stroked his arm. “You know though, you can’t see me tomorrow until I walk down the ale.” Anna said, Victor sprung his head up and said. “What, why?” “It’s a tradition; you can’t see the bride until she walks down the ale. It’s the rules.” “In my time we never had something like that, or stag parties.” “Well, this one is more fun.” She giggled then when Victor’s arms were no longer holding their iron grip on Anna. “I love you gotta go.” She said giving Victor a quick peck on the lips before bolting off the couch. 
 For the rest of the day, which was prepared for the wedding. Anna stood up like a manikin as Holly made her dress.  
Victor had gone out the manor bar, to drink with Erik, and many or the younger manor male staff.  
Anna was crammed with writing her vowels, then she and Isbell, to Anna’s surprise. Had her party in Anna’s room, where achole was served, food and many or the younger female staff was invited. Anna had made friends with many of them. Anna grew embarrassed, despite the wine, when the wedding night. Had become a subject of their conversation. 
Anna had invited the whole manor staff to come to the wedding. As the day of wedding grew near with each passing hour. Eva, had grown more distant and weary, Anna was depressed about Eva leaving. But Eva assured her after she died, she would still see and talk to Anna. She would still seem alive. Marcus, had had a long talk with Anna. And that he was so sorry by the way he spoke to Anna. And how during her resting the previous day, Victor had found him. And unbounded him from Marry, then asked Marcus for his blessing to marry Anna. Anna had wished she had Victor’s parent’s blessings. 
 That next morning, Anna sprung out of bed with Isbell. Anna looked at the pocket watch on the table. “Isbell! We slept in, its 9:05!” Anna shouted, Isbell gasped then said. “It’s alright, calm down, we need to do your makeup before we do anything else. Now the wedding isn’t until 10 we’ve got time.” As Isbell was calming down Anna, Eva came through the door, she looked fine, but was weary in her age. “Now, Anna, as a woman of Raventail there is something I want to give you. In my family a mother would be giving this to a daughter, but I never had one. So I would like to give this to you.” Anna walked over calmly, although inside she was crying. Eva pulled out a box and opened it, she held out silver tiara. “It would go beautifully with your wedding gown.” Anna took it from her and said. “Yes, yes it would.” Eva gave Anna a kiss on the forehead and said. “For goodness sake girls! Get yourselves ready, we don’t have much time.”  
 With that said, many staff women came in with a huge makeup box. They opened and began Anna’s makeup, and Isbell’s as well. Next was the hair, Isbell had chosen an up style. During the time the girls sat there Anna’s excitement grew. And she was stressed as well, her knee shook up down. Sometime Isbell placed her hand on Anna’s knee to get her to stop. When everything was done, Holly quickly slipped Anna into her dress. The tiara was placed on Anna head then the veil was slipped to her hair. When she looked at herself in the mirror, she was very pleased with her image. Eva came into the room, herself dressed and ready and when she saw Anna. She gasped and tears began to poor. “You look just like your mother.” She said as she handed Anna her white roses, Anna then felt herself grow nauseated. “Grandma, what if, what if I fall? Or the sword doesn’t work?” “You won’t fall, and the sword will work, you’ll see. Now give me a turn.” Eva said, Anna twirled around once, and Eva cried even more. Then 
Marcus and Isbell entered the room, Isbell gasped and said. “Anna you look beautiful! Anyway, you’d better thank me, because I saw Victor trying to sneak his way in here with Erik not too long ago. And I gave them quite the scolding.” Anna giggled then was about to say something, when Albert came through the door. “We are ready for the bride.” Anna felt her stomach turn. Until her father took her arm, Anna felt safe. She didn’t feel so nervous anymore, they walked down the hallway to the ballroom.  
 When they were at the doors, Isbell and Erik entered first. Then Anna said to her father. “Don’t let me trip.” “I won’t baby.” Anna swore she heard Isbell gasp in delight as they went through the doors. Victor must have down something special, Anna wasn’t allowed to see the ballroom for decoration. She had no idea what if looked like. “Ready?” Marcus asked. “Ready.”  
 The doors opened outward and revealed the ballroom. And to Anna’s surprise, a snowflake landed on her nose. It was lightly snowing in the ballroom, but it wasn’t cold. Anna tightened her grip on her father’s arm and began to walk. Snow lightly fell on her as she did, everyone stood. And at the end she saw Victor, his white smile shined in the snow as he saw Anna. When they were at the end, Marcus gave Anna’s hand to Victor and said. “Take care of my baby girl.” “I will.” Victor said, before Victor and Anna turned to the man whom was marrying them. Then as the normal priest vowels were said he said “Anna as the bride you may speak.” Anna remembered all her vowels and said. 
 “Victor, all my life, I have heard stories of the manor upon the hill. Where a soul rested forever trapped in time. As a little girl, I wanted to go up there and see the legend for myself. That night six days ago, I finally was able to see my goal. That night, everything in my life changed, I woke you up with kiss. I defended you from a man who meant you harm, and I had only know you for a minute. For a day you promised to protect me. The next day you saved my life from a force that wished to take it. The third day I repaid you by getting the rings, from an evil force. And in return you have my father back to me, so that today he could give me to you. You have done so much for me in a short week. And I just want to say, I’m not marrying you because I have to, I’m marrying you because deep within my heart. I love you, and never want to let you go. And now to this day, I understand what my mother meant, the day she died. She meant for me, to go and find you.” Anna felt a tear drop down her face, and then the priest said. “Victor now your turn.”  
 “Anna, I’ve been asleep for fifty years, dreaming of someone, who was going to wake me up. In my dreams I saw you, when he held the sword up in my defense. I knew you were the one, you were the one. I understand what the books and drawings were saying. To find your soul mate, and never let them go. You find me; you risked your life to keep me from a horrible fate. And you gave me the kiss of life, and then you did something crazy. Just so we could be here to marry today. I love you, and this time, I know this feeling here, is real. You made my heart beat back to life, and now I give it to you. When I saw you again, I realized, it wasn’t the curse that was connecting us. It was the fact that we both loved each other. And now, I see, you’re marrying me today, because you love me. I just want to say, I’m marrying you today, not to save myself from a horrible fate. But because I love you till the end of time.” 
 “Good, now the rings if you will.” Victor then turned around to Erik who had the sword. Victor unsheathed it, and Anna and Victor held the handle. When they did the sword glowed in a brilliant light, and when they felt the sword leave their grip. The rings had changed, the ring on Anna’s finger was silver with a blue diamond. And the ring on Victor’s finger was gold, with an onyx black swirl. “By the power 
vested in me, I know pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.” With that said, Victor lifted Anna’s veil and looked into her eyes. They blue in her eyes glowed with the snow and white around her. 
 He leaned close and Victor and Anna shared a magical kiss. With that they parted and Anna heard the familiar voice of Gorik. Sitting where the man just now was standing who married them. Then Anna realized it was Gorik who had married them. “Congraudalations Lady and Lord Blackwood. Now I think it’s time the land woke up don’t you.” Gorik stood and howled, the ceiling above them dissolved to reveal a night sky with a shining moon. And Anna felt magic run through her veins. She closed her eyes, and saw the Dark Forest, the snow began to melt and flowers and now life began to string up from trees and ground. Anna opened her eyes again and looked at Victor. She couldn’t have been happier in all her life then in that moment. 
The End 
?
 
  
