Daygar Legacy #0.5
Journey to Darlet
by Christopher D. Votey
Published by Concrete Desk Publishing at Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Christopher D. Votey


Table of Contents
Important Reminder
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Pubslush Thank You
Dedication
About the Author
Also By This Author


Important Reminder #1
All the characters in this story, unless stated otherwise, are speaking French. During this time, French was considered the diplomatic language, and each character is capable of speaking multiple language, with French being the most common.
The story has been translated to modern English for your benefit, and may use phrasing not specific to this time period, but reflects the intention of what is being said.
Important Reminder #2
This is a free ebook release that serves more as a prologue to the main story, Daygar Legacy. This takes place a month before the main story, and it is my goal to show you what kind of story you are getting before you purchase the main story. This however is a complete story.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Chapter 1
May 23rd, 1358
Jacques rode carefully through the night, ready at a moment’s notice for anything. While most people feared bandits or thieves after the sun went down, Jacques de Volker feared something else. Bandits would be more welcoming than the other things hidden within the shadows.
It didn’t alleviate his fears that he was traveling in a place that was foreign to him. Most places one would travel in this world would find a dirt path, green grass, and even tall trees, but when they weren’t the ones you knew, you were more alert and paranoid. Almost like every tree or bush had a danger hiding behind it.
The only thing still familiar to him were the stars themselves. He gazed up at them and focused on their radiant light. Their twinkle gave him great comfort. Closing his eyes, he could still see each star, but only through the eyes of a boy. A boy who lived on a farm. A boy with his siblings, Sophie and Bertram, sitting by a fire. They would talk, laugh at stupid jokes, and occasionally spar with each other. They would fall asleep, feeling safe because they were close to one another. No evil could touch them.
In his entire life, he had never traveled so far for so long. Normally he would scout a general area, deal with any situations that arose, and then go home for a few days of rest. This was very different from that, as he was on a mission of great importance, a mission that required him to travel for over a month from one end of Europe to the other, past the Holy Roman Empire.
Still, he longed for a time to feel safe again, to be in the comforts of his home with much-needed rest.
He snapped out of the moment, opening his eyes. As blissful as the stars were, they were a distraction. He turned his attention back to the land before him, the lonely path in the dead of night. In the distance, an incline lead to a forest. He let out a small sigh. Forests were an excellent place for evil to hide, for people to disappear. Whether day or night, wandering a forest invited trouble.
As scary as the forest could be, Jacques continued to move towards them.
Had Jacques passed a bystander now, they might think he was a lone traveler. They would be wrong. They wouldn’t know that he was actually part of a group of men. They preferred to maintain their distance from one another, in an effort to draw less attention to themselves. During the day the distance was great; at night, things were different.
Jacques’s horse started to climb the hill, causing Jacques to tilt back. As they drew closer to the forest, he noticed a man on a horse. The man was wearing red clothing over a bulge that Jacques knew was leather armor. This man’s back was towards Jacques, but Jacques didn’t need to see his face to know who he was.
David de Tortosa.
David was their point man in the group, whose responsibility was to ride ahead and be on the lookout for danger. It was uncommon for David to make himself visible to Jacques while they traveled. Often, Jacques would need to ride ahead in search of David to give him any orders, unless they had reached a previously designated rendezvous point, which they hadn’t.
As Jacques approached David, he felt the weight of his armor on his body, and the tension of his fingers strangling the reins. He didn’t alter his speed, but his eyes remained focused on David.
David was on his horse with his focus directly ahead. His sword was sheathed, and his bow was laying loose against his body. As Jacques’s horse trotted closer, he noted an arrow sticking out of the ground. The sight of the arrow caused his stomach muscles to tighten. He pulled hard on the reins, drawing the horse to a sudden stop.
Jacques proceeded to move his arms in the air, opening them wide as if he was attempting to hug a bear. He swung them back, then forward. He repeated this motion, and after a third swing forward, he positioned his arms directly over his head while interlocking his wrists.
Once satisfied, he kicked his horse and rode towards David. As a Hunter, Jacques knew stealth was the preferable method of approach, but he felt an urgent need to get to the stationary knight quickly. With his legs, he compelled the horse to a trot and then brought it up to a canter. He knew a gallop would greatly close the distance, but feared the kind of ruckus it would cause. He slowed his horse to a walk as he was close to David, stopping alongside him.
Before the both of them were trees, but all Jacques could see was black. The great trees of the forest prevented the light from penetrating the darkness. The bright sky with a nearly full moon left him blind to what was lurking behind the veil. As his eyes adjusted, he could make out a clearing leading deeper into the forest.
He looked over at his olive-skinned friend. David’s eyes were narrow and focused, his posture relaxed. He did what he did best: see what others could not, and wait for orders.
Jacques turned his head forward again. The darkness started to lift and now he saw what David could, though for Jacques it was simply a moving blob of figures. He wasn’t able to determine much else, but he didn’t need sight to recognize what he was looking at, as his heart had already told him.
“How many?” Jacques asked.
“Three,” David answered.
“And they are…?” Jacques was interrupted.
“Feeding.”
“The victim?”
“Female.”
Jacques’s eyebrows furrowed. “What is a woman doing out this late?”
Jacques turned to his left to see the other two members of his party. They wore clothes of red over their cuir bouilli and cervellires of iron on their heads, just like him and David. Directly to his left was Janusz Bakhizen, and on the other side of Janusz was Savio d’Artusio. Jacques knew they couldn’t see into the darkness, but he noted their hands on the hilt of their sheathed swords.
“It appears we’ve got some suckers up ahead… feeding,” Jacques stated.
“How many?” Janusz asked.
“Three.”
Janusz fell to silence. All of them were awaiting orders. Jacques’s eyes raced into the trees around them; he backed up his horse slightly to see past his men to the edge of the forest. He felt uneasy fighting tonight. Any other night and he would lead the charge, but not tonight. Their mission was a higher priority and being so close to their destination, it was imperative they arrive, and not leave anything to chance.
“David, I want you to head south. I need another path that will move through this forest and get us to Darlet,” Jacques commanded.
David did not move. Jacques was unsure what to make of that. He moved his horse forward again, bringing it flush with the other horses. He didn’t turn to look at David, but the corner of his right eye noted his head still locked in place. The other two turned their gazes towards Jacques. Jacques turned to look in their eyes, seeing inquisitive looks mixed with confusion and shock.
“We aren’t going to fight them?” Savio asked.
“Do you question my orders, Savio?” Jacques asked.
“Forgive me, Master Jacques,” Savio said quietly. “The Hunter code explicitly states: A seen vampire is a dead vampire.”
Jacques knew the words spoken were true. “I know the code, but our mission takes precedence.”
Jacques lifted his hand and tightened his legs, ready to move his horse.
“What of the woman?” Now it was Janusz’s turn to question orders.
“What of her? Nothing we do now changes her fate.”
“What if she turns? Then she kills others or worse, turns them? The blood of the innocent does not wash from our souls. What will I say to Saint Peter and our Lord and Savior when asked of these stains?”
Jacques had another reason, a reason unknown to the others. However, they were right; the Templar code was clear for Hunters. He knew that he must either follow the code or reveal why he wanted to go against it.
He remained silent for a moment longer to consider his options. His eyes focused on the group ahead. He could now make out the vampires, feeding on the woman. His heart sank at the sight of such a thing. Despite the importance of their mission, his sense of duty won out.
Jacques turned to his right. “David… on your arrows.”
Jacques watched as David reached around his back to his quiver. He fingered the fletching of each arrow, searching for a particular texture. He pulled out three silver-tipped arrows and positioned his bow at the ready.
Jacques turned back to the other two. “I want you both to ride past them at a full gallop. You will intercept any who retreat. Keep them occupied. Janusz, maintain your mount at all times. They cannot enter the forest.”
Both Savio and Janusz gave a firm nod. Savio then proceeded to twitch his legs, causing his horse to sidestep away from Janusz. Janusz did the same, with his horse sidestepping away from Jacques.
Jacques turned back towards the monsters ahead. He kept his eyes focused on where he would be going. His heart was beating fast. He felt a chill on his arms and the hair on his body come to full attention. He knew he was ready for this.
* * *
Jacques pulled out his sword and gripped the handle tight as he tapped David on the shoulder. In quick succession, while maintaining his focus, David released the arrows. His bow was tightly strung, letting him pull back part way to launch the third arrow within seconds of the first.
The first arrow hit the closest vampire, who was nestled between her legs. The hit was true, and through its back the arrow pierced its heart. The perfect aim caused a bright flash that turned to fire, lighting the forest for but a moment.
The second arrow hit a vampire’s left arm. It bellowed out as the silver burned its blood. The third vampire noted the flash of the first and was quick enough to escape the last arrow’s velocity.
As Jacques sword struck the archer’s armor, the other riders kicked their horses as they witnessed the darkness swallow the arrows. Within a moment, three horses charged forward with their hooves slamming hard into the ground as the first arrow hit, guided by the light of the slain vampire, giving them a brief glimpse of their surrounds.
Jacques rode a destrier, which allowed him to reach the group of vampires faster than the others. Once in range of the wounded demon, he leapt from his horse and tackled it to the ground.
Janusz and Savio had a running start on the third vampire, who had barely recovered from dodging the arrow. This creature attempted a clean break for the tree line, but Janusz intercepted and blocked its path. Savio rode to corner the monster.
Jacques was able to roll off the vampire, putting some distance between them, before settling on his knees ready for the vampire’s next attack. Vampires were vicious at close range. The monster, however, remained on its back in anguish from the arrow protruding from its arm.
Seeing this, Jacques rose to his feet and lunged at it, raising his Damascus steel sword high in the air, and thrusting his swords at the creature now at his feet. The monster desperately lifted its injured arm and punched the sword on its way down, pushing it away from its body. The swordsman’s ferocity caused the sword to stab the ground and stick in place, missing the vampire.
The demon shifted its body and gave a thudding kick to Jacques’s side. The impact didn’t injure him, but did push him away several steps, losing his grip on his hilt as the sword protruded from the ground upright.
Jacques regained composure as the vampire jumped to its feet. The undead beast lifted the sword from the ground and threw it away. Jacques wanted to chase after his sword, as he felt incomplete without it. Instead, he dug his feet into the ground and kept his gaze upon the brute. Their eyes met: deep brown and dark red, locking into each other.
Janusz lifted his sword in the air as he maneuvered his horse to block the vampire from escaping. Savio positioned his horse to prevent it going anywhere else, steering the beast closer to Janusz. Any time the demon was within reach, Janusz tried to stab at it, but it was too quick. The monster did its best to defend against the horsemen, either dodging or using its arms to deflect Janusz’s silver-plated steel sword.
With the creature focused on Janusz, Savio dismounted and charged. The demon was quick, but not quick enough. Savio’s sword made contact, cutting into the skin. The beast was vulnerable, but Janusz was unable to go for its heart, as the wild scream of agony from the vampire hurt his ears.
The demon pushed against Savio, nearly throwing him on his back. Savio managed to stay on his feet. The beast saw an opening and ran to the trees. Janusz used his horse to cut the creature off. The vampire hissed in Janusz’s direction.
Savio rushed at the demon, intending to stab its heart from behind. His footsteps echoed in its ears as it quickly turned around. Savio was caught by complete surprise and swung his sword from overhead down onto the monster. It raised its uncovered arm in defense, letting out a roar as the silver scraped its skin.
Its back was again exposed to Janusz. He tried to pierce its heart, but the creature was able to parry his thrust. Janusz, continued to stab at it, while Savio proceeded to slash. The demon, however, was adept at defending itself, but as it did blocked, more cuts were made into its skin.
The agony heard from its mouth told both Hunters all the they needed to know. While pierced skin wouldn’t kill it, a multitude of deep cuts would make their fight easier, as it grew weaker with each slice. There was only so much the unholy beast could endure, and Savio was ready to end this.
Savio became more aggressive with a barrage of swings, which prevented the demon from anticipating the next attack. It was quick enough to block the blade, but each time it was a little slower.
Janusz saw it weakening. He lifted his sword above his head and swung down. The demon was able to deflect with its arm, as it had done so many times. But this time, Janusz didn’t let up. He used the momentum of his swing to continue pushing down on his arm, digging in deeper and touching the bone. It grunted as the silver mixed with its blood, causing even more pain.
As the vampire focused on the sword that skewered its arm, it’s chest was exposed to Savio. He raised his blade to his cheek, and thurst if forward, stabbing the demon clean through. The vampire’s scream could be felt in their bodies as it penetrated in their ears.
Thankfully, the screaming stopped as it transformed into a bright flash and disappeared into the night.
Jacques kept his eyes trained on the monster, unsure of what it would do. He couldn’t help but notice a foul stench in his nose. It reminded him of a graveyard: dirt, mold, and decaying flesh. He desperately wanted to draw in fresh air, but each time he tried, he wanted to gag. He pushed back that feeling, and concentrated on the walking corpse.
The vampire charged, closing the distance quickly. It grabbed onto Jacques and attempted to drag him to the ground, but he resisted. Instead, Jacques pressed his hand on the its chest and shouted,
“Feet unbound, stand no more.
Leave the ground, and you shall soar.”
The monster paid no attention to this until it was flying through the air, landing on its back. Jacques noticed his sword not too far from where the vampire laid. He dashed towards his weapon, but only got a few steps, as the monster crawled on the ground and latched onto his leg, forcing him to the ground.
Jacques tried stretching out to his sword. He was a meter away from it, yet felt like it was within his grasp. He pulled the vampire with him, trying to get closer. The demon jumped to its feet and began dragging him away.
Jacques gave up on his sword and instead turned on his back, shoving his foot in its face. The kick was enough for the monster to let go of Jacques’s leg. He climbed to his feet and faced the demon once more.
At that moment, the dark forest became bright, painting the face of the vampire. Jacques noted its pale moon complexion and the blood dripping from its mouth. The demon witnessed the flash, listening to the agonizing sound it made. All it could muster was a grunt in response.
Jacques reached for his stake that was nestled in a sheath that hung from his belt. It was made of yew wood, the only wood capable of killing a vampire. He took out his stake and held it firmly. He knew that running back for his sword would make him vulnerable to attack, and it would do everything to keep him from it. At this point, he was forced to use whatever means he could to kill it.
With the bright light vanishing into the night, the demon turned towards Jacques again. It charged at him, closing the distance once more and began punching him. It started with a right cross into Jacques’s chest plate, and then a left into his abdomen. He tried to block, but the vampire was too fast.
The leather stood up to the assault as the brute continued to deliver a flurry of blows. Each powerful hit made a loud thud against his armor, which he felt down to his bones. He managed to get a few jabs against the demon, but the more Jacques tried, the weaker his resolve became.
Tears began forming at the corner of his eyes as the ugly beast continued to attack him, with each hit harder than before. He did his best to hold back the tears, waiting for his chance to stab its heart. The monster wasn’t making this easy for him, and he soon faced the thought that tonight might be his last.
Everything was starting to go dark as the pain was about all he could feel. He could only see the punches as they came to him, as he felt he couldn’t do anything to stop them. The vampire paused a moment, reaching back with its fist and stepped into the attack, intending to hit the Hunter square into his chest.
Jacques saw this punch coming, and screamed in his mind to do something, fearing that this might be it. His mind snapped to attention, stepping out of the path of the punch and swung hard against its face. His hand, which held his stake, made contact against its face.
The demon had committed everything to its attack, leaving nothing for its own defense. As strong as the vampire was, it appeared to be rather frail. The impact caused it to be stunned for just a moment. Jacques knew this was his time to act. He summoned his remaining energy and lifted his stake high in the air, knowing he would not get a better opportunity than this. He thrust the wood down towards its chest.
The vampire raised its arm in defense, locking their wrist. The desperate strength Jacques had mustered proved not enough for this foul creature. It disarmed the Hunter and threw the stake away, as it had done with his sword.
The others saw what was happening and rushed towards Jacques. From two directions, horses hammered their hooves into the ground as they raced towards the battle. The disturbance caused by the horses diverted the gaze of the vampire, turning from Jacques.
Jacques, without thinking, took hold the arrow still in the creature’s arm, giving it a hard yank and splintering it where it broke. He took the now-sharp end and stabbed the chest of this grotesque, smelly creature.
The vampire stumbled back a few steps. The broken arrow protruded from its chest, yet the monster remained. As the vampire reached for the arrow, Jacques lunged his body towards the brute, reaching back with his dominant hand and thrusting it at the end of the shaft.
His fist was deadly accurate, as it drove the shaft deeper. The vampire shrieked as light emanated from its body, growing in intensity as it transformed into fire. Jacques had put everything into that punch, and as a result, he kept moving forward. He passed right through the vampire as it disappeared, landing where it once stood.
All that remained was the ash that fell to the ground.
* * *
Both David and Janusz arrived around the same time to where Jacques was lying. A moment later, Savio ran up to where Jacques was, grabbing his arms to help him up. Jacques pushed Savio’s hands away and lifted himself to his knees.
Jacques looked up and saw his three men before him. His eyes were inquisitive as he looked at each of them. Savio and Janusz matched his eyes and nodded while David shook his head.
“All dead and no more,” Jacques muttered.
He knew it to be true, but speaking the words filled his lungs with the cool air. The once great stench dissipated as the vampire burned up. It felt great to breathe without gagging on the on the vile odor, which helped calm his rapidly beating heart.
He hated moments where a split-second decision made all the difference. He found the broken-off arrow shaft that had saved his life, grabbing onto it as he rose to his feet.
Both Janusz and David dismounted their horses and moved over to Jacques. Janusz patted Jacques on the shoulder, clearing away some of the ash on his back. As their eyes met, Janusz smiled. Jacques gave a half-smile back to him, but it quickly disappeared.
“Is everyone all right?” Jacques asked, turning his head to see all of them. No one said anything though Janusz slightly nodded. Jacques accepted their silence as a good sign.
He then moved towards David. David met him with an inquisitive stare. He handed him the broken arrow shaft. David reacted by closing his eyes slightly, casting a cold glare. These arrows were unique, unlike his other arrows; these were made of yew wood with a silver tip. They were highly expensive, and not easy to replace. He returned David’s dismayed eyes with an authoritative glance.
Jacques moved from David to the woman on the ground. Her clothes were ripped to shreds while her body was drenched in her own blood. He noted three sets of puncture marks. As hungry as the vampires seemed, they were sloppy in how they drank from her.
Janusz went to her side, dropping down to his knees near her head. He put the palm of his hand above her mouth and then glided it towards her heart.
“She is without life,” Janusz stated.
“I can say I’ve never seen three suckers on a single victim before… at the exact same time,” Jacques mused.
“Based on what I saw of their appearance, I believe we were dealing with Gierach,” Savio stated, trembling.
“I’m not familiar with Gierach.”
When it came to vampires, Savio was the expert. Jacques knew quite a bit, though, his knowledge was more generic. He barely knew any vampires by name.
“Gierachs originate from Prussia. Their red glowing eyes and awful smell are a definitive giveaway. They hunt early in the night, but rarely past midnight. Lucky for us there isn’t a lot going on upstairs,” Savio stated, gesturing to his head. “They stay in the woods and attack any on the path. They are also very strong, and likely to drain a victim dry.”
“What are Prussian vampires doing in Poland?” David’s voice echoed.
“These days it seems a lot of suckers are doing what they aren’t supposed to. Why do you suppose that is, Master Jacques?” Janusz quipped.
Jacques had no answer. He did, however, agree with Janusz’s sentiment.
Savio interjected, “That may be why she was attacked.”
“Irrelevant now,” Jacques stated. “We need to get moving before more show up. Janusz, administer Sacraments. Savio, gather up the horses. David, collect your arrows and keep your eyes and ears open.”
Everyone did as ordered. David rushed off to find his arrows. Since arrows were hard to come by, David always made sure he collected any arrows he fired. In fact, for Jacques to order this seemed silly as he would do so anyways. As he found each arrow, he put them back in his quiver. Luckily, with vampires turning to ash, gathering his arrows was as easy as lifting them from the ground.
Jacques himself walked over this his sword. He felt a bit ashamed that he was disarmed, twice. He heard his father in his ear, telling him that even a skilled knight loses their sword in a battle. His father often told him that what mattered is if the knight was still alive at the end of the fight. Once he got his sword, he retrieved his stake.
Savio was fortunate that Janusz’s and David’s horses were close. His horse was still where he left it when he killed the vampire, and Jacques’s horse had run off from where Jacques had jumped from it. He got on David’s horse and rode off to get the other two horses, knowing that Janusz would need his horse.
Jacques returned to see a circle drawn around the woman, and her ripped clothing covering up her nearly naked body. As he approached, Janusz stood up and went to his horse. He returned a moment later with a book and a small vial. On his knees, Janusz opened the vial and dabbed what was inside onto his thumb. With his thumb, he drew a cross on her forehead. His other hand held the book tight as he whispered a prayer.
Jacques began looking around, as he waited for Janusz to finish. He heard a word here and there from Janusz, knowing the words were a formal prayer; making a request to God. He was asking for her to be accepted into His kingdom.
Looking down at the woman and listening to Janusz, Jacques wondered if any of this actually served a purpose. A priest might have tried to convince Jacques that there was nothing lost from doing it. He always felt that was a hollow answer, but then so was the answer to why would God ever create such monsters.
Once done, Janusz rose to his feet and stepped away. Jacques pulled out his sword and readied it at her throat. It was one thing to kill a monster, as they were not human. Desecrating a human body, that was sacrilegious. Despite being necessary, this was hard for any of them, though it scared Jacques that he was less hesitant tonight than ever before.
He picked up his sword and raised it over his head, with the end nearly touching his back. He then swung down. The fierce velocity of his swing almost made her skin split before the blade even touched her, opening wider as the blade got deeper. The metal made a straight cut through her, and the head rolled back. Only a little blood sprang forth from her, as it seemed there was little left within her.
Jacques used to tell himself this was necessary. Tonight… he said nothing.
Janusz used two fingers to make a cross in the air. “Thy Lord’s work has been done.”
Jacques sheathed his sword and walked away. He got on his horse, as the others did. Each of them bowed his head to his horse’s head. Jacques concentrated as he muttered a spell. This spell would hopefully give their horse enough energy for the rest of the way. Though, as tired as he felt, he wasn’t sure how much energy he had left.
Jacques raised his head in time to see David ride off. Once David was a good distance away, Jacques kicked his horse and followed.
Jacques could only think about what consequence this might have caused. What was done had to be done, though that thought didn’t make him feel any better.


Chapter 2
The ride to Darlet took little time. Jacques had seen the glimmer of light a few kilometers back and knew they were close. Unlike most other villages, this one sat a distance from any other. Also unusual was that it was watched over by a keep. Most keeps were built to watch over towns or cities, but not villages. It was most peculiar.
The sight of Darlet was uninspiring. From a distance, nothing about it seemed to stand out. Even up close, the village was just a village. The keep, however, was anything but a keep. It stood tall on a hill, blending with the night sky. While the village itself drowned in torchlight, the keep seemed to ward off the surrounding light and bathed itself in darkness.
Jacques knew the keep was there, as it was their final destination. He grew apprehensive. The Pope was never forthcoming with information, and because of that, he was still uncertain what was actually waiting for him. However, it was more than that…
Something was weighing on Jacques’s heart. While the mission was a concern, this was something else. It wasn’t something he could explain, but could swear his heart felt like it was beating faster and slower at the same time. Ordinarily, a sense like this meant only one thing, but never had it been this intense before. Whatever it was, Jacques did his best to put it out of his mind.
Jacques closed his eyes, and then opened them again. To his surprise, he was now on the path that lead directly up to the keep. He swore his eyes were closed only for a moment, but now the keep, that was once at a distance, was looking down on him. He gave a hard swallow as he felt judged by its presence. He looked ahead and could see David off of his horse next to the keep, right where the trail ended.
Jacques got off his horse and walked the rest of the way. His legs were in need of a good stretch. Plus, his bottom was quite sore. He took a deep breath, but tasted warm stale air, with a horrible stench of death.
Once he reached David, he let go of his horse. He knew he could go on ahead without them; simply give an order to David, and David would tell the orders to the others. However, Jacques knew this time was different. He felt his men should hear the order directly from their leader. Whatever was to happen once he stepped inside, for their safety, it was paramount for them to follow his orders. Because of this, he waited for the others to arrive.
David was eyeing the keep. Jacques imagined David’s eyes scanning every crack in the stone, trying to understand the structure. From what Jacques could make out, it was a big round keep, three levels high with a few windows on this side that appeared to be lit from within.
The sensation in Jacques’s heart intensified, and he knew the others could feel it as well. Being a Hunter enhanced their natural senses, but it also gave them the ability to detect other things in the night. In his youth, his father told stories of Hunters being able to detect other things than just vampires, though he was never overly specific about what those other things were.
This unique awareness grew from hunting vampires, always knowing when they were close, but never exactly where or how far. His feeling near the keep was both familiar and different, which left him rather confused.
Jacques heard the pounding of dirt. He turned and saw Janusz and Savio on horseback. They said nothing; they simply dismounted where David and Jacques were.
Jacques looked at them. Since he saw Darlet, he had rehearsed in his mind what he needed to say. All of this was uncharted territory for him, as he wasn’t entirely sure what to expect. As a leader, he needed to maintain confidence in his voice. If he portrayed even a hint of distress, it would cause the others to worry. His show of strength needed to be an inspiration for the others.
While looking at his men, Jacques imagined himself taking a relaxing breath.
Jacques began, “I trust everyone is well. I imagine all of you are in need of a good break. I know when night comes, we typically set up camp and decide who guards for the night. I didn’t do it tonight as I knew we were close. The importance of this mission demands that we get here as soon as we could.”
“Do you think it wise to visit in the middle of the night?” Janusz asked.
There were some instances when Jacques didn’t like Janusz’s inquisitive nature. Jacques knew that any other night, in any other place, his question would be valid, but tonight, it was not. Unfortunately, Jacques couldn’t disclose that information.
“A message from the Pope himself?” Jacques retorted. “I don’t image anyone would want to wait until morning for that. I’m sure they’ll understand our late-night intrusion. We are here on the behalf of the Pope and must act accordingly. The Pope’s instructions were clear, I will be the one to go in; all of you must remain out here.”
“Is that wise? Do you even know who these people are?” David asked.
Jacques had a very good idea who they are. “I don’t know.”
“Then how do you know you don’t need support?”
“The Pope assured me that my presence alone would suffice. That so long as we did as he ordered, we would be unharmed.”
Jacques couldn’t blame them for questioning the orders of the Pope. Even he had difficulty putting his trust in the Papacy. Jacques could see in their eyes they wanted to object further, but their sense of duty ran deep. They would follow his orders as they were trained to do.
“Perhaps it will be best for us to stand watch then, while you’re inside,” David advised.
“No,” Jacques dictated.
Janusz’s and Savio’s eyes widened as they furrowed their brows. Their mouths slightly open. Jacques was not surprised by their reactions, though he was surprised by David, the stoic, who cocked his head and shot Jacques a narrow-eyed expression.
“Forgive my questioning, Master,” David said in a stiff but elevated tone. “You stated yourself: you don’t know what to expect or who these people are. Being out in the open like this; vampires could very well strike us at a moment’s notice. I’d rather be prepared for an attack than be easily ambushed. We should be on our guard and prepared for anything to happen.”
His men were starting to try his patience. He was ready to come down on them, but he stopped himself. He took a mental step back and realized his own fears of this situation added to the stress of the moment, and had he been in their boots, he would be doing much the same.
“Not this time, David,” Jacques replied. “The Pope was the one who sent us here, and he has his reasons. More than that, those who dwell here may not like us doing anything without an invitation to do so. If they ask us, that is one thing, but to presume what is best, is an affront to them and sends the wrong message. We are guests here, and we will remain so until stated otherwise. Understand?”
David forced his head up and down. Jacques looked sternly towards the others. Both Janusz and Savio nodded.
Jacques then went to his horse. He pulled a necklace from around his neck, which held keys and an emblem given to him by the Pope. He picked out the key needed and proceeded to unlock his saddle bag. He pulled out two objects and then locked his bag. Before turning around, he put the keychain under his armor.
He walked back to the group, revealing a white candle and a nail. He eyed the candle, finding the perfect spot, and drove the nail into the wax.
“Janusz, light the candle,” Jacques ordered.
Janusz took the candle and did as he was commanded. He spoke under his breath and used his finger and thumb to touch the wick. He pressed them tight and quickly let go, leaving a flame behind.
“Whatever you may hear from within the keep, you are not to enter,” Jacques commanded. “Under no circumstance will you go inside; even if you believe I may be in danger. If I am not back when that nail falls, you are to ride into the village immediately. In the morning, you will ride back to Avignon. Do not come for me.”
Jacques looked each of them in their eyes. All of them, including David, told him they would obey, even if they didn’t understand. No words were spoken. It was uncharacteristic for them to leave a man behind, but Jacques didn’t know what dangers there were beyond the keep’s door.
Jacques turned and went to the keep’s entrance. He told himself that he would be safe; no harm would come to him. He tried telling himself that God would protect him, but he also knew that God had his own plans. Whatever God wanted, God would get. Praying wouldn’t change that.
The path led him under an archway, made from timber and stone. The timber was warped, and the stone was cracked. Jacques wondered what this keep might have looked like when it was first built.
He was soon met by a large wooden door. In the middle of the door, at the height of his head, a metal ring hung down. He lifted the heavy metal and banged the door three times. Each bang had an echo behind it; an echo Jacques could feel inside himself.
On the third swing, he let it drop from his hand. There he stood to wait. He hated being in this position, not knowing what would happen next, not able to anticipate the next action. Being in a battle was easy; diplomacy was hard.
Jacques had never been more aware of his weapons, as his heart slammed harder against his chest. He took in a breath and let it out, but the taste of death remained.
He heard the door creaking as it started to move. He had anticipated someone on the other side, but when the door swung open, only the empty foul air greeted him.
His body immediately tensed up, frozen in place. A whisper in his mind told him this was a bad idea. He wasn’t sure why the whisper told him this, whether it was the intense feeling thrust upon his heart, or knowing what his mission entailed. All he really knew is that he had to keep moving. He had come too far not to see this through. He closed his eyes and told himself to move forward. He repeated this over and over again. To his surprise, it seemed to work as the whisper in his mind disappeared.
He opened his eyes and found he had control of his body once more. He stepped through the portal and into the keep. The air was even more unpleasant than it was outside. From the taste in his mouth to the odor that choked his nostrils, he could only note that it was much stronger.
From the door, he walked into a large circular room. To the right were stairs of stone that protruded from the wall itself, leading to a platform at the top of the stairs. That platform led to a wide double-door that Jacques guessed was the second story of the keep.
Beneath the stairs was an entry to a hallway, with another entryway matching it on the opposite wall. On each side of the entryways were unlit torches, and high in the room was a chandelier of what appeared to be wrought iron with candles. Unlike the torches, each candle of the chandelier was lit.
He walked to the center. This room was large enough, he could see the door on the second level from where he stood. He had a good line of sight to both hallways, able to see the light that crawled upon the floor and where the darkness pushed it back.
He suddenly felt air blowing at him, followed by a loud bang. He turned to see the keep’s door now closed.
The noise echoed through the room and continued down the hallways past where Jacques was standing. He wondered if the others in the keep heard as well. Given how loud it was, how could they not?
He turned back from the door and looked ahead. He was alone, yet he felt surrounded. The feeling he’d experienced since he first laid eyes on the keep was much stronger inside. Someone, or something, was definitely here.
He wasn’t sure what to do, but presumed they were aware of his presence. How else to explain the door? He knew it was proper for him to stay here and wait to be addressed. The last thing he wanted to do was insult the Lords of the keep.
Off in the distance, he heard a faint sound. He couldn’t describe it, only that it was small and far away. He looked around, trying to identify its source. The more he heard it, the greater in volume it became, yet it was still very quiet. He surmised that whatever it was, it was coming in his direction.
As he continued to listen, he soon was able to pinpoint its location. It was coming from the hallway that was beneath the stairs. More than just knowing where it was coming from, he now knew that they were footsteps. Whoever made these steps on the stone floor, were not wearing any armor, as they made very little sound.
He looked down the hallway, but saw nothing. The light from the chandelier revealed very little, yet he continued to stare, squinting his eyes.
Slowly a figure became visible. At first he couldn’t decipher the shape into anything specific, but more was revealed to Jacques as the body came closer to the light. He could see long flowing hair, with swaying hips and a revealing top. No, not a top, a bare chest and breasts that bounced with each step.
The light slowly revealed a woman walking towards him, with a crown of crimson as bright as the sun. Her skin was a tanned olive color, moist in the light’s glow. She wore a long flowing skirt that hugged her hips and wore only an empty stare above his waist.
Her eyes shifted slightly to match Jacques’s gaze. He was lost in her eyes, and a bit sadden when her glance returned to the path before her. Looking at her was like looking at a painting vibrant in color, or a statue chiseled to perfection. He lacked any other thought as her body quivered with each step.
She was close now. Jacques, if desired, could reach out with his hand and touch her. His training ran deep. Once someone joined the Order, they did not engage in any sexual activity. However, a selfish part of him wanted to disobey, but in his heart he was a Templar Hunter.
As she moved past him, Jacques did nothing but watch her. She moved towards the other entrance and entered the hallway. She became enveloped by the darkness once more as she escaped the light.
Jacques watched as she disappeared from his view. He was unsure what to make of this. This was unusual behavior, which made him wonder what he had gotten himself into.
“Quite a lovely sight!” a voice announced from above.
Jacques was unaware another person was here. He quickly moved his body in the direction of the voice, jerking his head upward. He immediately saw a smile at the top of the stairs, with visible fangs.
Jacques instinctively moved his hands. His right hand found its way to the sheath hanging from his belt while his left grasped his hilt. An alarm went off in his mind, screaming to draw his sword. He wanted to, more than anything he wanted to, but he stopped himself. Rather, he waited to see what would happen next.
The vampire’s smile disappeared and was replaced by a glowering stare. “You come into my keep uninvited and dare reach for your sword? Here I thought Templars had manners.”
Jacques’s heart pounded as sweat emanated from his forehead. He still waited for the next move to be made. The sight of its fangs burned into his mind, an image that told him to do something aggressive. However, the words of the vampire rang in his ears.
He wanted to speak but felt he would show fear in his tone. He took a mental breath, and directed anger towards the creature. “How do you know I’m a Templar?”
The vampire glared at Jacques. They say it is foolish to maintain a vampire’s gaze, but Hunters were able to resist any sort of magic a vampire used in its stare, at least for a short time. Even then, Jacques had never kept his eyes focused on such a beast for any longer than a moment.
As their eyes remained locked, Jacques noted blue eyes. The vampire had a cold stare, yet he could see a great intelligence. Before now, he had only seen red eyes of the demons he hunted. He now wondered if perhaps red wasn’t the only color for these creatures.
“I can smell it. You reek of a warrior, a Knight of the Templars… might I say, a Hunter of the Order. I would relish in the thought of the return of the Templar Order, if not for your insistence to be my enemy,” the vampire asserted.
Hearing the vampire had triggered the words of the Pope. He spoke of these vampires, telling him they were honorable. Despite his long journey, a part of him didn’t want to believe it.
Jacques’s eyes were still locked in while his hands held firm. Only his mind was detached, convincing himself to let go. He first spoke calmly in his head, but that soon became shouting. Eventually, his hands managed to let go, and he forced them into place on either side of his body.
“Hmm… we can’t have that, now, can we? If your intentions here are truly virtuous… drop your sword to the ground.”
Jacques balked at the idea. “You can take my word as a Templar: no harm will come your way.”
The vampire’s face stayed angry. “Maybe forty years ago a Templar’s word might have meant something to me. Now it means nothing but an empty promise.”
He saw that this vampire was serious. This demand, very likely, was non-negotiable. He begrudgingly unhooked his belt and grabbed the sheathed sword. The belt came off with the sword, and he set them on the ground before him. The belt also carried his coin purse, his wooden stake, and his ceremonial dagger. He was ready to hear the vampire instruct him to kick it away.
The vampire’s demeanor changed instantly to a smile.
Jacques broke eye contact with the vampire to look him over. He had difficulty identifying the color of his overcoat. The light in this room didn’t allow him to see too much detail. He knew it was a dark shade, yet not as dark as his clothes underneath. Perhaps it was a dark gray instead of a black. Whatever the color was, it was definitely a contrast to his pale skin, though there seemed to be more color in his face than other vampires he’s encountered.
“Now, with that out of the way… What are you doing here?” he demanded.
“I am Jacques de Volker. I have come here seeking out your house. I wish to ask for your help.”
“What… an interesting name. A clash of French and German… how, pray tell, did that happen?”
Jacques said nothing, he simply looked into the demon’s blue eyes. It was a full moment before he readdressed him. “Again, I am here to seek your help.”
“Tight-lipped, I see. So you want my help.” His smile faded. “Was it not you and your men who killed vampires within my territory? Is that how a French-German countryman asks for help? Kill us as a bargaining chip?”
Jacques didn’t like where this was going. His hairs began to point straight out, as he felt goose bumps on his arms, crawling up on his neck. He wanted to reach for his sword again. He had to remind himself that it laid on the ground before him.
“Forgive me, Your Grace; I had not known they were yours. We saw a woman being attacked; our code is very specific.” Jacques boosted his voice a bit.
The vampire’s smile returned once more. “Those things you killed were not of us. They are immature children who thirst for death and suffering. They are nothing more than savages, much like the rest of their brethren. In fact, I thank you for your good deed.”
The vampire kept his eyes on Jacques, as he moved to the stairs and began his descent. “So Templar, who sent you?”
“What do you mean?” Jacques asked.
“You might be a Templar Hunter, but the Order is dead. Someone else is pulling your strings. Tell me who it is.”
Jacques paused a moment.
“Pope Clement the Sixth,” he said in a low voice.
The vampire bellowed a laugh, still moving down the stairs, taking his time. “The Papacy has no welcome here. Since he is your leader, that means you have no welcome here either. I’m afraid you’ve come a long way for nothing.”
“It’s not that simple. People are dying out there.” Jacques locked his knees and pressed his heels to the ground. He understood the importance of this, and would do whatever was needed of him.
“Your people have been dying since you first learned to walk on two legs. There’s nothing we can do about that.”
“It’s more than that. Rumors tell of people dying by the hundreds. Each day a town or village is closing themselves off while others are deserted. I have seen it for myself; something is killing them from within.”
“So sad to hear,” the demon said coldly. “What makes you think we can help you?”
“For the last few years, vampires have been growing in numbers. We believe there is a connection. That somehow the vampires are behind this,” Jacques stated.
“That very well may be. If only there were an army trained in fighting vampires and dealing with this mess.” The vampire looked away from Jacques and chuckled a bit. “Oh, wait, there was such an army. Then the Papacy turned its back on them. Now here you stand; the final remnant of that once-great army.”
He looked back at Jacques, stopping at the midway point on the stairs above the entrance to the hallway.
“So… what would you have us do?” the vampire asked.
Jacques took a moment. He wasn’t sure how his plea for help was going. He was still alive, which was the only good thing Jacques could estimate.
The vampire patiently waited for an answer.
“There are stories of your house helping Charlemagne deal with the great vampire threat in his time. Within the records of the Templar Archive, the story holds ‘for had it not been for the wisdom of Melanthios, Europe would know only of darkness, and Charlemagne would have failed the people he sought to protect’. The Pope told me that Melanthios was a house of vampires.”
Now it was the vampire’s turn to pause. He looked away and continued his descent once more. He came to the last step and stopped. He was looking in Jacques direction, but not looking at him.
“So, you figured we did it once, we can do it again?” the vampire asked. “See, the story I heard is that Carolus Magnus gave us land in his mighty empire for helping him. We would have our own kingdom and be left alone. But as soon as his family fell out of favor, we were banished; an injustice, to this day, that has never been corrected.”
The Pope had made Jacques privy to that part of the story. The Pope was a keeper of secrets, and yet with this one he was very forthcoming. Initially, the Pope had refused this his request to go on this mission, but eventually he was able to convince the Pope, citing this as their only remaining option.
Jacques reached under his leather armor from above his waist and pulled out a papal bull.
Jacques held it out. “I was ordered to give this to you.”
The vampire stepped onto the floor and moved swiftly to Jacques. He was now an arm’s length away. Jacques has never been this close to a monster unless they were trying to kill each other.
The vampire snatched it from Jacques’s fingers. It was a folded-up paper with a wax seal and metal medallion. After inspecting it, the vampire gaze locked with Jacques’s. “What does it say?”
Jacques responded, “I don’t know.”
The vampire’s gazed narrowed. “You lie. You might be able to lie to the Papacy himself, but it is much harder to lie to a vampire.”
Jacques began to blink. “The Pope sealed it himself. I would have to break the seal to read it.”
The vampire broke eye contact and turned away from him, walking towards the door beneath the stairs. He swiped his arm along the wall; hovering his hand above the torches. As he moved from one torch to the next, they both came alive with fire.
Despite summoning the flame, the vampire kept his distance… except for the papal bull he was now poking into the fire. “You see, my dear boy, there is a difference between a wax seal done by hand and wax resealed by a magical touch. So tell me, Templar, what does it say? Or would you rather be responsible for the deaths of millions? Responsible for the fall of the Papacy? Responsible for the death of your family?”
Jacques stood his ground. The vampire would be foolish to destroy such a document. It came from the Pope himself. A papal bull was a rare sight, as they were only used for official decrees by the Pope.
It seemed the vampire knew exactly what Jacques was thinking. He poked the papal bull deeper into the flame and let it sit there. The folded document caught on fire. The vampire pulled it out and then turned to Jacques with a big smile.
The paper was very waxy, designed to be protected from the elements. It had a slow burn. However, Jacques did see it start turning to black.
“Okay, okay… I read it. I will tell you what it says, just put it out first.”
The vampire waved his hand through the flame, letting out a loud grunt as Jacques heard a sizzle like bacon in a pan. As the demon continued to wave his hand through the fire, the flame began to retard. The paper turned from black to its original color. As soon as the paper looked as it did when handed to the vampire… the flame disappeared.
Now relieved, Jacques answered the vampire, “It states that Pope Clement VI will honor the original contract you had with Charlemagne. You will be given sovereignty and your own lands within the Holy Roman Empire. This is contingent on the defeat or removal of the vampire threat from our lands.”
The vampire cocked his head back and let out a bellowing laugh. “Oh, my… I am impressed. The Papacy is more desperate than I gave him credit for.”
The vampire continued to laugh a few more seconds and then stopped abruptly. He turned back towards Jacques. “Seems like a decent offer. However, I really don’t see this as being our problem. It was your kind that turned on my House. These vampires are after you, not us. Our best move is to stay out of the way.”
Fortunately for Jacques, the Pope had been prepared for this answer. “I do not believe that to be true.”
A single eyebrow on the vampire’s face twitched up. “Oh?”
Jacques swallowed. “We have evidence from a raid on a vampire camp. A letter stating their intention of coming after you once we humans have been dealt with. The vampires view you as traitors.”
“Is that so? Did you happen to bring this evidence with you?”
“No.”
“Have you yourself seen this?”
“I have, though, I didn’t understand what it meant until the Pope explained it to me,” Jacques replied, with his eyes fluttering a bit as he spoke.
The vampire stood, looking at Jacques. Jacques wasn’t sure what was happening. He simply matched the gaze, trying to maintain a tough front and not to blink further. Though the longer their eyes remained locked, the greater the desire to close his eyes. Jacques wondered if his host could see right through him.
The vampire broke the silence. “That certainly does change things. It’s a shame about the Papacy; he must have great regret for what he did to your forefathers so many years ago.”
“That was a different Pope.” Jacques often found himself saying those words.
“Was it? Are you sure about that? Perhaps the man has changed, and even his location has changed, but the office itself remains the same.”
Jacques had no response to that.
The vampire returned to silence. He grew to dislike the silence as the roar of the fire now became noticeable. He did feel a bit relieved that the conversation was moving forward, though his heart continued to beat hard as he was unsure where it was headed.
The vampire started to walk towards Jacques. “I must say, I am quite surprised that someone related to Jacques de Molay would be working for the organization that turned its back on him and his men, who let them be burnt at the stake as heretics rather than reveal the nature of my kind.”
Jacques brow furrowed. “How… how did you know of my lineage?”
The vampire tilted his head towards Jacques and purposely let in a small rush of air through his nose. “By your aroma. Vampires have an excellent nose for human blood. In fact, we can smell the blood of a distant relative several generations apart. Your smell is quite distinct from his, but there is still a hint of him there. Funny… he never mentioned having children.”
Jacques’s eyebrows went from furrowed to raised, his eyes opening wide. “You… met Jacques de Molay?”
“Oh, yes. He came here… much like you are now. Oh, the bravado he had… even his enemies bowed to his presence. I can honestly say I’ve never met a human such as he.”
“Why did he come here?”
The vampire responded, “Same reason you did, though his request was for Jerusalem. He wanted the Templars to return there, to fight off the Mongolians in the area. He knew that the vampires were the source of power for the Mongolians, even if the Mongolians didn’t know it themselves.”
“What did you say? Did you agree to help?”
“The Templars, like the Teutonic Knights, had always left us alone. They honored our agreement with Carolus Magnus, unlike the Papacy and the power behind it. We told him if he could obtain the authorization, we would provide him help. However, he was not to mention us to King Philip IV. The King… was not to be trusted.”
Jacques wondered what he was implying. He knew well the story of his great uncle, and how King Philip IV was responsible for arresting him and killing him. The demon’s words made him wonder if there was more to the story than he had been told.
“Do you mean that the king was…?”
The vampire cut him off. “I simply mean he was not to be trusted. Look at what happened to the Grand Master of the Knight Templars. The last Grand Master.”
The vampire looked at the papal bull. He held it in his hands, and Jacques tried to wager what he was thinking. A vampire was hard to understand, and the way this vampire moved his hands, he would have guessed the vampire was attempting to guess its weight.
“I need to discuss this with the Elders. You will have an answer by morning.”
The vampire moved to the stairs.
Jacques watched him ascend the stairs, waiting to see if there was anything that would be said. Only silence came from the vampire in red.
As he reached the halfway point, Jacques broke the silence. “Begging your pardon?”
The vampire stopped and turned once more to Jacques. “Yes?”
“I didn’t travel alone. My men are outside. We’ve traveled a long way and could use a good bed and a warm meal to eat.”
The vampire bowed his head in silence. A moment had passed before he raised his head. “Do your men know why they are here?”
Jacques bowed his head.
“I figured as much,” the vampire stated. “Under the circumstances, and given how quick you were to reach for your sword, I’m afraid they must remain outside.”
Jacques moved his head back up to face him. He understood the vampire’s reasoning, regretting his previous actions. “I will then send them to the village.”
“No,” the vampire bellowed.
The vampire seemed to lose his composure a bit, and Jacques could see his fangs clearly. The vampire attempted to speak calmly.
“Your men will remain here. They are free to set up a fire if they wish. There is some wood near where they are standing now, on the side of the keep. Take what you need.
“They are welcome to sleep tonight by their fire. You have my assurance; no harm will come to them. You, however, are free to come in as you wish, but only to this room. I cannot guarantee your safety if you break any of these rules I have laid out for you.
“When a decision has been reached, I will send for you.”
The vampire started up the stairs once more.
“Wait…” Jacques blurted out. “I didn’t get your name.”
The vampire was now at the top of the stairs. He turned to him, just as he had when Jacques first saw him. He displayed the same smile as well. “Oh, where are my manners? You are free to call me Harlan.”
Harlan. Jacques would remember that name. He bent down to pick up his sword and heard a loud bang. He looked up, and the vampire was gone. He then heard a loud creaking noise. He looked behind him, and the door Jacques had come through was once again open.
Jacques knew it was time to get back to his men.


Chapter 3
Jacques was glad to be outside once more. While the air was warm and stale, its smell of death was mild in comparison. The open world before him felt welcoming, though he wondered if that was due to the freedom to run in any direction, as he felt the inclination to do.
As he moved from the entryway, the door shut immediately behind him. Not so much a slam, but a sound of wood scraping stone.
His mind went to his men, as he realized that didn’t want to linger here any longer than he needed to. He began walking briskly, not wanting to run. He feared that running might put his men on alert and send the wrong message to anyone else watching.
He wanted to get to his men quickly. He was a bit concerned his men had left and went to the village, as he was unsure how long he had been inside. Given Harlan’s response to that suggestion, he didn’t want to find out what these vampires would do.
He soon had them in sight, to his relief. They were right where he last left them. Despite standing in place, they kept their focus on their surroundings, constantly moving their heads. Jacques had ordered them not be on guard, but here they were, doing it anyways.
The curse of being a Hunter, Jacques thought.
Jacques wasn’t upset that his men were on the lookout, despite them disobeying his orders. He again reminded himself that if he were in that situation, he might be doing the same.
It was David who noticed him first, followed by the others a moment later. Jacques slowed his stride to a normal pace. They said nothing, nor did they move from their positions.
Jacques immediately noticed the candle. It was still burning, but was only a quarter closer to the nail than when it was first lit. He figured his time in the keep would take longer, and was a bit surprised it went by so quickly, though to him it felt like hours had passed.
All of them were standing in the dirt with the horses facing away from the keep. Likely done in case they needed a fast getaway. The land around them was mostly barren, with a lot of dead grass and only small patches of green here and there. Off in the distance, one could overlook the village and all the green surrounding it. Even in the dark, Jacques noted farms and animals roaming around.
Jacques turned his attention to the keep and saw a box sitting against the stone building. He noted to himself that this was likely the wood Harlan had offered to him and his men.
Jacques turned his attention to his men. Only Janusz and Savio returned his gaze, waiting for him to tell them what was going on.
“We are to stay for the night,” Jacques stated.
Both Janusz and Savio’s eyes lit up.
“I will get our things together. Do they have a room big enough for all of us?” Janusz asked.
Jacques hesitated. “We’re not staying in the keep.”
“Oh, are we going to the village, then?” Savio inquired.
Jacques was silent in response. His men were as tough as they came. Most of their time as Hunters was spent sleeping under the stars. Never did they complained. Once initiated, Templar Knights and Hunters took a vow of poverty. However, Jacques knew that they needed a bed and a warm place to sleep once in a while, and several weeks without was a long time to ask of anyone.
Their journey from France to Poland did allow them to visit Jacques’s family for a night. Not long enough to relax, but enough that they could trade horses and sleep comfortably. They would likely return to his family’s village on their return trip, but even then, it wasn’t enough time to unload their burdens.
“We’ve been asked to remain out here for the night. We will make our camp here, and wait for their command to be seen again,” Jacques stated.
Both Janusz and Savio went from joyful to serious. They did their best not to show their disappointment, but Jacques could see their bodies become more stiff. He knew they had hoped to spend the night in the keep. There was nothing he could do but be the bearer of bad news.
“Here is a good place to be anyways. I can easily keep guard,” David interjected.
“That won’t be necessary. We have been guaranteed our safety tonight. No harm will come to us,” Jacques added.
David turned towards Jacques. David wasn’t one for talking unless absolutely necessary, but could have full conversations with his eyes. His eyes told Jacques everything he needed to know. The men always had someone on duty each night, and tonight was David’s turn. To not keep watch was a foreign concept. Even in the comforts of their cottage in Avignon, there was always someone watching over them.
Jacques was unsure what to tell them. He could try to reason with them, help them see that this was a chance to have a relaxing night. Everyone needed to get some rest, as there was no telling what the next day would bring them.
Perhaps tomorrow Harlan would agree to help them, and they can get the nice warm bed and a hot meal, or they are denied and must travel back home. Jacques really hoped the former would be the outcome, but feared it would be the latter. No matter the outcome, both option required them to be at their best, and Jacques knew he’d rather have a few hours of sleep than none at all.
The best thing Jacques could do was keep them busy. “Savio, tend to the horses. Find them a patch of green. Also check for any remaining food we might have in the saddle bags. David, there is some wood in the box over there.” Jacques pointed towards the box. “Grab a few pieces for a fire.
“Janusz, collect some dry grass to start a fire.”
Everyone started moving. Jacques began to clear a place for a fire. The location seemed quite suitable for their stay tonight, with a nice flat area and large stones that appeared to form some sort of crude circle. It was an ideal place as any for sleeping under the stars, better than hard ground for a bed or tree bark digging into your body as you leaned back.
Jacques saw Savio pull the horses to various spots where there was grass to eat. He put each horse in its own place, which required keeping them at great distances from each other. It wasn’t ideal if they needed to leave in a hurry, but Harlan had assured their safety. They might as well make sure the horses were well taken care of tonight.
Janusz was the first back with handfuls of grass, but David was soon behind him with a couple of pieces of wood. David laid the wood in a pile for what would be a fire pit. He immediately constructed a tower of wood, with the larger pieces on the outside and the smaller pieces, with chips and twigs, on the inside. He built this four layers high. Once David was done, Janusz piled the grass on top of the wooden tower.
Janusz grabbed the candle he had lit when Jacques had handed it to him before, and poked a blade of grass into the flame. In no time, the grass had caught fire.
“Put that out,” Jacques demanded.
Janusz looked up, confused. He did what he was told and put out the piece of dead grass.
“The candle too,” Jacques ordered.
“You told me to make a fire. I’m just following orders,” Janusz remarked.
“You are. But I’d rather you use your book to start the fire, not the candle.”
Janusz blew out the candle, harder than was necessary. He set the candle on the ground next to the pile of wood. He walked away in the direction of his horse. While he was gone, David gathered some stones and placed them around the stack of wood.
By this time, Savio had returned. Jacques noted his hands were empty.
“I looked in each of the saddle bags… there is no food left,” Savio stated.
This wouldn’t be the first time they went without food while traveling. Food could only last so long, and no amount of rationing could change that. At the very least, they would have a fire and some level of comfort.
“Very well. Find a spot and get comfortable,” Jacques ordered.
Both Savio and David found a place to sit. All three of them began to slip off their red tunics and their cuir bouilli and lay it next to them. They then untied their belts and cervellires and put them next to their armor, revealing their clothing underneath. It was important that their armor was easy to slip on and off, as they needed to be ready for anything. It was this reason they wore leather rather than metal.
Janusz returned with his book in hand. His little book contained a little of everything that was helpful on their travels. Each has their own copy, with handwritten notes about various things, including Bible verses and spells. Janusz began to thumb through the pages. It didn’t take him long to find what he was looking for.
He closed his eyes, and began moving his lips. His face was serene as he was saying something, but only to himself. He would occasionally look at the book as if he was memorizing what it said.
Janusz opened his eyes and focused on the pile of dead grass. He began speaking. “High in sk-sky… the air comes… da-down. Engulfs us all… circles us all. Moisture gone, heat rise… heat will rise. Make a spark, and… and cast the eyes. Push from me, set abound. Grow from light and life the ground.”
Upon saying the last line, Janusz thrust his hand towards the ground, pointing all fingers in the direction of where he intended the flame to start.
Nothing happened.
Janusz looked at Jacques. He was perplexed.
“Check the book again. Did you get those words right?” Jacques asked.
Janusz looked at his book. “Oh, oh, oh… yes. I see now, I did get a few wrong. I think I see where I messed up.”
He didn’t close his eyes this time; he began to recite what he had read.
“High in sky, the air comes down.
Engulfs us all, encircle around.
Moisture gone, heat will rise.
Make a spark and cast the eyes.
Push from me and set abound
Grow from life, and light the ground.”
He did the same action as he did before, again nothing happened.
“Master Jacques, why do I have to do this? It would be so much faster to just do it the conventional way,” Janusz argued.
“What did you do wrong?” Jacques asked.
“I don’t understand the question.”
“You lit the candle with no problem. Yet you can’t do this?”
Janusz looked at the candle. “The candle was smaller, much easier to handle. How about I light the candle again and start the fire that way?”
“No. Janusz, at 26 you are the oldest of all of us. Which, from my understanding, makes you the most powerful. I can do a few spells, but you have at least four years on me. You need to be ready to one day carry out important spells and until such a time, you need to practice. Our lives may depend on it one day.”
“Very well, Master. Except, I just tried, and it didn’t work.”
“What were you thinking about?”
“What do you mean?” Janusz asked.
“When you said the words, what did you think about?”
Janusz turned from Jacques in silence.
He then turned back to Jacques and shrugged. “I guess… nothing, I was just trying to get the words out properly.”
“Janusz, the harder the spell, the more important the words become. It’s not just saying them; you must make the words apart of you. You have to think about them, what they mean, how they relate to each other. Then direct that into a thought; make it a desire of what you want to accomplish. Try again.”
Janusz tried again. He said the words with more confidence. Nothing happened.
“Again,” Jacques ordered.
Janusz did everything the exact same way, though Jacques noted he was taking extra measure to stay focused. The result was the same as before: nothing happened.
“Again,” Jacques insisted.
“Master, it’s not…” Janusz began to complain.
“Again!” Jacques interjected, nearly shouting.
This time Janusz was more forceful in his delivery, closing his eyes and fiercely thrusting his arm down.
This time the grass caught fire. Janusz opened his eyes and noticed the smoke. He looked towards Jacques with excitement all over his face.
“Very good Janusz. From now on, you light the fires each night.”
The excitement turned to a groan.
“Just remember, you did it once, you can do it again. Besides, you’ll get plenty of practice. Might be best to keep that book in your purse.”
The fire began to consume the wood logs below it. Despite magic being used, the spell created an ordinary flame, and so it behaved like one done by hand.
“Janusz, go ahead and sit down. Take off your armor and relax.”
Janusz did as commanded. He found a rock to rest against and stripped down to his undershirt and leggings.
Jacques watched the fire, finding beauty as it consumed the wood. It would take some time to grow, but would last throughout the night with only a few extra pieces added. While the night was rather warm, it was important to light the area, as it made it easier to see anything approaching. Plus, Jacques was quite accustomed to fire, as he found it difficult to sleep without one. He always felt safer with one close by.
Jacques looked up from the flame and noticed the others. Savio was looking at the ground, drawing in the dirt. Janusz was looking up at the stars, and David was looking in every other direction. Jacques knew them well enough, but none of them actually spoke to each other outside of anything related to their mission. Their lives were mostly spent in silence.
Sitting here tonight was quite strange for them. On a typical night for them, there was always something to do. Setting up the camp, eating, discussing what might happen the next day, and guarding the camp. Now, they had nothing to eat, unable to guard their camp, and knew nothing of their mission. So here they sat, practically doing nothing.
Jacques looked over at Janusz. He was the tallest in the group. His beard, like his hair, was light brown, which contrasted with his blue eyes. He was the cheerful one of the group, and often quick with a joke. He was regarded as a father-figure to the men, given that he was a father and the oldest of their group. Due to this, Jacques was honor-bound to offer the role of leader to Janusz. He declined out of respect for Jacques, and Jacques returned that respect by making him second in command.
He then looked over at Savio, who was, by far the youngest and the shortest. While being more talkative than David, he was very shy. He let his long wavy brown hair cover his face, almost like he was hiding behind it. He had dedicated his life to the study of vampires, more so than anyone else Jacques knew, and honing his skills in killing them.
David, compared to the others, was somewhere between their heights, about the same size as Jacques. His skin was a shade of bronze similar to that of the woman he’d encountered in the keep. His broad shoulders were very noticeable; they likely added to his skill as an archer, though his hips seemed narrow in comparison. He was always serious. Jacques was quite sure he’d never seen David smile.
Jacques continued looking at all of them as they just sat there. Even though none of them had slept for over a day, he knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep. Part of that was what he encountered in the keep, but also was the feeling they’ve all had since their arrival here. For Jacques, it felt like a stone pressing on his heart. He knew if he felt it, the others did as well.
The likely reason that none of them could sleep was Jacques’s order for no one to be on guard duty tonight. Any group of warriors traveling, whether a small party to a large army, needed someone to be on watch. More than that, it was demanded by the Templar code that someone watch over the men each night, as a measure of protection and to deter impropriety amongst the men.
Perhaps he could keep one of them awake for the night, just to keep their eye out. While Jacques liked this idea, he feared the vampires might be offended by the lack of trust. He would hate for them to make a decision based on a mistake of his. Even now he felt like he was under their watchful eye. The question then, is how could he ask his men to go to sleep?
An idea struck him: perhaps they need a distraction, something to break the tension. The idea was a bit unorthodox, especially by Templar standards, but it might just be the thing to get them to relax. With that idea, he jumped to his feet and moved quickly to his horse.
As he was approached his horse, he took out his keychain from under his shirt and unlocked his saddle bags. Once opened, he pulled out a stack of papers and then locked his bag. As he walked back towards his men, he put the keychain back under his shirt.
Each paper was folded up and bore the name of one of his members. He handed them out and went back to where he was sitting. They looked at what was handed to them, and then back at Jacques.
“Why are you showing us our mail?” Janusz asked.
“To help pass the time,” Jacques responded.
“This is an old letter; I’ve read it a few times already,” Janusz stated.
“Then read it out loud.”
“But you already know what they say,” Savio stated.
This was true; he did know what each of them said. It was written in the Primitive Rules of the Templar Order, that no member shall receive letters from relatives, though a Master may inspect the letter first and read parts of it to a Knight. Due to them not actually being Templars, as there was no official Order, Jacques felt that some rules could be bent.
Jacques allowed his men to read their letters, but only the ones that he allowed them to have. An outsider wouldn’t understand, but he knew that one letter could emotionally compromise one of his Hunters to be less effective in combat.
“Yes, but everyone else doesn’t know what they say,” Jacques said.
“No offense, Master Jacques, but this is very private. I don’t even like the idea of you reading it,” David grumbled.
“Well then, you have a choice: either you volunteer to do it, or I order you to do it,” Jacques instructed.
The three of them looked away. Jacques could understand, as he wasn’t one for sharing, but they needed to do something, and he wagered there was something to be gained from this.
Jacques opened his letter first. His letter was written in German. Like the rest of his men, Jacques spoke many different languages. He wasn’t sure how well the others understood German, so he translated in the language they all spoke to each other, which was French.
Jacques began to read. “Dear Jakob.”
“Jakob?” Janusz asked.
Jacques realized that none of them knew his birth name. Only one person still called him Jakob and none of his men had met her. The name was otherwise lost to him, as even his own father now called him by his new name.
“Oh, this is a letter from my sister. She still calls me by my birth name. I changed it when I was summoned by the Pope and asked to be a Templar Hunter.”
Janusz nodded.
Jacques started over.
“Dear Jakob,
By the time you read this, you will be back on the road. You were asleep when I came home, and Father said not to disturb you. He mentioned you going to Poland. I wanted to know more, but Father said it wasn’t my business to know.
I can’t believe it’s been over a year since I last saw you. It makes me happy to get your letters. I know you don’t always have time to write. I do however receive a lot of letters from Bertram. He seems to enjoy his duty to the French Army in Paris, but I’m sure it is more that he enjoys the city.
With you gone, Father has insisted that I get married. He constantly harangues me about fulfilling my role that was set before me at birth. I understand it’s our family’s tradition: You become a Hunter to fight vampires while I get married and have children. It is my duty to train my sons in the traditions of our family, so they may one day be Hunters. Except, I don’t want children. I rather be fighting side-by-side with you.
I love Father, but I hate how he pressures me. For a while, it came day after day. Then he let up, and I thought he finally understood. That was until the work started. He’d send me to one of the villages to begin working. I mostly work at the butcher shop, but on occasion I am farming or cleaning animal waste. I think he’s hoping that I will give in to his wishes.
There are days I just want to run away, make my own life. But you asked me to stay, so I stay, at least for now. Sooner or later, Father needs to accept that I am a Hunter. Until such time, I continue this work. Besides, Father taught us being Templar meant putting other’s needs before our own, and I know the village could use the extra labor. If for nothing else, I love seeing the look on his face each day that I continue to do it. So much joy just to spite him.
I still hunt each night. That’s one thing Father allows me to do, though I’d still do it against his wishes. Within the last few months, there have been a lot more suckers roaming about. Because of this, Father has demanded that I take Hans out with me, to help him train as a hunter. Rather obvious of Father, trying to manipulate me this way, but I don’t mind having Hans with me. He reminds me of you at that age. Headstrong and stubborn.
Father told me you’d be back through on your way to Avignon. I hope you do and this time we can see each other. I’d ask you to speak to Father, but we both know that wouldn’t do any good. As stubborn as he is, I’m even more stubborn. However, I’d love to meet your men. See if they really are as good as you say they are. Perhaps they’ll tell me all the mischief you’ve gotten into that you don’t tell me.
I am very proud of what you and Bertram have become, and I love you very much. Father tells me I should pray for you, but I don’t think you need prayer. You both have everything you need.
Stay safe,
Sophie”
Jacques set his letter down. He looked at his men. Janusz seemed to have focused on him as he spoke while Savio looked at the ground. David just looked into the fire.
Janusz was first to speak. “Who’s Hans?”
“My half-brother,” Jacques replied.
“Half?” Janusz asked.
“My mother died during childbirth with my younger sister. My father never officially remarried, but maintains a relationship with Bertram’s mother.”
“So your sister Sophie also hunts?” Savio interjected.
“Oh yes, and quite good at it too. She, Bertram, and I trained together and would go on many overnight hunts. She’s very good to have around.”
Everyone fell silent again. Jacques was happy they were asking questions. He felt a little weird talking about it, but hoped that in learning more about Jacques, they might connect to him a little bit more.
Jacques looked over at Janusz. “Janusz, would you like to go next?”
Janusz sat forward, moving so that the light of the fire reflected on his letter.
“This is a letter from my wife.
Dear Janusz,
I pray things are going well for you. The children and I miss you greatly. We loved your last letter; the children must have asked me to read it a hundred times. They still wonder when you will come home. I’ve tried telling them soon, but now they’re starting to respond with ‘how soon’. It seems they are beginning to catch on that you are really gone.
People in town ask about you. They believe you are traveling, trying to find new suppliers. It’s getting harder to lie to them. I’ve actually stopped going to church. I’ve told everyone that I’m needed at the shop more and more. Not entirely a lie, as business is starting to slow down a lot. Supplies are getting more expensive, and less and less people are buying. I’ve had to change the prices twice this past month, with many complaints.
Your mother came to visit a few weeks ago. She spent time with the children and told them stories of your father and grandfather, and how you’re doing God’s work. Once the children went off to play, she started to look over the books. I never remembered her doing that when you were here. The children love to see her, but when they are not around, she talks down to me like I was a pig in the streets.
She blames me for the bakery losing money. I’ve tried to explain to her about the increase of prices, but all she says is that when you were here, there were no problems. She tells me their shop is making a profit, but I think she’s lying to me.
She has told me that I should close up shop and move in with her and your father, that it would be better if the family were together. I told her the decision was not mine to make, that I would need to get word from you. That seems to have stopped her nagging, but the truth is, this town is my home. I grew up here. I may avoid people, but I think it is a mistake to abandon them. Whatever problems there are now, they won’t last forever. Besides, it’s one thing to deal with your mother on the occasional visit, but living with her… I know she is your mother, and you love her a great deal, but I don’t think I could do it.
Willem may start school soon. The church has an opening. Initially, they said he was too young, even after I explained that I’ve been teaching him how to read and write, but now they seem willing to make an exception, so long as we offer a discount on bread loaves. I figure with everything going on, the church is using our son for their own greed, but it’s hard not to pass up a chance to get him enrolled. There is only so much I can teach him, and while it might be a cut in profits, I think we should do it.
I really wish you would write more often. I spend every night worried that I may never see you again, and I get a letter from you once every few months. I’ve come to accept that a long time without hearing from you is normal, but the children are so delighted to listen to your travels. I know your leader keeps you on the road a lot, but perhaps you can talk to him about letting you come home. In your last letter, you said there were nine of you. I know you are needed for what you are doing, but your family needs you more. I need you more. It’s wrong of me to ask you, I know, but I sincerely love you, and I cannot not bear the thought of losing you.
I know things will get better. I have faith in you. You always make things better.
Love,
Layne
Willem and Lisbet”
Jacques kept his eyes on Janusz the whole time. He could see some tears well up in his eyes, and he stuttered a bit here and there as he read it.
Savio spoke up. “How long ago did you receive that letter?”
Janusz looked up, almost like he didn’t know who asked the question. Looking over at Jacques, he replied, “Two months.”
Jacques did feel a bit guilty. He only got a letter from his sister because they happened to visit his home en route to Darlet. Plus, if they hadn’t made the stop, the horses wouldn’t have been able to go on much farther.
Nearly a year ago, Jacques and Bertram visited each of their homes, enlisting each of them on the order of the Pope. Not just the men here, but the others who were now under Bertram’s command. Each of them gave up their lives to carry out their duty. Once, there were over a hundred families that were tasked with raising boys to be Hunters. Now, only a fraction continued the tradition. Each of them had been raised to carry on the duties their fathers and fathers’ fathers had done before them.
Jacques held no regrets for his decision to do so, but hearing Janusz’s pain burned him to his core. Jacques remembered the Templar didn’t allow men to marry or allowed married men in the Order. Perhaps it was for this reason that the Templar refused married men. Jacques decided that since there was no official Order, and how desperate he was for trained Hunters, he allowed Janusz in the order. He wondered now if he had made the right decision.
It didn’t matter now, what was done was done. He did decide that if there was a way to let his men visit their homes, he would try to do so, but the mission did come first. He really hoped that Harlan’s decision might lead them to resolve this vampire threat quickly. With the vampires dealt with, he could send them all back to their homes.
It was a nice thought, but he also knew that it was wishful thinking that something of this magnitude could be handled so easily. However, Jacques knew that it really wasn’t fair to have visited his own home when the others couldn’t. No matter the logistics of their travels, Jacques would find a way to give them a chance to visit home again, even if for one day.


Chapter 4
David’s head twitched. Jacques could see it from the corner of his eye. He looked over at David. His attention was turned towards the keep. Not to the entrance, but in the direction of where the box of wood was.
“David?” Jacques inquired.
“I hear movement. It’s coming towards us,” David replied.
Jacques then noticed from the corner of his other eye that Janusz was reaching for his sword.
“Janusz, stand down,” Jacques commanded.
Janusz stopped in mid-motion, moving his hands away from his sword.
Jacques could hear the smashing of dead grass. How quick and loud the sound was, he determined there were multiple feet coming their way; doing nothing to hide their approach.
Jacques rose to his feet, hoping to get a better view. At first glance, there was only darkness. Suddenly, he saw fire moving through the air. No, not fire: bright red hair reflecting the light.
It’s her!
It was the woman he’d seen in the keep before meeting Harlan, with a group of men behind her. Much to his relief, she was dressed. Templar Code had rules about interactions with women, namely about not embracing with women. While nudity wasn’t exactly embracing a woman, it was, however, sinful for a Templar to see such a lack of modesty. His relief was not so much for himself, but more for his men.
At the sight of the woman, Janusz and Savio stood. Jacques did the same, though David remained in a sitting position.
The men behind her were carrying a metal shaft. It took Jacques a moment to realize it wasn’t a piece of meat skewered by the shaft, but a whole pig.
The woman walked out into the open, where the light of the fire caressed her. The men of varying heights went directly to the fire and began to hammer poles into the ground on either side. They did so effortlessly, as if the ground was soft mud.
The shaft seemed to have been shoved through the pig’s mouth all the way through to the other end. The men laid the skewered pig on the poles, directly over the flame.
Another man left some knives and plates next to the fire, with a clay pitcher of something. Jacques figured it was an ale, mead, or wine. Once everything was set in place, all the men left the way they had come. Only the woman remained.
“My master offers you a small feast tonight. He regrets that he’s unable to do more, but hopes this will be enough for you,” the woman with fiery hair said.
Janusz and Savio seemed excited, and Jacques could tell they wanted to say something, but it would not be their place to do so. They simply looked at the pig on the fire, watching the heat attack its skin.
“Please tell your Master that we humbly accept his gift and are grateful to receive such an offering,” Jacques proclaimed.
The woman nodded her head and dropped her body a little. She then turned and walked away.
Jacques looked over at the pig and was impressed with how plump it was. He guessed that either all the pigs from the village were as fat… or Harlan actually did give a great gift. Jacques then turned to David. David did not look at the pig. At that moment, Jacques realized something was wrong; something he should have realized sooner.
Jacques moved closer across their encampment to the edge between David and Savio in the direction of the keep. He called out to the woman, “Miss… Miss…”
The woman stopped and turned back towards him. She glanced into his eyes and used her finger to tell him to come closer. He paused for just a moment and noticed how the light painted her. Within the keep was mostly dark, but out here with the roaring fire, there was more color to her. From her red hair to her soft brown eyes. Even her thick lips stood out, lips that seemed to smile a lot. Something about her stood out in his mind as if her beauty was not of this world, a beauty that had never been seen before. Jacques quite enjoyed looking at her, more than he should.
A moment passed, and he realized he was still in place with her inviting him to come closer. He complied with her wishes and moved to stand closer to her. His heart was beating harder as he wondered why they couldn’t speak more in the open. However, he sought to make a request, and he knew he was at her mercy.
“I apologize, I don’t know your name.”
She smiled at him with seductive and confident eyes. “You are free to call me, Mercedes.”
Mercedes!? 
Jacques knew that her name must have a story, realizing she would be of Hispanian decent, except her hair might say otherwise. Then again, redheads can pop-up nearly anywhere throughout Europe, so anything was possible.
“If it is not too much of an imposition, Mercedes, could you take a message back to your master?” Jacques asked.
“It wouldn’t be an imposition at all,” she stated. “What do you need?”
“I was wondering if you could bring back some bread?”
Her thin eyebrows shifted upwards, “Bread?”
“Yes, bread. I only make this request on behalf of one of my members; he’s… unable to partake in your master’s offering. I do not wish to say why, only that it is a very personal reason.”
Her eyebrows returned to normal. She looked over at the fire with the pig, then back at Jacques. “I understand. We didn’t know. I will see what we can do.”
Mercedes gaze returned to his eyes. Her eyes were very inviting, like the singing of Sirens from legend. She then broke contact and turned from him, walking away.
Jacques wondered if she knew what he was talking about. She seemed to, but he hadn’t been this close to a woman other than his sister, or his servant back in Avignon, in a very long time. He never knew how to read women, and so he could never wager what they were thinking.
Jacques turned and went back to the fire.
Upon reaching their encampment, he noted that both Janusz and Savio were inspecting the pig. Both turned their attention to Jacques as he approached, waiting for his order.
“Getting acquainted with the help?” Janusz asked.
He knew Janusz was joking. It was what Janusz did when he was happy.
“Just asking for some bread,” Jacques said coldly.
Janusz just smiled at Jacques before poking the pig again with a knife left by the men from the keep.
“How does it look?” Jacques asked.
“Looks good to eat now. Based on how moist it is to the touch, if I had to guess, they were cooking this for most of the day,” Janusz replied. “Did they know we were coming?”
Jacques himself wondered that as well: a thoroughly cooked pig within an hour’s time? This was a plump pig, but there was no way, short of magic, that such a pig could be prepared in the time since their arrival. He wagered that they were being offered someone else’s meal. Whether it was actually for the four of them, or someone had given up their meal, the best that could be done was to eat it.
“Doubtful,” Jacques stated.
“Well, I don’t know about everyone else, but I’m ready to eat now,” Janusz exclaimed.
Savio chimed-in, “Should we say a prayer first?”
Jacques thought about that for a moment. Ask God to bless food served by demons they swore to hunt in His name? A bit of irony in that.
“No, go ahead and eat. It’s too late in the night for us to ask for His blessing,” Jacques stated.
This was all Janusz needed to hear. He picked up the knives and began cutting into the pig. Rather than feed himself immediately, he began putting bits of meat on a plate. He was masterful in how he cut the pig. Jacques knew Janusz was quite skillful with a blade, both on and off the battlefield.
After getting some meat, Janusz set out the plate for the others. Savio instead went to the pitcher first, removing the lid and let his nose pick-up the aroma. At first he closed his eyes, but quickly opened them again with a big smile on his face.
“That good?” Jacques asked.
“Good would be an understatement. Not sure I’ve ever smelled something so rich,” Savio stated. “My guess, it is well-aged Pinot Grigio, likely grown in the Pavia region. I’m a bit surprised that something so exquisite traveled so far north, much less, how it was able to age so well. This is quite expensive, to say the least.”
Jacques trusted Savio’s assessment of the wine, as he came from a cultured upbringing. Actually, all of them did to some level. The Templar Order had given various families money to start-up businesses or villages, which enabled those families to properly educate their children, who would become Hunters when they became of age. Of all of them, it was Savio who had a greater benefit of wealth than the rest of them. However, when they became Templar Hunters nearly a year ago, they each took a vow of poverty, to never have more than they needed.
Jacques looked at the pitcher. He couldn’t help but wonder: what was Harlan’s game?
Ordinarily, as Templars, they would refuse any extravagant gift. While the pig was something they could accept, the wine was not. However, they were also guests of House Melanthios, asking for their help. Refusing a gift could be seen as an insult. Or, was this a test by Harlan to see what he would do, if he and his men were truly Templar?
So then, were they to drink and eat, or refuse? Jacques wasn’t sure, but if they were meant to enjoy this, then Harlan was very generous. If they weren’t, then were they just to let it sit there? Jacques didn’t know.
Before he could decide, Savio took the jug and lifted it to his mouth. It was a bit heavy for Savio, but he moved quickly to let the liquid pour into his mouth. Jacques couldn’t help but smile as some of the wine spilled on his face.
Guess the decision is made for me.
Once again, Jacques noticed David jerk his head in the corner of his eye. This time he was looking towards Jacques. Jacques turned towards David, realizing his glance was directed at something else. Jacques turned around, now facing where the servants had come before, and watched a man come towards them. He was holding a platter with bread on top. Not just a few pieces, but a whole loaf of bread. The man approached Jacques, handed him the platter, and immediately hurried away.
Jacques turned from him and was now looking at the pig. Seeing all of it, he felt his stomach growl. It had been months since they ate well. While they had stopped off at his farm, they didn’t eat a whole lot. It could be a good month before they could eat this well.
Jacques decided that this was a generous gift, and they were meant to enjoy it, though he knew part of it was that he was starving, and the others had already started. Even if there were a consequence of their indulgence, he wouldn’t deny them this treat tonight. Besides, the smell of pork had filled his nose, and he could taste it in his mouth. The servants here really seemed to know how to cook.
Jacques took the platter over to the fire and set it down next to the plates. He took a knife and sliced into the loaf, cutting off two pieces. He laid the two pieces of bread on the plate of meat Janusz had prepared. He then took the bread and a knife over to David. David took the platter from Jacques and immediately started to cut into it.
For Jacques, bread was too common of a food. It was something he ate a lot. Not out of desire, but out of necessity during their travels. With this big loaf, he was certain he would eat a lot of bread in the days to come. Tonight, he would just eat meat.
He moved back to where the pig was cooking. Up close, he could smell a mixture of olive oil and spices. Jacques was amazed to smell olive oil this far north. Rather than pick off the plate Janusz reserved, he picked up a knife to cut some chunks of meat for himself. He usually paced himself with food, but tonight, he took as much as he could gorge himself on.
With his plate full, he walked to his spot and sat down. He wasted no time. He took the meat and shoved it right in his mouth, nearly swallowing it whole. The juice ran down his chin as he chewed it. He moaned in delight at its delicious flavors, though he might have done so even if it were bland.
After the first mouthful had journeyed into his body, he looked up at his men. David was eating a slice of bread piece-by-piece, ripping it off with his fingers rather than biting it off. David was a conservative eater; likely taking small portions tonight, and saving the rest for their journey back.
It was good to see a smile on Janusz’s face. Jacques realized that this time spent away from society was wearing on them. Not just for the month of traveling, but going village to village, eating porridge at best, or, at worst, whatever they might find in a forest at night. Sometimes even, just stale bread. A smile tonight erased all of that, even if just for this moment.
Savio seemed to be enjoying himself a bit, at least with a little drink in him. Both he and Janusz sat close to each other, passing the pitcher back and forth. After a bit, Janusz looked at Savio and nodded towards David.
Savio got up and offered David the wine.
“No thank you,” David said.
Savio looked at the container and then nodded his head before stepping away.
Jacques had watched the encounter, noting that David likely refused due to religious reasons. An unwritten rule for Hunters was permission to ignore rules laid upon them by their faith, only as needed. Since they were always on the move and were far from any sort of normal life, traditions such as fasting or eating certain foods, on certain days, could be ignored.
Even tonight, Jacques had allowed them to eat without praying. It was up to a master to determine what rules were to be followed. It was important that a master maintained some order, only breaking the rules when their wellbeing might be in question. It was still up to the individual if they wanted to follow traditions despite being given the allowance to break them. David was certainly one to hold out as much as he could. His faith and traditions were important to him, and would refuse wine, despite having nothing else to drink. If only they had been beer instead of wine.
Savio turned from David and walked towards Jacques, giving him the pitcher.
“Thank you, Savio,” Jacques said as he took the pitcher.
The pitcher was about half-full by this point. Jacques tilted his head back and drank about half of that. He wagered that would have been his equal share of it. He noted a crisp flavor, though light in body. It was good enough for relaxing, but not anything to make them drunk. Jacques preferred a more intense flavor of fruit as he drank, but tonight, he would be happy with this.
He handed it back to Savio and waved his hand at him. Savio took another sip of it before walking back to Janusz. Janusz took the pitcher and finished it off. The wine was a nice treat for them, though unnecessary, as the pig was succulent and juicy.
Everyone took their time eating, but they quickly filled themselves up on the pig. Since they often had small meals, it didn’t take them much to get full. Jacques himself only had two helpings of pork. He could have forced himself to eat more, and was tempted, but he would rather have some meat left for tomorrow, in case they needed to travel again.
Each of them had put their plates down next to them and was leaning back against their rock. David was looking off into the distance while Savio was looking up at the stars. Janusz had a bone in hand and was sucking on it while watching the fire. Jacques was pleased to see all of them relaxed, even David.
“How long has it been since we had a good meal?” Janusz asked.
“Too long,” David said bitterly.
The conversation went back to silence once more. Some more time had passed before someone spoke.
“Is it me, or does anyone else feel bloodsuckers closeby?” Janusz asked.
Savio came out of his stupor and shot a look of agreement at Janusz.
“I felt it when we first arrived,” David stated.
“Shouldn’t we be patrolling or something? Perhaps searching for them before they find us?” Savio had panic in his voice.
“I don’t think we need to go searching for them, but it would be best if we kept someone on duty tonight, just to be safe,” David replied.
Jacques couldn’t help but give a heavy sigh in response. “There is no need of that, David; we have been assured of our safety.”
“By whom? Those within the keep?” Janusz quipped. “How do they assure our safety? I don’t see any guards, no patrols… not even a dog.”
“It is not for us to question their methods; they guaranteed our safety, and it would be rude not to accept their assurance. After all, they did offer us a meal,” Jacques advised.
“Oh, don’t get me wrong, I am thankful for the pig, but they are protected by stone, and we are out here, in the open, in Poland, for some unknown reason. Why is that?”
Jacques disliked not being able to tell them. A part of him just wanted to blurt it out, but he was under orders not to.
“It is not for me to say,” Jacques responded.
“Whose is it to say then? The Pope? The one pulling your strings?” Janusz asked as blood filled his face.
Jacques wanted to respond, wanted to yell at Janusz. He knew, however, that would be a mistake.
“Savio,” Jacques said.
Savio looked over at Jacques, “Um… yeah?”
“Read your letter,” Jacques demanded.
“Now?”
“Yes.”
Savio looked at Jacques inquisitively. “I don’t know; it is a letter from my butler, mostly talking about business.”
Janusz, hearing this, turned his focus from Jacques to Savio, “Why would your butler speak of business?”
Savio looked downward from Jacques as he spoke. “When my parents died, I was given control of the family business. We own several boats and a private dock in a few cities. Initially, I had my uncle run things, but he was stealing money and gambling it away. I then had my butler take control of the business, especially now that I’m doing this.”
“I’m sorry Savio, I didn’t know.” Janusz’s voice was very apologetic, as the blood disappeared from his face.
“No, no. Don’t worry about it. It all happened long ago.” Savio’s voice was trailing off, almost to a whisper when he finished.
Janusz and Jacques both sat forward towards Savio as he opened his letter. At first he sat looking at it, saying nothing. His letter was written in Sicilian. As he began to speak to the rest of them, he spoke in French like Janusz and Jacques had done.
Savio started reading aloud:
“Dear Savio,
This will be a short letter, as I am sure you are very busy. I wish I had good news to give you. There is only bad news to be given.
The city has instituted new mandates that ships can only dock if they receive permits from their previous port clearing them. There is talk of a disease going around, killing whole vessels within a matter of days. Unfortunately, these new permits are causing us to send ships away. Whatever cargo they have is lost, but also ships and crews are lost, forbidden to dock. I have sent a week of pay to their families. If I could do more, I would.
Whatever is going on, we are losing money each day. I’ve been advised by investors to sell off the company and take what I can. This is your business, and I work for you, Master.
Local companies are selling assets, many for a low price. While we are hurting financially, I believe our solution is to invest in assets and resources. Until you tell me otherwise, I will buy what we can and take extra measures to ensure safety.
The worst part is, with less supply and higher overhead costs, we’ve had to increase our prices. The Church is very unhappy with this, but as I told them, if we weren’t required to have permits, we could continue giving them a discount. They, like all other traders, want it for a low price without excuses. Even if I can maintain our ships and supply, the customers will be even harder to hold onto.
Since you’ve been gone, I’ve had your place in Milan taken care of by a housekeeper. I know this is your childhood home and has all your books and other belongings. No matter what happens, those will always remain in your keeping.
I want you to know that I will need to dip into your family’s fund so I can continue paying our workers. I know this is what you would want to be done. I am also selling my home and going to move back into your family’s manor in Sicily. I’ve been staying there a lot anyways, so it is not an inconvenience for me.
As I said, no good news to report. I look forward to your next letter. I know that your responsibilities keep you busy, I won’t presume to understand what that entails. Until I hear from you, or I see you, I wish a safe journey.
Dimitrios”
Jacques listened to the letter. Dimitrios showed great respect to Savio, as one would expect a butler to do, but also sounded dispassionate. Having read other letters Savio received, he knew that his butler was the closest thing he had to family outside the group. While Jacques looked after all his men, he kept a more watchful eye on Savio.
The wine and the pork started to catch up to him, and he felt his eyes getting heavier. He looked over at David, who was still alert. The bread didn’t have the same effect on David as the pork had on the rest of them.
“All right, David, your turn,” Jacques said in a hazy voice.
David, who had argued about doing it before, didn’t seem to fuss this time, though he over-exaggerated his movements as he opened up his letter.
“This is written in Hebrew. It’s hard for me to translate word-for-word, so I will need to describe what it is saying.”
Jacques nodded. While he spoke and read a great many languages, Hebrew was a challenge for him. He had to force himself to learn it in order to understand David’s letters. He often got a general idea of what they said, but never a complete understanding.
David moved his lips for a short time, staying silent.
“It’s a letter from my father, writing for my mother. My mother can’t write, but my father is a bailiff, and often writes for the family.
“She is saying a prayer for me. She has her prayers transcribed. She believes if I say the prayer out loud, then they can be properly heard by God. Father has often told her that is not how prayers work, but he still writes them in every letter.”
David continued to read a few more passages silently, again with his lips moving.
“She speaks of my family. My younger brother helping our uncle make belts and shoes. My uncle owns a shop in Tortosa, located in the Kingdom of Aragon. It’s where my family lives. My mother says he’s doing well and may start doing it full time.
“She then goes on to talk about my fiancée. Her family came to visit, and they had dinner with my family. Her family seems excited to plan the wedding. Apparently when I get back, we will get married immediately.”
To Jacques, David was always emotionally disconnected from everything, but couldn’t help noticing him elicit no emotional response when discussing his future wife.
“I didn’t know you were engaged. How did you meet her?” Janusz asked.
David looked up from his letter. “I’ve known her since I was very young. Our parents arranged for us to be married when we became adults.”
Janusz looked down a bit when David mentioned it was an arranged marriage. Many cultures still maintain the tradition of arranged marriages, though Janusz was fortunate that his family was not beholden to that tradition, allowing him to have met and fallen in love with his wife.
“Are you excited about the marriage? She must be a lovely girl.” Jacques figured that Janusz was taking advantage of the moment. David was very private, and likely would not be so agreeable to answer questions again.
“I’m sure she is. I never really knew her. I do what is best for my family.”
Janusz nodded.
Jacques smiled a bit. He too had tried to understand David more, though, as he did, he learned that David was who he expressed himself to be: focused and dispassionate.
David continued, “So they had dinner and talked about the wedding. Mother states that she wore an elegant dress.
“My mother says she is hearing rumors of towns killing Jews. Rumors she’s heard, tell of Jews being charged with bringing diseases and poisoning wells. She hopes that these rumors are just rumors, but fears that Jews are being persecuted for their faith. She states that my father believes that the Christians just need someone to hate, so they go after our people. However, it has been over a decade since any problems arose in Tortosa.
“She ends the letter, hoping I am well, and I am getting enough food. Reminds me to thank God and pray to him when I get time. She doesn’t like that I am doing work for the Pope, but knows that the golems represent a greater threat.”
“Golems?” Savio asked.
David looks up at Savio. “My people refer to vampires as golems. Golems are creatures created from dirt or mud that were initially formed without shape. Some Jewish people believe Adam was originally a golem, and as he approached God, he obtained a piece of God. Vampires are believed to go towards Lilith and become like her.”
“I can say I’ve never heard that,” Savio exclaimed.
“Not a commonly-held belief among the Jewish. Though when you call something a golem, they understand it to be bad.”
David focuses back on his letter. “So, she wishes me well and hopes I will come home soon and start a family. She tells me that my father is securing some land for me. When I get married, I will have my own place.
“She sends me her love.”
David folded up his letter and turned away from the group. Jacques knew this wasn’t done in shame. He wasn’t afraid of expressing himself; he just had nothing to express.
Hearing the letters was nice, and the others seemed to enjoy them. In the year he’d known them, they had always been busy and on the move. This was the first time any of them had talked beyond a few sentences at mealtime or during battle. Even in their cottage in Avignon, little was said that didn’t need to be said.
He looked over at Savio. His eyes were shut, and his breathing slowed. Janusz’s eyes were starting to close.
Jacques looked at the fire. It was dying down. He got on his knees and reached over to the few pieces of wood by the fire. He put the few pieces they had left into the flame. This should keep the fire alive an hour or so.
He moved back to his spot and set his head against the stone. He had thought about getting some more wood to last until morning, but his body didn’t want to move anymore, and he began losing his sight. He reasoned not to get up, that it might be good if the smoke were to dry the pig up, as it would be better for transport.
This would be his last thought, as his eyes closed for the night.


Chapter 5
Jacques woke up. He didn’t open his eyes, but mentally he was awake. Looking at his eyelids, he could tell the sun was out. He didn’t feel the rays of the sun on his face, but there was enough light out to tell it was early morning.
This is not what woke him, though. He was surprised he didn’t wake up sooner, but figured his long journey and large meal caused him to sleep longer than anticipated.
What woke him were footsteps. Soft ones. It wasn’t the sound they made, but the fact they were there. He could tell they were getting closer to him. Whoever this person was, they were light on their feet. Likely not a vampire, unless they had a death wish.
He lay very still, waiting to see what the person behind the steps would do. They crept up closer to him until they were right next to him. He then felt a soft hand caress his face.
“So I guess I’m not dreaming,” he said in a groggy voice.
The hand quickly snapped away from him.
Jacques opened his eyes to see a woman kneeling by him. Her face looked the same, yet her hair was now black. If not for her brown eyes, Jacques would wonder if it was the same person he had seen the other two times.
She smiled upon seeing his eyes. “Was I in your dreams?”
Jacques could guess the answer she wanted, but wouldn’t give it to her. “No, afraid not.”
Her smile seemed to widen. “I guess we’ll have to work on that. Master Harlan wishes to speak to you.”
Jacques closed his eyes and then opened them wide as he let out a moan. He began to move forward with his body. The woman stood up and offered her hand. Jacques saw her hand, but didn’t take it, instead getting to his feet on his own.
Jacques looked at Mercedes. The early morning sun made her enchanting, more beautiful than a midnight fire could ever do. Being this close to her, he realized that she was nearly as tall as Jacques, if not the same size, as he wore boots and she did not.
He looked over at the fire. It was now just ash. A small wind blew past him, and some of the ashes scattered. The pig looked dry to the touch.
The others still had their eyes closed. Janusz and Savio were cradled into a ball on the ground while David was in a relaxed position, almost sitting up.
“All right, everyone, time to get up,” Jacques ordered.
All three sprang to their feet.
“Were they awake the whole night?” Mercedes asked.
“No, just when you approached our camp,” Jacques responded.
All of them, including Jacques, slipped on their armor and tunics, latched their belts, and slapped on their cerveilires on their heads. Within seconds, they looked ready for battle. This was something they did every morning when they woke.
“David, take a horse and scout ahead for us. Go about a kilometer past the village and come back. Savio, get the horses together and start packing the bread. Then help Janusz prepare the pig and put it in our bags.”
All three of them moved immediately.
Jacques turned to Mercedes. “Should I follow you?”
“Oh yes, I am to show you where to go,” Mercedes responded.
“Lead the way.”
The woman turned and began walking towards the front entrance. She lifted her dress as she walked, careful not to let the hem touch the ground. Jacques noticed she was barefoot, but the rough ground didn’t seem to hurt her feet.
She was slow-moving, much the same as she was last night. Jacques was nervous about seeing Harlan again. Part of him wanted to run past Mercedes and meet with the vampire to see what he had to say while the other part of him wanted to find his horse and ride off. His duty as a Templar won out.
Their journey to the entrance didn’t take long. He was about a meter behind her, maintaining his distance. She didn’t wait for him to catch up with her; she immediately lifted the door’s knocker and gave one loud bang. A moment had passed before the door opened. She went in swiftly as he waited a second before moving in after her.
The inside of the keep looked very much the same as the night before. He observed no sunlight coming in, which only made sense.
She took him to the main hall where he had been last night, and he stopped as she moved to the door under the staircase. She disappeared underneath it, coming back a moment later with a confused look on her face.
“Is there something wrong?” she wondered.
He looked at her. “Am I not meeting with Harlan?”
“Oh, yes, I am taking you to him now.”
He moved towards her as she began to walk deeper into the darkness. As he stepped into the hallway, he could barely make anything out. What little light there was, bounced off her dress, making it the only thing he could see.
She eventually stopped and turned back towards Jacques. She extended an open-handed arm towards an open door. He began to slow his pace. He felt his heart beat painfully against his chest with each step he took. He saw the door that she gestured towards, and noted how much darker it was inside than the hallway itself.
He felt betrayed by his heart. Last night, when he first came into the keep, it wanted to fight. Today, it wanted to run away. He forced himself to step into the room.
“Master Jacques, so happy to see you again. Please, please, come have a seat,” Harlan’s voice called out.
Before Jacques was a desk, and behind the desk was a chair. As his eyes adjusted to the room, he could tell the chair faced away from him. The vampire’s voice originated from directly in front of him, yet he couldn’t see Harlan. As he took a few more steps into the room, he saw two chairs on either side of him on his side of the desk. He remained standing, with no desire to sit down.
“Thank you for having me, Master Harlan,” Jacques said.
“Hmmm… not often one of your kind shows one of my kind respect. I guess that is why you are a Master Knight… or is it Grand Master, since there are no other Masters?” Harlan exclaimed, almost like he wasn’t asking a question but stating a fact.
Jacques gave no response.
Jacques continue to look at the chair, displeased Harlan wasn’t looking at him. This worried Jacques, and his worry made his heart scream at him, still saying the same thing as before.
Harlan spoke again; only this time the voice didn’t come from ahead, but from behind Jacques. “I’m sure we are passed formalities. You call me Harlan and I’ll call you Jacques. How does that sound?”
Jacques turned to see Harlan emerge from a dark corner and walk towards the big chair. As Harlan sat down, Jacques heard a popping noise, two popping noises; one on either side of him. He looked to his right and saw a torch come to life. He looked the other direction and noticed another torch.
Harlan looked over at the woman. “Mercedes, I believe you are needed elsewhere.”
Jacques could hear Mercedes feet walking away from this chamber.
Jacques kept his focus on Harlan. He was taught as a boy that eyeing down a predator could be seen as an attack, but Jacques didn’t care. This thing before him had an answer, and whatever his heart might say, his mind was focused on the issue at hand.
“Sleep well last night?” the vampire asked, a small smile on his face.
“Yes,” Jacques said coldly.
“Good. I hope you understand why I couldn’t let you sleep in the keep. Perhaps in the future that will change.”
Jacques remained silent.
“How was the pig? Was it to your… satisfaction?” Harlan inquired.
“The pig was adequate.” Jacques lied.
“Oh, I guess next time we’ll need to try harder.” Harlan smile became a flat line on his face. “I discussed your proposal with the Elders. We have agreed to help you.”
Jacques hadn’t expected that answer and involuntarily let out a heavy sigh of relief. His heart started to calm down. Harlan couldn’t help but let a little smile return.
“I see the news excites you. That’s good to see,” Harlan joshed.
“Sorry, it’s been a long few weeks. That is magnificent we can work something out. How soon before we can get your support?” Jacques asked.
Harlan leaned back. “That’s the thing… before we can move forward, the Elders were very curious about this note you found. The one showing the vampire army wishes to attack us.”
Jacques’s heart started to beat hard again. He gave himself a mental breath before he spoke. “I’m happy to answer any questions you may have about it.”
“I’m sure you are. I even told them that on your behalf. They are, however…” Harlan spoke slowly, enunciating each word. “…wanting to see it for themselves. Since you didn’t bring it with you, we want you to bring it to us. I trust that won’t be a problem?”
“Problem?” Jacques felt his eyes widen. He tried to keep them from doing so, but couldn’t help it. Jacques wondered if the vampire could see through the ruse.
Jacques felt the need to come clean, but feared possible repercussions in doing so. He felt it best to do what he could to get out as quickly as possible.
“No, that won’t be a problem, not one bit, we’ll be happy to deliver that for you,” Jacques said nervously.
“Good. Very good. We’ll await your arrival. Should I have someone escort you out?”
“Escort? No, no, no. That’s fine. I can find the way. I should be off immediately.”
“Of course you should. You know where to find us. Look forward to seeing you again,” Harlan said with a big smile.
Jacques gave Harlan a nod and walked out the door into the hallway. There was no sign of anyone. He turned back the way he came, seeing the main hall. He wanted to rush out. Instead, he walked at his normal pace. The main entrance seemed so far away. Chills ran up his spine and traveled down his arms. 
He kept thinking, how did he get himself into all of this, and why did he persuade the Pope to do this? Why had the Pope insisted on his lying to the Vampire Lord?
Within minutes, he got to the main entrance. As he expected, the door was open. He walked out to an even brighter sky than the one he’d left.
He felt a measure of safety. Still, he wanted to get to his horse as quickly possible. He didn’t run, but rather, he walked fast. He felt like there were eyes on him, but wondered if that was simply paranoia.
He approached his horse and got on immediately. All three of his men were there waiting for him.
“What’s the word?” Janusz asked.
“The word? The word is that we get out of here now. We need to get back to Avignon immediately,” Jacques said quickly.
“Immediately?” Janusz asked. “It’s a month’s journey.”
“I’m aware of that. Less time talking, more time riding. Sun won’t stay up forever.”
“Are we going to your family’s village?” David asked.
“Yes. Yes, we are,” Jacques responded.
“Is everything all right?” Savio questioned.
“Things will be better when we get to Avignon. Now ride.”
Jacques bowed his head to his horse and said the words that needed to be spoken. He said them rather quickly. He didn’t want to spend time making sure the spell worked. He kicked his horse hard and began riding out. Soon the others followed him, as they began to ride towards Avignon.
####


Pubslush Thank You
I want to give a special thank you to those who donated to me on Pubslush. With the help of Pubslush, I was able to raise some money to publish a book. The story will be broken up into five parts, each one released separately. This book is the first of the five, and the only one released for free.
This book is a reflection of the charity given to me. I am disabled and unable to work a full-time job. This is one of the few things I am capable of doing. Of course, doing a high quality book is very expensive. The money raised allowed me to get a professional editor and a professional artist.
I thank all of you who donated your time and money to help me live my dream.


Dedication
While a book needs professional editors and artists to bring it to life, there is a lot of moral support a writer needs to be able bring it all together. These are all the people who have helped me along the way to make this book into something wonderful.
I give thanks to Hannah, who has been a big fan of mine, and is always there to help make my story just a little bit better.
I give thanks to Rachel. She is a rock in my life and won’t let me give less than everything I have to my goals.
I give thanks to Mercedes Carrera. She has given me a lot of encouragement and support, and always there for an intellectual laugh.
I give thanks to Kain Tepes. He knows the importance of seeing your dream come to life and wants to see my dream a reality.
I give thanks to Gwen. Like me, she has difficulties in life, and serves as inspiration. More than that, she gave her time to help me out, to let the world know who I am.
I give thanks to Nicohle. She is like the little sister I never had, and helping her become a better writer has helped me become a better writer.
I give thanks to Ceara. She is as tough as she is sweet, and knows how to say the right thing when it matters most.
I give thanks to Courtney. She has been one of the first supporters of this book, and a constant companion on my journey.
I give thanks to David and Lillie. Your work on the cover is simply amazing. I encourage everyone to check out their site: http://www.dreamkeeperscomic.com/
I give thanks to Danielle. You have a talent for editing and you definitely improved my story tenfold. If you ever need a good editor, I recommend checking out her site: http://www.coffeeandcharacters.com/
Lastly, I give special thanks to GG and HBR, who indirectly supported me during my tough times.


About the Author
Chris has lived most of his life with a strong passion for story, whether in movies or the written form. He dedicates his life to the study of story, always learning how to be better.
In 2012, he suffered a work-related accident that left him permanently disabled. Writing is the only thing he can do as a means of financial support. When he is not writing, he is writing articles on his website, hanging out on twitter, and reading anything he can.
Chris is also known for his Worldbuilding series. It features over 20 articles going over geography, resources, technology, and a variety of other subjects. It also features a map making tutorial for writers who don’t know how to draw.
Website: http://writing.chrisvotey.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/authorvotey
Smashwords Profile: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/madcatprime
Smashwords Interview: https://www.smashwords.com/interview/madcatprime


Also By This Author
Scraping By
Rotier is a simple man. He leads a simple life. He is a space scavenger, and has the opportunity of a lifetime. But when things don’t go as planned and Pirates show up, how willing is Rotier to hold on to his dream?
Terran Psychosis
A man who thinks he is an alien finds himself in a mental institution. He has been visited by many doctors, but none of them were able to help him. The hospital has brought in a specialist to try to get some answers. This specialist is the top of his field and he may be able to unlock the secrets of the patient and be able to answer: Is he an alien, or simply a man seeking attention.
Daygar Legacy #1 - Templar Five
Vampires have ever only been a nuisance. But now, they are spreading a deadly disease killing in the thousands. Five knights set out to stop them, five who stand as the last of the Templar Order. After meeting with an unlikely ally, they must now do the impossible: Capture a vampire alive. (This is the main story continued from the book you are now reading)
Visit my website: http://writing.chrisvotey.com


