
DEAD STONE WAKE

 SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Caz Zyvatkauskas on Smashwords
LIMITED PRINT EDITION available at wordhordpress.ca
ISBN 978-0-9783602-0-7


DEAD STONE WAKE
Copyright © 2007 by C. Zyvatkauskas

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.


I have held the bones of a Neanderthal in my hands. 
It was everything I imagined – fragile in its smallness and
 yet powerful enough to have survived those tens of thousands of years in the earth. 
Had it traveled across miles of ancient landscape in the jaws of wild beast? 
Had it fallen from a rocky precipice?  
Had it tumbled down the side of the mountain in a centuries-long descent, 
a small fragment of skeleton long ago dissolved? 

The only thing I knew for certain was that it was not alone. 
It had not come to its resting place with a purpose
 that was perceptible with just one glance.


This book owes its survival to the care, attention and encouragement of Elizabeth Thompson. Her brilliant editing and emotional support transformed the project from a hopeful idea into a tangible reality. My thanks also to Karen Kingsmill for the time and thought she brought to the work.


to my family and to absent  friends


CHAPTER ONE

You couldn’t see the woolly mammoth for the grass. In midsummer, the grass could easily grow ten hands high, and today, with the wind blowing against them and with the vegetation as cover, the Neanderthals moved assuredly towards their prey. The grass hid them well. Long blades blended into each other like fingers pressed together tightly. The hunters were downwind and could smell mold on the creature’s fur and the fetid swamp water churning in his stomach. There was no herd nearby. Either he was not in the mood for companionship or he simply did not want to compete for soft swamp plants with aggressive youngsters. Either way, the group was excited to see a creature that had long vanished from these parts.
The Neanderthals suspected the senior had probably wandered south after the big earth roar. He might be that old, thought Mawthrag as he noticed the algae growing in matted strands on the mammoth’s underbelly. Mawthrag spent his time crouched in the grass thinking about the story behind how the animal might have arrived. He nudged his friend to point out the algae, but Kuup covered his mouth to indicate there should be no talking. Mawthrag sighed and went back to thinking about how many creatures now found themselves in unfamiliar places after the great earth roar. 
The oldest tribe members told stories about animals from the winter lands. There had been great oxen who clashed their thick horns and broad shoulders with such force that some said they had caused the violent earth roar. There had been bears with long fur and teeth like sharp-toothed cats. There were large rodents who could burrow into the frozen water and a cat that changed colour with the seasons. But no one at this hunt had ever seen any of those creatures. No one had seen the vast expanse of frozen land, felt the freezing snow, or walked on the cold hard waters. Even the old ones of this day only knew of these things through stories passed down to them. They had left behind all the old hunting trails and camps, but they had brought with them everything they needed to start again. They had brought knowledge of how to split wood and how to splice it with stones to make spears. They knew how to hunt, how to track, how to bait, how to kill, and they knew how to carve the meat, skin the carcass and strip the hide. They could move the water where they needed it. They knew how to get food from the plants, from their branches and leaves, and from their roots. Even in the new land, they had been able to search out the beneficial vegetation, and they had found plenty of grass and wood that could awaken into fire. With fire, they seared their mark on the land and made the new territory their home.
The mammoth was not so fortunate. He had to accept what the new land offered. He had to accept its soft earth and rushing water. He had to accept the annoyance of many new creatures – skinny oxen with narrow shoulders and short hair, fast running deer with orange fur, and monkeys, unusual creatures that could climb trees and smelled like pack dogs and Neanderthals. They were definitely not animals from the north. They had harsh voices that stabbed and scratched at the air. It was unpleasant to be near them, but the mammoth had learned this much from them – when they screamed, it meant predators were coming. 
The new predators posed a problem for him. Not so much the cats, or even the packs of scavenger dogs – but the things that lived in the water, the hairless things that came when the waters became warm – those were dangerous. With weight and bulk on his side, he was not so concerned about being dragged under, as he had seen happen to many smaller creatures, but to lose a leg in an attack would be disastrous. But today the water was cool, and the pond was far from the river. This mammoth was content.
There were no monkeys calling out danger, no smells of the cat or the bear. Only a few birds could be heard calling to each other, almost absently-mindedly, over long distances. Their solitary songs were interspersed with the sound of the swaying grasses as they rubbed against each other in the breeze. His mind was absorbed in the effort of chewing with his old, worn teeth. Every now and then, he ground over a broken tooth, and he moaned. When he moaned, the Neanderthals stopped. With the wind still blowing in their favour, they could smell his rotting teeth. 
There had been a discussion on whether he was worth taking or not, but the discussion was very brief. There was not only their hunger to consider but also the rarity of finding such an extraordinary beast, even if he did not have the most impressive stature. For even in his sagging decrepitude, this animal was many hand-lengths taller than any of the largest creatures they had seen all season. The Neanderthals were compelled to move on the opportunity. 
The hunt leader took advantage of the grass cover to move the tribe closer, the sound of the wind and the birds disguising their brushing against the tall blades. Once they had committed to the attack, the Neanderthals ran in close formation until they were just short of spear-throwing range. There was a quick dividing of duties as the hunt leader tapped his nose and pointed to group members individually, splitting them into two teams. 
Mawthrag was kept in the close group that would strike first. It was less hazardous to belong to the sweep group that would circle round the opposite flank of the animal and attack once he turned on the first group. As they advanced, Mawthrag tried to distinguish each individual smell – his fellow hunters could be singled out by their scents, and as the wind blew towards them, he could alternately smell the Mammoth and then his own brethren. 
The hunters stopped simultaneously. Mawthrag brought his fingers up to his broad nostrils exploring the nostril full of sweat and the scent of a mature willow branch from which his spear was made. He wrapped his tan fingers around the body-length projectile. He looked past the tip of his spear to the blue sky and the few clouds sweeping across it. He noticed how the clouds moved much more slowly than the grass, even though they were blown by the same wind. He wanted to remember. 
Detail was Mawthrag’s concern. After the hunt, he would apply himself to the task of chronicling the event, if it was deemed worthy. He couldn’t tell at the moment whether they would have success. He returned to the immediate smells.
The mammoth had stopped chewing and started listening. The Neanderthals waited. A pair of scavenger birds swooped across the pond and landed opposite the mammoth on a huge outcrop of fallen rock. The beast could see them out of the corner of his eye, and although he knew their appearance might be ominous, his need to fill his cavernous stomach was greater than his need to investigate their arrival. He continued chewing with one eye trained on the scraggly buzzards. The Neanderthals quickly picked up their rhythm again. 
There were six spear-wielding male adults in the hunt pack. The leader, who had motioned for them to fan out for attack, cautioned the youngsters, who were armed with butchering and carving stones, to stay back. Mawthrag gave the young mahogany-haired Zseh-Zseh a friendly punch on her shoulder before taking off with the others. Zseh-Zseh smiled back and waved her razor-sharp stone at him in a gesture of encouragement.
The problematic part was killing the beast before it trampled them to death. The quickest were sent to outflank the mammoth if it took off in the opposite direction. Realistically, this attack would work better with twice the numbers, but three of the best spear throwers were at the camp, nursing babies and preparing a feast fire. A slash-tooth cat had savaged two hunters – one had been eaten by the hungry cat, and the other, now nearly useless, was a worrisome burden back at the fire pit. The hunters were counting heavily on the beast’s age being an advantage in their favour. Every moment that they drew closer the mammoth grew bigger. Mawthrag had seen very few mammoths, and like every Neanderthal, he never failed to be impressed by their awesome size. He gripped his spear firmly.
When the front four were within throwing distance, they raised arms. Within several blinks of an eye, the flankers were on the far side of the beast. They waved their spears. What happened next had a slow, rhythmic, almost dream-like quality. Jim-Jim, the hunt leader, whipped his first spear straight into the mammoth’s throat. While he was pulling the next spear from his back strap, Gork, Muchok and Mawthrag followed close to his mark. Too old to run, the Mammoth let out a huge guttural wail and turned to face his attackers. He coughed up a giant wad of pre-chewed weed. They had missed the jugular. The blood oozed out in a steady stream, but not in the glorious death fountain that every hunhter enjoys seeing. The flanking pair of Kuup and Zhah was now trying to get close to the mammoth, who was slowed down by the swampy mud and weed he had been feeding in. They couldn’t safely get into position on his opposite side unless they waded through the mud and the river estuary. Zhah was afraid of the water, but Kuup powered forward through the mud and water, calling out in an attempt to bring the mammoth’s attention around his way. Zhah followed. The two shouted insults at the old creature to get him to turn his head. 
The language was spare, but the verbal gesturing was enough to make the giant swivel his head around. The moment he exposed his neck, Jim-Jim unleashed again and caught him right in the centre, as his trunk swung up with the momentum of the turn. There it was, the fountain of blood. Kuup and Zhah pelted their spears mightily into his chest as they moved closer to the front. They were mindful of the possible dangers lurking in the river’s estuary as they stormed through it, but they were more concerned about the mammoth following them deep into the water. If the carcass dropped, other, more terrifying creatures, which might be hiding in the shallows, could rip the better part of it away. 
Luck and blood loss were on their side, though, and the mammoth took a few steps back towards the front line attackers, before collapsing on his front legs. Kuup whipped a spear deftly into the belly of the beast, and he collapsed at the back too. 
There was now the audible sound of a huge sucking chest wound, as blood filled the mammoth’s lungs, and air pushed out through the several holes in his chest. Jim-Jim jumped close to the head as it thrashed on the wet green ground. It was only a blink, but to Mawthrag it seemed like an eternity. The Neanderthals watched with anticipation and fascination. 
Jim-Jim threw his last spear directly into the animal’s throat. Gork was fast behind him with his final thrust into the chest. The animal heaved and went still. They stopped again. Was that too easy, they were all thinking. Is there something else wrong with this animal that made him go down so fast? Gork, of course, thought it was all his doing – in his own mind, at least, he was a great hunter. Mawthrag waved to summon the young butchers, while Jim-Jim made sure the beast was truly dead. It was. The sweepers, Kuup and Zhah, came towards their brethren on the front line. They guffawed as they set to work ravaging from the carcass as much meat as they could carry. Mawthrag was assigned to keep away scavengers. 
A corpse this size draws a big crowd. The number of buzzards had increased about tenfold, and as he turned his nose upwind, Mawthrag could smell scavenger dogs. The cautious creatures would likely circle around for a length or two. A length was measured as the amount of time it took the shadow of the giant tree to completely cross the river, two lengths would be double that. The length was a measurement observed during the midseason cycle in the middle of the day. 
Variations would occur if the sun were lower or angled off towards the horizon. The scavenger dogs would take the angle of the sun and the direction of the breeze into consideration when planning their approach. Like a small storm cloud, the pack would undulate, pressing here and there to see what resistance they would meet. However, if the scavenger dogs were storm clouds blown towards the kill, the slash tooth cats were summer lightning. They would wait until the scavenger dogs had driven off the killers, and then they would strike. One huge cat could scatter a pack of dogs, while it took its share of the kill. 
Mawthrag was thinking that if the persistent birds kept up their screaming, every animal on this side of the river would soon be ripping at the carcass.   
The hunters had already started to skin the beast and saw off the tusks, when their support gang arrived. The youngsters were set to work on the soft parts of the body. They grabbed with one hand, pulled the meat, and slashed with their other hand, using a stone knife. Once they had hacked off a piece approximately the size of their head, they would shove it on one of the spears. In this way, the Neanderthal offspring soon had several giant skewers of meat. The small crowd worked diligently, not because they expected a reward, but because speed meant they got away faster, decreasing the likelihood of being eaten by something else. 
The sun was quite high now, and the wind was picking up. In another few lengths of time, the smell of their kill would rise with the midday heat and waft across the landscape. This eventuality was lost on no one.
The midday temperature was lower near the river, but in the absence of shade, the air was still thick and soupy. The one positive effect of the warmth was that it created an extra deterrent for big scavengers, who preferred cooler evening or night hunting. Mawthrag did a couple of paces around the carcass and set to work helping the youngsters. 
Once most of the meat was ready to carry back to camp, Gork and Jim-Jim began arguing about the severed tusks. 
Jim-Jim’s point was that it was more important to use body power to carry meat home, but Gork insisted that the tusks come with them. Gork was adamant that the animal had come to them as an omen, and they should be compelled to take its tusks. As he argued about how the mammoth had probably wandered far from the north, he stroked the enormous ivory. The smooth tusks were curved with the delicacy of a bird’s neck yet they held enormous strength and power. They were undeniably striking but not more so than the need to move quickly. Many of the others were becoming agitated, as Gork spent more time arguing over the tusks than doing his share of the butchering. He eventually took to slashing away at the carcass but would not stop complaining about leaving the ivory behind. Jim-Jim did not want to threaten Gork with violence, but he came close. After some screaming and pushing, the pair was made to calm down, and a compromise was reached – Mawthrag was instructed to study the tusks and portray them in a cave painting. Still largely unimpressed, Gork dragged one of the monster tusks for a few paces to prove it would not inconvenience their mobility in any way. He dropped the heavy weight in anger and bruised his foot giving it a farewell kick. 
Unwilling to re-engage the dominant Jim-Jim in argument, Gork pushed his fist under Mawthrag’s boney chin, insisting that if he did not get the tusks right in the painting, he had better be prepared for the worst. Jim-Jim yelled at the younger Gork, who moved away from the skinny Neanderthal and took up a position near the front of the pack. 
Mawthrag looked around for his friend Kuup. His companion had taken more meat than he could reasonably carry and was trying to balance it on his spear. Mawthrag paused to help redistribute the pieces. 
It seemed like several things were slightly out of balance. Finding the old mammoth was only one. In fact, it seemed that all season they had been spotting animals traveling a little bit off course. The weather had not changed, the water levels were the same, and the plants were unmoved, yet it seemed something was stirring. 
The sensation was not one he could convey in a painting. Even if he could, the painting was supposed to be just a chronicle. The one of the mammoth hunt would show their strength and bravery and would illustrate their desire to take the rewards of their labour with them to the other side.  The mammoth had gone to the other side. Mawthrag would depict the creature’s passage and establish the Neanderthals’ desire to follow him to hunting grounds beyond those they enjoyed today. The painting was a place where they could remember the past and connect it with a life beyond death. 
But it would not be up to him to decide what to depict. He would paint it, but the decision on the content was communal. Now that Gork was old enough to have input into the process, it would be more difficult. 
Mawthrag growled quietly as he mused on that thought. He chewed a bit of mammoth carcass as he walked back through the long grass and sedges with his clan. He was distracted when the youngsters started up a chant: “Hub, hub, maw, maw, hub, hub, maw. Hub, hub, maw, maw, hub, hub, maw.” Mawthrag joined in, “Hub, hub, maw, maw, hub, hub, maw.” He turned around to the youths and called out a variation to them, “Mub, mub, haw, haw, mub, mub, HAW.” They laughed, nodded, and added their voices to his. 
Stealth wasn’t always the best approach, and the loud chanting signalled to would-be attackers that they were many marchers strong. The chanting also lightened the heavy load of meat chunks swinging back and forth on the spears while carriers at either end balanced the skewers. Even Jim-Jim alternately hummed and chanted along, but he kept open a keen eye and ear. 
Sometimes the singing cloaked fear. Kuup was not afraid; he was relieved they had taken the mammoth. Unfortunately he could do little else but hum and grunt, because he lacked a tongue. When he was a small child, a bot fly had laid one its accursed eggs on the tip of his tongue during a lazy nap away from the fire’s smoke screen. The bot fly larva had taken about a month to grow to hatching size. When the mature larva had writhed and wiggled its way towards the surface of his tongue, Kuup’s horrified mother, under poor guidance from some elders, was instructed to cut the infestation out. The stone tools of a Neanderthal were excellent for slicing meat but not great for delicate surgery. After some burning with a charred stick to stop the bleeding, and after months of healing, his mother checked his mouth to find that although the bot fly was gone, so was most of his tongue. One of the few sounds he could manage was something that sounded vaguely like “Kuup.”
No one minded if he added his “Kuups” to the rhythm, with the exception of Gork, who scoffed back mockingly, “Kuup, Kuup, Kuup, Kuup.” With Gork around, there was always an argument in the making, that is, if he wasn’t expending his energies running after or killing live prey. Sometimes the arguments served to keep everyone sharp, but Mawthrag felt that more frequently, they grated on the nerves as loudly as a scavenger dog chewing on a leg bone. Several of the clan jeered at Gork. In an effort to diffuse the resentment he had caused by mimicking the youngster’s chanting, Gork started a chant of his own. “Gork, Gork, Gork, Gork,” went his brilliant song, over and over again. Quite pleased, he repeated it many times. The others continued their own song but walked faster, so they wouldn’t have to listen to the annoying Neanderthal. Gork plodded along, regardless. He was now enthralled with his song. He varied the pace, but not the pitch. He believed that his chant was powering his walking, informing his legs and feet as he stomped along, “Gork, Gork, Gork.” After a length or so of stomping and chanting, he came up with a variation. “Gork-ee,” he cried.
This was a defining moment for Gork. With his variation, he had transformed something from what it was into something completely new. No Neanderthal had done this to his name before. No one had spoken it this way and made it sound different. It was like the call of an animal no one had identified before. He had not just discovered it – he had made it. Gork was excited. No one had ever thought of this before, he convinced himself. He decided to rename himself after his new chant. From now on he would be known as Gorky. So self-absorbed was he, and so deep in self-congratulation, that he stopped fighting with the others. The clan moved faster now, speeding towards their camp with the help of the gathering afternoon breeze. A sense of relief washed over them as they neared their destination. 
The fire was burning. Daya, the elder female, rushed forward to hug Jim-Jim. A nursing baby was suckling at her breast as she embraced him. The small Neanderthal gave out a little “Warp” and clutched her mother more tightly. Daya nodded approvingly as she surveyed the spears crammed with mammoth meat. Without pausing, she began separating the pieces that were to be fire-cooked from the ones that were to be recut into smaller strips, pounded with wild berries, and set out to cook slowly on hot rocks.
The youngsters set at once to cutting, and Mook, a jet-black furry female, organized the berries and cooking spears. The work of the hunt would not be officially over until the last bit of meat was cooked. Everyone knew that you could eat it raw, but not for long after the beast had stopped breathing. Factors such as hot weather or the condition of the killing place could influence the edibility of the catch. For instance, if you took down a giant cat in a mosquito-infested swamp that reeked of rot, and some of the putrid water got into its wounds, that might increase the need to cook it to rid the meat of its bad smell. 
Smell was the primary indicator of when to eat it, when to run from it, when to move towards it, and when to embrace it. As Gork paced round the fire, the others could see that something was brewing in the malcontent. Mawthrag could smell it. It was a combination of an acrid sour smell that filled his nostrils and pained his sinuses, and an anxious smell that he sensed in the pit of his stomach. In both places, his nose and his stomach, he could detect the presence of wasted energy. This was the most difficult energy to deal with. It was like seeing a pack animal wandering on its own. Mawthrag smelled imminent unnecessary conflict. He looked to Jim-Jim, who was keeping one eye on Gork and the other on refashioning his spearheads.
The sun had almost set. Under a cloak of darkness and with the handing out of the first chunks of meat from the fire, Gork began his rant. To the untrained eye, say that of an idle predator who was looking on for amusement, not for a potential kill, the Neanderthal’s appeal was a series of arms flapping, chest punching, grunting, and name-calling. It went, “Gork,” and then, “Gork-ee.” As he circled the fire, stomping and repeating his chant, the rest of the Neanderthals came to understand that he wanted to be known from here on as Gorky and not Gork. Gork was dead, he gestured. Gorky was a great mammoth killer, and here he made special moves towards Mawthrag. A young aggressive mammoth, insisted Gorky. Gorky was the slayer of a young strong mammoth. No one had a problem with the name change, although a debate ensued about the mammoth. The outcome of the argument would determine whether or not the hunt was worthy of being commemorated in a wall painting. Gorky was lobbying for not only a depiction of the brilliant hunt, but also a portrayal of the mammoth as young and virile, because it had inspired him to change his name. In practical terms, Daya pointed out that they would have to spend at least a week at this camp preparing the “mats,”or pounded meat and berries, and probably more repairing spears and cutting tools and gathering plants. She didn’t care how the cave painting went, as long as she had time to harvest and prepare some medicinal leaves. 
Mawthrag had resigned himself to the fact that cave painting as taught to him by his late mother was not an act of the painter on his own. However, creating the impression the group wanted to leave was not the most frustrating element of the painting. The arguing could be easily endured, but it was much more difficult when one pigheaded member controlled the outcome. Gork was like an aggressive bush pig who rammed repeatedly at his opponent. Jim-Jim always had his eyes on Gork.  He was careful, especially now that Gork was a healthy adult male, when and where he fought him. Gork was still carrying energy from his mental effort, and since he was not directly challenging for a leadership role, Jim-Jim backed off from the challenge. No doubt he would wait until “Gorky” had burned off some of his vigour. Gork was known for his haste and not his carefulness. The clan leader would wait until he wavered, and then he would muscle him back into the pack.  
Jim-Jim let Gorky expend his energies arguing about how the mammoth hunt should be depicted. By now, Gorky was in a lather. He paced back and forth towards Mawthrag with his chest out in a challenging posture. Mawthrag responded docilely, indicating that he could depict the mammoth and the hunters with no difficulty. Still, he did not indicate that he would do the mammoth as Gorky had insisted. Jim-Jim broke into the exchange, insisting that no matter how the mammoth was done, the emphasis of the depiction should be on the superiority of Neanderthal hunters. Mawthrag knew that Gorky was thinking more along the lines of a scene depicting him as a central character so he simply kept nodding. The tactic slowed Gorky down. His argument became tiresome. Several Neanderthals had lost interest in the discussion and were absently scratching on the ground with sticks, or picking lice from their hair. Cave painting was not the dominant concern of all. 
Jim-Jim banged his stick and motioned to a place outside the circle. He argued that they must leave before the weather changed. Cave painting was only meant for the time of year before the days got noticeably shorter and colder. It was a luxury of time that should be left to the painter. The others should get back to hunting or making tools. Zhah grunted in approval. Eventually the discussion broke up of its own accord, and the Neanderthals directed their energies to the task of preparing for the next journey.  
There was no direct order on how to depict the hunt other than to make the Neanderthals strong. Gorky gave Mawthrag the sign of a raised fist. Jim-Jim knew that the threat of physical harm could be a strong motivator, but it could also stir up resistance. To ensure that an argument didn’t ensue, he made a formal announcement that they should all get back to the task of repairing spears and resting for the next day. 
Sleepiness had long since taken the younger members of the tribe into slumber. Mawthrag was exhausted too, from the hunt, stuffing his face with mammoth meat, listening to Gorky, and debating with himself about the cave painting. 
Although no longer arguing about the cave painting, Gorky resumed pounding his chest in self-satisfaction over his name creation. However, his early glee at discovering a new name was wearing off, and now he had begun to worry. Having the new thought was like catching a rare fish in a rushing river with your bare hands. The odds of seeing one were extraordinary enough, but to possess the skill, dexterity, and determination to catch it, the will to hold on to it, and the focus to take it from the water without having it squirm from your hands was immensely difficult. Having to come up with another new thought was unbearable. Gorky pounded his chest as if he could resuscitate the old idea and give it new life – “Gork, Gorky, good good think. Good good think.” But the fish had slipped from his hands. 
Mawthrag drifted off to sleep on his patch of ripped-up grass. He loved the smell of fresh grass and made sure that the crushed bits that gave off more scent were directly under his nostrils. In the background, he could hear Gorky’s chant, now sounding a note of defiant self-doubt. 

CHAPTER TWO

Mawthrag’s future with the tribe was tied to the cave paintings. As a youngster, the others interpreted his peculiar gaze as a sign of idiocy. That alone could have been reason enough to kill him. Neither his smell, nor his shape, nor his gait differentiated him much from the others. In fact, nothing in his general bearing warranted the undue caution with which he was treated. But many of his subtle and baffling facial expressions were beyond any animal display the tribe had ever seen. At first, these were merely considered annoying, like the tiny movements of the facial muscles, or the delicate gestures he made when the others were listening attentively. Or the way he could make someone angry just by looking at him or her.
Everyone agreed that something was wrong. Some blamed it on the strangeness of the place, others on the parents, and there were a few who said the spirit of some unknown animal possessed him. No one could name it. Yet no one could say with certainty that he did not belong. Even though he clearly did not fit in, he was not a detriment to the tribe.
Still, those who wanted to lead the pack remained wary. They tested him with various gestures, a flinching of a muscle, a bearing of teeth, a slow crouch. They would wrestle him and beat him – except the success was never complete because he would not avert his eyes.  Even in defeat, he continued to study the victor. Two sets of eyes locked in combat become two sides of one event. When the conqueror wins, he is supposed to defeat this duality and become the sole victor. But this youngster spoiled each encounter. He bowed, he submitted, but looking at his face, they could not say definitively he had been beaten. 
The young Neanderthal had hollow eyes. Deep like a crevasse. It was difficult to know what his intentions were. A Neanderthal could stare at the water till the shadows engulfed him, and he would eventually catch a fish. A Neanderthal could gaze across the plains, and eventually she would spot the herd of antelope emerging from the horizon. But Mawthrag would just stare, and nothing would happen. Sometimes, annoyed by his inactivity, an elder, or an ambitious peer, would smack him on the head. The result was not a defensive reaction, a cessation of the staring, but rather offensive – unblinking, Mawthrag would stare back.  
When an elder died while engaged in a tussle with the youngster, several of the older males demanded his death. The child survived through the defence of his mother. She had considerable status and a large stature, and the support of her sisters and brother. The mother argued that the old Neanderthal had died from choking, not from a curse put on him by a curious youngster. The old one had been warned before, with his broken teeth, that he should take care when eating. Still, the sense that the young Neanderthal with the impenetrable eyes was in some way responsible remained in the group consciousness. It did not have to be discussed. They only had to look at him. He could be taught all the usual behaviours, and he excelled at some, but the general opinion, now left largely unstated, was that this particular child was abnormal.  
To accommodate the annoying wide-eyed Neanderthal, the child was steered towards tasks that required more solitary efforts. Although he proved to be a cooperative and effective pack hunter, he became adept at crafting tools, mixing paints and starting fires. With no surviving brothers or sisters, he had only his mother and his talents to recommend him. A proven provider of offspring, his mother would likely have produced another sibling, if she had not died on a hunting journey.
Without a mother’s close care, the child who was suspected of burrowing into the eyes of others was given more time by himself to develop his solitary skills. By now, Mawthrag had learned to avoid prolonged eye contact with a dominant male, especially one who was posturing in front of the tribe.
There were always competitors for the top position, and one way to keep rivals out of the mix was to minimize them. Mawthrag was minimized. Without strong male kin or dominant females to advocate for him, one of his strongest claims to remain with the tribe was that he could support a contender for leadership. A leader needs supporters. The tribe was small, and even an oddity like Mawthrag was valuable.
And Mawthrag was useful to the tribe. He was also inventive. He adapted the Neanderthal spearheads to penetrate different hides. He found new plants to use as kindling, and he kept the tradition of cave painting alive. 
The cave paintings were important. For Mawthrag, they were his strength and power of heart and mind. His time spent studying the contours of animals and Neanderthal alike served him well when it came to implementing his craft -- the blithe movement of an antelope’s legs, the strength in a bear’s arm, or the stealth in a cat’s crouch. These Mawthrag could manifest with his ability, and they earned him respect. The improvements he made to spearheads and kindling produced immediate results. Hunting was enhanced, as was the group’s ability to make fire. But it was the enhancements he had made to the cave paintings that garnered the most interest. Each character he painted, no matter how similar to the others it seemed was differentiated with a personality.
So alternately shunned and tolerated, Mawthrag grew to adulthood. His future with the tribe was tied to the cave paintings. 
CHAPTER THREE

The worst part of cave painting was getting started. Mawthrag could not begin a chronicle without consulting the tribe. In this case, it was agreed that a likeness should be made of the successful mammoth hunt as a testimony to and a reminder of the Neanderthals’ hunting prowess and skill. 
This affirmation was more than just a chronicle, however. It would link this world to the next, following the dead mammoth to a place where the Neanderthals would themselves go in the fullness of time. It was message to the other world that they were worthy to enter. No one had seen the other world, but evidence of it existed everywhere. They saw it in dreams. They knew it was in the place where winds started and where the sun went at night. It could fill the river with rain or bake it dry. Just as it was important to be able to see your reflection on a still water’s surface it was also important to paint the tribe’s reflection in the cave. The other world would swallow them all at the end of each life, just as it had consumed the mammoth’s spirit.
This was an opportunity to communicate with the other world. It was important to give a favourable impression. Once a Neanderthal died, he or she went to the other world. He could not be seen any more, but he could be remembered, he could come back inside another’s thoughts and appear in another’s dreams. She could give messages, she could tell of good hunting, or she could warn of imminent death. Very occasionally, he or she would tell of the other world. The cave linked the two worlds. It represented a concrete place where both sides could meet.  
The cave painting would also be a message to other Neanderthals of the success and power of their kin. No one had seen another tribe, but should others appear and enter the cave, they would be awestruck, knowing that Mawthrag’s tribe were worthy hunters. They would know to submit to this superior tribe.
 Mawthrag wanted to paint the mammoth it as it was. Gorky had argued strongly that the mammoth should not be depicted as an old decrepit beast but as a vibrant and awesome opponent who could only have been brought down by the superlative skill and strength of the Neanderthal hunters. Jim-Jim had listened to Mawthrag’s plea that they not upset the other world by making false claims but he felt it was most important that the impression of their strength and prowess be shown. What if others happened across the depiction?  He had not gone as far as insisting that the mammoth be as Gorky would have it, but he did agree that the Neanderthals should be on the wall in a dominant way. He reminded Mawthrag that the painting must be completed in a few sunsets. The tribe would soon be leaving for other hunting grounds and they were anxious about what the appearance of the mammoth might have portended in regards to a climate shift.
Cave painting was never simple. But the worst part was over. Once the group council had disbanded, the artist and his assistant were left to their task. In the fresh morning air, Mawthrag and Kuup finished their meal, gathered their tools, and headed to the cave. It wasn’t far from the camp, and as they walked, Mawthrag went over the previous night’s discussion with his companion, gesturing wildly to indicate Gorky’s newfound enthusiasm. Kuup plodded along. When they stopped at the cave Mawthrag’s face showed every concern and worry that he had accumulated over the past day. Kuup studied his expression and started to laugh. Lacking a tongue, he sputtered and gagged as he laughed. Mawthrag laughed too. They each gave the wall a few hearty thumps and held their palms to their respective chests. They could start now. 
Mawthrag returned his palm to the wall. He stroked along its surface, feeling for ebbs and swells in the rock. The inside of the cave was no taller than a full-grown mammoth, and he would not be able to reach the top of his surface without standing on a rock. He selected a nice swell in the surface on which to depict his mammoth. The daylight would assist somewhat, but they would need to use fire to illuminate the painting surface, because the painted section of the cave turned away from the cave mouth. Even with the fire, they would not have enough light to work at night, and the smoke would likely choke them if the wind changed, so they set to work at once.  
Kuup had brought a quantity of wood and kindling into the cave and began making a fire. They had brought with them a small torch, lit from the main fire. They also had a chunk of mammoth fat that they would render to mix with the pigment. The coal and mammoth fat would make an excellent black for outlining the bodies, and the red and yellow ochre could be mixed with water to colour in the shapes. The ochre and coal had been ground down over the past season, and Mawthrag kept them in flaps of leather folded over to make an envelope. 
The Neanderthals were nomadic, but habitual, so he could always count on passing the rocks and minerals that were good for painting, at certain times of the year. Although Daya, the herb-collecting female, often helped grind the pigments, she would not come into the cave when the painting was in progress. She believed the portal between the worlds of the living and the dead opened when they were painting, and so was afraid. Mawthrag and Kuup had some reservations as well, and they frequently went back to the wall to thump it and ensure that it was indeed solid. 
Kuup mixed the black mammoth oil paint on a stone they had chosen for that purpose. Mawthrag laid out the brushes. The pregnant women who were too heavy to go on the hunt had made them for him while back at the camp. A stick was split about a finger’s digit length down from one end. Hair or fur was twirled between their fingers and then put between the split. For fastening the bristles, they used a short length of animal gut wrapped and tied in a knot. Mawthrag was grateful for the women’s efforts but the bristles were too uneven to paint slender lines and had to be trimmed down with a sharp stone. Much of this he had done at the beginning of the summer. He put the finishing touches on all his brushes as he judged the wall’s surface and how he wanted to paint his characters.
They had a couple of hours left before sunset, and Mawthrag applied himself to the task. To quicken the process, he scraped some of the outlines onto the wall with a sharp stone while Kuup prepared the next batch of black. Slowly, the figure of a giant woolly mammoth appeared around the swell in the wall. To make it appear old, Mawthrag could have extended the tusks and bowed the legs a bit, but instead, the wall was telling him to put a different mammoth here. He called up in his mind a mammoth from many seasons ago. It was a male of incredible height and weight. The Neanderthals had underestimated his speed and agility when planning their attack. They had been out of practice hunting the rare mammoths, and their penalty had been the loss of their best female scout. Female Neanderthals, with their better sense of smell, were frequently used as leads or scouts on the hunt. Tusks had smashed the hunter’s ribs, and she died gasping for air, while the rest of the hunters tried to take the mammoth down. Their bravery was all for naught, as their comrade passed to the other world, and the mammoth eluded capture. Mawthrag thought of this scout as he finished the outline.
Good, nodded Kuup. Mawthrag stepped back and smiled. It was good. They both looked at the mouth of the cave and decided to work for half a length longer. Mawthrag indicated this by chopping at the middle of his forearm. Kuup nodded and made one more palette of paint. Two more figures appeared on the wall – Neanderthals with spears raised in straight aim at the mammoth’s heart. Even though in the original hunt, they had tried to take the creature down with attacks to the jugular, the depiction of aiming at the heart showed intent to kill. Content with the work, Mawthrag set his brushes down, and Kuup warmed up some roots and pounded meat over the fire. 
While they were painting, the pair would not be allowed to leave the cave. There was a considerable amount of fear of what might happen by leaving an unfinished picture between this world and the next. Would the cave collapse, would a force beyond the wall destroy the painters, or would the entire tribe be doomed to destruction? No one knew, because no Neanderthal they knew had put it to the test. 
Finishing the painting in a timely manner was just as important for practical reasons. The tribe must move on to the next hunting ground, the weather would change, or the painters would be overcome by smoke if they stayed too long in the cramped conditions. Mawthrag was more afraid of losing his focus on the painting, however. He sat quietly chewing his roots and meat as the sun set and the only light to see by was the small flicker from their fire. They would take turns watching and stoking the fire all night. Mawthrag agreed to take the first shift. He always kept one eye on the wall.
As Kuup snored and rolled in the cave dust, Mawthrag contemplated his creation. True, it was a compromise between reality and peer group pressure, but even so, it captured the essence of what a mammoth was. While it surpassed all living creatures in size, strength, and brute force, it also possessed a remarkable agility. Its trunk was as supple as a tiny grass snake, sensitive to every shudder of grass and tiny vibration. As the smallest movement of a mouse could alert the snake, so could the delicate trunk of mammoth detect the slightest quiver in the air. He had tried to capture this mixture of strength and sensitivity in his painting. Too bad his rendering of it would be hidden in this cave he concluded. He could describe his creation to other Neanderthals, but which of them would really be able to appreciate the simplicity and beauty of each line? The lines in themselves were like the tracks of nimble snakes as they traced the texture of the earth. Those lines could delineate the calf of a leg, they could exaggerate the muscle in an arm throwing a spear, or carve out the shape of a marvelous tusk. 
He sighed and took his mind away from what he wanted to paint and tried to focus on what he was supposed to be painting. He concentrated on the tools he would need to complete the project. Mawthrag began scrutinizing his leather paint pigment-carrying pouches. The coal had been poured out in a pile near the mixing rock. He unfurled the roll of leather and looked at the soft side that faced inside the pouch. In all the creases and folds were traces of coal. He held the skin closer to the fire. The traces of coal formed myriad lines. Although they were random lines that had not been steered by Neanderthal hands, upon close scrutiny, they began to take on form and shape. 
Mawthrag remembered times at sunset when the shadows played tricks with trees and rocks. Occasionally, in the dying light when it was stripped of its definition by colour and detail a small tree could appear to be a large cat reaching into a branch. If a Neanderthal was already anxious about predators such an apparition could make his or her heart pound and set every muscle on alert. The false shadow of a cat in attack stance, even if it was just a construction of tree branches and rocks, was capable of evoking the same sense of alert and fright in a Neanderthal as could a real cat. He also remembered that, at such times, he would remain frozen to the spot, eyes fixed on the cat shadow, while his senses strained to detect other messages. He would listen for the cat’s heavy breathing or for the low growl that it would make if it were rearing to threaten an attack. He would listen for other animals that might be reacting to the cat. He would push his nose out to catch the scent of the animal. Finally, when all he could hear was the brushing of leaves against branches, interspersed with birds singing to one another, and when all he could smell was the scent of cedar and grass wafting through the air, he would refocus on the cat shadow, at last able to see the outline of a tree. With this recognition came an immediate physical result. The Neanderthal’s muscles relaxed and his heart stopped pounding. 
Now, sitting protected in the cave by the fire, he had a similar sensation. His mind and body were suddenly alert to the possibility of what the lines he was looking at represented. It was not as if he was seeing living creatures in the lines of coal that filled the creases of leather, but he was most definitely seeing the shapes or shadows of living things. Where two vertical lines crossed a horizontal line, he saw a deer. Where four horizontal lines of decreasing size crossed a vertical one, he saw a tree. Where one long line ended in a point, he saw a spear. The excitement he felt was not just at the discovery of seeing the representation of creatures he recognized from his environment, it was the possibility of what these shapes could do.
Just as the whole cat is not necessary to create the impression of a cat, these lines could have the same effect. The lines on the unfolded leather were as simple and evocative as the outlines created by sunset shadows. 
And just as the shape of an animal footprint invokes the size and nature of its maker to every Neanderthal who stops to study it, so too each of these line groups could reveal information to Neanderthals who saw them. Mawthrag realized that the lines could be used like a footprint. All Neanderthal hunters could name the owner of a particular print. In this case, the lines he was looking at could be recreated to evoke the same information as a footprint. 
They could also leave the cave. Unlike the wall paintings that were complex and needed time to make, the lines were simple and easy to make. They were the shadows of the things they represented, and they could be created by a simple brush stroke. These lines did not need to adhere to the ground like a footprint or stick to a wall like a cave painting. They would not need a complete cave painting to put them into context. The lines that Mawthrag was looking at could be made on a skin, taken out of the cave, and carried over grasslands and forests, over marshes, and through windstorms. They would be shadows to last beyond the sunset. 
Mawthrag was suddenly more alert than ever. Each hair on his head was bristling. The energy usually only associated with hunting or other near-death experiences surged through his brain and body. This was more than the wonder a Neanderthal felt at watching a lightning bolt crack open a tree. This was the ability to catch that lightning bolt and put it in a hunting pouch. It meant that a Neanderthal could carry that lightning over many lengths of time and leave it for another Neanderthal to experience. With every pulse in his veins, the thought took shape – with every breath, he could see it more clearly.
He looked at the wall painting and back at his leather with the coal lines. Just as the wall painting was the portal to the other world, this leather could be the portal for the cave painting to the outside cave world. Just as the mammoth on the wall was not an exact replica of a real mammoth, only a representation, so could the coal markings be a representation. Just as the cave painting was a reduction of detail that still gave an effective representation of a thing or event, so the lines Mawthrag envisioned would reduce the detail of a thing and yet still reveal its essence. Each line or grouping of lines represented a thing and each thing had a sound or mark in Neanderthal language. 
Mawthrag wasted no time. He started painting with his smallest brush on the skin. He kept the lines that he saw first as they were, simply darkening them with his brush. Dumping the yellow ochre out of its pouch, he flattened out the skin sack so that he could start with fresh with new line groups. He made three line groups. One for a man with an erect spine, two angled legs, and a small stick penis, and one for a woman with an erect spine, two legs, and a circle for a womb, and one for a mammoth which had four legs and two tusks joined by a horizontal spine. 
He held them up to his wall creation. It was becoming increasingly difficult to see. The fire! In his obsession with the images, he had forgotten to stoke it. There were just enough embers to light some dry kindling. His panicked movements woke Kuup from his slumber. 
Kuup immediately pitched in to help get the fire going properly again. He merely assumed Mawthrag had gone to sleep. When they had recovered from their panic, they sipped water from the gourd and laughed in relief.
Mawthrag didn’t waste any time. He started explaining his complex idea to Kuup. He patted the mammoth picture on the wall, he showed Kuup the depiction on the skin, and then he said, “Mammoth.” He turned Kuup away from the wall. He showed him the skin again and said, “Mammoth.” Kuup looked pensively at the black lines on the skin. Mawthrag folded back the depiction of man and said, “Man.” With that, he turned Kuup around to face the cave wall, and he patted the picture of the spear-throwing men. He called out “Man” again. Kuup started to nod slowly. Mawthrag took the red ochre envelope and dumped the filings out onto a rock. He took his brush and made the line group for man in black on the leather. He showed it to Kuup and repeated, “Man.” Kuup motioned for the other piece of leather. He compared the two. 
He understood. Kuup tried to say “man” as he would have years ago, before the loss of his tongue. All that came out were gnarled growls. Mawthrag sighed. The one who understood the power of his new creation could not speak it. Kuup was beginning to realize what was happening, and he brought both of his hands over his mouth as if to try slapping his tongue into action. He could understand, but he could not convey his understanding by repeating the word. 
Mawthrag thought quickly now, not wanting disappointment to overwhelm the two of them. He dumped out some more of the pigment and handed Kuup a freshly dipped brush and the leather canvas. “Man,” he told him and motioned on his hand as if to paint on it. “Man,” he repeated and kept motioning. He pointed to the two painted versions of his representation. He knew Kuup could paint because he always pitched in when it came to filling in the details on the cave painting. Mawthrag nodded and motioned again. Kuup slowly scrutinized the leather depictions and then copied the simple lines onto his leather. He handed it back to Mawthrag. “Man,” Mawthrag read out loud.
They both leapt up and shared a giant hug, while Mawthrag repeated the new line group. Kuup bent down and grabbed one of the leather skins. He put it across his face with the lines facing out and danced back and forth. In this moment, the entire world belonged to them. To create and understand this concept was exciting beyond belief. It was beyond the other world. They had surpassed the power of the sun to create shadows. 
It was a bolt of lightning suddenly illuminating the dark. The energy produced by this strike encouraged more of the same. 
“Man, Man,” called out Mawthrag, clapping and banging on his chest. “Good, good, think, think, lines, good.” Mawthrag clutched Kuup’s head in his hands and squeezed his skull. Kuup stopped as Mawthrag pulled the leather canvas from his face. In the haze of smoke and glowing embers, he reached over to the wall painting and slapped his hand on the drawing of a Neanderthal poised with a spear. He clenched his fist and banged on the mammoth.
“Kill.” Mawthrag picked up the brush once and added two line sketches to the leather canvas. Opposite the man was the line group he had created for mammoth, and in between the two, he fashioned a spear pointing down through a horizontal line. He showed the cloth to Kuup. Kuup recognized the meaning instantly, and he gurgled the answer back to his friend. For a moment Mawthrag’s elation sagged at his friend’s inability to articulate. Kuup responded quickly, devising some actions to show he understood the writing. He banged on his chest and pointed to the man on the canvas. He made a quick motion with his fist downward and pointed to the sign for kill. He slapped at the picture of the mammoth on the wall and gestured to the sign for mammoth on the skin. 
Mawthrag collapsed to the cave floor. To think something new was a marvel in itself – to be understood was exciting beyond belief. And there were no marks he could think of to express his feelings. There would never be a picture for how he felt right now. Knowing this, Mawthrag started to cry. Kuup stopped him abruptly and brought his attention back to the fire. The pair acted quickly to restore the fire back to its life-giving intensity. 
The sun was starting to rise, and the physical evidence of the night’s activity was easy to see. The cave floor was mess of ochre, oil, paint bristles, and leather skins. The incomplete painting loomed large on the wall. Mawthrag remembered his responsibilities. The cave painting must be completed first, before he explored his new discovery. He assessed the damage. There was almost no black left for outlines. The red and yellow ochre piles were still there, but they had been greatly diminished by the ruckus – they were now only small mounds of colour. But Kuup and Mawthrag had now developed an uncanny knack for following each other’s thoughts. Mawthrag motioned to the water, and Kuup began mixing the remaining black pigment. It wouldn’t be as permanent or dark as with the oil, but they could stretch it further. 
The trick was to get the painting finished, not to prove it could last forever. Working in haste, Mawthrag squeezed the life out of each brush and infused the colour onto the wall. The Neanderthal hunters began to emerge from the stone and paint. As quickly as he put their outlines up, Kuup filled in their forms with smudges of ochre, spreading the diluted mixture with his fingers to disseminate any lumps of colour evenly over the stone surface. Not once did they stop to look at the whole picture. 
By midday, they were so hungry they had to stop, and they sat down to chew some roots and cooked meat. As they sat and munched, they surveyed the painting. It was not the best cave painting. Fortunately, most of the effort had been put into the mammoth, before they had run short on paint, and since the depiction of the mammoth had caused the most disputes, Mawthrag assured himself that rendering the beast correctly would calm any wrath. He had done his best to ensure that all the hunters were inscribed on the wall, although a few were outlined in red and not in the customary black. He began developing a reason for this. He would say that the characters outlined in red were the support hunters, including Kuup and himself. He reasoned that this elucidation would be acceptable, and it would form the best part of his explanation of how he created the line language. He would explain how the cave painting inspired him and reason that the lines on the leather canvas were extensions of the painting. No one would accept the story that he spent all night using the paint intended for the glorification of their hunt to create these line pictures. However, they might be more open if he explained that they were part of the same process. 
It occurred to Mawthrag that there might be some arguments about allowing his line drawings to leave the cave. The lines painted on the cave wall were intended to stay in the cave. No one painted on rocks out in the open, and no one hacked off pieces of cave paintings and brought them outside. How would the others feel if these depictions, no matter how modified, left the cave? 
Mawthrag used Kuup as his model. Kuup had found great value in these line sketches. He had enjoyed the game of guessing which lines represented which object or action. He had enjoyed it more than making the cave painting. There was something in the line groups that made them superior to the painting. He thought of Kuup, who clearly felt good for having understood the line group game. He went further, envisioning how Kuup could use them to communicate. His inability to speak would no longer be a problem.
The pair cleaned the cave and had one final meal before collapsing into sleep on the sacred ground. Kuup dreamt that he was able to talk. Mawthrag dreamt that a female mammoth was talking to him, giving him instructions on where to hunt, telling him the mysteries of the mountains, the rivers, the trees, and how life grows inside a female belly. In his dream, he asked questions and noted every detail. He could feel the physical sensation of thinking. His head was a giant cave through which swept winds of images. Night skies passed, and stars skirted the ground, as the talking mammoth faded in and out of the picture. His nerves sensed every movement of the images. He was aware that he must remember everything the mammoth told him. 
When Mawthrag awoke, he couldn’t remember anything the mammoth had said. He could recall with clarity that he had been talking to a mammoth and generally the types of things she was saying, but he could only slap his head in frustration. Mawthrag scrutinized the rendition of the mammoth. Clearly, it was the best feature of their work. He wondered now, as he stared at the form, if his painting had led to the opening of the portal to the dream world. He shoved at the sleeping Kuup. 
The pair worked quickly to pack up their materials, for they were out of food and quite hungry. It would take them several lengths to walk back to the camp where they would lunch, before bringing the tribe back for the unveiling of the painting and the presentation of the line drawings.
Kuup hummed and tapped on his hip as they walked over the rocks and through the woods. Mawthrag walked behind, going over and over how he would make his demonstration effective. As he maneuvered over the rocks and around the trees and shrubs, he grabbed a fistful of leaves from an overhanging branch and slowly sucked the dew from the leaves. He was finding it difficult to concentrate on what, just a sunrise before, had been the simple and natural act of walking. Even as he felt the ground with his feet or the moisture on his palms, he wasn’t associating the touch directly with earth and water. He was trying to imagine how he could render those broader objects into black line representations. Mawthrag was starting to get a headache. 

CHAPTER FOUR

Mawthrag was keenly aware that a minute change of gesture could indicate a huge shift of intent. Varying degrees of dissatisfaction could be displayed through a combination of facial expressions, both subtle and strong. It was a wave of this dissatisfaction, a mixture of confounded and disgusted expressions that stared back at Mawthrag as he surveyed his Neanderthal brothers and sisters standing before his cave painting. He had gone with the idea of presenting the cave painting first, and then explaining the evolution of the line drawings. 
Unfortunately, not using black paint to outline the hunter figures had aroused a subtle shift of interest from most of the tribe. Undoubtedly, the mammoth was a success, as its power and strength were instantly recognizable. However, there was some confusion over who was who on the wall and why some were surrounded in red lines. Gorky spoke up first, waving his fist and insisting that red outlines were intended for the weak and dying. Zseh-Zseh was concerned that these hunters might be marked for death now. No one wanted to be the red-outlined hunters. Mawthrag was completely unprepared for this argument. 
He decided to distract the group from the painting and get to the black line renderings. He focussed his appeal on Daya, who had been impartial, although concerned about the painting. “New, new,” he said over and over, and he motioned for them to sit on the cave floor. As he watched them sit, he saw again in his mind of how the marks had come to him on that very floor. The excitement flooded back. He called upon Kuup. 
The mute Neanderthal crouched in front of the tribe and unfurled a clean piece of leather on the floor. He patted it down softly with his big hands and grunted as he gestured with his hands held out to both sides, palms up, as if to ask what or why. This unusual display had their attention. Slowly, he dipped a brush into dark red ochre and water and drew the lines for the mammoth on the tanned canvas. He held up the strange markings for everyone to see. They returned signals back to him of “what” or “why,” but before they started to grunt in disapproval, he motioned for stillness and rolled the leather back up. He passed it to Mawthrag who had purposefully segregated himself from the crowd, the idea being that everyone except Mawthrag had seen the drawing.
Mawthrag crouched down in front of the tribe just as Kuup had done. He unfurled the skin. “Mammoth,” he read from it. Mammoth! Kuup slapped the cave painting of the mammoth. Without losing momentum, Kuup rushed to the tribe and unfurled one of their first skins. Mawthrag admired it. “Man,” he read, and Kuup slapped his chest and ran back to the wall to slap the detailed depiction of a hunter. Kuup unrolled the skin for deer, and Mawthrag read the mark. 
Mawthrag held up another skin. It had a long vertical stick with three horizontal lines running across it, descending in order, with the greatest length being near the bottom. He brought it closer to the small crowd. A young girl smiled at the game and called out the mark, “Tree.” Mawthrag was beside himself. He hugged the child and repeated, “Yes, yes – tree!” The mother quickly took the rag from the child. “Game,” she called out.
Mawthrag understood in an instant that she thought this was intended as a game and that he was insulting them. Gorky was quick to seize on the moment – he waved his stick around in an angry gesture, indicating that they had been brought here for a silly game and an inferior wall painting. Mawthrag tried to calm the disruption with soft hand gestures. 
If the reaction was disturbing to Mawthrag, it was devastating to Kuup. Here was the vehicle that had given him voice. The black lines. The red lines. He tried to repeat the demonstration by drawing another mark. He rendered a small circle and handed it to Mawthrag. Mawthrag held the skin over his head. “Moon,” he said. This had a brief calming effect. 
Daya stood up and walked over to Mawthrag. She gently took the skin from him and surveyed the circle. She nodded, “Moon.” Although she definitely understood and appreciated what the lines could do, she was reserved and cautious, the way one is when approaching an animal that might be playing dead. The crowd knew this look and this feeling, and she had their undivided attention. Kuup touched his lips and rolled his hands out, suggesting speech. Daya nodded to Kuup but rolled up the skin into a small tube. She walked to the other skins and rolled them all up into small tubes until there was a line of skin tubes on the cave floor.
She walked over to the wall and slapped it with her hand. “This is where the lines belong,” she was saying. Mawthrag shook his head, “No.” 
But Gorky had had enough. He needed to intervene quickly before arguments could be made for any of this inferior line painting on animal skin. One thing he recognized was that this activity of line painting, even if it was only a silly game, was well beyond his comprehension. Therefore, if the other Neanderthals became engaged in a discussion about the demonstration, they would undoubtedly be drawn away from his sphere of influence. He did not have a clue about what had transpired except to know it was outside his grasp. He loathed that. It was a fish he would never catch. He grabbed the rolled up skins and bit them one by one and spat contemptuously. 
In an instant Kuup was at his throat and had the sizable Neanderthal on the floor. Gorky was at his best when brute force was required, and he fought back with a punch and several kicks. He soon had Kuup on his back and was lunging for his throat when Mawthrag jumped at him. They were like a pack of scavenger dogs snarling and wrestling with each other. Jim-Jim, who had remained relatively neutral during the demonstration and the responses, now went into action. He quickly pulled the warriors apart and settled them down with some strong shouts. “The painting stays,” he said by slapping the wall, but the skins would go, he indicated by kicking them. 
The children were completely befuddled – they wanted more of the game but not the intense fighting. They started to leave the cave. Kuup tried to appeal to them by rushing forward and grabbing one by the shoulder. The mother responded by punching him, and another fight broke out. Jim-Jim clawed through the pack and separated the combatants. Zseh-Zseh pitched in by holding back the enflamed Gorky.
Jim-Jim knew as well as Mawthrag did that this new black line painting was powerful. For the moment, though, it was not worth understanding at the expense of all the fighting. While there was still a brief moment left to make a quiet appeal, Mawthrag pleaded with Daya and Jim-Jim, humbling himself on his knees. But Gorky kept up the intensity. He snarled and banged his chest, repeating his one creative thought – his new name. Unfortunately, it was too late for poor Kuup. He was exasperated. In a paroxysm of despair, he writhed on the ground and banged with his fist. With spit dripping from his mouth as he tried ineffectually to speak, he looked like an animal gone mad. 
Jim-Jim motioned for everyone to leave. Tired and confused by the exchange, most were glad to exit. Once Gorky was let go, however, he rushed over to Kuup and gave him a swift kick in the gut. Mawthrag charged him with a sharp stone and smashed at the side of his head. Blood sprang forth immediately. It streamed onto the cave wall and covered the painted hunters in a shower of blood. That’s where the battle would end, decided Jim-Jim. He hauled the stricken Gorky up by the shoulders and pushed him out of the cave. 
To Mawthrag and Kuup, he pointed at their disgrace on the wall and motioned across his throat. “Finished,” he said. Kuup did not listen. He was rocking back and forth on his haunches slapping his mouth. Mawthrag stood by his friend and watched as Jim-Jim followed the tribe from the cave. 
They were banished. The rest of the males and able females rolled a few stones in front of the cave, creating a symbolic wall between the two worlds. The gesture was enhanced by shouts and screams. As the sound of the departing tribe faded, the two cave painters sat in silence.

CHAPTER FIVE

The moon was full, and the weather still mild enough that the Neanderthals could pass the night in a dark cave without fire. This was their first blessing since being rejected by their extended family. In just two passings of the sun, the pair of Neanderthals had reinvented the world – and in less than one passing, it had turned back on them, fiercely. Kuup collapsed from exhaustion and was soundly asleep in the dust. Mawthrag tried to empty his mind, but even in sleep, the storms raged in his head. 
He dreamt that he had cupped his hands under the clouds, and they were filled with good water to drink. He had never tasted water so rich. He drank and drank. It filled his stomach till it swelled like a mammoth’s. Now his body hurt. He tried to stop drinking.
He put his hands under his arms, but the rain kept falling. It ran over his head and down his cheeks and poured in rivers over his shoulders. The sound of rain banged in his head like stones thrown against a cave wall. He ran but he could not escape the rain. Exhausted, he knelt down on the damp ground: his knees and shins flush with the earth, and his palms resting on top. A thunderbolt struck him straight through, from head to toe.
Mawthrag woke up panting. His legs had fallen asleep, and Kuup was drooling on his hands. He rubbed his palms in the dry dust and rolled over to try to sleep once more.
When morning came, both Neanderthals had recovered somewhat. Basic needs erased some of the anguish suffered the previous day. They both had to urinate, drink, and eat. The rocks at the mouth of the cave proved to be no major barrier, even though heaving every rock aside reminded them that they were now in exile. The rest of the tribe had probably begun their migration. Their scent was already fading.
As he put his shoulders and arms into moving the rock pile, Mawthrag recalled an injured deer that was no longer able to keep up with its herd. Under threat of attack from a giant slash-tooth cat, and with Neanderthal hunters waiting in the bushes, the herd had fled in haste, leaving their hobbling kin to fend for himself. The Neanderthal hunters let the cat, who itself was waiting for the rest of the deer to abandon the injured animal, finish off the buck, and then they chased the carnivore off with spears and rocks. At that time, he had only seen the deer as possible dinner, now, in retrospect, he could appreciate its predicament. Like the deer, he and Kuup had been abandoned.
After stuffing themselves with berries and roots collected from the brush, Mawthrag and Kuup decided to head towards the river. Mawthrag was thinking about the diminishing daylight as summer faded fast, and about his new handicap, Kuup. Kuup was not himself anymore. Although more composed than he was during the fracas in the cave, he was definitely despondent and morose. Such a Neanderthal might not make a very reliable companion. Mawthrag also knew that due to the pressures of having to survive on their own, without a tribe of backup hunters, gatherers, medicinal herb collectors, teachers, as well as the enthusiasm of the very young, it was a luxury to spend any time analyzing what had gone wrong with their presentation. They would first have to take care of essentials. 
The long days of summer were coming to an end. While it would be cooler, it would also be dry for many moons to come. Neanderthals, as far as he knew, never stayed in the tall grasslands during this time of year. The land became too dry, and most of the animals would move away. The plants withered, and the animals left, looking for distant grazing grounds. The Neanderthals followed the migrating animals up river to the woodlands. Life would be harder than it was in the grasslands near the river, but it was considered preferable. The woodland was drier in the dark season too, but the plants seemed to retain some of their moisture, and, of course, there were the herds of migratory animals to hunt. What would happen if they stayed here? The summer grass was high, but it was becoming brittle. It would soon bend and break.   
After they drank their fill at the river’s edge, Mawthrag suggested that they go away from the river. This notion piqued Kuup’s interest. What Mawthrag was suggesting was contrary to everything the pair had ever done. Kuup smiled. He made a sign with his hand slashing across his throat, and then he pushed at the side of his head. It meant, “We have been cut off, now let’s get on with it.”  Relieved, Mawthrag hugged his friend and returned the sign.
They agreed on a plan to spend the next few days making spears and collecting portable food, namely fruits, nuts, and roots. Dry tinder for starting fires would be a top priority. In this way, they filled their time. Kuup split stones into spearheads by rhythmically tapping and honing them down into sharp points. Mawthrag moved through the brush, gathering clusters of berries and ferreting out harsh-tasting but nutritious roots. It would be impossible to carry too many supplies with them, but they knew they would no longer have a base camp to return to.
After several days, and loaded with their provisions, they finally left the cave. Before setting into motion their plan to turn away from the river, they decided to wait out a night by the river’s edge, in an effort to catch some meat to take with them. Night hunting was not typically a Neanderthal activity, but killing to eat certainly was. They moved to a flattened-out spot which had obviously seen repeated use. Perhaps the drinkers would come back tonight. The wind was moving away from the river, so they situated themselves in pincer formation on either side of the depression. Many lengths of time passed, with Mawthrag and Kuup unable to see each other on either side of the grassy path to the river. The sound of water rushing over rocks and slapping at the shore was all they could hear. Mawthrag scratched his chin and picked out a louse. He ate the bug. 
While he was absently chewing, a smell wafted through the dry grasses, a heavy musty scent which drifted like smoke towards them. The beast itself was now within earshot. It was a cat, probably a lone slash tooth. It was alone. Heavy paws crushed tiny twigs and plants. Mawthrag and Kuup sat, unable to see each other, but likely thinking in unison, “Do we attempt to take down this awesome creature? Is he too big for us? Will we attract too much attention doing this?”
The answer came quickly for Mawthrag, because he suddenly realized he had a big pouch of berries and dried meat slung over his shoulder, towards which the cat was probably gravitating. Not to mention the tasty proposition of soft Neanderthal flesh. His first thought was to take two spears, one in each hand, and with a threatening whoop, scare the creature off. He felt they were no match for it in a beast-
to-beast fight. The animal was no more than the length of a sapling away from him, however, when a spear came whistling through the grass and tore into its side. 
Instant fury and all the animal’s incredible strength were unleashed in the direction of the arrow. Death energy was in the air. With thunder booming in his chest, Mawthrag broke from his spot and chased the cat as it bounded towards Kuup. Something would die, and it quite likely would be them. His breath beat the grass as he ran. He could see the cat. It had a spear sticking out from its side, and as it lunged, the spear struck the grass. He could see Kuup poised, ready to snap. The cat crouched, about to leap on the Neanderthal, when Kuup lunged forward with his spear. Mawthrag did not have a good target to shoot at, but out of desperation, he let go of his spear, striking the cat behind the shoulder blade. The animal dropped forward. Kuup’s spear snapped as the cat whacked the ground. It wasn’t dead yet, and Mawthrag yelled for Kuup to get out of its way. With every breath, the cat growled and sputtered blood. He thrashed out with his claws, grasping for the Neanderthals, and gnawed at the air with his massive teeth. Kuup grunted for Mawthrag to hand over the remaining spear. 
The three combatants moved their dance of death awkwardly towards the water. The Neanderthals were trying to stay out of the way of the beast, and the badly injured cat was trying to get close enough to kill them. Several times Mawthrag thought he could take a shot, but the big cat was thrashing, and Kuup was making harsh sounds with his tongueless mouth, trying to tell him something. He worked his way around the bleeding cat and palmed Kuup the last spear. Their movements were perfectly synchronized. The slash-tooth reared slightly, and the spear pierced his heart. Down he went. 
His final breaths were audible. Each sound carried the fullness of its life, the blood gurgling like a brook. Mawthrag had never studied an animal’s death so intently. It wasn’t labouring for breath now, it wasn’t struggling, it was resigned to die. All the panic was gone from this formidable opponent, who, but for happenstance, would still be breathing by the river’s edge. Mawthrag listened to the final exhalation. As the cat relaxed into the earth, he concluded that every first breath of life must be an inhalation and every last breath an exhalation.
He tried to share this thought with Kuup, but his friend’s single-mindedness allowed him to respond only with a nod. Kuup pulled the two broken spears from the chest of the carcass and drew a scraping stone from his pouch. Mawthrag pitched in, and as they laid their hands on the carcass, they noticed several broken spear tips sticking out just above the animal’s fur line. No wonder the cat had fallen so quickly. They had not been the first hunters to pierce his skin. The wounds were not very old, and Mawthrag could tell that the cat had probably broken off the ends trying to extract them. It seemed the beast had recently been in the river, because small amounts of riverweed were lodged in and around the other spears. Mawthrag pulled one out, sniffed it, and studied the craftsmanship of the arrowhead. It was superior to anything he had seen. He tried to point this out to Kuup, but the hungry Neanderthal was otherwise engaged.
 Kuup had immediately set to work, cutting into the cat’s solar plexus. He quickly pulled the heart out and sank his teeth into it. Eating raw meat was not an uncommon Neanderthal practice. Mawthrag had seen it done before and had done it himself. However, his stomach churned at Kuup’s enthusiasm, and he had to turn away from the rabid chewing and sucking.
Mawthrag watched. Kuup seemed to be consuming all the frustration he had recently endured – his inability to explain the new language and his new role as outcast. They were forced to linger by the cat as Kuup indulged. Mawthrag knew that this act of indulgence could cost them their own lives, as the scent of death was calling others to partake, large-head cats, wolves, and beast birds. He slapped Kuup on the side of the head and motioned for him to get busy cutting away what they needed.
Like an animal that collects itself after being stunned by a fall from a tree, Kuup returned to the task at hand. They took meat, and a good deal of skin before the first scavenger arrived. Even if they had a host of weapons, it would have been futile to fight for meat they couldn’t carry, let alone consume before it went rotten. 
Anyway, the fresh carcass would be their passport out of trouble. With most of the carnivores in the area concentrated on the remainder of the cat, the two Neanderthals were free to seek refuge.
They headed up the slope away from the river. In a couple of lengths, they reached a rocky outcrop similar to the one that had housed their cave. There was enough shelter to build a fire and sleep with their backs to the rock face. Kuup fell asleep, but Mawthrag stayed awake to cook the meat. He had developed an aversion to raw flesh after watching his friend’s display. Exhausted, he worked with only the thought of getting this task done, “Cook so we can carry this with us tomorrow. Tomorrow we will go beyond our realm. We will need food. We will need water. We will find an estuary of the river up here on the high path. Water always runs down.” With these thoughts running through his head, and the smell of drying blood on his skin, Mawthrag fell asleep.

CHAPTER SIX 

In the morning, the Neanderthals woke to find themselves in the shadow of high cliffs. There was no way they could scale the rock face. There was the odd outcrop, but nothing like a consistent series of roots or rocks that they could use to grapple their way to the top. Branches of low growing bushes dangled over the edge, like gnarled fingers reaching towards them with an offer of help. The offer was a fruitless one.
They stood where a few heaps of rocks that had tumbled over the precipice formed small mounds. None of the mounds was high enough to get them anywhere close to being able to make an ascent. They decided to start walking along the cliff edge away from the summer grasslands. It was a slow progression.
No Neanderthal Mawthrag knew had ever been beyond the high cliffs. But then, only in the past few seasons, had the Neanderthals been this far from the ancestral lands. The band had followed and hunted the deer for many seasons, and it seemed that each season, they arrived in warmer and warmer climates. The deer herd, which could feed a tribe of Neanderthals, had taken them from the lands where it was cool most of the year into new realms. The Neanderthals had enjoyed the hunting in the grasslands, and they had made their mark in several caves. They had seen new creatures, such as the yellow cats who hunted in packs, and the small-headed scavenger dogs who were never seen pursuing or stalking prey, only scaring others away from a kill. 
Mawthrag and Kuup walked in silence over the new terrain of fallen rock and bramble. The landscape had changed, but the world unfolded in a familiar pattern. The sun rose, the moon changed shape, the stars moved in the same formation across the night sky, the high wispy clouds meant the weather was changing, and the dark clouds brought rain. Mawthrag thought about the familiar patterns of his own tribe. 
The two Neanderthals could have trailed their kind into the woodland. Others had been banished before them, and they always came back. There was a cooling-off period, like the cool lengths of time just after a storm. The miscreants would follow behind at a harmless distance and usually made a compensation gift to allow their re-entry into the fold. Once an aggressive female had been sent away and came back with a necklace made of carved wooden beads as a peace offering. Mawthrag and Kuup were not ready for that.
They could also have followed the tribe and remained undetected. There was more than enough space to ensure that they wouldn’t cross paths with the main group. However, neither Kuup nor Mawthrag wanted to return – at least not now. They were not sorry. They felt they had been wronged. 
There was something fresh in the air that morning, something spring-like. They were free from the control and bickering of the greater group. They could start again. Refreshed, the two set out along the foot of the cliff. The sun was climbing up from the horizon, and as it imperceptibly grazed the trees, it changed the leaves from dark green to bright lime.
At mid-morning, Mawthrag called to Kuup. They rested with their backs against the cliff and looked off in the direction of where the others would be going. Finally, Kuup pulled on Mawthrag’s arm to get him to move on, but Mawthrag stared at the horizon. He could not be moved. Kuup followed his friend’s gaze, but could not see anything. He crouched down and waited for his friend to stir.
A bird calling awoke Mawthrag from his trance. The Neanderthals restarted their hike along the cliff. They walked slowly, grazing on the vegetation here and there, hoping to find a passage to the top. Without a tribe of dependents to care and provide for, the Neanderthals moved with the intent of following the rough course they had chosen for themselves. They would find food and water as they needed. It required no special adjustment. It meant only that they would eat when hungry and sleep when tired. They would keep moving. They did not have to stop to paint or make brushes. They had no dependants and no leaders – they simply existed.
As their feet moved beneath them, their hands steadied their position against the rock wall. In an awkward, plodding manner, the Neanderthals moved steadily but slowly forward throughout the day. They passed another night with their backs to the cliff and their eyes on the horizon. The next morning, they started out again in the same direction, without having to consult each other, and more importantly, without despair. 
By midday they reached an enormous tumble of rocks. It appeared that a giant beast had taken a bite out of the cliff and spat the chewed-up rocks back into the hole it had made. These rocks were like the ones they had already encountered along their journey, but rather than sticking out from the ground like teeth set in an earthy jaw, they formed a giant spill down the side of the cliff. The pair would have to scramble up that spill of rocks to get to the top. 
Unlike the weatherworn rocks at the bottom of the cliff, these rocks were as sharp as newly chipped flint. They smelled like newly cut spearheads. It was slow going. The rocks shifted as the Neanderthals put their weight upon them, and several times they fell backwards as the entire pile seemed to shift. Even with spears, brushes, and meat rations tied into compact sacks, they were forced to stop to 
retrieve fallen items and to right stumbling bodies.  It was slow and treacherous going. By nightfall, they had still not reached the top. They had miscalculated the distance and the terrain. They were stuck halfway. 
Mawthrag and Kuup worked together to build a makeshift pit in which they could spend the night. They constructed a dugout of stones, with a ridge of sharp stones piled around the edge. They put their fur cloaks down to insulate them against the cold, hard boulders. It seemed unlikely that any animal would make its way either up or down this hazardous route, but they secured themselves as best they could. With little moonlight to guide them, they balanced a few loose flat rocks around them in the hopes of creating an alarm system. Surely, nothing with hooves or feet would try to scale the rocks, but a snake could easily wind his way through the numerous crevasses. 
The night passed without incident, except for the collapse of one side of their rock wall when Kuup fell asleep and knocked over a support stone. They were bruised and cut but eager to leave their modest shelter. They would save any more resting for when they reached the top. The scramble to the top of the cliff went on much as it had the previous day. Rocks that looked firm had to be checked by applying a bit of pressure before putting the full weight of the body on them. It was difficult to tell when stepping on a rock whether it would cause another underneath to shift, starting a small rockslide. They continued side-by-side, so that falling rocks did not tumble onto the climber below. When one fell, the other retreated to help him get up. They zigzagged up the cliff like a couple of ants. Finally, by midday they reached the top. 
Exhausted, they sat and gazed down at the benign-looking rock slope. Kuup picked up a loose stone and hurled it down the collapsed cliff. When it finally stopped at the end of its trajectory, they waited. There was no tumbling, or sliding, or chain reaction of other rocks tumbling down. Kuup sighed, and Mawthrag nodded. They examined their wounds and headed towards some familiar-looking brambles. The brambles appeared identical to the ones at the bottom of the cliff, only these were much shorter. In between the brambles, they saw some unfamiliar shrubs. They could see that, farther away from the cliff’s edge, these little shrubs had a number of much larger companions. Gingerly stepping between shrubs and stones, they made their way between the larger trees and the smaller brush.
After many lengths of time had passed, they became aware that they were walking on a path. They had encountered animal paths before. Pack animals sometimes left trodden paths where the grass or brush was worn down and occasionally marked with scent. This was different, though. In some places where they would bend down to get at a root they wanted, they noticed that the ground had been disturbed. Not with animal claws and smell, but with tools. Mawthrag shook the dirt from a root that had seen the clean cut of a stone tool. He handed it to Kuup. The tongueless Neanderthal smelled it first and then brushed it gently with his fingers. When most of the grit was gone, he mouthed it with his tongue stump. “Kin,” he grunted with a twisted look.
“Skin man,” was what he meant to say. Mawthrag had heard about skin men from the others. The skin men had hardly any hair. Their hides were dark, and their eyes were black as night. They had abnormal heads, round like the grey apes who sometimes came to the water. But they were small, and a grown Neanderthal supposedly could crush one in his hand, if he could catch one, that is. It was said that the skin men and women could run like deer. They walked on two legs, like a Neanderthal, but as were agile as a small ape. This was the extent of his knowledge about them. It was assumed that they lived much farther away from the river than the Neanderthals. But not that much farther, thought Mawthrag, as he took the root back from Kuup and smelled it.
There was no scent worth catching from the root, especially now that Kuup had palmed it, but the cut marks were interesting. As the pair exchanged glances and considered the possibility of these strange skin people being near, they also felt the absence of their fellow Neanderthals. Wouldn’t it have been a comfort to feel the presence of She-She and Jim-Jim as they contemplated an encounter with a skin man? As an act of bravado and to get their journey back into motion, Kuup grabbed the root from Mawthrag and bit into it. He also indicated with his hands that he could crush whatever they happened across. Following this display, however, he indicated that they should make repairs to their tools, most notably the spears.
Since they were under no pressure to hunt for new meat, the pair decided to walk a bit further until they came to a good sheltered spot where they could rest and patch themselves up. The sun was now past its high point and was grazing the tops of trees on the cliff. Mawthrag and Kuup considered the three categories of animal or creature they might encounter – predators, prey, and untouchable or poisonous creatures that would not eat you but could disable and sometimes kill. Most frequently, the Neanderthals simply coexisted with these animals, who like themselves, were merely looking for food, water, and shelter. Now a real and growing concern existed that they might meet something that could hold a spear to their throats. This something could construct weapons. What else could it do? Would its intentions be any different from the other animals? 
It disturbed the pair. Out there was someone who was possibly sharpening a stone or a spearhead. Some man or woman could be lashing it now to a straight piece of willow. Their experience with the likes of Gorky proved to them that upright walkers could be unpredictable and uncontrollable. 
Looking down at the valley from this vantage point, Mawthrag saw that the high ground gave them a different perspective on the world. Everything below looked smaller. The trees looked farther apart and the grass less dense. Great patches were exposed where animals had eaten or trodden down the vegetation or where the ground was too rocky to support growth. He realized that the skin men and women would always be looking down at the Neanderthal world. Everything in that world would seem small to the skin men. 
This place wasn’t good enough to spend the night, Mawthrag reasoned. They would need to find some kind of cave shelter. Kuup listened to him absently and nodded. Mawthrag, noticing his friend’s lack of focus, stopped to listen. The air was moving very slightly, and they could hear something in the distance. It wasn’t an animal or a tree bending in the wind. It sounded like water. They gathered up their few things quickly and headed towards the sound.
As they drew closer to the sound, they forgot about the skin men and opened their minds to the possibility of finding water up here on the cliff. The air cooled as the sound got louder, and Mawthrag thought of the river. As they rounded a huge rock face, they felt the spray of water on their bodies. Kuup stopped. He held out his arms and wiped them off. He sucked the mist from the back of his hand.
They came upon it quickly – the river raced past them over a hump on the cliff. It streamed by their feet and cascaded down the side of the cliff to the valley below. What they were looking at was a two-tiered waterfall. It was their waterfall. No Neanderthal had ever seen this. No Neanderthal had ever spoken of this. No Neanderthal had ever drunk this raging cliff water as they would do now. 
The pair drank deeply. They dipped their extremities into the water. They were so enraptured by exploring the waterfall that the sun was almost gone before they realized they still had to find a cave for the night. “There it is,” pointed out Kuup. On the other side of the waterfall, Mawthrag saw a cave.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Mawthrag had experienced several different landscapes in his lifetime. There was the riverbank, the marsh, the grassland, the rock walls, and the patches of trees that grew in between. When the tribe migrated to the woodland, the trees grew taller and closer together, forming a combination of grassland and thick forest. The landscape was also changed by the weather, by the season, and, more intensely, by fire and flood. One of the most important distinctions the Neanderthals recognized in a particular landscape was whether or not it had been “touched.”  Being able to distinguish the difference between an untouched corner of the forest and a path worn by ravenous dogs was essential to survival. It was important to know when a cat had marked his territory with scent or how recently it had scratched the bark off a tree, as the slash-tooth felines sometimes did when they were trying to scrape off food particles that were caught on their giant knife-like teeth. There were dangers in both touched and untouched places. In a touched place, the danger was usually recognizable – a particular dominant predator. In an untouched place, the danger could well be one you didn’t know – anything from a poisonous plant to a strange water creature. 
After fording the stream, carefully holding their goods out of the water’s current and stepping from stone to stone, they arrived at the cave mouth. The cave was a touched place – not with animal scat and claw marks, but with the calculated smoothness of tools. Nothing here smelled Neanderthal, and yet the tool marks appeared very much like something they could have made themselves. 
Kuup crouched down to smell the rocks. Mawthrag could smell the rocks from where he was standing. He did not need to get in close. Kuup picked up fists of dirt and smelled them, some from by the tooled rocks, others from near the entrance to the cave. He smelled his own pack and then smelled another fistful of dirt. He scrunched up his nose. In the end, he did not like it, and he motioned for them to take refuge in the forest. 
Mawthrag was not content with the idea of spending the night in the forest, however. He preferred the rocks. The daylight was now almost gone, they were still wet, and Mawthrag argued that they could not smell or hear anything that indicated the inhabitant of the cave was present. Kuup, who had been very aggressive when first detecting the scent of the stranger on the cut root, was now ambivalent. Even so, he did not like the smooth stone with the cut marks in it. He did not like the smell of the stranger steeped in the earth. He did not like the smell of the charred wood emanating from inside the cave, whether it was a few lengths old or many, many moons old. 
Mawthrag was thinking only of getting a fire going. If they controlled the fire, he reasoned to Kuup, they could control any situation that might arise. Kuup took a spearhead and rubbed along one of the grooves in the smooth rock. It was a perfect fit for sharpening. He did not look at Mawthrag. He waited to hear if his friend would change his mind. When there was no response, Kuup merely grabbed his sack and spears and moved slowly into the cave.
It was dark and damp, and the scent of charred wood permeated the air. As they moved slowly in from the mouth, they saw a small and apparently abandoned fire pit. Stones had been placed in a circle around the pit, and Mawthrag bent down to feel their smoothness and to get a sense from the burnt contents when it was last used. He could feel that the charcoal had not become soaked with the damp, yet it carried no heat other than the present air temperature. He grunted to announce their position. Kuup followed suit. When there was no response, they agreed to make a fire here. Kuup went out to gather wood. He preferred the forest anyway. 
Fire is difficult to make, especially in the damp. The cave’s proximity to the river made it plenty damp. Mawthrag was down to their last bit of tinder when the sparks finally took to the broken branches. Kuup had to make several trips outside to collect larger pieces of fuel before they could relax their focus on the fire. Mawthrag skewered a chunk of cooked meat to reheat it over the flames, and Kuup rubbed his legs in an effort to speed up the drying process. Neither looked far beyond the flames. As Mawthrag turned the bits of meat just out of reach from the tongues of fire, he felt a sense of foreboding. He compared his present uneasy feeling with another experience. As he watched the flames dance, he remembered the whole event.
When he was a very young adult, he was charged with taking care of the youngsters as they drank and played at the river’s edge. One little girl loved the water so much that she became a hazard. She was constantly pushing herself farther out into the river, holding her hands out against the current, laughing, and pushing some more. She would shiver and scream when the water rushed over her hands and shoulders. At first Mawthrag was amused with her joy and energy. Then he realized she was in danger of being swept way by the current. Calling her back had no effect, and he had to wade out into the rushing river and bring her back. For several days he did this, dragging her out and shaking his finger in admonishment while she listened intently to the dangers, shaking her head in agreement not to do it again. 
Mawthrag would hug her and talk to her softly about all the other things to play with on the shore; shells, sand, mud, and frogs. He called an older girl over and made her take the little girl to play stone throwing and cutting games. But this amused her only briefly, and she soon returned to the water. One day, Mawthrag was showing a few of the older children how certain stones could be cut down and made into usable tools. It was a slow process, and the noise of several Neanderthals smashing rocks veiled the sound of the little girl giggling gleefully in the river current. Then he heard the scream. It was half laugh and half terror. By the time he was up to his waist in water, the girl was gone – an undercurrent had pulled her completely out of sight. Mawthrag threw his body into the current and tried to follow her. 
Neanderthals were not expert swimmers, not in that great river, and he soon found himself gasping for air back at the shore. He organized the others to scour the shoreline looking for the little girl. They looked all day, but when the sun set, they had to accept that the river had taken her. 
There was something of that little girl’s joyful, questioning spirit in them now, Mawthrag thought. It had led them to the beauty of the magic lines and beyond the old boundaries, and now it had led them to this cave. As he sat and chewed the warm, tough, reheated meat, Mawthrag knew they were in possible danger. He could tell by how his friend was shifting himself about that he had come to the same conclusion about the cave. It was not the best choice to seek refuge. It was a foul place – it had been touched.
Mawthrag had always protected Kuup from tormentors, and yet this time, he had exposed them both to a very dangerous situation. Never would they have thought to camp in a large cat’s lair or a bear’s grotto, so why had they exposed themselves just for the sake of making a small fire?  Did Mawthrag want to encounter this skin man? Surely the smoke from the fire would alert creatures in the area to their presence. 
Despite his present unease, Kuup still trusted Mawthrag. He did not care so much that they had been banished. That would end soon, he believed. Something had made Mawthrag abandon caution. Although Kuup did not understand it, he was bound to follow. 
Mawthrag restoked the fire before they settled down for an uneasy sleep. Their sleep didn’t last long. They were awakened by the sound of something approaching. At night time what could it be – a cat, wolves? Who would come close to a smoking fire? They sat up and gripped their spears. Kuup took a branch and got the edge of the fire burning more intensely. Whatever it was grunted and banged on the wall at the mouth of the cave. Kuup grunted back a hacking reply. They could not identify the smell but from the noise being made, they realized this was a two-legged beast that had, at the very least, a club in his or her hand. The intruder responded with more banging and grunting. They were unfamiliar with the sounds’ meaning but were confident they were being spoken to. Mawthrag replied in Neanderthal. There was a moment’s silence. Each was sizing up the other. Mawthrag had heard only one voice and one set of footsteps. That didn’t mean there weren’t others waiting outside, but it did bode well. Kuup nodded his head to the side, motioning for them to greet the stranger at the door with a burning stick. Mawthrag motioned for him to stay put.
Just when they were about to break into another round of grunting, the stranger started laughing. Now he sounded very much like a Neanderthal. They lowered their arms and listened, ready to leap, as the laughter approached. When the solitary figure appeared at the outer reaches of the dim firelight, the Neanderthals broke into nervous laughter. 
Here was the first skin man they had ever seen. 
He was a full head shorter than either of the Neanderthals and much scrawnier. His skin was dark like the hide of a bush pig, but his face was hairless and this weird feature was made more prominent by the unusually ape-like shape of his skull. They were not very familiar with apes. The only encounter they had with these small, greyish-brown creatures was when they came to the water to drink, and that was a rare event. Mawthrag absently wiped one hand over his brow. The stranger noticed the movement and mirrored it, adding a motion to indicate a ledge on his head where the Neanderthal brow would have been, had he been a Neanderthal. Kuup liked that – he laughed. The stranger looked around and nodded. He tapped the wall with his hand and repeated the motion on his chest. The sounds he made were unintelligible, but the meaning wasn’t lost on them. This was his cave. They were the strangers. Mawthrag and Kuup moved aside and offered the man some meat and a place at the fire as they identified his scent. He took up the offer.
He watched them, smiling and nodding as he chewed. His eyes were as sharp as cut stones. He scanned everything they had set out on the cave floor. At the same time, he watched and noted every move of the Neanderthals. Kuup’s gaze was fixed on the skin man’s smooth hands. They were darker in colour than his, yet they had no hair worth speaking of on them. Mawthrag noticed that he wore an 
animal covering, much like theirs, except that his had been turned inside out, and the tanned hide showing outside was streaked with what looked like red pigment around the collar. The skin man stroked his collar and moved his fingers with the skill of an artist around the stick and the chunks of meat. When he was done eating, he twirled the stick between his fingers and held it poised like a paintbrush. He pointed to the small sack in which the Neanderthals had stored their brushes. He had evidently seen the brushes sticking out one end. Sensing that the two Neanderthals were hesitant to show their wares, he motioned to the back of the cave and picked up a flaming branch. He stood up and urged them to follow.
Mawthrag and Kuup rose slowly and picked up sticks of their own. The cave, which they had not explored, extended quite a bit further back than they had imagined. It bent like a crooked hand, and as they brought their fire sticks close together, they could make out painted marks on the wall. It was too dark to scrutinize them as closely as they would have liked, but a necessary connection had been made. Here was a fellow painter. Mawthrag could make out a deer and perhaps a wild pig. Making a quick assessment, Mawthrag decided that these paintings were inferior to his own. They lacked style and the variant thick and thin outlines that gave each character movement. He couldn’t tell for sure, but he also thought the artist hadn’t bothered to read the surface of the wall very well when placing his characters.
 Regardless, Mawthrag was impressed, and he nodded approvingly. Kuup was more enthusiastic. He articulated with some grunts and a short garbled speech. As he tried to articulate, he banged his chest, pressed his nose close to the wall, took in few deep breaths and then stepped back. Their skin friend nodded and motioned for them to move back to the fire. Kuup got there first – he tripped over his own feet as he reached for the bag containing the rolled-up line markings. 
His intent was obviously to have Mawthrag open and disgorge the contents. Kuup shook the bag, encouraging his friend to commence the demonstration of the Neanderthal’s painting skills. Mawthrag’s blood ran cold. A wave of panic broke in his breast. He did not want to share their idea. He was not only concerned about the skin man but he was worried that Kuup had lost any sense of caution. The one who had been so cautious only a few lengths of time before, was now subservient to this stranger. Mawthrag felt this was a misstep – the unbounded enthusiasm of his friend was a reckless mistake. He was like an eager animal pup who, excited about his surroundings, runs mindlessly into the path of a patient and aggressive predator. Mawthrag checked out the skin man again. He was by far inferior to them in size, and if he made a move, either one of them could crush him. Mawthrag sat quietly. 
As Kuup was shaking the bag, and Mawthrag was about to hold up his hand in friendly refusal, the skin man reached out to grab the sack. Mawthrag instantly intervened. He had been put on the spot, and he did not have a good reason to conceal the line markings. However, if they were to have a demonstration, he wanted to be in charge. Perhaps if they remained outwardly confident, they could ensure that they remained in control of the situation. Mawthrag waved for Kuup to sit down while he took the rolls out of the sack. He placed each roll in front of Kuup and then stepped back. Mawthrag noticed that although the skin man was watching them with the sharpness of an attack bird, he kept an innocent smile painted on his face. Mawthrag stared back and held up his finger. He pointed first to his head, and then to his heart, and then at his friend. The skin man dropped the smile and watched intently. Mawthrag called out, “Deer.” 
Kuup methodically unrolled and rerolled several pieces of leather until he came to the one with the marks for deer on it. He held it out to Mawthrag. Mawthrag took it and read the marks. He rerolled the skin and called out, “Mammoth.” Kuup went through the same process and came up with the mammoth cloth. They repeated this presentation with “tree,” “moon,” “sun,” and “man.” Then Mawthrag showed the skin with the marking for man on it to their fellow cave painter. His face had been twisting into strange expressions during the entire presentation, but now he leapt up from his haunches. “Nada!” He grabbed his testicles. “Nada!” Kuup laughed and repeated the Neanderthal sound for man, “Dom.” 
Now it was Mawthrag whose enthusiasm went unbounded. He reached for a fistful of rolled skins and unfurled one for their new friend. He said the sound for deer and made the signal for horns on his head in an effort to emphasize. The skin man needed no encouragement. He called out his own sound representation, “Dayja,” and acted as if he had antlers on his own head. Now Mawthrag laughed. He motioned for a stick, and while Kuup was retrieving one, Mawthrag smoothed the cave floor near the fire into a nice flat surface. Once all the footprints and debris had been removed, he accepted the stick from Kuup. Then he thought again. It was a better demonstration if he did the talking and Kuup did the writing. He handed the stick back to Kuup. “Mooftha,” Mawthrag called out again, and Kuup responded by etching the characters for deer onto the dirt floor. They were the same as the black lines that appeared on the skin. Their new friend had it. “Dayja,” he cried. Mawthrag called out to Kuup, “Jayr.” Kuup sketched the simple lines for moon. “Moag,” replied the skin man.
Kuup had another idea, and he grunted loudly for everyone to be still. He smoothed over everything on the floor and started again with three marks in a row. Mawthrag waited patiently and read from the floor, “Mammoth, walk, moon.” 
He hesitated at the second mark in the series, but when he looked at Kuup, the tongueless Neanderthal made the motion for walking with his hands – padding them over the air. The silent hands were the clue he needed. Mawthrag repeated the marks to the skin man and added his own hand motions to emphasize the sound for walking.
The skin man crouched down over the line markings on the cave floor and shook his head. Then he passed his hands over the marks and followed each line with his fingers. He whispered under his breath his own sounds for mammoth, walk, and moon. The easy smile was gone, and his features had sharpened into a hunter’s look.  
The three of them sat there almost breathless, as the thin cloud of dust settled slowly on the marks etched on the cave floor. The fire flickered and spat small embers and flecks of charcoal, but otherwise, it did not disturb the minute particles of earth, rock, and fur that, caught up in the disturbance made by the Neanderthals and the skin man, were gradually settling on the ground. The three watched the lines, as if expecting them to make a sound. But the only sounds were the crackling of the fire and their combined breathing.
They did not speak. They knew that they were standing in uncharted land. The map to the new land’s immensity lay before them on the dirt floor of the cave. Here was something that each could grasp and which all now shared. Within their own tribe, the Neanderthals knew that sharing meant the survival of not only the tribe but also the individual. However, they had shared this new idea with the tribe, had been completely rejected, and had met with severe punishment. At this moment, their idea was meeting with total acceptance and yet they weren’t feeling the warmth of reciprocal enthusiasm. The skin man had grown very quiet and detached. This was not exactly the group exercise they had intended.
Kuup gurgled loudly to indicate that he was uncomfortable with the situation. This was no longer a meeting between three cave painters. The Neanderthals were acutely aware that there were two very distinct animal groups in the cave – skin man and Neanderthal. The growing uneasiness was palpable. 
Quick to seize on this feeling, the skin man softened his look immediately. He assumed a submissive posture and changed his half-standing pose into a crouch. He patted the ground besides the evocative writing and held his hands out to the Neanderthals. He spoke to them in unfamiliar sounds, which they interpreted as “You have made a good thing.” The skin man motioned for them to wait while he went to retrieve something. He kept talking to them in soft reassuring tones, as he reached into the pouch slung around his shoulder and withdrew some dried herbs. Now Mawthrag and Kuup were puzzled. The skin man kept assuring them that all was well. He took a pair of sticks, and, using them like extended fingers, he grabbed a small ember from the fire and put it into a hollow on a palm-sized rock. He sprinkled enough of the herb over the ember to start it smouldering. As the bluish smoke rose from the rock, he waved it under his chin and sucked up the smoke through his mouth. He held his breath for a moment as if under water and then let it out in a wonderful combination of a laugh and a cough. He slapped both sides of his face and offered the smouldering herbs to the Neanderthals. 
The herb had a strange effect on the skin man. No longer hawk-like, he now appeared pliable and gentle. The much stronger Neanderthals had not been overly concerned at the outset of their encounter about their ability to overpower the skin man, and now the diminutive man seemed even less of a threat as he nodded and lolled his head. The skin man put another log on the fire, and he motioned again for them to take the herb. He drew in another breath to show them how. Kuup grabbed it first. He followed the example and drew in the smoke with his mouth, holding it, then blowing on to the fire. He paused for a moment after exhaling and laughed. He passed the rock to Mawthrag. It was impossible to refuse now. Mawthrag inhaled the smoke, though not as deeply as the others. Then he sat back.
Kuup and the skin man made faces at each other. They laughed. They looked confused. Then they laughed again. There was no sense to it. Mawthrag could feel his heart beating inside his chest. It sounded so loud that he checked to see if the others could hear it. They were ignoring him. He put his hands over the beating and felt the pulsing under his thick hair and skin. He moved his hands up to his neck and felt around for the pulse. It felt as though his heart had moved up into his throat. The pumping was intense. Mawthrag began to panic. He tried to get up, but his knees gave out.
The skin man moved over and crouched in front of the Neanderthal. He looked into Mawthrag’s eyes and slowly moved his open palms together on his cheeks, as he took in a deep breath. He breathed out again and let his hands drift apart as if his breath was moving them. He did this several times until Mawthrag began to follow and slowed down his own breathing. As Mawthrag got his breathing under control, his heartbeat decelerated.  
The skin man returned to his place at the fire and inhaled another mouthful of smoke from the smouldering stone. Mawthrag waved away the offer of another breath, but Kuup consumed every last wisp of smoke that he could before the embers turned grey. He held the hot stone up to the skin man and rolled his hands in the air over the rock in a gesture asking him to restoke the tiny fire.
The skin man waved him off. Instead, he took up a stick and repeated the lines Kuup had drawn on the ground. Kuup sighed but retrieved a stick for himself. He studied the lines the skin man had etched in the ground and methodically started to produce more lines and marks. Mawthrag, calm but still too exhausted to move, was drawn into the seamless movement of the bodies and the sticks as Kuup and the skin man danced in a deliberate and precise ritual. As they sketched their lines, they called out their own sounds for each composition. Kuup could only mumble, but he carried on as if he were speaking both Neanderthal and the new language of the skin man with absolute clarity. Mawthrag remained paralyzed. All he could do was watch, sitting hunched on the ground with his knees bent and his arms wrapped around them, his chin resting heavily on the top of his knees. At times he noticed patterns emerging on the floor of the cave, and he wanted to call out. When that happened, he noticed his heart speeding up again, and he had to refocus his efforts on controlling his breathing. He sat in silence as his friend explored new expressions with the skin man.
The two passionate dancers swooped and then suspended their motions. One would circle a configuration on the ground, and the other would slowly move his stick through the earth. Their movements were precise and synchronized, like a pair of birds building a nest. One would collect his thoughts, while the other waved his hands over emerging patterns. They were tireless. Even as one stopped to ponder or rub out a mark, the other would babble about the work being done. In this strange conversation, Kuup and the skin man exchanged noises. Mawthrag strained to hear what they were saying. There was nothing he could understand. He could hear sounds, but he could not recognize one from the other. He did not understand how Kuup was able to communicate in this way. Were they actually talking to each other or were they getting their meaning from the web of lines carved into the earth?
The fire had grown dim when Mawthrag found himself backed up against the wall behind a blanket of marks scrawled into the dark hard soil. They had finally stopped. Kuup stood up, with his slender drawing stick in hand, and admired the wondrous creation. Marks for just about everything stretched out from wall to wall. The skin man stayed crouched down, making a similar assessment. Mawthrag was not sure what was being uttered as the skin man chanted. Kuup seemed to know, and he evidently did not like it. 
The skin man didn’t see it coming. Kuup raised his fist with the stick still in it and hit the crouched figure on the side of the head. He would have continued hitting the much weaker being and could have disabled or even killed him, but he fell to his knees and started rolling over everything in his path, including bits of the burning fire. Mawthrag, who had been shaken out of his stupor by the attack, tried to stop him before he put out the fire completely. The last thing he remembered was grabbing Kuup by the shoulders as he rolled towards the wall. Then there was blackness.

CHAPTER EIGHT

When Mawthrag woke up, he was shivering and aching. He wiped his brow and found clumps of semi-dried blood and dirt matted in a huge knot over his right ear. The animal skins had been stripped from his back. As his focus sharpened, he saw Kuup lying face down in the earth. He crawled on all fours to investigate the condition of his friend. Thankfully, he was still breathing and had most of his fur hide, although it looked as though the skin man had tried to strip him as well. It didn’t take Mawthrag more than a blink to figure out that their uneasiness of the previous evening had manifested itself in the worst way. All their gear was gone, and the floor was swept as if to eliminate all traces of the writing from the night before. 
Mawthrag attempted to revive Kuup. He grabbed the heavy Neanderthal under his armpits, dragged him across the floor, and propped him up against the cave wall. It was not easy. Kuup coughed and moaned. He was only partially conscious. Mawthrag slapped him on the side of the face and got a quick backhand in return. Kuup was awake. 
The groggy Neanderthals steadied themselves and stood up to survey the situation. Sunlight was streaming in through the cave opening, and a dancing microcosmic world of dust, dirt, and ash swirled in the bands of light. Watching the disconnected particles, the Neanderthals roused to the realization that they had been seduced and attacked by the skin man. It was not only a shameful position to find themselves in – it was a dangerous one as well. 
Panic pumped through Mawthrag, as he scoured the cave for any remaining weapons or tools. Everything was gone. They were down to bare hands for their survival. Kuup was far beyond caring about the essentials of survival. He was frantic with the discovery that all his creative efforts had been wiped from the face of the earth. He wanted to retain the right to erase his own creations. They were his. But every record of their written language that had been drawn onto the animal skins had been stolen, and every marking made last night on the floor had been erased. Kuup fell back down to the ground. Mawthrag tried to assure him that they could rewrite the marks at any given moment. He reminded him that their first priority was to leave this hostile place and make some tools and weapons. He also reminded him that he had been rolling over the floor himself and had wiped out a good number of marks with his own foolishness. 
The remonstration did not help, and Kuup was hesitant to move. At first, he refused to even lift his head but was eventually persuaded to leave the cave. Not far from the mouth of the cave, they found Mawthrag’s cat skin, which wasn’t used for warmth in the warm weather as much as it was useful as a sleeping mat. It must have been too much for the scrawny skin man to carry, mused Mawthrag, and he cleaned it as best as he could by smacking it with his hands.  Donning the skin, he encouraged the despondent Kuup to come with him.  

CHAPTER NINE 

To travel forward into unknown territory with nothing but the skins on your back and your bare hands was close to suicide. To make that journey with a mentally disturbed companion, on whom you might have to rely on for support in an attack, or in the event of an accident, was to invite death. 
Kuup had descended deeper into depression and would barely lift his gaze from the ground. He had the look of an animal that had given up the fight and was prepared to die. He would soon become a liability. Mawthrag explained that their best option was to move back downstream and try to find their old tribe in their seasonal camp. He knew the other Neanderthals would be migrating to the valley now that the drier weather was coming, and they could look for them there. He rationalized to his friend that they should forget about taking any revenge against the skin man. It seemed very likely that he knew they were not dead. He would be back with more skin people. 
It would have helped if Kuup had some fire for revenge in him. That energy could have been used to propel them forward. Instead, the mute Neanderthal only wanted to lie by the river and drag his hand through the current. Mawthrag finally prompted him into action by shouting in his ear and splashing cold water in his face.
Kuup agreed to move if he could bring a stick with him that he insisted on using to scratch the ground and whack leaves off branches. He could not be convinced to stop. The activity was tantamount to walking through the forest with a flaming campfire on their backs, the smoke signals of which would announce their exact location to all kinds of predators. 
Mawthrag missed the community of the tribe, and he missed the community of his friend. Without their packs of tools, weapons, and supplies, they moved quickly, however, and in the absence of worrying whether he had enough arrow heads or paint brushes, he turned his thoughts simply to placing one foot in front of the other. As the type of terrain became more familiar, he knew by instinct where to go. But there was no way to make preparation if someone or something followed them. They only had the swiftness of their legs to protect them. He watched his feet move, one first and then the other. They were huge he thought – compared to the paws of a cat or dog, his feet were much bigger. In concentrating on his walking, he cleared his mind of more disturbing thoughts. As Mawthrag measured the methodical progress of his feet and listened to the rhythmical tapping of Kuup’s stick, he thought about the skin man’s feet. They were leathery like a grey ape’s face, with not much hair. By comparison, his feet were almost furry, covered with thick dark brown hair. 
He glanced back at his disturbed friend. Void of tools and companions, they seemed something other than Neanderthal. They were a couple of scavenger dogs scurrying back to the pack, tails between their legs. He turned back to Kuup again and motioned for them to move down to the river to get water. It hardly seemed worthwhile to make weapons. But perhaps they should. Kuup certainly wasn’t interested in anything other than nodding his head and tapping or dragging his stick. Mawthrag reminded him that they would be back with the group before long, and they would have a great story to tell them about their encounter with the skin man. They would be heroes.
Not for having been beaten, Kuup reminded him. Mawthrag was unable to argue with this logic. They walked on in silence and stopped at the river’s edge.
Mawthrag studied Kuup as he sipped water from the riverbank. He was absent from this world. As he watched his friend sip heedlessly from the river and pause only to whack at some rocks with his stick, Mawthrag thought that, in some way, his whole tribe had been like that. They too were concerned only with what was immediately in front of them.  
They certainly didn’t care about the line language. They were unable to understand how it could defy time. With this new tool, thought Mawthrag, a man could write down where he was going or where he had been and leave it so that future readers could find him. A Neanderthal could write down an experience he had so that if something happened to him, say if he lost his tongue, another could know the details by studying the black lines. They could be forewarned and avoid the same danger. Up to now, his tribe only thought about preserving the cave and protecting their hierarchy in the tribe. Perhaps this new encounter with the skin man would alter their views. Perhaps they would understand what the lines could do. Mawthrag decided to think more about this possibility.
Mawthrag called out to Kuup. It was time to continue on their trail to finding the tribe. He was relieved when Kuup agreed to continue without much prodding. Mawthrag used his cat skin as a sack to hold a few stones he selected from the riverbank. Kuup seemed to have revived and was keen enough to help him choose some that could be used to make tools. They could have stayed there to make them, but Mawthrag wanted to keep moving now that they had impetus.
The path to the woodlands was not well worn by the Neanderthals, and they would have to follow the routes used by other animals, like the packs of scavenger dogs that travelled to the woodlands during the short days. The two Neanderthals wove their way across the terrain until they picked up a scent of dogs. As they followed the trail into the evening, it was unmistakable that this pack was moving away from the grasslands. The scent was fresh enough to intrigue even Kuup.
When they stopped for the night, they both agreed that in the morning, they would make some hacking and carving tools from the stones they had gathered at the river. They dumped out the stones and used the cat skin as a ground cover. They slept in rotation. Kuup had the first sleep. While he was on watch, Mawthrag recaptured the memory of the woodland Neanderthal camp. 
He remembered one refuge, a sort of cave made from fallen chunks of mammoth-sized rocks. It was not like the cavern in the grasslands. It was a random collection of massive stones, lying as if thrown by a giant from an overhanging cliff. But the cliffs were far away from the woodlands, so it was believed that the rocks had emerged from inside the earth itself, thrown up perhaps during the great roar. Mawthrag had always disliked staying inside this particular cave, because the roof, a giant chunk of rock much bigger than the sizable ones supporting it, always seemed as if it were about to push the supporting walls out. In fact, the massive rocks seemed frozen in motion. It took little imagination to create a scenario in which they continued their free-fall and crushed everything beneath. Even though it was only a temporary camp, Mawthrag recalled that he had made a hasty painting inside the cave. It was a plea to the rocks that they remain in suspension while the Neanderthals took refuge inside.
The cave had smelt of bear when they first found it, but they had killed the bear and smoked out most of its scent. Mawthrag always imagined that he could smell the bear. It was not a good place to paint. It was not a good home for Neanderthals. He much preferred sleeping outside with his back to a tree, as he was this night. Still, as the cooler night air brought the faint fragrance of the woodland cedar on its wind, he could smell bear. He woke Kuup. 
The groggy Neanderthal sat up for a moment, with his eyes closed. He sniffed the air. He shook his head. Kuup took a handful of grass from beneath where they were lying and smelled it. It was bear, but it was an old scent. They had not noticed it until the wind changed. Mawthrag calmed down. Kuup agreed to keep watch, and the rest of the night passed by uneventfully. 
They awoke with empty stomachs. For drink, they sucked the dew from the ground plants, but for food, they were able to content themselves on plenty of tree nuts. They used their stones to crack them open and ate the meat inside. They were so contented that they were able to spend a few lengths of time sculpting a couple of sharp hand tools substantial enough to use in combat or for carving. They did not want to spend the daylight sculpting arrowheads for spears, though. They could wait for that activity when they found their home.
As they headed towards the woodlands, they looked for signs that their kin had passed through this way. They could still smell the bear, but no Neanderthals. Kuup seemed to take a greater interest in their progression now that the trees were closing in around them. He became more attentive to hunting for the smells and the sights that would lead them to the others. He was the first to pick up the familiar smell.
 The females had been here. Mawthrag stopped to smell the waste under a thin blanket of fallen leaves. This had been made in transit. The two were able to get their bearings now, and they recognized landmarks of giant rocks and streams that had dried to nothing but a trickle. The fallen rock cave was close. They quickened their pace. 

CHAPTER TEN

When they were within a length of the fallen rock cave, they smelled trouble. It was fire. Not the life-giving vital flame that heated the cold night or illuminated a dark passage, but a deathly charcoal scent that meant the flame had gone out. In the air, mixed with the charcoal, was the smell of burnt flesh. It was not the flesh of a familiar animal of prey. Cutting through smell came the sound of vultures quarrelling over a find. Mawthrag was about to run towards the cave when Kuup grabbed his arm. There was something else on the wind. It was the lingering scent of a peculiar creature. 
Mawthrag and Kuup approached cautiously with the hand axes firmly in their grasp. The distant screeching of carrion birds stopped and was followed by the flapping of wings. It was only a pair of birds. The unusual mixtures of smells continued to perturb them as the woodlands became thin around the cave, and the smell of leaves and fungus no longer blended with the stench or the noisy confusion of the carrion birds. They assumed a crouch position.
From their vantage point behind some scraggly bushes, they saw charred bones scattered by the burned-out fire pit outside the cave entrance. The two vultures had returned and were now squabbling near the entrance to the cave. Mawthrag hurled some stones and quickly dispersed the scavengers once again. Kuup tried to encourage the birds to fly off further, but they would not be budged from a high tree overlooking the fire pit. They would watch and wait. Unless the Neanderthals were within accurate throwing range, the scavengers would not move. Their flock had gone, and these two stragglers wanted to dine on the last remnants of detritus before continuing on their journey. They could afford to wait and see if these new creatures to the scene were scavenging or if they intended to stay and fight. 
Mawthrag and Kuup cautiously made their way towards the cave. The first burnt bones were lying just beyond the fire pit, and they were unmistakable. A Neanderthal’s leg, with the foot still attached, lay inert like a broken branch. Strands of muscle remained attached to it in places where carnivorous teeth, claws, or beaks hadn’t managed to strip it clean. Mawthrag bent down to smell it. 
Kuup nodded and turned his head to the horizon. He surveyed the area for predators. The significant carnivores had already taken their share and had moved off. The remainder was left to the carrion birds and the hosts of beetles and worms already making their way across the fallen Neanderthals. The vultures called out threats for Mawthrag and Kuup to clear away from their food. Kuup replied by throwing more stones their way. The birds took off for the last time, leaving the Neanderthals to survey the ruins.
There were signs of a struggle around the campfire. Stones had been kicked over, broken spear shafts and branches were strewn about, and the bones Mawthrag studied showed obvious marks of trauma. These were not injuries a Neanderthal gets from a four-legged predator. Kuup did not want to look too closely. They both kept silent in this improvised gravesite. 
Finally, Kuup gave a short nod. As they very slowly and cautiously approached the entrance to the cave, Kuup’s foot inadvertently knocked aside a skull. To silence the rolling bone and flesh, he bent down to put his palm upon it. With one hand, he picked it up to survey the damage. It had been smashed clear through from the back, and the inside had been picked clean. Mawthrag bent down to look. He imagined that he could determine from the bits remaining of the face, notably the hairy cheeks, furrowed brow, and scruffy beard, that this head once sat on Gorky’s shoulders. Kuup placed the skull in Mawthrag’s palm. 
In a blink, Mawthrag knew that no amount of discord in the clan would result in this extreme show of violence. This was beyond comprehension. He felt an urge to flee. They could both smell the other presence, but the meaning of the smell remained unspoken as they gently looked at each bone and scrap that was left. They never put down the hand stones, but they stroked the remains and looked to each other, acknowledging with no more than a glance that this belonged to a particular Neanderthal. Here was Zseh-Zseh, the youngster who was always excited to go on the hunt. She had been thrown onto the fire pit like a heap of wood. Her bones scorched and picked at by ravenous scavengers. The rest were in the same condition. The bodies had been beaten and burnt. 
When they finally entered the cave, they saw that a huge fire had been set there. There were more bodies as well. On closer inspection, he could see that some had their hands tied behind their backs. Quite a few had trauma injuries to the back of the head. No one was spared, not that he could count anyway. On the walls where their few paintings had been, he saw scorch marks so severe that there was no trace remaining of any creative mark. It looked as though someone had come in and deliberately erased the work.
Maybe the tribe did have an argument over the paintings and black lines. Maybe Gorky had inspired an internal war. But how would that explain the death of nearly every Neanderthal he had ever known? Now that the larger birds had left, it wasn’t long before some smaller scavenger birds were squawking at the mouth of the cave, demanding entry to the easy meal they knew was within. Mawthrag threw stones at them. He tried to rub the wall clean to see if he could encourage any of his drawings to reveal themselves under the charred marks. Nothing remained – it even looked as if someone or something had banged over the places where he had etched outlines and eradicated any trace of his markings. Kuup too ran his fingers over the scorch marks on the wall. 
Whatever had happened, they knew from the smell of the still unidentified creature that it was more disturbing than they could possibly imagine. Stumbling and turning away from the remains of their companions, they escaped the clawing air of the cave. Kuup collapsed outside. Mawthrag crouched beside him. There were no sounds other than panicked breathing. The something had been here before them. Was it related to the skin men? If so, it had moved very fast. It was very strong. How had it covered the same amount of terrain in that much less time than they did? Was it that much faster? What had motivated it? And more importantly, was it coming back?
As Mawthrag retreated from his own anxiety, he concentrated on helping Kuup regain his senses. The stunned Neanderthal sat with his back against the giant rock, his mouth agape, and his eyes fixed on the ground. Before Mawthrag could tap him on the chin to get him to meet his gaze, Kuup lifted his head and fixed his eyes on an unusual rock that had been placed on the outer rim of the open-air fire circle. The uncharred stone had obviously been put there after the burning. It was marked with a black arrowhead pointing up. Mawthrag followed its direction and noticed, strung from a tree branch directly above, a pouch tied with leather binding. He recognized the piece of leather immediately. Even from the distance, he could see it had his mark for tree on it. Mawthrag left the paralyzed Kuup and walked over to the pouch. He held the soft skin in his hand for a moment, feeling its familiar shape and touch. Masked by the scent of the thief, he could smell his own hand. He pulled down the branch and loosened the pouch from the tree. He looked back to Kuup to see if he could be encouraged to come over. Mawthrag turned back to the pouch in his hand. He smelled it again to determine if there was anything else inside. He squeezed it gently in his hand; then he carefully unfurled the strap. 
On the inside were other inscriptions. He recognized the marks from their journey up the river and past the falling water. But in dark red bloody pigment was written three new marks, “Skin man,” “Kill,” and “Neanderthal.” It was a macabre message sent from days before to tell those who came after what had happened here. It was an effective use of Mawthrag’s black line drawings. Only they were not his anymore. Several thoughts raced through his head simultaneously. He couldn’t sort them out fast enough. He did not want to show this to Kuup. He did not want to believe what he held in his hands. He wanted to destroy the skin man. He wanted to run. His heart pumped so violently in his chest, that he felt it would smash his ribs apart. He could feel his lungs filling and emptying, competing for space in his chest with the beating heart. He couldn’t move.
 All Mawthrag could hear was the quick in and out of his breathing. Like a mouse mesmerized by the waving of a cat’s tail, he stared at the fine ash powder caught in the draft caused by his heaving lungs. He absently rubbed the soft leather in his hand. He rolled his thumb up over the nap of the leather, and the tactile sensation stirred him into taking stock of the situation. The dust specks were the ashes of his brethren. Kuup staggered up. He too had seen the inscription. There was no going forward into the woodlands. The skin men had descended from their position on the cliffs, coming down into the Neanderthal realm and bringing an unimaginable force with them. They had taken the line drawings and infused them with a new malign spirit and power. Their mocking cruelty was terrifying. But Mawthrag did not have enough anger in him to override his fear of what might happen next. Not only had his work been stolen and tainted, but their territory had also been invaded. Now that he knew what had happened, he could smell the skin men everywhere. Only the return of the squawking vultures meant they were not in the immediate vicinity.
It was pointless to move forward to other woodland camps and sheer folly to stay put. He looked to Kuup for advice. The tongueless Neanderthal looked right through him, the horror of what they had seen still written on his face. On the cave wall back at the old grasslands hunting camp, Kuup could see the lines on the wall coming to life. They were calling to him, and he wanted to go back. Mawthrag had no other plan to suggest. He knew they had to leave this place. He could feel the dark eyes of the skin man peering down on him from his vantage point on the cliff top. 
Having no other options, they traced their steps back to where they could no longer smell the strangers. They carried only the skin pouch, their hand axes, and some arrowheads. Kuup took a tiny charred bone from the fire and wrapped it in a small scrap of animal skin. 
Once he put the bone in the skin and tied it to his wrist, he did not look back, and neither did Mawthrag. They returned to the place where the bear had beaten down the ground cover and stopped here, planning to make a nest for the night. The musty smell of the carnivore was comforting compared to the pungent odour of the skin men. But everything, even their hands, had become tainted with the smell, and there was no escaping it. Kuup wanted to walk through the night, so they rested only long enough to close their eyes briefly. As soon as the stars appeared, they headed towards the river. 
The night was filled with other creatures winding their way through the sparse woods and brush. Small rodents scurried out from holes and underneath rocks to look for fallen nuts and abandoned carcasses. Snakes rustled the leaves on the ground, but their slithering disturbed little of the ground matter. A half moon gave the Neanderthals the light they needed to negotiate the nocturnal terrain. They could see, smell, and hear that most of activity was moving in the opposite direction. The devastation caused by the skin men would be attracting interest from many creatures, some of which could otherwise pose a threat to the Neanderthals. It was their only consolation as they moved through the grey and blue landscape.
By morning, they reached a familiar place by the river. Still numb from walking and their recent trauma, they stopped to sit but could not make it to the water’s edge to drink. Mawthrag fell asleep. As the sun climbed higher, the warmth touched his eyelids, and they slowly opened. In the dirt warming in front of him, he watched a black ant dragging the leg of a beetle steadily towards its home. The comparatively large forked foot of the beetle left a pattern in the dirt as the tiny ant manoeuvred the dismembered body part towards its goal. Mawthrag picked up a small twig and copied the pattern. He mused on the thickness and thinness of the lines he made, depending on how he tilted the twig. In a motion comparable to the ant’s lifting and dragging of the beetle leg, he could alter the width of his lines. He was still half asleep. As he became more attentive, he realized it was too quiet. Kuup was not nearby. He stood up and scoured the horizon. He called out, his voice shattering the calm and causing a flurry of birds to be dislodged from their perch. There was no response. 
Mawthrag called out Kuup’s name again and moved closer to the river’s edge. All the dread and shock of the previous day grabbed him by the throat.There was Kuup swimming in the middle of the water. Mawthrag called out again, this time in panic. His voice echoed up the river, a handful of stones skipping endlessly on the water. Kuup bobbed up and down like a log. He would not answer. 
The birds had flown, and there were only a few creatures drinking cautiously at the water’s edge. They were cautious because of what they could not see. The rocks on the other side of the river sometimes moved – strange hairless creatures whose marshy coloured skin blended in with the rocky terrain were sunning themselves among the pebbles and moss. These creatures Mawthrag called the stones with teeth. The tentativeness of the small creatures on Mawthrag’s side of the river was palpable. Why were they still here, he wondered? The weather had turned. 
An old hairless creature at the other side yawned, apparently uncaring about the sprightly beasts gingerly picking at the water on the shoreline. A row of giant teeth glistened in the sunlight for a moment and then disappeared into stony jaws. Mawthrag had not seen the animals until he noticed the glint. It disappeared as fast as it had appeared. The creature was gone too. It had slipped into the water seamlessly. The rest of the stones followed the old one’s lead, sliding down the gentle slope into the river. The small drinking animals vanished without a squawk or a bleat. Now Mawthrag could see clearly, far too clearly. 
Kuup barely made a sound as he lost his legs. There was a gnarled gasp, and he went down. The water rippled on the surface for a moment, and then the ripples bubbled up into a gnashing and churning of water as the swimming stones fought over the consumable pieces. Some birds flew into the fracas to pick what they could from the surface of the water. One misplaced his aim and was snapped up by an enormous jaw that sprang out of the water like a coiled snake. The rest of the birds scattered into the air. They circled and would resume as soon as the turmoil had settled.
It had happened in the amount of time it takes to snap a twig with your fingers. In a reflex movement, Mawthrag stepped back from the shoreline. It hurt to breath, and the pain caused a doubt. Was he responsible for his friend’s death? Did Kuup die because Mawthrag was watching the ant, because he had let them sit with the skin man, because he had started making the black lines? 
The Neanderthals knew that when a beast leaves this world of air, water, earth, and fire, it is the crossing of two adversaries – one stronger than the other. Certainly, it was the stones with teeth that killed Kuup, but had Mawthrag led him to this end? It may not have been intentional, the way a crafty hunter might lead a mammoth into a death trap of spears, but he could not help feeling that he was responsible.
Mawthrag was stuck to the spot. Eventually, he was shaken back into the moment by the sound of the stone creatures jostling over the best basking positions as they returned to the warm rocks. Mawthrag was on the right side of the river. The few trees on his side cast cooling shadows. The old stones with teeth preferred the warmth of the sun. But the sun would rise to the centre of the sky, and the rocks on this side would heat up. They might decide to move.
Mawthrag considered that possibility, but he could not abandon his friend as quickly as they had abandoned the tribe. There was nothing left of him except the roughly hewn hand axe he had been carrying. Mawthrag returned to their resting spot and found it lying there. He began to scrape the earth with the stone. The scrapping became digging. When he had a small pit that could fit his arm up to his elbow, he laid the cut stone in the bottom. He covered it with tufts of tall grass and filled it in with the dirt. The mound of earth was finished when Mawthrag retrieved an armful of stones from the river and laid them on top. He lay down beside the knoll and closed his eyes. 
His body ached as if he had been beaten with clubs and stones. It felt good to sit down. He was exhausted. Once he was deep in sleep, and he could not feel his pain, Mawthrag found himself sitting under a canopy of tree branches. A lone figure approached and motioned for him to remain seated. It was Kuup. His friend spoke clearly, his voice fully restored. Even though Mawthrag knew he was speaking directly to him, he was so shocked to hear his friend’s new voice that he couldn’t hear half of what he was saying. As the two Neanderthals sat under the overhanging branches, a full moon appeared from behind a nest of clouds. Kuup traced his finger around the shape of it. Mawthrag quickly picked up a stick and mimicked the shape on the ground. A sudden cold wind blew and wiped the mark from the ground. Kuup was getting up to leave, and Mawthrag begged him to stay, when the wind blew again. Mawthrag felt naked against its fierceness. He awoke shivering. The sun was higher, and the tree had cast a long shadow upon the Neanderthal.
In the early evening, a small herd of deer gingerly made their way to the river’s edge to drink. The river had shrunk over the summer, and the deer were walking on damp riverbeds that moons ago were covered with water. They were spared the advances of the sated stones who were stilled by the cold evening air. Regardless, they drank quickly and ran in retreat past the supine Mawthrag. The breeze of their passing caused him to sit bolt upright. He was still in pain. 
Not only had his body become almost inert, but his head was full of clouds. This was a dangerous state to be in. He tried to shake it. He pinched his arms. He could barely feel anything. He tried to stand. He fell back down. Grieving for his friend had put him into a dangerous position. Most animals can’t afford to grieve for more than a few breaths, as only size and strength can protect a mourning creature from the predators who are always waiting. The woolly mammoths, he was told, would stand guard over their dead kin for many lengths. On some occasions, they would return to the old bones, picking them up in their trunks and rolling them as if in remembrance. Their strength prevented the intrusion of lesser adversaries. Those were the tales he remembered. 
He drifted off to sleep again, unprotected and unarmed, except for his hand-cut stone axe and a skinful of arrowheads. He dreamt of the mammoths and imagined their lands as they existed in the stories of the elders. He felt the cold throughout his body as he walked through the desolate dream landscape. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Mawthrag awoke in a daze. It was morning. He was surprised to find that he was still alive. Moving was difficult, but he managed to rise and make his way to the river to get a drink. In the early light, he could see that the long, stone creatures were gone. Their pebble eyes could not be seen sticking out of the water’s surface, and there were no ripples in the water other than the current moving rhythmically downstream. A scrawny lone dog sipped at the river’s edge. It too looked across the divide before stooping to drink. It glanced at Mawthrag and must have seen nothing that presaged danger, so it continued drinking and then left as quickly as it had appeared. Only the stragglers and the sick were left. The old swimming stones must have moved up stream.
Most creatures would move towards the source of the river at this time of year. But that was where his kin had gone, and Mawthrag did not want to go back in that direction. He surveyed the terrain downstream. A mass of rocks and tangled shrubs made it impossible to negotiate any further down the river on this side by foot. He did not want to leave the river, however. Even in its shrunken state, the waterway was broad. Its current was fast and unpredictable, he could not tell what moved under the surface, and he had no idea how deep the river was. He had no plan. Racked with pain, but able to move, he had only one thought – to get to the other side of the river.
 Somewhere in the giant stream, the stone creatures with gnashing teethcould be swimming. He thought about them. Their skin seemed made from the earth itself, a melting together of small stones and tree bark. Mawthrag imagined them slowly emerging from the cracked mud. On land, they lacked the rhythmic motion of more nimble creatures. The river beast lumbered awkwardly from side to side as he moved on short legs that jutted out from his body. Not that he was harmless on land. His cumbersome stride was merely due to his indifference. There was no reason to show off his running skills. He generally used his land manoeuvres only to move from basking area to basking area. He wasn’t concerned about hunting on land, for once he had melted into the water, he simply glided up and down the river, culling from it what he desired.
The current didn’t seem to affect these creatures. Mawthrag had seen the river current pull its victims down as savagely and as quickly as a cat drags his prey from a tree. These creatures, though, seemed to glide through it all, unaffected. They owned this river, even its deadly currents. Death is inevitable, mused Mawthrag, and if he must die, he would rather it be in the jaws of the stone beasts, or the strong current, than at the hands of the twisted skin men. 
Mawthrag had seen twigs and logs bobbing and dodging from shore to shore, especially after a rainstorm when the river was awash with debris ripped from the land and blown into the water. He wanted to imitate their movement. To do so he would need to find a log that could take him across the river. He had a plan. 
The excitement impelled him to move. He scavenged through the bramble looking for something large enough to float and carry his weight. He continually looked back to the river for any sign of the stone creatures. By the time the sun had reached its highest point in the day, he had collapsed back at the old tree where Kuup’s axe was buried. Unintentionally, he slept again. 
It was twilight when he awoke, panicked that the day had been wasted. At first, he could not focus on anything. Then, looking across the river, he noticed the trees silhouetted against the dying sun. He traced the mark for tree on the palm of his right hand. He compared his fingers to the branches. He slowly stroked his arms as the shadow trees on the other side of the river became more distinct. Comparing the shapes demarcated by the trees on the horizon to the lines he had sketched onto the hide canvas, he relived the excitement he had first experienced making the line markings. 
Lines connected everything in this world. The tree branches as they reached from one to the other made lines, their trunks, as they drew water up from the ground, formed a line. From the ground sprung the grasses and the flowers, emerging from the grasses were the outlines of the animals – the mammoth with its spectacular curved tusks, the cat as it sauntered across the plain, the smallest mouse as it traversed each tiny obstacle and the pig who muzzled the earth near the roots of a tree – whose branches reached out to the sky. These things were all composed of lines, and they were all connected with lines to the earth.
As the light faded, the trees blended into the night sky. He strained to watch the streaks of black as they disappeared. Was there a line between the branches and the stars? Was there a line between the moon and the stars? He concentrated to see if he could see any variation in colour or shade that would tell if these shapes were connected. Thin bands of pink light stretched across the horizon. Slowly, the bands filled in with dark blue, and those bands of blue blended into a dark violet and black.
Mawthrag was drifting off to sleep again. As the moon rose above the tree line, he stared at it, trying to discern its full shape. Although it was showing only a bright crescent, he could make out the rest of it. It was a sleepy eye staring down at him from the night sky. Mawthrag reached his arms up to the moon. He touched the bright orb and was surprised by its warmth. The smoothness was seductive, and he slipped his hands over the orb feeling the smooth luminous sphere. He intended at first to bring the moon down so he could inspect it, but as he reached both hands around the top, it started to rise. Mawthrag held on instinctively. As the moon rose in the sky, he experienced what he imagined was the sensation of flying. I’m like a bird. The bird is not connected to anything. The bird hovers in the sky, not connected to anything, not to trees, not to earth. But there is a space between the bird and the treetop and between the bird and the animals on the ground. The space between the bird and the tree is like the space between two line markings. 
As the moon climbed higher, Mawthrag’s perspective on the space between objects began to change. They appeared less distinguishable from one another, and the ground filled in where trees had previously been separated by sky.  He was quite high up, and his arms began to throb under the strain of carrying his weight. He couldn’t move his hands or his arms. The moon began to rotate, and as it slowly spun, Mawthrag’s hands came loose. He could see the ground approaching.
When Mawthrag woke, his hands had fallen into his lap, and it was still dark. All he could hear was his own breathing. He was exhausted. As the comforting sound of crickets chirping to each other filtered through to his ears, he readjusted his position and fell asleep in the bramble of tree branches lying on the ground.

CHAPTER TWELVE

The sun was just bringing new colour to the day as Mawthrag awoke. Bleary from his dream and the long hours he had spent sleeping, he looked to see if any other living thing had noticed he was there. But life proceeded along the riverbank much the way it did every morning. Beetles darted into the water, and a solitary predator bird flew circles around the river. What was it stalking? Mawthrag went cautiously to drink. There was still no sign of the stones with teeth on the opposite side of the bank. Silence.
The air was still, and he could sense not a whiff a deadly animal or skin man in any direction. He tossed a small twig into the river and watched it gently bob on the surface, carried away by the current. He could not stay any longer. 
Mawthrag set out to find a branch large enough to carry him away from the familiar shore. In the thicket were mostly twigs and tangled vines, so he set off away from the river. As he walked, he seemed to gain back some strength in his body. 
Perhaps it was the activity or perhaps it was the purpose, but enthused at regaining his strength, he scrambled along fairly quickly, searching for a log that could survive the current. Mawthrag had not gone far when he stumbled upon a young tree that had been eaten out at the bottom by insects. Its branches were mostly void of leaves, except at the extremities, and those were shrivelling with the lack of rainwater. The tree stood maybe ten hands higher than the top of his head. Mawthrag pulled on the trunk to test it for breakability. It would give if he used his full force.He used his stone hand axe and smashed at the base of the tree where the insect infestation had been. When the scar had been opened, the rotten wood inside was exposed. He scraped away at the rot, gouging a hole in the trunk that would weaken the structure. Once he had nearly reached the back of the trunk, he threw down the stone and began to pull the tree forward. It creaked in agony as the weakened trunk bent under the strain. He pulled and released repeatedly, moving a little farther up the trunk, with every yank of the tree. He could feel it cracking with each pull, but the tree would not break. Mawthrag went around the trunk and put his shoulder against it. On the third slam, the tree came down and so did Mawthrag, in a cloud of dust, stones, and bark.
He rolled over the ripped log, bruising his shoulder and lacerating his arm on the rocks. The injuries were fairly minor, though, and Mawthrag set about with his sharp stone to completely sever the tree from its base. Once that was done, he ripped the branches off as close to the trunk as possible. With some difficulty, he began to haul the tree to the river. 
The sun was still low on the horizon, but it was already quickly changing the temperature and colour of the day. Mawthrag saw that he would not be able to launch his log from where he had spent the night. It was too crowded with bramble and shrubbery. He would have too much of a struggle. He would have to enter the river from the sandy patch where the animals congregated. 
On land, the log was a troublesome companion. It was heavy and awkward, catching on rocks and digging into the earth like a stubborn child. The Neanderthal paused to catch his breath. The more he struggled with the unwieldy tree trunk, the more he wanted to get it into the water. He abandoned all other thoughts, complaints, or worries. Several lengths of shadow passed before Mawthrag and his log shoved onto the sandy shore. 
 Several small rodents who had come to sup at the water’s edge cleared out of the way of the odd spectacle. The Neanderthal, heaving from his exertion, rested on the crooked log. The rats did not return. Mawthrag looked into the shadows. He could not smell anything but rodents and leaves. He looked again for the stone creatures. They were nowhere in sight.
Mawthrag could feel that the air was cooler than in previous days, but when he put his foot into the water, he found it was warm. He took a deep breath and waded out into the river until he was thigh deep. He stood there for a while sniffing the air. When he was comfortable, he waded back to get his float. As he dragged the log out, he was relieved to find that it became easier to manoeuvre as it forged into the river. He let out a snort of laughter at how light the log became in the water. Once it was completely in, he could manipulate it as if it were only a small branch. The current nipped at him as he waded out waist high. Mawthrag clutched tightly to his log. In his mind, he had constructed a plan whereby the log would become like a swimming stone’s body for him, and his legs would paddle him across.
He didn’t have time to imagine any more. The bottom of the river suddenly fell out from under him. His legs flailed helplessly. Mawthrag was seized by the current and thrust down stream. He instinctively, but awkwardly kicked with his feet while struggling to stay attached to the log. The log had a life of its own once in the water. It wouldn’t stay on one side as it had on land. The broken tree not only bobbed and weaved with the current, but rolled as well. Mawthrag clutched and groped to keep his log from slipping away. At the same time, he had to struggle with his entire body to keep from being rolled under the water. He was not in control. The log was riding him down the river. The river was commanding the log.
Mawthrag had never moved this fast. Neither running, nor sliding down a hill could compare with the speed. He was moving so fast and erratically that he could not see where he was in relation to the other side of the river. Something brushed against his leg. He kicked wildly, and the log pitched over. Mawthrag inhaled muddy water up his nose and into his mouth. He choked and gagged but wouldn’t let go of the log. He had an urge to let go and use his hands to pound the water out of his chest, but he continued snorting and trying to keep the log from pitching again. His nasal passages, far up inside his skull, which he had never considered before, were now burning with the water and dirt. His lungs were convulsing. Breathing was as much a battle as staying afloat. 
Whatever had touched his leg couldn’t have been that interested in him because it was not in pursuit. Something else pulled at him now, and it wasn’t an animal. The river suddenly grabbed at him and his log with a force that clutched them like a hand pulling a sapling from soft earth. He took a deep breath. The river’s arm pulled them down to where the water was much cooler. Mawthrag and the log were choked in the cold. Then just as quickly as it had grabbed them, it let go. Mawthrag hadn’t taken enough air down with him, and he inhaled another mouthful of water as the river spat him and the log back up to the surface. 
He could not see. His eyes were filled with mud and water. As he choked and his chest heaved, he blinked repeatedly. He could taste salty tears along with the grit. The world was a blur, and nowhere could he see the shore. Holding on to the log was becoming unbearable. As it pitched and rolled in the water, the stumps of the severed branches tore at his skin. Mawthrag tried to throw his body over the log so he could use his weight to steady it and not tire his arms. The river wouldn’t have it. Mawthrag was pulled under, and his log was torn from his grasp. He imagined he saw it from under the water. The only advantage now was that his hands were free. Able to thrash against the current with his arms and feet, he worked his way to the surface to take in a breath of air. He went down again almost immediately. Mawthrag struggled back up again with his arms and legs. He managed to get another breath before he sank again. In this way he traveled until he was near complete exhaustion.
Death was close, but he had little time to contemplate it. He knew it was there but couldn’t engage it in any way. There was no stalking and waiting, no reaching for another spear, no pause in the conflict. There was only gasping for air and struggling against the river. The immediacy caused him to move his arms and legs faster. Something banged his shoulder from behind. He pushed faster ahead. It banged again. He turned and grabbed for it. The log.
He held on until he had cleared most of the water from his lungs and nose. As exhausted as he was, Mawthrag finally managed to manipulate his body and the log, riding the river long enough to get some bearings. He was completely unfamiliar with the surroundings on either shore, but from the direction of the current, at least he knew which was opposite from where he had started. He kicked his legs across the current and little by little came closer to the shore. For every motion he made towards the shore, he was dragged at least three times that distance down the river. 
In this way, Mawthrag and his log came close to the opposite shore some time past midday. There would not be an easy landing. Long grasses stretched out into the moving current, but in between these clumps were outcrops of jagged rock. The log bounced against a reddish coloured rock and threatened to immediately launch back out to the middle of the river, but Mawthrag grabbed onto a fistful of grass and steadied his feet against the red rock. He was hesitant to release his float, but he couldn’t fight the river or his fatigue anymore. He readjusted his grasp onto the rock and let the tree trunk submit to the current. It bounced off several rocks near the shore, and Mawthrag thought he might be able to salvage it if he could get ashore quick enough, but it was not to be. His log was sucked down by an undertow and popped up much farther down the river. He hauled his bruised body and remaining rag of fur out of the river and onto the bank.
Mawthrag was still having difficulty breathing and seeing as he stumbled around near the river’s edge. He wanted to get as far away from the turbulent current as he could. He pushed blindly forward through the thigh-high grass. As he coughed and sputtered up muddy water, he tried to search for some kind of horizon against which to measure his placement. There was none. Huge patches of grass obscured the view in every direction. After staggering forward for several steps, he struck his foot against a rock hidden in the vegetation. The unexpected impact caused his leg to buckle and that brought down his whole beaten body. His landing was softened somewhat by the tough bendable grasses. They were not thin-stalked grasses like the ones upstream. These grass stalks were thick and spongy, and they didn’t break under his weight. They made an uncomfortable repository for the fallen Neanderthal, but he was grateful that he didn’t land on a rock. 
He decided to lie there rather than scramble back up and forge ahead. His eyes were burning from the tiny particles of mud that had been ground into them from the river. If he closed them, his eyelids ground the particles into his eyeballs. It was like rubbing sand into a wound. He tried to keep them open. Eventually, the constant blinking and involuntary crying lessened the sensation of burning. He rolled over on his side to cough out some water, but the pain from his banged and aching ribs forced him onto his back again. He stayed this way with his head slightly elevated by the tilt of the land. Mawthrag couldn’t see the sun over the tips of this strange grass. Its stalks were segmented, and it had thin branches, which fanned out from its main stalk almost like a tree. The thinner stalks supported leaves shaped like slim hands with skinny fingers. While these grasses hid his view of the sun, they did not block its light. Thankfully, he could feel the warmth, so he stayed there on his back. 
His body had been thoroughly beaten by the river and the earth. His mind turned to the thought that he was most definitely alone, not by choice, but because he had been rejected, pushed, beaten, and abandoned. His contemplation was broken by the need to cough up more water. He tapped the side of his head to clear his ear canals.
Every little effort seemed enormous. His body and finally his mind became calm as he lay on the unusual springy bed of grass. He wasn’t sure he was safe here, but since he couldn’t imagine anything else to do at this moment, he remained lying on his back looking up at the sky. The warmth of the sun soaked through his drenched and matted body hair and into his tough weatherworn skin. As he settled into this position, he turned his thoughts towards the muscles and bones inside his bruised body. He imagined the sun penetrating right through his skin and into these 
overstretched and traumatized areas. Some parts of his body throbbed with pain, and others relaxed into the grass and the ground. Mawthrag couldn’t do anything to stop the throbbing; he had to let it continue. At least his eyes were clear enough of mud that he could close them comfortably. The sun painted a brilliant red world on the inside of his eyelids. Under this canopy of red, Mawthrag fell asleep. Many lengths of shadow passed before he awoke. The sun had passed well over the tops of the grass. Without any familiar physical bearings to indicate where he might be, he was hesitant to leave the river’s edge. He walked parallel to the river in the direction of its current, while he searched for a suitable resting place. Despite an afternoon of rest, he was still exhausted from his gruelling ordeal in the river. There were no giant trees to rest under, and none of the rock structures were close enough to each other to make walls for an enclosure. However, there were the tall grasses. Some of them reached well over the Neanderthal’s head. The stalks on these grasses could be bent down to the ground and tied with lashings made from their stripped cores. 
The weather was warm enough to warrant not building a shelter, but Mawthrag felt more comfortable in this strange environment, building a makeshift hut of high grass. He managed to split some of the stems with a cracked stone and his teeth. With the strips he tore from the bigger grasses, he lashed several bent stalks together. It only took a few of these grasses bent over to make a bushy nest. He ripped some soft grass and turf from the ground to make a soft matting to sleep on. His body was bruised and gashed but not bleeding profusely. The throbbing of these numerous injuries occupied most of his thoughts. In the back of his mind, however, he wondered if there were Neanderthals on this side of the river. Further back in his mind was the hope that there were no skin people.
He stopped to admire his leafy tent. Mawthrag stroked the leaves. They were thin and long like the toes on a small tree frog’s foot. They smelled fresh. The stalks they grew on were segmented like the joints on his finger. Standing back, he could see the many fingers reaching out to each other over their spiny stems. It almost looked like a new animal, especially when the leaves sticking out of the main stalks swayed gently in the river breeze. That thought brought to mind the consideration that there might be other animals nearby. In his cursory scouting of the area, he hadn’t noticed any signs, and he imagined that the wicked current and sharp drop to the river would keep away all but the most intrepid or thirsty creatures. Mawthrag crouched down in front of his hut to watch, smell, and listen. 
The evening breeze brushed gently through the grasses. The river churned and lapped at the rocks as it rushed along, slapping at the jagged land’s edge. This rhythm was broken by a high-pitched cry from a flock of bats. There was probably a cave nearby. It was some cause for anxiety. The screeching bats passed by the Neanderthal’s shelter, circled around, and then continued down the river. Mawthrag watched the familiar erratic flight of the furry flying animals, their silhouettes moving across a waning moon.
Upstream, he knew that a variety of animals would be making their way to the water’s edge to drink. He wondered for a moment how far upstream that was. As he was straining to hear padded hooves or claws scrapping on rocks, he caught the sound of something else. It was a progressive rustling that sounded as if something was moving on its belly without making footsteps. Mawthrag tried to locate the direction of the sound. It was definitely getting closer. He could not smell it. To discourage it coming too close, he banged a couple of stones together sharply. The rustling stopped for several breaths. Mawthrag exhaled, and the rustling 
commenced. He inhaled, and it continued. He breathed in and out, transfixed by the sound. The creature continued to approach. As it parted the soft grass and slithered over the ground, Mawthrag tried to calculate its whereabouts. In the next breath, its head emerged from the grass screen.
 In the weak moonlight he could make out the light green markings along its robust body. It was a snake, but one unlike any he had seen. Its skin was like that of a river beast, but it was smooth like a frog. The snake was coloured much like the surrounding grass and rocks, dark green with red markings. Mawthrag remained silent. When the creature was satisfied that nothing was advancing towards him, he continued on his way. He seemed to give Mawthrag a glance as he slithered by, but it could have been the moon catching the metallic shine of his black eyes. He slithered slowly and confidently into the night. As the snake moved upstream, Mawthrag retreated into his hut and partially barricaded the entrance with broken grass. 
He found it difficult to relax on his multiple bruises and cuts, but fatigue eventually took over, and the Neanderthal fell asleep reassuring himself that if anything tried to break into his hut, he would hear it and wake up. He drifted off repeating that idea to himself – that he was safe and protected. When he had fallen asleep, his rest was so dark and deep that he saw and heard nothing, not even his own moans as he rolled over on his injured body. When he awoke, it was to the sounds of birds calling in the distance. Their cheerful greeting of the dawn, although distant, pierced his black murky dreams. Mawthrag opened his eyes. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN 

The sun was painting bright green colours on the leaves of the grass stalks. Mawthrag slowly uncurled himself and rolled out of his makeshift hut. Each muscle needed to be stretched and forced into action against its will. Each bone needed to have blood pumped into it before it would respond. Once the Neanderthal was completely vertical, he traced the short path he had made the previous day and took his bruised body down to the river to get a drink. The mist was rising as he cautiously dipped one hand into the cool river. Mindful of the force that raged underneath the relatively smooth surface of the water, Mawthrag kept a firm grip on the land with his other hand. When he was satisfied, he sat on the bank and looked across the divide to the other side. There was no dry summer’s end grass, no gnarled trees, and no huge chunks of rock. There was no sign of a shore worn down by animal hooves and paws and no river beasts waiting patiently nearby. He had no idea how far he had come. 
Across the river, he saw rising through the mist, more of the tall grasses that surrounded him. They rose up so high that he couldn’t see beyond them. He had no idea if they stretched all the way to the edge of the valley, or if they stopped abruptly past his line of vision. 
He remembered moments in the past when the Neanderthals had travelled to the woodlands. In his mind, he could see the birds that came in huge flocks to breed and build nests. He remembered the feeling of a tiny bird struggling in his hands after he had caught it. The Neanderthals ate many small animals while they were in the valley. Birds and rodents were abundant. They were the main source of food. But it wasn’t the joy of spearing a ground dweller or one of the many birds he recalled, nor the satisfaction of being rewarded by the elders for contributing to the tribal food lot, it was the sense of relief he felt opening his hands and letting the bird go that he remembered most clearly. He remembered the throbbing of its breast as he held it in his hands just the way he could now feel his own blood throbbing from the cuts and bruises. To soothe the pain, he laid his palms on the cool dew-covered grass underfoot.
Mawthrag pushed his fingers into the young grass sprouts and could feel the soft earth underneath. He pressed into the ground, pulled up a clump of grass, and turned it over to see the roots. They were much like the roots of the short grasses where he came from. The earth looked different, though. It was darker and softer. As he rolled it around over his fingertips, he felt the dampness in the soil. Holding it out from his body and holding it up against the morning sky, he evaluated its colour. It was dark like the night sky just before the sun set. He could detect a hint of red ochre in its composition, and as he turned it slowly, tiny flecks of mica caught the oblique sunlight and sent out little glimmers. Mawthrag rotated the earth ball this way and that, studying its every reaction to the light, noticing how the shady side was pitch like coal, and how the earth on the sunny side was rich in red and deepest brown. Spindly ivory-coloured roots and flakes of other material caught the light like stars in the night sky. 
In his imagination, the strands of grass sticking out through his fingers were huge trees, and the soil open plains where deer might roam. Holding it very still, he could see mist rising from the clump, as the cool moisture in the soil evaporated in the sun. Mawthrag brought the clump to his nose to smell it. Under everything that grows, he thought, is this amazing earth. 
Near the shore of the river from where he came, the earth was lighter coloured. He cast his mind back to the smell of the earth from across the river. When the weather was dry, the earth from up river rose in clouds when the animals pounded the ground. It would get up your nostrils and leave a paste in your mouth. You would smack your tongue and lick your arm trying to get rid of the taste. When the soil was wet, it was thick and sticky. At the right consistency, you could leave an impression of your foot or hand in it. In certain parts of the country, Mawthrag collected this earth for paint.
He smelled the new earth ball again. He drew back his arm and threw the clump into the river. It disappeared, and Mawthrag stood watching the opposite side of the river, now longing for his old life. He remembered Kuup laughing in his strange cackling way, and he remembered how they had crouched by the fire mixing their paints with the same earth they walked on. He remembered how they had made wall paintings so that his tribe could reflect on their accomplishments and so that the spirits of their most successful hunts could live again. He remembered also how he had tried to explain that the stories and experiences could be simplified into lines and carried out of the cave. 
The lines could give speech to those without tongues. The lines could travel for many lengths and be opened up and revealed to others. The lines could take the events of one moment, like the birth of a child, and transport it into another moment. They did not need to have a Neanderthal to explain the event. The lines had their own voice.
 His idea had become lost in the excitement and tribal turbulence inside the cave. His eagerness had run ahead of him that day. His mind had become clouded with all the expectations he had for these line markings. Mawthrag was reminded of the chaotic current that churned under the river’s surface. 
He thought about the swiftness of the skin men. The skin men had taken to the line drawings like cunning predators. Mawthrag could envisage them somewhere on the other side of the river. They had taken it. They would teach it. They would expand it. He thought back to how the skin man had studied the faces of the Neanderthals with something that went beyond curiosity.
 Was it a hunter’s eye, an eye to claim something and use for his own purposes? The only certainty was that the skin men could hunt and kill Neanderthals. Mawthrag walked methodically through the new terrain. There were no signs of Neanderthals or skin men. It was untouched. He turned his back to the small encampment and surveyed the remains of everything that had made it across the river with him. One tattered cat skin sewn at the side with leather thongs was all he had. The skin man had taken everything else. If he hadn’t, though, the river would have. It would have ripped his brushes and their pouch from their usual resting place and crushed them into unrecognizable pieces on the rocks. He tried to shake off that thought. 
Mawthrag surveyed the land for his best option. In his immediate line of vision, he could see patches of fruit-bearing bushes, growing here and there in between the grasses. Perhaps the berries were edible. Unfortunately, he could not identify them. They were similar to the black soft fruits found upstream, but he was hesitant. There were consequences to eating untried food, but he felt he had no choice given the circumstances. After consuming a couple of fistfuls, he noticed that the number of these bushes increased further away from the shore. He stood perfectly still and tried to detect any pains or cramps that had resulted from eating the strange fruit. There was a bitter aftertaste in his mouth. 
Otherwise, the only pains he could feel were the dull aches from his river-beaten body.  He gave one look back towards the river. It was now hiding behind a screen of the tall bendable grass. Mawthrag turned his back on it. He pushed the tall grasses back here and there as he followed the shorter bushes, and as he did so, he realized that there was something else on the horizon that he hadn’t noticed the night before. 
Why hadn’t he noticed it before? Perhaps it had been shrouded in mist or obscured by the grass. Perhaps his eyes were so tired he couldn’t focus. Perhaps the huge flocks of birds had masked it. Regardless, now he stood still and wondered at it. 
There, through the grasses was a huge outthrust of land, stretching high towards the sky. Mawthrag had no word for mountain, and it was unlike anything he had seen before. On the other side of the river, he had known high cliffs with flat tops and huge chunks of rocks piled up at their base, but this was like comparing a scavenger dog to a mammoth. It was broad at the base, and it tapered off to a point at the top. Even from a distance, he could feel its great size. Right from the base, to near the top, it was lush with greenery. He could make out the shapes of trees mushrooming out from its sides. Trying to judge the perspective and distance, Mawthrag imagined the trees must be huge. In parts of the mountain, closer to the top, he could see the vegetation was more sparse, and some grey rock face was exposed in patches where the trees or whatever vegetation was up there, receded. The greenery undulated with the terrain of the mountain, ebbing and swelling where it dipped and rose.
Near the top of the mountain, clouds had gathered and appeared to be grazing back and forth like giant sky beasts feeding on the mountain. They were drawn to the summit like animals to a watering hole. After watching the clouds moving gently near the summit for a while, Mawthrag formed the impression that the mountain was breathing. As the clouds blew slowly across the sky, he imagined that it wasn’t just breathing; it was also calling to him. The other side was finally calling to him.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Mawthrag returned to the taller grasses to collect some brushwood that he could use for tools. He broke off a nice long piece of the stiff segmented grass to take with him as a probe or a weapon. The thicker stalks of this grass were remarkably strong. He also took several smaller pieces that he thought might make good brushes. Once he had his walking stick and his brush staffs, he turned his back on river and started off. He hadn’t gone more than twenty paces when he started to laugh. How easy it was to just turn his back. He had been through such upheaval in the past few sunrises. Now he was not dwelling on his hardship but was actually excited about going somewhere. Not running from something and not wandering, but going towards something. To a place he had seen in the distance.
Was it because he was tired of being scared or was it because he couldn’t be scared anymore? As Mawthrag walked he considered his fear. There were many things to be afraid of, carnivorous animals, armed bipeds, raging rivers, fire sticks from the sky, poisonous insects, and as he had learned recently, there was offending your tribe or sharing your thoughts with a stranger. The last two were definitely the most disturbing of his fears. The other kinds of fright were to be expected. It was a matter of what was predictable, and what was not. Even though you didn’t expect to get gored by a mammoth when you were trying to bring it down, you understood that it was a possibility. In the same way you knew that when clouds gathered and darkened the sky, and when the winds blew fierce, and rain pelted the earth, a storm was your enemy. Thunder would shake everything from sky to ground, and sharp fire sticks would strike randomly as the storm careened over the land, rending huge trees from their roots and splitting immovable rocks into shards. These things were inevitable. However, who would have imagined that his idea about markings at the cave would start him on a journey that would lead him into contact with a treacherous skin man and then on to win a challenge with the perilous river? He had thought it would turn out differently. Mawthrag stopped.
Perhaps that was why he wasn’t afraid. It was because he was alone and far away from the confusion. Mawthrag had only one life to be concerned about – his own. He was a lone cat, concerned only with putting one paw in front of the next. Thinking like this, he covered a lot of ground, and only when he felt a pang of fatigue in his legs did he stop to survey his surroundings. The tall grasses were receding, and the trees, some with wildly curled branches and leaves that hung down like dripping water, were getting larger. 
Mawthrag was near the base of the mountain. He could still see the mountain, but the trees were beginning to shroud his view. Its imposing outline was partially hidden from this perspective. He would have to start marking his course by the sun and the stars, if the sky stayed clear, and also by the incline of the terrain. Standing in the shadow of the mountain, he could feel the ground starting to slope up under his feet. 
He was alone. There was no one to share this experience with. Instead of his former joy at being alone, Mawthrag had the sensation that a force was pulling him down from the inside, the same way the river had furiously clutched and grabbed him from its depths. As the pain seized him, he recalled his loneliness when Kuup died in the river, the same cruel river that had just carried him to a new land and life. Then he thought of the carnivorous river creatures. To Mawthrag, the death of his friend was an enormous loss but to them, Kuup’s body had been life giving. One death allowed another to live. Mawthrag shook his head – Kuup had been  Mawthrag’s friend.  
Mawthrag slowed his pace.If he allowed himself to be slowed down because of his heavy thoughts, he would soon stop moving entirely. And to dwell on remorse, revenge, or grief was a luxury that could cost him his life. He remembered the leaf that drifted safely on the top of the river – it travelled with the current, but it remained out of the reach of the terrible undertow. Mawthrag had to float like the leaf. He concentrated on this and the pain in his body as he padded over the soft plants and mosses of the forest floor.The pain moved up to his head, and the headache connected the gnawing in his stomach to a growing hunger. His thoughts turned to finding food. Now the differences in the landscape posed a problem. Many of the plants he didn’t recognize.   He hadn’t seen an animal worth eating, other than the snake and, even if he did see something else, he had no weapons to catch it with. In this way he was like a child. The young Neanderthals were encouraged, while waiting to do their part in the hunt, or while plodding along on a journey, to hunt and eat grubs. In all his experience, Mawthrag could not recall coming across a poisonous grub. There were several hideously poisonous insects that he could identify with certainty, although he wasn’t sure if their offspring were inedible. The risk of consuming a poisonous grub, he reasoned, was minimal, and if it was poison, the result was simple. He would die. Mawthrag laughed at this thought and began scouring the ground for rotten wood.
In no time, he came upon a fallen tree covered with soft moss and fungus. The fungus closely resembled a mushroom that the female Neanderthals of his old tribe collected. Unsure though, he left the white puffy mushrooms alone and lifted a broken slab of decayed wood from the fallen trunk. The underside of the wood was teeming with pale-segmented larva, squirming with their sudden exposure to sunlight. Mawthrag sniffed at them. The wood exuded a comforting scent of earthy damp. It smelled of trees after a good rain. The grubs themselves smelled like living earth. Individually, they were no bigger than his smallest fingernail, so it was with some difficulty that he extracted one specimen from the mass. When he had one between his worn scarred fingers, he considered how its freshness and unblemished skin contrasted with his own. He sniffed it once more, licked it, and swallowed the grub whole. Mawthrag paused as it slid down his throat. As he concentrated on this experience, he imagined he could feel the grub wriggling as the muscles in his throat pushed it towards his stomach. 
Standing still, he turned his thoughts to the activity of this grub now losing itself somewhere inside his chest cavity. He had seen stomachs in slaughtered mammals. Once a hunting party he was with had discovered the head of a small scavenger dog inside the stomach of a cat – chewed up and almost unrecognizable but for its distinctive jaw..  Now he imagined this larva resting somewhere in his own stomach. He didn’t feel poisoned at all. His breath came, his fingers moved, his eyes could still see. In gratitude, he thanked the decayed log and cleared it of grubs, shovelling them, sometimes with small bits of moss and wood attached, into his mouth. 
Almost directly beside the rotten tree, he noticed the leaves of plant that grew edible tubers. He pulled up the stem to reveal the familiar sunset colours of the common tuber. He pulled them all up by their spindle stems and wiped the ones he wanted to eat immediately on the moist moss. They were crunchy and sweet. As he chewed, he could feel the juices releasing into his mouth. It was as good as fresh water from a cool stream. He squatted, deciding to sit here on the log while he ate several of the tubers. They weren’t actually roots, he mused. They grew more like beans or fruit from the stem. He examined one as he chewed the fibrous vegetable. This wonderful life-giving food hid under the earth for its entire life. Was it giving life to its leaves above the ground, or were they supporting the tuber? Either way, both the tubers and the grubs were supporting him now. He stroked the earth with his hand, thanking it for its support, and rose to straighten his back. Arching and stretching, he prepared to continue, the remaining tubers stuffed in the rag of skin tied around his waist. 
He looked up to the sky, peering through the trees. The sun was now at its midday position. The mountaintop was still visible, but the trees were much taller now, and their branches were reaching towards one another. Just ahead, he could see that the trees had woven their branches together, forming a canopy that separated the ground and the sky. Under this green roof, Mawthrag would have to make his way to the mountain. It was not a flat roof – it ebbed and flowed like rolling water, telling him that his route did not go directly up the mountain. So he would not be able to tell by the ground’s slope whether he was going towards the mountain. He studied the scene before him. As long as he could see the sun, he would walk towards the rising sun and keep the setting sun at his back. 
As he walked over this ground, covered in bright patches of green soft plants and decaying fallen trees, Mawthrag wondered if the river overfilled her banks this far up. The vegetation showed the signs of wear that soaking in water would cause. He was glad to be moving away from the river. As he surveyed the scenery ahead of him and the ground underneath his feet, he began to gravitate towards a thicket of darker green trees. He paused to examine an unusual plant hanging like algae sludge from the tree branches. Following these vines deeper into the forest, Mawthrag became aware of a little stream that emerged from under rocks and roots of trees. He paused to drink. 
The water was so cold it startled him. The air around was warm, and his body was feeling the heat of exertion. He let the clear water run over his fingers and palms before he cupped them to take a sip. This water was unlike anything he had tasted. It was as fresh as rain, free of dust and leaf mould, yet as he washed it over his tongue, he imagined he could taste something of the earth in it. It wasn’t the mucky taste of earth trampled by animals or the taste even of decomposing trees, which was what he had expected. Its taste was comparable to the water that dripped from inside the cave near the waterfall. This water was coming from the mountain, thought Mawthrag.
Mawthrag crouched down to sniff the tiny trickle of water. He could smell the moss at the base of the tree root from under which this little stream was emerging, and he could smell the minerals it had distilled from the mountain rock. He could also smell something else. An animal had been here recently, most likely a cat. Probably it was here just before sunrise, as most cats were nocturnal. The hairs along his back instantly shivered, and although he knew to expect other animals, he always dreaded the ones that stalked you. He made a cursory survey of the area for footprints. He found a few, and they fit the profile of a cat large enough to kill an unarmed Neanderthal with little difficulty. 
With the exception of the act of cave painting, there were not many moments when a Neanderthal like Mawthrag wasn’t thinking about killing something to eat or about defending himself from something that wanted to eat him. He was pleased that he had not come across any signs of skin people on this side of the river. 
However, he was reminded by the scent of the cat that he could become vulnerable to other predators, with a single misstep or an inattentive moment. Mawthrag finished drinking and headed into the forest. Cats hunted at night, and he had a good day’s worth of travel ahead of him before he would have to seek shelter. 
As the canopy closed in over his head, the ground became knotted with plants, roots, and rocks, woven together by the veins of water that broke through the forest floor here and there. The hanging vines were woven from one tree to the next, and their dark green waxy leaves marked the Neanderthal’s winding route up the mountain. Where the tiny rivers or creeks were running, there were many loose stones and the footing was unsure, but at least it was mostly clear of thick vegetation. Mawthrag tried to stay on the rocks and away from the tangle.
 It was difficult to tell how far he had gone now that the forest had closed behind him. There was no looking back to see the river receding in the distance, and with the canopy overhead, it was even difficult to determine exactly where the sun was. He judged the approximate location of the sun by the shadows it cast where its rays broke through the canopy. Pausing to watch the light’s dappling effect on a sapling, Mawthrag figured it was several lengths of time before sunset.
 He continued at a steady pace, crouching to fit underneath low branches and tangles of vine, unfolding his body to negotiate over fallen trees and moss covered rocks. He was reminded of his injuries as he stumbled over slippery roots and as branches scraped across his bruised muscles. The pain was becoming habitual, however, and since it wasn’t debilitating, Mawthrag endured it. 
He concentrated on trying to follow the rocky stream through the forest. Once, he lost track of the little watercourse as it disappeared under a giant root, and he was forced to press forward and upward, hoping it would emerge within eyesight. In some places, the vegetation was so thick that it created an impassable physical and visual barrier. In these places, he had to find small weaknesses in the weave of vines and branches, ripping and pushing his way through. At other times, he noticed spaces between the plants, and was able to make his way successfully uphill. The high branches of the trees created cave-like spaces. Their walls and roofs were leaves and branches, and their floors were plants and flowers.  
At this point, the ebbs and gullies he had noticed from the river, as mild undulations of colour, the same undulations that he had seen again at the start of the forest canopy, were huge obstacles in terms of making his way upward. Several times, the Neanderthal lost the creek entirely, staggering over his own feet when the incline suddenly changed to a sharp slope down. The confusion of roots, rocks, and leaves was much more difficult to negotiate on a descent. Mawthrag could feel the strain on his knees as he tried to balance his body to prevent a potentially bone-breaking fall. In one minor slip and subsequent tumble, he lost most of the segmented sticks he had carried from the river down a narrow crevasse. The crevasse was completely hidden from view until he was directly on top of it. It was so narrow that he could not have fallen through it, but he could have easily wedged a leg or an arm between the rock faces. The thick roots growing over the crevasse acted like threads sewing up the hole in the mountain. Thankfully, they were substantial enough to hold his weight.
He had fallen to the lowest part of the gulley, though, and had to climb back up by using the tree roots as a ladder. The scramble took him clear of the hollow and back onto what he hoped was the real ascent. He followed the sound of dripping water to where the creek had also fallen into the gulley and continued tracing it upward. The forest was sparser around the rocky stream, and in places, it opened up to create forest caves, with walls of giant trees and hanging vines. 
He paused in one of these forest caves and sat down on a moss-covered rock. Spears of light pierced the canopy overhead and filled the area like a myriad of transparent grass stalks. A breeze somewhere at the top of the canopy gently rearranged the leaves, causing the stalks of light to move in response. Except for the light, nothing was moving in the cave. The light played over the still rocks and motionless plants, emphasizing the shadows and the deep greens and greys. The forest was quiet except for the tranquil gurgling of the slim stream passing over the rocks. The sudden flight of a large moth through a stalk of light caused Mawthrag to catch his breath. The erratic path of the insect, as it went up and down and in and out of light and shadow, appeared irrational. As it moved randomly, Mawthrag watched its colour change from deep red to light orange, depending on whether its wings caught the shadow or the light. The yellow-orange colour and the angle of the light suggested to the Neanderthal that the sun was setting. 
He reached his hand into one of the light rays and noticed how the colour of his skin and hair changed from sandy and dark brown, to orange and reddish brown. In this light, each hair appeared to be a different shade of brown. One or two of the hairs were yellow, like a small cat’s body fur. The others were much darker, like a deer’s fur. Like him, the sun was a painter – it changed the colour and shape of the world as it moved across the sky. To match this yellow, he would need an ochre pigment from the plain, and to match that red, he would need a hue from under a cliff stone. Black of charcoal could make a shadow, but no brush he had ever held would bring out the detail and intricacy of colour that the sun spears created in the forest.  Soon night would envelope everything, and the colours would be barely discernable from one another. Mawthrag noticed that animals were stirring – the sounds penetrated the forest-cave walls. While some were beginning to make their beds for the evening, others were preparing to hunt. Mawthrag liked the space where he was and set about building a makeshift shelter against the trunk of a huge broad-leafed tree. He made a foray to get a drink of water and some roots and nuts to eat, but was back in time to set up his camp before the forest turned pitch black. 
His body was exhausted, but his mind drifted away from sleep and to thoughts about the large cat that he knew was roaming somewhere near the creek. He had not seen any recent marks. There were no broken branches, scrapings, or scat. The fact that he had not encountered anything other than the smell of the cat did not preclude the presence of other large animals, but the cat was most likely here, deep in the woods. What would a cat look like on this side of the river? What were its habits? Mawthrag knew of cats who hunted in packs and of others, the large slash-tooth cats, who hunted alone. But he had the impression that a pack would have left many more markings. This cat, he concluded, was on his own, perhaps hunting for animals which had come down from the trees or up out of their holes.  
Mawthrag had observed no signs of huge roaming herds of animals. The ground was barely negotiable, and hooves would be caught and broken on the slippery rocks and twisted tree roots. The forest seemed a solitary place. There were no patches of vegetation which had been denuded by chewing or gnawing, and there were no flattened areas where large groups had trodden everything underfoot. He turned his head and sniffed the night air. He could smell the water, and the plants, and some fungus. Mawthrag was still. Something that lived up in the trees had been chattering, while likely building its nest for the night, and it was now quiet as well. 
The forest was dark and silent, until you listened closely. Something small was walking on or under a pile of fallen leaves. A burrowing animal sniffed at the evening air and scratched at the ground. Mawthrag could hear it, but he couldn’t smell it. From atop the canopy, the rustling of leaves and branches filtered through to the forest floor. Somewhere up there, a breeze was blowing. Mawthrag tried to discern from their rustling how far away the swaying branches were from the forest floor. Suddenly, the calm was broken by a cacophony of screeches, as bats emerged from a nearby resting place. They spread out into the night to hunt for insects. Following their raucous passing, the forest was still again. Then Mawthrag heard leaves rustling. It was the smooth constant sound of a slithering animal, likely a snake. It was somewhere nearby, shifting the decay as it moved over the ground. The rustling headed off towards the creek and disappeared. 
It was pointless to try and stay awake all night to defend himself against what might emerge. If anything came too close, he would hear it. Mawthrag constructed a nest of broken twigs around him. Anything that disturbed the twigs would disturb his sleep. He drifted off, with his right hand resting on a pile of rocks.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Mawthrag’s eyes opened as the early rays of sunlight touched the sky. His first thought was relief at being alive and his second was to get water. This day was similar to the preceding one. His plan was simply to go up the mountain. He only paused in his ascent to drink, to eat, and to rest. Under the canopy, he couldn’t see the mountaintop – he could only feel his way up its slope. This continued to be hard going because of the thick vegetation and was most difficult where a tree had fallen. Where a mighty arbour had gone down, every plant imaginable had sprung up, growing in and around it. They struggled against one another for the precious light made available in the absence of tree top branches. In such places, the forest floor was thick with stems and leaves muscling against each other for space, light, and water. The most successful plants outstretched the others in the competition for sunlight. 
The Neanderthal judged it to be midday when he paused at the edge of a thicket caused by the recent collapse of a massive tree. The opening caused by the downed tree was marked at the edges by the striving branches of a variety of plants. They reached into the light, cold fingers stretched over a fire trying to absorb every measure of warmth possible. The sun wasn’t visible, but as Mawthrag moved into the light, he could feel its intense heat. It must be a fire. The sun must be a huge fire burning up in the sky.
Mawthrag craned his neck trying to see over the treetops. The mountain peak was nowhere in sight. Struck by curiosity more than an absolute need to see where he was going, Mawthrag decided to try climbing one of the giant trees to get a better view. There were no branches to grab onto at his level, but there were thick snake-like vines. Where the sun glanced the side of one tree, a resplendent vine was surging up toward the canopy. Its sinuous trunk was as thick as the Neanderthal’s wrist. He pulled at it to see how well it was affixed to its tree host. The vine held fast against his pulling, so Mawthrag started his climb. Although somewhat awkward, scaling the tree proved easy. 
When he was at least twice his own height off the ground, he noticed the nature of the forest had changed. The air seemed thinner, and there was more breathing space for plants. He could smell something sweet. Climbing awkwardly around the tree trunk on the twisted vine, he came upon a clutch of round orange fruit. Reaching out to grab one, he nearly fell, but regaining his balance, he managed to loosen the fruit and pluck it. He brought it close to his nose for inspection. Its surface was smooth, and to his tongue, it was quite flavourless, but he could smell the flesh inside. An unknown vegetable or fruit is a reason for caution. Certain plants are known to be deadly, and their description is passed on, down through generations of Neanderthals who may encounter them. There was no such wisdom available to Mawthrag at the moment. 
Even though these fruits had likely been growing here for many lifetimes, he was experiencing them for the first time. He was a child who had strayed and discovered something new. He plunged his teeth into the skin. The sweet juice filled his mouth, and its soft flesh touched his tongue. Mawthrag peeled back the skin with his teeth and ate the juicy orange fruit, discarding the tough bitter skin. After several mouthfuls, he realized this fruit had long fibres that were sticking between his teeth. As he scraped his teeth along the large pip, more fibres pushed their way between his cuspids. He couldn’t get the irritating threads out. There was nothing to be done about it at the moment. He needed all his fingers for grasping the tree and the vine. 
Moving further up the tree, Mawthrag could see through the canopy. The branches and leaves still impaired his vision, but as he craned his neck, he caught a glimpse of what lay beyond. Suddenly, the sun hit him full in the face. He had to turn away from its piercing light. When he looked again, over the top of the tree, he could see the mountain peak. The rock at the peak was cool grey. He noticed slashes of white painted across the tops of the highest crags and dripping down into crevasses. The peak looked to be completely devoid of any vegetation. The prospect of finding a cave there was good.
The sun was rapidly baking the back of his head, so Mawthrag began his descent. He paused on the way down to collect some of the fibrous orange fruit. If he hadn’t dropped dead from eating the first one by nightfall, he would consume the rest. As Mawthrag got closer to the ground, the air became cooler and damper. It was hot and steamy in places, but as the heat filtered through the web of leaves, branches, flowers, fruits, and insects, it was softened. It lacked the harshness of the direct exposure he had just experienced at the top of the canopy. Mawthrag rubbed the back of his head.
He cooled himself in the stream. As the burning melted away, so did some of his enthusiasm. Up to now, he had been travelling through the forest almost effortlessly, floating like the leaf on the river. But now, perhaps because he had broken from his rhythm on the forest floor, he began thinking again of life as it was before. 
Mawthrag had been chosen to apprentice as a cave painter. He had shown very early that he had ability. He also had a disconcerting stare. In fact, he stared too much. And he dreamt during the day. He looked inside others to find their story. He was a problem. In a tribe, there was usually room for each Neanderthal to express his or her ability. Only when there were too many with competing interests were there problems. Or, mused Mawthrag, when one tribe member focused too much on one thing. He thought of Gorky, with his need to be at the front of everything, and the disharmony that resulted. But in a tribe there was always someone who pushed to the front. Even he had been guilty of that – with his line markings.
Mawthrag sat on a rock staring at the few spears of light that managed to pierce the canopy. He had to push his way up the mountain on his own. He was competing with no other. He worked only with the environment around him. Mawthrag had never known a life without Neanderthals, spears, and fire. Now he was without any of these. He tapped his remaining grass stalk on a rock. The tapping reminded him of drumming, and the drumming reminded him of Neanderthals sitting around the fire telling stories. 
The story-telling ranged from tales of strange births to descriptions of various hunts. Mawthrag loved to hear the stories of how each Neanderthal was born. Where the tribe was, how the sun, the moon, and the stars were positioned, and what position the baby was when it left the womb – these were all details Mawthrag enjoyed hearing. Gorky had been born feet first, which meant fast runner but small thinker. Mawthrag had been born at night during a new moon. It meant starting fresh, his mother told him. Also he had been born in the early season when plants are coming up from seed and birds lay their eggs. It is an auspicious time. But a child born at night is more likely to be the prey of nocturnal animals. So they said, and so Mawthrag never slept well. 
He kept tapping on the rock. The stories were better than the cave paintings because they could be shared anytime and by everyone. The cave paintings remained hidden most of the time. Around the fire and while walking on the hunt, Mawthrag liked to sing and share stories. The birth stories were his personal favourite, but some of the most popular tales in the tribe were about death.
The most peculiar tales of death were the ones involving random acts that could only be explained as being directed from the other world. Being gored by a mammoth or being eaten alive by a bear, falling off a cliff or dying in childbirth were all considered everyday risks. However, being struck by lightning, swept away during a wild windstorm, or being blinded by a blackening of the sun were all fates from beyond. 
Cave painting was the Neanderthal display to this other world. Since there was no way of seeking revenge with it, the way you could with a cat by hunting it down, they expressed their attitude through the cave. The Neanderthals left the marks of their most courageous interactions with the present world as a sign that they were disciplined, brave, and worthy of being spared misfortune.
Perhaps the paintings had helped avert some disasters, and they had certainly helped guide Neanderthal spirits into the other world, but to Mawthrag the paintings remained inert if they stayed in the caves. That was the advantage of the lines. They were mobile, they could tell the same story on a leather canvas, and they could be taken it anywhere. He stopped tapping.
He had broken the rule about never taking cave pictures outside the cavern. And he had stared too much and for too long. He had initiated the sequence of events that had brought about the demise of the tribe. Was there a force that could exact revenge on him? Or had he already paid that price by being banished to the other side of the river? 
He stopped to inspect the stick, running his fingers over the stalk and the bumps that divided it into segments. He held it close to his face. Mawthrag could feel his breath bending around the stick. Not far from his face, his breath disturbed a few strands of a spider’s broken web. It swayed back and forth as he inhaled and exhaled. 
He must have sat there for a long time, because he noticed that the light spears had grown slanted. Mawthrag started up the mountain again. His line markings had left the cave, he had escaped death at the hands of the skin people, and he had crossed and survived the river. If the other world was directing him in any way, he reasoned that it was so he, the Neanderthal born under the new moon, could continue.
The rest of the day passed in a seamless series of movements. The ups and downs of the terrain did not put any undue strain on his body, and he was able to focus on the movements of his feet and hands as he fought his way through the rutted forest. The orange fruit had not poisoned him, and his wounds were slowly healing. At nightfall, as he built a nest around himself, he sang the songs that Neanderthal children sing on the long marches between camps. He slept easily. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Mawthrag woke to the sound of shuffling leaves near his feet. He quickly drew his knees up to his chest and then righted himself to investigate. He pulled back some debris and uncovered a giant beetle rolling what looked like another beetle across the ground. It stopped when its protective cover was removed, and the ball it was rolling uncurled, revealing another beetle of the same species. The two shiny black invertebrates jumped at each other, and with crab-like claws, started pinching each other fiercely. Mawthrag carefully put his hands down and grabbed each beetle by the abdomen. He gently pulled them apart. Now they flailed the air with their claws and arched their bodies, trying to break free. Mawthrag considered them for a while and released them in separate directions. They ambled off. Mawthrag went to the stream.
While drinking, he reflected on the beetles. Insects did not show any variation between individuals in the same species. Everything about them was identical, their shape, colour, even their faces. Unlike the fur covered creatures or even the stones with teeth, which were eerily similar to one another, all insects had the same blank expression. The beetles’ two big round eyes were expressionless in their vacant faces. Yet it was possible to see their intent by studying their actions. They scurried away from danger, and they fought for survival – there was fear and desire. 
Mawthrag suddenly wanted to find the beetles. He looked under the pile of fallen leaves and shreds of bark, he overturned stones, and he sat still and listened, but he could not find them. He stood up to survey the forest. The beetles had gone. Mawthrag resumed his ascent. The air was noticeably warmer today, even though the sun was not making its way through the canopy. Greyness was mixed in with the green of the forest. The weather had changed overnight, which could mean anything from an overcast day to a gathering storm. The canopy hid the full scope of the picture, and without being able to check the clouds, it was difficult for Mawthrag to assess how the weather was turning. In wide-open areas, it was easy to see storm clouds gathering, or to see how much moonlight you would get on a given night.  But in the forest, he had to look for more subtle changes. 
Mawthrag cautiously advanced, not sure if it was going to rain and wondering if it did rain, how much water would make it directly from the sky down to the forest floor. The water would drip from leaves to twigs and branches and then down the tree trunks. Probably the drips would gather on the tips of leaves and roll together until they were too heavy to stay there. 
It was getting noticeably darker. He kept moving up the mountain. Mawthrag heard the distinct sound of drops hitting the canopy. He stopped to listen. He could hear the far-off sound of contact at the top of the canopy, but there were also many layers of sound as the drops filtered through the trees and vines. Now the first drops hit the forest floor with a gentle tap, falling from the lowest branch onto the mossy ground. Off to his left, he could hear the clear sound of water drops hitting the small stream. He closed his eyes. Even in the dark, just by listening, he could sense the depth of the forest and hear its variety of textures. 
Mawthrag opened his eyes when the rain started to run down his cheeks. He continued up the mountain, moving more slowly, and listening to his footsteps and the rain as he went. Muffled through the rain and the forest, he heard distant rolling thunder. At this point, the rain was no longer simply a replenishing shower. It now brought the prospect of random danger from the other world. Thunder danger was not the predictable danger that a Neanderthal encountered when in combat with another animal. In those cases, the danger was limited to a series of moves that creature could inflict. Each creature had its own level of strength and agility, and both of these were calculable. There was always some option for defence, using your hands, feet, or spear, or even throwing a rock from a distance.
Thunder and lightning were adversaries well beyond the realm of Neanderthal defence. No one ever knew when or where they would strike. The only clue the Neanderthals had to the approach of danger was the sound of the thunder. As it grew louder, the chances of being struck increased, and as the time between the flash and the bang grew shorter, the chances of being hit increased again. The top of the canopy lit up, and Mawthrag started to lift each one of his fingers in slow succession, waiting for the sound. He had only held up one when the thunder shook the mountain. A possible strike was very close, not much father away than the stream. In a situation like this, when there was no cave to hide in, and everything around you posed a danger, it made no sense to stop. Every tree could be a target, and the flash of lightning could split any rock. 
Where such power came from, Mawthrag was afraid to imagine. It was one of the elements on the other side of the cave painting. It came from an unknowable place. But perhaps not, thought Mawthrag, as the thunder shook the trees and resounded off the mountain. Perhaps it was a part of this world, just like the cruel but necessary behaviour of the river beasts. Still, as Mawthrag slowly plodded through the damp dark forest, he knew if the lightning struck, he would never be able to predict what it might hit. He imagined the sound of two giant mammoths crashing into one another.  
Mawthrag stopped to listen to the thunder. It shook the trees and vibrated through the ground. He could feel it up through the bottoms of his feet. He put his hand on a tree trunk to steady himself, so that he could move again through the gloom. As another thunderclap shook the earth, he felt it through the tree and in the palm of his hand. Huge drops of water fell on him. Mawthrag moved away from the tree and stood underneath a thicket of vines that formed some protection from the rain, if not the thunder or the lightning. As he sat crouched with his hands wrapped around his knees, he looked up to the sky as he had come to know it in the past few days. His canopy-sky was green with leaves, and the rain fell from them, not from grey clouds. He released his hands for a moment, planting his walking stick in the ground. 
If other animals were moving, they couldn’t be heard. The only sound was water dripping and water filling the stream, followed by the resonance of thunder. He was a rock, indistinguishable from the other brown and grey moss-covered humps being soaked under the canopy. He was content to be so. Mawthrag was continuous with the ground. The vines above his head formed an unassuming cave. Water was still getting through, but not in the handfuls being dumped by the large branches. As the thunder shook the ground, Mawthrag watched the plant stalks vibrate. The thunder was a giant mammoth charging into the side of the mountain. When it struck, a resounding shudder went through everything, and a shower of water was dumped on the earth. Everything on the mountain was shaken to its core.
Mawthrag was suddenly jarred from his stable crouching position. The trees around him lit up in a white flash that was followed immediately by an enormous crack. He started up, but was knocked down by a powerful explosion. A huge tree had been hit, and the sound of its trunk splitting, cracked through every fibre in the forest. The incredible sound split through the heavy veil of rain. Mawthrag could hear the branches crashing through the canopy, dragging the vines attached to them down to the forest floor. 
The strike must have been close. In the complex interwoven canopy, the vibration of the shattering trunk travelled across the branches and vines, and a massive downpour was shaken from the trees, as they strained against the pull of the falling giant. When the echo of the strike subsided, the thunder could be heard moving away from the mountain, perhaps across the river. The rain was falling more gently now, and the disturbed vegetation began settling on the forest floor.
It was instinct to go and see what damage a lightning strike had done. Sometimes remarkable things were revealed in split rocks and burnt trees. Occasionally the tree would still be on fire, and a Neanderthal could kindle his own bonfire from the smouldering remnants. Mawthrag pulled up his walking stick and headed up the mountain to where he thought the strike had taken place. 
Thunder was still shaking the mountain farther away. The giant mammoths were retreating. The heaviest rain clouds were dragged away with them. Mawthrag could not see the damage, and he strained to hear crackling or falling branches. The dense forest had completely absorbed all sounds, except for the storm moving off in the distance. Mawthrag stopped to smell the air for clues as to where the strike had occurred. A smouldering branch, exposed rock, or disturbed roots that might have been unearthed from the ground. He was struggling in the damp, when he heard a familiar cry – a small child in pain. He rushed forward, following the call.
As he neared the sound of the child’s cry, he found the tree that had fallen. The felling of the tree had created a small opening in the canopy, and even though the revealed sky was a dull grey, it cast an unusual glow against the shadows of the jungle. In this illuminated patch, it was difficult to make out one plant from the next in the tangle of leaves, branches, and vines. Hundreds of ants were fanning out across the wreckage. The falling tree had smashed the rotten stump where they had built their elaborate nest. Mawthrag took care to avoid crossing the numerous crooked lines of reddish ants as they scurried in all directions. From the chaos, they would rebuild. 
The rain had stopped falling from the sky, although its trickle-down effect could still be heard throughout the forest. The cry was close now. It was sharp but very tiny. Mawthrag moved slowly and cautiously towards the fallen trunk. He called out to the tiny voice, and it stopped instantly. Mawthrag knew by the reaction that he had startled the creature. He stopped and waited.
The pain must have been too much for the little one to bear, and it cried out again. In his wild imagining, he hoped it would be a Neanderthal child. He peered over the split tree trunk and saw black wet fur and a curled body. It was not a Neanderthal. It was shaped mostly like a grey ape, except for the bulk and lack of a tail. The ape child’s face was pushed against the fallen tree trunk, and she was pinned under by one arm. Mawthrag spoke to her gently as he approached. He crouched down to assess the ape’s condition.
Wincing in pain, the baby ape turned her head. Startled to see the adult of a strange species, she let out another cry. Mawthrag comforted her the way he would have comforted a Neanderthal child, and as he spoke to the child, he started to plan how he would get her out from underneath the fallen tree. He tested the weight of the felled trunk. Fortunately, the trunk had split lengthwise, and the ape was pinned by the smaller of the two portions. Even so, the tree had been huge. He would not be able to move it on his own. He would also have to contend with the child crying and struggling. 
They both waited while the storm subsided further. No mother or father could be heard approaching. Mawthrag spoke again to the child, who now seemed to understand that he was trying to help. If the Neanderthal intended to eat her, he would have done so by now. 
He sat back on his haunches and studied the fallen tree. As he moved around the ape to assess the situation, the ape child followed him with her eyes. It was improbable that she understood what he was saying, but he talked to her as if she did, and he explained that he would push on one of the branches sticking out, to try raising the trunk off the forest floor. He reminded her that it would be heavy, and he could only hold it up for a moment. During that time, he told her, she would have to pull herself out from under the tree. He encouraged her with hand signals. Looking into her eyes, he wondered if he saw any understanding there. But Mawthrag knew that any trapped animal would pull itself out from the situation once it had the chance. He just hoped she wasn’t too badly hurt to manage. 
Nearby, he noticed some of the orange fruits fallen on the ground. He put one in the ape’s free hand, and in spite of the trying circumstances, she bit into it and sucked at the juice. Then she pulled it tight to her chest, so that it couldn’t easily be taken back. Mawthrag got up to investigate the other side of the tree. There was no way his plan would work. Some of the tree’s branches were wedged into the ground, and he would just end up pushing against the weight of the tree and the force of the branches. He crouched back down beside the ape and told her that he would try to break off one of the branches that had been damaged in the fall and use it to push off the tree. She listened and whimpered. Mawthrag was encouraged that she wasn’t trying to bite or scratch him. He went to locate a rock. The small ape called out when she couldn’t see him, and he called back to her encouragingly, telling her that he was returning soon. 
He came back to the ape with a rock three times the size of his head. He eased it close to where the ape’s arm was trapped under the tree. The difficult part would be finding a tree branch to use as a wedge. Most of the stuff on the forest floor was seriously rotted, and the sizable branches still on the tree would be difficult to break off. He walked the length of the tree to see if it had knocked anything down that he could improvise with. But anything of use was pinned under the great tree. 
He walked back to the ape child to explain the situation. In the middle of his conversation, a thought occurred to him, and he picked up the rock and took it to the other side of the tree. Aiming where one of the branches was cracked and wedged into the ground, he dropped the rock. After smashing it several times, the branch was damaged enough for him to break it from the trunk. 
He stripped it of bothersome twigs and brought it over to the ape’s side of the tree. He quickly set up his rock again and reassured the ape that she would soon be free. To emphasize that she should move quickly from under the tree, he lightly touched the shoulder that was pinned to the ground. As he put his weight on the green branch just above where it stuck out over his rock, the tree moved slightly. The ape squealed in pain. Mawthrag stopped and reassured her. He moved his rock closer to the ape, so that it almost touched her. He repositioned the branch. 
Collecting his breath, he put every effort into pulling down on the branch. He drew the strength from each breath and released it into his muscles. The tree rocked from its position, and the ape child pulled out immediately. The instant she was clear, he relaxed the pressure on the branch. He checked to see that she was completely free, and in a few more breaths, he completely released his hold.
The ape wasn’t going to go very far. She had a broken arm. Mawthrag could see the unnatural bend in her forearm. Mawthrag had never done it himself, but he had seen the Neanderthal women reset bones. The basic premise was to pull, straighten, splint, and bandage. The severity of the injury and the health of the victims then determined whether or not they recovered. There were no great lengths of animal skins to use for wrappings, so he began stripping the tree branch with his teeth. Shortly, he had strips of bark ready to use. 
Next, he prepared a straight splint from the only straight branch available – his walking stick. He had to snap the stick in two smaller pieces, but it was the perfect solution. He had to experiment for a while with the bark, though. The strips were slippery and wouldn’t stay bound in a knot, but when he shredded them into thinner strips, the knots held.
Mawthrag was concerned about his ape child, who seemed to have fallen asleep. He explained what would happen when he set the arm, but he knew she wasn’t listening. The telling was for his own benefit. Then after some study of the tiny arm, he pulled and put the bones back together. Now, the ape was awake, and she screamed. In anticipation of this, he had pinned her body underneath one of his legs, so that her struggling was minimized. He held the broken bones firmly in both hands and tried to feel whether or not they had rejoined properly. There were no major lesions that he could see or feel, and there was no gross blood loss, but under her fur and skin, he couldn’t know what was happening, beyond the fact that the arm now felt reasonably straight. 
With the ape on her back, he attached the splint and wrapped it tight with the bark strips. He performed this procedure with even more care than he took wrapping his brushes. Because the strips were thin, he had to wrap and tie many of them. He further shredded the ends of each strip into smaller fibres that he could tie. He let the ape child up, and she rolled over onto her good arm and then into a sitting position. While she was still woozy, Mawthrag picked her up and cradled her in his arms. She wrestled uncomfortably with the splint on her arm, until Mawthrag restored the half-chewed fruit to her. 
The sudden storm had now completely passed, and the clear sky could be seen where the falling tree had ripped a hole in the canopy. The air was cooler. Mawthrag moved into the sunlight and rested against the trunk of the tree with his ape child. The warmth of the sun would help her to recover. Resting this way, they passed several lengths of shadow.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

As the sun played on the wet leaves and branches, a mist filled the air. The steamy haze transformed the forest. Where moments ago the leaves and branches were clearly defined, there were now merely suggestions of these things. The definition of leaves was lost, and everything took on sameness. The air was thick to breathe, and filled with the smell of strongly scented plants. 
Mawthrag felt as though the forest mist inside him, making it difficult to choose an action. Where could he go with this ape?
His first concern was whether she would survive. An injury was always an invitation for death. His second concern was the possible appearance of her family or tribe. While he could tell from her build and face that she was an infant, he was unfamiliar with her species. The adult apes could look much different – they could be lighter coloured, they could be shaped differently, but almost certainly, they would be larger. The one ape species he knew, the clever grey apes, could be aggressive. He had seen them attacking a small pat-pat once, but the approaching Neanderthals had scared the grey apes off. He wasn’t sure if they had been attacking in defence or if they were planning to eat it. The pat-pat was a very timid creature, so the latter seemed more likely. Perhaps the relatives of this ape walked upright. Or perhaps they were up in the trees.
There were no signs of other apes in the vicinity, though, and this likely meant the small ape had wandered off, and the others did not know she was injured. They were probably searching for her now that the storm had moved on. The mist clearing, Mawthrag decided to continue up the mountain with his new companion.
As he put her on the ground and stood up to stretch, she made a sound that resembled “Yan-Yan.” He bent down to pick her up, and she grabbed at his chest hair with her good hand. Yan-Yan, he decided to call her. Because she supported herself with a strong clinging arm, she was easy to carry. A Neanderthal child did not have such strong grabbing fingers. Perhaps these apes were climbers after all, thought Mawthrag. He stopped for a moment to get his bearings. 
The air had become cooler, in part because of the rainfall, and in part because evening was arriving. As Mawthrag made his way up the mountain, he looked for a suitable place to take shelter for the night. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought the trees were getting slightly smaller. He was looking for a large root configuration to nestle into, but there seemed to be no more giant trees. Yan-Yan was silent and relatively still. She shifted her weight from time to time as Mawthrag negotiated over rocks and shrubs, but she didn’t cry or whimper in pain. 
He knew that they were at least a quarter of a day’s hike from the fallen tree. A short quarter, though, because it was the long night season. 
Just like the night before, a swarm of bats announced they were commencing their nocturnal sweep of the mountain. The erratic flapping of their small leathery wings and their high-pitched little shrieks formed a giant body of noise that stroked the treetops. As they split into smaller groups and disappeared, the sound blended into the evening.
Mawthrag decided to make a nest among some bushes. He cleared most of the big stones away and laid down a few leaves for bedding. As the bats headed down the mountain, Mawthrag and Yan-Yan went to the stream for a drink. The little ape winced as her broken arm knocked against the rocks, but she carried on with her good hand and drank her fill. She crouched silently beside Mawthrag as he drank and rinsed his face and head. They were tired, and there was barely enough sun left to illuminate their way back to the quickly improvised shelter.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Morning brought the sound of birds. Layered beneath the sound of their calling back and forth could be heard the beating of many wings. Mawthrag could see their graceful shapes dipping and weaving through the crisp morning air – airborn fishes swimming through clouds. There was more than one species of bird. Several flocks merged together as they flew down the mountain. After watching the undulating swarm Mawthrag realized that he had climbed quite far. The forest had thinned enough for him to see the sky. 
Yan-Yan was awake and chewing at some leaves. She offered several to Mawthrag. He found them extremely bitter and tough but full of moisture. The two sat chewing and flicking bugs off the leaves like a pair of old grey apes, unconcerned about the troubles behind or ahead. Owing to their toughness, the chewing part formed the greater portion of concentration. Mawthrag could feel the masticated chunks of leaves sliding down his throat and landing somewhere in the belly. There was a slight rumble but nothing to suggest they might come back up again.
Suddenly Yan-Yan stopped chewing. She listened. An ape called in the distance. Yan-Yan screeched back and pounded the ground with her good hand. The distant voice was closer now. Excitedly, Yan-Yan tugged at Mawthrag’s arm and encouraged him to follow. This was it. The mountain apes would soon be here. 
Potentially that could mean several things. Mawthrag wished for a spear. He looked around for a club but was being dragged up the mountain by the excited Yan-Yan. The big ape’s calls were closer now, and he could hear the rustling and pushing aside of branches as it approached. He could tell the ape was big by the loud bellowing voice and the weight it was putting against the bushes and trees it encountered. He wished for a club.
Like a full moon suddenly appearing from behind clouds, the big black ape pushed through the shrubs. Her eyes went first to Mawthrag. Even though he stood at least twice her height, Mawthrag could tell from her bulk and muscle that she would make a formidable opponent. Her forearms were huge by comparison to her legs, and her belly was so large that Mawthrag assumed the ape was pregnant. Yan-Yan ran to her mother’s arms and screamed into her ear. Mother was obviously pleased but kept one eye on the unusual presence of Mawthrag.
Yan-Yan understood that there was a possible conflict, and she walked back to Mawthrag and pulled at his leg to indicate he should come with them. The mother banged on the ground in protest, but her daughter ran back and forth between the two until she had established some understanding that she intended to remain connected to both of them. Mawthrag could tell that the mother knew he had been looking for a weapon of some sort or, at least, that he had the intention of protecting himself. He instead grabbed a handful of leaves and offered them to the ape. She grunted, throwing her head back and forth in short nods. Yan-Yan took the leaves and gave them to her mother. 
Placated somewhat, the mother turned her attention to the splint on Yan-Yan’s arm. It seemed to Mawthrag that Yan-Yan was explaining the incident to her mother and pleading on his behalf. The mother stood up on her back legs and stretched up to her full height. Though she was smaller than Mawthrag, he was still concerned by her massive hands and arms. She beat them against her legs and returned to her original posture. She gave a snort in his direction, as if to say he could follow, and she turned her head as Yan-Yan climbed on her back. As they made their way back through the bush, Mawthrag followed.
Such animals didn’t exist on the other side of the river. Mawthrag followed the black apes through the bush studying the mother’s methodical and easy movements. She moved forward, leading with her big forearms, one first and then the other, using her curled up knuckles as walking pads. Her legs, which seemed to be only half the length of her arms, followed behind the arms in a similar pattern.  It was an uneven gait, but because of her confidence and strength, it was stable and as smooth as water flowing over a stony creek bed. She never looked back, but Mawthrag knew she was keenly aware of where he was in relation to her and Yan-Yan. She stopped without turning her head, and when she was satisfied that he also had stopped, and was keeping his distance, they continued. She stopped again to smell the air, and here Mawthrag could smell it too – more apes. Mawthrag subdued his urge to grab a defensive weapon.
The mother called out with a few short grunts that were met with a resounding reply, clearly from the dominant male. Mawthrag felt naked. The river had stripped him of everything. He had no brushes to announce that he was a painter, he had no rags worth presenting as gifts, and he had no ornaments of any kind. His last possession, the walking stick made from the thick river grass, he had used to bandage the ape child.
It was in a unique situation. While Neanderthals interacted with other animals in their environment, they did not interact on a personal level with wild animal groups. They kept dogs, but they did not mingle with wild dog packs. But Mawthrag had been able to communicate with these two apes almost as if they were Neanderthals. The mother and child had treated him with caution but were encouraging him to follow them. He had spoken to the small ape, but he was certain she did not understand the sounds he had made the same way a Neanderthal child would have. A dog could understand when you scowled at him for destroying a spear, but he did not understand that in your shouting at him, you were describing the amount of time it had taken you to create the spear. However, there was something more than intuitive about how these apes had communicated with Mawthrag. Could they understand something of what he was saying? Would he be able to explain his journey to them? Could they relate back to him details about the mountain and the river at the bottom? Or had they ventured that far? 
The answer might come soon. The apes called back and forth to each other until they were within eyesight. Mawthrag emerged from the forest with his guides, into a clearing of grass and shrubs. At one end of the clearing were five apes. Four sat on their haunches in anticipation of what would transpire. There were two more females, similar in size to Yan-Yan’s mother, two young male apes and one much larger male, clearly the leader of the group. All were black as the night and had big black leathery fingers. One of the young males was scratching his neck. They all fixed their eyes on Mawthrag, most notably, the dominant male who was at least as big as two of the females put together. He came forward on all fours with his forearms leading. He glanced at Yan-Yan and her mother, who joined the group at the other end of the clearing, and then, satisfied that they were safe, he returned to inspect Mawthrag. 
While the apes at the other end of the clearing were investigating the splint on Yan-Yan’s arm, the dominant male grunted at Mawthrag. In a gesture of compliance, he crouched down and crossed his arms over his knees. Mawthrag knew that if, even for a moment, the ape considered him a threat or a rival, he would charge at him immediately. Instead, the ape was investigating him as a curiosity. He approached with a swagger and stopped squarely in front of the Neanderthal. The ape let out a loud grunt, announcing in no uncertain terms who was the leader of this group. Mawthrag remained still and silent. The ape sat down and with his incredibly large hand reached out to poke Mawthrag. 
Mawthrag remained still. The adult apes had the same protruding foreheads as the Neanderthals. He imagined the ape was noticing the similarity as he fixed his eyes on Mawthrag’s face and nodded in what seemed to be approval. Then Mawthrag stretched out his own insignificant hand. The ape lightly grasped it. He snorted again, this time as if to say it wasn’t quite up to his standards. Mawthrag let the ape turn it over and over. Very gently, the ape put it back on his knee. Then the ape showed Mawthrag his teeth. Two enormous flesh cutters on top and bottom protruded from the clean line of chewing teeth. They sat and stared at each other now. Mawthrag’s jaw dropped and revealed his straight row of evenly spaced teeth. The ape grunted.
If he wanted to crush Mawthrag, he could easily do so, and with the help of his group, they could quickly rip him limb from limb. But there was nothing sharp in his look. This ape was thoughtful but not mean. There was none of the pointed curiosity that the skin man had displayed. There was no anxiety about having to rush to a decision. The two sat staring at each other in the shade at the edge of the clearing. Just when it looked like they might sit there all day, little Yan-Yan ambled up to Mawthrag and pulled on his arm. There was an audible gasp from the mother and some mild agitation from the group on the other side of the clearing, but the dominant male looked back at them and grunted. Quiet, if not complete calm returned. The apes shifted, so they could see what was going to happen next. 
Mawthrag slowly lowered one of his arms so that Yan-Yan could climb up. He lowered his knees into a sitting position and let the small ape sit in his lap. He cradled her but didn’t make any significant moves to pick her up. She was awkward with the splint but managed to sit facing daddy ape in an obvious play to say that this Neanderthal was harmless. Mawthrag took the opportunity to explain. In a soft voice he told them about his climb up the mountain, the lightning storm, his finding Yan-Yan and rescuing her from under the fallen tree. He pointed to her broken arm and explained how he made the splint. The delivery of the speech was far more important than the content. When he had finished, Mawthrag paused, to see what effect his explanation had. The dominant male responded with a nod and a grunt, and he extended an arm to his daughter. Yan-Yan clambered over to her father, 
While the apes did not invite Mawthrag to join them, they didn’t chase him away either. He watched as the ape he decided to call Father Yan returned to his family clutch. They all touched and grunted low. Mawthrag was reminded of his Neanderthal family. They were so expressive with their faces and hands, he thought. Their fingers were nimble as a spider’s legs as they touched each other’s faces and hands. 
The apes settled down into an arrangement whereby they could warm themselves under the yellow mountain sun. Mawthrag too became slothful and soporific. It seemed so long ago since he had been able to relax in the warmth of the sun. He was aware that Father Yan was keeping an eye on him, but there was nothing threatening or upsetting about that. Mawthrag moved into the full sun and lay on his back on the soft green grass. He lay with his hands down at his side and his legs and feet stretched out pointing towards the forest. “I am a log,” thought Mawthrag as he drifted off to sleep under the watchful eye of Father Yan and the heat-giving sun.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

When Mawthrag awoke, Yan-Yan was playfully brushing his face with a leafy twig. At the other end of the clearing, one female was still sleeping, and Mother Yan was grooming Father Yan by picking and eating the tiny insects in the furry forest of his shoulders. The two juvenile males were off somewhere, but no one seemed concerned. Mawthrag was hungry and thirsty. He sat up and looked around. Through the buzz of beetles calling to each other, he heard the distant sound of the mountain stream pouring over rocks. 
He told the others that he would be back after he got a drink of water, and whether they understood or they had intended to do the same, the apes joined him and headed in the direction of the stream. Father Yan called out, and the young males joined them. It wasn’t exactly what Mawthrag had in mind, but he was more thirsty than concerned about solitude. As they negotiated their way to the stream through an ape-worn path, the Neanderthal could smell that another animal – a cat – had also passed this way. The smell of the mountain cat occasioned some grunting by Father Yan and some checking to see that all were together. 
Once at the stream, they all drank their fill while Father Yan watched over his clan. As he was drinking, the young males rushed upstream to get some roots. Mawthrag and the rest of the group followed them. They foraged in the forest for a while, unearthing some tubers. Then they took their harvest to a clearing further upstream. Mawthrag joined in the digging, eating, and subsequent napping. He followed the apes through the forest and across the mountain as they spent the day, eating when hungry and resting when tired.
The ape faces fascinated Mawthrag. Studying Mother Yan as she gently groomed her child, he could see devotion and caring in her dark brown eyes. It was a combination of skill, as she separated each hair searching for parasites, and affection, as she stroked Yan-Yan’s cheek to encourage her patience. Father Yan lay on his back looking up at the outline of the branches against the blue sky. He wasn’t scouring the horizon for enemies – he was simply enjoying the pleasure of the view. Perhaps, thought Mawthrag, he was dreaming. The young males were more demonstrative with each other physically, yet they still expressed in their faces the kind of cognition that Mawthrag had not normally associated with monkeys or apes. Then he reminded himself he had never had the opportunity to sit with a group like this. The grey apes he had seen were either drinking nervously from the river’s edge or running in packs. This type of thing could only be seen when sitting perfectly still.
After a little scuffle between the males, the blackish-brown one whom Mawthrag named Shen, went off to sit with the other female, who took him into her arms and settled him down with some grooming. The remaining youngster, Shan, rolled about a bit, and then began cleaning his fingernails with his teeth. Mawthrag had named the pair Shan and Shen after the sounds they forced out of pursed lips when they called to each other. The sounds were not really “shhh,” but the pursing of their lips, if done by a Neanderthal, would have made that distinct noise. As if in response to Mawthrag’s thoughts, Shan became less intent on cleaning his fingernails and more interested in pursing his lips. He rolled them up from corner to corner and closed them tightly. He pushed his lower lip half way down his chin and he stretched it back. He pulled the corners of his mouth up into a giant smile and stuck his tongue out. Finally, he relaxed his mouth, shook out his head, and lay down on the grass.
The family of apes slowly switched positions and groomed each other as the shadows of trees and stones stretched their way across the mountain. Mawthrag had never made a family of his own. He had been with several of the women, but the tribe had strict mating sets. Both Kuup and him were odd ones out. They were supporting characters in the raising of families. Kuup was hampered by his disfigurement, and Mawthrag had been steered towards a role as cave painter. The painter in the Neanderthal tribe had to be useful during the hunt and any food or herb-gathering activities, but his or her primary purpose was as a painter. It was a solitary practice, and it meant the painter was separated from the tribe for portions of time. The lifestyle was not conducive to making and keeping a family. The biggest obstacle to keeping a family was that while the painter was in the cave, he could not protect any assets he had on the outside. The cave painter was by default a loner.  
This lifestyle had suited Mawthrag from the beginning. He had grown accustomed to studying the movements and interactions of his fellow Neanderthals rather than participating in the struggle for position within the group. He was content to interact when he was sharing what he had learned from his observances, through story-telling or through painting. Although his world within the tribe was governed by the power structure of his Neanderthal kin, his personal world was guided by his observance of the movement of animals, the shape of the landscape, and the changing colours of life under the gaze of sun and moon.
Through the eyes of a cave painter, Mawthrag now watched the small white clouds that were being drawn across the blue sky. One cloud extended short legs like a running pig, its tusks extending from its disproportionately large head. Mawthrag had painted such a pig before. Blending into this animal cloud was a hunter crouched beside a bush, behind him was a deer with a big round stomach. As the shapes were blown into one another, and new ones emerged, Mawthrag realized that he had spent almost the entire day under the quiet guidance of the ape family. He did not have to consider what to eat or drink or where it was safe to rest. He was able to lie here and consider the enormous sky cave.
When evening had etched its way into the day with long shadows and pink sky, the apes started to methodically prepare nesting areas for sleep. Mawthrag was given some encouragement by Father Yan as to which leaves would make a better bed. Yan-Yan ran up to him and made a type of ape kiss gesture on his hand. He inspected the splint and ensured that it was still holding, and off she went to snuggle with her mother. Everyone slept.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Clouds of birds swooped through the sky in their great flocks, calling back and forth as the clusters criss-crossed paths. Mawthrag felt as if the beating of their wings was causing the morning breeze. The apes emerged from their slumber. After stretching, they licked the dew that had collected on low-lying leaves and blades of grass. 
There were small white flowers on thorny shrubs with tiny cups of water inside  their five petal blooms. Yan-Yan was trying to pinch them off with her left hand, but without the use of her right arm to steady the branch, the process wasn’t working. She tried to bite them off, but the thorns were too close to the blossoms. Mother Yan was busy with her morning stretches and something that had crawled between her toes. Mawthrag came to the young ape’s aid and very cautiously made a two finger pinch at the base of a cluster of the flowers and firmly snapped them from the branch. The grateful Yan-Yan opened her mouth, and Mawthrag placed the succulent flowers and dew into her mouth. Pickings were sparse, but he obliged by collecting the few remaining flowers.
Father Yan thumped on the ground and grunted a few times. Shen and Shan copied his actions. Shan emphasized his action by thumping the ground an extra time and then sniffed his fingers. Yan-Yan scrambled after her mother and the female Mawthrag had named Sister Yan. He assumed correctly that they were on their way to the stream.
This morning was particularly clear. At the water’s edge, one of the males always kept watch while the others drank. Shan used his drinking time to study rocks, picking them up, smelling them, and licking their cool smooth surfaces. The rocks at the edge of the stream also interested Mawthrag. He had been so set on his ascent that he had never bothered to pay any attention to this particular detail of the stream. Most of the rocks were shades of grey or tan, like the hides of animals, their surfaces smoothed by the constant rippling of the water over them. Where they had met with a sudden fall or force of nature, the rocks had split, presenting sharp clean edges. Shan was licking the inside of one such rock. Mawthrag picked up a similarly shaped stone and examined the exposed portion. The inside of the broken stone was bluish green, and running across the outside surface were flakes of reflecting material similar to the slivers he had seen in the soil near the river. 
As Mawthrag rotated the rock in the sunlight, the exposed portions of the rock shimmered, reflecting back the light. Mawthrag turned the rock over to look on its outer surface again. The stone was more earth coloured on the outside and bluer on the inside. It had a vitreous lustre. He licked the rock and tasted the sharp and tangy flavour of the particles, along with the cool earthiness of the stone. He wasn’t as attracted to the taste as the ape was, and he turned his attention back to the visual appeal of the shimmering stone. The rock was a palette, and the perfectly arranged flakes caused the light to reflect in lines along its surface. 
Mawthrag was enthralled. When he tilted the rock one way, he saw a bolt of lightning. If he tilted it another way, he saw the edge of a river, and tilting it again, he saw a line delineating the trunk of a bare tree. He explored the line with his finger. If he crossed over it three times, he could make the mark for tree. If he drew a second line mirroring it, connecting them both at one end, he could make a mark for mountain. He crouched down to pick up a second rock, and turning the rock over in his hand to use the smooth side, he scraped a vertical line onto his new rock palette.  He traced over the mark again and again with the stone. When he felt it was fixed, he held the rock under the stream and rubbed it. After drawing it out of the water, he could see that most of his scraping had been washed away, but there was enough left to encourage him. 
In the absence of hides and paintbrushes, he could continue his line markings on rocks. He would carve his lines directly into the rocks. His head filled with the hugeness of this project. He turned back to feeling the marks he had made on the stone in his hand. Even if this stone were set on fire, mused Mawthrag, the lines he had just etched would remain. He reworked them on another stone. He crouched down and laid his blue stone on the ground so he could put more pressure on it. After reapplying his mountain mark onto the rock, he ran it under the water. This time when he brought it up, the lines were more visible. They were not as vivid as the reflecting line that had been put there by the stone itself, but they were a beginning. Mawthrag stood up and looked up and down the stream. It was filled with rocks of every shape, size, and texture. There was more exploring.
He crouched back down and ran his hands over the various rocks in the stream. He took some of the wet ones out and placed them on dry land. Mawthrag could scrape marks onto the rocks, and he could move them where he wanted to. The idea that he was now forming was as long and winding as the stream itself. While he was unable to see the beginning or end of it, he knew he had discovered a way to revitalize his line markings. He had revealed a way to ensure their permanence, and he was also creating a plan that would include bringing many line markings together to make one significant picture. It would be a picture story told in line markings, it would last well beyond his existence. The bigger his idea became, more difficulties evolved. 
How would he carve into these rocks effectively? Where would he do such a project? The water that had been gently pursuing its path down the mountain suddenly sounded very loud and distinct. He could hear every splash as it poured over the rock bed. He heard the movement of loose stones under the current. Mawthrag took a deep breath and turned his gaze away from the rocks and the water.He looked upstream toward the mountaintop. The day was clear, and Mawthrag thought he could see the summit through the thinning tree canopy overhead. If he followed the stream, he was sure he could make the ascent in one day. With that singular thought in mind, he started up the mountain. Then a small voice called.
Yan-Yan was trailing after him, as her mother tried to encourage her daughter to follow the rest of apes back into the forest. The young ape’s natural curiosity had the better of her, though, and she awkwardly manoeuvred her way upstream with her mother chasing and calling after her. Not wanting to be split up, the entire ape pack was now winding its way one after the other up the stream, slowly following the errant Yan-Yan. Once her mother caught her by the arm, the procession stopped. The splint slipped off, and the young ape’s cries now turned into moans of pain, when her mother pulled directly on the broken arm.
With that, Mawthrag’s ascent came to a halt, and he returned to the injured ape. Father Yan was now insisting that they return to the forest but was equally concerned about his daughter’s distress. While Mawthrag surveyed the damage, closely watched by the senior apes, Shan took the extra time to poke his fingers in some small pools of mud. Shen copied him but was more interested in punching his brother on the back and trying to start a wrestling match. Mawthrag tried to calm the pack by stroking the air with his hands. When he picked up the loose splint and began unravelling the twine around it, their attention was diverted. Mawthrag rinsed the splints and the binding in the stream and reaffixed them to Yan-Yan’s arm. The short demonstration now over, Father Yan insisted they return to the forest. Without argument, the apes ambled over the rocks and rediscovered their trail back into the woods. To keep the peace, Mawthrag followed in tow.
The mountain wasn’t going anywhere. He stooped down by the stream and collected an assortment of rocks of different textures and colours and followed the pack along the path. The collecting of the rocks hadn’t caused much concern, but when he dropped them in a pile in the forest clearing and started sorting them Yan-Yan and her brothers drew close. The stones hadn’t elicited much attention when they were nestled in the streambed, but now that they were out of place on the grass under the exploring fingers of the Neanderthal, they became a subject of fascination.
Mawthrag had not counted on this intense interest and after trying to brush the interested parties away; he relented and let them play with the stones. Mawthrag abandoned sorting them into any order, as the apes were quick to undo his groupings. He experimented hitting different stones against each other to test their strength and resistance. It didn’t take long to discover that the dark grey stones could be split like lowland flint to make sharp points and edges. Shan was most keen on tasting the split stones and Shen in banging them and throwing the broken flakes at his brother. Yan-Yan was unable to do much with her one free hand, and she was content to scrutinize Mawthrag’s work as he laid a small piece of flint on a larger rock and smacked at it with another till he had created the desired edge. When he finished one, he would pass it to Yan-Yan for inspection, and she would study it.
The apes eventually tired of Mawthrag’s monotonous rock banging experiment. Leaf chewing took over as the primary morning activity. The Neanderthal stuck to refining his flints until he had a selection of edges that could be used for gouging soft rocks. The shadows moved across his stone pile as the sun rolled slowly down the mountain. He did not realize just how many shadows had passed, with his head bent over the stones and his hand and fingers bent around the hammer rock. In the time he took to craft these new writing flints, a spider constructed an intricate web in the tree beside him. A fistful of ants dismantled the entire corpse of a huge black beetle and took it an entire length away to their underground nest. Much higher up in the spider’s tree, a green and brown slithering creature digested a rodent. The animal felt the vibrations of Mawthrag’s banging but remained unmoved. Unthreatened by the rhythmic hammering, the snake lay in coils around the dark brown branch as her lunch melted into her body. The spider’s web rang with the vibrations of a catch, and she hastened from her stillness to wrap it up.
Finally, Mawthrag’s knuckles began to ache, and heeding his body’s signal of fatigue, he put down his tools. The apes were taking a midday nap. They were able to sleep through Mawthrag’s stone banging and were dozing under the tree branches. Mawthrag was tired, and his arms were burning from muscle cramps. As he lay down on the grass, he laid his hammering arm across his chest and stroked it with his free arm. He rolled partially into the sun so that the warmth could soak into his sore arm. He drifted to sleep, planning to look for soft rocks this evening when they went to the stream. 
Lying perfectly still like this, Mawthrag could feel the reverberations from the hammering running through his arm and into his shoulder bone. The vibrations travelled up and around his skull and then back into the grass and soil under his head. Mawthrag wasn’t sure, but from this vantage point, he thought once again that he could see the top of the mountain. He tried to imagine the mountaintop as a line marking on a rock. As he struggled to find a way to mark just the top and not the whole of the mountain, his concentration lapsed. The lines became sunlit threads on a spider’s web.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Something sweet on the breeze awoke the apes and the Neanderthal. Father Yan organized the group and led them down an overgrown and little-used mountain path. Once in the woods, they no longer smelled the sweet odour, but Father Yan seemed to know where they were going. Mawthrag was unsure about following them through the thicket. The apes had very little difficulty navigating it, but he lacked their ability to stay agile close to the ground. He wouldn’t have followed them at all, except he was starving, and he knew that this foray into the forest was to find the source of the delicious scent. So Mawthrag protected his face from the overhanging branches as best he could and trailed the apes. 
At times it seemed they had lost their way, but even when the path disappeared entirely, Father Yan continued carefully and with determination. They appeared to be following a path the male ape had stored in his head. FatherYan never called out to the others, he never looked back, and the rest of the apes never questioned what they were doing. The route made no sense to Mawthrag. At times he was sure they had passed by the same tree or shrub once or twice. The Neanderthal was confused as they moved up and down, and sometimes in what seemed like circles, as if they were stalking something alive. 
Then they all stopped. Up in a tree were the ripe orange fruits Mawthrag had seen before. There were so many of them that the branches were being pulled under their weight to the ground. The problem of collection was obvious. The ripest fruit were growing on the thinnest branches farthest from the trunk. Father Yan sat at the base of the tree looking skyward, summing up the situation. He sent Shen, the smallest male, up to try bending one of the branches down. The ape had no trouble scaling the trunk and positioning himself at the base of a branch laden with fruit, but he couldn’t put enough pressure on it to bend it low enough so another ape could grab it from the ground. Mother Yan was concerned the branch would break and the fruit would be smashed on the ground, along with her son. She circled the ground and called for him to stop pushing the branch. Shen called back and threw some unripe green fruits to the ground. Brother Shan immediately picked one up and tasted it. He ate part of it and passed the rest to his little sister. 
Mawthrag had been scouring the ground for a branch long enough to help with the harvesting. He called up to Shen to resume his pushing on the branch, and Father Yan nodded. As the branch was pushed downward, Mawthrag reached his stick up and twisted it until the twigs at the end of it lodged between the twigs on the branch of the fruit tree. He pulled with his branch tool, and the fruit came within an ape’s arm grasp. The females picked as much of the succulent orange fruit as they could, and when the branch was stripped, Mawthrag called to Shen that he was releasing his end of the branch. It snapped back into place. 
Mawthrag was quick to take some of the fruit from the pile on the ground. The sweetness and softness of the pulp were beyond anything he had ever tasted from the other side of the river. This was the same beautiful life-sustaining fruit he had eaten on his journey up the mountain. Shen descended and shared in the harvest. They were all lost in the glorious taste of the fruit. It was Father Yan who had the 
presence of mind to sit back from the gorging and survey the surroundings for danger. They were off their regular path and outside their familiar territory. Father Yan knew they could attract the attention of rivals or predators. He shouted an encouragement to the group to gather what they could of the remaining fruit and follow him back up the mountain. They could not carry huge quantities, because each ape could only use one hand for carrying. 
They walked three-legged back along the winding path. Mawthrag took the rearguard position in the procession back through the jungle. He hadn’t noticed it coming down, perhaps because he was so hungry and distracted by his groaning stomach, but now he realized that they had been using the meandering path of a large cat who had pushed its way through the bush. While it didn’t smell strongly of the feline predator, there were broken branches and worn ground marks that created, if you were discerning enough to notice, a tunnel through the bush just wide enough for a cat about three hands high. Mawthrag had already smelled this particular mountain cat. He now saw that its paw marks belonged to a beast that would consider any one of the smaller apes easy prey. There was something about the symmetry of the path which implied that the cat was a small-tooth cat. 
The slash-tooth beasts generally walked a little lop-sided and tilted their heads from side to side as they tried to scratch their shoulders with one protruding tooth then the other. The slash-tooth was generally much bigger than three hands. Size didn’t always matter, though. 
Most lone small-tooth cats that Mawthrag knew of struck from behind. They pounced on the back of their prey and clamped their sharp teeth around the back of the victim’s neck. If the bite were accurate, struggle was useless – the effort of struggling merely had the effect of pumping blood from the victim’s neck into the cat’s mouth. Studying the apes in front of him Mawthrag concluded that, while a Neanderthal couldn’t get his arms behind him to struggle with such a beast, these apes might be able to take a grab at it with their huge arms. However, each of them, with the exception of Yan-Yan, was walking with a handicap that slowed him or her down. It was Mawthrag, walking at the end of the ape column, who was the most exposed. He started to look behind every so often. 
Once they were back on the ape path, the quiet determination to move unceasingly with their fruit harvest through the mountain cat’s territory, gave over to some grunting and calling between the young males. It sounded like a bit of bravado to the Neanderthal, but he understood their sense of accomplishment at evading danger.
They did not return to the spot where Mawthrag had been honing his flints, but he was confident that they would return the next morning, and in the meantime, he had to locate a stone surface that was soft enough to carve into. When the apes had finished their repast, they gnawed on the big fibrous pips until they felt sleepy. Shen couldn’t resist throwing some of the pips at his brother. Shan shouted back at him half-heartedly but was more interested in lying on his back looking up at the mountain.
Mawthrag studied the peaceful young male ape. Unlike his brother who was always picking up pieces of the mountain and using them as projectiles, this one was always touching the mountain, exploring it with his senses and now, it seemed, taking it in with his eyes. Mawthrag slowly moved over to where Shan lay staring up. He had framed the mountaintop perfectly. Mawthrag followed the ape’s stare, and in the long setting rays of the sun, he could see orange and pink light painting the outcrops and contrasting with the shadows. The sky had been clear all day, but now small wisps of pink and white were gathering around the peak. 
It looked like the group was going to forego the trip to the stream this evening, as they began making nests and huddling together. Mawthrag was thirsty, but he waited till all were asleep before he headed off towards the stream. Tactically, it was not the best thing to do. The stream was close to where the ape’s path intercepted the cat trail. If the animal was making its rounds, it would pick up the scent of the apes and easily track them. It could also track the Neanderthal to the stream, a place where many nocturnal animals started their evening. But his thirst was greater than his fear of the cat.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Working his way along the ape trail toward the stream, Mawthrag was dimly aware that no moment of life was ever free from the reach of death. It could come dramatically from a lightning bolt, it could hunt you down in the form of a predator, or it could gnaw away at you as an injury or an illness. It was inescapable. Mawthrag had never been so overwhelmed by delaying its inevitability. He wasn’t afraid of dying. Rather, he was afraid of dying right now, before he brought his new idea to fruition. He could not rest, or die, until he had done so. There was no one to hear and comprehend. 
Now he fully understood the ferocity of a mother animal compelled to protect the life of her unborn or newly-born offspring. He could understand the compassion and the sacrifice that she makes to ensure that her little one reaches maturity. She puts her life directly in the path of death from the moment she conceives. Her body makes her more susceptible to attack, slowing her down and making her more visible. At the same time, her mind becomes more acute as she focuses on her offspring. Mawthrag knew from experience that the female Neanderthals, often the pregnant ones, were used as hunt leaders because they invariably had better a sense of smell. These are two sides of one nature. One side says fight harder – the other says stay safer. Weapons must be put aside to pick up the paintbrush, but the creation is worth the risk. 
Many moons ago, Mawthrag had made the line markings so they could be taken from the cave and transported across the Neanderthal world. His tribe did not understand, and Mawthrag had been blinded by his dreams about these lines. He had been too quick to act, and this had led to his eviction from the tribe and the loss of his line writings. Now, however, he saw how his line markings could still be made into a permanent legacy for his people. 
One day his people would come here. It would be after his life was finished.  But the line markings would do what he intended them to do – they would lie quietly till many shadows passed before they reawakened under a new moon, a moon that had not appeared yet. He knew that it was possible for others to understand, and he was confident that one day, they would find this place, just as he had. One day, they would find their way across the turbulent river. They would interpret his line markings, and they would know about his life and his struggle. Mawthrag stopped to drink at the cool mountain stream.
Crouched in the dark, his surroundings illuminated only by the moon, he recalled the enormous risk he had taken crossing the river. His need to escape had compelled him to enter the unknown water, even though his friend had died in that very place. Now, overwhelmed with the need to create, he put the struggle for survival into the back of his mind. The threat of death, though ever-present, was secondary. 
As Mawthrag looked upstream he noticed that the moonlight illuminated certain rocks in a greenish glow. He went to investigate.It was an ungraceful scramble along the rock bed. His footing was less sure in the dark, and he made more noise than he intended. He paused after several breaths to listen for a reaction to his clambering. Several small rodents that he hadn’t noticed before, were startled by his approach – they snapped up from their positions and darted into the woods. Before he could take the next step, he heard a sound. It was a bigger footstep. There was a squeal, then a low growl and a shaking of the last life out of one of the rodents. The footsteps retreated into the opposite side of the woods. 
He wasn’t sure if the cat had been stalking him and had decided to take the easy rodent as a compromise, or if she had been after the rodents from the start. He wasn’t sure it had been a cat who had taken the rodent. He kept moving upstream. As he passed by where the rodents had dodged away from his approach, only to be snapped up by the predator, Mawthrag could smell pungent fur. He caught a whiff of the unmistakable musk of a cat. Then a breeze blew down from the mountaintop, and it was gone. Mawthrag moved on, but he picked up a decent sized rock to take along as a projectile, if he needed it. He was within a few steps of the blue- green stones.
When he reached them, he stopped to listen and smell. Content that the cat had gone off and unwilling to consider the possibility of more predators lurking about, Mawthrag picked up a wet smooth rock. It changed from a blue green to a blue brown when he moved it out of the moonlight. He stroked the surface of the rock in his hand with the projectile he had been carrying. It left a clear but uneven scratch mark. Mawthrag crouched down and sifted through the stream bed for a smaller sharper stone. He found one that had recently been cracked in two pieces. He drew one piece heavily across the blue stone. It left a deeper scratch. Repeating the motion several times, he was able to leave a gouge in the rock that clearly looked like a line. He reoriented the rock and continued making perpendicular scratches across the centre line. He made three, a smaller one at the top and two progressively larger ones towards the bottom of the rock. The mark was “tree.”
Mawthrag’s heart was beating hard. He could feel it pulsing down into his arm and into the rock. He closed his eyes and took a breath. He felt tears coming. He opened his eyes and slipped. The rock fell from his hand. He crouched down so fast that he was able to catch the rock in his lap. This was worth protecting. This was the first of many. Mawthrag bruised his haunches on the rocks in his hurried crouch to catch the rock, but he didn’t care. He plunked his weight down and studied his creation. He rolled it under the moonlight, and he held it under the water, letting the stream rush over his carving. When his hands were too cold to hold it under the water anymore, he brought it back up. The mark was still deeply etched into the rock. If it had been paint, it would have been scrubbed off by the water and sand particles. He traced his fingers over the lines. 
The moon was dipping below the tree line, and the stars were dotted irregularly across the night sky. Mawthrag headed back down the stream with his tree rock firmly in hand. He moved slowly, his heart still pounding. Every few steps, he stopped to look behind. He paused frequently to smell the air. Finally, he slowed his pace so that he could hear and smell as he walked without giving dominance to one sense or the other. In this slow but determined way, he found the path back 
to the ape clearing.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

The clearing where he decided to rest was not the one where the apes had bedded down that night. It was the one where he had carved his flints. He collected some loose leaves and made a makeshift nest beside his work area. Curled up with the tree rock near his chest, he could feel his body sinking into the ground like a stone. His head was heavy, full of dreams. All the images soon melted into nothing in particular, as a wave of sleep surged over him. Mawthrag fell asleep with the smell of the stones from the stream, the mountain grass, and the tiny white flowers with thorns on their branches.
In his dream, he was walking through the tall summer grass of his homeland. Everything was obscured from his vision by the grass, yet he could hear someone calling to him. He was sure he knew the voice but couldn’t place it. It called again, and he pushed his way through the thick stalks, moving towards the voice. He stopped to listen. The voice seemed as if it were right beside him. He took a breath as the grasses rustled in front of him, and two hands came through, parting the grasses. It was Kuup. The Neanderthals gripped each other, and Mawthrag studied his friend’s face. Kuup stuck out his tongue. He spoke. He laughed. He was completely restored. Mawthrag asked him how he had survived the river, but Kuup was more interested in talking about the line markings. He wanted to show Mawthrag some marks, but there was nowhere to write anything in the thick grass, and they had no paints, brushes, or leather pouches. Kuup took Mawthrag’s hand in his, he turned the palm up, and he traced some marks with his finger. He spoke the meaning of each mark as he traced it. 
When Mawthrag awoke, a beetle was crawling over his palm. The sun was just barely tinting the sky, and the birds were beginning to stir. Mawthrag picked the beetle up by its carapace and laid it down pointing away from his body. He was sad again. His tribe had gone, his land was beyond reach, and his adoptive ape family were nowhere in sight. He had a strange moment of panic triggered by the dream. However, he knew that even if Kuup had survived his ordeal in the violent river, he could not have suddenly grown back his tongue. So this had to be a message from the dream world. The message was that he was not alone with his idea to inscribe the lines. Contented, Mawthrag was reminded of the power the black marks had given to Kuup. 
As the sun shed more light on his work area, he began to devise a plan to complete his task. He would not only have to gather enough blue stones to write on, but he would also have to find a place where he could safely store them. He hadn’t seen any place in the jungle that was suitable. What he really needed was a cave. Based on what he had seen of the bat population on the mountain, he was sure there were caves somewhere. The most likely place was where there were more rocks. That meant further up the mountain. Mawthrag decided to continue up the mountain by following the stream.
He wasn’t sure if his flints and stones were safe to leave out in the open. Not that anything in this environment might find them useful or attractive, but Mawthrag’s own sense of their importance caused him to dig a small hole and bury them. He made a little mound of stones and sticks marking their place and took off in the direction of the stream. The stream shimmered in the morning sun, and tiny flecks of minerals mirrored back the orange light in little points that darted here and there when the water nudged the rocks gently and the wind stroked the surface of the stream. Mawthrag had never seen the stream like this before. He knelt down to drink, and as he looked into the water, he could see his reflection rippling and adjusting to the movement of the water. It was not like a reflection on still water where you could see your whole self. Mawthrag’s image bobbed, fell apart, and was pushed back together by the current. It appeared as if his reflection wanted to slide downstream but a force was holding it in place. The forest behind him and the sky above moved in the same way with the water. Every time the current tried to pull them downstream, something else pulled them back, causing the images of trees, sky, and Neanderthal to break apart and rejoin. He put his hand in the water just where his reflection was drifting back and forth and tried to break it further by swiping his hand across it. The constant rushing of the water always resealed the reflection, as it playfully rippled on the surface. Mawthrag liked this reflection.
He drank his fill and began his ascent. Just as the flock of birds made their morning swoop down the mountainside, the apes came out of the woods ahead of him. Excited to see him, they grunted, and Yan-Yan clambered downstream to greet him. He picked up the little ape and took her back to her mother. He noticed that the splint was gone, but she was managing by protecting the arm and stretching the fingers close to her body. Whether they understood him or not, Mawthrag explained to them that he was going up the mountain. He pointed and looked uphill, until they all followed his gaze. They sat for a brief moment until Father Yan grunted and called everyone back through the woods. Yan-Yan called to Mawthrag, but this time Mother Yan had a good hold on her, and she could not follow the Neanderthal. The apes seemed unconcerned about his coming or going. 
They had almost retreated back into the woods when Shen started throwing small stones at his brother. Shan, who was normally tolerant of his brother’s antics, broke away from the attack. He didn’t pick up stones to throw back – instead, he grunted and turned his back. Father Yan didn’t bother calling him to return. He was old enough to begin his own journey. Whether it brought him back would be determined by his own stamina.
As the rest of his family went into the woods, Shan moved up the stream ahead of Mawthrag. It wasn’t exactly the solitary quest to the top of the mountain that Mawthrag had been planning, but he continued on his way, with the young male negotiating the rocks ahead of him. Mawthrag had not considered how Shan might fit into his journey, or even if he would stay with him. He hoped the ape would not turn into a hindrance. After a while, Shan stopped and waited for Mawthrag to catch up. Mawthrag moved ahead, and as they continued upward, the morning sun zrose above the mountain, and the sky became brighter blue. 
Shan turned out to be a valuable companion. He called to Mawthrag when he turned his nose to the ground and unearthed some tubers for their lunch. Shan didn’t seem to mind eating them complete with dirt clinging to the fine fibrous roots. But Mawthrag took his to the stream and let the rushing water rinse them. As he held them and shook them under the current, Shan ambled up beside him and watched the procedure. He took a half-eaten root from his mouth and did the same. It was a cruder attempt, and not all the dirt came off, but he was very pleased with the result and repeated it after each bite. His last piece was spotless, and he licked it all over, just to be sure, before swallowing it. 
Mawthrag and Shan continued up, and it was becoming apparent, at least to Mawthrag, that the summit was further away than it looked. Pausing now and then to judge how far they had come and how far they had to go, Mawthrag realized that the vegetation was thinning. The trees were smaller and more gnarled. Previously, there had been big areas of grass, but now there were now only little clumps and patches of grass and a pale moss-like stuff growing between some of the rocks. The sun was bright and the temperature on the hot side of pleasant, but Mawthrag
noticed clouds directly ahead. They had appeared on the side of the mountain like breath on an unusually cold morning. The summit was no longer visible. In the length of time it had taken them to eat a midday meal and walk a few lengths up the mountain, they had lost sight of the summit. At least Mawthrag had lost sight of it. Shan didn’t seem to notice. At the moment, he was not particularly thrilled about being in such unfamiliar territory. He darted up and down the stream, confident about going forward one moment, but retreating the next. This made the ascent twice as long for him. 
When they were close enough to feel the mist of the clouds on their skin, the temperature dropped suddenly. The temperature was no colder than a chilly night during the short-day season. It would have helped to have an animal skin, but if he kept moving, Mawthrag thought he could stay warm. Shan was too scared to go back alone, so he kept close to Mawthrag. The stream they had been following was very small now. It was really only a path of rock through which water squeezed its way out of myriad tiny fissures. These fissures were so small that Mawthrag had to keep his eyes focused on the ground. It was also the only way in the reduced visibility caused by the mist, to keep travelling up. Shan stopped to drink water from the tiny streams. He had to put his lips right against the rocks to suck up enough liquid. He licked the rocks and explored them with his fingers. 
Mawthrag remained standing, trying to see a way through the mist. It appeared to be moving around the mountain. The cloud would grow thick, and then would thin out, making parts of the route ahead visible, but it never stayed in one shape for long. The mountain was breathing, Mawthrag thought. It would take a series of short breaths, pushing the clouds quickly, and then would draw a long breath, 
parting the mist. Timing his ascent between these breaths, Mawthrag navigated his way through the cloud. Suddenly, he was through, and the mist was behind him.
The sun was high, and he saw that the mountain was clear of almost all vegetation. The ground was covered with big rocks. The largest of these formations formed the actual peak of the mountain. To see the summit so close to him completely erased any idea Mawthrag had of collecting rocks or of finding a cave to store his work in. He wanted to climb to the top. He thought he was the first to come here. Maybe an eagle had passed this way, but no mammal. There wasn’t a track or a scent of anything other than rock and the mist below. It was extremely cold and difficult to breathe.
Shan was faring better than Mawthrag. His fur coat was a much better insulator. Unperturbed by this, and wanting only to get to the top of the mountain, Mawthrag headed up the ridge. Shan was reluctant to follow and remained behind, circling on the ground just above the cloud. He called out to Mawthrag in warning grunts, telling him that he should come back down. Mawthrag answered, but not clearly. He found it too difficult to get enough air in his lungs to make a sound.
The ridge was not difficult to climb. The huge rock cliffs that met together like giant shoulders provided an uneven but accessible path. Even so, Mawthrag had to walk on his knuckles to get to the summit. The cold was now so sharp that it stung his throat and lungs. It was unlike anything he had experienced before. He had inhaled the hot dusty air of the trampled grasslands, he had inhaled the burning smoke from a cooking fire, and he had inhaled the turbulent waters of the river that had nearly drowned him. But now it seemed as if he was inhaling nothing. He kept gasping, but all that came into his lungs was cold. All he could manage was to put both hands forward and to follow them with his feet. Pushing forward relentlessly, the Neanderthal arrived at the summit. The sheer joy of accomplishing this sent a rush through him that straightened his body. He brought his hands above his eyes to shield them from the unyielding sun. He was looking down on the tops of the clouds. This is the way a bird sees the world, he thought. And the world was immense. 
In a few places where the clouds had parted, he could see through to the ground below. He was far above the canopy of trees. From this angle, the canopy did not look like the ceiling of a cave. It looked like the tops of green clouds. It shook in the breeze the way clouds did, and in places where it opened up, he could see the dark insides of the jungle. The jungle looked dark and hollow from up here, but he knew that it was filled with wonderful life of all imaginable shapes and characteristics. 
The clouds tapered off farther away from from the mountain, and he could see the river. It was no more than a thin sliver – a worm harmlessly winding its way across the land. It was quiet up here. The river was too distant to speak to him of its wild currents or of the life teeming along its shores. And somewhere on the other side of the river, far away from where he had begun this journey, was the land of his ancestors. 
He would place his markings here, Mawthrag decided. Close to the stream as it traced its way down the mountain, he would place other stone markings. Neanderthals would follow him. Once here, they would understand. Exhausted, but determined to find a cave, he urged Shan to follow him. The ape stopped whining and circling and followed his companion. The mountain was not very big at the top, and they made a complete tour of it in less than two lengths. In that short time, however, Mawthrag began to cough and became very weak. 
He had never been sick before, and this uneasy physical weakness scared him. He was about to head down the mountain and was looking for the rocky path to the mountain stream, when Shan suddenly veered off, heading back to the rock face. Mawthrag watched him disappear into the side of the mountain. The ape called once and the unmistakable reverberating echo could be heard clearly in the thin mountain air. Mawthrag gathered his last strength and followed the call.When Mawthrag got to the cave, he understood how Shan had found it. Inside the tall pointed cave mouth, Shan sat licking a piece of the shimmering rock. He was eagerly licking the minerals and recoiling from them at the same time. Mawthrag gathered a few of the mineral pieces and took them outside. He placed some at the mouth of the cave and some along the path leading back to the small beginning of the rocky stream. 
Mawthrag went back to the cave and patted Shan on the back. He motioned for them to leave. Awakened from his rock-licking trance, the ape realized that he didn’t want to be left alone and headed out of the cave with the Neanderthal. Mawthrag pointed down the mountain, and Shan sniffed his way back to the place where they first emerged from the clouds. Mawthrag could barely move his fingers. They were frozen into useless claws. With a great effort, he pressed them together and warmed them in his armpits. This wasn’t very good for balance though, and he had to bring them out again when they started descending through the mist. 
It was now Mawthrag who was dependant on the ape. Half frozen and nearly breathless, he called out like a lost baby whenever Shan went so far ahead that he couldn’t see him. Thankfully, the moist air was easier to breathe, and the temperature was warming as they progressed down the mountain. After the gruelling walk through the clouds, they were greeted with a blast of warm air. Mawthrag collapsed on the sparse grass to collect himself.
The sun was still up and had not moved far across the sky. But Mawthrag could not tell how long they had been up on the mountaintop. All passing of shadows had seemed to stop up there. Perhaps they had even spent the night up there. As he sat on the ground, got his breath back, and drank from the stream, though, he realized they had only been gone about four shadow lengths. In that short time, he had seen the world turned from top to bottom.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Once back in familiar territory, the Neanderthal and the ape found a well-worn mountain trail. By late afternoon, they located the rest of the ape family. Father Yan only grunted at the return of his son. Brother Shen, however, was delighted to see his play companion and greeted him with a few thumps to the arm and screeches into his ear. Shan was not interested. The trip up the mountain had been exhausting, and he wanted a comfortable nesting place, not an exchange of punches.
Mawthrag had found all the pieces and was ready to tell his story. Somewhere on the other side of the river, Neanderthals would have to contend with the clever and vicious skin people who had his line markings. They would manipulate the markings and make them their own. But up here, Mawthrag could mark his story and the story of the Neanderthals. He knew that other Neanderthals would come. He would put stones with images they would recognize close to the river’s edge. They would follow these stones up the mountain. 
The moon might dance across the sky many times before it happened, but Mawthrag believed that one day, the Neanderthals would come. They would cross the river, and they would find his stone markings. They would follow the stones up the mountain to the cave. Just as a grown tree was influenced by which way the predominant wind blew while it was growing, by the insects that inhabited it, by the animals that frequented it, or by being rooted on good ground or bad, so had his journey influenced the final resting place of the line markings. The Neanderthals who found it would understand. His markings would guide the way. When they reached the summit, their story would be waiting.
Lying there, his body sore and tired, Mawthrag tried to calculate how long it would take him to complete his work. He would have to carve the rocks down here and take them up to the cave and arrange them at the top. It would be impossible to work for any length of time in the thin cold air. After he finished on the mountain, he would have to come back down and lay the guide rocks. Would he live that long? 
As he lay fretting rather than planning, little Yan-Yan came and sat beside him. She sniffed at his ears, causing the Neanderthal to shudder and roll over. He wished he had a fire. He was too lazy to build one, though, and reasoned that even if he did, it would cause chaos among the apes. However, a Neanderthal would need to know the symbol for fire. As he fell asleep, he drew and redrew the lines for fire in his mind.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

The apes did not consider any of Mawthrag’s behaviour aberrant. They accepted that he lived slightly outside their rhythm of life. Mawthrag could fall in with the pack as naturally as he could withdraw. There were no demands on him to perform any specific duties other than not to challenge the supremacy of Father Yan. Of all the diverse animals on the mountain, he had proved to be the most beneficial complement to the group. He had enough in common with them to put them at ease. He had feet and hands similar to theirs, he ate their food, he helped them gather it, he took care of the young, and he did not challenge the head male. He had no vicious claws or carnivore teeth. When he started smacking the rocks with other rocks, it was viewed as behaviour equivalent to Shen’s stone throwing or Shan’s rock licking. To the apes, it was natural to spend lengths of time studying a blade of grass or a dewdrop dangling from a leaf’s edge. It was part of living to watch the clouds roll across the sky and to consider the variety of smells emanating from a freshly-dug root.
The apes watched Mawthrag as he gathered armfuls of stones, sorting them and banging them repeatedly. They watched as he flattened the earth and scratched at it with twigs and sticks, brushed over it, flattened it again, and re-scratched it. One thing that fascinated them was his intensity. It was obvious from his focus and persistence that something would come from all this. But for now, the rocks were still rocks, and the earth still earth. No food came from this activity. Stones were being rearranged, and earth moved, but there was nothing to eat or drink. So for a few days, the apes watched Mawthrag, but after a while, they left him to his rhythm, and they continued with theirs. 
Mawthrag devoted his entire waking day to his project. He became a storm of activity. He put all cares about personal safety aside. It was certain that travelling the same path each day and making a loud pattern of sounds put him at risk. His compromise was to make a couple of hand axes for defence. His life and his work could end at any moment. The thought didn’t hamper his progress – instead, it encouraged him. Mawthrag also knew that his creation would not have an immediate reward. It would never benefit him in any significant way. 
He could not enrich his status by it. He could not collect better food after its completion. He could not make rain or fire from his line markings. What he could do, however, was to capture day and night. Just as the mother Neanderthal extends her family by bearing offspring, so too his line marks would carry his story, the Neanderthal story, through the rising and falling of many suns. He would bring Kuup back to life, and he would tell the story of the thieving skin man. He would introduce the peaceful life of the mountain apes to the Neanderthals who would see the line markings. He realized that he would need to construct a mountain of new marks that were capable of making the story. The rising of the sun signalled that he could begin his day and the setting of the sun meant that he could rest.
In the beginning, he encouraged Yan-Yan to copy his drawings in the dirt. He gave her a sharp stick and some simple lines to follow. Every time it looked as if she might be copying them, however, it turned out that she was following her desire to connect two points. It might be the space between her toe and a small stone, or the space between a fallen leaf and a blade of grass. She could not see that the lines were independent marks with stories behind them. It was a small disappointment to Mawthrag, who had half hoped to pass the meaning on to his new companion. 
Mawthrag instead showed the youngster how to use the scraping tools to get bark off trees. Certain bark from certain trees was worth scraping because it was edible and nutritious. Mawthrag had noticed that, on lazy afternoons, the apes sometimes chewed on branches from one particular tree.They spit out most of the outer bark, but they seemed to ingest the succulent layer around the centre of the branch. He gave Yan-Yan a little demonstration on how to scrape the bark with the sharp flint. Once the bark flesh was exposed, she needed no more instruction. Using her good hand, she quickly learned how to compensate for the broken arm that had mended somewhat off-centre. 
While the elders were uninterested in trying the technique, they were amused to have little Yan-Yan feed them strips of bark from her scraping. Father Yan and the elder female Yans were skilled in the technique of bark removal using teeth hands and toes and didn’t find any advantage to using the tool. Shan was very interested in the tool, although he wasn’t keen on using it to scrape bark. But Mawthrag had made the big scrapers as defence tools and, while he was willing to let little Yan-Yan have one of the smaller ones, he was unwilling to part with the sizeable one that Shan coveted. The shadows grew long one afternoon as he tried to coax the tool out of the ape’s possession. Finally, when he realized that it was distracting him from his work, Mawthrag gave up and let Shan run away with the flint. His brother followed him into the forest. Doubtless, the pursuit was as much about annoying his sibling as it was about proving he could capture the tool.
 Mawthrag turned everything into an opportunity to create a mark. Following the arguments with Shan over the tool, he created lines for “run,” “hide,” and “share.” He found that while it was relatively easy to come up with line combinations to represent things, it was more difficult to make representations for feelings or states of being. He could tackle this by trying various combinations and introducing more curves and composite characters. As his pile of new marks grew, the amount of time it took to bury them each night, to prevent possible redistribution by apes or other forest creatures, took longer. Busying himself with the burying and unearthing, Mawthrag became increasingly concerned with another logistical problem.
His original idea with the line language was to teach it as he was creating it. Kuup had been the perfect pupil. He could link the characters to the item, and he grasped the concept of creating new marks. Then their disappointment at having the line language rejected by their tribe was countered by the enthusiasm of the skin man. The line language proved that it could cross species barriers. The spoken patterns of the skin man and the Neanderthals were different, but they could be brought together through the line markings. And split by it too, Mawthrag reminded himself.  
One day, as the sun was setting, Mawthrag sat in front of his pile of carved stones. He kept his finished rocks of various hues of blue, green, and brown in a small pit which he excavated every day. They were now inside the pit waiting for him to cover them with earth. A full moon was rising over the mountain. With the sight of the moon, he had a new thought. He might need a painting of each marking to help the Neanderthals understand his meaning. The enormity of this project would add untold lengths of time to his work, not to mention the very real concern that it might be impossible to find pigments, mix paints, and then paint in the bone-chilling air near the summit.
Mawthrag held one of his completed stones under the moonlight. He rocked it slowly, studying the luminosity of the stone and the way the moist earth had stained the carved lines. This was the stone for “moon.” He picked up another stone that meant autumn. Now he had autumn moon in his hands. He could very simply explain moon in a pictograph, but how would he do a picture for autumn? 
And after the mark for autumn, there was a pit full of marks that would need explaining.  He looked up at the moon, hoping for further inspiration. Behind the moon were countless stars of varying size and shape. Mawthrag knew from studying the moon that if you scrutinized it on a night when it was only partially illuminated, you could see the dark outline of the whole moon. Any Neanderthal would have the same reference point. A footprint represented an animal, a broken branch meant something had passed too close. A gathering of dark clouds meant it was about to rain. Mawthrag would create a few explaining marks and leave the rest to determination and curiosity.
He would take his first cache of stones up to the mountain cave tomorrow. He would look for pigments on his way up, and if he ran out of daylight, the full moon would guide him in the evening. Mawthrag finally fell asleep huddled near his open rock pile. The apes had moved to a safer sleeping grove.  

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Mawthrag was unsure what season it was. When he had left his homeland, things were getting dry. The Neanderthal pattern of movement was to go to the woodlands when things dried up, but he had moved in the opposite direction, into a territory that didn’t seem to change much with the seasons. But one morning, he could see his breath. It was the very morning that he had planned to take his first carved rocks up to the mountain cave. It was not just the mist issuing from his nostrils and mouth that caught his attention but the distinct chill in the air. It was the same cold he had felt at the top of the mountain, and it seemed, as he watched his breath steaming in the cold, that the mountain was exhaling bitter air down towards him. He unfolded from his sleeping fetal position and stood in the sunlight.
The warmth of the sun helped take the edge off the sharp mountain air. Mawthrag stood in the silence and tried to think what was different about this morning. There was an eerie quiet, and he strained to catch any sounds at all. Water dribbled over the rocks in the distance. Then he realized what was missing. There were no birds. Overnight, the season had changed. Mawthrag had been so absorbed in his work that he had missed the little nuances which signal change is about to happen on a big scale.
While he regretted not having animal skins for warmth, what he wanted even more was a basket. He was skilled at constructing brushes, and mixing pigments and paints, but not at building baskets. That was specialized work that had always been done by someone else. Now, shivering in the cold, looking at his exposed pile of stone carvings, he felt silly for expending so much energy on worrying about the difficulties his fellow Neanderthals might have interpreting his marks. He had neglected to consider how to move the stones efficiently up the mountain. There was nothing to do except carry as many as he could and hope that time and strength would allow him to finish the task.
Gathering the cold stones in his arms, he headed towards the stream. The moving helped increase his body heat, but it also put demands upon his system for food. He stopped to drink and to eat some berries and roots. The apes were nowhere in sight. He again had the eerie sensation that the seasons had run away from him. But he plodded steadily on and switched his concerns about the shifting seasons to the sequence he would use to arrange his marks. He intended to start with a birth story and expand it to include the marks from the cave painting. 
As he ascended the mountain, following the stream, he noticed bits of red clay nestled in the rocks. He paused to run his fingers over some. The clay was smooth, but was it potent enough to use as a paint pigment, Mawthrag asked himself. 
Having no place to carry it, he scooped up a handful and put it in his mouth. It was metallic tasting but otherwise reacted like most clay – it made his mouth dry and pasty. He scraped his teeth over his tongue to create more saliva, and this activity served as a distraction from the cold. Mawthrag quickly moved to gather some flint, and a handful of twigs from the few scraggly trees clinging to the stream for life.
When he reached the end of the stream, he remembered to put a marking so he could find his way back down the mountain. He put down his rocks and twigs, and fixed a stick stripped of leaves at the place where he would start to climb down. 
Mawthrag’s body winced at the blast of cold air that hit him at the top of the mountain. The sun was not out. It was still morning, but it seemed as if the clouds had risen up the mountain with him. Luckily, they were not so thick as to obscure his view of the cave, and he made his way directly to it. It was cold. Everything was cold. When he spat out the red clay, it steamed in the cold air. He would not be able to do without fire. 
Despite the moisture in the clinging cloud, he was able to get a spark to take on some shredded bark. He brought the first fire made by Neanderthal hands to the mountain. As the anaemic flames illuminated the slanted cave walls, he saw that they were stark, void of life. The bats were living elsewhere. He warmed his hands and studied the cave for a starting point. He decided to begin with a portion of the wall that jutted out slightly and was the first noticeable feature. The rest of the cave was fairly narrow. The walls slanted into one another sharply, and the cave closed abruptly not far from the mouth. He walked the full distance to the back. He walked back, trying to calculate how many stones he could fit into the cave. The feeble fire lapped at his heels, when he sat beside it for a brief time. Fire was greedy. He would rather live without it, but as it restored movement to his stiff fingers, he thanked every Neanderthal who had ever had a hand in teaching him the technique of starting a fire.  
Mawthrag picked up one of the flints he had used to start the fire and scratched the figures of two Neanderthals into the wall. One man and one woman pointed down to the cave floor. With a mixture of spit and clay in the palm of his hand, he filled in the figures with crude outlines. Then, beside them, he made the marks for man and woman. With the leftover clay, he made a mark of his full open hand on the cave wall. 
The fire was craving more wood, but Mawthrag was not willing to feed it any more – he couldn’t. He had only brought up a handful of rocks, and now that his initial painting was in position, he wanted to place the stones and head down to warmer climate. He put the first mark rocks into sequence: “Neanderthal, Up, River.” He stood back and examined the effect. If Kuup were here right now, he would read those marks and know. Mawthrag paused. That was it. 
Feeling light-headed, he tried to remember how long he had been on this side of the river. Standing in the cold, with the faint heat radiating from the tiny fire, he bent down to warm his fingers. How many moons had changed shape and how many suns had risen and set since he arrived? How many more would pass after he had gone? He knew that the cold would preserve his line markings, though. At that moment, the fire went out, and in the thin air, his head began to throb.
As Mawthrag left the cave, he noticed a strange substance falling from the clouds. It landed on his hairy arms like grey flakes of charred wood blown from the fire. Yet these flakes were not windswept ash from his fire. They were cold to the touch. On inspection, he saw that they were perfect little patterns. As he brought his arm to his face to take a closer look, he felt the throb again in his forehead. 
His body was telling him to move. Through the gentle drifting flakes, he could see the solitary stick marking his route back down the mountain. This was the cold frozen rain that the Neanderthal elders had talked about. They had come from a land where winter brought white rain from the sky. The white rain would cover the land, and in the spring, it would melt into little pools and blend into the rivers and streams. 
As he descended and acclimatized to the warmer air, the little flakes riding on his hairy arms melted into water droplets. Mawthrag licked them. It was the mountain stream water. The mountaintop clouds fed the stream, and the stream fed the river. Mawthrag was not here by chance. He knew this now. He had been carried here by the river, which had allowed him to survive against all odds. Then, he had been drawn to the mountain and followed its stream up to the summit. Here he had seen, touched, and ingested the tiny particles that were the beginning of the river. It was an affirmation. 
He was following a course, an actual line. He had been making a path like the trail of a cat through the undergrowth. His path would be found and followed by others. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Just as the river adjusted its path -- so too did Mawthrag. He changed his plans to suit the environment. He built himself a semi-permanent shelter in the grove where he did his carving. His experiments with baskets were a dismal failure, and he abandoned the idea quickly. However, carrying the stones in his arms made him feel like a mother nestling her precious creations. In this way, even carrying the stones to the mountain cave was imbued with significance. Without the influence of other Neanderthals or apes, he became centered on the work of carving.
The pliability of the rocks made them easy to break. Hitting them too hard would split them. Dropping them on the rocky streambed could smash or crack them. But when they split, he saw that most were blue inside. There were many different outside appearances to this particular type of rock. Although they were all relatively smooth and vitreous on the surface, some were sandy and almost colourless, and others were dark blue. Regardless of colour, they all had a similar unevenness when they broke open and a similar glittering inside.
There was no one to share this knowledge with. The apes had disappeared. He suspected that like most creatures, they moved with the seasons. Fortunately for him, it seemed that the cat had also moved. Happily, its scent and paw prints were now absent on the quiet mountain. Although the temperature had dropped, and the food supply was not as abundant as it was before the birds had left, Mawthrag found the mountain habitable. In his makeshift home, he was able to retain most of his body heat at night. He found he could bring up his temperature by sitting still and willing his body temperature to rise, for at least half a length of time in the morning. During this sitting period, he either imagined what lines he wanted to draw or he waited for a mark to come to him. Sometimes he put a blank stone on the ground and stared at it, hoping the lines for the mark he wanted to make would show themselves. 
Otherwise, the physical activity of quarrying, carving, and carrying kept him from being too uncomfortable in the cool season. He had to shorten his visits to the cave because of the cold. Even if he built a fire, the mountain was covered with cold white, and it was too bitter to stay much longer than the time it took to drop off his inscribed rocks. 
The advantage of the many stone approach to laying out his story, as opposed to a fixed wall painting, was that he could change it if he was not pleased with the arrangements. Unfortunately, he was constantly altering the arrangement in his head and at the cave. Even when he had promised himself he wouldn’t spend time 
arranging the stones, he always made an effort to sequence them when he was up there. Since the cold was a preventive from doing too much physically, he planned his arrangement on the way up. But he rearranged them mentally on his way back down. At times he became frustrated over his inability to leave the marks in the sequence he had laid out on his previous visit. He also fretted about the marks. 
He had created a line mark for “take,” which was a long horizontal line ending with a downward hook and a dot floating in the area under the hook part. This looked like an outstretched hand pulling in a fruit or a stone. In his sequence describing the theft and violence of the skin people, he used the mark “take.” Now he wasn’t sure it was strong enough. He left it in the sequence but went down the mountain trying to rework the mark into something that expressed more violence. When dealing with such conflicts, he gave himself the rising and setting of two suns to solve the problem. If it couldn’t be done in that time, he moved on to the next mark or sequence. This discipline kept him moving forward with his work, even in the extreme cold.
He had never bothered to build a fire in the forest grove. Not only did he not have anything to cook, but he felt it was not cold enough down here to merit building one. Mawthrag was also keenly aware of the destructive properties of fire – unless a fire was carefully controlled, a quick wind could spread it onto the flammable surroundings. In the cave, he could easily control the fire.
Thankfully, the cold white flakes never went farther down the mountain than the top of the stream bed, and as the days grew longer, the white cold began to retreat. The retreating snow was the first perceptible change Mawthrag noticed. Following this, he saw the stream beginning to swell, and new shoots pushing their way forward around the periphery of trees and shrubs. The energy this caused was visible, and when the buds were just about to burst, he saw their power manifested in a vibrant haze around the tree-top canopy. It was so engrossing that, after he had dropped his carvings off one morning, he made his way up to the summit of the mountain to see the entire canopy intensified by the verdant activity. The very next day the birds returned. 
Mawthrag needed a respite from the cold and an infusion of energy. His diet had suffered, and consequently, so had his health. He had lost weight and now had an arched back caused from hunching over his carvings and walking with the heavy stones up the mountain. Studying his hands one night, he realized he was getting old. There were not many old Neanderthals.  
He tried to straighten his fingers, but couldn’t do it without straining and forcing them to stretch out. They relaxed back into a claw-like position. His hands now closely resembled an ape’s hands. His hairs seemed to have become thicker, and there were whites ones showing clearly among the dark and tawny brown. He looked at his reflection in the swelling stream. Everything is advancing, but I am receding, he thought. He returned to the grove.
As he was sorting stones, he heard the far off cries of a young ape. His friends had returned. Before he could unfold his bent frame to search for them, Yan-Yan burst into the grove. The stern cries of her mother were right behind. She paused slightly at the changed appearance of her Neanderthal friend, but when he showed her his outstretched arms, she jumped up into his grasp. He checked her broken arm. It had healed crooked, but her fingers were able to move with enough dexterity that she could pick through his hair and pull out a few bugs for consumption. Mawthrag laughed. 
Once the group had settled, they began to investigate the modifications Mawthrag had made. His carving pit was almost empty. Not that they would have known he was nearly finished his project, but they did remember his distraction with the stones. Shen was first to put his hands into the pit and be chased away by Mawthrag. Curious but not wanting to anger him, Yan-Yan nodded towards the pit. Mawthrag pulled out one of the last stones. It was the name symbol he had designed for himself. It was a full circle with a straight line entering from the top, stopping at the rim of the circle and continuing a short distance at the other end of the rim. It meant “new moon born.” 
Mawthrag had the inspiration for this mark one night when he had held his walking stick up to the moon. At first, intending to measure the moon by the segments on the stalk of grass, the Neanderthal had instead been more impressed by the effect of seeing the two elements together in the sky. The walking stick was long gone, but he remembered. The moon, by its shape and by its changing from light to dark, was the cycle of events, and the stalk was the Neanderthal’s spear shaft, his paint brushes, his walking support, and his back bone. The vertical line was the starting point for his line language – it pointed to the sky, and it connected the clouds to the earth. The circle was at the centre of everything, from flowers, to the patterns of raindrops in the water, to the centre of an animal’s eye. It was the sun-orb that made heat in the day and the moon-orb that made light to see by at night.  
Yan-Yan observed it for a moment, and then banged the stone onto the ground several times. Mawthrag gently released the rock from her hand and flattened the earth out before him. He took a twig, scraped a copy of the symbol into the earth, and then traced the outline on the rock. She seemed to be studying the lines, but soon lost interest and ran off to her mother. After being comforted and reassured with a maternal hug, Yan-Yan returned to Mawthrag. This time, she wanted to investigate his sleeping cave woven branches, bunched-up leaves, and mud. This structure was more fun than the rocks. She poked her head in and out and rolled her body around in the small cave. 
The most changed member of the group was Shan. He was now almost as big as Father Yan. Shen had lost interest in Mawthrag’s project and was busy consuming buds from the low-lying branches, when Shan approached Mawthrag’s tool pile. He rummaged about for a moment and selected a good-sized flint. He grunted and moved off to a corner of the grove. On a sickly branch was a gnarled and puffy section of bark. Shan pulled the branch off the tree and settled it between his grasping feet. He tore into it with the flint, exposing a lovely nest of white grubs. He licked several off the bent bark and offered the rest to Mawthrag. 
The Neanderthal ate all he could consume and paused to watch his ape friend. Shan had not only learned how to use the tool and had adapted it to his needs, but he was able to demonstrate his new knowledge to Mawthrag. The ape was able to learn and to teach what he had learned. It rekindled an idea.
Mawthrag retrieved a similar flint from his pile and rejoined Shan. When they had finished eating, Mawthrag cleared some grass away with the flint and made the symbol for tree in the earth. He pointed to the tree and redrew the lines. Shan sniffed at the ground. He looked again, then picked up his flint and abandoned Mawthrag. He carried on scraping bark at the other end of the clearing. Unless there was personal gain, either food or shelter, to be had from doing this activity, it would not interest the apes. None would be able to comprehend the lines. Even so, as he watched Shan stretching his long arms in preparation for a nap, Mawthrag admired his strength. The Neanderthal would need the big ape’s help to complete the last stage of his project. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT 

Mawthrag rejoined the rhythm of the apes. No longer obsessed by his daily routine of carving, he relaxed into the natural pattern of ape life, with the relief of one who has found a cool spring after spending a day in the scorching heat. Now, the most basic undertakings were interesting again. Chewing on the petal of a simple white flower, watching a spider spin her web, and letting the rain run over his eyes and cheeks – all these things he did as if for the first time. He was contented to live in the brief, fleeting moment of the present. 
The sun had never felt so good as it did now warming his bones. He decided that his bones would be his final marker – the way to ensure the markings were linked to the Neanderthals was to leave his own bones in the mountain cave. Up in the cold preserving air, they would last for a long time. He did not dwell on this thought – he let it pass through his mind and returned to lying in the sun and watching the clouds. 
His work was near completion, at least the mountaintop part. Once that was done, he would have to put the markers along the stream.  His thoughts turned to time, impermanence, and death. As pleasant as it was down here, living on the fringes of the marvellous canopy, he did not want to die here. He did not want to become a meal for the stalking cat. He remembered the old mammoth who had wandered away from his land and his herd. He remembered how they had hunted him down and how Mawthrag had been told to represent the old mammoth as a young beast in the cave painting. The argument over the portrayal of the beast had put fuel on a fire of dispute that might not have burned so fiercely otherwise. Perhaps if Gorky had not been so fixated on the mammoth portrayal, he would not have extended the argument. 
Mawthrag could hear the singing of the children as they walked back from the hunt with the mammoth meat. He heard his Neanderthal brothers and sisters talking around the fire. Somewhere in the grasslands or perhaps somewhere walking near the foothills of this mountain, there were other Neanderthals who would discover his creation. Somewhere they were being born. The old would die and the young would carry on. Hopefully, their journey here would not be as gruelling as his had been. 
Now he thought about his own mortality. He did not look forward to death but he knew that his final act would prove to his fellow Neanderthals that the cave writings and the line language were a Neanderthal creation. They would hold his bones in their hand. They would smell them and feel them. He would die in the cave with their story. He could not die here. He would have to die in the cave.
Somewhere down near the grasslands, the skin men had left the bones of his tribe as a grisly reminder. But those bones would not continue to lie as they had been. Animals and insects would long since have descended on them, taking them from their resting place, not from a desire to eliminate another species, but because of their own need to survive. But the actions of the scavenger creatures would conceal the skin men’s violence that had not been done for survival. The violence done to his tribe was different.
Mawthrag looked up to the summit. Things were different there. On the top of the world, there was no battle of any kind for supremacy. However, there was energy, a force that you see, even from the far away riverbank. 
As the shadows stole the warmth from him, he tried to roll back into the sunlight. It was becoming increasingly harder to make simple movements without the groaning of bones and tired muscles. The day was beginning to cool, and the apes were stirring. Mawthrag thought he would try again to get them interested in learning.
He coaxed Yan-Yan to come for a lesson by offering her some flowers to eat. When she asked for more, he gave her a stick and tried to suggest that if she could copy the lines, she would get another flower. This only frustrated the little ape, who had already learned that the kindly Neanderthal always just picked the flowers and gave them to her. She banged with the stick on the ground and then chewed it. Mawthrag gave her the flowers and moved on.
Next, the Neanderthal motioned for Shan to come with him to the stream. It was close to that time of day anyway, so the curious Shan headed off with Mawthrag to drink from the stream. Father Yan called after them. Once they had drunk their fill, Mawthrag showed Shan how he could make his own scraping tool by banging at a piece of flint with a harder rock. He knew that even for a Neanderthal, it took several years to become proficient, but his purpose was to get the ape interested in learning. If the learning caught on, perhaps later he would take to the line markings. Fortunately, Shan was keen on the present idea, and although his results were rough, he managed to split some rocks into something resembling scraping tools. 
Mawthrag tried to show him how he could take the split rock and scratch a pattern onto another softer rock. He watched with interest and when the scratching was done and Mawthrag handed the finished product to Shan, he took the rock, sniffed it, and licked it. He licked it again. In spite of the scraping, it had not turned into food. 
Mawthrag encouraged him to stay while he made another impression on the other side. This time he drew his name symbol – the circle with the line through it. He held it up to his chest. He banged on his chest, and he banged on the rock. He traced the symbol, and he held the rock up to his chest. For a moment, it seemed as though the ape was interested in solving the problem. He looked at the rock then at the Neanderthal, disinterested he bent down to drink from the stream.
Mawthrag returned to banging out flints. He paused for a moment. The ape lifted his head from the stream, and the Neanderthal tightened his grip on the stone. They became silent. In the back of their minds, they had heard it coming moments before, and the sound caused them to pause. Now, it was too late. 
In the time it took to shatter a piece of flint, the huge black cat pounced onto Shan’s back and sunk her teeth into his neck. Mawthrag’s first instinct was to hurl his stone at the cat, but she had engaged the ape in a death roll, blending the two creatures into one struggling form. The bite was not deep enough to incapacitate Shan, and he reached his arms back in an attempt to pull the animal off, but he was fighting against her powerful legs and the grip on his lower neck. Mawthrag jumped onto the tangle of struggling beasts and slashed at the cat’s throat. She wouldn’t let go. He shouted instructions at Shan to try and steady himself on the ground, so that he could get a good shot at the cat’s head, but the ape was flailing around, fighting for his life. Mawthrag knew he had to take a risk. He straddled the cat as best he could, grabbed the flesh between her shoulders and smashed at her head with the sharp flint. It was enough force to get the cat off the ape’s back but not enough to kill her. 
The enraged the cat now turned on the Neanderthal. She rolled, coming up on her feet and making a lunge straight for his throat. Mawthrag knew he couldn’t turn away from the cat or she would pin him to the ground, minimizing the use of his hands. He shielded his face and throat with one hand, his other holding the rock tightly. 
As the cat jumped, she bit into the hand that was shielding his face and clawed at the side of his head. Mawthrag staggered back under the weight of the attack and fell to his knees. He tried to keep his weight forward so he wouldn’t be flattened against the ground. With his free hand, he slashed at the cat’s head and throat. The stone he was using was as sharp as any meat-eater’s tooth, and the force he used was fuelled with the rush of life that was now surging through him. He could feel the injured animal loosening her grip, but she too was fuelled with life force and perhaps starvation. Every time Mawthrag felt the cat loosening her jaws, he felt her will them closed again. Mawthrag smashed at her repeatedly, and the cat finally rolled off. She was shaking her head, and despite her crushing injuries, she seemed intent on relaunching her attack on the Neanderthal. Mawthrag was having difficulty moving his injured arm, and he was afraid he couldn’t get it back up to his face in time before the next attack. He decided to go on the attack himself.
When the cat was at her lowest in the crouch formation, just as she was ready to leap at him, Mawthrag hurled the rock, hitting her squarely between her eyes. The beast stumbled back for a moment and then readied herself to spring again. Mawthrag was preparing to crouch down to grab another stone, any stone at this point, when suddenly Shan jumped on the cat’s back and slashed at her with his flint. Mawthrag joined in, using a rock from the stream, and between them, they sent the starving cat to her death. 
Now they had their own misery to contend with. The ape’s injuries were not as bad as Mawthrag’s. The thick fur and skin on his back had shielded him from most of the damage. But the Neanderthal, with his much thinner covering, had his defensive arm badly shredded. No major arteries had been punctured, but the cat’s teeth had gone right through the joints at the base of his thumb, and on either side of his wrist. Her claws had also left considerable gouges on either side of his ribs. Mawthrag went into the stream to lie down. 
The cold was inviting. It poured over him like a soothing hand, stroking every wound, and cooling the temperature of his fighting spirit. He stayed in the stream until his feet and fingers became uncomfortably cold. As he was emerging, he heard the panicked cries of the other apes as they arrived on the scene. Father Yan put his fist on the cat’s carcass to ensure that she was dead. There was an awkward moment when it looked like Shan and Father Yan were going to get into a fight, but when the two softened their stances and touched knuckles in agreement, Mawthrag assumed that the younger ape had been relating the violent encounter. 
The attention then turned to Mawthrag. While he had managed to slow the bleeding from his sides, his hand and lower arm was running red and had obviously been disfigured in the struggle. Mawthrag moved to the carcass, and in front of the curious group of ape onlookers, he used the scraping tool to pull a strip of skin off the cat. Pinning it with his elbow on the ground, he shaved off what he could of the hair and took the crude bandage to the stream. He rinsed and scraped it as best as he could and after packing some leaves around the wounds on his arm, he used the skin to tie them up. 
The apes were disturbed by the cat-skin bindings on Mawthrag’s arm. They sniffed at them and turned their noses up in disgust. They did not, however, prevent him from joining them back in the grove, and Mother Yan made a nest for him. 
Under the light of the moon, Mawthrag felt his life slipping away. In a dream, he saw the little clear mountain stream begin to run red. The redder it became, the faster it ran, and the faster it ran, the wider it became. As it hurled down the mountainside, it was as wide as the huge river. The churning red mountain river spilled into the brown river raging from the grasslands and turned it a dark red. The dark red river now ran past strange scenery that Mawthrag had never seen before. There were whole ranges of mountains and forests of giant trees. Some trees were so close to the river’s edge that their branches dangled into the water and were washed by the current. Their roots sucked up the dark red water, and the leaves on the trees turned red and brown. The wind whipped the river from the top, and the earth pulled it from below. Then Mawthrag had the sensation that he was flying. He could see that the river was falling over an immense cliff and into a huge body of water. The water turned red as the river poured into it. Mawthrag felt himself losing altitude. He fought to stay airborne, but his weight dragged him over the cliff. He plummeted into the endless expanse of red water. But it wasn’t cool. It was fiery hot, and Mawthrag began to choke from the unbearable heat. He pushed with all his might to get his head up for air. He managed to surface but was greeted by a gust of freezing wind. 
Mawthrag woke up choking. He spit up blood and went back to a fitful sleep.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

If the cat hadn’t been so impatient and hungry, she would have stalked her injured prey and waited for it to collapse. But because she did not wait, the cat was dead, and throughout the night, the apes heard the scavengers coming to take life from her death. The rodents had a feast. The host of insects drawn to the decomposing corpse enticed the bats, and over the tree line, arose a communal buzz of feasting. 
Morning didn’t come too soon for Mawthrag. He was feeling extraordinarily cold. He sat up and watched the sun rising. He tried to bring his body temperature up by moving around, but it was difficult, and he had to cough up blood after several breaths. But he knew he had to collect his last few stones. He tried to move the fingers in his bandaged hand. They were too swollen and damaged to move. The apes were beginning to stir. Yan-Yan approached him with caution. 
She was not so much afraid of the smell of the cat as she was of his obvious physical distress. She gingerly perched on his legs and motioned for him to pass her some flowers from the thorny branch. Mawthrag had to put her down and stand up to get the last remaining good ones. After getting her treat, she ran back to Mother Yan. 
Mawthrag went to see if Shan was in any condition to move. The ape was obviously sore from his encounter but otherwise was able to move all parts of his body freely. From force of habit, Shan followed his friend out of the grove and onto the forest path that led to Mawthrag’s old camp. Father Yan jeered at them as they left but made no motion to stop either of them. Yan-Yan did not follow.
The forest had already reclaimed most of Mawthrag’s tree and mud shelter. It had collapsed under the weight of the rain and mud, and new growth was bursting through the fallen roof. Mawthrag went straight to his storage pit, and with his good hand, he excavated the three remaining rocks. Shan came close to watch and was disappointed to see that there were no big sharp flints. Mawthrag laid out the final three stones for the mountain cave. The first one was tree. He had saved a copy of this mark to help in his teaching. The second one was the mark he had made for ape, and the third was his name. Shan sat and watched as Mawthrag traced in the earth beside each stone the complementary picture mark. Mawthrag emphasized each mark by touching its namesake. 
He did this in silence repeating the exercise until an uncontrollable cough captured him. Shan responded to the coughing with agitation. He pounded the ground. Mawthrag gathered up his stones folding his bad arm over his chest he forced a stone into the space between his elbow and ribs. The second stone he placed at his wrist, and the third he jammed into his crooked fist. The ape was ahead of him, and he led the way back to the stream. They hadn’t gone far when they passed the fallen black cat. They paused for a moment, more for the sake of the curious ape, who wanted to make sure she was still dead. Once convinced, he caught up with the Neanderthal, and they retraced their steps to the summit.
The cool air bit into Mawthrag’s punctured lung. He moved slowly and methodically towards the cave, leaving a path of blood and mud-smudged footprints across the mountaintop. Once inside the cave, he collapsed, and let the stones roll from his arms. The one in his fist would not be dislodged, so he let it rest there. Shan followed him into the cave and was instantly drawn to the charred remains of the fire. Confused by the smell, he kept advancing to and retreating from it. Mawthrag was content, realizing that the small pit would keep the ape away from his carefully laid out sequence of stones set in the ground about two paces away. 
Mawthrag dragged himself to the fire pit and picked up a piece of charcoal. He picked it up and licked it. Shan did the same. At first, he recoiled from the taste, and then he tried it again. Mawthrag took the charcoal and drew the symbol for his name onto the rock at the edge of the fire pit. He banged on his chest. He drew the mark for ape and patted Shan on the shoulder. The ape licked the charcoal again. 
Mawthrag picked himself up and walked to the entrance of the cave. Close by were several fallen slabs of rock that had slipped from their position on the rock face leading up to the summit. With his bad hand still clutching the stone, he tried with his good arm to shift one of the big flat stones. He might as well have been trying to move the whole mountain. He dislodged the stone from his hand and tried again, this time with both arms leaning into the stone. Shan got the idea and tried to give him a hand. It was a wasted effort. Nothing was moving except the ape and the Neanderthal.  
Then Mawthrag noticed the rock was leaning against the shoulder of the mountain peak. If they climbed just above it, and pushed with their feet, they could shove the rock away from its lean-to. He called to Shan for help. Suddenly, Mawthrag felt light. He didn’t feel the pain or the weight of his injuries. Consumed by this new vision, he scurried into position and called to Shan again. The ape followed and copied the Neanderthal in pushing the rock away. At first it wouldn’t budge. Undaunted, Mawthrag shifted his position and helped Shan do the same. They both pushed hard, and the huge rock began to give way. 
Mawthrag had Shan help him collect stones of any size and shape. They threw them behind the massive rock. As the stones accumulated behind the sheet of mountain rock, it moved noticeably away from the face of the mountain. They pushed at it again, and the rock broke free from the mountain and smashed in pieces on the ground below. Mawthrag had not planned on the rock splintering when it hit the ground.
He couldn’t stop to survey the damage. He proceeded as if it were always his plan to cover the mouth of the cave with small pieces of rock broken off from this large one. Shan was interested in some of the sharp-edged pieces that had been created during the shattering, and he become absorbed in studying these while Mawthrag tried to patch up the entrance. He put up enough rocks that it now looked like a “touched” place. He admired his small accomplishment and went inside. He told himself that when he finished in here, he would gather more rocks and start carving the markers he intended to put along the stream.
He lay down to rest beside the lifeless fire. He fell asleep. As he drifted into sleep, he heard the distant padding of the mountain cat’s paws over the cold stone rocks. He tried to warn Shan, but in the time it took the Neanderthal to inhale, the cat was upon him and at his throat. Her jaws closed down so hard on his throat that he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t exhale. He felt his life force flowing from his body into the cat. He felt the pulse of the beast as she stood over him, attached to his throat. The shadow she cast was so dark that he couldn’t see her when he opened his eyes. As the cat drew his life energy into her own body, he felt her growing stronger. His heartbeat slowed. His fingers and feet felt like they had been sitting in the cold white rain.
This must be a different cat, thought Mawthrag. She is not desperate like the last one. The cat sat patiently over his body, holding onto his neck. Mawthrag realized that he had dropped his stone outside. Too late. The cat released him from her grip.
Shan heard something inside the cave, and he stopped his rock investigation to check on his Neanderthal friend. He found Mawthrag lying on his side, curled up between the fire pit and the rocks laid out on the cave floor. The ape was still unsure about the burnt wood, but he clambered around the small obstacle to touch the motionless body. He knew instinctively something was wrong. He called into the Neanderthal’s ear and pulled at his arm, but Mawthrag didn’t respond. For a while the ape paced around the cave, alternately smelling the body and sniffing at the long-extinguished fire. Then he stopped pacing and sat opposite his friend and watched over him for a while. Once he was certain that Mawthrag was not waking up, he bent over, touched his lips to the Neanderthal’s head, and scrambled out of the cave. 
On his way out, he tripped over the stone that had fallen from Mawthrag’s hand. It was his namesake stone. Without stopping to study the stone, Shan dropped it. He took some of the larger pieces of rock and moved them in front of the cave where Mawthrag had started his door. It was a crude way to finish what the pair had started, and it left several holes, especially at the top where the massive entrance rocks joined in an apex. Shan stepped back. He looked at the rocks that now filled in the cave mouth.
The ape turned to the sharp stones that had shattered from their mother rock. He selected the largest one he could find and positioned himself in front of the huge stone they had placed at the cave entrance. First he drew a crude circle, and then he scratched a relatively straight line coming out of either end. He looked at his work and traced over it again. Shan rubbed over the marks with his hands. Through the wall he called one more time to Mawthrag. But everything was quiet on the mountain.
The ape picked up the namesake carving that Mawthrag had made and placed it at the foot of the cave doorway. He stopped and listened again. A cold wind blew. He vanished down the path towards the stream. 
The cat climbed up to the top of the mountain peak. Full of life, she jumped into the air. As she stretched out, she gained altitude jumping higher than the mountain peak. When she was high enough, she relaxed. Her muscles fell away from her and melted into a tranquil cluster of clouds. The sun moved the clouds gently towards the horizon. 

The end. 


