Death’s Door

By
Ger Conlan

Copyright 2018 Ger Conlan

First Edition

License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Cover and illustration by Zheng Han Lai
https://www.instagram.com/77tsutsu/
Chapter 1


“Please, just meet with him and show him the house.” Colm pleaded.“I’ve no one else who can do this.  Mel’s on holidays and Brian is already with the Foresters.”
I had my coat on and had been about to leave work when the phone rang. In retrospect, I should have let it go to voice mail, now my boss Colm Roberts was asking me to show a prospective client one of the many houses the real estate firm had on the market. 
The problem?
I’m only the junior receptionist with no house-showing experience whatsoever. In fact, the only reason he hired me was because of a framed piece of paper, currently mounted on the wall behind me, touting my status as a graduate of interior home design. According to my student loan repayments, it was a costly piece of paper because I’d not so much as designed a dog’s kennel since receiving it. 
Still, Colm was adamant that The Roberts Agency offer a home décor service. The reality was people either preferred to go with a known and trusted designer, referred to by friends, or they waived on the offer so they could pay the mortgage and put food in the fridge of said new home. So, I answer the phones instead. That pays so well, I have a second job, for which I was already late. 
“Colm, who wants to see a house at six o’ clock on a Saturday evening... in the winter...when it’s dark!?” A serial killer maybe? 
Normally, I was timid in responding to people in authority, but Colm’s easy-going management style made our interactions casual and honest. He was my boss, but he was also someone with whom I felt comfortable speaking my mind. 
“Exactly Linny! It’s Saturday evening...” he sighed. “Wife, dinner-tradition-I-did-not-know-I-signed-a-contract-in-blood-to-uphold? Need I say more?” 
“Okay, fine” I grumbled. “...I’ll risk life and limb for bricks and mortar. Who, where and which house?”
“You’re the best! And not dramatic at all.” 
I couldn’t help but giggle. “Go on before I change my mind.” 
Okay, he’s some Yank, just got off the plane in Shannon, says he’ll be there in a few minutes to see ahm....Banba.”
“Banba??!!” I didn’t mean to shout, it just came out that way. Nasty surprises can do that. “My Banba!!!”
“Linny” he warned an octave lower, “it’s not your Banba because you have not purchased it.”
“We had a deal Colm Roberts and you’re reneging on it!”
“I am not, Linny Harkin. And it’s not sold, yet. Just let the Yank look at it, recognize it for the hideous, haunted, run-down shack that it is and he’ll be running in the opposite direction in no time.”
“Do not sell to him,” I cautioned.“I already told you a million times, I’ll have the down payment in less than three months.”
“I’ll never understand what you see in that ruin, but I promise, I’ll do my best to dissuade him, should it be necessary. And call me later to let me know all limbs are intact. Cheers!”
While I waited for the client to show up, I dropped my bag on the desk and began texting my friend, roommate and co-worker, Gwen.  ‘Some Yank wants to buy Banba. Grrrrrr. Have to show him the place –like now!! Cover for me at the bar? Will be at least an hour late. Sorry.’
I dashed to the bathroom for a quick pee and was in mid evacuation process when I heard the front door creak open.
“Hello?” A strong male voice called out.
The Yank. Damn! I quickly finished up, washed my hands then checked my reflection in the mirror and winced at how my green eyes were blood shot. I was burning the candle at both ends lately. Two jobs, too much overtime and a movie addiction were to blame. My long wavy blond hair looked dishevelled enough to qualify me for an 80’s hair band member. The remedy, a hairbrush, was in my bag, which was on the desk by the front door, so I’d have to do as I was. 
“Hello?” he called out again. “Anyone home?” 
Yes, I live here! “Coming” I called while quickly making my way into the reception area where a tall, thirty-something well built, blond haired man with a sun kissed face stood in a solid stance.  He wore khaki cargo pants, a white t-shirt and a black leather bomber jacket. His tan boots were brand new and of the type men wore on construction sites. He showed me a dazzling white set of perfect teeth Europeans considered to be typically American. His green eyes were sharp and quickly roamed over the entire office - myself included - albeit with a discreet sweep. He held himself straight enough to convey, unknowingly perhaps, that he had some sort of armed forces experience. Military maybe? Or was that just the buzz cut?
“Evenin’ M’am” he nodded. “Ah’m Lonan Scott. Ah’m here to see uh, Mr. Roberts.”
Hhmm.. American alright. A Southern man I’d say from the drawl. I approached him with a smile excavated from some long-gone maternal coaching in manners and introduced myself. “Hello, I’m Linny Harkin.” I didn’t want to shake hands as mine were still half-wet from washing them. Rude perhaps, but I thought so-what, he’d get over it. “I’m afraid Mr. Roberts isn’t available this evening, but perhaps I can assist you? He said you were interested in seeing some houses.” 
“That’s mighty kind of you, Miss Harkin. Ah’m sorry for the late hour and Ah appreciate the trouble y’all are goin to on mah account, but Ah’ll only be needin’ to see the one house. I believe y’all call it Ban-Buh.”
	Ban-Buh??? Good God, this was going to be painful. I couldn’t wait to see his face when he saw the place!

“You can follow my car,” I offered lightly once we were outside on the street. “The house is in the countryside, so not many streetlights.” Be honest! “In fact there are no streetlights whatsoever. It’s quite isolated.” Easier to dispose of my limbs too.“Bit hard to navigate the road at this hour, especially when you don’t know the area.” 
His hand brushed through his cropped hair as if he was uneasy. “Would y’all mind terribly if Ah went in your ve-hee-cul? S’just that...well, Ah almost had five accidents just drivin’ in from the airport. Ah sure find it hard this whole opposite side oh the road drivin’ ‘n the narrow roads.” 
Feck!!Shite!! “Sure!” I responded with a tight smile. I cleared my throat nervously and just like a model in The Price is Right, show-cased the car parked directly in front of the agency. “....tah-dahhhh!”  His eyes widened so I hurried to assuage his concerns, “it’s got quite a few miles on it, but it’s reliable!”
I’d never had such a large man sitting in my old Renault 5. It was almost comical to see his discomfort at being squeezed into such a compact space. 
“Y’all got this from the Leprechauns??,” he quipped cheerily.
Oh. Dear. God!! Tell me he didn’t just mention Leprechauns? I’m going to gag. If he asks where the fairies are, I’m showing him the door not the house! 
“Or maybe it’s for them fairies y’all live with!!” He laughed loudly at his own joke. “Ah can’t believe how small this is!” 
Yes, the car was very small. Technically, it wasn’t even mine, it was my brother Edan’s, but I hadn’t seen him in the past two years, so I guessed he wouldn’t mind me borrowing it–all the time.  I’d have to eventually face my sibling’s wrath when he’d discover it no longer looked ‘restored-to-mint condition’, but I’d deal with that atomic bomb when it would go off. 
“Ah apologize” the Yank offered when I wasn’t reacting to his jokes.“Ah really did not mean to offend...Ah just.....” 
 “You don’t have to apologize, Mr. Scott. If the Leprechauns or Fae are offended, they’ll let you know.” I almost burst out laughing at the confused look on his chiselled features, but kept my lips pressed together stifling the giggles. 
“Uhm....this car’s in really good condition for its age. Who all did the work?”
I glanced across to see if he was serious, or just trying to lead up to some other mythical lore joke again, but his eyes roved around the car and his hands tapped the dashboard in some sort of seal of approval. “Edan.” I answered. “He’s the youngest of my four older brothers and spent years restoring it.” Before he left home and then completely forgot we ever existed.  
I was the baby of the family and all of my brothers, once they reached thirteen years of age, were sent to some sort of military boarding school, far from the city and our lives. They all joined the army, supposedly into different ranks, and all four communicated sporadically with my father, but not so much with my mother, and not at all with me. However sparse the contact they kept, all communication stopped after Dad died two years ago. In fact, not one of them even attended the funeral, something that completely baffled me. 
How could four men, all supposedly stable and successful, be too busy to bury their own father?
Sure, cards, flowers and offers of condolences were sent, but what good was that?  Maybe they had intended on coming home as soon as they got leave, but then Mother found someone to replace Dad three weeks after the burial, so they probably didn’t feel in any hurry to visit after that.
“Man’s got some serious skills. He do this for a livin’?”
 “See what I mean?” I asked while pointing toward the windshield. I put on the high beams hoping my comment deflected his question. My family was the last thing I felt like discussing.  “The country roads are always dark and dangerous to navigate.” 
“I know a guy who restores old cars. I’m sure he’d love to have your brother work for him.”
“I’ll let him know,” I lied. Our family was weird and dysfunctional. Mother was no longer like a mother because she was completely in love – brain-mushed-up love. Cupid’s arrow had hit her straight through the heart and remained firmly lodged there. I sometimes wondered if she was having an affair before Dad passed away. It was the only way to explain her hooking up with someone else so soon. Or perhaps my parents had never even loved each other? Now in fairness, Mother’s new man was not a badperson. He seemed to have been hit with a similar cherubic arrow. 
Their constant lovey-dovey sessions were gag-tastic, especially as she had never been demonstrative like that with Dad. Come to think of it, my parents were quite Victorian in their displays of affection. But with this new beau, I felt like an intruder in their love nest. So despite Mother’s protests, I moved out as soon as I could. That’s how I met my best friend Gwen Rowan. I found her ad in the classifieds. 
Female non-smoker seeks to share 2 bdr flat with male or female human. No aliens! They’re not reliable. I’m very easy-going, so I do not have OCD when it comes to keeping the flat clean, nor do I have a problem with overnight guests or pets. However, I will have a problem if you don’t pay your rent on time and can show you the Hurley stick I use to encourage prompt payment.  
“So what kinda car’s your brother working on now? Anything American? Or does he only do European cars?”
“Couldn’t tell you. They all look the same to me. Only the colour differentiates them –not the brand or model.”
“Really?  Only the colour makes a difference?”
“Sure. My friend Gwen drives something tiny and dark green. That’s all I know.” 
“Wow! Weird.”
Gwen was weird and we got on great from the get-go and I was so grateful to have found in her the sister I never had. An extrovert, who was tough, sassy and flirtatious, Gwen loved her job at the busy city center bar. Her recommendation got me in there part-time to supplement my income, but I could never handle the patrons like her. Be it the comedic drunk, or the downright belligerent, she handled them in a non-conflictual way that would be the envy of most diplomats. 
Because I had no skills of that kind, I tended to do background work as much as possible, like stocking shelves and helping with the inventory. Serving drinks was the toughest and while I managed fine, I wasn’t one for interacting. 
Some customers would try and pull me into their lives, troubles, fights, but I remained distant enough that they lost interest in talking to me. It wasn’t that I didn’t care what they were going through, I just didn’t know what was expected of me. Was I to give advice, remain silent, or even shake them up with a pep-talk? I preferred avoidance, which gained me a reputation of being ‘special’ – as in, not the whole shilling - but I didn’t care, as it afforded me the social sanctuary I needed.   
Lonan’s voice took me out of my reverie.“...and well....Ah guess that’s why Ah’m real anxious to buy Ban-Buh.”
Shit!!! I had totally tuned Lonan out. Feck!!Feckity Feck!!!!I could hardly ask him to repeat himself, but I really wanted to know why he wanted to buy a wreck of a cottage in a barren field in the middle of County Limerick. “Hhhmmmh...that’s very nice,” I nodded, not having a clue if that was an appropriate response or not. 
“And you’re already sure you’re buying it? Even without having seen it?” My jaw was beginning to hurt from trying to keep a smile in place when all I really wanted to do was drive him straight back to the airport, brandish a rolling pin while shouting ‘and don’t you come back noh more, ya hear!’
He flashed those big white teeth again “why, yes m’am. As sure as they come.” 
“Please, it’s Linny...M’am is....more uhm....Queen-ish as in the Queen of England.”
He chuckled at that. “Mah apologies, M’a..Linny.”
“We’re almost there,” I announced, turning from the narrow secondary road onto a waterlogged dirt path that hid mud holes deep enough for most cars to lose their wheels in. I knew exactly how to avoid those traps, although the Renault leaned heavily from side to side as we slowly slalomed our way to the cottage gates. 
“I guess that road needs fixin” Lonan said with a frown. 
Yipee!!!. The reality check begins. “Oh..that’s not a problem at all. The contractors will have that repaved in less than two years.”
“Two years?? That’s a mighty long time for somethin’ Ah know would only take a couple of weeks, max, to fix.”
“Yes, but here permits are difficult to come by. And there is so much red tape in getting all the paperwork in order. It’s quite a daunting task even for the locals. I would imagine it would be even more difficult for some-”don’t say foreigner, don’t say foreigner “-one not local, to go through the process.”
His expression told me he didn’t really believe that, so I quickly pulled the keys from my pocket and thumbed toward the house “it’s too dark to see much of the exterior, but you can go inside and have a look. I’ll be there in just a moment.” He nodded, took the proffered keys then got out. 
Do not drive away, I chided myself before pulling up the hand brake and turning to my obsession. Banba, aptly named for the ancient patron Goddess of Ireland. Originally it was spelt Banbha and I smiled to myself as I imagined Mr. Scott trying to pronounce that. 
For reasons I could not explain, the run-down house called to my soul creating a burning desire to not only call it mine, but to hold the deed in my hand. Sounds odd, I know, but it was my deepest truth. 
Three months earlier I had been updating Colm’s files and happened across the photograph of Banba. It was listed as ‘sale-inactive’ meaning it had been on the market unsuccessfully for so long, it was considered of little interest to potential buyers. Yet, something about that house appealed to me and the next day I drove out there to see it for myself. 
The property sat on a huge field whose boundary was defined with a low, flat stone wall typical of the region, in that it was constructed without mortar. Four uneven stone steps lead to a protruding front entrance with two windows directly on the left. Another two windows sat on the right, but this part of the house was set a little further back. A sloped roof rested on the core structure and an identical, smaller roof crested the main entrance, giving a double-roof effect. 
The place had a charm that Colm and Gwen vehemently refused to see. It was probably once a homely and cozy abode in the 1800’s, but had remained unoccupied for several decades and the neglect was evident. 
Colm’s father had inherited it when he bought the agency from a previous owner, but past records were too damaged to offer much information on its history. Despite the dilapidated state, I felt house-love at first sight, if there was such a thing.  
At first, I would find any excuse to just stop by and take a walk in the area, or simply sit in a field and appreciate the bucolic setting, but when I found myself fixing little things about the place, I knew, I had to make it mine. So, I made it my mission in life to buy Banba. Not easy when you’re a twenty-one year old earning just above minimum wage with a student loan to repay. But, I preferred to slowly repay the debt acquired for my education than touch the money I had so diligently saved since I was fourteen. I had numerous jobs from baby-sitting, house-cleaning, car washing, etc. Plus, Dad had left me a small sum and I was on the brink of sinking every penny of it into this. 
My original goal had been to travel as much and as far as I could. Buying a house never even entered my mind. That was a commitment reserved for young couples wanting to settle down and have a family, not for a cash-strapped single girl. So, I made a deal with Colm Roberts to buy Banba, even suggested I sign an official purchase-offer. He swore it wasn’t necessary nobody was going to buy the dump anyway. Yet, here I was, only three months from having enough for a down payment on said dump and a strange man from the other side of the ocean was taking my dream away. 
“Everything all right there Miss Linny?” Lonan tapped gently on the window.
I jerked out of my daydream and smiled, “just fine” I assured him and got out of the car. 
“Ah’ve already taken a look at the outer structure real quick,” he chatted animatedly. “I’ll get a better look at the grounds tomorrow, but if y’all wouldn’t mind taking me through the house, Ah’d ‘preciate it. There are some things I need to check.” 
Check if you have a heart, dream stealer!
As I passed through the four foot wrought iron gates, Banba immediately spoke to me. Wind whipped my hair around my face and I felt such a sense of belonging that the thought of losing this connection felt like a dagger to the heart. 
Silently, I lead Lonan into the house and waited while he wandered about like a wrecking ball. He struck his foot into a gaping hole in the living room wall which made large chunks of mortar collapse loudly in a cloud of dust. Several crows nesting in the rafters flew about, squawking loudly in alarm until they managed to escape out the front door. He then proceeded to knock on a wooden beam which crumbled to pieces and crashed through the rotting floor.
“Damn place has more holes than a rabbit farm.” 
The litany of flaws he continued to find were grating on my nerves. He saw no beauty, no chance to restore the house to its former state, nothing worth keeping. 
“Perhaps another country cottage would be more suitable. I can have Mr. Robert’s arrange for you to visit some of our other listings.” 
“Nah, this here is what I’m looking for. It’ll be easier to just knock it down and rebuild somethin’ more modern.”
“Knock it down?”  A feeling of desperation washed over me. I had to keep him from owning Banba. But how?  “Don’t think the fairies would like that.” My tone was light, but I was deadly serious. 
“The fairies???” His laugh was loud, deep and boisterous. “The fairies???” he repeated and guffawed even harder. “You sure are a funny girl, Miss Linny. Ain’t nothing with wings gonna be flying around this place when I’m done with it. Glass an’ concrete is the look I’m going for. Very urban, know what I’m sayin’.”
Convincing him to change his mind was not possible, but I’d be damned if I was leaving Banba to such a person. Right then a crazy idea popped into my head, well, it was more of a memory than anything else, but I felt compelled to do something, anything right now to get him away from here. “Sorry, left my phone in the car,” I lied easily. I’ll just pop out and get it.”
He shot me a look of disbelief and the honey, Southern-charm mask slipped to one where green eyes peered suspiciously at me. A second later the sweet, gentle man was back. That duplicity set off inner warning bells. Lonan was certainly handsome and charming, but there was a side to him that was not authentic. He was not who he seemed to be.
Stealing out into the cold night air, I dashed to the furthest, darkest corner of the field where two, low, jagged stone walls met. I wasn’t exactly sure how the hell I was going to do this, or if it would change anything, but I knew I had to try. 
My thoughts turned back to when I was six years old. I had just woken up from a bad dream in the middle of the night and ran the short distance to my parent’s bed, but found it empty. Too scared to go back to bed, or to wait it out alone, I made my way down stairs. The back door was ajar and a dim light glowed from behind the garden shed. I crept out silently then peered around the corner of the shed and saw my father dressed in a long black cloak, holding a jagged knife up to the moonlight. 
He didn’t know I was watching, but I felt waves of power envelop us. He uttered a string of strange words right before slicing a knife across his hand. He raised a small vial of blood, poured it into his palm and smeared them together before dabbing blood on his forehead, lips and throat. Then the words he spoke began to make sense - “blood of mine, to Asherah I do give, spirits of her dead, for you I will live. Share your power with me I plead, accept this offering from my heart it does bleed.”
Suddenly a blinding flash of light exploded around us. My father’s back arched as light pierced him all over. I took off toward the house running, but gave one glance behind me and saw my father picking up what looked like stardust falling in our back yard. I cried myself to sleep that night because I was scared of my dad and what he had done. 
I would never have imagined myself repeating such a thing. Come to think of it, I wasn’t even sure why he performed the ritual, but there was power in it and right now I needed power. Desperate times...and all that.  
Skimming my finger on a sharp edge of flat stone, I felt warm droplets of blood oozing from the cut. Kneeling on the dirt, I dabbed a spot of blood to my forehead, my lips and throat before working the blood into the moist earth, whispering my plea “blood of mine, to the earth I do give, spirits of Banba,  for you I will live. Share your home with me I plead, accept this offering from my heart it does bleed.”
A whirlwind blew around me so fiercely it knocked me off balance sending me face down on the dirt. Moments later after catching my breath, I rose to my knees and saw tiny, bright pulsating golden lights dancing about erratically. Reaching out to touch one, it landed eagerly in my palm glowing brighter with our contact. The other lights moved in fluid synchronicity before joining the one in my hand and forming one bright powerful beam. 
A presence, that of a powerful loving energy enveloped me completely, soaking my very soul in healing light. The warmth of this essence revealed the Spirits of Banba had accepted my offering. I marvelled at this strange, magical experience, but wondered how it would keep Lonan from razing the house to the ground.
Just then the golden cocoon covering me pulled back to reveal a very different Banba, one that under a golden, glowing sun, appeared as an oasis from the bleak winter, like a little piece of paradise. To my left, a large section of the field was a lush garden where a plethora of fruits and vegetables grew. Another section on the right was a play area for children I had never given a thought to having. There stood a man, or the form of a man, gently pushing a giggling child on a swing.
Banba was brightly painted and renovated to look joyous and cozy. Somehow I could see inside each room of the house and how it reflected what we were as a family. Just then, I saw myself step onto the patio holding a pitcher of fresh lemonade in one hand while calling happily to the man and child. My other hand caressed a heavily pregnant form. The man scooped up the child playfully and began closing the distance between us. I looked ecstatic, as if this was Heaven on earth. Right then, I understood, as clear as day, this is what Banba was offering me. 
This home, this life was for me, for the family I would one day have.
“I accept” I whispered fervently.  “I accept.” 
“What duh fuck have you done???!!!!” 
The thunderous voice scattered the vision, leaving behind the cold, star-speckled night sky. It stood in sharp contrast to the beautiful summer sun which had just caressed my skin and I felt a deep loss, an emptiness inside for the man I would love and the children I was to bear.
“Linny, what have you gone ‘n done?????????? There’s magic about here. Goddammit to hell!!!” 
I tried to answer but his fierceness had the opposite effect. My open mouth clammed up and I avoided his intense gaze. He suddenly bent down to my level, his nose sniffing the air like a blood hound. “Holy shit of shits.......you’ve gone done a goddamn blood vow!!!”
“I....I,” didn’t want to explain anything to this man, whoever he was. My connection to Banba was my own to feel and experience. He was intruding where he had no business and I wanted nothing more to do with him.
“C’mon now,” he continued impatiently, expecting me to extrapolate, “what was it? Tell me!!!!! Tell me exactly what you did here.”  
“Nothing. I-I d-did nothing.”
“Y’all are covered in blood an’ mud an’ Ah’ve got an energy flow blowin’ ‘round here that’d light up the AT&T stadium it’s so goddamn powerful.  Now that ain’t nothin’!!!”He stood, rubbing his hand over his head. When he saw I wouldn’t cooperate, he sighed resignedly, “ah gotta call this shit in.”
Taking out his mobile phone, he began pacing in front of me. When whoever answered on the other end, he barked words that were not English and I felt terrified. Who was he calling and why? Lifting myself off the ground, I slid around his retreating form, heading discreetly to the car. The estate agent role had been played out waaaay beyond its natural end. 
“Where y’all goin’?” He barked, standing solidly in front of the gates preventing me from passing. How he even got over to me so fast was mind-boggling. 
“I have another job, Mr. Scott” I said breathlessly “one for which I am already quite late. So, if you don’t mind.” I stepped around him, but he caught my wrist jerking it violently. 
“I sure as hell do mind! You’re gonna stay put ‘til my back-up gets here ‘n sorts this mess out!”
“Back-up? You mean another thug!” 
“I mean someone who will help clean up your fucked up mess!!!!!!”
Before conscious thought could override my body’s reaction, my hand reached up and my fingernails gouged deep into his cheek. 
“You son of a bitch!” He hissed in pain. 
If I didn’t make it home I was ensuring his DNA was going to get him convicted. But as his skin and blood met mine, a searing hot pain burned my palm, contorting my fingers into paralysis. I looked into his eyes and screamed as my arm convulsed, but he still held my wrist tightly. 
His eyes took in my contorted, rigid fingers and became wide with concern. “What? What’s goin’ on?”
“What did you do?” I squealed in pain while tugging hard to release my hand. “Let go!!!!”
“What the hell???”  
I tried to ask what was happening, but a guttural cry escaped my clenched jaw, sweat seeped from my forehead as my breathing came in ragged gasps. Christ, what had he done to me? I pulled away with such force, my head whacked against the wrought iron gate. For a second everything before my eyes disappeared. 
I’m not sure where the expression seeing stars comes from because there was no halo of stars whittling about, only darkness. When I could focus again, the ground was rising up to meet me, but I somehow never made contact with the soft earth. A strong arm wrapped around my waist pulling me up like I weighed no more than a feather. Nothing like living on minimum wage to keep you slim. 
My head swam. We were rushing past the gate. “Puke” I managed to articulate as he dashed past the car and further into the surrounding fields. If someone had given me a chainsaw, I would have sliced off my hand to end the unbearable pain. 
“G’on ‘n puke all you want,” he said tersely, “but Ah ain’t stoppin’.” 
I hoped his clothes were expensive because I didn’t hold back as my stomach contents flew through the air. Hang on! Flew through the air?  We seemed to be moving at great speed, which was impossible, but maybe the mind hallucinated after a bang to the head. Still, there was no mistaking flying vomit.
When we came to a sudden halt, he stood me up and held firmly onto my shoulders until I stopped swaying. “We don’t have long” he said breathlessly. “Ah need you to focus, mmkay?”
I held my palm open. It was difficult to see in the darkness, but the ugly red blisters rising on my skin formed a very clear, intricate design, like a symbol. “What is this?” I asked myself aloud.
“C’mon now!”Lonan shouted “Y’all gotta concentrate!!!”
“On what?” I screamed. “Concentrate on what!!!!”
“On what y’all are, goddammit!! Now Ah’m guessin’ Flamma, but y’all could be one of the Veiled, or maybe even a Central. You’re too much trouble to be a Curatti.” His hand rubbed over the light stubble on his upper lip and jaws, “so what are you?”
My chin trembled despite my best efforts to be strong. “Scared,” I sobbed, “that’s what I am.” Of course the waterworks started and I hid my face in my hands embarrassed by my inability to keep it together. Jesus, my breath stank!!
I felt the weight of his solid palm on my shoulder before he spoke. “Ah’m sorry Miss Harkin. Ah know this isn’t easy on y’all, but Ah need to know if you’re a Transitioned because if not, that means you’re a Hostile and that’s serious. We gotta sort y’all out real quick.”
It was then that I realized I was with someone truly disturbed and if I didn’t escape now, the police would be finding me scattered to the four winds. With what strength I could muster, I pushed hard against his solid chest then ran for my life. 
With the car in sight I began to feel hope that all of this would be nothing more than a lesson learned – no more house showing for me. Breathless and shaking all over, I pulled open the car door, turned on the ignition and released the parking brake. I reversed out of there with the pedal to the floor then lost control just before the engine stalled. When Lonan calmly sat in the passenger seat, I screamed like a Banshee. 
He looked at me with pity before raising a palm to silence me and for some reason I complied even if, internally, I was still screaming. “Okay Linny. We’re all gonna do this another way tomorrow.” His hand clasped my chin forcing me to look into his eyes. “You will listen to me now.” The need to escape somehow seemed less urgent. “You’ll only remember about bringing me here, showing me the house and me saying how I liked it very much and will buy it, even though it’s a piece of shit not worth what you’d spit on. No strike that! You’ll remember me saying it has great potential. Then you’re going to drop me off where you work and we’ll meet back here tomorrow.”  
His hand reached out, gently stroked my wet cheek before I felt his thumb put a tiny amount of pressure on my neck. I fell into an unknown oblivion.  


In a somewhat bewildered state, I entered the rear door of The Watering Hole pub, which, from the noise level, was in the throes of a typical Saturday night rush. My shift was to start at six thirty and it was now well past eight. Hanging my coat on the hook of the small hallway coat rack, my heart felt heavy, but I could not pinpoint the object of my dejection. Come to think of it, I couldn’t pinpoint a whole lot of anything, not even driving back from Banba. I mean I obviously had driven back because I just dropped off Mr. Scott and remembered pulling the keys from the ignition and locking the door. So, what was wrong?
“Finally!!!,” Gwen sighed dramatically as she bustled into the corridor.“I thought something had happened to you!!” She was pretty in an unconventional way. We were about the same height and build, but where I had long, blond hair, hers was shorter and black with deep blue highlights. It set off her dark eyebrows, pale skin and wide winning smile. 
“It’s been crazy here tonight.” She exhaled loudly. “You’d swear we were going to feckin’ run out of liquor with the way they’re climbing the walls for a drink. So” she placed a hand on her cocked hip, “what took you so l....”  She knew me well enough to detect that something was not right. “Hey...you okay, Ninnypotz? Did something happen at Banba with the Yank?”
I smiled inwardly, Gwen always called me every sort of nickname under the sun and I loved it, although I never admitted it. “No..yeah..I...mean...I don’t know.” My head shook in confusion. “I felt fine........an now, well..I don’t know.” Opening my right palm, my left index finger traced the skin lightly looking for what, I had no idea. There was nothing there. So why did it feel like there was? “I got the blahs, I suppose.” 
“Shaggin’ PMS” she offered with humorous conviction, “sneaks up on us every feckin’ month. You’d think those fellas in their lab coats would have a cure for it by now given the misery we’re supposed to be causin’ every male on the planet with our mood swings. If fellas were havin’ hormonal fluctuations the equivalent to Big feckin’ Ben’s pendulum it’d be a feckin sacrament.” 
I didn’t want to say PMS wasn’t the issue because I didn’t really know what the issue was, so I simply changed the subject. “You might want to get a take-away for supper. Fridge is empty until I get the groceries tomorrow.”  A sardonic smile crossed her lips and I knew she was bursting to tell me something special. “Okay...out with it” I encouraged with a laugh. 
“I’ve met someone and we’re going out on our first official date tonight!!” 
With her cheeky, flirtatious personality, most fellas simply went loopy for her. Not that she cared much. Compliments were superficial to Gwen and she didn’t do superficial. She said she trusted three people in her life, the bar owners Jerry and Josie and me. 
Life had thrown her some punches and she swore she’d only fall in love with a man who would earn her trust. It took some amount of betrayal to have such an attitude at only twenty years of age.
“You’ve met someone? When?” We shared every iota of information, so I knew she had never mentioned anyone before now.“And why haven’t you told me?????”
“Didn’t want to jinx it. That, and....well at first, I didn’t think he was interested.”
“For God’s sake, sure almost every guy out there is interested” I laughed. 
“It started with him coming in here on his lunch hour and we’d just chat while I’d take his order, then after a bit we started talking more and before long we were having our lunch breaks together. We’ve been meeting outside the pub to have lunches and picnics and well....he’s just asked me out for dinner tonight.”
She had that dreamy, far-away look in her eye and I couldn’t help but chuckle. “That’s a lot of lunches...now who is he?” 
A silly grin, the likes of which I had never seen before changed her entire face. Oh yeah! She was way beyond smitten. “He’s new to the city. Has been here over three months and is working with the engineering firm building the new industrial estate on the North side. And... he’s gorgeous.” 
“Well good for you!!” I encouraged. “So what does he do exactly?” 
“Lads!!” A ruddy-faced Jerry stood in the doorway to the bar and beckoned us with a strained tone, “I’m not a shaggin’ octopus. Need help out here.”
“Have fun and tell me all about it tomorrow!” 
As she put on her coat she turned me to face her, “that Yank won’t buy Banba, you’ll see.” 

Chapter 2


“But you promised!!!!,” I wailed. 
“Linny!” My boss pleaded, “for the tenth time, I told you I had to sell it to him!!! He paid more than the full asking price first thing this morning. Which, by the way, was two hours before you got here!!! Now you must have done a hell of a job for him to buy that place straight after seeing it. I tell you, if this is how we could sell all our property, you’re changing roles.”
“I’m never showing another house again.” 
“Look, Lonan phoned me during dinner last night and asked me to draw up the papers. After that I had to call the solicitor to meet us here first thing this morning. I was in the dog-house with the wife by the time it was all sorted out.” My expression showed I couldn’t care less about him being on the outs with his wife. “Linny, I’ll sort out a commission for you. It’s only fair you –.” Colm caught my disbelieving glare, “I tried to call you to...you know,”  he shifted uncomfortably “keep you in the loop.”
“The LOOP!!?? You didn’t even leave a text message!!!”
“I’ve a business to run here and I’m not going to say no to a sale!”
“Tell him you made a mistake,” I begged. “I’ll pay you every penny of my savings as a down payment. Today!”
“I’m sorry, but you know I can’t do that.” 
“You mean you won’t do that!” 
“No, I can’t! The papers are already signed! The money was wired to the bank account. It’s a done deal!”
“It’s Sunday for God sake!!! How can everything be processed so quickly?????”
“How would I know? He’s American! Maybe they bank 24/7. The point is the sale is closed. 
Usually these things took days if not weeks, but I was too focused on venting my loss. “You broke your promise Colm Roberts!!!” I accused. “And what does a feckin’ Yank want with a run-down shack in the middle of nowhere anyway!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
Colm shrugged, “didn’t he tell you? He says his aunt is facing an end of life situation and this was one of her dreams.”
“There are thousands of other cottages to be had besides mine!!!!” 
Fat embarrassing tears rolled down my cheeks, and I grabbed my bag and coat and stormed out. It was impossible to stay there feeling humiliated that I didn’t have enough to secure the house. But I was equally mad at myself for having a stupid goal of owning a shack. I drove off to the one place I should have avoided like the plague, but I knew at Banba I would feel comforted.  
When I arrived, I thanked the universe there was no sign of Lonan Scott then went around to the back, curled up on the large wooden step and let the vision take over one last time. Cradled in Banba’s warm embrace, I drifted off into a deep, trouble-free sleep.

“Miss Linny? Miss Linny? Y’all okay there?”
Opening my eyes, I found Lonan-Money Bags-Scott sitting beside me. He looked perfectly put together and calm. It took all I had not to tell him to get out of my sight, but this was his property now. I sat up groggily, looked around and saw the sun was low in the sky. 
Shit!! I fell asleep?? For hours??? No wonder I was freezing.
“Ah saw Mr. Roberts earlier ‘n he mentioned you weren’t feelin’ well today. Is there anythin’ Ah can get you?” He took his coat off and placed it over my shoulders. “Your bones are shakin’ there, you’re so cold.”
The hot anger from earlier had passed and now reality was sinking in that my dream was gone and there was nothing to do only accept the situation for what it was – a huge disappointment. I nodded a thank you and brushing my hair behind my ears asked “is that all he said?”
“Who?”
“Colm. Mr. Roberts, is that all he said?,” I asked despondently. 
“Ah believe so. Why? Is there somethin’ else he should have mentioned?”
“No. I was just curious.” I stood up, returned his jacket with a mutter of thanks and headed to the car. 
“Miss Linny?” he called out, “Ah need to ask you somethin’.” 
I turned to find him approaching quickly. A tight lump sat in my throat and I hoped whatever he had to say would be over with quickly, as I really didn’t want to cry in front of him. For some very strange reason I was getting déjà vu and began to feel a little scared. 
“Mr Roberts says y’all would know exactly how this place should be fixed up. Am Ah wrong there?”
“Oh God!” I exclaimed.“Colm told you didn’t he?!!!”
“Uhm...” he mulled looking genuinely confused. “You do interior designer, right?”
I nodded disbelievingly “it’s your home now. I’m sure you will turn it into exactly whatever glass and concrete thing you want it to be.”
“Now see, that would be accurate if this place was for me, but it’s not. Mah aunt sure would love this place restored to its original look, but Ah don’t have any ideas comin’ to mind on how to achieve that. Plus, Ah’m on a schedule here and sure would like to have this finished, as soon as possible. Would you consider helping me with the renovations? Tell me how you’d see things done? Especially those hard-to-procure permits.” He smiled widely, “Ah’ll amend the contract ‘n ask Mr. Roberts to include your work in the deal, make sure you’re paid fair ‘n square.” 
I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of excitement at the prospect of renovating the house according to the vision. I had to face the fact that it was sold and it was either heal or brood.  I chose healing. I was sure that whatever work I did would help me move on to....whatever else life had planned. “Okay...but I’m not sure you’d like my ideas.”
“How ‘bout you tell me about those ideas over dinner? Tonight? Unless you already had something else lined up?”
“I’ll meet you here tomorrow at noon.” Dinner was the last thing I felt like sharing with this man. 

Back at the apartment, my low spirits had me on automatic pilot. I took a hot shower, threw on a change of clothes but skipped supper. Pulling a full shift at The Watering Hole on an empty stomach was probably not a good idea, but somehow the sale of Banba was tied to my appetite. I had just clipped back my hair when Gwen swept in laden with glossy boutique bags. Catching the brand name, I balked. My frugal roommate had just blown a small fortune. 
“I know, I know” she gushed catching my expression. “You’re thinking, where is my friend and what happened to her budget?” 
Walking past me, she placed everything on the couch then whirled around clasping both hands together with excitement. “Linny, I had the most amazing time with Noah last night! He’s sophisticated, yet down to earth and attentive and so gorgeous and chivalrous...and I have never felt like this before. He makes me feel...well has made me feel from day one,” she hesitated, “like...like I’m special to him and..well...I want to be beautiful...for him...well for me too, but you know what I mean,” she laughed breathlessly. 
Seeing Gwen like this was a first. She was always so guarded and aloof. Something was very different with this Noah fella. “Wow...sounds like you’re totally bitten by a love bug” I teased and her face beamed back with an expression that told me I wasn’t wrong. “So,” I flopped down beside the bags, “spill the beans while you show me what you bought.”  I was going to be a little late for work, but Jerry and Josie would understand.  
She squealed with delight then stopped, “oh, I almost forgot to ask if the Yank is still interested in Banba?”
Hiding my disappointment, I waved off the question by peering into one of the bags and pulling up a heap of black chiffon with a crystal encrusted border. “Bling?” I asked in disbelief. “Gwen Rowan, you’d better book a wedding planner right now because if you’ve gone down the bling road, you’re already at the altar.”  
Her smile widened as she lifted it out of my hands. “It’s from Needle and Thread and according to the sales girl it’s an embellishment. Noah said we’d be going to a special restaurant tonight and I didn’t want to disappoint him.” 
“How could you disappoint him? You’ll look fab and he’ll be all agog.”
She became serious and I could see the deep seated insecurity steal into her bubble of joy. “He doesn’t know.”
And there it was, the Achilles’ heel to Gwen’s happiness. She had been badly hurt once because of it. The fallout of which was just sad. I hoped she never had to go through that kind of rejection again. “Do you plan on telling him?” 
She looked at her manicured nails and sighed. “I’m telling him tonight...but only at the end of the evening” she gushed, “so...so that I don’t ruin it for him.”
“If that ruins his evening then he’s an ass who doesn’t deserve you!” 
“He’s a good man, Linny” she said with a soft voice, “the kind I could be very happy with.” 
I could see she was teetering on the verge of tears and my heart broke to see my friend think so little of herself. “What does that say over there?” My finger pointed to a page from a quotes calendar I kept on the fridge for the past two years, for these low moments. I laughed at the fact our apartment was so small you could read something on the fridge from the living room couch.
“I know what it says,” she rolled her eyes in frustration. “You’re always drumming it into my head.”
 “Because it obviously still hasn’t sunk in! Now, I didn’t ask you if you know what it says. I asked you to read it, please.” 
 “God! You’re so bossy sometimes” she grumbled while trying to hide a smile. “Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.” 
“See?” I hugged her briefly. “If he’s falling in love with you, and I suspect he is, then trust that he will love everything about you. Okay?” Just then my cell phone chirped and I caught the call before it went to voice mail.
The loud voice on the other end blasted a string of complaints into my ear. “Jeeesus Jerry! Keep a cool head. I’m just around the corner,” a small fib, but it would placate him until I got there. “No, no, I’m not lying,” I giggled then gave Gwen a thumbs up and mouthed ‘have fun’ as I dashed out. 

“Eight pints of Guinness and eight Paddy’s,” Jerry loudly called out a customer’s order. The noise level was dense and being heard meant he had to shout. “Then get me twelve pints of Harp and fourteen Spittin’ Lamas.” 
It was the usual mad dash that happened every time Jerry rang the bell for last call, although I hadn’t stopped pouring drinks for more than ten seconds since arriving. Perspiration trickled along my back and upper lip as the heat of the large crowd and their rising inebriation stifled the natural flow of oxygen. In less than an hour, the place would be empty as most headed to the night club next door in search of more booze and anything else they could score. Others would simply call it a night and end up at the local chipper to feed other cravings.  
After sending off the last of the stragglers and locking the door, Jerry said goodnight headed into the back to place the cash in the safe before going home upstairs, a twenty second commute. I always enjoyed this part of the evening because being alone was the only way to recharge from the drain of the clientele’s energy. 
The clean-up ritual ended after I dropped the last of the rubbish in the alleyway bin. It was 1:00 a.m. which meant I’d have time to get in a movie marathon at home, get a little sleep and be at Banba by noon. Looking up at the starry sky, I drew in a few deep breaths of cool city air. It wasn’t fresh, but it was a lot better than what was inside the pub, sour beer and sweat.
Movement at the entrance to the alley caught my attention. A tall man stood with legs spaced slightly apart, arms akimbo. His size and stance didn’t give me the warm and fuzzies, but when he started to make his way in my direction, I dashed back inside and locked the door.  Instinct was telling me I had a visit from Lonan Scott. That made no sense, whatsoever because what business could he possibly want with me? 
Back inside the bar, I poured myself a glass of chilled white wine then settled on a stool and checked my phone. Five missed calls from Lonan and one voice mail to confirm he’d meet me tomorrow morning at Banba. Nine a.m. Pffffft! That meant no movie marathon because I’d have to be at Banbuh, I mocked aloud his pronunciation then shook my head at my childish ways. There was no need for nastiness. It wasn’t his fault my little corner of heaven was gone. Well it was, in truth. 
There was also a text message from Gwen. A huge emoticon of joy was followed by I told Noah!!! His response? He LOVES me!! Can’t stop kissing me!! Gaahh can’t believe it Linnypotz!! He says he has a plan. Not sure what that means. Will tell you more tomorrow. BTW...I won’t be home tonight. Another emoticon with a little devil head smiled back at me and I felt relieved that went well. 
She had just told him about Ally, her three year old daughter. Gwen’s family was bad, as bad as you can get. They kept her new born child, which was conceived when her boyfriend Roofied her as a joke, and two days after she gave birth, threw her onto the street. According to her father, it was punishment for whoring herself out to a man and dishonouring the family. 
She had roamed the streets weak, bleeding and leaking milk that had come into breasts with no child to feed from. She begged her parents to let her have Ally, but they wouldn’t let her near the place. She got caught sneaking in over the fence and her father beat her severely. 
They never allowed her to see her baby girl even though she did everything in her power to get her back. She wandered the streets for days until she collapsed from exhaustion and infection. After a short stay in hospital, she was taken to a women’s shelter. The people there, the police and social services tried to help, but in such a small city, they were quickly discouraged from interfering with the Kade family because everyone knew her father wasn’t called Killer Kade for nothing. 
To distance herself from the stigma attached to the family name, Gwen used her mother’s maiden name of Rowan. During that first year, she tried her best to be strong but depression eventually got the upper hand. One winter night, the bar owners, Jerry and Josie found her sitting on the edge of the river Shannon with only one thought and that was to end all the pain. Josie talked her out of the darkness by convincing her that little Ally would one day need her. They took Gwen into their home, gave her love, a job, but much more than that, they gave her hope. 
On Ally’s second birthday, an envelope addressed to Gwen was delivered to the pub. In it were many photos of a beautiful baby girl growing into a toddler. Gwen knew it was her mother wanting her to know that while she could not return Ally to her out of fear of her father, she would see that her little girl was being loved. Gwen cried bitter tears for all that she had missed out on and swore she would get her baby back somehow. Her father may be sitting in a prison cell, but he still controlled his family’s lives as well as a roaring illegal business. He had his men living at the house and they wouldn’t hesitate in killing her, if she dared try. Still Gwen was determined she’d find a way to get her baby back.
I responded to her text with a soooo happy for you, followed by a winking emoticon and a sleep tight quip. 


“This credit card’ll cover the cost of furnishing the place.” Lonan and I were in a local hotel restaurant having breakfast. A gentle harp strummed soft Celtic tones filling the room with a warm, cosy vibe. We had met at Banba as planned, but after twenty minutes heavy rain fell through the leaking roof, so, he suggested we continue our meeting here.
Over what had to have been one of the best eggs Benedict I had ever tasted, we covered plans for the renovations and miraculously, he was on board with everything I suggested, even keeping the original look. Of course I never mentioned it all came from the vision. The only things I modified from the revelation were the children’s rooms.
Knowing that he was willing to keep Banba’s original structure and not tear it down, didn’t ease the sting of losing the house, but it made me think, perhaps I should re-evaluate my opinion of the kind of man Lonan was. 
“You got a credit card in my name?”
“Sure” he shrugged. “It’s pre-paid. Makes things easier this way. Just scan me the receipts.” 
“You don’t want to approve the furnishings before I buy them?”
He laughed easily, “hell no. Got enough -”
“Same again?” the waitress approached and politely offered us coffee refills.
His sharp green eyes met those of the pretty waitress. “I suppose I could have one more for the proverbial road.” 
 “Which direction you headed to on that proverbial road??” she enquired with a wry smile while filling the cup. Apparently, she had guessed we weren’t together. How she managed to do that, I don’t know, but it made me feel like I was missing a radar other women had received at birth. 
	“Why? You need a lift?”  He responded flirtatiously while leaning back casually. 
“Not if you’re behind the wheel,” she teased.
His gaze held hers, “who says I’m driving?”
Okay! Time to leave! Taking my bag, as well as the pre-charged credit card, I stood to excuse myself but neither of them seemed to notice. 
“Not driving you say,” her eyes gave him the once over. 
I had intended going to the bathroom, but decided to go to work instead. The essentials had been discussed and I had everything I needed to start the project. 

Once the contractors were hired, renovations advanced at an incredible pace with three separate teams of workers covering day, evening and night shifts seven days a week. The wages paid were three times that normally paid ensuring there were no absences or departures to another construction project.  I oversaw the contractors work, those pesky permits and all manner of problems. Lonan spent most of his time back in Texas (I had guessed right on the accent), but was always readily available to Skype for issues that were beyond my experience to deal with. 
Needless to say most of my days were spent either at Banba, or shopping for everything a home needed to be filled with. Colm didn’t protest my absence at the agency and I guessed it was his way of apologizing for having sold my dream shack. 
Four weeks later, with the cottage transformed to its former glory, I took a break from working at the bar, and happily threw myself entirely into the decorating aspect.  Painting walls was just as therapeutic as filling the kitchen cupboards with every possible item Lonan’s aunt could need. 
As the work progressed, I found myself spending more and more nights at the cottage. Whatever work I was doing, I always seemed to finish late at night. Plus there were many furniture deliveries on some mornings, so I didn’t want to lose time commuting. 
Yep! That was what I was telling myself. 
Gwen dropped by once and could not believe the transformation. She understood the potential I had seen, despite the cottage’s neglectful state and thought it so sad I could not get to own it. I didn’t say the cottage continued to provide the same vision on a daily basis, which in one way, never allowed me to detach from the dream of calling it mine, but at the same time, gave much needed comfort and a temporary home until I worked out where to go to from here.   That brought a tight lump to my throat so I switched the subject to Noah. 
She had been spending as much time at his place as I had at Banba. Her smile said it all. She was beyond in love. The plan Noah had mentioned turned out to be amazing. He was to take legal proceedings against her family. His brother specialized in International law and took the case after Noah explained about Ally. It gave Gwen hope for the first time in three years. 

All too quickly the project came to an end. The landscapers had packed up the last of their tools and Banba was almost an exact copy of my vision. Lonan, who was on a short visit, walked me to the gate. “You did it Linny Harkin” he said warmly. 
“We did indeed.” I corrected him. “And it’s not too shabby, if I say so myself.” The photographs I took of the entire project were placed in my port-folio and would serve to, hopefully, encourage other clients to hire me.  
“So there’s only one thing left to do.”
I looked at him quizzically, mental lists scrolling rapidly through my mind. What could I possibly have forgotten?  “There is?”
“Well, the house warmin’ of course!!! My aunt and some friends already flew in last week. They’re staying in County Kerry right now and are gonna be here in two days. I’ll be joining them later today, but we’d sure love if you would be a part of the celebration.” 
That was the first time he mentioned his aunt and I wasn’t going to pry by asking about her health. “Well..that’s just -” before I could finish he leaned in and kissed me deeply. I was so surprised, I didn’t kiss him back, but I didn’t stop him either. The feeling behind the kiss felt odd, as if there was no emotion there. His teeth suddenly nipped my bottom lip drawing blood. I pulled away instantly. “What the hell, Lonan!”  Wiping away the blood, I eyed my smeared hand.
He stepped back, his expression angry. “I shouldn’t have done that,” he announced then walked off, hands deep in his pockets. 

The only reason I decided to go to the housewarming was because Lonan had called several times to apologize and ensure I would show up. Given all the work I put into the place, I felt I couldn’t refuse and decided to overlook that awkward moment, whatever it was. Plus, going to the house warming was the final step in my elaborate adieu to a dream. 
After some maniacal cleaning and ensuring the place had an unlived-in feel, I moved out of Banba the day they were due to arrive. Lonan and company had said the party was planned for seven that same evening, which gave me time to put some finishing touches to the place. 
A bouquet of fresh flowers was placed in the hall entrance. Some scented candles were strategically placed in the bathrooms along with freshly laundered towels which matched the shades in the bathroom. On the dining room table, I placed a long runner in natural tones with a delicate pattern of golden triquetras. On top of that were more fresh flowers, elegantly arranged in a golden gourde bowl with a carved Celtic wave design along the middle. With everything as perfect as it could be, it was time to leave. 
Placing my palm against the oak door, I whispered a soft goodbye to a place I truly loved. 

Being back at the apartment felt strange, unfamiliar, like it wasn’t home anymore. I wasn’t sure where home was. Maybe I’d find another Banba. Hardly likely!
Staring at the contents of my wardrobe, I realized, I had no idea what I should wear. Gwen had gone away for the weekend with Noah, but that didn’t stop me sending a quick text to ask for emergency fashion advice.
Is my birthday suit appropriate for tonight?
 She responded, Yes, if you’re hoping to be arrested or mauled. If not, wear the black chiffon, bling dress. It will be gorgeous on you. In fact, keep it! Hope it brings you amazing memories as it did for me! 
She sounded so happy with Noah, I was overjoyed for her. You’re the best. But will only need the dress for tonight. XX Linnypotz. 
Later that evening, wearing my nicest–okay, Gwen’s nicest black dress - and carrying a little gift of a porcelain Mother Goddess statue, to represent the name of the house, I crossed onto Banba soil. Under a starry sky, the place looked amazing. Outdoor fairy lights discreetly offered a gentle luminosity, the warm glow of light from the indoors promised warmth and love was to be found within. 
Closing my eyes, I stood still waiting to embrace the vision one last time. But the swell of wind never came, nor did the summer sunshine on my face. Perhaps the connection was gone because the place was renovated as in the vision? 
 “Linny?” Lonan called from the front door. The warm light from the hallway cast him in a welcoming, cozy glow. “Girl, what y’all doin’ out there in the cold?” 
“Coming!” I whispered and swallowed hard as I headed to the door. 
“Well don’t you look like an apparition” Lonan smoothed then held my hand tight as he led me into the foyer. An instant burning sensation seared through my skin and I jerked my hand back. “You okay there?”
It took all my strength not to cry out in pain as my throbbing fingers clenched hard.  Unable to continue on, I stopped to quickly glance at my palm. The skin was pulsating. Ugly red blisters were rising in an odd pattern forming what looked, for all-the-world to be, an odd shaped symbol. “Yep” I lied “just got a cramp in my hand.” I peered even closer at the eruptions and suddenly the pain eased and I felt able to converse again.
“Well alrighty then” he chuckled. “Follow me, Ah have some friends Ah’d like you to meet.”
Three people stepped into the entrance, a beautiful young woman, an older elegant woman and a very tall, muscular man with the longest, straightest black hair I had ever seen. His gaze held mine and I immediately locked onto eyes that were deep, jet-black pools. His presence was imposing, his features incredibly handsome and I felt intimidated like never before.  
“Everyone, Ah’d like y’all to meet Banbuh’s interior decorator, Miss Linny Harkin. She has very kindly done all this lovely work, alone.”
Gee, I thought we’d become friends! Obviously this was all about business tonight. I smiled and said “it was a team effort.”Lonan and both women laughed convivially but not the other man. I felt phoney in this charade and set my inner timer to ‘flee’ in five minutes. I would be happy to be leaving them behind– forever.
Lonan stepped over to the young woman and placed his arm protectively around her slender shoulder before kissing her hair. “Linny, this here is my sweet, sweet love, my fiancée, Evaline. She’s from Boston.” 
Really???? The man had a fiancée all along and never once mentioned it!! Especially not when he was flirting with that waitress or kissing me!! “So nice to meet you Evaline, and how lovely to learn of your engagement.”
“Lovely to meet you too, Linny,” she enthused. “I’m surprised Lonan never mentioned me to you before. I’ve been here at least twice with him. And I loved seeing the progression of the work.”
“You have?” I smiled and looked at Lonan, who quickly left Evaline to stand beside the older, but fabulous woman, who was like one of those tan, glam, yoga grannies. Her tight white satin leggings, long flowing white silk tunic and cascading grey hair made me wish I was fifty years older. 
“Linny, this here is my aunt Nessan. She hails from California.” 
If Nessan was ill, or near end of life, it certainly did not show. She looked the picture of health. Maybe he had another aunt who was ill. “Hello Nessan. I hope you enjoy your stay here in Ireland. Our weather is quite different from the Sun Coast, I’m afraid.”
“Well isn’t that so sweet of you, Child.” Her hands covered mine and there was genuine warmth in her eyes. “I look forward to spending time with you.” Her remark puzzled me, but I didn’t have time to ponder on it, as Lonan gestured toward the large man.
“Aaaand” he continued a little bit hurriedly “this is Nessan’s good friend “Otaktey Two Moons. But, he prefers we call him, Ota.” 
He pronounced the name Oh-Tah. He wore black pants and a black long sleeve t-shirt, which stretched across a taut chest and solid biceps. Those biceps were currently bulging out as his arms crossed his chest.
Lonan reached up and tapped the-six-foot-five man’s shoulder amicably, but received no reaction. Instead his black eyes held my gaze and as I stared at the stoic features set onto a truly beautiful face, I found myself speechless. Lonan saved me further embarrassment by continuing “Ota is Sioux-Native-American and also lives in California.”
Ota made no offer to shake hands, which seemed unfriendly and only added to my growing discomfort. “Well...lovely to meet you all” I smiled, while nervously making eye contact with each one. And then, as they looked back at me, I got a freeze-frame moment where a distinct impression formed of something not being quite right here. I felt like a fish in a bowl being scrutinized, for what end I did not know, but whatever it was, I took it as my cue to leave.
Raising the simple gift bag slightly, I placed it on the hall table next to the white floral bouquet, “a little something to represent your home.”  With a weak wave, I said “I’m sorry I...
Nessan turned coolly to Ota and said softly “Verificare.” 
That word sent shivers down my spine and every hair on my body stood on end. I was too polite to question what she meant. Most likely, she didn’t want me to know, hence the change of language. The large man moved one step forward and held his hand out for mine. I noticed how most of his wrist was covered with many thin black leather bands. Around his waist, a black belt held a unique turquoise stone in the center of an ornate buckle. He smelt faintly of leather and an earthy spice I could not name.
Whatever veriffycarry meant, it had spooked me, but I felt pulled into his arresting presence and without any resistance, stepped in closer and took his hand. Wtf was I doing?
 A goofy smile stretched across my face, my imminent departure quickly forgotten as I looked into his eyes. A strange power, a raw energy shaped like ghostly plumes of smoke stretched out from him and wove around my waist before pulling me, delicately, into closer proximity. My mind registered the fact that my feet hadn’t moved, still I could feel the heat emanating from his chest. A frown born of confusion formed across my brow.  Questions accumulated on my lips, but were never expressed, as his energy lightly caressed my eyelids, closing them softly. 
A rich, soothing voice echoed through my thoughts.  “Who are you?”
“Linny.” Didn’t he know that already?
“And why are you really here, Linny?”
My heart seemed happy, eager even, to answer him. Words were not necessary. I simply opened my thoughts, selecting the scene when Lonan casually sauntered into the office that Saturday evening. Less than twenty four hours later, my plan for Banba was decimated. I relived the disbelief all over again, of Colm announcing the sale, and the accompanying sense of failure and disappointment. However, the joy at being able to decorate the cottage became a balm which permitted me to gradually say good-bye to the visions and a love for bricks and mortar that I could not truly fathom. Tonight was the final adieu to my dream home, but I was fairly confident, I was moving on.
“I’m curious, Linny,” the deep voice brushed against my mind. “What are these visions you see?”
Discomfort washed over me as a barrier rose around my thoughts to hide them. It was one thing to reveal that owning Banba had been my deepest desire, it was another thing to expose its effect on me. 
Sensing my resistance, Ota’s voice felt it was directly inside my head. “I sense you have a very special connection to the earth here. A promise has been made. You belong to it and it belongs to you. There has been a joining. That kind of union is a gift from the spirits, something to be celebrated, never feared and especially, never hidden.”  
His words had an unveiling effect on what I was protecting. Somehow I felt his viewing of the vision would not be judged, would carry no criticism nor would it be perceived as strange. If anything, I felt relief that someone would finally understand what Banba meant to me; a kind of paradise. 
Cautiously, I pulled across a section of my mind’s veil revealing a portion of the field where the fertile, fruit and vegetable garden flourished. The summer light danced upon the plants swaying to a gentle breeze. Magic filled the air and I could feel Ota’s curiosity stirring. He was genuinely intrigued at not only what I saw, but also how I felt. Pulling the veil back further still, the section on the right came into view. A child, I knew was of my own flesh and blood giggled heartily while the form of a man I could not make out pushed it in a gentle rhythm. My head turned to view the cottage. It looked exactly as it did now - brightly painted and renovated to look joyous and cozy. My heart broke all over again and I choked back a sob. I had been lying to myself all along. I would never get over leaving Banba.
The wave of power retracted from the depths of my mind and my eyes opened.  The massive man held my gaze, his expression unreadable, but his energy felt soothing, like a comforting hug.  My eyes glanced languidly at a movement of his hands. A ribbon of thick smoke floated upwards in a dancing motion before forming into a distinct pair of full lips which mirrored Ota’s.  As my mind struggled to process the image, the lips planted a delicate kiss on my cheek before dissipating. 
Ota seemed very surprised, if his wide eyes were anything to go by. Nessan smiled and clasped her hands together. “Most interesting!” She declared excitedly. “I believe this is a first for you and something we simply must explore later. But for now, do tell me what you saw.” 
He did not respond, but remain transfixed on my face. His brow rose quizzically, his lips set in tight line. The intensity of his energy was fierce, but not dangerous, more frustrated than anything else. 
“Ota?” Nessan prompted. 
“She’s here to say goodbye.” His words flowed in the same deep soothing tone as before, holding no hint of his earlier perplexity. “This home was a dream that she feels Lonan has taken. It may not be hers on paper, but she remains connected through the soil, by the vow made in blood. No matter who owns the house, it will always belong to her.” 
“And within her?” This time it was Evaline, Lonan’s fiancée who spoke.  
“Within her is a spirit that burns to get out.” With a smooth whirl of his fingers, Ota conjured the smoky filament forming a symbol which had burned into my right palm minutes earlier. It floated a couple of inches in the air, swaying softly beneath the motion of his hands.
“Do you recognize this?” He asked of them without diverting his eyes from mine.
Nessan was the first to respond. “It is not from any of the houses connected to The High Coven or The Council.”
“A rebel clan?” Lonan asked inquisitively.
“Impossible!” Evaline interjected. “Rebels don’t come to this side of the realm.”
“Is she not a sibling of the Shadowed four?” Ota countered. 
Nessan peered in closely. “She is, but this is not their mark...in fact I have not seen something like this in all my years as Elderen.”
“Her power is unprocessed, extremely strong and very volatile.” Ota’s voice pulled me away from Nessan and I felt like I hung on to every breath he took. “That makes her an easy target, should she be discovered.” 
“I made an error in waiting this long.” Nessan tsked. “I should have done as Lonan suggested that first night and Transitioned her then.”
 “I counselled you not to intervene, to only observe, given the sort of energy we detected.”
“Ota, your counsel is always appreciated” she offered fondly, “but, ultimately, I decided we wait and observe.” Nessan’s voice held a note of concern, “contact The Crew, we must find out who this sigil belongs to.”
“Lonan, how is it you never reported her bearing a sigil?” 
“I ain’t never seen ‘it before, is why.”
“That’s okay.” Nessan’s velvet voice crooned. “Ota, is there anything else you see?”
With my eyes still riveted on Ota’s, I saw a dark glare cross his features and he shot a menacingly look at one of the others. “There’s been a physical breach.”His eyes reconnected to mine keeping me locked into a place I knew I should leave, but did not make any move to do so. “Lonan.” The name was pronounced between clenched teeth.  
“What!” Evaline balked.
Ota continued gently probing my thoughts, reaching into the moment Lonan kissed me. I felt the discomfort and strange awkwardness all over again. “In this breach, she is... innocent. It was all him. Blood was taken.” 
“Lonan!” Nessan hissed reproachfully. “How could you!!”
Evaline immediately stepped in closely, observed the swirling smoky forms embracing then huffed derisively. “You tasted her blood???” She ignored his stammering words of explanation. I was aware of Evaline leaving the room and her fiancée following, offering a litany of apologies, but their problems and tension were, somehow, of no concern to me. 
“Thank you, Ota” Nessan said softly. “We know what her intentions are and that her spirit needs releasing. Let us prepare.”
“Her current state shows she is already quite afraid of us and wishes to leave this instant. She hopes, once home, copious amounts of chocolate, wine and a movie will help calm her down. We will encounter resistance to a Transition because of that fear.”
“Then we will work hard to appease the child, but her spirit must be released without further delay.” She sighed deeply. “How did she fly under our radar? It makes no sense whatsoever, especially when she comes from a Shadow family.” 
“Was she not on the Novice list?” 
“If she wasn’t, someone slipped up. We’ll Transition her first and research later. Let me grab my cloak before the disengagement.”   
Nessan’s voice retreated into the background. She was calling to Evaline and Lonan. Ota’s hand softly cupped my cheek as he leaned in closer and whispered, “don’t be afraid, Linny. I will not allow anyone to harm you, that, I promise.” 
When Ota broke contact with me, I watched the cocoon of energy dissipate into nothingness. I was not only disoriented, but felt like I just woken up from a nap, one I shouldn’t have taken, one where I had blabbed all my secrets. I checked my mouth for drool just to be sure there wasn’t any there. Ota continued to hold my gaze, his expression as stoic as before.  Had I imagined what he just said??? 
Looking around, I noticed we were alone, but somehow knew the others were preparing something. These four people appeared kind, but I felt frightened and did the only thing that made sense.“I’m sorry” I blurted, “I’m not feeling too well. Ahm...thanks for ...ahm..it was lovely meeting you.” I backed away to the front door then dashed outside.
 I was almost touching the gate when Ota and Nessan suddenly appeared in front of me. She wore a long, white velvet cape across her shoulders. Both Lonan and Evaline quickly joined them blocking my exit.“We want to help you.” Nessan smiled lovingly. 
“I don’t need any help. Thank you.”
“This may appear confusing but-“
“Please, let me pass -I -.” 
“Oh nooo, noo...don’t be afraid, Linny” Nessan gushed with a worried frown. She took me in her arms and cradled me lovingly.“Tonight you will Transition to your true spirit self. It will reveal a side to you that you have never seen.”
Panic was making my heart pound. Things were getting way too freaky here.  I gently extracted myself from her embrace. “Look, I have no idea what that means....I just came here to wish you all the best in your new home.” My breath was coming in short gasps from sheer fear and I stepped back several paces to create some distance. With no coat or protection against the cold, I began to shiver. “I- 1 have to leave now...really..I just want to go home.”
“This should have been done years ago,” she tsked forlornly. “It all may seem very odd, but trust me when I say no harm will come to you. There are many things you must learn, but everything starts with the ritual for the spirit.” 
Four strange people intent on doing something ritualistic to me sounded like a scene from a horror movie. “Look,” my voice croaked.  Fear was turning my legs to jelly and I wasn’t sure how much longer they would support me. “Just let me walk away. I’m not going to say a word to anyone about this...I promise. I won’t...” I silently cursed as tears rolled down my cheeks. My body trembled even harder. 
Nessan squeezed me tight. “Never in a million years would we harm you, child. You need to honour the spirit within...to Transition...as soon as possible, so you can be safe.”
Again I pushed away from her hold. The hugging was invasive not consolatory and the anxiety I felt was replaced with anger. “Look, none of this makes sense to me and to be perfectly honest..it all sounds like you’re......well.. in some sort of mad cult.”
“It does??” Evaline asked with genuine surprise. “But everyone is usually so happy to Transition.”
Lonan interjected, “not if you haven’t grown up to learn that it’s a rite of passage.” 
“But her brothers are the Shadow Four.” Evaline insisted. “Surely that kind of thing is discussed within the family?” 
“Linny, you could die if your spirit does not Transition.” Nessan said steering the focus away from their questions. “And believe me, with the power Ota has felt inside you, people with dark intentions will seek you out. I know you probably feel terrified right now, but this will all be over you in a few minutes and you won’t feel the kind of pain you’ve been having.....the kind that symbol is creating. It’s your spirit’s cry for help and if you don’t heed it, that pain will get a lot worse, believe me.”
“You’re wrong!”I croaked. “There’s nothing the matter with my hand. I have an allergy or something ordinary, nothing more!”  I shivered even harder.
Ota stepped closer, covering me with his jacket and said gently, “all of your brothers have Transitioned.” 
The warmth emanating from his coat was incredible and I hugged it closer. I probably had that ‘deer in the headlights look’ when I asked him what he meant. 
“Your brothers all work for The Council. Have done so ever since they Transitioned.”
“The Council?”  I chuckled nervously, “as in the County Council?” They were the local government and authority for building improvement and development plans amongst other things.
Ota appeared confused, “there’s no County associated with The Council. Yes, they are a governing body, but they’re The Council. And your brothers work for them.”
“You’re mistaken. They’re in the army.”And wherever they were stationed there was a serious lack of phones, pens, stationary, or even access to emails because they all just basically cut ties with us from the day they were sent to boarding school. My parents hadn’t seemed that bothered.  I was the only one who found it weird, especially that Dad was not an army man. The boys were boisterous but not troublesome either, so it’s not like they were sent off as a tough-love lesson. The whole thing was a bit of mystery and I wondered why I hadn’t asked more questions when I was living at home. 
“Believe me” Lonan interjected derisively, “they all work for The Council’s Inner Corps. Sort of what you call cloak and dagger. Communication is a no-no, most of the time.”
“Is this a prank? On one of those T.V. programs? You know where they play awful jokes on people to get a ‘relief’ shot that they’ll laugh at for years to come?”
“There is no prank, Linny,” Nessan said frowning. “We would not do something so cruel.”
If the woman was faking, her acting was Oscar worthy. “Really?” I challenged. “So, where is this Council then?”
“We’ll get to that shortly. Right now I’m more interested in you releasing your spirit. Nobody ever goes as long as you have  – they just couldn’t take the pain. That tells me you have some serious tolerance if you’ve made it to your age without ending up in the emergency department with an illness of some kind, mental or physical.”
“My age? I’m only twenty one!”
“The average Transition happens between ten and fourteen. And believe me, by fourteen you’re an old timer and more than ready for it.”
Evaline reached out and held my hand. “Nessan will do the spell to Transition you. If you have no spirit power waiting to be released, nothing will happen. If you have a spirit power then you will Transition and a lot of things will become clear and fall into place.”
“I’m sorry” I laughed mirthlessly “None of this makes sense. I mean...I’m standing in a field with four people I don’t know, talking about if a spell will work. And what’s worse I’m wondering when you say spell, do you mean like an actual witches spell?”My laugh sounded a little hysterical and I saw the concerned looks exchanged. 
Wordless communication seemed to pass between Ota and Nessan and I guessed when Evaline swapped places with Ota, they were preparing a different approach. Well, I would take a different approach too. 
“Can I have a moment?” I asked and after receiving their silent approval, I turned away, hung my head as if reflecting deeply. My hand slipped inside my tiny purse, slid across the power bar of my mobile phone then with a quick glance down, I selected the three digits for emergency services and pressed the green ‘call’ symbol.
It rang once before the operator asked if I needed, police, fire or ambulance. “I’ll take any one of them” I whispered fearfully. 
“What is the emergency?” The calm voice asked on the other end. 
“I’m in a field with four strange peepholes and I think they want to spoon me!” As the words were pronounced, I realized what I was saying and thinking were two very different things. 
“Peep holes?” The operator said wearily. “Please confirm if this is a legitimate emergency, caller?”
“Of course it is!!” I fizzed angrily. “Look, I’m at a house called Bananas, in County Limpdicks -.” The dial tone confirmed her disbelief. With my mouth still agape at what just happened, the phone was snatched from my hand by Lonan. He was flashing a wide smile of victory.
“Havin’ trouble articulatin’?” He enquired suavely. 
“What did you do to me???” I growled. The smug look and idle shrug said it all. “How did you do that?” I whipped around to face the others. “How did he do that???!!” 
 “Here,” he said tossing Evaline the phone. “Do your thing.” 
She shot me a guilty look then said, “it’s only for a few hours, Linny.”
“What’s only for a few hours??” A surge of white sparks zapped the phone making it sputter a smouldering cough before dying. “You killed it!!” I shot. “I’m locked in for another two years!!”
“What can ah say y’all?” Lonan chucked heartily, “we’re bad Peepholes.”
“Enough, Lonan!” Ota supplied sharply then guided me back toward Nessan, looked down at me and said, “yes, Linny this is strange, there’s no doubt about that. But when you are raised with the knowledge of your family’s power and talents none of this comes as a shock. Quite the contrary.”
“That’s so very true.” Nessan added. “And to answer your question about spells, witches cast a little differently than us, but I suppose you could say they are somewhat similar.”  
“They cast? Meaning there are actual witches out there and not the kind disguised for Halloween?” 
“There are many things out there that you do not know about yet and not all of them are benevolent. From my heart” she said placing a palm against her chest “I could not rest knowing you were walking about un-Transitioned and vulnerable. Please, put my mind at ease and allow me to help you. Please, give me peace of mind.”
“Linny” Ota interjected encouragingly, “Nessan has never hurt anyone in all the years I know her. It is in her nature to be loving and kind, always. She is incapable of harm.” 
He sounded so sincere and convincing that I would have felt terrible for refusing to assuage her worries. Out of curiosity and a good dose of guilt, I asked, “what kind of things do you do or say to Transition someone?” 
Happy to see I was reflecting, at least somewhat, she spread her hands out slightly and explained, “I simply blend our energies. I call to your spirit and help it emerge from within you.”
That was it? She made it seem so simple and I suppose a part of me wanted to understand the palm-burning symbol thing and my brothers’ whereabouts if they weren’t in the army. “You said you Transitioned my brothers”?
Nessan smiled “yes, all four.”
“Is there any photo of you and them....that I could see?” 
Another silent conversation seemed to pass between Ota and her before a decision was taken. “Ota has assisted with many of the Transitions I have performed. He can show you one of your brothers now and we can view the others after?” 
“If you don’t mind, may I see a picture of the Transition of my choice?” If they could pull one random photo then I would start to consider letting Nessan do whatever mumbo-jumbo they were on about.
“Of course, child!” she responded and again looked to Ota and nodded. “Which of the four shall it be?”
“The second oldest, Duff, please”
Moments later from Ota’s hands came a large smoky, spherical form which he thrust out at arms’ length from himself. “What is that??” I gasped taking a step back. My eyes narrowed, “is that like a chemical?” Thoughts of me inhaling a drug of some sorts and waking up three days later in a ditch crossed my mind. 
“This is Ota’s spirit” Nessan explained. “This is what he Transitioned to. Don’t be afraid. I know it may seem surreal, but this is the truth. Come,” she beckoned me closer. “Come and see for yourself.” 
“And you’re sure it’s not harmful?”
“I promise” Nessan said with such sincerity, I took a few shy steps closer.
Ota gestured for me to approach the undulating opaque shape.  “You will need to make contact in order to see the boy’s ceremony.”
“Oh, really?” I faltered. “How come there’s no photograph or video?”
“This is better” he responded with a confident smile. His hand reached out toward mine, his gaze holding my eyes, his expression unreadable. 
Taking his hand surreptitiously, I stepped closer still. There was no denying that contact with this man felt different, but I could not determine what was different. “Consider it a telescope” he instructed gently. “You need to place your eye against it.”
With a final glance at the eager onlookers, I did as Ota directed and placed one eye toward the plumy vapour shimmering in the night air. I was immediately sucked into a vaporous tunnel or maybe it was a funnel because I felt my body was being squeezed really tight. Just as I was about to scream for help, I was slammed into an armchair. A foot rest swung out and a comfy throw appeared over my legs. Looking around, I found myself in the middle of a meadow under a million bright stars. A bag of popcorn suddenly appeared in my hand and I could have sworn I heard Ota chuckle. 
As if watching a movie, I saw my parents with Jarleth and Edan, the two youngest brothers. All stood holding hands. They were cheering on Duff, who although looked like a child, strutted cockily to face Nessan and Ota. Duff was the family clown, which was why I had chosen to see his change. If he came through this the same goof-ball that he was going in then I would go through the same thing. I noticed my older brother was absent, but then again he would have already Transitioned and would be with this mysterious Council. 
Nessan was draped in the same white cloak, her long, silky, white hair hung femininely over her shoulder. Her face beamed the same loving smile she wore when I entered Banba. She was welcoming him warmly and Duff, who was as charming as I remembered, kissed her hand.
 Ota was still the same gorgeous hulking form and was completely dressed in black. His expression was serious, but not tense like now. I couldn’t help but wonder what had him on edge with me, if he was so relaxed with my brother.  
The same silent exchanges passed between Ota and Nessan. They certainly shared a deep connection if they had no need to even speak. Were they communicating telepathically? After a brief, but warm greeting to my family, Nessan turned to Duff and explained the steps of the ceremony. Duff nodded and appeared jittery with anticipation, yet I could feel joy oozing from his every pore. I was reminded of a prize fighter stepping into the ring, primed and ready to claim his title. He wanted this so badly.
 When Nessan raised her arms to the night sky, he gave one last look toward my parents and siblings, his smile beaming a thousand watts. My mother blew him kisses, my father seemed to choke up and croaked, “we’re very proud of you, son.”  Jarleth and Edan gave him a thumbs up each. 
An opaque dome fell over them and they disappeared from sight. Ota walked the boundaries of the dome as if palpating the energy within. My parents became very tense their hands meshed tightly. My mother’s sob broke the silence. My brothers stepped in closer to her, shouldering her in loving support. Right there and then I realized with absolute horror, how I had never seen or felt that kind of love from them. I did not have one memory of my parents hugging me, or of any of them telling me they loved me. Yes, I was sheltered, fed, clothed, given the basics, but not given love, not shown love. 
Why would you have five children and only love four of them? Was it a gender thing where only the boys were deserving of love? Did they not want me to begin with? Was I one of those unplanned pregnancies which, when discovered, was too far advanced to be terminated? That was the only conclusion I could come to. My throat constricted, my heart raced and one question burned through my tears. Why?
The dome suddenly dissipated and Nessan seemed alone. Then an inky form transformed into Duff, who jumped up and down for joy, whooping loudly as his arm pumped the air in triumph. He grabbed Nessan and with surprising strength, picked her up and twirled her around before gently deposing her on the ground. Leaving the circle, he rushed to my family and had just reached their embrace when two suited figures appeared beside them. No words were spoken, but everyone seemed to know who they were and why they had appeared. Duff took a moment to say his goodbyes before disappearing with them into the night. 
“Another Shadow” my mother sobbed and then I was aspirated out of the field and back to Banba. 
The smoke lingered around me for a moment before caressing my cheek then dissipating. My mind was reeling. Yes, I knew the Transition was safe, but I was left wondering why my family excluded me. 
Nessan’s loving arms held me tight. “We don’t always understand our families” she whispered, “but all those I have Transitioned become like my own sons and daughters. I would be honoured if you were to be my daughter.”   
Being excluded from my family made me want to say yes to her offer, I wanted to show my family I was just as good as my brothers, just as worthy and deserving of love as them. When I nodded my agreement to the ritual they all seemed relieved, especially Ota. I didn’t question why. 
A few moments later, Nessan and I faced each other under the night sky, Ota close by her side. Evaline and Lonan had stepped further back giving us some space. “Will I be a shadow, like my brothers?” I asked nobody in particular. 
“It is highly unlikely. Only males become Shadows.” Ota explained. “There is no known case of a Transition where a female Shadow emerged.” 
“Anyone know what I’ll be?” I offered lightly, but inside I was freaking out. 
“One thing is certain” Ota smiled briefly,“ the emerging spirit is always a surprise.”  
“It certainly is!” Nessan chorused. “You can never say, you expected to see this or that. But it’s always a beautiful thing to witness no matter what spirit surfaces.” 
“Can something bad come out of me?” 
“Are you a bad person?” Ota asked in a matter of fact tone, but I detected a note of amusement in the delivery. 
Heat flush my cheeks and I glanced away embarrassed, about what, I couldn’t say. “Best ask those who know me. You’ll get a more objective answer.” 
“I may do just that,” he smiled widely which transformed him into a breathtaking being.  
“So, let’s begin.” Nessan’s quick wink reassured me that all would be well. “The way this works is, I will create a dome of protection around us and raise energy which will call to your spirit. Through the language of the Ancients, I will cast a spell which will invite your spirit to emerge amongst us. After greeting your spirit, as the Ancients prescribe, the dome will disappear and everyone will see what Spirit has dwelled within you. Based on what it is, we will guide you through the next steps. Okay so far?”
I indicated yes while trying my best to maintain colonic control. It was the scariest moment of my life. To think Duff actually anticipated undergoing such a thing just boggled the mind. Ota had created a large circle with the same smoky filament he had used earlier and after Nessan stepped inside, he gestured for me to join her.
“It gets warm in here” Nessan said pointing to the oversized jacket I had on. “You won’t be needing that.” 
Ota removed it from my shoulders causing me to shiver even though I didn’t feel cold. We exchanged a brief glance. “Good luck,” he offered softly then walked away. I watched his retreating form and thought, tonight, I had met the most beautiful man on this planet.   
Nessan cleared her throat and smiled wryly as I pulled my eyes from him and found hers. “Ready?” she asked. 
“Mmmhhmmm.” I croaked. 

Nessan’s melodic chant began with words in a strange language. Her arms stretched high above her and a few seconds later, a great opaque water bubble formed above us. The orb hovered briefly then enclosed us completely within its confines. The chant raised pulsating energy and I felt incredible power and strength emanating from Nessan, but also love. Love for everyone, love for Transitioning others, love for life. In her presence I felt safe, warm, like being next to a cozy fire. She stepped closer taking both my hands, gripping them firmly. 
“This is to anchor our energies, Linny.”
“Okay.”
She continued uttering soft words that had my heart humming joyfully. I closed my eyes allowing her love and joy to flow over me, all the while admitting to being very curious as to what, spirit, if any, dwelled within me. 
By the time I noticed the dulcet words had turned harsher, several things had changed. Nessan’s grip on my hands felt painful not firm, her eyes had opened abnormally wide and were looking through me, not at me. Her body became rigid, her voice sounded demonic and the words she spoke were repeated incessantly. 
“Nessan! Are you okay?” She heard nothing and continued spitting words I could not understand.  From what I had seen of Duff’s Transition, everything was over quickly. It seemed to have been a formality to have his Spirit emerge, this did not appear to be the same thing.
“Nessan?!!!! Nessan!” I cried as the once cozy heat began to feel uncomfortably hot, but she seemed to hear nothing. The heat was spreading and becoming extremely painful. Both of my palms began to feel like they were melting. My eyes shot to my hands. Bubbling, red ugly blisters appeared all over my skin. “Something’s wrong!!!” I screamed. With a massive tug, I wrenched my hands free from her grip. 
I watched, horrified, as large bubbles formed on my palms, the skin moving left and right before forming the same mark Ota had conjured with the wafting smoke. Strange sigils became etched at the center of each hand. The pain became intolerable. I felt like I was made of wax, melting under intense heat. I couldn’t breathe. Christ! I was burning to death. 
My feet seemed incapable of moving or even holding me up and I sank hard to my knees. I implored Nessan to stop, calling out in rasping gasps, but she heard nothing, saw nothing, remaining in a stoic trance spitting strange sounds. The burning sigils quickly became molten lava which flowed up my arms, along my chest, stomach, pelvis and down my legs. I screamed again and again, but nobody could hear me. Unable to halt the fire consuming me, I keeled onto the ground writhing in agony. 
Our symbol an inner voice urged. On your palm...the symbol..point it! Point the symbol to the sky!!
Believing I was hallucinating, I opened my fist. The symbol was bright orange, as if hot enough to forge metal. 
POINT IT NOW!!!!!!!!
Closing my eyes, I summoned my last ounce of strength and thrust my trembling palms toward the orb, hoping, praying for release from immolation. Immediately, the energy within the orb began to change. The ground shook as if the earth rumbled angrily. I held my palms upright for as long as possible before they fell to my sides. I heard a massive explosion then felt the whack of a power wave lift me off the ground and toss me across the garden amid a shower of fragmented glass. I was slammed hard to the dirt and heard several bones crack, but all I could think of, was how wonderful the cool wind felt against my skin. 
A terrifying scream pierced through my muffled hearing filling the night air with a cacophony of panicked voices. My head lolled to the side. Nessan lay crumpled on the ground, her white cape shredded and mostly crimson from blood loss. She was surrounded by Ota, Lonan and Evaline. My last thought was feeling relief that they were helping her then my world faded into blackness. 


Chapter 3

I’ve had the flu once in my life, the kind where you feel you’re dying for two weeks while shivering cold from head to toe, yet burning up at the same time. Well that’s how I felt when I came to, but so much worse. My head pounded and my racing heart thumped madly, as if trying to escape my chest. My ears rang with a thick buzzing and my throat felt like it was filled with open sores. Breathing was painful.
Besides the physical ailments, I felt odd, different, as if my head was full. Did I have swelling on the brain? Lord above what was going on!!!!! 
Focusing on what my body was feeling, I analysed each part. My feet and legs felt like burnt wood after being doused in water; every part of my skin inside and out stung like hell. The pain was beyond belief. If I was alive, why hadn’t I been given pain meds? 
   At that precise moment, I realized it wasn’t my brain that was swollen, it was my mind – my thoughts. There was someone breathing, their breaths were taken at a different rhythm to mine. I wasn’t alone in my own head?????????????????
‘You’re not alone.’ 
“What?” I tried to scream, but it came out as a strange moan.
‘Host, calm down. You are not alone!!! And you do not need to talk for me to hear you. We communicate through our thoughts.’ 
“Jaysus Christ” I mumbled all the while thinking, this is bloody impossible!
‘If we are hearing each other then it is most certainly possible!’ 
The voice was female and it paced the recesses of my mind, but I felt it was also in my heart then everywhere. Its discontent was clear.
‘Something is not right, Host.’ I do not like this. We are not meshed! The joining -’
“Meshed?”  Oh sweet Mother of God....... I’ve gone mad!
A blaring bright light shone in my face and I squinted before weakly swatting it away.
 “She’s awake,” said a woman’s soft voice tinged with relief.  
It took several attempts, but I managed to open my eyes and gain focus. For a moment I could not recall who the woman leaning over me was, nor where I was. 
“Get Ota. Quickly!” 
Heavy footsteps retreated in the background. Who’s Ota? 
‘The one who watched the orb’.
Just then an image of the beautiful long-haired man came to mind and along with it, everything that had gone wrong at the house warming, the Transition. In those final moments inside the orb, Nessan had become demonic. I had been burning alive. Why couldn’t she or Ota, for that matter, see or hear me when I screamed? Nessan had been hurt too. Was she okay now?
‘I do not know. But yes, we burned, extensively.’
My skin? Was I badly burned? I went to sit up but blinding pain made me quickly recline. I tried to raise my arms but they felt restrained at my wrists. Was I paralysed????
‘We are not well, Host.’
Her voice was soft, sad. That was worrying.
 Looking around from my prone position, I noticed I was on the couch in the living room at Banba. A dim light shone somewhere behind me, but the rest of the room was in darkness. Several blankets covered me but did nothing to abate the shivers. Against my skin, I could feel warm liquid covering every inch of me but had no idea why I was wet. Maybe I had been doused with water.
Evaline!  I remembered her name. She looking at me with a mixture of pity and fear. 
“N-Nessan??” I rasped at her as she sat on the Ottoman beside me. Her eyes were red and puffy like she had not slept in days. Perhaps she had argued with Lonan again. “Can I...see her? Is she okay?”
“No, you may not” a gruff male voice spoke behind me. Evaline departed quickly and a man in his late sixties wearing a white boiler suit with many black smudges took her place. His brown eyes were sharp and unfriendly.  “You need to answer some questions.” His English was broken, the accent, unrecognizable.
 “What happened?” 
“I’m the one looking for answers here, Miss Harkin. Now, while in my presence you are magically restrained. We can amend that, make you more comfortable, but only if you cooperate. And I strongly suggest you cooperate.” 
“Co..operate?” He looked like he had been repairing a broken furnace or chimney. Croakily, I managed to ask “who are... you?” 
“Magister Quintus, inquisitor.”
‘He is not a good man, Host.’
Communicating in thought to the inner voice, I asked ‘How do you know that? And what’s an inquisitor??? Was that like the inquisition??’
‘We are not meshed, so my powers are not functioning as they should. All I can tell you is malevolence has made his aura black and viscous.’
He pulled the stool an inch closer, resting gloved arms on his thighs while leaning forward. “You may call me, Quintus.”
“.....uh..okay.” 
“Now, you, my dear, are in a world of trouble and do you know why?”
Trouble? What kind of trouble could I be in? God, I was close to passing out and concentrating was difficult. Filtering through what I could possibly have done, I stopped on the only thing that made sense. “Look I’m... sorry I called emergency services earlier. I didn’t have -” 
His creased brow showed confusion. “This is not about a human telephone communication. This is about a very serious crime that was committed.”
A crime? What crime? “Ahm..I have no idea what you mean.”
“Best, drop the innocent act you’ve got going on there and tell the truth. It will be less painful for you in the long run.”
Why was this man threatening me? What would be painful? The presence inside me stopped pacing. It did not appreciate his tone and I felt it lean closer and make a sniffing movement. ‘He smells like death.’
“Death?” Damn!  I had said that aloud .‘Spirit’ I communicated silently, can you not talk to me again until we’re alone?
‘As you wish, Host.’
“Maybe death will be the consequence, but we won’t know until our investigation is complete,” Quintus said thinking I had spoken to him.
“What investigation? Who’s going to die?” 
Irritation crossed his features. “My patience has its limits, Miss Harkin. I want you to tell me what happened with Elder Nessan.”
“What happened????” My patience was reaching its own limits too. Talking made rivulets of blood slide down my throat. The metallic taste combined with the pain made me wince. “Isn’t it obvious? The orb exploded?”
“Tell me how that happened?” he growled while leaning close to my face. 
His venomous reaction made me freeze. The fog in my brain was preventing me from fully grasping what was going on. The presence growled low in my mind and I clenched my jaws momentarily to push it away, pleading with it to stay back. It retreated sulkily.
“Well..ahm,” I rasped and coughed up clumps of blood. A hand bearing a wet cloth appeared beside my face and Quintus released the magical binds so I could clean myself. With trembling hands, I wiped away the mess. Just doing that expended my energy. My focus on the inquisitor began to fade out. Darkness danced on the periphery, beckoning me to a quiet slumber. 
“MISS HARKIN!” 
The loud yell jolted me back to attention and I scrambled to gather my thoughts. “The orb....ahm inside the orb....she couldn’t hear me...I....no....we were going to die, but....then the orb started cracking.”
“How did you do that?” The sharp eyes pierced me with an accusing glare.  
 “D-do w-what?” A racking cough shook me to the core and it took a several moments to be able to breathe properly again. “...don’t understand.”
“What. Magic. Did. You. Use?”
“I. Have. No. Magic.” More coughing erupted from my chest. Sweat poured from every pore, but yet, I shivered with the cold. 
“You do because it killed Nessan, an Elderen of great power!” 
“Killed?” I shrieked hoarsely. Blood oozed down my oesophagus. “She’s dead????!!!!!!” I shook my head in denial and tried to sit up, but almost passed out again.
Quintus stood so quickly, the stool toppled behind him. “Do you take me for a fool!?” His hand grabbed my arm violently. “You will -”
“Enough!” Ota barked at the investigator while emerging from the darkness. “Take your hand off of her.” There was something in his regard that was dangerous, unhinged even and far from the stoic individual I had met earlier.
“This is none of your business, Two Moons. She’s part of a Quod investigation and we interrogate, as we see fit.”
“It wasn’t a request.” Ota approached, placing himself between us and ultimately blocking my view. Whatever Quintus saw was enough for him to let go and step back. 
“Question her when she’s in a state to respond. But don’t lay a hand on her again.”
Quintus was obviously intimidated by Ota’s imposing form, but tried to save face as he backed away. “She’s the suspect in this. You can bet your last breath she’ll be questioned.”
“A bet?” he answered coolly. “You’re on. My last breath, for yours.” 
The investigator’s face reddened. “If you can get answers out of her, then go for it, but as far as I’m concerned, nothing but a good shaking will get her to talk.”   
Ota pulled up the stool and in similar style to Quintus, leaned his elbows on his knees then rubbed a hand over his mouth and chin. “Linny, Nessan died after the orb exploded.” He said calmly but his fist was clenched so I knew he was trying to remain in control.
“I’m so sorry -”
“How. Did. The. Orb. Explode?” The investigator cut in.
“I don’t know!!!! Look, I swear, I would never have harmed Nessan or anyone. I don’t know anything about magic. How could I when.... you had to coax me....into-.”
“Rest, Host. Our parting approaches.”
Racking sobs shook my body and then nothing only blackness. 

I came to what must have been minutes later. Evaline was wiping my forehead with a cold compress. Whatever germ-warfare was going on inside my body, I was losing the battle. She looked at me with sympathy before moving away.
Quintus was pacing. “I just don’t understand this. The evidence my team found at the scene shows an explosion occurred, but we can find no signature energy remaining whatsoever. Elderen Nessan died in that exact spot, but there is no trace of her ever being there.” 
 “You done here?”Ota appeared more composed now, but I could sense his anger was still raging just below the surface. “You got each person’s statement. Everything’s there.” His head shook despondently.
“There will be no letting up until I have learned the truth,” the investigator continued. “Now, I need her to tell me exactly what happened.” 
 “She’s dying.” Evaline whispered. “Whatever killed Nessan, is killing her. Let her go in peace.” 
“She’s not going anywhere, let alone peacefully. We continue here until-” A phone rang somewhere. Quintus stepped away, but remained within earshot. It sounded like he was talking with his superior to report on his progress. After a few tense moments, where he disagreed with whatever plan was being executed, he hung up and faced Ota. “My team and I are leaving. The Council is sending someone to advise of your next steps.” 
“Evaline?” I gasped heavily. “Can someone drive me home?”  
Her eyebrows hitched in sadness. “Ota? ” she called over her shoulder, as if he held the answers to the problem.  
A veiled figure suddenly appeared in the center of the living room, startling Ota and Evaline. They sprang into action, cornering the form. Lonan dashed from wherever he had been and stood near the foot of the couch. Quintus grumbled then disappeared out of sight.
“Who are you, Shadow? Ota growled. 
“We are Umbra, but the prisoner, Linny Harkin will see someone she knew as Oran, her brother.”
“Oran?” I wheezed weakly. Oh my God!! It had been more than twelve years since I saw my oldest brother and couldn’t believe he was standing only a few feet away. Still, he hadn’t changed much from the scrawny teenager he had been. Not that I could really see him, he wasn’t whole, more see-through.
“Oran!” I croaked again, but he completely ignored me and addressed only Ota.
“After you informed Council Security of Elder Nessan’s death,   High Council members convened an emergency meeting, the outcome of which was, Linny must be made fit to stand trial.”
“And you’re telling me this because?”
“Because you will find a coven that will reattach her torn spirit and once that’s completed, The Council will notify you when a second Transition will be scheduled.”
“Me? The Council thinks I’ll be Auctor??”
“The Council doesn’t think it, they demand it.”
“They don’t want her amongst them?” Ota taunted. “Good to know their interests pass before the safety of their people.”
They were talking about me like I was a threat, dangerous even. Did they not realize I was just a receptionist and had nothing to do with Nessan’s death?
“The people will have nothing to fear because she will be under your constant guard until judgment. So, swear the usual statement of Captum and confirm with Custodis when this has been done.”
“No! They’re not dumping this problem on me. I had nothing to do with her and want nothing to do with her either. This was a Transition-assist only.” 
Wow! Definitely feeling pleb-like.  
“Well she is your problem – like it or not. But don’t worry, if found guilty, the murder of an Elder carries a penalty of execution.” With a slight bow he added, “I and The Council, offer our condolences on the loss of your bonded.” 
“Hey, Shadow!” Lonan interjected.“We know of no coven in this area,” 
He gave a slow nod toward Evaline. “The shifter knows.” 
“You do?” Ota tuned to her, “where is it?”
“Their priestess lives about three hours from here.”
Oran looked at all three. “Portum is not sanctioned, for obvious reasons.”
“Why am I not surprised?” Ota grumbled.“If she is as close to death as you say and Portum is not sanctioned, makes me wonder if The Council wants to reduce her survival chances considerably.”
“Quiet the hypothesis, Mr. Two Moons! Still, if you wish to make a formal complain to The Council, you may lodge it through Querela.” 
Jeez! Oran sounded like such a government-brainwashed stiff! I couldn’t believe we were related. 
 Ota inched closer to the shadowy form. “I’ll tell you what I’d like to lodge –“
“Ota!” Evaline exclaimed. “Don’t. Okay? Let’s just get the hell out of here.”
“You’d be wise to listen to the shifter” Oran scoffed. “Now, please confirm or deny acceptance of this task.”
Ota threw a glance at me, his lips pressed together angrily, fists clenched and he looked as wound up as a tightly coiled spring. He pronounced “I accept,” as if his jaw was wired shut. 
Sweet Gummy bears! I wish I could just fall through the ground and wake up in my bed and realize all of this was a terrible nightmare brought on by too much chocolate. 
“Acceptance of the task has to be registered officially.” He produced a small box the size of a cigarette lighter. “Otaktey Two Moons, do you accept The Council’s mandate as it has been presented to you?”
“Yes. So tell your brave Council, no harm will come to them. We will transport Linny Harkin to the coven and I will remain her Custodis until the trial.
“Jurare.”
Ota passed a hand through his hair just before plumes of smoke drifted from his index finger. “It’s not like I have a choice.”The plume floated into the box. “Jurare,” he pronounced deeply. 
Oran inclined slightly once more while closing the box. “Your response to this crisis will be passed along, Mr. Two Moons.” 
“Oh, I’ve no doubt it will. Must be a big deal if they send a Shadow to do the job of a Nuntius. Unless.....No? You’d really -”
“I suggest you hurry.” Oran interrupted whatever he was going to say. “She will be dead shortly. If she does survive, I will meet her in court.” He moved between them like he was made of vapour before disappearing.
So much for brotherly love. 
As the others made arrangements to meet the coven I did nothing only stare into space, my every thought turning around my brother’s coldness, the failed Transition and Nessan’s death. God! That lovely woman was gone. I simply couldn’t conceive of that. Had I tried hard enough to stop the ritual? How could she have not seen me burning, nor hear me screaming? I was trying to save us both but, in the end, what I did most likely killed her.
Deep regret filled my soul along with anger. How come Ota didn’t feel what was happening inside the orb? Wasn’t he supposed to be palpating the energy outside? Why didn’t their stupid hocus-pocus energy radar go off? And now they needed a coven to fix me? Fix what exactly?
Ota’s anger was understandable, Nessan had been his partner. Oran had called them ‘bonded.’ I didn’t know exactly what that meant, but it was obviously a deep union. Maybe they had a May-December kind of relationship. Understandably, he would want justice, but he did not have the whole story. 
 “You have ... to know.... what happened.” I told Ota when he sat beside me a few minutes later.  In my weakened state it took a frustratingly long time to explain that I wanted him to pass a message on to The Council from me. “They need to know the truth after I’m gone.” 
His surprise was a fleetingly raised eyebrow but nothing else. “You will not die, Linny. Right now, your body and spirit are not one entity. The coven will heal that.” 
He didn’t sound convinced and I could see it for the lie that it was. Trying to control my shakes and laboured breathing, I tried again to explain my side of things. “I never would have hurt her -”
He shook his head, as if what I had to say, meant nothing. After taking a long deep breath he said softly, “Linny Harkin, you have been formally placed under my custody and therefore deprived of all freedom until The Council hold the Supreme Trial to judge the person or persons guilty in the death of Elder Nessan. You are not a citizen of the Realm and all access to Avocatus is waived until your spirit identity can be established. If you are deliberately withholding information on your Spirit powers, this omission will be used against you. Do you understand these restrictions as they have been placed against you?”
“What’s the Realm? And does Avocatus mean legal help?” 
“Please answer the question. Do you understand the-”
“Of course I don’t understand!!” That outburst cost me dearly and I gasped for breath while blood flowed from the corner of my mouth. Evaline rushed over. 
“Do this now, Ota!!!!” She wiped my face with a damp cloth saying soothingly that I’d be fine. 
I took a deep breath. “Look....I get that this is some form of arrest, but that’s about it.”
“It will do for now” he said standing abruptly. “I will explain more when you are healed. We will be leaving immediately.”   
“Hey! No! I’m going home. My.......... my mother and Gwen. They’ll be worried, if they don’t hear from me.”
“That’s been taken care of,” Evaline said. She produced my phone and pressed play. I heard my voice cheerily explain to my mother that I had taken off to Europe for a few weeks and would be in touch soon.
I frowned, wondering when I left that message. Evaline seemed to understand and said, “Hello Colm” in a perfect imitation of my voice, “I’ve taken an extended break, you know why.” 
“Gwen knows I’d....never leave that way.” 
“Believe me, as far as Gwen’s concerned, she saw you leave, and you’re on a tour of twenty countries in three months. She’s happy you’re away from that feckin’ weird house as she calls it.” At my confused expression, she smiled briefly and said “just a little talent of mine.” 
Lonan appeared beside her and planted a kiss on her cheek. “You makin’ a vein for us, babe?”
“I tried, but with the vow Linny made is blocking the override. We’ll have to travel human style.”
Ota threw a backpack over his shoulder. “We’d have to anyway. Any kind of travel from here will be scrutinized.”
Not for the first time since waking up, did I wonder if I had lost my mind. A massive clot burst in the base of my throat. As warm liquid gushed down my throat, I felt my eyelids close and everything around me ceased to exist. 

The full moon shone brightly in the night sky, following us at different peaks and turns. Its intermittent appearance somehow provided a light of hope that this would soon be over. There would be no more pain. Sweat covered me from head to toe and while the shivers were still present, I felt as if the thread of life within me was frayed to a filament.  
 They had laid me on the rear bench seat of a mini-van. I caught glimpses of what was being discussed on the journey to see the coven. Just from the sound of their quiet conversation, I sensed Evaline was seated in front beside Lonan, who was driving. Ota was on the bench seat in front of me, but at an angle where he could watch me and converse with the others.
“I mean he didn’t even look at her, even though he knew she was dying,” Evaline was saying. “How could her own sibling ignore her like she didn’t even exist?”
Lonan chimed in, “well, he is within the high ranks of The Council. Havin’ a relative suspected of murderin’ an Elder’s not good for one’s career.” 
Evaline continued. “I still think he could have acknowledged her.” 
“He didn’t want to because she’s a killer. End of,” Lonan pronounced with conviction.
Ota had not spoken at all. As if sensing I was awake, his eyes held mine for a long moment until I drifted off, happy to be carried away into oblivion.  

I felt my head against a hard surface and opened my eyes to find I was leaning on Ota’s chest while being held in his massive arms. The trembling had worsened now, my organs felt like they were melting and I prayed for death. Raising my eyes to his face, I saw him looking straight ahead. My head turned in the same direction. We were all stood in a cosily lit, yet diminutive hallway where an older woman with sharp eyes, silky grey hair and a beautiful black tunic was assessing the situation. “I’m sorry to hear your bonded has crossed over.” 
Ota nodded briefly but said nothing.  The older woman moved closer to me, her hands lightly touched my face. My shivering and shaking eased for the first time since waking up in Banba. Her eyes whipped up to Ota’s, “how long has she been like this?” 
 “About six hours, why?” 
Rosie pulled back the blankets I had wrapped around myself and I felt plunged into icy waters. Looking down at Gwen’s black dress I noticed with horror it was shredded. Hundreds of bloody gashes covered me. All of them oozed a strange black sludge. Ota’s hand gripped me tighter while both Evaline and Lonan gasped. 
“C-cold” I trembled. 
Rosie tsked loudly, “What happened to this child? This is disgraceful!” 
Evaline gushed, “After the explosion, I quickly placed the blanket over her. I went to remove it later, but she wouldn’t let me. She fought to keep it on, so I let her be. I didn’t realize she was cut like this. None of us did. We just thought the explosion had caused her throat some damage but we couldn’t see anything when we looked.” I frowned inwardly as I had no recollection of objecting to anything. 
“What kind of explosion?” Rosie questioned.“What happened exactly?”
Lonan spoke up. “Nessan started performin’ a Transition on Linny. Next thing we know there’s a massive blast of glass ‘n Nessan died. Quod showed up and now she’s under Ota’s Custodis.”
Rosie gazed at me with those sharp eyes and slightly pursed lips. She may have appeared stern, but I felt nothing but love pouring from this woman’s heart. “Did anyone check the energy during the Transition? 
“I did.” Ota confirmed.
Rosie’s hand hovered over my entire body and her eyes widened in shock. “This child has massive internal burns. She’d be dead if it wasn’t for her spirit. That kind of injury should have been felt during the Transition. You’re sure you did an energy pulse?”
“I checked everything.” Ota said tersely but I detected a note of doubt.
Placing a hand on Ota’s arm she said “we’ll talk on all that tomorrow. For now, this girl needs help.”
Her hands opened my palm and she peered closely at the sigil then at me. “This is some kind of fire element. Water will burn, so we cannot cleanse you tonight, but I will give you something fire-based for the pain.”  To Ota she stated, “The reconnection of her spirit will have to be done tomorrow night. A full coven is needed and that takes organization.”
Ota growled, “She’ll be dead by then.” Huh! And he’ll miss my execution!
Rosie took a step back and held herself straight, her head slightly elevated. “A spell of this magnitude has to be done right or we will kill her in the process. Tomorrow night is the earliest we can be ready. Do you accept this?”
 Crickets. A term used to describe silence following a bad joke or question nobody wants to answer. I don’t know how long the pause lasted but it was enough to have me feel like something found stuck to the bottom of a shoe.“We do.” Ota said with a dirty look thrown Lonan’s way. 
The Execution must go on!! Jazz-hands. 
“Good. I will make an infusion of tea that will ease her suffering. Once we’re sure she’s reacting well to the tea and she’s settled in, we’ll all get some sleep. I just delivered a baby and could do with forty winks.”  Turning to Lonan and Evaline she said, “There’s a sofa bed in the living room and a caravan out back. Pick whichever one you please.”  A wry smile crossed her lips “Sort things out.” 
Lonan chose for them both, “we’ll take the livin’ room, if y’all don’t mind.”
“Thank you, Rosie” Evaline said and held the woman in a tight embrace. 
Rosie patted her gently, “for nothing, angel.” 
Once they were gone, Rosie asked Ota to follow her. We went through a short hallway then through a large kitchen, out a back door then down the garden path to a miniscule and ancient looking caravan. She opened the door and we stepped into a massive, modern home. “It’s bespelled to look small and ugly from the outside, but it’s really very roomy”. 
Rosie wasn’t wrong, the place was huge and modern but with a comfy feel. “There are two large bedrooms, one at either end. Plus you have a full bathroom, washroom, living room and kitchen, so you’ll surely feel at home.” She led the way to a large low lit bedroom at the far end of the caravan. “Lay her on the bed. I’ll be back with the tea.” 
A fluffy owl clock sat on the bedside table, eyes opening wide every few seconds. In the center of its rotund tummy was a clock with roman numerals. It took exactly eleven minutes for Rosie to return. During that time Ota, who was sat in a large wicker armchair, did not attempt to talk. I really wanted to have a chance to explain what happened, but I realized he was not interested and already considered me guilty. Once this spirit reattachment malarkey was done, I would find a way out of here. 
Rosie handed me a large mug bubbling to the brim with scarlet red liquid. “It looks hotter than it is, but don’t worry child, it won’t burn too much. Just be sure to drink it back in one gulp. We need to fight fire with fire. Okay?” 
Holy Moley!! That stuff, whatever it was, packed a punch!! It scalded my gullet on the way down and ended up positively volcanic by the time it reached my stomach. I bolted off the bed which had Ota springing up off the chair to an attack stance. Rosie put a hand on his arm and said “relax, there’s no danger!” He didn’t seem convinced and eyed me warily. “This child wouldn’t harm a fly.” Rosie chided. “We need her to keep standing.”
My breathing was laboured. A massive contraction made my entire body spasm and I doubled over in agony. “Keep her upright” she ordered. Ota’s hand grasped my arm as if to lift me but another wave of pain slammed into me sending me to my knees.
“Get her upright!!!” Rosie hissed.
Ota hooked an arm around my waist and held my back against his chest, so I was facing Rosie. She nodded to Ota, “Okay, good! Hold her like that.”  
Following another spasm, strange tinkling sounds came from the floor. My eyes darted downwards. Thousands of tiny glass shards scattered around us and more fragments were oozing from my arms, even my throat. My hand shot to my neck and I could feel them protruding out before falling to the floor.
“How?” I gurgled.
 “It’s the tea, child.”
The tea had expulsed the shards? That was incredible! The spasm subsided and Ota released me. I managed to stand up straighter. Sweat clung to my entire body and sludge started to dribble out from each wound. I’d win a Zombie look-alike contest. Christ, it was ugly!!
“Give her a minute, and she’ll be out,” Rosie replied cheerily.
She was right. I began to teeter and reached for the side of the bed. Ota gripped both of my arms and laid me down, where sleep instantly carried me off to a world where I was not reviled, either by myself or others. 


When I woke up, the sun was setting in glorious pink hues over rolling green fields and hedges. I was alive!
‘Yes, we are alive, for now, Host.’
I jolted upright at the sound of the voice in my head. Cripes! The spirit thingy! It had remained silent all through the journey to Rosie’s and the glass expulsion incident. Wow! That was great because I didn’t think I could handle voices in my head while I had been in that state. 
‘You’re welcome. But we must plan our escape from here.’  	
The tea had kept me above ground, well at least until The Council trial would end my life. Without moving my lips, I explained the coven would try and attach us.
‘Then we leave immediately after the reattachment. I sense a terrible danger about.’
Groaning inwardly, I gazed out the window. A trail of cows shuffled lazily into a nearby field herded by a stooped farmer. He closed the large gate behind him in a ritual that had no doubt been done countless times. This place was truly beautiful in its simplicity and I wished I could return here someday, under happier times. Before that, if what I had lived through was real and not some psychotic episode, I had a few legal problems to sort out.
 Voices drifted in from the far end of the mobile home, which sounded like Ota and Rosie were discussing something. I sat up, threw my legs over the edge of the double bed and stood on shaky legs. My entire body was covered with hundreds of black clotted cuts. 
Ug-ly!
What was left of the Gwen’s dress was a disgusting mess, but there wasn’t anything else to change into. I’d been wearing the same clothes since the house-warming, so I’d need to change soon - especially my underwear - before an excavation was needed to remove them.  
Making my way out of the bedroom, Rosie caught sight of me. “Perfect timing!” she exclaimed happily, as she got up from the table and approached. “How do you feel?”
I wanted to say, like a train hit me, twice, but felt I had no right to complain. I was still breathing, which was more than I could say for Nessan. I noticed Ota had stayed where he was, glancing briefly in my direction. Yep, that scowl said it all.
“That good, eh?” Rosie quipped. “Well, we’ll have you feeling as right as rain by night’s end.” 
“I’m fine.” I lied. “and..ahm thanks, for everything Rosie.” I winced thinking about the bloody mess on her bed linen and thumbed in the direction of the bedroom. “I’ll replace what I’ve damaged.” 
Rosie patted my hand, “nonsense, child,” she waved off. “Now, I need to get myself ready for the ritual and then we’ll begin your preparations shortly. In the meantime, have some soup. You look like you need some. Oh, and don’t use water on any part of you just yet.”
‘But you smell, host’
‘Don’t talk to me until we’re alone!’
“Everything okay, dear? You’re eyes are as wide as saucers.”
“I’m fine, thanks” I gushed while setting my expression back to normal and mentally kicking myself for not being more discreet.
“Okay then” she said with a gentle regard. “See you in a few minutes.”
After she left, it took me opening a few doors before finding the washroom. I took a look in the mirror and shrieked at my reflection.
“Okay in there?” Ota asked while knocking on the door.
Black gashes covered my forehead, arms and neck. My eyes had purple circles under them and my long curls were matted and no longer blond. Blood and black goo had caked into every strand from cuts in my scalp. I looked like the walking dead and felt like it too. “Fine,” I choked.
Using hand sanitizer rather than water as directed, I cleaned up to the best of my ability then joined Ota at the table. He slid a bowl of soup in my direction, a partially visible spoon lay against the edge. I couldn’t remember when I ate last, but eating was the last thing I felt like doing. “I’m not hungry, thanks.” 
Keeping my eyes on the bowl, I could feel those piercing black eyes staring at me and I just didn’t have the strength to meet them and see the hurt he was carrying. 
“You need to eat” he encouraged and gently pushed the bowl a little closer. 
“I’m sorry your wife is dead.”  I gushed before asking myself if it was the right thing to say. 
He let the silence hang between us before he spoke lowly, “Nessan was not my wife.” 
I stirred the soup in a slow circular motion. “But isn’t that what a bonded is?”
“Having a bonded can mean many things. With Nessan it was a business relationship, one that spanned many decades and it was a deeply respectful friendship.” I could hear the hurt behind his words and knew he was missing her terribly.
“Many decades?” He certainly didn’t look older than thirty. 
“We age very slowly. Nessan was very advanced in her spirit years, but looked like a human woman of about sixty. Still, she could have continued on for many more years.”
“I’m...so sorry” I blurted. “Never, ever would I hurt anyone. I..I-” Fat tears fell onto the table and I turned away in shame.
“You heard Rosie,” he said in a low tone. “You need to eat. You look like the risen dead.”
Just what a girl loves to hear! 
‘He’s right, Host. You look absolutely awful.’
Ignoring the comment, I lifted a spoonful of soup to my mouth and the odour had me dashing to the bathroom where I vomited bile. After washing my face with more hand sanitizer rinsing thoroughly with mouthwash, I returned to the table to see Rosie was back. 
“Oh dear” she uttered when she saw me. “The tea is wearing off. Follow me, time to get ready before night falls.” 

Rosie’s bedroom was large with a slanted wooden roof. The entire décor was full of vibrant colors in a style I named ‘Marrakesh’. Under different circumstances, I would have loved to explore all the little treasures she had obviously amassed while travelling. Every item seemed precious and cared for. It was like a love letter to the East.  
“Okay,” she said to Ota, “remember what we discussed, run only the hot water.”  
Rosie placed a scissors on the dresser and a black muslin bag by her feet. Panic began to rise in my throat. “What’s happening?!” 
They both heard my breathing come in short rasps and at Rosie’s nod, Ota headed to the bathroom, leaving the door slightly ajar. 
“We cannot undertake this ritual until you are cleansed and by that I mean we must remove Nessan’s death from your body. That is what clings to you like sludge, child, and it prevents your healing.”
Holy Crap! I was oozing Nessan? Ota knew that too. All this time he’s been with me, the remains of his bonded were strewn all over me? Could this get any worse!
“It’ll wash off, right? I can just shower it off?”
“This requires a slightly different kind of cleansing. It will be a little more elaborate because we need to deal with both the human and the spirit.” 
“Is this necessary? I’m already much better than yesterday. I’m sure I’ll be fine after a quick shower.”  That was a total lie. I already felt as weak as water and would fall over with a slight puff of wind. 
“You only think you are. The tea Ota has been giving you every three hours acts as a kind of temporary putty, if you will. But it is like using Polyfilla to fill a hole in a damn. Cleansing is the only way.”
Ota had given me tea? I had no recollection of that. I shook my head in confusion. “Why is he in the bathroom? Does he need to cleanse first?” 
“He won’t be involved in the ritual. And we need him because we expect you to react strongly to the water and I do not possess the strength to do this.” 
It took a moment for my sluggish brain to comprehend what she was saying.  “No!! No way!! Rosie, I swear, there is no way in hell I am getting cleansed by him! I can wash myself. You’ll see, I’ll-”
“You may think you can, but the pain will make your spirit resist and that inner battle could kill you. Now, I cannot immobilize you as that would create a barrier to your cleansing. So, it’s either this brief discomfort, or death. A no-brainer as they say.”
“Where’s Evaline?”
“She and Lonan left this morning to pick up two coven members in Killarney. They will be here shortly, but you must be ready by then.”
 “What about your other coven members? Isn’t there a woman amongst them?” 
“We cannot touch you as we will become contaminated with the essence that is killing you.”
It took a few minutes to expunge all possible alternatives for me to finally concede. Rosie held out the black muslin bag and said “take off your dress and underwear and place it in here. Under no circumstances is anything of yours to touch me, as I have already cleansed and am ready to perform the ritual.”
 I cut through the material, surreptitiously peeling away the garment off my body, hissing and shaking with the agony of pulling open wounds that had begun to clot. So much for the happy memories Gwen’s dress was supposed to generate.
“This will be all over soon, my sweet child.” 
Tears of pain ran down my cheeks as I rolled the dress in a ball and placed it deep inside the bag. “Can I leave my bra and panties on?” I pleaded. “I don’t want...” I gave a fearful glance toward the bathroom. 
She understood but shook her head “everything is contaminated and must be destroyed. Anyway, I’m fairly certain you’re not the first woman he has seen naked.”
My cheeks reddened as I imagined Ota naked with a faceless, voluptuous woman. A flare of jealousy rose within me, but I stomped that out for the foolish sentiment it was. I had no feelings for him and, as far as I could tell, the only thing he was eager for was to see me fry for Nessan’s death.
“Linny?” Rosie asked pulling me out of my reverie, “they’ll have to come off.” 
Quickly turning away for modesty sake, I unclasped my black bra then slipped off the matching thong and quickly placed it in the bag. Feeling vulnerable and exposed, I placed one arm across my breasts and a hand over my private parts. Rosie immediately pulled on the strings of the bag, closing it up tightly and pushed it down into a black iron pot by the door. 
Was that a cauldron?
She covered the pot with a lid then returned to stand in front of me. “I need to bind your hands.” 
 “You can’t be serious?” I whispered forcefully. “They’re providing the only coverage I have going in there.”
“Child...” Rosie tsked. “No more delays. Ota, no doubt, is just as keen to have this over as you are.” 
She was right. He may be duty-bound in keeping me alive, but I’m certain he would have dumped me on The Council doorstep if instructed to do so. 
“As I said,” Rosie continued “I cannot come into contact with you, so do exactly as I say. And what you see here must never be revealed to anyone, do you swear?”
I was beginning to shiver all over from the cold “y-yes, I promise to keep secret what I see.”
“Good. Now, place your wrists together with both palms clasped and facing out in front of you.”  
A wide green satin ribbon floated between us. Before I could ask how that was even possible, she took both ends in her hands and laid the center of it over my joined wrists. Her eyes closed, her posture relaxed then words flowed from her in a melodious ancient sounding Gaelic. The power the words generated caused both ends of the ribbon to rise up and dance in a slow fluid movement around my wrists, binding them gently together in a beautiful weaving motion. 
Whispering wind caressed my hair, my eyes closed and I was carried to a mossy wooded area where birds chirped to the strumming of gently plucked harps and the smell of moist earth was soothing. Eight women - not unlike Rosie -but in a ghostly, ethereal form and vetted in long veil-like cloaks, surrounded me. Their swaying movements, warm smiles and joined hands rose collectively before releasing to twirl in unison. 
Their energy was loving, maternal and one by one they connected to the ribbon with a delicate touch. With each stroke, the band tightened ever so slightly, but not enough to cause discomfort. A ray of their individual power infused the band, providing well-being, comfort, re-assurance, relief, calm, solace, strength, and resolve. 
None of them spoke, but I could hear echoes of their thoughts floating about, like feathers carried on a summer breeze. At first they seemed jumbled up, but quickly one dominated. Courage.  Courage, they repeated while fading into nothingness.
“Courage” I whispered. 
 “Alright then” Rosie said. My eyes bolted open and I was surprised to see we weren’t in the woods. 
“What was -? Who were those-”
“This ribbon will undo itself when the cleansing is complete.”
The spell beneath the satin band stroked the surface of my skin bolstering me with encouragement. 
“You’re ready, sweet child,” she whispered. “This will be very painful, but try and make it as easy as possible.....on both of you.”Pressing her palm against the bathroom door, she opened it enough for me to step inside. “I will meet you in the garden shortly.....Goddess bless you both.”
When the bathroom door clicked upon closing, I felt vulnerable and scared. So much for having courage!! Standing naked before a man was not something I did often, or at all. I wasn’t a virgin, but the one and only time I had sex, it was with the boy next door, Stuart. The lights had been out, we were under the covers and seconds after we began, his part was over and he asked me to leave. I felt so cheap, I almost joked if there was some payment left on the dresser.
Ota approached, his eyes never strayed from mine. My shivering had gone to a whole other level now. “I will not hurt you, Linny. I promise.” His look was full of pity.
Rosie’s warning of how my spirit could fight the purification process came to mind. “I can’t promise the same thing.”
His lips twitched into a smile. “We’ll just roll with the punches then.”
Stepping into the stall, I saw the shower head had a thick metal hook around the base, the kind you’d see in a butcher shop. My eyes shot to Ota. “What’s that for???” 
‘Host! Terrible things await us here!’ 
Spirit’s unease manifested when the inner pacing began. Silently, I asked it to retreat but it did not. If anything, it seemed to become more agitated.  
 “You just need to latch the center of the ribbon around the hook. This prevents the water from getting on your hands, more particularly on the sigils. We’re hoping it will help calm your spirit if it becomes frightened. You do not want to feel it pace. That’s what we need to avoid.”
Too late for that.“So, it’s normal to feel a presence inside?”
“Completely. But yours is a bit different because it was awoken, but did not emerge. It must become dormant within you again, until the next Transition ritual.”
“So, I’m not schizophrenic or going insane?”
Again a hint of a smile passed his lips. “We’ve seen no madness within. You’re just not informed about what’s happening.”
“I feel it pacing.” 
‘Do not share this with him, host.’
“Good to know.” 
The shivers were becoming more pronounced now. “It’s not very happy.”  
‘He will harm us!!’
“It’s getting ready to defend. So, it’s very important to understand that once you hook this ribbon on, I will need to close the clasp so you cannot undo the connection.”
“That’s a lot of precautions.”
 “According to Rosie, the pain will be very strong, so the faster we get this done, the better it is for you. Are you okay with how we are to do this?”
He was certainly committed to see me stand trial. And who could blame him? He watched Nessan die and figured I did it. “Are you?”
He shrugged nonchalantly. “It’s just part of a process that has to be followed.” 
For king and country! Give this man a medal for bravery! I went to place the ribbon on the hook, but Ota held my arm back in a surprisingly gentle way. “I need to know if you’re okay with this. If you say no, then we end this here and now.”
 My body was racking with the shakes but I managed to respond. “I’m okay with this. I wouldn’t want you to miss my execution.” And that’s when the sobs came flowing out. Oh my God. Talk about no restraint, Harkin!!! Could I not have kept my mouth shut, simply nodded my okay and gotten the show on the road?????? 
‘You’re leaking, copiously.’
Between the blubbering, the shivering, being covered in bloody sludge and gashes, all mixed in with shame, anger and embarrassment, I looked like a Dickensian waif having a Grand Mal seizure. Placing the ribbon on the hook, I leaned my head against my raised arms and waited to hear the clasp lock into place. After a moment he lowered my arms and a soft sigh escaped his chest. 
He turned me to face him and lifted my chin so I could see into his eyes. “It is not my wish to see you die. I would take no pleasure in such a thing, ever. We have laws in our world. There are no loop holes like they have in yours. We seek the truth and getting to the truth may be painful and awkward, but it can lead to liberation.” 
Can lead? Didn’t sound like a sure thing. 
‘He will hurt us. We must fight.’
“I promised you I will not hurt you Linny and I am a man of my word.”  His thumbs brushed away the mess of tears and blood from my cheeks. “Tell me when you’re ready.”
‘You see,’ I communicated in thought to my spirit. ‘He won’t hurt us.’ Silently, I turned around and once again hooked the ribbon into place. 
“I’m ready.” I prayed for the strength not to fight this, just to grin and bear it. 
When the clasp snapped into place, Ota extended the shower hose and held it above my head. “Okay, I’m turning on the water. It will be extremely hot,” he warned, “but Rosie says it’s necessary.”
Even before the first drop touched my head, my spirit felt the threat and bucked hard to escape. Doused in scalding water, pain like daggers slicing through my skin had me clenching my jaw tight to stop me begging him to turn it off. While I was willing to grin and bear it, my spirit wasn’t. 
‘He lies!!’ 
It turned to Ota and quickly assessed we’d have no problem taking him down. I rapidly sent appeasing messages to whatever dwelled within me, promising it that this would all be over very shortly. Spirit hesitated, evaluating my plea, but when a scream of sheer agony escaped my throat its seething anger bubbled up. 
Please, please stay calm, I implored it. I felt it step to the forefront of my mind trying to press me into the background. 
‘We end this, now!’
Whatever pain the water was causing me, it was nothing compared to what happened once Ota put lavender liquid soap on my hair. I had surely been dipped in molten lava. My body thrashed and fought to get free from the restraints. Dealing with this suffering while trying to control my spirit became impossible and the presence within pushed me aside completely. I tried desperately to grasp it back under my control but pain bored through my ability to concentrate. 
Suddenly, I was no longer in control. My spirit was feeling primed, ready to battle and had stepped into an Octagon of sorts. It eyed our opponent and determined he was inferior in strength and absolutely no match for us. The effort it would take to end this attack was almost laughable. The fact that Ota was six feet five inches tall, had a muscled body like nothing I had ever seen before was, seemingly, not an issue. 
“Don’t hurt him!” I pleaded aloud. My body suddenly made an acrobatic move and I watched in horror as my foot slammed into Ota’s face sending him flying backwards, arms flailing, through the shower door and crashing to the floor. Water gushed everywhere.
“It’s not me!!!!”
He got up with a deep growl, his lips pressed tightly together. Dropping the shower hose, he stepped in close. “Keep it under control.” 
“Trying. My. Best.” I ground out just as my knee bolted up hitting him right between the legs. He bent over with a muffled groan before staggering back against the tiled wall and out of reach of my fighting spirit. “Leave” I pleaded with him, “or it will continue to hurt you.” 
Wet hair clung to his face, his shirt and pants were drenched right through. I bit my bottom lip. He wasn’t backing down, neither was Spirit. This wasn’t over.
Slowly he removed the belt from his pants, crouched in low, looped it around my ankles and pulled tight. His foot leaned heavily on the leather flap making it difficult for me to assault him any further. I nodded in relief. 
Reaching out to the shelf behind me, he took the entire bottle of soap, poured half of it onto a cloth and lathered me all over in record time. Being soaped up by someone like Ota may be some women’s fantasy, but in my case, it was persecution. He hesitated only a second before quickly slipping the cloth between my legs, but given the state I was in and after the gymnastics my spirit had me perform, modesty was long forgotten. 
The struggle to keep me from attacking him continued until I had been fully rinsed down. My legs buckled in exhaustion. Dangling from the hook, my spirit retreated from the fight, satisfied that it had taken care of the threat. Ota looked like he had lost a few rounds, but said nothing as he removed the belt from my ankles and unhooked my arms.
The ribbon dissolved into nothing confirming the cleansing was complete and my shoulders sagged in relief. Wrapping a warm, massive bath sheet around me, he guided me back into Rosie’s room and sat me down on a vanity stool in front of an ornate dresser. Hot steamy clouds pursued us as the sauna-like air wafted from the bathroom. 
Maybe it was the change in room temperature, but the shivers and fever returned stronger than ever. The flu-like symptoms were worsening and I couldn’t help but pray that Rosie’s ritual worked because when it came down to it, I really didn’t want to die. Maybe I had wished for death after the explosion, but not now.   
Ota stepped back and gasped as he took in my face. 
Whipping around to the mirror, I wiped off the condensation and choked back a sob. 
Thousands of tiny scaly sigils covered every inch of my skin. Turning away from him, I pulled open the towel and saw my entire body was the very same as my face. I whipped it closed before turning back. “What’s wrong with me???????”
 His eyes roved my face. His thumb touched my chin lightly before he looked into my eyes. For reasons I could not comprehend, being this close to him felt good, beyond anything I had ever felt before. I had no idea what he was thinking, probably something along the lines of she looks like a Komodo dragon.
 “Your spirit is in great distress.” He stepped to the opposite side of the vanity dresser where a cast-iron tea pot sat and poured red liquid into a cup. “Hopefully, it’s the last time you’ll need to drink this.” 
With weak and trembling hands, I went to take it, but the shakes were too strong to actually lift it to my mouth. Ota knelt on the floor in front of me and held his hands over mine to steady the cup until I had drank the entire contents. If I didn’t know he was truly committed to making me fit for trial, I could have mistaken these gestures as kindness, a kindness I had never experienced before.
“Sorry if I hurt you” I offered while taking in his cut lip, soaking wet clothes and dishevelled appearance. “I tried, but couldn’t stop it.”
His body shook with contained laughter, “you didn’t hurt me. You were very brave and strong to suppress that kick-ass spirit in there...whatever it is.” 
He stood, walked back to the bathroom and returned with a long, cream linen garment. “Final phase of the preparations,” he announced. 
I drained the cup and put it back on the dresser. Still thinking of the sigils I asked, “could my spirit be a dragon?”  
He pondered at length on the enquiry and I realized he was not a man who responded quickly to any comment or question. There was always pause for reflection before speaking, as if, once spoken, his words were written in stone. 
“A dragon? Not impossible, but highly improbable.” 
“How so?”
“A dragon has not emerged in our world, nor that of my ancestors, nor their ancestors before them. So, no, I don’t think it’s a dragon. But, in truth, nobody knows what spirit we hold until we Transition.”   
“Yeah” I sighed “nobody knows.” 
‘I am not a dragon, Host. Of that I am sure.’
‘Duly noted, Spirit.’
After a long moment of silence he said “it’s usually a wonderful thing when one’s spirit is Transitioned and the connection is made. We are forever changed from that instant on. After a time, we cannot imagine ever having lived without this other part of ourselves.” 
He made it sound amazing and it gave me hope that perhaps I too, would feel that way once all this was behind me. “What does your spirit do, Ota? Is it the smoke you make?”
“That,” he said placing the robe across my lap, “is a conversation for another time. Now, I believe the coven is waiting for you. I need to change, but I won’t be long. I’ll wait outside the bedroom door and once you’re ready, I will take you to the garden then leave you to enter the main gathering spot.”


Chapter 4

As we made our way along the garden path hundreds, and I mean hundreds of candles protruded from the ground. Roses, pansies, marigolds and foxgloves all glowed as if they were lights unto themselves. It was enchanting and breathtaking. From the lilac trees, flanking the winding trail, glass crystals hung loosely from branch to branch, creating a scene one could only expect to find in legends of the Fae. 
Was Rosie part Fae? Before I would have ridiculed myself at such a question, but now, not so much.
Ota released his hand from my arm, “you okay from here?” he whispered. I nodded nervously. “Don’t forget, I’ll be close by and watching you at all time. And don’t even think of making a run for it.”
‘I sense you like his touch, Host. Very much so.’
‘You’re wrong, Spirit.’ I snapped.
‘I believe that’s called denial.’
‘Would you just drop it!’ I grumbled 
Ota had walked off into the night and I took a deep calming breath. His warning that I not try to escape had my heart pounding. I was going to make a run for it at the first opportunity and given what little I knew about Ota, I’d have to make sure, he didn’t find me. 
Entering the main gathering spot, I marvelled at the same level of luminosity and charm which extended into a much larger space. The energy of, what felt like, a powerful spell hung in the air and I recognized it had been cast for such an occasion. How I knew that baffled me. 
Looking at the small crowd gathered, shock registered on everyone’s face except Rosie and Ota, who stood side by side. They exchanged a knowing glance, making me wonder what that meant. Was it concerning the sigils? Because they certainly were noticeable and causing a few raised eyebrows. Some threw me appreciative glances, which made me look down. My linen robe was see-through and I was naked underneath. It was also quite chilly which meant my nipples were standing to attention. 
Great! More embarrassment! 
No matter. I was here to heal and escape, in that order. Hopefully, I would eventually find a way to prove my innocence in Nessan’s death. Of course, it wouldn’t remove the turmoil and guilt I felt inside, but that was mine to own. For now, I would appear to comply to their laws. 
Rosie took center stage and beckoned the group to assemble. Her smile was so wide, so beautiful it could only be filled with peace and joy. I envied her that state. Maybe that was wrong of me, but when peace of mind packs up and leaves, you want to have it back so badly, you can only envy others who have it.
Her arms spread wide, alabaster skin peeking through her long heavy emerald green cloak, as she turned to face each section of the circle. “My dearest brothers and sisters, thank you. Thank you for coming.”  Her voice rang powerful and true into the night air. The circle responded in a chorus I can only describe as incredibly proud and strong.“We are the coven of The Ancients. We answer the call of our Mother, Diana.
 “Tonight, our task is not an easy one. This child,” she motioned in my direction “has had her spirit detached. The Elder who performed the Transition has crossed over. We know what is within Linny Harkin is strong, but we do not know what it is. Our remedies have delayed her death, but unless we reattach her spirit here tonight, she will pass over before sunrise.”
It’s almost surreal hearing that your own death is impending. There isn’t any way to process that except to keep breathing. Murmurs grew in the circle at the sound of Nessan dying. I could feel their doubt and reluctance to offer healing. 
Rosie’s voice boomed throughout the circle. “She knows nothing of our world! She was brought into this through the urging of others and the belief that this was the right thing to do. She was never told of the danger she faced. Was never told something could go wrong. Yet here she stands under arrest, facing death and accusing stares.” 
Wow! Rosie knew? She had just called out Ota, Lonan and Evaline on the Transition! If one person could believe me, maybe there was hope.
A long dagger appeared from her hand pointing to the sky. “We are the brothers and sisters of Diana. It is our sworn duty to help and heal. Who stands with me in aiding this child? Who does not fear what is unknown? Who trusts our Mother Diana?”
A resounding roar rang into the night. Everyone had similar daggers as Rosie and pointed them skyward chanting “Ancients, Ancients, Ancients, Ancients!!!!” 
Goosebumps that had nothing to do with the cold sprouted all over my body. I felt Rosie was changing the energy of the coven from strong to formidable, as if every ounce of that energy would be expended. 
“Step into the Cairn, Linny” Rosie called. “Come for healing, if that is what you seek.” 
Shooting a furtive glance at Ota, who was standing off to the side, his arms folded across his expansive chest, I joined Rosie in the center. The perspective was different from here, like being a fish in a bowl. The energy was insanely wild and in need of harnessing. I had no doubt Rosie would hold it like a whip and crack it to her will. 
Facing me directly, she sought my consent for the ritual. “Confirm what you seek, Child.”
“I seek healing,” I responded almost in a whisper.  
Rosie kissed my forehead, got me to sit on a low circular wooden lat then stepped away, blending into the circle. Large heavy hoods were raised from their cloaks and all coven members became shrouded. The collective language changed to that which Rosie had used earlier when binding the ribbon to my wrists. 
My spirit, which had been quiet up until now, sensed something it did not like and pounded against my chest in protest, jolting me brusquely. Startled coven members recoiled in alarm.
‘Host! If they fear us, they will harm us. Step back so I can defend us.’
‘Just wait! Okay? Not everything has to lead to fighting.’
 “You shall not fear her spirit!” Rosie called out. 
‘See? Rosie is trying to help, so keep a cool head.’
“It seeks to protect her from another cleansing by water. Continue, for it will soon see we heal by fire.” 
By fire?!!!!
‘Yeah. Fire sounds very helpful.’
Okay, now it was my turn to be afraid. I shot a glance at Ota, but he was no longer where I had last seen him. One thing was certain, he was watching from the shadows. He wasn’t going to let me go unsupervised. 
The sound of blades scraping stone caught my attention, and not in a good way. Wasn’t there a line in the Fee-fi-fo-fum fairy tale that mentioned sharpening blades? Or was that grinding bones? Whatever, I wasn’t getting the warm and fuzzies when I saw each coven member rhythmically pass their daggers on a smooth granite stone. 
“Our Athames are sharpened!!” Rosie cried. “Offer the sacrifice on the sacred burning coals of Hephaestus!” 
‘We react now, or they’ll burn us!’
‘Would you hush with the battle cries? They’re not going to burn us!’
Each coven member cut their hand and sprinkled a few droplets of blood on the fire as they continuously chanted in the strange language. After twelve hisses of blood burnt on the coals, Rosie was last to place her offering and it was generous, to say the least. She gestured me to come forward, which I did, but not eagerly. My spirit was telling me pain was on the menu. Again.
“Place your hand over the sacred flame.” 
I did as she asked. The heat was intense. “Open your palm to the healing flames of Hephaestus.” 
The knife sliced through my skin and I jerked away, but her grip was so tight, I really couldn’t move much. Rosie could give Ota a run for his money. Droplets of blood hit the Blessed Heph-something flames and that’s when everything changed. 
Rays of golden light flickered incessantly in random spots. I dropped to my knees as a force so much stronger than me took over transforming me from a shivering mess, to a warm, empowered being. I laughed as my arms reached for the sky. My heart, soul and mind expanded beyond the now. 
Rosie could see the transformation and smiled. “The child is healing!!! Her spirit will soon return to its original state,” she proclaimed. The chanting rose to a powerful crescendo. “Walk on the coals, child! Walk on the coals!”
Without hesitation, I stood on the burning rocks, but felt no pain. 
‘What is this wonderful sensation? It feels so....soothing.’
Spirit’s energy immediately lost its combative feel and I remained on the coals to accelerate the process of making it dormant. The hem of my linen gown caught fire, but I quelled the inner alarms for fear it would disturb Spirit. Thankfully, Rosie dashed over and quickly ripped it to knee level without my leaving the burning coals. 
‘I will rest momentarily, Host.’
My spirit was merging with me. It craved the intense heat and I continued to 
dance on the hot coals, taking in the luminous force of vibrant power until both my soul and inner sprit were one. 
‘I must...sleep.’
‘Rest spirit. We will talk soon.’
And just like that, the presence within me disappeared. Life sparked around me. I felt connected to the earth, the sky and every life force in between. How long I had spent in that alternate state, I had no idea, but when my feet touched the soft damp grass, Rosie’s voice called out “Close the circle brothers and sisters.” 
I was suddenly surrounded by these wonderful people, who had given so much tonight to help me. Their energy pulsed with mine and I thanked them profusely for their help and sent energy back in thanks. The group all joined hands and Rosie gave a final offer of thanks to all the deities and then to all coven members. 
“We need to replenish!” She called out as everyone began to remove their cloaks “drinks and snacks are on the table and everything for your footsies are at the usual spot.”
Rosie joined me and I hugged her for a long moment. She laughed gently at my enthusiasm and placed errant strands of hair behind my ears with a loving regard. “Not a cut or sigil in sight!”
I touched my cheek, the weird markings temporarily forgotten and smiled with relief. Such symbols would be a hard thing to hide and even harder to explain to friends and family, or even people in general. A momentary thought of being unable to share any of this with Gwen or my mother made me feel ever more detached from reality.   
“You are never alone in our world, Child.” Rosie removed her shawl, wrapping it around me dotingly and I couldn’t help but wonder if she could read my thoughts? “My door will always be open to you, no matter what.”
“How can I ever thank you? I would never have expected to feel so - well after....after -.”
“You feel well because your spirit is dormant and no longer a separate entity from you. And while we may not know what is inside you, it certainly is most special. Consider it a wonderful gift, Linny, because even if this chapter of your life is difficult, these struggles will make you what you are to become.” She placed a gentle kiss on my forehead, “now, go mingle with the new friends you have met tonight.”
With their cloaks removed, the coven seemed like an ordinary group of men and women. Their warm, cheerful smiles when I joined them provided a welcome break from the animosity and pain of the past two days. As I chatted easily with them, I could still feel the lingering power of the healing pulsing through me. In this fairy-lit garden only peace, well-being and love flowed. My heart soared so much it took everything not to keep dancing under the starry sky. God, I sounded like one who ingested magic mushrooms!
Spotting Evaline and Lonan walking toward me, I went to meet them. Evaline took my hand and smiled widely, “so glad that’s over for you now. It looked rough out there. ”
“Thanks, so much to you both. Rosie told me you drove to Killarney and back to pick up the remaining coven members.”
“Ah’d face your fightin’ spirit over these Irish roads any day” Lonan griped jokingly. “Tryin’ to stay alive just plum wore us out ‘n Ah’m ready to bunk down for the night.”
Biting my bottom lip, I felt bad for all the upheaval. “Sorry for putting you through so much trouble.”
“No trouble,” Evaline offered. “Rosie was right. We caused all of this when we Transitioned you.”
“No” Lonan snapped. “We did our duty. End of!”
 “Hush” she chided gently then turned to me. “We’re glad to see you are well again.” With a quick peck to my cheek, she took Lonan’s hand and they headed to the house.
Lonan’s comments made me want to flee. Ungrateful much? Maybe, but my plan was to leave tonight when everyone was asleep. I’d find some way to hitch back to Limerick, or I’d hide out somewhere for a few days. It wasn’t great as plans go, but what did I know about being a fugitive!
The sound of splashing water and peals of laughter caught my attention. Some people had gathered under a lilac tree at the far corner of the garden opposite the caravan. Approaching them, I noticed one man standing on colourful wooden lattes, his feet covered in suds. He turned on a tap protruding from a metal pipe sunk into the ground and water gushed from a lower spout around his ankles rinsing the suds away. 
“Your turn, Claire” he called to a plump woman in front of me before he stepped onto a dark bath mat to dry off his feet. 
“You know the drill” she joked to a rotund, balding man by her side. 
“Of course,” he replied with a kiss to her hand “a throne for my queen”. He pulled out a fold-away stool hidden in the shadows and placed it on the lattes then stepped back while the woman pumped soap onto her hands from a large dispenser placed in a basket beside her. 
It made sense people would want to wash after being barefoot during the ritual. My own soles were surely sooty after walking on the hot coals and, probably in much need of a rinse.  
“Feeling better?”
The accent was Scottish, melodic and easy on the ears. I turned to see a tall man in his early twenties with unruly brown curly hair sitting atop vivid green eyes and a wide smile. 
“Yes, thank you. I’m feeling great.” 
“Good, because you looked fierce poorly when we saw you first.” 
He offered me a glass of wine then clinked his with mine. “Cheers!”I offered then took a long slug of the sweet wine and emptied my glass.
“Am, that’s strong Meade. Local stuff. ‘Tis best to pace yourself after a healin’ or you’ll be on your arse before ye know it.” 
He exchanged my empty one for the other glass he was holding and I only drank half all at once, this time. “Sorry, I didn’t catch your name. I’m Linny, but you already know that.” 
“Aye, where are me manners.” Extending a hand, he said.“I’m Brice.” 
“Brice?” I shook his hand “I’ve never heard of that name before.”
“Aye, ‘tis supposed to mean ‘speckled one.’ Maybe back in the day that was ‘freckled one’.”
“But you don’t have freckles.”
“There’s irony for you.” 
Noticing the plaster in his left palm, I remembered how they had all cut themselves during the ceremony. “Does it hurt where you cut your hand?” 
“Arrah no. You?”
“A little. Not used to deliberately nicking myself.” 
 ‘Aye. Tis like that in the beginning. But I don’t notice anymore, I’ve cut meself quite a bit for the cause.” 
“The cause?” I finished off the rest of the glass. “Like a rebellious cause?”
“Not rebellious, Magical..for healin’, that is. There’s always a wee sacrifice to pay the deities. Ye ken?” 
“So you have to cut yourself each time?” 
He turned a bright shade of red and spoke lowly. “Aye, ‘tis usually blood.” 
“Usually?” I considered that for a moment then realization hit me. “Are you telling me other bodily fluids are required?” A loud giggle burst from me causing other coven members to glance over. Perhaps I was a little under the influence, or a bit merry. Had I really drank too much? Two glasses of Meade, even if it was local stuff, didn’t seem a lot. Then why did I feel like I had imbibed a lot more.
Brice beckoned me away from the sensitive ears of the other witches then leaned in close to whisper. “It all depends on -”
“Linny?”
Ota suddenly appeared beside me and shot an unfriendly glance at Brice. “Rosie advises you rest after the ritual.” 
“Oh, okay. Yep, I’ll be along shortly.” Turning back to Brice, I noticed him shift uncomfortably, his gaze on something behind me, about a foot above my head. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw Ota hadn’t budged.  This keeping me under tabs at all times was too much. Yes, I totally got that he arrested me, but I was hardly going to make a run for it. Later, yes, but not now.
“Well,” Brice waved limply, while stepping backwards slowly “happy to have met you, Linny. Hope you continue to stay healthy.” 
I didn’t want him to be intimidated by the imposing presence, but it was too late. Ota gently took my arm, gave a sharp nod to Brice before leading me away. 
“Bye, No-Freckles- Brice!” I called to his rapidly retreating form. He gave another weak wave then sprinted toward the exit. Allowing myself to be led away, I smiled at the sensation of the cool grass between my toes. Suddenly, I stopped in my tracks. “Wait! I didn’t clean my feet!” 
“That can be done later” Ota grumbled and continued toward the caravan.  
“Hey! I just want to wash my feet” I protested by digging in my heels. Lifting up one to inspect it had me swaying. Yep, I was definitely swaying. 
Ota held me steady and rounded on me. “You’re intoxicated,” he stated as a matter of fact. There was no emotion to be heard in his tone, but I could feel tension roll of his body like a tumble-weed in a wind storm. 
“Hardly! I only had two glasses of Meade.” 
“Gulped down within two minutes and that was more like Moonshine than Meade!”
“This custody thing is a bit much. I mean, you don’t need to be watching my every move?! I’m not escaping tonight. I swear.” 
His lips pressed together as he exhaled loudly through his nose. After a long pause he spoke calmly, “I was ensuring you were safe.”
My shoulders sagged in deflation. “Why bother? I’m going to end up tried and fried anyway. Right?” 
The comment failed in goading a reaction from him and I couldn’t understand why I had tried to incite one in the first place.
Remaining calm and collected as ever, he explained patiently, “everything after a healing ritual is intensified, greatly. Without any alcohol, one is intoxicated by the sheer energy produced within the group. Add alcohol to that and you may as well have had two bottles not two glasses.”
“Uhh really?” I swayed some more, which made me feel nauseous. “Sounds ridiculous.” My eyes felt droopy and the high was nose-diving fast. “And you’re kind of killing my buzz here.” 
We were at the caravan door. Ota paused before he pulled it open, “believe me, the buzz only delays our troubled feeling until tomorrow.”
He led me inside to the spotless bedroom and sat me on the bed. Rosie had gotten rid of the blood-stained duvet and an exact replica replaced it. I reminded myself to repay everything I had broken or damaged. 
When he left the room, I stared into space trying to wrap my head around how one minute I had felt connected to the entire cosmos and the next minute completely alone. Was I missing my spirit? Flopping back dejectedly, my legs swung, as they dangled over the side and my head spun as if it had been set on the spin cycle.  I reminded myself that no matter how badly I felt, escaping later tonight was imperative.
Despite the fog of mead and crazy energy clouding my brain, I tried to take stock of the past forty eight hours. My mind wandered through the events from arriving at Banba to when Nessan had changed during the ritual. Why was she filled with such anger? That couldn’t be normal, right? Should I ask Rosie? I certainly couldn’t ask Ota. He had already suffered enough with the loss.
Just then his face peered into mine, his long hair falling onto my prone body. “I thought you were asleep” he said while flipping a hand towel over his shoulder. 
“Hmmm? No.....” Sitting up, I saw he was knelt in front of me, towels and a wash basin by his side. Large hands slipped around my foot and a soapy cloth eased over my skin. “What are you doing?” I exclaimed while pulling away quickly. 
He didn’t look up. “You said you hadn’t cleaned your feet.” 
“Ota, no! That’s not for you to do!” I felt embarrassed and maybe even sounded ungrateful, but there was only so much washing I could take from this man. Ignoring my protest, he placed a fluffy dry towel across his thighs and holding my calves, guided my feet upon it.
Water filled my eyes. “How can you show kindness towards me of all people?” Didn’t he believe I killed his bonded?
After swiftly drying my feet, he asked, “are you not deserving of help?”
His question perturbed me because I was not expecting him to respond, or if he did, his response would surely be one of derision. “No....not from you...” My head spun faster and formulating a phrase became difficult.
He smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. I took in his sharp chiselled features, black eyes and smooth tan skin. He was truly stunning, even if most of the time he came across as cold. When he pulled the duvet and sheets down, I couldn’t believe he was trying to tuck me in. Being in his custody wasn’t like being shackled to an iron ball 24/7.   
“The truth will come out, Linny. It always does.”  
The Council would need irrefutable proof I had no prior knowledge of any magical powers and that my intentions were not to harm Nessan, which would be impossible to provide. They’d fry me to an extra-crispy level in a heart-beat.  “How do they execute people in your Realm?
I lay against the cool sheets. “Better rest up. It’s been a really tough few days.”
“For you too.” I added softly. “You hide your loss, but I know it hurts.”
“All troubles are carried away with the wind.”
“Is that how do you deal with all of this?” My hand splayed in a semi circle to indicate the whole range of crazy that we’d experienced. “Is that how you keep from going insane?”
He seemed to take in every part of my face. “Guidance must always be sought from the Great Spirit.” 
He didn’t elaborate, so I guessed that was as much as he was going to impart on the subject. “Does he listen to anyone, this Great Spirit?” I needed to tell someone what really happened. “Or does he only answer those with gorgeous hair?” In my inebriated state I reached out and touched the end of one of his long inky locks. They were as soft, silky and smooth as they looked. 
His hand covered mine for a moment before placing it under the cover. “Our hair is the Ni, or spirit of the man.” 
My eyes felt very heavy and I struggled to keep them open. “Then.... you have a very beautiful Ni, Ota Two Moons.” 
He laughed softly before placing the duvet up to my shoulders then turned off the light and sleep claimed me.  

The next morning a bright midday sun shone through the wooden slats gently nudging me awake. Feelings of peace and happiness filled my heart and I stretched languidly until thoughts of Nessan, the Transition and last night’s cleansing crept in. Both inner peace and happiness packed up and slammed the door behind them.  
The escape!! Grrr!  I groaned inwardly. How could I completely forget?  The answer to that was, I got drunk and basically passed out. 
Okay, slight setback. No matter, I’ll escape tonight. 
A plan B needed formulating. So, what do I need most right now?
For Ota to understand how Nessan became demonic. 
Didn’t he say something about the truth last night? Surely he would want to be aware of all aspects of the story? Wasn’t the truth supposed to set you free? 
I set in order of priority what had to be done. First of all, I needed to shower and find a replacement for this linen robe. Maybe Rosie had something she could lend me. Clean underwear would be a problem, as mine had been destroyed in the cleansing preparations. 
Going commando it was! 
The hardest thing would be getting Ota to listen to my side of things, but, I was nothing if not determined. 
With my plan in place, I got out of bed and found myself on the floor. 
Ota jumped up, alert poised to attack. “What??,” he exclaimed while stealthily checking the length of the caravan. Whipping around, he looked me over for injuries. “What’s wrong?” 
His bare muscled chest and panting torso was a sight to behold, but I was relieved to see he was at least wearing a pyjama bottom. “You’re on the floor?” I panted from shock and confusion. “Beside the bed?”  
“Bia” he exhaled loudly, brushing a hand through his hair “you’d bring trouble to the dead.”
“Hey!” I scowled. “I was just going to the bathroom. How was I supposed to know you were camping out?”The tone of the word Bia was deep, somehow sensual and for some insane reason heat rose to my cheeks. “And what’s a Bia anyway?”
“Because you were screaming in the night. And it means ‘Woman’.”
“Bia? That’s Sioux?”
He nodded. It was only when he put away a very large dagger onto the blanket that I realized he was even holding one. Why was he even sleeping with a dagger? My mind scrambled to understand and came up with the only logical reason it could find.
 “Hey! Am I on some sort of ‘escape’ watch?” I folded my arms across my chest in frustration. “Because I’ve gone along with this ‘you’re my prisoner’ bullshit from the get go.”
He didn’t need to know my plans for tonight. I valued my head attached to my neck. 
Holding up a hand up to stop me from continuing, he stepped in closer then blew lightly on his open palm. A swirling wisp of smoke rose up and danced while suspended in mid-air.
 “While I shower, here’s a little recap of last night.”  He grabbed a back-pack placed near the door and left. 
“What happened last night?” I called out, but he was already running the water and couldn’t hear me. When he showed me Duff’s Transition, he had told me to look into the smoke, so I did the same thing here. 
Immediately, I was catapulted to the sidelines of a bedroom scene. Like a voyeur, I saw Ota enter the bedroom cautiously and observe my agitated movements. It appeared I was having quite the nightmare, but I didn’t remember any of this?
Drunk on Meade and energy! Duh!
Long inky hair fell from his shoulder as he leaned over me and called my name, but I didn’t respond and continued to fight some invisible foe. He sat on the side of the bed, placed a hand on my shoulder and left it there while murmuring lowly. My movements calmed down for a moment before I awoke and sat upright. 
Mussed, sweaty hair clung to my face and neck and my breath was heaving from whatever battle I emerged from. 
“What’s happening?” My nervous, fearful tone was pitiful. 
“Just a bad dream.” His hand continued to hold mine. 
“Okay” I sighed and lay down again. “Sorry I woke you up.”
“I wasn’t sleeping.”
“You weren’t? How come? Is it late?” 
He shot a glance at the alarm clock. “Two a.m. Rest, Linny. Everything is alright.”
I folded my arms crossly. “Have you to guard me? Is that why you’re not sleeping?” 
“You are in my custody, so, yes, technically, I am guarding you. But I’m not standing outside your door brandishing a weapon, if that’s what you mean. Consider this minimum security. ” 
“So when do you get to sleep?”
“Whenever I need.”
I said nothing more then settled under the covers and fell asleep almost instantly.  
Swirling smoke billowed in front showing me the clock read 3:30 a.m. and a very sleepy Ota entered the room. It was almost an exact replay of the first disturbance in that I was having another nightmare. 
What the hell was wrong with me?????
“Okay, let’s see what’s going on.” He spoke softly to my agitated form, his voice sleepy and sexy. Smoke slithered from his hands, hovered above my face before enveloping me. I remained asleep the whole time. Even more disturbing was the fact that I had no recollection of this at all. 
A few minutes later the smoke dissipated and he shook his head sadly. “You can’t save her. You can’t fix what happened.” He stood up, took a spare blanket from a basket by the bed and laid it on the floor then held my hand.  
My cheeks flushed crimson red with embarrassment. The smoke swirled again into nothingness. The recap had ended.
Sweet Divine Moonbeams, I needed my hand held during the night?? I was the emotional equivalent of a toddler!!!
When Ota returned to the room, his wet skin glistened like diamonds and his hair dripped rivulets of water which trailed into the waistline of his towel. I stood there speechless at his beauty as well as my childish behaviour. I couldn’t blame this one my inner spirit because according to Rosie, it got sent back into a coma during the ritual. 
“Well.....ahm. Sorry you had to spend the night on the floor and.....for tripping over you. But thanks anyway.....” 
 “Being scared is not a weakness.”
“Mmmhmm” I hummed disbelievingly. “I’d better shower.”
Once inside the safe confines of the bathroom my shoulders sagged and I shook my head in dismay. I had been nothing but a fool since Lonan walked into the agency that Saturday evening. The sooner I was away from these people the better.   

Dressed in jeans, a too-snug t-shirt and underwear Rosie had somehow left in the bathroom, I made my way outside. My intention was to have some tea and a little toast even if I wasn’t feeling hungry. 
Stepping inside the warm, bright kitchen, delicious scents invaded my senses and had my taste buds drooling. Rosie was putting the finishing touches on an elaborate, colourful breakfast spread. Exotic rhythmic drumming pulsed gently from a speaker hidden in some recess. Dressed in a beaded, printed maxi, it flowed with her movements like a leaf billowing in the wind. She smiled while beckoning me to sit.
A plate piled with decoratively cut fruit, pancakes filled with ham and cheese, sausages, bacon and fried eggs was placed before me. “Ahmmm..wow Rosie, that’s a wonderful spread!” 
“Nourishment for the body and soul, child.” 
How bacon and pancakes could nourish my soul, I wasn’t sure, but didn’t say anything. Rosie had gone to an awful lot of trouble to feed and house us and I was incredibly grateful for her hospitality. Tea was served without preamble and I could feel the expectation that I ‘dig in’ so to speak, instead I took a long sip of the tea.
An explosion of unusual flavours burst across my tongue where spices and herbs blended together in one deeply soothing sip. I took a second and third sip relishing tastes of mint, ginger and something else I could not quite pinpoint. “Rosie, this tea is just amazing!” 
With a kind smile she nodded.“I suppose Liquorice Lift is a bit of a pick-me-up, as they say”. 
It certainly was! Before I knew it, I had emptied two cups and was filling a third when my stomach rumbled like a very loud and cranky lion. Suddenly the feast before me didn’t seem enough to satiate my hunger and I ate like it was my last meal on this earth.
After breakfast, I cleaned up and was heading outside when Rosie placed a raincoat in my hand and said “follow me. Today we’re experimenting.”
Looking at the cloudless sky then back to the raincoat had me frown in confusion. “We are? With what?”
“Magic, of course!” And just like that the temperature dropped, a Northern wind blew fiercely and freezing rain poured down on us. 

We were in the garden, where my healing took place. Rosie had planned for a day of magical exploration in a bid to shed light on what spirit inhabited me. In essence she wanted to see what kind of magic I responded to.
“You’re sure this is a good time to experiment?” I hollered over the howling wind, the onslaught of lashing rain causing me to spit my words.
Rosie’s expression was of unwavering confidence. “Of course I am sure, child!” This isn’t difficult, long maybe, but not difficult. Plus it’s just the two of us, so no fear we’ll be disturbed.” 
That got my attention. “Oh....ahm...the others have left?” 
“They were requested by a Council operative to give an update on the status of your health following the reattachment of your spirit. They’ll probably be gone a day or two. I won’t hide the fact that your oldest brother Oran is the one liaising between both parties. The Council are nothing if not mistrusting, but they trust him.” 
“Well, my brother sounds like a very loyal Council subject.” 
The sarcasm wasn’t lost on Rosie. “Our expectations of family sometimes need to be adjusted as we travel life’s path. I’m sure you will come through this period stronger and having learned much about yourself.”
That was a polite way of saying my family were a bunch of let-downs, but I didn’t want to start talking about them. That was a problem for another day. “So, where’s the meeting taking place?”
“I prefer to remain on a need-to-know basis. I’ll help heal anyone, but I stay far away from anything Council related.” 
“So, does that mean I’m in your custody until Ota returns?” 
“Absolutely not! I’m a healer, child, not a jailer. I’d say he probably has someone watching outside the wards of this property.”
“Wards? What are those?” 
“Protective barriers” she explained. “Invisible ones. They resonate if someone enters who is not of my circle.”
“Is it kind of like a doorbell, or alarm? It goes off if you come in, or out?” Escaping could be difficult if I set off invisible alarms.
“Something like that.” With a wide smile she said, “now, let you and I begin exploring the wonderful magical mystery that you are, my dear Linny.”

The rain wear proved ineffective against the torrents of water lashing at us from all directions. We were both soaked to the skin, our breath, visible in the frosty air and I expected hypothermia to set in any moment now. “H-how does this exploring t-thing work?” 
“We can have an affinity with many, many types of energies. For example, an Elemental will use Fire, Earth, Wind, Water and Spirit to produce magic, whereas another might use Lunar magic because of affinities to the moon. A Hedge Witch would specialize in herbal magic, a Kitchen Witch would be a proficient cook etc. Then there are many varieties of magical powers directly associated with Transitioned spirits, but we will touch on elemental magic first to see if you respond.”
“But isn’t my Spirit asleep now? Well, since the healing that is?”
“Good question!” Taking my hand she led me into the centre of the cairn and stood opposite me. This felt awfully like the beginning of a Transition and I swallowed hard to suppress the fear of how this process would end. 
“Yes your spirit is dormant for the moment, but you will still respond, even if only in a small way, to the energy that you have an affinity with. Had you any signs of your inner dweller before the Transition?”
The burning sensation on my hand was the first time I actually saw the sigil. “I suppose......maybe there was.”
“So let’s try and tap into that energy.”
“Could any harm come to you by doing this?”
“This is not a Transition, Linny. We’re simply looking for responsive energies.”
“But I don’t know what kind of energy it was!”
“Leave that to me.” Raising her arms, she spoke in that strange, beautiful melodic language and a mass of heavenly warm air swirled around us. It was as if we were suddenly experiencing a balmy summer’s day.  My shivering stopped, our hair and clothes began to dry and a feeling of comfort settled in. 
“Feel anything resonating within you?” 
“Gratitude that I’m warm and dry?” 
Rosie smirked, “concentrate, Linny. Reach down inside you. Tell me what this element feels like.” 
Closing my eyes, I freed my mind of everything going on around me, focusing only on the sensation of invisible movement touching my skin. Air. The feathery light contact belied its importance as a source for all life. We needed air to breathe, our lungs held it, transforming it into energy. I also thought of the sense of freedom air produced, be it while cycling, running or gliding through the air on a swing. The affinity was not to be dismissed, but it was not a major part of me. 
“Ahmmm...can you have like a fraction of an element in you?” 
“It is not common, but not unheard of either. Why? Tell me what you feel?”
After I explained everything, she appeared pensive. “We can assume it is not Air through which you have a deep affinity. But no matter, this is what we are here for and I think it is a very good start.” 
“It is?” 
“Absolutely!”  
“So..ahm what should I be feeling?” 
“Ah, now only you can answer that, for only you can recognize the connection you will experience between mind, body and soul. This usually occurs when an element calls to us. We naturally gravitate toward it, we feel it empower us, we feel connected.” 
“Okay then” I said slightly more enthused, “what’s next?” 
“Let’s go with the Earth element.” 
Before I even had time to acknowledge the change of subject, my feet sank into about two feet of mud. 
“I want you to charge up the powerful energy of Mother Earth. Breathe deeply, focus! Connect with that intuition!”  
Looking down at the dark, rich soil, I allowed the physical sensation to envelop me. Closing my eyes, I concentrated on the thick, wet dirt working its way into every pore, nook and cranny of my skin. I thought of the microscopic minerals seeping through, dragging toxins out. Once the impurities were eliminated, the energy of the earth changed and instinctively, I pulled it up into me. The potential power in such a small quantity of dirt was enormous, but quickly fizzled away to dust. I tried again and again but the power did not want to stay. 
“Best to let it go” Rosie suggested. “It’s not for you.” 
“But I could feel it! I could feel the power there!” 
“Remember, it’s not because you feel the energy that it is meant for you. There has to be an undeniable connection.” I couldn’t help excitement fizzle. “Now, we need to keep going, there is much more to cover.” 
From there we moved on to fire, then water, then healing, herbs, divination, candles, tarot, lunar energy -the list seemed endless. We didn’t stop until we covered so many magical possibilities that I was near complete exhaustion by the time night was falling. We had not stopped once all day. 
Clearly tired herself, Rosie slowly made her way to the house. “Today was a most productive day, if I must say so myself.”  
It was?“But we still don’t know what I am.” 
“True. But we know what you’re not. We also know there are fragments of all the elements in there,” she pointed a finger toward my heart. “None of this should be discarded as unimportant.” 
After eating some toasted sandwiches, we called it a night. I returned to the caravan and immediately felt Ota’s absence, something I had not felt all day. Too exhausted to undress, and feeling somewhat nauseous, I fell onto the bed and was asleep in seconds. 

The following morning, a crow persistently cawed outside the bedroom window. 
“Hush bird!” I pulled pillows over my head to block out the noise, but it began pecking rhythmically at the glass. Then it dawned on me that this was my wake-up call. Rosie probably wouldn’t use a regular alarm clock. I got up, grumbling about sleeping through the night and missing yet another opportunity to escape.  
After a short shower and even quicker change, I made my way through the rain to the cottage still feeling just as nauseous as the night before. 
“Not exactly bright eyed and bushy tailed.” Rosie quipped teasingly, as we met along the path. There wasn’t a day when her outfit didn’t amaze me. This morning a calf-length, blush silk tunic with lace borders hung femininely over matching leggings. Despite the rain, she walked bare-foot as if desert sands surrounded her. “We’ll remedy that quickly enough.” 
The cairn resembled nothing from what it was yesterday. Before me was an Indian oasis where no rain touched anything. Lush ferns stood in large brass containers on a circular wooden platform. In the cairn’s centre were two wooden massage tables with maroon and orange coverings. Suspended from an elaborately decorated pole at the head of each table was a shiny circular brass bowl with a dangly thing at the bottom. On the ground were large decorative basins filled with all sorts of ingredients, only one of which I recognized as rose petals. “It’s beyond beautiful, Rosie” I gasped in awe. “What will we be trying out today?” 
Two petite women, clad in white tunics and leggings stepped out from behind a fern covered partition. “Linny, I would like you to meet my very good friends Jassi and Zoon. They are specialists in their field of mind-body-soul healing and have very kindly accepted my invitation to provide you with this same healing today.” 
Rosie turned to the ladies and with joined hands bowed to them. I followed suite to be polite and offered thanks after my bow. “Once you step into the cairn” she instructed, “they will guide you through each step needed to experience optimal healing.”
Not wanting to sound ungrateful, I thanked Rosie for such a wonderful opportunity, but asked if I wasn’t properly healed by the coven. 
“Yesterday was extremely gruelling for you.  I tested you far beyond what your energy should have been able to absorb, yet you kept going. That tells me, you have endurance like no other I know.” She linked her arm in mine and together we stepped into the cairn. Immediately, the sense of nausea disappeared. 
Curious. It seemed the cairn provided relief, or a barrier, to what I was feeling. I wanted to ask Rosie, but didn’t want to say I had been feeling a little off kilter. 
“And while it does not give us the answers we seek, it does tell me your spirit will be capable of things we have not known in our world.” 
“Really? Geez, Rosie, that sounds kind of scary.”  
With a loving smile, she pulled me in for a hug. “The unknown can be frightening, my sweet child. But there is nothing about you that could possibly frighten anyone. I feel most privileged that our paths have crossed and hope we will remain friends long after your spirit has emerged.” 
Rosie didn’t witness the pummelling my spirit gave Ota in the bathroom. If she had, she would see me differently. Still, I was so moved by her warmth and love that I hugged her back hard and felt I could have cried with happiness. “I hope so too, Rosie.” 
Okay, so maybe it would be all right to postpone the whole escape thing for a day or two.
Inside the cairn, the temperature felt hot, but a gentle soothing breeze wafted over us creating a balmy atmosphere, a striking contrast from the cold and rain. The woman named Zoon, led me to the partition, provided a folded garment of the same colouring as the sheets and asked me to undress before leaving. 
Wrapped in the so-called garment which was the size of a large napkin, I made my way to the table. Rosie was just being covered up chest high by Jassi as she lay on her back. “”On your back please” Zoon asked.
While settling in, a brass bowl hung directly over my forehead. “What’s that for?” 
“Shirodhara is for third eye. Flow on head for blissful sensation is specific to your dosha.”
I looked across at Rosie and mouthed what’s a dosha?
“It’s a system type, or a state of emotions of mind and body. There are Vata, Pitta and Kapha and people are usually a mix of all three with one or two dominant types. The balance of these is what we hope to attain through the Aryuvedic health system.  
“Which one am I?”
“Vata dominant with Pitta secondary.”
“What does that mean?”
“We will get to that in time. For now, enjoy the moment.” 
Zoon was not lying when she said I’d feel a blissful sensation. Warm unctuous, fragrant oil flowing onto my forehead was like nothing I had ever felt before. It streamed along my temples and into my hair dissolving with it all worries, concerns and stress. When the oil ran out, Zoon asked me if I was well while refilling the bowl. “This is heavenly” I replied groggily. As the second treatment began, my ability to stay awake in this refuge of serenity evaporated and I drifted off to sleep. 
About an hour later I was roused from a dreamless nap with the feel of a soft brush on my legs. Zoon smiled when I opened my eyes “Abhyanga-Garshana.  We exfoliate the skin with special herbal oil.” 
“That’s amazing” I crowed then found myself nodding off once more, Rosie’s light chuckling in the background.

Upon waking, I found myself alone. The second table was gone and my table had been centred on the platform, which wasn’t something I had registered at all. At my feet was a maroon coloured robe. Looking around to ensure nobody could see my nakedness, I quickly hopped out from underneath the coverings, slipped my arms through the wrap and tied it tightly around my waist. A tantalizing display of fruits and grains along with a steaming pot of tea sat on a low bench at the entrance to the cairn. My stomach rumbled loudly making me realize I had not eaten since the toasted sandwich the night before. Without preamble, I filled a small ceramic bowl with a little of everything, but it took several servings before feeling satiated. 
Inside this sanctuary of tranquility a sense of complete peace existed. Not particularly eager to return to the cold and rain, I stretched languidly and sat at the edge of the bench with a promise to go see Rosie, Zoon and Jassi at the house in just a little while. 
Thoughts of home came to mind and I wondered if Gwen and my mother bought into Evaline’s impersonation of me. It didn’t feel right deceiving them and I promised to phone later in the day. Part of me still thought I should just walk away from this so-called Council drama and go home, but a strong urging inside vetoed that idea. My spirit had fought Ota fiercely after it felt threatened.  What if that happened while I was with friends and family? It wasn’t safe to be around them, not until I learned more about my Spirit.
A soft rustling noise behind me caught my attention and I glanced over my shoulder to see a very fatigued Rosie ease onto the table. “Rosie!” I rushed to her side. “What’s wrong??” She looked pale, frail and nothing like the vibrant woman from an hour earlier. “Are you ill? What can I do??”
A weak hand flopped away my concerns in dismissal, but I was having none of it. “Rosie, you need to tell me what’s happening, or I’m calling an ambulance right now!!” My tone of voice brooked no nonsense “
A long wheezy laugh escaped her chest leading to a hacking cough. Had she not been so ill, I would have felt cross, but right now I was just confused. 
“Oh Child,” she rasped into the soft, thin mattress. “You’re still so very much in the human mindset.” I didn’t get a chance to ask what she meant, as she laughingly repeated, ambulance. 
“Okay Rosie,” I soothed while placing her under the covers. “Did you have a little noontime cocktail or two?” Maybe she, Jassi and Zoon had imbibed a bit too much during lunch. 
“Not alcohol...silly,” she giggled sleepily. “Energy!” 
“Energy? You had an energy drink?” Tsking, I chided gently “those things are seriously full of caffeine and sugar. They usually get you hyper active and are really not good for the heart. Probably should have a health warning on their labels!” 
Her eyes drooped heavily. “No..your energy” she slurred “......we...drank...your energy.......explora...tion..’member?” 
The sound of her slow, steady breathing told me she had passed out.
They drank energy????
Feeling a bit bewildered as to how and why they would do such a thing, I sat on the bench nervously chewing grains, while watching her sleep. Zoon and Jassi were probably gone or passed out in the cottage. Either way, I couldn’t leave Rosie alone to check on them.
Fat drops of rain began to fall and so did the temperature. Looking up at the dark grey clouds, I realized we were no longer sheltered in the oasis. Cold, blustery wind swirled around us, carrying away the elaborate illusion of a tropical paradise. Whatever spell Rosie cast, it could not be maintained while she slept, meaning she’d be exposed to the cold and wet. The caravan was a lot closer than the cottage. She could sleep it off there. 
Movement to my right caught my eye. Zoon was staggering toward us. “No try lift her,” she grumbled while watching me warily. 
“Okay, but we need to get her inside, quickly.” 
“My spirit carry her.” She threw me a disgusted look. “Don’t come near.” 
My main concern was Rosie, so I threw my hands up reassuringly and stepped off the platform. Satisfied that I wasn’t going to interfere, Zoon cradled Rosie then lifted her as easily as a baby and headed to the cottage. I grabbed my clothes from behind the partition, following at a safe distance. 
Once inside and placed on the couch, Rosie was covered with a warm blanket. Jassi stood fearfully in the far corner of the room, but would not make eye contact with me. This attitude was starting to piss me off. After all, they were the ones who drank my energy. 
While keeping her eyes peeled on me, Zoon stretched out her hand for Jassi to take and the woman joined her in a dash one would make if running away from a bomb. 
“Hey! I’m not going to hurt anyone!” I exclaimed petulantly. “So, you can all just relax, okay?”
She nodded, but ushered Jassi behind her while backing out of the room.”We know.”  Her tone was slow, tense. “But another drop energy touching us could be lethal.”
“Lethal??!!” Many questions raced through my mind, the main one being, why did they drink my energy in the first place? And what did the logistics of drinking energy involve? Did they stick a straw in the neck and take a long swig? No, vampires did that, didn’t they? Were bodily fluids involved? That guy, Brice, had mentioned them being used in rituals, if needed. Ugh! Rosie had some explaining to do. 
“Yes, lethal. So, you promise no touch Rosie until she wake up.”  
“Ooooh-kay?” Several what-if scenarios formed in my mind. “But she will wake up, right?”
“Yes. Otherwise we no leave.”
“Where are you going?”
“Home.” She responded vaguely. “You promise no touch, okay?” 
“Of course I won’t!!” The bark startled them, so I raised my hands once more as a sign of peace before sitting in the armchair furthest from Rosie. Given the size of her diminutive living room, it was barely three feet distance. “But, I’m not leaving her alone, so don’t ask me to!” 
Zoon smiled for the first time since she appeared at the cairn. “You no harm Rosie, but you like nothing we know. We afraid what we not know, so we careful until you Transitioned. You understand, right?”  
It hurt to have people scared of me, but I nodded my understanding. 
“Good.” She heaved a sigh of relief. “Before I forget, coven man come, guard house.” Then they slipped away out of sight. 

Several hours passed and Rosie had not budged. No coven members stopped by either, at least not in any obvious way. Nobody knocked at the door or passed by the window. Maybe they were too busy to do as Zoon asked. Feeling restless from staying curled up on the chair all afternoon and evening, I decided to step outside for a little fresh air. The rain had ceased, temporarily at least, but the dark clouds approaching promised more precipitation. 
From the driveway, the street appeared deserted. There wasn’t even the sound of local traffic and the silence was  eerie. Shaking off a deep shudder, I stretched my neck and rolled the tension from my shoulders before taking a few deep breaths. 
A stooped, elderly man with a worn grey suit and a once-white shirt slowly shuffled past the house. Where had he come from? There hadn’t been a soul about a few seconds ago. It was like he popped out of nowhere. 
“Evenin’” he announced with a warm smile and a friendly nod. He stopped and strained his stooped body to meet my eyes. “Nothin’ like a little stroll between the showers.” 
“Yes” I smiled back. “Looks like there’s more rain along the way.” 
“Hey Linny! How are ya?”  Brice, the bodily fluids man approached with a confident stride and a bunch of wild flowers in hand. “Sorry I’m a wee bit late.” Pushing the flowers into my hand, he smiled “here, these are for my girl!” 
My eyes widened in shock, but I caught his almost imperceptible wink and my mouth formed a momentary ‘oh’ of understanding. “Ahhhm..they’re lovely....yeah..ah thanks.” 
The old man stared at Brice before tipping his hat. “I’ll leave you two love-birds to your evening,” he waved before shuffling on with the same slow, heavy footsteps. 
Once he was well out of earshot, Brice spoke lowly, “go inside now, lass. Lock the door and do not come out again tonight.” 
His serious tone sent shivers down my spine. “What’s going on? Who was that?” 
“Nobody I, nor Rosie knows. That does not bode well for us. Could be a scout for some hunters.”
“That old man? A scout?”I couldn’t contain my laughter, which earned me an irksome regard from Brice. 
“His aura showed youth and vitality” Brice whispered harshly, “very much the contrary of an aging body. He was cloaked.”
“Cloaked? He was wearing a suit not a cloak.”
“His true self was hidden.”
“Why would he do that?” 
“I denna ken,  so I best up the protection around here. Head on inside and don’t move until Rosie is awake. Okay?” Before I could answer he had crossed the road and slinked behind the high conifer hedge bordering an adjacent field. 

The following morning I woke to find the blanket Zoon had put over Rosie was now covering me, but the couch was no longer occupied. In the kitchen, another copious breakfast was ready and a fresh pot of tea brewing. The nausea hadn’t abated and I made a mental note to ask Rosie if there was a tea that would help. 
Beside the fridge was a small blackboard with a note chalked in neat cursive letters. Rosie would be at market all morning. The tea of the day was Sun-Spirit and not to be missed. I was relieved that she was well and nothing sinister happened from slurping on my energy. At the same time, I wondered if it would be possible to leave the confines of the cottage and meet her in the village, or would whoever was replacing Ota stop me? 
Only one way to find out!
Grabbing a denim jacket from a pile of coats hanging on the coat-rack, I checked the coast was clear then opened the low front gate.  
“Mornin’ Linny” Brice called cheerily while approaching. His curls were as unruly as yesterday, if not more and he had a mischievous air about him.
I definitely wouldn’t have pegged him as Ota’s replacement. 
“Hey” I nodded. “Have you been out here since last night?”
He laughed heartily “I had a wee bit of help.” Before I could ask what that meant he glanced over my shoulder before looking intently at me “you alone right now?”
It seemed an odd question, but I shrugged it off, “For now. Ota and the others aren’t back yet and Rosie’s at market. Why? You need to talk to her?”
He rubbed the stubble on his chin while trying to suppress a smile.“Nope. Just curious to know if you’re with that He-Man?”
“Who?”
“The big fella with girl’s hair” he sneered. Oh-taah something or other.”
“Am I with him?” His question annoyed me and my tone reflected that. “What does that even mean – am I with him?”
He shifted uncomfortably, “Aw c’mon..ye ken..are you ‘n he going out?”
 “The only thing Ota and I are going to is a trial.” For some reason he appeared relieved about that and relaxed. But I couldn’t tell if it was because I was not with Ota, or if I was going to trial over Nessan’s death. 
“Feel like going for a spin on my bike?” Brice motioned to a large death machine most people would call a motor-bike. “It’d give you a wee break away from here. We can grab breakfast at a great place ‘bout thirty minutes from here.”
“Really? That’s permitted?”
That mischievous grin appeared again. “Och aye!” 
Normally I wouldn’t be gung –ho on heading off somewhere with someone I barely knew, but, he did participate in the healing ritual. There couldn’t be any harm in having a little breakfast together. 
“Alright then,” I shrugged “...but I need to be back by noon – to see Rosie.”
“Aye.” He handed me a helmet and said “hop on.” 

The country-side passed in a verdant blur bringing with it a sense of liberation and release. While the initial feeling of freedom was great, the longer we spent on the bike, the more nauseous I felt. Travelling on an empty stomach was, perhaps, not such a good idea and I regretted not having some cereal or toast before leaving.
This part of the country was unfamiliar and I had no idea where we were until we stopped some forty five minutes later. The entrance to a large and easily recognizable structure sat a short distance away: Newgrange. 
Lifting the helmet’s visor, I surveyed the countryside.“What are we doing here? There are no cafés around.”
“Aye, you’d be surprised, the little treasures hidden about.”
My tone was sceptical, “We’re in the middle of nowhere.”
“Looks like that...but we’re almost there.” 
We drove less than a mile before turning into a small, mucky farmyard. An old dilapidated cottage came into view. Mildew and moss covered the once white-washed stone. Tall weeds and bushes claimed one side and were gaining ground on the other. 
When the bike stand was deployed, I descended from the seat, all the while swallowing a deep sense of queasiness. Brice came beside me, gesturing for me to follow, but my feet didn’t move an inch. “Who lives here?”  
“Just a friend...who, by the way, is a great cook.”
“You could’ve just said that instead of saying we’d go to a café.” 
“I know...but I thought you wouldn’t come then.” 
“You didn’t need to lie.” 
“Sorry, Linny. I’ll nae do it again.” 
His charming smile and kind eyes removed most of the unease and suspicion I felt. “Okay....but next time, just tell me the truth.” 
His friend’s talent may be in the kitchen, but it certainly wasn’t in general upkeep or renovations. An inner alarm, germ phobia maybe, went off when Brice ushered me inside. A dirty grey couch lined the wall to my right, a broken coffee table managed to serve as a stand for a small television and that was the extent of the furnishings. The floor was filthy as were the walls. 
Nope, not eating here!
“Brice, I -” Two men in suits appeared from a room to the left and more inner alarms, that had nothing to do with germs, started blaring.  
One was short, rotund and hirsute. Thick black hair fell at his neck, while a bushy, black beard and wide sideburns covered most of his face except for two patches on his upper cheeks and eyes. His companion was slightly taller, similarly dressed, but clean cut. 
“Didn’t think you’d get her here,” the shorter one scoffed. 
An American?
“What are they talking about?” I asked, but Brice wouldn’t look at me or answer my question. I turned around and bolted for the door, but he grabbed my hand and twisted it painfully, preventing me from escaping. 
“Nice move” the short one said to Brice. “We’re set up....let’s do this, now. No time to lose.” 
Both Brice and the taller one grabbed me, but I didn’t make it easy on them and kicked, spat, cursed and punched until they slammed me into a chair. The tall one spoke a few phrases in Latin, his British accent distinct.  As my mind tried to decipher the words, a magical force paralysed me completely. No chains, ropes or cuffs held me in place, but I could not move an inch.
“This better be done real quick.” Brice said breathlessly through gritted teeth. His accent was neutral not Scottish, at all. 
Who the hell was this person?????!!! 
“Quit your belly-aching an’ sit yerself down.” The short one chided. “Ritual’s gotta be completed first, Numb nuts.” 
“Fine! But once the transfer’s complete, we’re square, understood?” 
“Whatever your deal was still stands. Ain’t nothing happened to change that....yet.”
 The Brit and American chuckled between themselves before drawing a circle in blood around me. I doubted the blood was given willingly, but couldn’t tell if it was human or animal. Four black candles were placed around the circle, representing, what I suspected was, the four directions. A fifth was placed directly in front of me. 
Brice brought a chair inside the blood circle, slapped it angrily against the floor and sat near me. Unable to tell him what a bastard he was, I sat there stoic, but fuming at being deceived. How could Ota have made him the replacement? How could he even be part of Rosie’s coven if he was involved with these people?   
Rosie couldn’t be part of this. She was too loving and had done so much to help me heal. Then again, she did drink my energy last night. Maybe her helping me was a facade and I bought into it because I was starved for love my own family never showed me? Could Rosie, Lonan, Evaline and Ota be fulfilling an agenda other than getting me ready for trial? 
No! That wasn’t possible.
 Ota and Lonan didn’t even know who Rosie was. Oran, my loving brother the shadow had told them Evaline knew of Rosie. Were any of them really trustworthy? Maybe Brice wasn’t even Ota’s replacement. Hopefully, I’d survive to find out. 
“When’s she getting here?” Brice sighed. His voice was cool but his foot bounced in a fast nervous beat. 
A match was scratched across lint a few times before the familiar hiss of sulphur igniting filled the silence. “Don’t shit yer pants, boy. She’ll be here soon enough.”
When the fifth candle was lit, the door burst open and a black-cloaked figure of medium height walked into the room.  
“Ready?” The voice was cool, calm and female. She kept her identity well hidden. The men feared her, all three of them. 
“Yes, Exalted one.” The Brit sounded like he was speaking to a deity. 
Brice’s voice was deadly calm when he spoke, “About time too.” His knuckles made a series of cracks. “Let’s get this transfer shit done already.” 
She took a few steps closer, never stepping into the bloody perimeter then walked past me. “Yes, spirit will be transferred.” I recognized her accent as Eastern Block, but from where exactly, I didn’t know. “But you’re very foolish boy,” she scoffed, “if you think that is end.”
“Don’t go and spit on our deal, now,” Brice warned in a menacing tone. 
“Listen little boy, deal is, spirit transfers from your friend here to you just before she expires. You already Transitioned, so we see what this unknown spirit of hers does inside you. You stay until spirit manifests. That was deal.” 
“Stay here?? What the hell???” Brice was livid. “Fuck you bitch!!! I’m not sitting around in this shithole for nothing. You want to watch me hatch an egg or something? It’s going to cost you.” 
“You greedy, greedy little witch.” The tone was playful, but there was nothing funny about her. 
Her slow steps walked the full circle stopping in front of me, but not close enough to touch the blood. All I could make out was a pair of glossy red lips stretching over perfect white teeth.  Her chin and what I could see of her flawless cheeks and neck, were stark white. Soft platinum waves peeked through the black shroud adding to her mysterious allure. 
“He’s so greedy, he thinks only about increasing his power. Nothing else matters.”The woman approached his side of the circle, still careful not to step on the blood.“Not the sorceress Rosie, or the coven, even bringing an end to the life of this un-Transitioned little girl does not matter.”
“Oh I’m greedy alright,” Brice admitted with a smile, “but I’m not sewer rats like you lot here. The deal was, I gether spirit, and that’s what I’m getting! So fuck you all, if you think I’m hanging around here after that.”
A strange gurgling sound came from his throat before a crashing noise rang out.  I knew he was on the floor writhing in pain, but was completely baffled as to how because she had not raised a hand or uttered any incantations. Neither of the other two men had moved. It was as if her thoughts created whatever action she intended. 
“When I want you to talk, tongue will be returned.” Her smile was wide and evil.
Brice stomped his foot angrily “Bithhh!!”
“You shouldn’t do business with the Kormushki, if not prepared to pay.”  Without a word the two men appeared beside her.  “Salt it. Then form the triangle.”
Who were the Kormushki? Or what were they? A gang? Was it just these two men and the woman or were there more on the way, about to make it a party?
Brice was picked up off the floor and seated in the chair. The sound of slow footsteps and tiny grains hitting the wooden boards followed. Was that salt? Were they putting salt around the blood? Was that what they meant by salt it? 
I felt the men step further back then the woman raised her hands outstretched in front of her. Black streaks of power shot from her palms and drove through my chest. It grabbed my heart so tight, breathing became impossible. I keeled backwards landing heavily on the ground.  Stars appeared before my eyes. The black rays torpedoed through my body and mind seeking my spirit, trying to awaken it, but it lay still and silent.  
The American spoke impatiently. “You sure she got a spirit in there?”  
Suddenly, they had me upright on the chair, but I lolled forward. The change of position allowed me a minute’s break from the rays and I sucked in a long, glorious breath. 
The red lips pursed tightly. “It should have transferred by now.” She was sounding somewhat out of breath, her arms shook. Whatever that black energy was, there was not an infinite source of it. “You better not be lying, little boy.”
Brice must have gotten his tongue back and garbled ‘I’ll futhing kill you, bithss!!”
“Nyet!!!”  Her patience was waning. 
“Goddammit!” Brice ground out, his tongue working fine now. “I saw the state that He-Man of hers was in after the cleansing. There’s no fucking way she could have done that to him!!! It had to have been her spirit and believe me, for a spirit to hurt a colossus like him it had to pack a serious punch.”
“Then. Where. Is. Spirit?”
“How the fuck should I know!! You’re supposed to be the Exalted one here! Exalt-the-fuck something!!”
“You waste enough my time! No spirit, no transfer. No transfer -I take payment anyway.”
“What???!!!! No!!!!! No way in hell. You’re not touching my spirit you crazy bitch!” 
The black rays were redirected to him. Brice’s scream filled the room. It was one of sheer agony and seemed to last for hours, but was surely only a minute before he crumpled to the ground exhaling a soft moan. 
The red glossy lips smiled evilly, “an Enhancer! My, my, my, this is treat.”
Brice’s spirit emerged from his body in a wavering ghostly form and was immediately swathed in the black beams. The spirit fought to free itself but, the so-called Exalted One pulled it playfully to her. Then opening her mouth abnormally wide, a thick black tongue extended out way beyond the capacity of any human being and in lizard-like form, swallowed the spirit whole. Her entire body ballooned momentarily before returning to normal size. 
“Tas-ty!! She said with a satisfied smile. “Hmm..but not very powerful. Such rare combination werry hard to find.”  She exhaled a long burp before patting her lips in a sulky pout. “It may take while to digest, though.”
Stepping closer, but still outside the blood line, she pouted, “one spirit is never enough, is it?” Her tongue was suddenly on my lips trying to pry open my mouth. I gagged as a disgusting smell of decaying animals invaded my senses, her cold wet slimy tongue lapped at my face.
 “Oh my, my, my, my, my! You like…mmmhhmmm..nothing I’ve ever tasted…before.” She licked me even more fervently and I thought a hundred baths would not remove this stench off of my face.  Her tongue roamed my face, neck, arms and hands before she began to move oddly, but rhythmically. A very bad feeling formed in the pit of my stomach. “More!!! I want mooooorrre!!!” She moaned. 
Holy fuck! She’s grinding on me!!!!!
“Oooohhhh.......mooooohhhhre.” 
“Exalted One!!” One of the men cried weakly. “Our energy is fading. We need to feed, please.”
Unhappy with being interrupted, she pouted again then waved flippantly. “Okay, eat only him. Not her. And hurry! She’s being tracked. I taste it on her.”  
With a wicked smile, she dismounted then turned my chair to face the two men. “I will come and find you again, strange one and when I do, I will eat every inch of your delicious head.” With a final and utterly disgusting lick, she said “enjoy show’ then left in one swift move.


Chapter 5

The short man edged closer to the circle, a tiny dagger in his hand. Squatting low, he pricked his index finger allowing a few drops of blood to drip onto the blood shaping the circle. A wave of energy rose out of nowhere elevating millions of red particles in the air before allowing them to float back down. As both men crossed inside the circle, my head jerked in their direction. Apparently, their ritual had given me some relief from the paralysis. 
Glancing down, Brice’s prone body lay behind me to my right. The grey pallor of his skin confirmed his death and I sucked in a horrified gasp. A moment ago they had all been talking and just like that, they killed him. 
None of this is real, none of this is real, none of this is real..... 
The men sat cross-legged at Brice’s feet then began removing his shoes and socks. Heat coloured my cheeks, as alarm filled my heart. I screamed, but no sound came out. They saw the horrified look on my face and laughed. 
My initial thought was, they were going to perform some sort of necrophilia obscenity on him, but their interest was not sexual. They each put an entire foot in their over-sized mouths and chewed down on it like it was a crunchy snack. My stomach heaved, but in my petrified state, I was unable to vomit. 
Shutting my eyes didn’t help block out the sound of bones breaking, flesh being sucked and blood being slurped. They say some experiences can change a person irrevocably and I wondered how I could possibly come back from this?
Light from the sun filtered through the grimy window. Had Rosie noticed I was missing? How could Brice go from being a healer to...this? Nobody deserved to die like that, even if he was trying to steal my spirit. As bad as he was, I’m sure he had a family who loved him and would miss him for the son, or brother, or friend that he was. 
When the happy murmuring and munching stopped, my mind tuned back into the unusual silence. Afraid to open my eyes fully, I peeked through a slit and saw two things, both men were a mess of flesh, blood and bone and now looked up at me, hungrily.
They seemed in a trance, a feeding frenzy, where all sense of control was gone. “We could have just a small taste,” one said to the other.
“But Exalted said not to touch her.”
“Yeah..she did.”
“A little taste won’t do no harm.”
“Yeah.. won’t do no harm.”
“And Exalted won’t ever know ‘cause she’s not here.”
“Well, where should we taste?” Their eyes roved hungrily over all my body and stopped at my feet. ”Toes. Our favourite!”
The other laughed greedily, “toes!”
Unable to move, or put up any kind of fight, I watched helplessly as my shoes were carefully removed and placed beside the chair. They examined my bare feet closely before a very sharp and very dirty, blood-encrusted finger nail peeled off a thin slice of skin from my big toe. I felt no pain, only sheer terror. Blood pooled on the floor, the Brit examined the slice, took a bite then passed half to his friend. The room began to spin wildly. 
“I want more” the American complained and without a word a second slice was peeled off. 
Can’t do this....can’t do this.......can’t do this. Going to my happy place, going to my happy place.
My mind retreated to somewhere safe. Banba. Just thinking the name brought on feelings of comfort. I saw myself on the couch, reading a book, drinking coffee and listening to the steady patter of rain against the window. My only preoccupation was what I would make for supper. Gwen was safe and well with Noah and my heart was happy for her. I couldn’t deny, I hoped to find the same joy. 
My dream of happiness was a traditional one, perhaps one feminists would balk at, but having someone to share my life with, have children and grow old with was what called to me. I imagined everyday would be filled with the simple pleasures of taking the kids to school, preparing meals, and working part-time. I didn’t see myself living a harried existence where career demands would have to be constantly juggled with my role as a mother. I hoped to find a comfortable balance for both home life and work.
A sound caught my attention. Someone seemed to have food caught in their throat. And just like that, my happy place disappeared. My mind was catapulted back to the horror show happening around me. Both men were gasping for breath and wheezing for help, I forced myself to look. 
Oh my God!! Oh my God!! They had turned a similar color to Brice and weren’t moving. They’re dead???!!!!
As much as I, admittedly wondered why my skin hadn’t gone down their gullet without a fight, when they’d devoured Brice’s feet, including bone without a problem. Were they allergic to something in me? One thing was sure, I’d never get to ask them now.
Their death did not release the power binding me and I remained confined to the chair in the company of three bodies. If someone didn’t find me soon, there’d surely be a fourth. 

Distant shouts of people arguing roused me from whatever kind of sleep had crept up on me. 
“Linny?” 
Outside in the yard, a deep soothing voice called my name. 
OTA!!! 
I would have screamed at the top of my lungs had that been possible. All I could hope was that he’d find me. 
The cottage door flew open. Ota, Rosie and Lonan rushed in and all stopped dead in their tracks at the carnage.  
Ota rushed over. “Linny! You’re safe now.”
He was trying to reassure me and, thankfully, didn’t seem to think, I was responsible for any of this bloodshed. Or, if he did, it wasn’t obvious. 
Stepping around the bodies, he went to lift me out of the chair just as Rosie called out.  “No!” But he had already been zapped by some electric shock. 
“What is this?” He squatted in front of me outside the circle and held my gaze. “Can you tell me what happened?” 
I can’t move!!!
Rosie’s spoke softly. “They’ve immobilized her.” She stepped next to Ota and into my line of sight, her eyes full of concern. “I need to break through whatever power they’ve used. She can’t speak and may not be able to hear us either, but her foot needs tending to right now. It’s bleeding heavily.” Her eyes glanced down at the floor. “All their blood has comingled so I can’t tell what amount she has lost.”
When Lonan joined them, Ota asked him to go outside and check around.” 
“What can I do?” Ota asked Rosie.  
“Speak with her, as gently as possible. We don’t want her feeling frightened or she may remain in this state.”
“How come?” he whispered.
“The trauma was too much for her already stressed mind to cope with. The loss of Nessan, her own near-death at the Transition, not to mention the guilt she was made to feel and now this? You can ease her back. But remember, when this shield falls, it’s not going to be easy physically or emotionally, so be ready.”
“Ease her back? From where? And how am I to do this easing?”
“Ota” Rosie sighed. “I felt your trace inside Linny. Your smoke spirit has probed her mind before.”
“That was private between me and my bonded.” His tone was quite frosty.
“But it involved Linny too.” After a short pause, she continued “why was that even necessary? From what I’ve seen, she is a very transparent young woman, innocent even.” She tsked worriedly “like an open book, too easily read by anyone willing to take an interest. Probing the child was -”
“I will not discuss this any further with you, Sorceress. It is not your place to pry into -” 
“Do not take that tone with me, Ota Two Moons.” Her voice took on an other-wordly tone that sounded tinny and echoing, as if surges of massive power pulsed through her causing waves of heat to roll across the room. “I see that, which you choose to hide. It affects Linny greatly and her well-being is my only concern here. Comfort her until I break through this spell.”
“Yes. Of course.” he sounded contrite. “But I ask you not to speak of this probing, as you call it.”
“Very well. But do not hurt this child in any way. She is extraordinarily special, and I believe, one our kind has never known. Be careful how you tread, for me and mine will be watching you, closely.”
“Can she hear all of this?”
“Maybe. It depends how far she has retreated.”After a tense pause of silence, she said “okay – I’m starting to get a feel for the elements contained in the spell. Connect with her as you did before.
Smoke enveloped us in a cocoon of grey haze, and just like that, he was not only in front of me, but also in my mind.
“Linny, don’t be afraid,” the same soothing voice reassured me. “We will get you out of here in a flash.” 
 “Ota?” I took in the handsome face and worried expression. “Is this like the verificare thing again?”
“Yes” he said with relief. “I’m with you. We need to release the power they’ve placed over you.”
 “How did you get here? I thought you were supposed to be with The Council?”
“The meeting ended and when we came back, we saw Rosie was....”
“Was what?” 
After a brief moment of hesitation he continued, “worried. She was looking for you....but no matter, you’re safe now.”
“No,” I replied shaking my head. Not physically but, figuratively. “I’m not safe.” I was trying to keep the panic out of my voice, but was failing miserably. “Brice is dead... I couldn’t stop them. More could be coming for all I know.” 
“It’s okay to feel scared.” His voice was tender, comforting and filled with sincerity. “None of this has been easy for you, but it will soon be over.” 
“No! Things seem to be going from bad to worse. People are getting hurt and doing crazy things.” I wanted to reiterate the point by saying even Rosie drank my energy, but couldn’t. Her intentions had been to help me and really she came out the worst of it, whereas I got a whole morning of spa treatment.  
 “You are not alone in this. And you may not see it at this particular moment, but I promise you...the fear you’re feeling now will change.” 
I looked at him wistfully, wanting to believe what he was saying, but he was charged with guarding me, so this could be all bull. “I’m not a stupid person. I can see everyone thinks I’m dangerous or something to experiment on. You included. Maybe I’d be better off asking Oran to simply take me to this so-called Council, see what my options are.” As the words were spoken, I knew they were not true, but it gave me a sense of control, or some say in my future. His eyebrows rose high, though I had no idea why. 
“Get ready!” Rosie’s voice cut in. “The power is about to pop. You’ll need to lift her off the chair before the backlash.”
“Bia, we’ll talk about this later.”Ota retracted from my mind then nodded to Rosie. “Say when.” He looked like an American football player ready to receive a tackle.  
“Now!” She cried a second later. 
He reached out, went to encircle his colossal arms around me just as a sudden snap like a huge elastic band dissolved the cocoon. The air cracked loudly propelling us in opposite directions. My back slammed against the limestone wall knocking the wind from my lungs. 
As I fell to the ground winded, the pain from my foot seared through my body and I understood the meaning of the word agony. The scene unfolding before me was something Tarantino would marvel at.
Everything seemed to move in slow motion. My eyes traced the blood pooling at my feet, the gore of the three bodies on the floor and how the strange pallor of the two men had changed from deathly white to deep purple. Ota and Rosie seemed somewhat stunned from the spell’s impact. Lonan returned from outside, casually grabbed Rosie under the arm and hoisted her upright, just as Ota found his footing.
Lonan then dragged Brice’s partially eaten body away, leaving behind a trail of blood.
 Bile rose in my throat.“Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!!!”
“Lonan lift him already, dammit!” Ota sighed. 
Calloused tan hands covered mine. Ota was looking directly at me, his expression a mix of sadness and worry. Sweat beaded on my forehead from trying to control the pain in my foot and keep from going insane. Is hot a quick glance down at my foot and saw exposed muscle and bone. 
“Jesus Christ, I was a Granola bar to them!!”I tried to stand but a tortured cry burst from me, “Agggggggghhhh!” 
Rosie knelt near me, her skirt absorbing some of the blood. She spread her hands above the gaping wound uttering guttural words I could not understand. Cool soothing energy wrapped around my foot numbing the pulsing pain.   
“I’ve sealed the foot and stopped the bleeding.” She said hurriedly to Ota. “Let’s get her up and out of here. Those connections we spoke of will have to be made on the way back. We cannot wait until we’re home.”
My eyes met Rosie’s and in her regard I saw fear and strain.“Rosie, I’ll be okay,” I gasped. It was a big fat lie, but pretending to be fine would surely help me surmount this.“Nothing a good cup of your tea can’t cure.” A loud giggle erupted from me. It was not a normal, hearty laugh but a shrill, hysterical one. “D’you have a tea called Tropical Tippy Toes?”
Judging from the look Ota and Rosie exchanged, they assumed I was having a meltdown, but I continued to laugh until tears rolled down my cheeks.  
Ota very gently raised me off the floor and into his arms and for the first time since leaving Rosie’s, I felt whole again. It defied reason, but his holding me, somehow calmed the hysterics.
We followed Rosie to the narrow front door and Ota shifted my position so my legs were around his waist and my arms around his neck. I could not help holding him tighter than was necessary.
We crossed the threshold and movement caught my attention. Raising my eyes, I saw Lonan quickly squat down and scoop his fingers into the puddle of blood from my foot before licking his hand clean. His eye color changed in a surge of silvery light before returning to normal. Shocked, disgusted and afraid, I hid my face against Ota’s neck. He responded in kind, leaning his head against my hair for a long moment.
Without changing positions, Ota somehow managed to sit us in the back with me straddling his lap. “Ahmmm... this,” I whispered in his ear, “looks intimate.” I shifted to move off him, but he placed a hand on my hip, gently holding me in place.
A minute later, when Lonan got behind the wheel, he looked over his shoulder at us, his eyes darting all over the place. But Rosie, who sat in the passenger seat, didn’t seem to notice his crazed look. 
I’ve seen those limousines in movies, where a tinted divider-window powers up to offer privacy to those in the back. Well, we weren’t in a limousine and there wasn’t a divider, but Ota’s smoke spirit conjured one that was so jet black, nobody could see us from the front seats or through any of the windows. We were completely hidden.
“Nobody can see or hear us,” he said looking at my lips.
“You don’t want Rosie or Lonan talking to us?” I whispered.  
“I have to heal you.” 
Have to? It seemed there was an obligation in there, for him to perform whatever this healing would be and that did not sit well with me at all. Shaking my head, I said “Rosie’s spell is helping to make things, manageable. I’ll be fine.” 
“Her spell is for the pain of physical injury, but I’m talking about healing an emotional injury.”  He sat up straighter placing his loose hair behind each ear then looked me in the eye determinedly and nodded once in a ‘let’s do this’ manner. 
The level of self-motivation he seemingly needed in these preparatory gestures served only in depleting my already low energy and low-confidence. “Thanks for the offer, Ota,” I said while removing myself from his lap and leaning heavily back in the seat beside him, “I’ll know who to ask, if I need that.” My eyes closed and I whispered, “....I’ll be....okay.”
“You will be okay, Bia.” His hand took mine and I felt his soft lips across the back of my hand. For some reason I made a silent sigh of contentment. That was just before I felt him become rigid.  
My eyes shot open. “What’s wrong?”  His expression was one of unease. 
“Who tasted you?” he shot “which one of them was it?” 
The tone of alarm made me jolt in fear like one responding to a fire alarm. Gone was the peace and security I was being lulled into only a second earlier. “Ahmm..the woman did,” I answered calmly “but I don’t know her real name. They called her, Exalted One.”  
The smoky divider disappeared as quickly as it had been summoned. “Anyone want to guess what a Kormushki cell was doing in this neck of the woods?”
Lonan’s head whipped around, “What??? A Kormushki cell? Why in the hell would you think that?”
“Because Linny was marked.” Those words came out almost like a growl. 
“A Kuru sampled Linny?”Lonan balked. “No way!”
“What’s a Kuru?” 
Ota kept his hand on mine. “She’s part of the cell and would be the Exalted One you mentioned.” 
So the Kuru was the glossy-lipped woman. 
“I thought those two guy shad been Carnemattis” Lonan added “obviously I was wrong.”
“That changes everything,” Rosie tsked. “When we get home, I’ll need to change the wards before we do anything else.”
“Who are they?” I asked. 
“They’re vile creatures.” Rosie said reaching into her bag.
“Who are vile? The Carnemattis, the Kuru or the Kormushki?” Geez, this was confusing.
“All are.” Ota interjected. “But the Carnemattis don’t kill, they simply eat the dead, animal or human. Harmless really. But the others are -”
 “I don’t have it with me.” Rosie gave a terse sigh, double-checked her bag and sighed again. “When we get back, I have a rinse you’ll need to use, Linny. It will sterilize the area where the Kuru tasted you and delay her tracking your scent. Wash yourself thoroughly with it the instant we get back. Once you’re cleaned up, join us in the kitchen and tell us everything that happened.” 
I didn’t argue because I was relieved to know that when I would shower, I’d be washing myself.

After applying Rosie’s special potion, my mind wandered back to what transpired in the cottage. Brice’s life was taken in a second without any consideration whatsoever. And not just taken, butchered! They ate his flesh!!!!! The sight of his mutilated corpse had me dash from the vanity to the toilet, where I vomited relentlessly until my throat stung. 
I returned to the shower, washed all over once more then quickly then towelled off. With my mind set on auto-replay, the violent images played non-stop, though I tried to push them away. 
After brushing my teeth, I dressed in an elegant kaftan robe. Rosie said a garment had been left out that was practical for the occasion. Apparently, I wasn’t to pull anything over my legs. That seemed to have included panties because no underwear was available, not even a bra. When did a bra go over ones legs?
When I exited the caravan, Ota was waiting near the door. He rushed over as I began to hobble down the steps and offered his hand. “I’m okay, thanks” I said steadying myself by splaying my hands on thin air and limping heavily. My pace was painfully slow and I preferred not to have an audience.  “You go on ahead. I’ll meet you at the cottage.”
I was in the air and cradled against his chest before I knew it. His intense gaze held me captive and I felt there and then that he was never going to let me out of his sight.
Yeah, because you’re in his custody!!! Hello? 
Sometimes I wish my inner critic would shut the hell up. 
“When you’re healed, Bia” he said softly “you can say you’re okay. Until then, I’m your legs, your cane, or any support system you need.” 
 A part of me really wanted to let myself fall into that fluffy cloud of protection and care, but my logical self knew his ‘support’ was to ensure I was fit to Transition before showing up for trial and my execution. 
His protective, caring ways could easily fool a girl into feeling more for him, but I would not entertain that notion for a second. Besides the fact that he was mandated to spend time with me, falling for a man like him could only get you a crippled heart. 
“I think it’s best if you put me down. I’ll manage if I just hold your arm.” 
“You don’t like that I help you?” He set me down gently. A glimpse of hurt crossed his features but was gone before I could really say I saw it at all. 
“No! You’re....well you’ve been......” how could I cover the spectrum of what I experienced. He had custody over me, and while he was protective, he was also distant and a complete mystery and that confused me. I needed to be on guard from this guard. “..........very helpful,” I sighed. “But I’ll manage by myself. Thanks”
He smiled briefly. “Took you a long moment to describe me as helpful.” A short but deep throaty laugh escaped him. “I’m guessing there were many adjectives considered before that.” He proffered a muscled arm and I took it gladly. If I leaned heavily on it, he did not seem to notice. “You know, I think I’d like to hear those adjectives some time.”
“Sure, I’ll tell you all about them after my trial.” I watched his smile vanish and a scowl replace it. Maybe I shouldn’t have said that, but seriously! What in any of this did he expect me to be happy about?  

“And then next thing I knew you had entered the cottage and managed to get me out of the blood circle.” Rosie, Ota, Lonan and Evaline were seated around the kitchen table and I had just recounted everything that happened from the moment Brice invited me for breakfast to when Ota and Rosie had found me. Nobody had interrupted while I went through the events in detail but I was regretting not accepting Ota’s offer of healing. Inside, I was completely falling to pieces. On the outside, apart from shaky hands and a shaky voice, I seemed fine. 
Silence hung in the air and I finished by saying what was in my heart, “I honestly thought Brice was replacing Ota and we were simply going for breakfast.” 
On their faces, I saw a range of emotions. Rosie was disappointed, but I wasn’t sure with whom. Evaline was sad and Lonan appeared stoned.  Ota rubbed a hand through his hair and sat up straighter. He was unhappy about something I had said, but I had no idea what. 
My thoughts turned to Brice. “Were those two men.......could there be others who would come looking for me?”
Lonan leaned his arms on the table. “If those men, as you call ‘em are connected to another cell, our boy, Ota here, done gone left a clear message for anyone who shows up. He just snapped their necks like dried twigs.” 
“Enough!” Ota snapped. 
“Only problem I see with the situation,” Lonan said ignoring him, “is we’ll never know who sent them damn Kormushki our way in the first place.” 
“If they were already dead, why did you snap their necks?”
Ota who showed no emotion when he spoke. “I eliminated any future threats. My prime objective was to track and extract, which was achieved. Your safety is paramount here.”
“Track and extract” I muttered. Sounded like some sort of army-assigned protection detail. If that was true, who was issuing the orders to him, and why? A mound of theories passed through my mind, all were depressing and served only in making me want to retreat to the caravan. Instead, I pushed those thoughts aside and asked “Can someone explain what are they -the Kormushki?”
“Monsters,” Evaline shuddered. 
Rosie explained, “their name means Feeders. They travel in cells of three or more. The cells are always composed of a few males and a female leader. The female is known as a Kuru, she eats the head of her prey as well as their spirit. She leaves the body for the males. The males eat human flesh, but only from the neck down. They do not have the ability to eat a person’s spirit. If, for some reason, the Kuru can’t eat the spirit within the host, she claims the person by marking them with her tongue. It may take years, but she always tracks down those she has claimed.” 
Great! If The Council didn’t imprison me, I’d have Kormushki to face. “What happened to Brice’s body?” Everyone exchanged knowing looks.
“Brice’s spirit is not an Enhancer” Rosie said softly. “I know that for certain.”
“What?” Brice got his body and spirit eaten and nobody could convince me otherwise. “Well it definitely was him. The woman, Kuru person, said he was an Enhancer and she seemed very happy about that. Could it be, she got the description of his spirit wrong?”
“She wasn’t wrong,” Lonan interjected. “Kurus are experts when it comes to spirit recognition, ‘n they’ll I.D. it in a heartbeat.”
 “So what does that mean?”
“Brice was not with you,” Evaline pronounced and everyone nodded in agreement. “As for whom that person was, I have no idea. The Quod is processing the scene and will contact us, if they find anything.”
“The Quod? They’re the ones who were at...Banba.” 
“Sure were.” Lonan chuckled weirdly. “Kind of like your CSI.”
“But isn’t that scene disturbed now because of the neck-snapping thing? If they remove the bodies any other Feeders who come along won’t receive the message.”
Evaline shrugged nonchalantly. “They’ll get the message from the energy imprint left behind.”
Oblivious to what that meant, I replayed Brice’s death in mind. “The person I saw die was the same man who had attended the ritual.”  
Rosie patted my hand maternally, “I believe that you saw Brice there, but it wasn’t him because to be part of our coven, a sacred vow is taken. I won’t go into the details, but it creates a very deep connection which all thirteen members share. If Brice had betrayed us, or was dead, we would have felt it, profoundly and collectively. Trust me when I say, Brice was not the man who took you to the Kormushki.”
“Well couldn’t this Kuru woman’s magic mask his betrayal or death from you all?” 
“Her magic is very different from ours. It feels, looks and even smells different. And had the Kuru placed some sort of mask over Brice, we would have known it immediately.”
“So if he didn’t die, where is he? And who died back in that house?”
“We don’t know where Brice is,” Rosie said and I heard the tightness in her voice. “My brothers and sisters of the coven will gather here to create a location spell. We will find him soon, I’m sure of it.
“A location spell?” I parroted, suddenly curious as to how they had managed to pinpoint my whereabouts in such a remote location. “Is that what you used to find me?”
“Yes -” Ota answered immediately.
“No” Rosie replied at exactly the same time. 
My head pivoted between them both, a frown of confusion sat above my eyes. Clearly Rosie was unhappy with Ota and let him know. 
“You have no reason to speak untruths in this house Ota Two Moons. If you do not want to share information with Linny then say so.” 
I was fairly certain nobody ever put him in his place like that, or at least not often and it showed. He sat as still as a statue and just as stoic. Turning to me Rosie said, “I did not use magic to find you, child. But I would have, had it been necessary. It was Ota who found you.”
“Why did you lie?” I asked quietly. 
“I don’t want to talk about it,” he snapped.
Lonan threw his hands up, “this shit’s gettin’ old, man.” He took Evaline’s hand and said “C’mon babe, let’s get some supper.”  It was almost eight at night and I realized nobody had eaten.
Evaline stood and asked apologetically, “can we bring you back something to eat?”  Everyone said no, so they left. 
“I need to start the spell to find Brice,” Rosie stood to leave.
“Thanks for all your help, Rosie.” I hobbled a couple of steps to hug her tightly. My foot was still under her spell, but I could feel it was missing a few chunks. Putting weight on it was taxing. 
Rosie held me tight “for nothing, child. For nothing.”  
When she left the room, I turned to Ota. “What was all that about?”  He feigned ignorance with a terse shrug, but there was tense energy flying about. 
Getting information out of him was the last thing I felt like taking on. Deciding it was best to leave things be, I shuffled out the back door. 
A few steps later, he offered me his arm to lean on. “I’m fine,” I retorted sharply, while inching my way along. When my feet left the ground in a single swoop, I looked up to see him smirking slightly. “This isn’t necessary,” I grumbled. 
“You’ve been through enough today. A little help isn’t going to weaken that independent streak of yours.” 
He set me down just inside the caravan and I plonked onto the large comfy couch. Ota went to the well stocked fridge and put together several different sandwiches. He made coffee and filled two mugs, put everything on a tray then placed it between us. “Thanks, but I’m not hungry.” 
“You need to eat, Bia.” 
“This is fine.” I said taking a long sip of the sweet brew. It was only then that I realized, I hadn’t felt nauseous since leaving the cottage. That was strange. Must have been a bug of some sort. 
“It’s not enough.” 
Cupping the warm mug, I leaned my head back, “it is for now.”
I felt so blessed to be in a safe environment and to know that Brice was, most likely, still alive. I couldn’t help but wonder who the imposter was and how he knew about the strength of my spirit. Just then, I remembered how he had mentioned to the Kormushki that I had fought Ota in the preparations for the cleansing. Only someone present that night at the healing could have told him. But who?  
Rosie said if any member of their coven betrayed another, they’d know through the vow they had taken. So that left only Ota, Evaline and Lonan. Of the three, I felt most unsure about Lonan. I’d seen on several occasions he had another side. The kiss at Banba and him flirting with the waitress at the hotel were minor offenses in terms of creating trust, but seeing him lick my blood off the floor was just downright creepy.
What was that about? The taste? 
I read somewhere once of a sub-culture who were into vampirism and actually drank blood.  But in that article drinking blood was almost ritualistic, spiritual even, whereas licking it off the floor seemed akin to finding chewed gum on the street and eating it. He was certainly strange. Yet, Evaline loved him and Rosie trusted Evaline. Did that mean Rosie trusted Lonan too? 
And what of Ota? He’d just blatantly lied to me this evening. Did that also make him untrustworthy? He was infuriating at times, well all the time with his bossy, obtuse manner. Then again, he could be very kind.
What was so secretive about how he found me anyway? 
When the moment was right, I’d ask him and If he gave me the ‘I can’t tell you because you’re un-Transitioned’ spiel, I’d scream. 
Ota ate heartily, I snacked a little and we both finished our coffee at the same time. He placed the tray on the kitchen counter before returning to the couch. I leaned my head back against the head rest and closed my eyes. Exhausted, I quickly began to drift off when images of Brice’s body being butchered flashed across my mind. I was back in the chair watching him being eaten, seeing my own flesh peeled off my foot, hearing the crunching and sloshing noises. I screamed and thrashed against the restraints.
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s okay. It’s only a dream, Linny. It’s only a dream.” 
Opening my eyes, I was relieved to see I was still in the caravan. My body was trembling all over, my breathing heavy and sweat covered my face. Ota brushed back my damp hair with his hand and only then did I realize, he was holding me against him.
 “You had a bad dream.” 
 I created a little distance between us by pushing off a blanket he must’ve put over me.  “Mmmhmm.” 
“It doesn’t have to be so distressing. I can make this easier on you.” 
“Is this the healing you were talking about earlier?”
“You won’t forget what happened. You just won’t experience the post traumatic stress.” 
“And you can do this for any kind of shock?” My thoughts ran to Nessan’s Transition and wondered if he could, or would, heal himself. 
“Linny, I cannot interfere in an event that The Council will review in a pending trial.” His tone had become almost official, as if he was reciting a penal code. “It would be considered a form of evidence tampering. Your biological reactions will be analysed to determine if what you say is true -” 
I had held up my hand to halt the judicial path the conversation had taken, having no desire or energy to deal with that kind of information right now. In truth, it was his attitude that stung.  “I only meant, could you heal your own pain, not mine.”
Dragging myself from the couch, I hobbled to the bathroom, brushed my teeth then went to my bedroom and closed the door. It took a while but eventually, I felt my lids heavy with sleep. 

“Wake up!!! Wake up!! COME ON!!!” 
Bolting upright my forehead collided with a solid wall sending me right back onto the pillow again. It felt hard and wet. “Uugggghh” I groaned shutting my eyes tight against the pain. “Whass goin on?” 
“Look!!” Ota urged impatiently. “Open your eyes!” 
 Sitting up slowly, I looked around and saw the pitch black sky was above me. I was on the ground in the pouring rain as wind howled wildly about us. “Wha -why am I out here?!!” I wasn’t far from the cairn, but had absolutely no recollection of leaving the bed. Just then I noticed Ota was dressed in pyjama pants, his chest glistening in the rain.
“You were Dream walking!”  The words were spoken harshly, like I had just committed a crime, but his eyes showed concern. He had to be regretting this custody gig, big time. And who could blame him?
“I didn’t do it on purpose!!” I grumbled while pushing myself off the ground and hobbling heavily away. His arm caught mine and I glared into his eyes. They were as black as the night sky. His lips pressed tight, hair clung to his face and his nostrils flared. “This ends now, Bia.” 
Rosie appeared at the cottage door. “Everything okay?” Her voice carried above the storm.
“We’re good!” Ota called back, his tone laced with frustration. He went to pick me up, but I stepped out of his reach. We stood facing each other.
“Stop trying to carry me. I can walk! I’m not a child you know!!!!”
His eyes fell to my lips glancing further down to the wet shirt clinging to my skin. “I know” he said with a faint growl then carried me back inside the caravan. 
My arms crossed defiantly. Channelling my five-year old self was not very mature. “Look, I’m sorry I woke you up, but it was just a bad dream. I’m fine now.” 
 “You were wandering outside in the middle of the night, in the pouring rain, screaming like you were being torn open and calling Brice’s name. That was a hell of a lot more than just a bad dream!!!!!” 
“Look, it will pass. I’m sure of it.” Even I didn’t sound convinced of that. “I’m managing this, okay?”
“Either we do the healing now, or I’ll have to restrain you while you sleep.”
“Restrain me? You mean like, with handcuffs?????”
“Whatever keeps you safe.”  He pushed his hair behind his ears. “Decide. Now.”
“Al-bloody-right then! Healing it is!!!!”
“Dry off” he said marching me to the bathroom. “I’ll be waiting out here.”

Another kaftan!
A red one this time, had materialized after discarding the wet and muddy one. Rosie had obviously never heard of flannel or fleece. I caught a look in the mirror and cringed at the dark circles and almost mad look in my eyes. I had lost weight too.  Maybe he was right. Maybe I did need this healing. It may even bring peace to my frazzled brain. What harm could it do? 
After taking a quick shower, I exited in a cloud of hot air. Apprehensive of facing another bout of his ire, I glanced at him and saw he too had changed and thankfully, appeared calm. He still only wore a pyjama bottom, which was somewhat of a distraction. Placing a hand on my lower back, he led me to my bedroom.
“What happens in a healing?” I asked nervously. We stood facing each other beside the bed and I couldn’t help but look away timidly. My line of vision was directly lined up with his nipples. 
He cupped my chin and lifted my eyes up to meet his. “This is simply about contact and transferring energy.” 
Hadn’t Nessan said something similar before the Transition? “Is there any danger I could hurt you?”
“None whatsoever” he assured me. “I’ll simply cease passing the energy to you when I feel it’s enough.”
“How do you pass it to me?” 
Well, because of your injury, it’s best we do this lying beside one another. I want you to be as comfortable as possible.” He pulled down the duvet cover.
“I’m not having sex with you, Ota Two Moons.” My indignant manner came off as having more courage than I felt. 
His lips pinched together as if containing a laugh, “I’m not having sex with you either, Linny Harkin. This is only about me healing you, nothing else. Okay?” 
Red coloured my cheeks. “Okay, glad we’ve cleared that up.” I swallowed nervously. His fingers smoothly and expertly opened the kaftans’ two little metallic clasps keeping the neck area closed over. Without them, the neckline formed a wide open v-shape that barely covered my breasts. I thought his eyes widened for a second but then his expression was neutral, as if he was looking at a dozen eggs in the fridge.
I went to pull it closed, but his hands covered mine. “We need to have the heart area skin to skin.” His palm lay against that area of my chest. “Just the heart. Nothing more.”  
“Just the heart, nothing more.” I repeated, but could hear apprehension in those words. The truth was, I had no experience with this kind of thing and especially not with a man like Ota. That one time with Stuart, the lights were out and I didn’t see anything. Probably just as well.
God what a crappy experience that was!
Yet, something in Ota’s touch kept me from stepping away, from refusing his help. I lay down in the center of the bed. He settled in very close beside me. Our bodies were almost touching and I thought my breathing sounded heavier than I would have liked. 
“Ready?” he whispered softly sending waves of pleasure throughout my body.
“Mmhhmm” was all I managed to respond while holding in my breath. He didn’t need me panting on him. 
Taking my palm, he placed it against his bare, taut chest as he placed his palm above my breast. The sensation of our skin touching sent a swarm of butterflies to my stomach and put my dormant lady parts into overdrive. It made me want a very different kind of healing, the kind Marvin Gaye sang about. 
Trying to exhale discreetly is not easy when you’re this up-close and personal. Beads of nervous sweat began to form on my back. Maybe it was the lack of oxygen. Had I had any self-confidence, I would have made a witty quip, making us both laugh and relax at the same time, but I didn’t have the nerve. Then again, Ota didn’t laugh much. Granted, when he did actually stretch the corners of his mouth and show his beautiful white teeth, it was a sight to behold. But so was a solar eclipse – they both happened at about the same frequency. Perhaps it was ambitious to think we’d both have a belly laugh.
“Ah..Linny? You’ll need to actually breathe at some point. Okay?” 
“Suuuurrre” I replied, deliberately extending the word while trying to disguise the long exhale.  
“And you’ll need to place your other palm flat on my back -” 
 “If you say ‘side’ I’m out of here.”
His head shook in dismay, but never voiced what he was really thinking. I wasn’t going to ask either, some things are best left unsaid. “That’ll feel an awful lot like a hug.”
“Not a hug, it’s a healing.”
Once my open palms held him, he drew in a deep breath before exhaling slowly. I could feel the rhythmic pulse of his heart beating against mine. It seemed to radiate a silvery blue ribbon, which although I could not see vividly, I knew without a doubt it was there and could feel it wrapping around us. We became entwined in this soothing band of silky warmth filled with rays of tenderness and compassion. Those rays travelled into every inch of my being, soothing my frazzled nerves, giving me strength, courage and peace. 
The horrific images of imposter-Brice’s end of life, and subsequent abuse of his body, along with the harm done to my foot were vivid, but somehow became detached from being foremost in my mind. A bit like a boat sailing out to sea, I observed them drifting far away to the periphery of my mind. I accepted that while I would never forget what I had seen, the raw emotions and trauma experienced would no longer invade my every thought, would not define me, would no longer cause me sleepless nights. 
All negativity washed away. Being alive and well and living life to its fullest was what I was going to do for the rest of my years on this planet. 
With that knowledge came an incredible sense of peace which filled my heart producing a kind of lightness within me, flimsiness even, where the heaviness of the past few days floated away with bubble-like buoyancy. 
Feeling as free as champagne bubbles floating jubilantly to the surface after the cork is popped, the effervescence created an overpowering sense of sexual desire which radiated from my core. Suddenly the need to satisfy and be satisfied consumed me.  All doubts and fears I was feeling only moments earlier vanished, for they were tied to conditioning, social expectations and all other manner of chains creating heavy layers to the essence of what was essential to the human state: touch. And touch was what my body craved. 
Slowly my hands began to stroke his toned back before gliding to the front to caress the bulging muscles of his chest and rippled abdomen. My eyes followed a trickle of perspiration working its way down his neck. Leaning in, my tongue languidly captured the salty sweat. His hand gripped my hip and as my body moulded to his, I felt him harden against me. My leg rose unhurriedly up along his thigh and his breathing became heavy, while his thumb caressed the side of my breast. A soft groan escaped him and before I knew it my lips were on his and a yearning I had never known before exploded in me. My hands were deftly working his pants past his pelvis desperate to feel him naked against me. 
“Linny!” He mumbled against my mouth. “Stop...stop. You’re taking....too.....much.”
My mind registered there was a problem, but my desire was saying forget about it, everything would be fine. I didn’t want this to end. The powerful rays within him continued to resonate within me, teetering me close to the edge. God, I wanted to feel him inside me. Then I noticed his hold on me weaken, his arms flopped to either side. I pulled back barely able to breathe.
He appeared exhausted, totally drained. “Ota? Are you okay?” 
His warning that I was taking too much hit home. I had siphoned his energy by mauling him! 
Oh sweet heaven above!! Not embarrassing at all.
“Ota, I’m sooo.....I’m -.” Words failed me.“There were bubbles and a kind of floatiness and I don’t know what came over me! I couldn’t stop.....am...I wanted other things.........very much.”  A sigh of befuddlement escaped me.
 He fell back against the pillow expelling a deep breath. “You didn’t take anything, Linny. I gave what you needed to heal. Whatever that desire was.... was ahhm a latent effect, I guess?”
“You guess???? Why? Does that not happen normally?” And didn’t he feel anything? Or was that just a physical reaction any man would get if someone was dry-humping them? Jeez!! I hadn’t a clue! 
He laughed lightly as his eyes closed. “Let’s just say your reaction would be a first for me.” 
Of course!
Nobody in their right mind would molest the person healing them. Could a hole appear in the ground right now and swallow me up? Please!  He’d need healing from the trauma of having healed me.  “You really don’t look well. Do you want me to get Rosie?”  
 It was difficult seeing this massive, strong man so weak and drained, knowing I was entirely to blame. I mean earlier he picked me up like I weighed nothing and now he looked like a soft breeze would knock him out. 
	 “No! God no, not Rosie! But if you’d let me stay here, I’d really appreciate it. My room seems like it’s a few miles away right now.” 
	“Yes! Yes, of course” I gushed and without preamble, pulled the duvet over him making him as comfortable as possible. Embarrassment at how I put him in that state of exhaustion made me cringe. Whatever that bubbly fizz of sexual awakening was, it had rapidly dissolved into flat 7-Up.
Still, if I was being totally honest with myself, lying here beside him felt so right, like being home and that scared the bejesus out of me because of all people, he was the last person, I should be feeling comfortable with.
	“Linny?” He said weakly after a few seconds, “very soon, I will tell you how I found you,” then passed out before I could respond. 
A river of lustrous black hair lay against the stark white sheets like dramatic strokes across a canvas. Dark golden skin begged to be caressed and my hand reached out to touch him, but pulled back just before making contact. 
What is wrong with you?!!  
I huffed lowly. Watching him sleep had my imagination doing all sorts of things carnal. After the disaster with Stuart, I suppose I shut down those feelings, convinced there was something wrong with me. Sure, since then, I had found some men attractive, but nothing like this. I crept out of bed to cool off. 
Several minutes of sitting on the couch and then pacing the floor did nothing to help the sexual craving.  The walls were closing in on me and I needed to get out. The problem was I only had on the kaftan, which was not meant for outdoors. Going back to the room was not an option, so I limped down to Ota’s room, grabbed one of his sweatshirts and headed out into the night. Given my experience with the Kormushki, escape was the last thing on my mind. 

The cold wind felt gloriously refreshing as it whipped wildly around me. The rain had stopped now leaving everything slick and glistening under the glow from the old lamplight hanging by Rosie’s back entrance. The wet ground soaked through the bandage on my foot, but I was too happy to be away from the caravan to care.
With no particular destination in mind, I wandered by the front entrance but instead of going onto the street, I took a sharp left passing through a narrow arched opening in the high coniferous hedge. On the other side was what appeared to be a small garden, so I took a few tentative steps forward.
“You got a death wish goin’ on, gurl?”
My head whipped around to see Lonan approaching. He carried an old fashioned lantern that lit up the place considerably. I grasped my pounding heart with relief. “Crikey you scared me!” His gait was slow, but confident and I felt he had deliberately wanted to scare me. 
Bastard!
He got closer, too close. “Have you learned nothing from your experience with the finer entities of our world?” His cool voice did not match the madness dancing in his eyes. 
“I came out for some fresh air, that’s all.” I didn’t understand why I was justifying myself to him, but something warned me to keep the conversation casual. Bringing up his penchant for my blood did not seem like a good idea. 
“Can’t sleep?” His nose rose briefly sniffed the air around me and a wry smile turned the corner of his lips. “Hmmmm, someone’s had a very special healin’ tonight.”  
Ugh!“Good night Lonan,” I offered curtly while brushing past him. Before I could even register it, he had grabbed my wrist, nicked it with his teeth then clamped his mouth down on the blood trickling along my skin. 
“Hey!!!” I yelled, pulling away as hard as I could. “Stop it!! You sick ffff-” 
Lonan grabbed my jaw tight forcing me to look into eyes that were not human. “You say a word of this to anyone, and I will take a knife and open your Mommy’s gullet. Then I’ll find that hot little blue-haired friend of yours and gut her too. You clear on that??” 
I didn’t answer. He gripped my jaw even tighter causing water to brim in my eyes from the pain. I conceded with a nod, while silently sending him to the furthest corner of hell. 
“Good girl,” he praised while licking his lips. “This fragile jaw of yours could snap like a twig unless we make ourselves a deal here. You ready to make a deal?”
Like I had a bloody choice!
Blinking several times to indicate ‘yes’ only made him pinch harder. A squeal of agony rang out and he slammed his hand over my mouth. “Shut-up, you stupid bitch!!!” 
Looking over his shoulder, he checked for movement. Satisfied nobody had woken up, he turned back to me. “You will give me a few drops of your blood when I need it, anytime I need it. Even if Two Moons is close by, you will do as I say. Not a word of this to Evaline or Rosie either. Got it?” 
My eyes widened as I realized he was addicted to my blood. How was that possible? Clamouring to find a solution, I came up empty. Rosie would surely know what to do and as soon as I got a chance, I was telling her.
 “I’m waiting!!!” he whispered harshly. The pressure on my jaws was incredible. I closed my eyes and nodded. “Say it,” he urged. 
“Yesssshh.” 
“Good girl. Now remember, not a word or Mommy ‘n Gwenny get flayed.” 
His mouth clamped down on the cut and he sucked long and deep before shoving me away. I tumbled to the ground watching him disappear through the hedge as I sat amongst an ocean of white flowers.  

Once inside the safe confines of the caravan, I immediately locked myself in the bathroom. My entire body trembled in fear and silent sobs racked me. What a difference from the mild mannered man who walked into the agency only a few days earlier. I mean, sure, he didn’t top my list of favourite people, but going from flirty to uttering death threats was an incredible leap. How could my blood do that? How did he become addicted so quickly? Whatever was going on in his sick head, I had no doubt he would hurt my mother and Gwen in a heartbeat.
So he needed a little bit of my blood every now and again. That would be manageable, I was sure. I’d keep up the supply and he’d be happy. It wasn’t like he needed much anyway. He hadn’t taken much tonight. This was doable, I tried to convince myself. 
After checking on Ota and finding him fast asleep and oblivious to what his friend had just done, I settled on the couch and fell into a restless sleep.

Gentle rain falling against the caravan window nudged me awake. Extra blankets had been placed over me during the night. Ota must have slipped out of the room, but I had been aware of nothing. 
Listening carefully, I detected no movement about the place and imagined he was either back in his own room or had already gone to join Rosie. I hoped he’d apologize for upsetting her last night. She didn’t strike me as someone whose feathers were easily ruffled, but his blatant lie seemed to have crossed one of her lines. 
Trudging to the bathroom, a squeal escaped me when I caught my reflection in the mirror. My lower jaws and chin were deep purple. Lonan’s handy work.
Bastard!
My left cheek had the mark of his four fingers and the right, his thumb. It looked awful and I had no make-up to camouflage the marks. Questions would be raised and I began inventing excuses to explain away the damage. 
Lie number 1 – I walked into a door? Nah.
Lie number 2 – Fight club? Definitely not. Nobody talks about Fight Club. 
Lie number 3 –It was those darn Kornushki. Bingo!
After a quick shower, and a change of clothes -which thankfully did not involve a Kaftan, but underwear, jeans and a long-sleeved t-shirt - I hobbled along to the cottage. 
Soft drops of rain peppered my face, the earth smelt sweet and heavy with moisture. Yet amidst this beauty, I felt dread at the prospects of seeing Lonan. 
Inside the cozy cottage a copious breakfast was laid out. I didn’t know how Rosie managed to provide all the comforts of a hotel so effortlessly. The post-it note on the fridge said she was gone to meet the remaining coven members to create the Location spell. Lonan and Evaline had gone off together for the day. Today’s tea was once again, Sun-Spirit seen as we didn’t get a chance to taste it yesterday.  
Feeling relieved to be alone, where no questions could be asked about my face, I poured a mug full then inhaled the freshly brewed leaves. A summer breeze whisked through my hair, tickled my neck then carried me off to warm sun-kissed barley fields, where I ran barefoot between the tall rows. I giggled loudly as my hands glided along the stalks. 
“What’s funny?” 
I jolted with fright. Ota reached from behind me, steadying my hand and preventing the tea from spilling. He had been so close, but I had not heard him approach at all. 
“Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you.” 
“No, it’s okay” I heaved breathlessly while turning around. 
His eyes immediately fell to my cheeks then widened as big as saucers when he realized they were bruises. A deep frown formed between his eyes, as his thumb passed lightly over my cheek. “Who did this??”  Angry energy pulsed through him. He lifted my chin slightly and checked the other side before holding my gaze expectantly.
With a nonchalant shrug, I looked away, “must’ve been the Kormushki.” 
Lying to Ota felt wrong, but telling the truth would put others in danger and that scared me into silence. He gently redirected my chin so our eyes met, but I could see the scepticism. “Had that been the case, I would’ve seen it last night.”
Damn!  “Yeah well, the healing and its latent effects probably skewed your recollection of….things.”
A slight smile curved the corner of his lip. “I recall every second of the healing, vividly,” his tone was low, raspy almost and heat flooded my cheeks.
I had been trying to change the subject away from the bruises and ended up mentioning the one thing I hoped we would never touch on again. “So, have you tasted Rosie’s teas?”  
His focus remained on the discoloration. “The area is large,” he said laying both hands against my cheeks.  
Oh Shit!
“Ota..I-” then only one hand was placed in exactly the same position, as Lonan had last night. 
God! Talk about not letting it go!! 
His touch was as light as a feather, but even that made me wince. “A man’s hand” he whispered almost to himself. A flash of fury crossed his features, yet his voice was gentle when he asked, “Linny, who the fuck hurt you?”
His body was almost touching mine and a part of me wanted nothing more than to hug him tight and tell him what a bastard his friend was, but I stuck with the story of the feeders being the culprit. 
“I told you…I don’t remember, okay! It must’ve been the Kormushski…you know..while they were having a podiatric feast.” 
He stood there not saying anything for a long moment, clearly not believing me. “Really? That is strange indeed. Incredible even!”
“Why?” I balked. “What’s incredible about it? If they’ll chew off someone’s toe, you think they’re not capable of bashing a person about too? Jeez Ota!! I mean you saw the state of that place when you got there. Things got rough!”
“The problem, besides the delayed appearance of the bruises, is Kormushski never ever touch above the neck. It is reserved uniquely for the female Kuru. Do you remember we discussed that detail yesterday?” 
Holy shite!
“So the Kuru did it when she gave me a tongue bath” I quipped boldly. 
He nodded but clearly still didn’t believe me. “So besides this work of art” he motioned to my face, “how are you feeling?”
Heat continued to flame my cheeks. “Fine! You? You look gr –rested.” 
His eyes held mine and I felt incapable of looking away. “I’m gr-rested” he smiled. “Never felt better.” 
My heart thumped loudly in my chest and I was convinced he would hear it if I didn’t distract him. “Rosie’s teas are simply...magical,” I said with a wide smile while raising my cup.
Without looking away, he responded coolly. “I have heard them described as such.” 
“Described? Meaning you’ve never tasted her teas? Any of them?” I didn’t wait for an answer, but quickly filled a cup. I released a slow breath, relieved we were no longer discussing me.   “Here, try some.” 
His eyes crinkled with amusement. Not for the first time, I wondered how old Ota was. Late twenties, early thirties maybe? I also wondered why he did not smile more often. Then I remembered Nessan and filed that question away.
“Okay, Bia” he said, his gaze never leaving mine, “I will taste.” 
He lifted the cup to his nose appreciating the wonderful aroma. His eyes closed and I knew he was carried off to a place the spirit of the sun produced uniquely for him. After a long moment he tasted the tea and again savoured the unusual blend of perfumed leaves. 
“So?” 
He sat down at the table, “wonderful.”
I smiled then went to the counter, filled a plate with a little of everything Rosie had prepared and handed it to him. Taking a smaller plate, I put a few things on it for myself although my appetite wasn’t back to normal. I was hoping we could talk about the night of the Transition. It was important he understand what really happened.
He dug into his meal and I sipped my tea. After a few minutes he paused mid-bite looking from my plate to me. “It’s not good?”
“No, no... it’s fine” I said and took a large gulp of tea.
“How would you know, you have not eaten.” 
“True. But, I’m just not....I’ll eat something later.”
“You hardly eat at all. I have watched you for several days now and you eat almost nothing.” 
An opening!
“Well, ahm.........since the night..... I....you know the...” Damn! “Do you know what confession is?” 
“It is what the Roman Catholics practice. Yes?” 
“Right!” I smiled. “So you know what goes on in a confessional?”
“People provide too much personal information to a mortal man. Sometimes of questionable morals himself.”
“Pretty much. Confession is kind of like a spiritual ‘get out of jail free’ card.”
“Okay. But, why are you telling me this?”
 “Well, I have a confession to make.”
“You want me to find you a priest?”
“No, no, no. Not that.
 “You need to go to church?”
“No, I definitely do not want to go to church.”
“A monastery then? But there are no priests there.” His frown showed he was confused.
”No. I want you to be the priest.”
 “But, I am not a priest.”
“Correct. You are not a priest.” 
 His frown deepened. “This is making no sense.”
“I need you to pretend you are a priest.”
“You are, at times, a very odd woman, Linny.”
“I have no argument with you there.”
“So why do I need to be this pretend priest?”
“Because what I’m going to tell you requires you hear me out, no matter how hard it is, like a priest would in a confessional.”
He gave some thought on my strange request and said yes. I exhaled a sigh of relief at getting over the first hurdle. “Great! But there’s one other thing I need.”
“I will not wear the clothes of a priest. That’s not right with me.”
 A loud laugh burst out, “no dressing you up, I promise.”
“Okay then. What is it?”
“For this, I will need to borrow your smoke spirit to show you what I need.”
“My Spirit!” He coughed in disbelief. “I cannot just hand over my spirit to you! It is in me and I in it.”
“Well, is there a way to momentarily transfer it?” I was thinking if the Kormushki could do it, why couldn’t we – in a non cannibalistic near-death way of course. 
I could tell by his look that there was, but whether he would admit to it or not was another thing. Feeling it was best to remain silent while he thought things through, I sat back and waited. When he finally did speak I held my breath in anticipation. 
“My grandfather showed me once how unkind I had been to a boy in our tribe. I did not believe I had behaved as my grandfather said, so he had me merge with him to see through his eyes, feel with his heart, the wrongs I had committed. So, yes it is possible.” 
“You’ll be my smokin’ priest?,” I chuckled nervously. 
“On two conditions.”
Ruh-roh!
“Okay,” I swallowed hard, “what are they?”
“One, you tell me what you are going to be confessing and two, after you have confessed, you eat.”
I squirmed, hoping this wouldn’t be a deal breaker. “The Transition at Banba. And, yes I’ll eat.”Hopefully. He didn’t seem too pleased about the former, but fundamentally I don’t think he expected me to talk about anything else. It’s all we had in common. 
“Okay then,” he conceded. “Call me Father Ota.”

We needed open space to do the merging and the surrounding fields seemed as good a place as any to find that space. The rain had stopped, giving way to the bright morning sunshine. We walked in companionable silence through several large fields with many hues of green grass, soft earth and rolling hills. Herds of sheep and cows grazed lazily, barely acknowledging our presence. 
Not far from them, a babbling stream meandered through the field and we followed it along for about a mile. When we came to a wider section of the brook, Ota set down a large cross-over satchel which he had filled after breakfast. He began emptying the bag and said it would take a few minutes to arrange all that he would need. 
I sat down on the river bank, took off my shoes and socks and dipped my uninjured foot into the cold water. The sun hid behind some fluffy clouds and I lay back on the grass, took a deep breath and basked in the beauty of this simple moment.  How long I spent there, I wasn’t sure, but I sat up only when Ota told me he was ready. Hauling my foot out of the water, I went to join him. 
A plethora of tools were laid out neatly on a large colourful canvas cloth with intricate Native patterns. A large stick of dried herbs smouldered into the air wafting a sweet scent of sage and cedar about us. Ota asked me to step onto the cloth and began what he called the smudging, to cleanse me. I was definitely wary of anything called cleansing but it was nothing more than a sweeping motion of the smoky herbs around me. 
“You need to be at my height.” 
Looking up at Ota, I calculated a foot difference. “Okay. Ahmmm maybe I could stand on a large rock?” Just then I felt myself elevated until we were eye to eye. He had made a step ladder out of smoke. “Wow! That’s impressive!”
He nodded with a hint of a smile, but said nothing more. He looked into my eyes with a gentle regard then placed my long blond waves behind my shoulders and tucked any strays behind my ears. He bent down and came up with what looked like a small joint. “That better not be Weed! I do not do drugs!”
“Bia! It is pure tobacco, sacred tobacco at that. And stop interrupting,” he chided amicably.
Feeling slightly rebuked, I waited silently for instructions. 
“Now, once I will light the rolled leaf and inhale deeply, I will gather my spirit inside of me, ask of him to transfer to you, briefly then should he agree, I will exhale into your mouth. You must inhale as I exhale to allow my spirit to see and feel things from your perspective. So think of everything you can about the ritual. Then once you have finished recalling the Transition we must close the ritual. To do this, you inhale the tobacco then exhale into my mouth to return my spirit to me. I will then experience what you saw and how you felt. Understand?”
I nodded, but nervousness had me shifting my weight to each foot.
“It’s very important you complete the final part properly.”
“I will, I promise.”
“Just as you trusted me to heal you yesterday, I am trusting you with my spirit. This is huge, Linny because it involves my life, my survival. If I go too long separated from my spirit, one of us could die. By that I mean, if my spirit doesn’t return to me, I will become my true human age and will die. If you hold onto my spirit, it will be like a parasitic entity which will kill you slowly, so it’s imperative you allow it to return to me.”
My arms folded defensively, “you must have some trust in me, if you are doing this. Right?” 
“I trust my spirit will do everything possible to return to me.”   
Wow! Great vote of confidence!  “You can relax, I won’t let you become a crabby old man, I promise.” I giggled playfully, but inwardly began praying I wouldn’t cough my guts up during the smoke exchange. “Seriously, I got it. Okay? I inhale, become possessed, think of the Transition and exhale Old Smokey back into you.” 
“It is not Old Smokey.” 
	“When this is over Mr Two Moons, remind me to have you look up the definition of a joke.”
	“And” he nodded amicably “following that, we could also find the definition of cooperation for you, Miss Harkin.”
	“You think I’m uncooperative????????”my voice was practically at Helium level.  
	“You think I’ve no sense of humour??????” His voice mimicked mine perfectly and I couldn’t help but laugh. 
	“Okay...let’s just get this over with.”
	“See you on the other side, Bia.”
He closed his eyes, raised a small animal skull to the sky and chanted something in his native tongue. After turning in each direction, he placed the skull back on the cloth then lit the tobacco, inhaling so deeply it made me wonder how much I’d have to draw in! 
His mouth came toward me at an angle and I braced myself by placing my hands on his shoulders. He responded by putting his arm around my waist and pulling me close against him. That hadn’t been part of the instructions. I could feel the warmth of his lips against mine as sweet but spicy smoke passed through my mouth, undulated over my tongue and glided deep down into my throat.  
As my lungs filled to capacity, a shift occurred inside me and I felt a strong, powerful presence, with a gentle heart. I wondered if there would be room for two spirits in my body and deep panic began to take over. 
“Linny” Ota spoke in my mind. “ignore my spirit inside you, concentrate on that night. Think only of that night and nothing else.”And then my eyes felt as big as saucers and we were out front at Banba under the night sky.  
Evaline was smiling as she and Nessan approached. The Elder looked majestic wearing the long white velvet cape across her shoulders and I felt a terrible sadness knowing these were her final moments. My head turned as both Ota and Lonan quickly joined them.
The same words were spoken as they were that first time. “Tonight Linny” Nessan said with a wide smile “you will Transition to your true spirit self.”
I fast-forwarded through my memories, my reluctance to believe what they were telling me, Duff’s Transition right up to when Nessan and I faced each other under the night sky. And then it was as if I was back there.
Nessan’s warm smile and quick wink reassured me that all would be well. Her chant began with words I had never heard before but I soon noticed a great orb like a water bubble enclose both of us. The chant raised pulsating energy around us and I felt her power but also her love for what she was doing. In her presence I felt safe, warm, like being next to a cozy fire. As her chanting continued, the heat soon began to feel uncomfortably hot and then quickly turned intolerable as my skin burned. I couldn’t breathe. I waved at her to stop while my skin peeled off my body. I screamed at her to help but it was like she couldn’t hear me. I watched as my clothes blackened, my skin began to char and I knew I was dying. I scrambled to try and save us and thought of the only way to stop the burning.  I closed my eyes, summoned the symbol from my palm and once the painful swelling was felt on the surface I thrust it toward the orb hoping to halt the spell and release ourselves from the immolation. 
I heard a massive explosion then felt the whack of a power wave lift me off the ground and toss me across garden amid a shower of glass plummeting from the sky. I was slammed hard to the dirt and heard several bones crack, but all I could think of was how wonderful the cool wind felt against my skin. 
Despite my muffled hearing, I heard a terrifying scream fill the night air followed by panicked shrieks. My head lolled to the side and I saw Nessan crumpled on the ground. Her white cape was shred and mostly crimson from blood loss. She was surrounded by Ota, Lonan and Evaline. My last thought was of feeling relieved that they were helping her then my world went black.

Ota and I crashed onto the grass. I got up shakily and saw he was completely unresponsive and deathly pale. Panic wanted to take over, but I forced myself to remember his instructions. 
Dashing over to the rolled tobacco, I picked up the large cigarette and lit it. Kneeling beside Ota, I inhaled deeply and tried to blow the smoke into his mouth, but his lips were closed tight. Fearing he was gone to join the same darkness I had lived after the Transition, I yanked on his jaw, got it open slightly and pressing my lips to his, blew the smoke as far and as long as possible into his mouth. I waited anxiously, but there was still no sign of him coming to. Maybe I had done it wrong! Maybe he had been too long away from his Spirit and was dying. 
I ran over to the canvas, grabbed the skeleton head and thrust it to the sky. I improvised for my deficiency of the Sioux language and instead asked the spirit of the skull and the Great Creator to please, please, please help him. I dashed back to his side, took another long pull on the tobacco, inhaled deeply then asked his spirit to hold onto the smoke so he could return to Ota. I bent down, gently opened his mouth and blew the smoke into him once more. My lips lingered on his as I exhaled to the maximum and I couldn’t help but think what it would be like to kiss those lips every day.  
A loud inhaling gasp broke through the silence and Ota breathed like a man catching his first breath after being too long underwater. He sat up coughing, spluttering and choking. His eyes were blood-shot and watery and his skin was still horribly pale and moist. I spotted a bottle of water amongst his items and grabbed it. Cracking open the plastic cap, I pushed it into his hand. He put it to his mouth and drained it in one shot. 
It took another ten minutes of him coughing and doing deep breathing exercises before his color returned. I waited silently for him to be fully composed before I would ask what he saw, but he remained aloof and distant. Once he seemed back to normal, he didn’t sit and talk, but busied himself with putting away his tools, while murmuring in his language. I walked over to the river bank and dipped my foot in the cool water letting the light current flow over my toes all the while allowing the stress of the situation to ebb away with the gentle current.
Dragon flies and honeybees buzzed by erratically hovering for all of a second before moving on. I spotted a school of minnows moving in synchronicity and marvelled at the facade of simplicity in nature when it was so very complex. 
Ota’s hand came into view. I took it after a moment’s hesitation, allowing him to help me up. He didn’t let go and I studied his face to gauge his well-being. He was breathing properly, his skin was back to its beautiful natural color, but his eyes were blood shot. Still, he looked much better and I was satisfied he’d made a full recovery from whatever that was. 
“You want to head back?”It wasn’t what I really wanted to ask, but I guessed he wouldn’t want to talk anyway.   
His hand gently cupped my cheek, his eyes never left mine. “It is I that needs to confess, Linny”. 
I stepped back, a bad feeling making my breath hitch. “You need to confess?”
His head shook in dismay. “First of all, I admit I didn’t trust you enough to give over my spirit. It’s hard to explain but I stayed with my spirit when you merged.” 
“You didn’t trust me?” Why was I surprised or even hurt? The man barely knew me and what he did know was that I had, somehow, contributed to the death of his bonded. Once again, I felt extremely gullible for believing someone would have faith in me. “Well, I’m glad that’s cleared up.” With a despondent wave, I walked away. 
“Look what’s important here is....it was......I mean I was you on that night. Just now.”
I turned to face him but was now ten feet away.  “You were me?” I queried, “What does that even mean?”
“Everything I saw was as you experienced it.”
“Wasn’t that what we were going for anyway?!”
“Let’s just say, I experienced it live and in person – not via my spirit.”
“So, what did you see?” That defensive tone was back again. The next few words he would utter would either bind me to a hell of guilt - survivor’s or otherwise- or release me like a balloon into the sky. I fought hard as tears threatened to spill down my cheeks. I was seconds from losing it. 
“............that you didn’t kill Nessan.” 
Whatever ounce of control I had been holding onto left me. Unable to speak, I covered my face with my hands, ashamed of allowing him to see these emotions released. His big arms wrapped around me, holding me to his hard chest as I heaved silent sobs. 
“You couldn’t have harmed Nessan” he added quietly before planting a kiss on my hair. “Because not only is it not in your nature to harm a fly....but you were already dead.” 


Chapter 6


“LINNY!!!” The deep voice startled me and had Ota unsheathing his dagger. We turned in several directions looking to see who was calling me.
“Who’s there!!!!??!” I enquired fearfully, while wiping my face dry.
From a set of tall deep rushes on the opposite side of the brook, Brice from the coven poked his head through. 
“Brice???????? You’re okay!!” My first reaction was to cross the stream, but Ota held me back. 
“Wait” he whispered near my ear “we’re not even sure it is really him.” 
Taking Ota’s advice, I remained were I was. “Everyone was worried about you. What happened? And what are you doing skulking over there?”  I was suddenly concerned about what he had seen. Ota seemed to be thinking the same thing from the look he shot me.
“What the fuck happened to yer face?” Brice asked while throwing a dirty look at Ota. 
“Had a run in with some cannibals” I lied. 
“Really?” His disbelief was clear from the way his head inclined to the side. “Sounds like a load of bull to me. I wouldn’t be believin’ ye lassie.” 
“Believe whatever you want?” As much as I was glad to see he was alive and well, his attitude was annoying. 
“Aye...that I will.” he responded pensively. “You should hang out with me. I’d keep you safe.” 
This, from the man who was missing for two days, but I didn’t get a chance to remind him of that small detail as an irate Ota stepped closer. “If you have something to say little boy, best say it now then leave – quickly.” 
“Tell your He-Man to behave, Linny.”
What an obnoxious attitude. “His name is Ota and I would appreciate you remember that!”
“My apologies Linny. And sorry, Oh-thaw.”
Ota’s chest rumbled angrily but he didn’t say anything. “That’s better,” I told Brice. “So, what happened to you? Everyone thought you died.”
“Someone knocked me out cold in a ditch a few miles away. I only came to this morning when Rosie found me.”
“Did you see who it was?” Ota asked.
“Aye. I even stood still so he could wallop me good too!”
“Enough with the sarcasm, Brice” I glowered. “He’s only trying to help.”
“Yeah..well too little, too late for that, me wee lass.” He scoffed. “Whoever attacked me was an Elite because he disabled me powers in a heartbeat. According to Rosie, I’m out of action for a few weeks until they re-emerge.”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that,” I offered sincerely. “What’s an Elite?”
  Ota leaned closer. “I’ll tell you on the way back.”
 Brice cooed mockingly. “See? Isn’t that nice? Oooh-ta will explain everything.”
 He really was acting strange. It had to be the bang to the head because he seemed quite normal, funny even, when we spoke after the healing ritual. 
“Brice, what was it you wanted to tell me?” 
 “Rosie” he said snappily “says The Council sent a message. They’ve chosen an elder to Transition you.”
Ota and I exchanged glances. “We best head back,” he said coolly, while placing his bag cross-body. 
Before I could say bye to Brice, he had already gained some distance in the opposite direction. I hoped he’d be safe, although, if he didn’t have an attitude adjustment someone would knock him out again. 
As we began the trek back to the cottage, I ruminated about this second Transition. Would it go well? Would I finally get to meet my spirit? Or would I die -  again? So many questions sprang to mind, but I was unsure if I should ask Ota or not. He wasn’t the chattiest of men. Still, he said he’d explain what an Elite was. Maybe from there I’d get the answers I needed.
“So...Transition number two, huh?”  It was generic as a conversation starter. 
“Don’t expect this one to be as easy as it was with Nessan.”
Easy? Hadn’t he just confirmed I died, at least technically? 
His strides were long, purposeful and I had to almost jog-hobble to keep up with him. “How so?” 
“Because of the Elderen.” He glanced over his shoulder at me. “Most of them, anyway.”
“Most of them what? We’re talking about The Elderen, right? The ones who Transition people?”
 “Correct”
 “So, why....ahhhm” his pace quickened. I was beginning to pant.  “...why won’t it be...” A cramp suddenly seized my foot forcing me to elevate one leg, stork-style. “Why do you think it won’t be easier?” 
He turned around then realized I couldn’t keep up and offered his arm.“Nessan performed all her Transitions from the heart, from a place of love and respect. Many Elderen have forgotten the source of their ability to call forth the spirits. They perform Transitions as though the power comes from themselves not their Creator.”
“So they’re kind of on a power trip.” 
“Their ego leads them, feeds their decisions. They’ve even become competitive amongst themselves, priding themselves in Transitioning rare spirits and giving little thought to the more frequently evolved spirits.” 
“So, what you’re saying is, I’m like a trophy to win.”
“Your spirit is the trophy, if it’s rare.”
“I thought The Council were scaredy cats.” They didn’t seem to want me around after the first Transition. 
“You, they won’t give a damn about. They’ve probably vied fiercely just to be selected for the Transition. Who knows what they did to win that opportunity. And The Council are cautious, but the Elderen are not.”
“Does that Elite person, Brice mentioned, whatever an Elite is, have anything to do with this?” 
“I’m certain it wasn’t an Elite who attacked Brice. They have the highest level of magic possible. An encounter like that wouldn’t just disable his spirit for a few days, it would have annihilated it and him without physical contact. All Elites are Council-raised and all are what your world calls, Special Ops.” 
“So Brice Lied?” 
“No, I’m sure that’s what he believes. But I think that’s more a pride thing. Most men don’t want to assume someone bested them, so they’ll imagine only the toughest opponent could catch them. “Brice’s magic is very strong,” 
Ota placed a palm on my lower back and we began moving forward at a much more manageable pace. “So, whoever attacked him had a higher power level, but not the highest?”
“I believe so. That also means word of the failed Transition is out there, unofficially at least. The Council have not made any announcements to the community, but you’re a prime target.”
“I am? For what?”
“A clandestine Transition.” 
“But I thought only the Elderen could perform a Transition. Aren’t they all with your Council?” 
“Officially, yes. But there could be a rogue Elder out there. That’s someone whose spirit was not declared, as it should have been. It was kept a secret. So, a young boy or girl Transitions and their spirit emerges with the power of an Elderen but was registered as something else.”
“So, if I understand correctly, one of the official Elderen is Transitioning kids, but not declaring if they have a rare spirit.”
“We have no proof of such, but we believe it is happening.”    
“So what would they register the Elderen kid as?”
“Anything that would fall into the Ordinarium.” 
“Is that like ordinary people?” 
“It’s more like commonly emerged spirits that feed the needs of the Raris.”  He glanced down at me. “It’s long and complicated to explain all of this” he grumbled. “When you Transition, you’ll understand.” 
Oh-kay. That was an abrupt change. I guess, I’d just have to learn on the fly.


Rosie, Lonan and Evaline were already in the kitchen when we got back. Lonan smiled brightly and waved to us. My shoulders tensed at the sight of him and I avoided eye-contact for fear I’d see the madness from the night before. 
“Hey Linz” he cooed melodically, but I barely acknowledged him. He showed no guilt or remorse for what he did. Weren’t those the traits of a sociopath?
Evaline approached and frowned when she caught the discoloration on my face. “Ouch! You poor thing!”
“You should see the other guy” I teased mirthlessly.
Rosie bustled over tsking loudly. “Now how in heavens name did that happen?” 
“Kormushki” I replied. 
“Toads legs,” she muttered to herself then quickly left the room. Crap! She didn’t believe me. 
Lonan signalled Ota to follow him out of the room.
“Remember, Bia,” Ota said low enough so only I could hear, “second condition -you must eat.” He threw me a wink as he went to join Lonan.
Rosie returned with a lime green paste in a tiny glass jar. Without preamble she oozed a huge dollop onto her hand then wiped it across my cheeks and chin. It stank like rotten eggs, but she didn’t seem to notice. “All that will be gone tomorrow, pet.” 
Trying not to squirm, I read the label, “Puréed Toads legs.”Ugh! 
 “Yes! And all are gifted from Mother Earth. Their lives had already ended, yet they crossed my path so they could continue to help.” She went to the sink to wash her hands and eyed the lasagne. “C’mon now. Get tucked in. It won’t eat itself.”
Despite wearing the foul smelling gloop, I placed a huge portion of lasagne on my plate, sat at the table and tucked in with gusto. 
“Jeez Linny,” Evaline remarked, “that’s not hunger, that’s starvation.” 
Between mouthfuls I explained how my appetite had vanished and now was back, big time.
After pushing my plate aside and gulping my third glass of milk, Evaline beamed a wide smile before wiggling her fingers playfully in my direction. On her finger was a beautiful black diamond sitting in the center of an oval shaped ring with a silvery vine. It was unique and surely cost the price of a high end car. She squealed happily “Lonan asked me to be his bonded!!!” 
Sweet Lord!!!! She was marrying that ogre??!!! I wanted to shout from the roof tops that he was souped up on my blood, a womanizer and a bully but decided against it. This wasn’t the time to say anything. 
“Congratulations!” I offered in a more subdued tone than I hoped to convey. 
“Are you not happy for me, Linny?”She pouted petulantly. This was surely what she did to get guys to fall at her feet because even I felt bad about my lukewarm reaction. 
 “Of course! I’m just confused about these bonds.” That, at least was true. Ota was bonded to Nessan, but he said it was a working relationship, yet Evaline’s announcement made it sound like this was a different bond. So what made them different? “Is that like Nessan and Ota?”
“No, no, no!” She exclaimed joyfully while wrinkling her nose. “Ours is much like a human engagement only a lot deeper.”  Stretching out her elegant hand to admire it, she gave a soft sigh of contentment. “He’s amazing.” 
Lonan was not deserving of her love, but blissful energy wafted about her entire body. I reached over, gave her a warm hug and wished her a lifetime of love and happiness. “You’ll have to explain the whole bond thing to me. I mean, how do you feel when you bond?” I asked while peering at the rock on her delicate finger. 
Rosie and Evaline exchanged a furtive look before Rosie clapped her hands in joy, “this calls for some bubbly!! Linny, grab us five flutes from the bottom right section,” she thumbed toward the floor-to-ceiling dresser built to fit the furthest corner of the room.“I have some Veuve-Cliquot chilling in the fridge.” 
Evaline shook her head in awe, “you never cease to amaze me, Rosie. How you can predict these things is nothing short of amazing.” 
Praise was not something Rosie thought much of and shrugged it off cheerily. “Nothing amazing about feeling a special celebration was coming.”
After I placed the exquisite crystal flutes carefully on the table, Rosie began wiping each one with a crisp white linen cloth. “Bring the men back from the living room, Linny, will you? Evaline, I have an ice bucket in the cupboard and some ice in the freezer. Let’s keep this cool.” 
I made my way down the hall, but heard raised voices coming from the living room. Part of me wanted to return to the kitchen, but the other, more curious side of me won out and I inched further to listen against the closed door. 
“Because we ain’t sure yet!” Lonan snapped. 
“When will you know?” Ota replied calmly. 
“You know how these things manifest themselves. I don’t have to spell it out for you. But I’ll tell you this, there’s nothin’ gonna be decided here ‘til I’m certain Evaline is safe.”  After exhaling loudly he continued, “look man ..I gotta say...”a pause of silence hung in the air. “I just don’t get you in all of this.”
“What do you mean?” Ota’s words held a note of warning in them, as if Lonan was about to broach on territory he should not. 
“Y’all know damn well what I mean! For an entire month you surveyed her every move in that shithole of a shack. Now, at first, I just thought you were bein’ real careful on account of her bein’ a Hostile an’ all, but now, I’m thinkin’ you enjoyed watchin her, just like a goddamn voyeur. I think you’re in deep and won’t have the cojones to bring her to The Council when it’s time.” 
What did he mean I was a Hostile?
It was a strange term, the kind that didn’t give me the warm and fuzzies, neither did him calling Banba a shithole. And what kind of surveillance had I been under? If Ota was watching me, that would mean he’d seen me even before we met at the house-warming? 
Holy Feck! What the hell was really going on here? 
“Once again, Lonan, your suspicions are incorrect and have led you to the wrong conclusion. Let’s just say, I’m doing the job I was hired to do, which is more than I can say for you.”
“Oh yeah?” he challenged. “How do ya reckon that?”
“You have shown a complete lack of professionalism since we were assigned to her. The first chance you get your tongue is down her throat and I know you’ve tasted her power again because I can smell it off you, right now.”
“Well back at ya, bro. Her power’s just about drippin’ off you.” He gave a strange kind of muffled chuckle. “What ya gone done to get that slathered in her?”
“I didn’t take her power and I don’t want it either.” Ota’s voice didn’t sound as calm as a moment ago. 
Lonan’s laugh was screechy and gave me the shivers, “c’mon man!! Don’t tell me you don’t wanna taste more of her because I know you do. That level of power is like dynamite exploding on the inside. It just leaves you wanting more...so much more.” He laughed and said “you gotta admit that at least!” 
I heard movement and went to dash away, but stopped when one of them seemed to be choking. “Keep your damn Symbiot in line.” Ota spoke in a deep menacing growl. “You best stay the hell away from her, or I’m terminating your contract here. Are we clear on that?” 
Through a hacking cough Lonan managed to choke “okay, okay – cool it man. I won’t touch your precious Hostile. But I know her power has gotten to you too.”
I didn’t wait to hear anything else and dashed back to the kitchen, announcing somewhat breathlessly, “ahm...they’ll be here in a minute.”
Rosie gave me a calculating glance and I had to wonder if she knew what they had been discussing. Reeling from their conversation, I sat at the table trying to stay focused as an effervescent Evaline went into the details of how Lonan proposed. 
What she saw in him was a mystery. Even Ota didn’t seem to like him. He had warned Lonan and his Symbiot to stay away from me. Was Lonan’s spirit a Symbiot? What was that like exactly? And how did it manifest itself? Why was I called a Hostile? And what kind of surveillance was Ota conducting in Banba? And what powers did I have that they could taste and smell? In what way was Ota in deep? He showed nothing only a sense of duty to get me to The Council in one piece. I was so sick of having all these questions in my head and of not getting the answers I needed. Rosie seemed to be the only one capable of telling the truth around here. We were going to have a serious chat, shortly. 
“Linny?” Evaline said snapping her fingers playfully in front of my face. “Have you even heard one word of what we were saying.”
“I’m sorry. I....I was -”
“Linny has a lot on her mind,” Rosie chided softly while giving me a discreet nod.
 “I was just wondering if you’d like to go dress shopping with me. We’re going to have a bonding party and I haven’t a thing to wear.”  
My expression must have said it all because she quickly followed her request with a “but only if you feel like it! And if you have the time...and -”
“She knows what you mean” Rosie patted her hand gently. “Don’t you Linny?”
“Yes, but, I don’t think I’d be any help. Gwen tells me I’m hopeless when it comes to these things. Plus, when I do shop with someone, I’m brutally honest, which may upset you.”
“That’s exactly what I need!!” Evaline exclaimed. “Your one hundred percent honest opinion and Rosie’s too.” 
“Oh, I’m afraid not,” Rosie laughed. “I’m strictly a Souk shopper.”
“What’s a Souk?”
“A market. My favourite are in Marrakech. It’s truly a wonderful experience.”
“Sounds amazing.”
“Well, I know a few really nice places here too, Linny.” Evaline interjected. “Prepare to be amazed.” 
“Am I even allowed to venture out shopping?” I looked to Rosie for help, but saw she was containing a laugh and wouldn’t contribute any further to the subject. 
“After the Transition, yes, of course.” 
“Okay” I conceded to Evaline. “But if you don’t find your dress on our first trip, you’ll be okay with that?” 
“Absolutely!” She clapped her hands together gleefully. “Still we’ll have from opening to closing so we should be able to narrow down our choices somewhat. 
I smiled, but groaned inwardly. 
The subject changed from shopping to The Council. “Which elder did they say is coming?” Evaline asked softly. 
Rosie’s smile was strained when she answered “Leri. And we should expect him within a day or two, which basically means he can show up when it suits him.” 
“Leri??? Good God!” Evaline barked, “Linny is so screwed! That man was confined to Council contracts for a reason!” 
Rosie shot Evaline a sharp glance, “we do not emote like that in this house, child. Now, yes, Leri may not be the most progressive thinker of the Elderen, but we can assume good judgement will be employed where Linny’s Transition is concerned.” 
Evaline tapped the tip of her slight finger on the table, “I don’t believe that for a second. She almost died with Nessan’s Transition. Nessan, who was the most loving being you could meet! Imagine what will happen with a ploppy-head like Leri!” She narrowed her eyes suspiciously. “I believe he’s pulling this stunt to fall back into favour with The Council.”
“Let’s interject some positive thinking here” Rosie said with a wide smile. “I’m sure his hiatus from the community will have brought him much wisdom and he will handle Linny with all the love and care she deserves.” 
All three of us looked at each other, none of us believing that for a moment, which was bad given that I had never met this elder before.
“I think a change of energy is needed” Rosie announced in a confident tone before closing her eyes and taking a long, slow, deep breath. After exhaling equally slowly, she walked over to a side cabinet then lifted a miniature brass bowl. “Now, when you hear the sound take a deep cleansing breath.” 
She gave a little tap to the Tibetan singing bowl, Evaline and I inhaled deeply feeling the gentle harmonic tone vibrate around the room dissipating some of our nervous energy. Images of a serene smiling Buddha filled my mind and I allowed myself to believe, for a moment, that I was actually away from all my worries and travelling somewhere nice, just for fun.
“The champagne is ready to be served and I do believe I hear the men approaching.”
My meditative state was short-lived when Lonan and Ota returned from their chat. Tension between them was stifling and I guessed from Rosie’s tsk, the Om in the room had just been annulled.  She clapped her hands loudly together once then placed her palms downward and took a long deep breath. The friction immediately dissipated. 
Whatever both men had to resolve, would be done another day. Unaffected by them, Evaline giggled with glee when Rosie passed the bottle of bubbly to Lonan, who opened it with panache then proceeded to fill our glasses. Rosie held her glass upwards and everyone followed suit. 
“To the many faces of love, may they all unite at the closing of each day.”
She received a few puzzled looks from her cryptic toast, but ignored them and raised her glass again. We all chorused “Hear, Hear” and tasted the decadent bubbles. Ota made no move to congratulate either betrothed and I wondered what else they had talked about after my eavesdropping session ended. These people were such a mystery. I felt completely lost.
The Transition was discussed at length and nobody had a good thing to say about Leri. I remained silent as I had no knowledge whatsoever on the subject and nothing of interest to contribute. 
A couple of hours later, Ota and Lonan left to continue their discussion in the living room, while Rosie and Evaline began chatting about things from their past. I felt it best to leave them catch-up without them needing to include me. What I really wanted to talk about was this unseen world they all took for granted, but as an Un-Transitioned, nobody would tell me much. Feigning fatigue, I bid them good-night and returned to the caravan. 
After showering and putting on a long pink t-shirt, I was happy to see Rosie’s ointment had significantly diminished the bruising on my face. If she ever decided to market that, she would be an extremely wealthy woman. 
Once in bed, I used my phone to catch up on emails and texts from Gwen and my mother. I kept my communications short and joyful given that I was supposed to be vacationing in Italy. I hated lying like this and decided I needed to talk tomorrow with Evaline about how to resolve it.
At some point sleep claimed me, but it was far from restful. Dreams of Nessan assailed me. I saw her call to me, beg me to change the outcome so she wouldn’t die and I did everything possible to stop us burning in a fiery shower of glass. As we fell into a dark oblivion, she reached out to grab my hand but failed to latch on. I watched her plummet to her deaths creaming my name. 
I shot upright drenched in sweat and trembling all over. It took me a long moment to realize I was in the caravan. The clock read four fifteen in the morning. Fearful of what I would see if I closed my eyes again, I got up and shuffled to the fridge, took out a chilled bottle of water and drank thirstily. Muffled voices outside prompted me to peer through the wooden slats. 
A dim flickering light was glowing in the vicinity of the Cairn. Curious, I stepped close to Ota’s bedroom door which was to the right of the entrance, but noticed the bed hadn’t been slept in. Slipping outside, I made my way down the path. The morning air was frigid and I regretted not covering up. Still, I was too nosy to have taken the time to throw on an extra layer. My bare feet were already cold and my nipples protruded through the light t-shirt. Hugging my arms across my chest, I surreptitiously made my way to the healing circle. 
Peering around the lilac tree, I saw Ota, Lonan and me!?? My eyes widened. The ‘me’ was playfully touching Ota’s chest.“What the f...”
“You will catch your death, child” Rosie chided behind me while taking my arm and leading me inside the house. “You’re just healing from one trauma and you’re about to give yourself another!” 
“What the hell was that???” I asked straining my neck to keep them in sight. “And don’t try and fool me either...I know what I saw!!” 
Rosie said nothing until we were inside the warm house and seated at the table. The kettle whistled on the kitchen counter. 
“I have not fooled you at any time”, she replied gently, “it is not in my nature to lie and you need to understand that if we are to trust each other.”
“I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings” I confessed ashamedly. “I’m sorry.” 
She accepted my apology with a flippant wave. “What you saw is a plan we’re hoping to put into place. They will expect you to join them shortly and will tell you what they can. 
“Why did I just see me?” My frustration came out as a long sigh.
“Linny, you are Un-Transitioned, so there’s an awful lot to learn. But, I’ll do my best to explain what I can.”
“Okaaay....what is going on out there...in general terms?” 
“We feel you’ll be in some sort of danger with this next Transition and wish to prepare a way to off-set any unpleasantness.”
I doubted Lonan wanted anything only my blood, but I said nothing. “Is Leri that bad? Or has this something to with Nessan? Maybe it was my spirit that kept me alive, but to be honest, I feel..........” I couldn’t say it outright. Silence hung in the air. I was incapable of finishing what I wanted to say. 
“Let it out, child” she encouraged, “let go of whatever it is you’re holding on to.”
Rosie’s energy tugged at my heart, offering a loving and secure space to speak the truth. But, before I could even consider the present moment, I had to go back to the beginning. “Could all of this have been avoided? At the Transition...you know.....why didn’t anybody think of having any safety devices in place? I mean, if you take a boat out on the water, you wear a life jacket, right? And every time you get behind the wheel, you buckle-up, so why was there nothing to protect an Elderen when they Transition someone???”
“Because they’ve always gone well. The spirit always emerges in the ritual. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever heard of one failing...until now. We don’t know why your spirit didn’t emerge,” she patted my hand soothingly, “but, this time around, measures will be taken to ensure nothing goes awry.”
“Sometimes I think this is all a load of nonsense and I should just walk away and go back to work, to my life.” 
“You can go back, but just not now, or at least not until we know what spirit is in you. Walking away now would cause a lot of problems for you and us.”
“Because The Council’s afraid of me?” 
“Well, it would certainly seem so. That’s why you’re under Ota’s protection.”
“You mean custody.”
She suppressed a smile which made her lips pucker and her eyes glint. “You could have had worse, believe me. Sure, he’s set in his ways and we both know he wouldn’t win Comedian of the Year, but he is very protective toward you.” 
“But that’s it. I don’t need to be in his custody, like this. I could go back home and promise not to move from there. I’d even give up my passport as proof. They could just have one of their people watch my routine comings and goings just in case any Kormushki show up.”
“Doesn’t work that way. And your passport has the same value as kitchen paper in this world.” 
“This world?” I murmured to myself. “Sounds like we’re on another planet.”
“When it comes to our Spirits and how they enhance our human side, it is another world within the one you know.” 
“And are all spirits benevolent?”
Rosie smiled, “let me file that under – will explain post-Transition.”She planted a quick kiss on my hair and tended to the whistling kettle. 
“Do I have powers? And do they smell? What did it feel like when you, Zoon and Jassi drank my energy?” 
“You have very strong powers within you, but they remain unidentified. If they smell, I do not possess the magic to determine that. But I know others have those abilities.”
“So why did you drink it?”
“We took a big risk tasting your energy, but we did it only to learn more about you.” 
“What did you learn?” 
“That your energy is incredibly strong - potentially lethal. We had minute doses and became comatose. Had we consumed anymore, we would have died.”
“Did you want more?” I thought of Lonan addicted to my blood or my energy. And why hadn’t it killed him, if it was so lethal?
“If your energy was to remain in my system, I would get used to the effects or benefits and require more. But after tasting your energy, we took a cleansing potion so we would eliminate all traces within us.” 
Okay, Rosie just admitted I was a walking drug. No wonder Lonan was hooked. “What potion did you take?” 
“It’s not a general recipe. It has to be adapted to the person and their spirit otherwise it won’t work.” She frowned momentarily as if she realized something, “You know someone who needs this potion?” I shrugged, so as not to lie and was thankful she did not insist. “When you are ready to tell me, I’ll prepare one for that person.” 
She worked in silence and my thoughts drifted to the scene I had just witnessed between Lonan, Ota and fake-me. It was strange to say the least, but I felt certain Evaline was the Doppelganger. Lonan had been behind her, holding her hand as if to pull her away from such close proximity to Ota. But Evaline’s hand was on Ota’s chest and there was a look of teasing or gloating about her as she looked up at him. Whatever she said, Ota, for his part, appeared very displeased. His lips were pressed together and he was leaning menacingly toward her.
How was it possible he became exasperated with me even when it wasn’t really me? I usually got along with everyone. Plus he knew I hadn’t killed Nessan, so what I had done to cause him so much frustration was a mystery.
“Scorching Sun” Rosie said with a smile, while placing an Asian tea-pot and cylindrical ceramic tea-cups on the table. “Tea with a twist.” 
“What’s the twist?” 
She poured the steaming hot liquid into my cup. Peering into the orange hued beverage, I lifted it slowly to my lips, taking the first sip cautiously so as not to burn my tongue. 
“Aga,” she gleamed playfully, “nectar for your thirsty spirit.”
“Nectar? How come? And what’s Aga anyway?” I felt suspicious but didn’t know why. Rosie, had been nothing but loving and caring in the very short time I knew her. “I mean is that the volcanic stuff again? And why is my Spirit thirsty?” 
“Aga, is fire for the soul. Think of it as a vitamin boost for your spirit.”
“My spirit needs vitamins?” More things I didn’t understand.
“When we know our spirit, we feed it what it needs. The only thing I know about yours is, your sigils are fire in origin. The tea will help you somewhat.” 
Taking the proffered cup, I took a long sip and felt all the hair stand up on my head while my toes curled in tight. “Sweet Mama!!!!” I gasped. “That’s potent!!”
The tea made its way down my gullet and into every nerve of my body. A sense of wellness, like being held momentarily in a fluffy white cloud and rocked lovingly had me closing my eyes in bliss. When I came back to earth moments later, my cheeks felt flushed and my heart beat rapidly. “Jeez Rosie, I’d say that Aga hit the nail on the head. You’re a whizz!” 
“You know Linny,” her eyes roved my face, her regard turned wistful as her hand lovingly stroked my hair once, “I see in you a little bit of myself and if..if I had had a grandchild.....well I would imagine she would have been a lot like you. She would have had a curious nature, but would have been far from a push-over at the same time. Above all, she would have been unique...like you.” 
I couldn’t help but feel my throat tighten and my eyes water. “That’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me...Rosie,” I gulped, “but I...I don’t feel like I’m anything special. Nothing other than troublesome...and annoying.” 
“Well that’s just a pity. Did you always feel that way?”
Oh God! I didn’t want to step into that particular tar pit. I basically just learned my childhood had been a loveless one, which I hadn’t had time to really reflect on and I was annoying the hell out of Ota. I squirmed uncomfortably, “Just that.....that night inside the orb with Nessan....she changed.”I choked on the ball of emotion in my throat, but Rosie gave me the time to gather myself and listened intently as I explained every detail I hadn’t been able to talk about. I exhaled a shaky sign and said “then I just blacked out.” 
	Rosie patted my palm consolingly.“Did you ask to be part of Nessan’s Transition ritual?” 
I thought back to when Lonan had finished introducing us all at Banba. I remembered how Nessan said to Ota ‘verificare.’ Then she urged me to Transition to free my spirit. I hadn’t wanted any of that and had felt terrified. Even when I tried to leave my path was blocked. “Well, no. I mean, I had never heard of a Transition before, but in the end I agreed to it.”
“But you would have preferred to just go home, correct?”
“Yes. I was feeling quite scared at the time.” Then something occurred to me. “What did Nessan ask of Ota when she said Verificare?”
“She asked him to view your heart, or your intentions. Earlier you spoke of security measures, well that is one, in a way.” 
“Really?” 
“A most unnecessary move, if you ask me. But, that’s just my opinion.” 
“And can he read all my thoughts in this ahm..search?” My mind raced back to that exact moment, but I couldn’t grasp one memory. Everything seemed to evaporate into mist, except the fact that I found him gorgeous. 
“Oh yes.” 
 Rosie must have seen through my embarrassment. “Linny, despite Nessan’s passing, her three companions really are trying to help. Take it, and when you find your spirit, you may want to honour Nessan’s memory in some way.”
“That’s actually a wonderful idea......and I promise to do that.” The opportunity to tell her about Lonan was ripe, but thoughts of him harming my mother or Gwen kept me silent.
Rosie wrapped me in a tight embrace Water brimmed in my eyes as a mix of emotions welled up; delight that I had met such a wonderful person and regret that so much love had been missing from my life.
“Sorry to disturb” Ota said from the kitchen door. “I need Linny in the Cairn.” 
Wiping my cheeks, I left her embrace and made my way wordlessly outside.
Before taking the path to the Cairn, Ota stopped. “Ahm maybe you should change?” His eyes swept across my t-shirt nighty.
Shit! Crossing my arms to cover my breasts, I quickly headed to the caravan and emerged moments later in jeans and a hoody.

Evaline and Lonan were in a heated discussion that stopped abruptly when we arrived. Lonan switched on the charm like there were no vampirism shenanigans going on, while Evaline looked like she was fit to be tied. Once again, I asked myself what made them a couple. She was Eastern Seaboard elegance and he, a Southern man with a sly street sense and a brutal temper. 
“Let’s do this,” Ota announced coach-like. It had the effect of changing the couple’s focus toward him. “I’m going to explain the plan to Linny, so if any of you have anything to say, now is the time to say it.” 
Lonan appeared to be eating his inner jaw skin, but remained silent. He looked like a bag of nerves.  Evaline, had red-rimmed eyes. 
“Alright then,” Ota exclaimed. “We’re executing the plan for the next Transition. Linny, I want you to step into the center of the cairn and face Evaline.” 
Evaline had her back to Lonan and Ota, so only I could see her sadness. Her cheeks were tear-stained, her eyes bloodshot. I went to step closer, but she nodded surreptitiously for me not to approach.  
“Shift, please” Ota called out.
“Shift where? I asked him just as Evaline shuddered and transformed into a clone of me! I literally leapt back in shock, gasping at what had just happened. I mean, yes, I had seen her as me earlier, but to actually witness the transformation was surreal. “Evaline?????” I croaked.  “How did you do that??” 
Evaline turned to Ota in exasperation. “I don’t even know what we can and can’t say anymore!! Some of you are explaining things that are off limits. I just wish you’d all get your shit together!!” Her arms folded tightly across her stomach, but her scowl was directed toward Lonan. 
Ota came and stood between us. “Evaline is a shifter. She can take the form of any human or animal she chooses. We have asked her to pretend to be you at the Transition, as we believe The Council will not change their method despite Nessan’s death.” 
There was so much information in that sentence and I wanted to ask so many questions, but the only one that came to mind was, “does it hurt you to shift, Evaline?” 
“No” she whispered. Lonan paced the border of the Cairn but did not enter it. I didn’t know what his problem was, but he was getting on my last nerve.
“What will happen if you replace me?” 
“Evaline has already Transitioned, so no spirit will emerge. We can make them believe you are a Ciphra” Ota continued “an ordinary human with no spirit.”   
There was something off about this whole scene. Lonan and Evaline were obviously fighting about something and Ota seemed way too cool and pleased with himself. 
“What are the risks for you?” I asked Evaline.
“There are no risks,” she said, but her nervous body language was clearly saying the opposite.   
“Whose idea was this?” My hands fisted my hips as my eyes shot to Ota. Nobody answered. I waited a few moments then repeated my question. “Whose idea was this?” 
“It was mine” Rosie responded coolly as she approached the circle. “There’s no reason to risk you dying at another Transition, so I suggested this and they all accepted. I was not aware an issue had developed.”
“Something’s not right here. Evaline, could you be hurt if we were to go through with this?” 
Lonan and Evaline looked at each other then he walked over to her, stood at her back while wrapping his arms protectively around her waist. His presence seemed to calm her and she laid her hands over his.“When we discussed this plan of action, I didn’t think I could be pregnant, but now I’m almost certain I am. The confirmation could come any minute and once it does there’d be a risk of losing the baby if I shift again.” 
 My eyes widened in surprise “then we won’t even consider it!” Looking to Ota and Rosie, I said “and I cannot believe any of you here would expect Evaline to risk her life for me!! I will meet Leri and go ahead with the Transition.”  
“No!” Ota interjected hotly. “You know what will happen!”
Stifling the fear I felt, I answered with a firm, “yes.” 
“I don’t want you to shift again, babe,” Lonan looked fearful for the first time since we met. He threw me a dirty look, “we are not losing the baby, if we are having one.”
Rosie turned to Evaline and placed a hand over her lower abdomen. “Oh yes, my dear! You have indeed conceived.”Evaline hugged Lonan then Rosie. 
“This makes no sense.” Ota said holding the bridge of his nose. When he finally looked at me, his expression was unreadable. “You’re willing to simply walk to your own death?” 
“What does it matter to you? Aren’t you just fulfilling your contract? Aren’t you just making sure the ‘Hostile’ you spied on gets to The Council?” I didn’t wait for him to respond and headed to the caravan.

Before reaching the door, I was spun around to face an incensed Ota. He was standing incredibly close and angry energy rolled off of him.“We need to talk.” 
He sounded as if he was going to great efforts to remain collected. I nodded then followed him inside. 
Needing to calm down, I took my time making us coffee. A few minutes later, I placed both mugs on the table then sat down, reluctantly. I dreaded hearing what he had to say and braced myself for the worst. “Let’s talk then.” 
Even if he knew what he was going to say, he took his time mulling things over.“We...that is Nessan, myself, Lonan and Evaline are part of a team who monitor energy activity for The Council. We’re gate-keepers of sorts. Every Transitioned person has a distinct energy signature. We look for energy anomalies or intrusions, illegal manifestations etc. We started picking up significant flashes of energy in the Limerick area, but didn’t know what it was or what was causing it.
“We thought it was some form of illegal activity, so Lonan volunteered to come check it out. He could not detect the source at first, but eventually tracked it to Banba. He began to watch the property andconducted surveillance on you and of your visits there. The energy was present only when you entered the property. Because we knew you weren’t Transitioned and we could not identify your energy type, we had Lonan contact you under the guise of buying the house. While you renovated the cottage, it gave us time to study and analyse your energy. I headed surveillance of your comings and goings as well as your activity within the cottage.” 
“So you spied on me??? For an entire month????” 
“It’s not spying per-“
“Then what is it?” I shot back. “In my book, when you look at someone without their knowledge, it’s spying! Not to mention downright creepy!!!” 
I stood up, moved away from the table and paced the living room floor. Now that he admitted it, part of me felt my space had been violated and I shuddered in disbelief. “Why didn’t either you or Lonan tell me the truth back then? I would have told you everything I knew, even if I didn’t understand any of it. I would have tried to help” 
He stood with his arms akimbo, his massive frame taking up the entire kitchen entrance. “We were following protocol until we knew you weren’t a Hostile.” 
“I don’t even know what that means? And surely you could see there was nothing I was doing that was hostile!”  
“In our world a Hostile is someone whose energy is unidentifiable and they are deemed a threat until we can gauge their intentions.”
“So how long did it take for you to see I wasn’t a threat? Did it take you watching me shower, or undress???” My anger was coming through now. My blood boiled at the thoughts of what they had done. 
“We did not watch you shower or undress! What do you think we are? criminals?” 
“I’ll tell you what I think you are! I think you’re dishonest and dishonourable.” My voice was cracking, but I was trying really hard to remain strong. “What kind of man watches a woman in secret??!!” 
A deep growl rumbled from his chest as his hand brushed through his hair. His nostrils flared and I knew my words had touched a nerve. “We hadn’t even intended buying the house, but then you performed a blood vow! Do you have any idea the chaos that caused?”
“What are you talking about? I never performed a blood vow!”
“Let me refresh your memory” his finger snapped making thick tendrils of smoke appear before me and I was transported back to Banba. 
 I watched myself steal away from Lonan as he checked the inside of the house and scurry out into the cold night air, where I dashed to the furthest corner of the field. I rubbed my finger along a jagged rock and watched as thick droplets of blood oozed from the cut.  Kneeling on the dirt, I dabbed a spot to my forehead, my lips and throat before rubbing the blood into the earth.
My eyes shot to Ota. I remembered seeing my father do this exact same ritual one night when I had hid behind the garden shed. He never knew I saw him, but I had felt the power he had conjured.  I returned my gaze to the smoke screen as the sound of my voice repeating the words “blood of mine, to the earth I do give, spirits of Banba,  for you I will live. Share your home with me I plead, accept this offering from my heart it does bleed.”  
I watched in amazement as bright glowing golden lights danced about. Something ahead of me had caught my attention and I peered closer. To my left, a large section of the field was a lush garden where a plethora of fruits and vegetables grew. Another section on the right was a play area for children I had never even given a thought to having. Yet there stood a man, or the form of a man, I could not see clearly, gently pushing a giggling child on a swing. The cottage was brightly painted and renovated to look joyous, cozy, like a little slice of Heaven. It was exactly the home I had envisaged when I first saw Banba
Lonan appeared, startling me with his angry shouts, asking what I had done. I didn’t answer and he shouted some more. While he seemed to make a phone call, I started making my way discreetly toward the car, but he stopped me. When he caught my hand, I doubled over in pain, my fingers rigid with paralysis. I looked into his eyes and screamed as my arm convulsed, but he held on tight.
He didn’t understand what was wrong. I tugged hard to release my hand but hit my head against the wrought iron gate and almost fell, but Lonan picked me up and made off with me across the field. I winced as I saw vomit flying from my mouth. 
I saw myself hold my palm open. It was covered with ugly red blisters which were forming a design I recognized as the sigils.
“Hey” I said turning to look at Ota, “I thought I got that the night I met you at Banba!!”
“Keep looking” Ota advised. 
Dragging my eyes back to the smoke I saw myself ask Lonan what the mark on my hand was, but he just yelled at me to concentrate. He wanted to know if I was a Central or a Curatti. I began sobbing then pushed him away and ran toward the car. Once there, I reversed but stalled. Lonan calmly sat in the passenger seat and I screamed like I was being murdered. He looked at me with pity before saying, “okay Linny. We’re all gonna do this another way tomorrow. You’ll only remember showing me the house and me saying how I liked it very much and would buy it, which you won’t mind, before you drop me you off near the pub where you work.”  His hand reached out, gently stroked my wet cheek and I felt his thumb put a tiny amount of pressure on my neck. I fell into an unknown oblivion.   

The smoke dissipated and I looked wide-eyed at Ota. “Sweet Jesus, I don’t remember any of this!” 
“Lonan wasn’t supposed to intervene that way.” 
“Intervene? You mean he erased that from my mind?”
“Correct.”
“Great! So, what other memories have I had modified?????” 
“That was the only one.” He said this with some tone of apology, but his stance remained unmoving, rigid. 
“Only one? I parroted. “You say that like it’s no big deal, that you could have taken many more! Well, it is a huge deal to me, especially since you’ve asked me to trust you, unquestioningly! But I see trust’s a one way street because as far as you’re concerned, I’m still a Hostile. What’s more, you had me believe you’d never let anything harm me or touch me, yet, all along you spied on me and kept this memory erasing thing from me!!!!!”
Hot anger burst from my core. I stepped in closer, my head only reaching his chest, but I looked him straight in the eye and said “it’ll be a cold day in hell before I ever trust you, Ota Two Moons.”
When I walked toward my room he said “I haven’t gotten to the chaos yet.” 
 I glanced over my shoulder and said, “What? What chaos?” 
“The chaos that followed your blood vow.” He returned to the table and sat waiting for me to join him. I wanted to storm off and slam the bedroom door, but that would have been immature, so I put on my big girl panties and eased myself onto the chair opposite him. 
“After Lonan dropped you off at the bar, he returned to Banba. The energy you created was permeating the entire area, like a beacon from a lighthouse.”
When he didn’t continue, I spread my hands on the table. “Haven’t a clue what you’re on about.”  
“Your light was attracting all kinds of entities, both good and bad, but strangely enough they were entities that don’t usually cross over to our realm. Your energy was like an all-you-can-eat buffet to them and they began fighting for their share. It took four of our control teams hours just to remove them from their feeding frenzy and send them back to where they came from.
“If your energy had been there permanently we would have had an all out war on our hands. When you stopped by the next day and sat on the back porch steps, we were exhausted and anxious that you would do another blood vow and set off another episode.” He chuckled softly, “we were relieved when you fell asleep. It meant we could rest too, although we had two replacement teams on full alert.” 
“But I could have done a blood vow at any time during the renovations.” 
“True, but by then we had a plan in place to intervene immediately and mask the energy.” 
“So, that’s why you still consider me a Hostile? Because of what my energy does?”I felt my shoulders slump. If there had been a freak show in town, I’d be the number one attraction. 
“Linny, I’ve seen your heart.” he said tenderly. “I don’t know how you knew what a blood vow was, much less perform one, but I know there is no malice in you. I just don’t know what your spirit is even capable of doing. That means we have to be careful with you.”
“You mean of me.”
“Of your blood and the energy it holds.” 
“Don’t you mean the effect it has on others?”  
“We’re hoping to find answers to what we don’t understand.”
Nicely deflected response, but that wasn’t going to be sufficient. “So what have you discovered so far?” 
“Pretty much what you know. That the sigils are fire in origin and you’re spirit even in its un-Transitioned form, is stronger than most Transitioned spirits.” 
 “So, everything else is normal?” No smell of power? No blood-lust? 
 “Like I say, we don’t have all the answers right now.”
Politician’s response. “So how come, when I cut my hand for the cleansing ceremony nothing crazy happened?” 
“Some of your energy was dissipated into the air, but Lonan and Evaline cloaked it immediately.” 
“It’s like there’s an elaborate stage production going on around me and I don’t notice a thing. How is that possible?” 
“I have –“
A knock sounded at the door and I went to get up, but Ota was at the entrance in a flash.  Lonan peered inside. “Linny, Evaline’s upset and asking for you. Something about a change of plan on dress shopping??” 
“Oh okay. It must be because of the baby.”
Ota took my hand as I descended the steps. “We’ll talk later, Bia,” he offered softly.
Lonan and I walked back to the house in silence. Once inside the living room, I realized it was a ruse. Evaline had gone to the village with Rosie. Without a word, he produced his dagger, grabbed my wrist, nicked the skin and drank deeply. His eyes remained closed and he even moaned once. His grip was tight giving me no possibility of escape. And even if I did incapacitate him, he was insane enough to carry out his threat and flay those I loved. 
I bit down tears of helplessness and frustration that threatened to spill over, but would not give him the satisfaction of seeing me upset. 
“You’re a fucking pig!!” I spat after he had his fill. He stumbled backwards, falling heavily onto the couch, stoned out of his mind and not hearing a word I said. 
Storming out of the house, I wandered through the fields until I reached the river where Ota’s spirit had merged with me. After removing my shoes, I dipped my feet in the cold water and lay back on the embankment. 
Lonan’s addiction was obviously getting harder for him to control. I couldn’t risk being alone with him again. He had drank maybe half a pint just now, more maybe. But how much blood was he capable of taking? All of it?  
Christ! 
If only I could tell someone. But how would they react? Rosie would make her potion. Ota would probably clobber him. Should I trust him and tell him anyway?  Then again who would he believe, the word of a Hostile in his custody, or that of his known and trusted colleague? 

After returning from the river, I hid where I could, but Lonan was cunning in finding opportunities to take my blood. Twice that day he had fed off me. He used the same small cut on my upper wrist, so there was no obvious evidence of his vampirism. What was worrying was his thirst seemed to take longer to become satiated. He would say things like my blood was a raging fire that set him free, or he felt alive only when he drank my essence. 
UGGGHHHH!
 Putting up any resistance was completely futile. He was so much stronger than me and even gained more strength under the influence.  Still, the blood loss was beginning to make me feel dizzy at times. There was no time to replenish because he was feeding more often on larger amounts. 

At the supper table the following evening, I knew by his demeanour he was trying to get me alone. Something about him felt off, more than usual. I couldn’t pinpoint it exactly, but he felt dangerous, as if he could drink every drop of blood in my system. 
In an effort to thwart Lonan’s plan, I declared Ota and I were on clean-up duty. That earned me several odd looks. I had been distant and quiet since our argument and we hadn’t interacted at all since our last conversation. “You don’t mind, right” I asked hopefully.
“I’ll wash – you dry.” Ota replied with a curve to his lips.
“Works for me” I said trying to hide the relief in my voice. I could feel Lonan’s stare boring through me, but didn’t dare look his way.
“Hey buddy” Lonan said jocularly to Ota, “I’ve got it covered this time. Y’all go on’n chill.”
My heart froze and I was on the verge of dashing away when Evaline took his hand and said “nope. You, Mister, are going to chill with the cooks. Rosie and I earned some chilling of our own.”  
Rosie smiled, “The three of us will avail of a little night cap and a chat in the salon.” Evaline agreed and lead Lonan out by the hand, while Rosie brought up the rear.
Ota and I worked in silence and despite our argument the previous day, I couldn’t have been happier for the safety I felt in his presence. Still, coaxing Ota to do the dishes with me wasn’t a permanent solution to the problem. The only real way out of this mess was to expose Lonan’s behaviour. But if he ever harmed Gwen or Mom, I’d never forgive myself. 
“Hmm reneging on our deal are we?” 
Ota stood with a dripping plate in his hand and an exaggeratedly raised eyebrow that made him appear so playful and goodhearted, I couldn’t help but laugh. “Never” I teased then began drying away. 
We worked in an easy harmony until the place was spotless. He leaned against the counter casually. “Linny, I’m sorry I caused you to be angry. I should have told you what was happening, but, I was under orders -”
“No, I’m the one who’s sorry for accusing you of being dishonourable. That was very wrong of me. You’re nothing like that. I suppose, I was just feeling scared.” 
“I promise to try and make this difficult situation as easy as possible on you and telling you what I can.” 
Thank you. That’d be a great help.” He was folding the tea-towel on the counter and I realized I had no way of getting him to stay around. “Listen, are you going to join the others?”
“Not necessarily. You?”
“No, not at all.” I looked at the floor, embarrassed to ask for what I needed.
“How about we watch a movie back at the caravan?”
That sounded like heaven. “Sure….if you’re okay on skipping horror movies.” I figured I had seen enough horrors for a lifetime. 
He smiled widely. “No spooky stuff – I promise.”  I nodded then went to move away, but his hand caught mine. “Is everything okay? You seem quite anxious”
“Nope” I laughed in a weird exhale then squeezed his hand quickly. “Let’s get the movie going, shall we?”

Once we were settled in, Ota said he was incapable of watching a film without popcorn and hurried back to the cottage to see if Rosie had some. I took the opportunity to put on my pj’s and get cosy on the couch. 
The door opened and I called to Ota, my eyes glued to the remote. “The movie already started.” I looked at the multitude of buttons on the remote control and sighed. “I pressed everything…nothing does pause.”
It was snatched out of my hand and I jerked up to see a maniacal looking Lonan looming over me. Sweat covered his face, his body trembled, and eyes that were not human, glowed yellow. I scrambled back along the couch.
Shiiittt!! Where was Ota???!!!  
The massive hand grabbed my ankle pulling me to him. Instinct took over and I delivered a hard kick to his groin. His body doubled over and I made a mad dash to the door. It was barely five feet away but it may as well have been five miles. 
His hand grabbed my ponytail yanking it back hard. I screamed but he had me on the floor and was on top of me in the blink of an eye. I could barely breathe under his weight and squirmed madly to free myself. My arms flailed punching non-stop, for all the good it did.
The dagger rose above him, the blade glinting against the lamp light. “I’ll be needin’ a tad more tonight, Sweet thing. Your energy is simply irresistible.”
 “Fuck You!!!!” I gasped. Sweat covered every inch of me and my adrenaline was draining fast. I had expended everything between fighting him and trying to breathe. 
“Now, now my little milkshake, you remember what will happen to your Mommy and Gwenny if you screw up!”  Still straddling my hips, he pinned down my right arm. His other knee trapped my left arm to the floor. 
Holy fuck! He weighed a ton!
The blade sliced through the sleeve of my pyjama exposing the skin. An elastic band was pulled around my upper-arm, and pinched painfully tight. Another expert flick of the blade to my inner elbow and warm blood began to flow rapidly. Lonan salivated heavily before savagely grabbing my arm and sucking deeply on the wound. His jaws were a powerful siphoning machine taking greedy gulps at inhuman speed. It felt like he was drinking pints not mouthfuls and given the amount he’d already take, he’d drain me dry in no time. A floaty, sleepy feeling wafted over me and I fought to keep my eyes open. 
Ota came in laden with two huge containers of popcorn saying “okay, I got us butter flavour and caramel flavour -” Shock registered on his face.  He blew a kernel out his mouth, dropped everything then dived at Lonan knocking him clear off of me. A terrible crash and snap of bone followed and I was sure Lonan would be out cold, or dead, but the blood invigorated him and he bounded lightly onto the side of the couch, squatting like a demon. 
“I don’t share, Two Moons.”
“Neither do I, Symbiot.”
Lonan propelled himself off the couch toward Ota, but Ota leaned back out of his reach just as a cry of ‘Duratus!’ rang through the air. 
Rosie stood in the entrance her hands still outstretched from having cast whatever incredible spell used to immobilize Lonan.  He floated to the ground like an errant feather. Evaline dashed past her rushing to his side. “Oh Goddess!! Look at him!!!!”
“He’ll be fine” Rosie soothed. “But we need to get his Symbiot detoxified immediately. When he wakes up, he must not have a drop of Linny’s blood in his system or we will not be able to control him, ever.” 
Approaching me with a soft gaze, she checked the cut on my arm then held her hand over the wound uttering the strange melodic words she used when binding my wrists with the green ribbon before the cleansing. 
“I’m guessing this was not his first taste,’ she asked once the bleeding stopped. I nodded yes, which had the room spinning as if I was doing cartwheels. Did it suddenly get cold in here? My teeth began to chatter and my body trembled.
 “Just as I thought. For Lonan to do this kind of damage, he’d have to be seriously addicted.” 
“I couldn’t stop him....before..I tried...but -.”
“Linny, you did no wrong, here. I’m just sorry you were too scared to tell us.” 
I wanted to say something but couldn’t, nothing would come out.  
“Ota?” Rosie prompted.“Help Linny up. Evaline and I will work on Lonan and get him back to the cottage. I’ll return shortly with some tea to accelerate blood production. In the meantime, keep her warm, she’s in danger of going into shock.”
Rosie seemed to have tea for every possible occasion out there. 
“Okay,” he said scooping me up without hesitation. Just being placed on the couch made me so dizzy, I had to hold onto the cushions to ensure I wasn’t going to topple off.  He gently placed a pillow behind me then turned to Rosie, “where do you want me to place him?” he asked, inclining his head toward Lonan.
“He’ll get himself back to the cottage.” 
“He’ll try to attack her again!” Ota tensed up bracing himself for a fight. Evaline backed away fearfully into the kitchen. 
“He will not be conscious, just mobile.” Placing a hand on Lonan’s rigid shoulder she leaned down and said “Motus.” 
His unconscious body shifted robotically. In jerky movements, he placed his legs on the ground then pushed his back upright before marching stiffly down the steps and out the door. Evaline ran after them, fear and anxiety etched across her features. 
Ota pulled a blanket over me then pulled me onto his lap, but it didn’t seem to abate the deep shivers racking my body. My eyelids began to droop and a drifting sensation enveloped me. I was floating away in what seemed like a little boat sitting on calm waters far from vampiric spirits and all other platitudes ebbing away at my sanity.
The boat carried me to the middle of a large lake where off in the distance was a long lush embankment, surrounded by dense evergreen trees, majestic mountains bordered the other side of the grey waters. I had never visited this place before, but something about it struck me as familiar. Drifting a little closer toward the bank, people waved happily to me. Their forms were indistinct but their shouts of joy to join them were strangely hypnotic. Curious, I began to slowly coast in their direction.  
A voice suddenly began urging me back… “I said stay with me Linny! You are not going to die on my watch, damn it!”
Ota? What was he doing on the lake? And why did he think I was dying? Didn’t he know I was fine and on my way to meet some new people. The boat had stopped moving as I tuned in to his panicked tone. “Fight it, Linny. Stay with me.” A deep growl curled around a threat to kill Lonan, if I died. 
Cheers from the people on the embankment drew my attention back to them and when I waved their shout of joy grew louder and the boat began to move again.
“Okay…..plan B.”
Ota’s tone sounded urgent and I wondered if he ever really relaxed. He was always so uptight. The group of people and their shouts became even more fervent. 
“Rosie!” He exhaled. “Quickly help me remove her clothes. We’re losing her.”
“She’s in shock. He took far more than I thought.”  
If she dies, I’ll carve his goddamn Symbiot out of him!!!”
“It’s not Lonan and you know it. Now focus your energy on her.”
“I’ve been trying! My spirit can’t reach her!” 
“If she’s begun to cross over, I can’t reach her either.” Rosie’s voice seemed resigned.
“Wake her spirit” Ota barked, “whatever it is, it can fight this. It will keep her alive.”
“I cannot and you should know that. The magic binding the spirit can only be awakened by an Elder.”
“She cannot die! I won’t allow it!”
“Why Ota? Aren’t you just her Custodian? Isn’t this just a contract? Or, have you developed feelings for your Hostile, as you call her?”  
The people on the bank continued to urge me forward, but for some reason, I stopped coasting and just bobbed gently without going anywhere.
“Don’t do this now, Sorceress!”
“It is the only thing that will bring her back.”
“Stop it woman! I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. I thought you were the healer here!!!” 
“You know why I have limitations with healing her. This is entirely in your hands. Now, breathe slowly, try giving her your heat while you think,” Rosie proposed.“Put it to the maximum that you can stand.” 
An instant later, I heard the flick of a blade before there was a slight tugging sensation on my clothes then my body felt as if it was tipped out of the boat into the lake’s icy waters. The people on the other side whooped loudly. Their cheers euphoric
“Hang on..almost there,” Ota soothed “almost there”.  Heat, blissful searing heat wrapped around me like a cocoon, slowly thawing the ice cold encasing me and I found myself back inside the little boat and coasting fast. 
“Rosie!” Ota shouted. “There’s a turquoise stone on the buckle of my belt, pass it to me.”
There was some fumbling before I heard Rosie ask, “What will it do?”
“A medicine man of my tribe gave it to me a long time ago, for protection and healing. Essentially it will filtrate into her ethereal body and bring her back to m..it will bring her back.”
“Why are you putting it in your mouth?”
“My saliva activates its energy then I’ll pass the stone into Linny’s mouth.”
After a moment I felt soft lips kiss mine deeply before something slick slipped into my mouth. 
 “Be careful she doesn’t choke on that...” Rosie fussed. 
“Don’t worry, she won’t.” He held me even tighter. 
 The people on the lake’s edge began to move further away, but continued to call out. Then I realized, I was the one reversing away from them. They waved sadly and began to disappear except one who stood there waiting. I knew whoever it was, they would always wait until we met again. 
“I feel her warming up,” he said with a sign of relief. 
“Thank the Spirits” she choked. “I’ll come by later when she’s stronger.”
The lake disappeared and I found myself on the couch again, naked from the waist up and entwined with an equally hard, naked torso. I pushed a large oblong stone out of my mouth and tried to catch it but was wrapped up too tightly in his arms. It fell onto his chest and I looked at him embarrassedly.
“Oops” I said heat flushing my cheeks. 
“You’re back,” Ota smiled removing the stone while planting his lips on my hair. 
His thumb moved gently across my blushing skin. His regard was....loving? That was surely my murky brain playing tricks on me. I knew any kind of romantic sentiment on his part was impossible. Wasn’t it? I was a job to him, nothing more. Still, he had saved my life again and that had me flummoxed. He didn’t need to complicate things for himself. He could have just left me on the lake heading toward whoever those people were? 
Given that my breasts were firmly lodged against his skin, I slipped the blanket under my arms and covered my chest. The last time I was in a situation like this I ended up mauling him. “Can’t kill a bad thing,” I quipped while rising up to create some distance, but the room started to tilt dangerously and I had to lie back down.
 Keeping the cover nestled around me, he pulled a large blanket over us and huddled me in tight once more. “Yes, Linny Harkin” he said with laughter in his voice “your entire being screams ‘bad thing.’” 
I shook my head in disagreement, which had my head spinning wildly again. “I must be! What else would drive a person to addiction like that?”
“Lonan’s Symbiot is an ass, as top-of-the-range ass as you can get. That is who’s addicted to you.”
“What’s a Symbiot and..” then I remembered their censorship around Un-Transitioned. “Uh never mind. “
“Let’s just say, not everyone is happy with their spirit dweller.”
“Is Evaline in any danger with him?”
Ota laughed lightly, “Evaline has an incredible ability of keeping his spirit in check. I don’t know how Lonan would manage without her. Still, it seems his blood addiction to you went right past her radar, which is very strange to say the least.”     
Or was she aware but unable to deny him? That was a question I didn’t feel like asking. “I’ll just put on some clothes.” 
“Give your body a chance to recuperate, you almost died.” 
He was right. I felt as weak as water and the bathroom seemed like a mile away, but I wanted to appear strong. “I’d just prefer to be dressed.”
A few minutes later, I returned wearing a blue knee-length nightshirt. Ota had poured tea into a ceramic mug and I flopped down beside him feeling like I had trekked up a mountain. 
“Here” he said placing the cup in my hands. “it’s for your blood.”
The warm liquid tasted of coconut and sweaty socks. “Aggk” I gagged. 
“Rosie suggested you just knock it back,” Ota urged. And as soon as I did, he refilled my cup, waiting for me to repeat the performance. 
Looking over the ceramic edge, I peered at him and asked “how many Hostile’s have you had assigned to you?”   
If he was surprised at the sudden change of conversation, it didn’t show. In fact he looked, as always, cool and detached. “Some” he answered in a neutral tone. “Why do you ask?”
“Has it been a long time since you had this kind of assignment?”
“Again, why do you ask?” He passed a hand through his hair, clearly feeling discomfort.
I shrugged like it was no big deal and went on. “Were they all male, all female, or a mix?” Yep, he was definitely looking unhappy with this line of questioning. 
“Is there a particular reason you need to know?” 
I deliberately dragged out the answer by finishing off the last of the tea. “Just curious to know if you go to such lengths to keep all your ‘assignments’ alive and well.” 
“You think I’m the kind of man to sit back and watch someone die? Not help them because they’re Hostiles?” 
Looked like I was touching some of his buttons. 
“How many of these assignments have you held naked in your arms, or healed, or carried around if they were hurt? That’s duty? Is it?” I persisted. “Did you trust them enough to transfer your spirit to them?”
A facade of total calm returned, but I could tell he was really bothered with this discussion.“You’d prefer I mistreat you? That I let you be drained of life in front of me?” 
Answering questions with more questions meant deflection in my book. He certainly didn’t want to tell me anything and I was at a loss to know whether this was normal procedure or not. Maybe he had done this sort of thing with countless women before and in the end everyone moved on to other things, unscathed. Well, I wasn’t a moving-on-so-easily type of girl. Not if I let someone in. 
Let someone in? Sweet Jesus, was I letting him in???
That was impossible! Yet, the truth of the matter was, being this close to him, and so consistently was making me feel certain things for him. But what exactly were those feelings? It was hard to say, really, because this was totally new territory. Still, there was no denying each time he held me or touched me, it had felt so good, felt so right, like I belonged there. An image of two puzzle pieces connecting perfectly came to mind. 
A perfect match?  Oh this is bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad! 
“What I’d prefer is –“
 A grave looking Rosie stepped inside and placed a small parcel on the entrance counter before closing the door behind her. “Leri’s here” she said. 
My stomach plummeted. 
“No way!” Ota hissed as he jolted upright. “She’s not up for a Transition now! She was barely alive minutes ago!!!!!!”
Rosie pressed a finger against her lips. “Keep your voice down,” she whispered. They are already suspicious at the amount of magical energy flying about here. So let’s keep it cool. Okay?” 
“What do you mean ‘they’?” Ota whispered. 
“He’s brought several guards with him, all Council sanctioned.” 
His fists clenched before his arms folded across his chest. Adrenaline pumped through him like he was preparing for a fight. “Where’s Lonan and Evaline?” 
Rosie looked from Ota to me and back. “Away.”  
He nodded understanding her cryptic response. “I didn’t know you had a dagger.”
“I didn’t say I had one.”
“Then how – never mind. I’ll go talk to Leri, ask for a delay. Make him listen, so to speak.” 
“You will do no such thing” Rosie chided. “You’ll complicate things. He’s already refusing to discuss anything about the first Transition.”
Standing up and straightening my shoulders to show courage I did not feel, I asked, “when does he want to do this?” 
“Now.”
“No! I said she’s not strong enough to go through with this!!” Ota fizzed while placing me behind him protectively. 
“Ota, I need you back at the cottage” Rosie instructed sharply. “I would like some time alone with Linny.” He went to protest but she shook her head and said, “go, please. We don’t have much time.” 
Ignoring her insistence, Ota turned to face me and held my shoulders. “You won’t be alone, okay? I’ll be at the cairn the entire time.”  
I wanted to tell him it would make no difference once the orb descended, but kept my thoughts to myself. Without another word he left. 
Rosie grabbed the package she brought with her and escorted me to my room. “We’re in damage-control mode” she said hurriedly. “I’ve spent only ten minutes talking to the man and he is a complete and utter moron. What The Council were thinking by sending him is beyond me.” 
Her words sent me into a panic and I started to tremble with fear at my imminent death. “No, no, no, no, no” Rosie reassured me. “We’ll get around this, my sweet Child. I have prepared some things, should you need them.”
On the bed, she placed a beautiful flowing black silk tunic with black leggings and black underwear. Black ballet flats were placed next to a large black and gold chopstick and matching hair comb. A hand written note was inscribed with neat cursive;
say these words just before leaving for the ‘event.’ Use each item as needed. 

In these clothes, my armour is placed 
Flats on my feet, for when I make haste
My stick is a sword for poking and stabbing
The comb in my hair, for hexing and jabbing

“Uhm..thanks Rosie,” I whispered. “Sounds like I’ll be a magical artillery unit, but how do I use them?”
Each item has a spell on it. The clothes are armour. The shoes will make you run faster. The chopstick has a deadly blade in it and the comb contains a repellent of sorts.” 
“Is this really necessary though?”
With a quick peck to my cheek, she grasped my arm and with a tight voice said, “This is not Nessan we’re dealing with. Just do what you feel is necessary. You are strong and will get through this.” 
“Won’t they sense the magic on these?”
“Yes. But it will feel the same as the energy already present.” She left before I could say another word.

Elder Leri was a bald, middle-aged, unassuming man with a body that spoke of many hours behind a desk. One meaty hand held a mega-phone by his side, while the other used a chubby index finger to push round-framed spectacles further along his broad nose. He was currently using them to peer at me more closely. What he saw registered as a mix of revulsion and fear. 
“Honourable Elder Leri,” Rosie called confidently, while shuffling past the six armed guards, “Before commencing, I once again urge you to consider what failed at the last Transition.” 
I truly admired her courage in making a last-ditch effort to explain the potential danger facing all of us, 
“Sorceress,” Leri leaned forward “do not interrupt these proceedings again with your nonsense. I’m on a tight schedule here.”
 Going great so far!
I stood in the exact same spot where the coven had healed me a few nights before, but it was far from the magical wonderland it had been then. No candles or fairy lights adorned the winding garden path. Instead, harsh, glaring spotlights lit up the Cairn. Two council guards flanked Leri, four flanked me. 
Ota and Rosie lined one side of the circular periphery and even though I was grateful for their support, I knew once we were inside that orb, it would be as if they didn’t exist. Still, with Rosie’s stabbing, jabbing and hexing spell made me wonder what Leri was capable of.
Fear of horrors unknown made me tremble visibly. I shot a final fleeting glance at Ota. He stood tall, straight, focused. His dark eyes were set on The Council guards, like an eagle stalking his prey. 
A few minutes earlier, just after Rosie had left me alone to get dressed, I quickly donned the magically-enhanced pseudo-Ninja gear. I exited the caravan and made my way down the garden path, but was suddenly grabbed by the waist and whisked to the rear of the mobile home. Soft black locks whipped my face.
“Ota!” I whispered loudly while trying to calm my racing heart. “God, you scared me!!”
“Sorry, I just need a minute with you, alone.”
He hadn’t let go of my waist yet, so I eased away from his hold.“Okay..but..ahm.. you could’ve come back to the caravan to talk there.” 
He seemed to notice my outfit and took it in with an appreciative sweep. “You are very beautiful, Linny. Like a dangerous ballerina.” 
Too bad I’m dressed for death!!
“Thanks...ahmm Rosie put it all together.”He continued to take in my mouth, my hair, my eyes and had it been any other time, I would have been excited, but right now my mind was on surviving the night. “Was there something you needed?”
“No, no, no, no. I’m fine.” He took my hands in his “you’re as cold as ice again!” 
	 “Just a bit of stage fright. It will pass once I get all scaly and feisty again.”
“LILLY HAIRPIN” a tinny voice bellowed into a mega-speaker. “PROCEED TO THE CEREMONIAL CAIRN IMMEDIATELY.” 
“I think that’s my cue.”
“We can leave right now, if you wish. I can take -”
I knew he wanted to say something more, but couldn’t quite get it out there, which was surprising. Ota did not strike me as a man who couldn’t speak his mind. 
“LILLY HAIRPIN” the tinny voice rang out again “YOUR ARREST IS IMMINENT IF YOU ARE NOT AT THE CAIRN IN TEN SECONDS.”
“I have to do this.”
“Linny, I want you to ask Leri to let my smoke spirit record your words.”
“Why? What will that do?”
“It may give me a chance to stay in the circle with you.”  
“Alright then” I gushed, relived that he may be with me throughout the whole thing. “See you in a minute.” I dashed away before he could say another word, yet knowing in my heart, I probably wouldn’t be around to see anyone. 

“Do you wish to say anything before we commence Miss Hairpin? Although, let me say I advise against any further delays. We’re already one hundred and fifty seven seconds behind schedule. 
He counts in seconds! Yep, not anal at all! 
“Yes, I wish to speak, Elder Leri and I request my words be recorded by the Smoke Spirit of Ota Two Moons.” 
Leri conferred with one of his guards and nodded. With a sharp roll of his eyes he barked, “well get on with it then!!!!.”
Ota stepped in beside me and took my hand. 
“You cannot be inside the Cairn’s perimeter Mr. Two Moons, nor can you have physical contact with the accus...the ahm..Un-Transitioned” Leri interrupted.
“If I connect with her physically, the words can be smoked as they are pronounced. Otherwise the process is much slower.” 
“It is?” I quizzed then felt the almost imperceptible squeeze Ota gave my hand to indicate what, I wasn’t sure.
“Denied!” The Elder declared. “Now remove yourself from this sanctuary or I’ll have you dragged before The Council again.”
Again?
 What had Ota done to merit a visit with The Council? I doubted I’d ever find out. Still, it piqued my curiosity and as I watched his retreating form, I realized how much I would have loved to have gotten to know such a deep, private and guarded man. Sure, he made me mad with his secrets, but fundamentally, he was a good person.
“Are you done verifying Mr. Two Moon’s posterior????!!!!!!” 
My head whipped around as my cheeks flushed deep red. “No...I..I-”
Raising the mega-phone to his lips, my ears were nearly blasted off my head when he roared “THREE HUNDRED AND THIRTY SIX SECONDS LATE!!!!!” 
 “Okay...okay!” I balked my body trembling visibly. “Well ahm just for the record, my name is Linny Harkin as opposed to Lilly Hairpin.” 
“Mmmhhmm. Duly noted!”
“Can I say something?”
He looked down his nose at me before speaking. “Proceed. Quickly!!”
I suddenly blurted, “Look, if you perform this ritual, it’s like you are signing your own death warrant. I -” 
Four guards had weapons pointed at every major artery in my body in a nanosecond. Ota jumped back into the cairn and a potential melee was in the making. 
Leri’s hands shot from the confines of his dark cloak, “CON-STO!!!!!!!” Everybody froze, just like Lonan had in the caravan. 
With a wave of his hands everyone unfroze, but Ota remained poised to attack. “Are you threatening my life, infimus?”He asked with a mad stare.
I didn’t know what infimus meant, but I was guessing it wasn’t a compliment. “I am not threatening you, Elder!!!!!” He looked at me with complete disdain then signalled his guards to stand down. “I’m trying to explain what happened to Elder Nessan. Whatever method you intend using for this Transition, make sure it’s not the one Nessan used, as it will not work.” 
His scoff was meant to insult and succeeded. “There is only one true Elderen method used to Transition all, be it The Veiled, The Symbiots, The Umbras, Centrals and even The Curatti.  You think your Transition should be different?” 
“Yes, Elder, I do because I have seen it with my own eyes and miraculously, survived it. There’s something different within me which does not respond to your technique. If you continue on in the usual way, despite this information one, or both of us, will die.”
“Well my Vermus, I have done my homework and this will be done differently. For one, the orb will cover me, my guards and you. Your smoky friend stays out of our business. Our combined energies will far exceed the energy generated by the Elder Nessan thus extracting your spirit with little more than a pluck. Now, if there are no more inane questions, let us get on with this...this circus.”  
Understanding as to see why his Transitioning career was not stellar became clear. According to Ota, Transitions are traditionally a coming-of-age for every boy and girl. It is a moment to cherish, where ones’ magical path is revealed according to what spirit emerges from within. Each and every ceremony is special, a celebration. I felt sorry for the kids Elder Dreary Transitioned. 
“Guards!” he summoned the six men into a circle. “Cohhhh-nnect!” 
With military precision, all six guards and Leri formed a circle around me, their arms linking in unified power. A rhythmic tribal-like chant began involving wild guttural sounds which raised goose bumps along my skin. Their magical energy felt dark and nothing compared to the love Nessan had created. I watched as an undulating, dome-shaped orb hovered over us and began a slow glide to the ground. Before the opaque veiled closed over, I watched Ota walk away. Rosie reached out to him, but was ignored. 
Great support, Ota!
His sudden retreat gave me the reality check I needed. He was there to ensure I Transitioned in order to attend my trial, nothing more. Mission almost accomplished. How foolish of me to have developed feelings for him. I certainly bought into the exterior beauty although, what I’d seen of the interior was pretty amazing too. Yeah, I fell for the Two Moons charm, as many women surely did. 
Didn’t you just say he was a good man??
He is a good man, but a man who had reached his limits. 
Right then I would have loved to be able to go to Gwen armed with a tub of ice-cream, or litre of vodka and have a good gripe-session. At least that’s how I thought people behaved when they felt the sting of rejection. I never told anyone about my ex, Stuart, I just kept that buried deep down. No ice-cream would fix what happened there. A slamming bolt of pain in my chest snapped me out of my reverie.    
Intense power pulsated throughout the now shrouded sphere and immediately an ominous feeling slithered down my body.  Instinctually, I knew my spirit had woken from its coma.
Holy Crap it felt huge inside me!
‘Host?’
‘Spirit! No time to explain.’ I communicated in thought. ‘Hide, please! They will hurt us again.’ 
The energy quickly rose to a level not felt even when things were at a maximum with Nessan’s ceremony. Intense burning began in my feet. I jolted with the massive push my spirit gave to escape what was to come. Leri would surely begin entering into a trance and who knew how things would go once that point of no return was reached.
The chanting suddenly ceased. Leri’s eyes widened and his expression was one where madness had claimed him. Breaking free from the guards, he descended upon me in three long strides. His plump, sweaty palms clasped either side of my face and pressed on my jaws with crushing strength. Red hot flames licked my calves and the agony increased. His mouth began forming strange words. The evil inherent in what he was creating manifested in the black tar-like substance oozing over the sphere. 
“Vita terminus. Femina, vita terminus…” He spat. 
“What? You’re say-”  
“Life ends,” he somehow translated despite the trance-like state. Woman, life ends.”
He was ending my life!!!
Whatever he said after that became a blur. My spirit clawed desperately at my mind, scrambling to escape. Seconds remained before I’d be back in that boat on the lake waving to whoever those cheerleaders were. 
With one swift motion, I removed the long chopstick from my hair, giving the impression I was simply undoing my up-do while leaving the comb wedged into a place above my right ear. My legs felt they were being charred from the inside out and I could barely breathe. Even though Leri’s eyes were open, the trance-like energy of conjuring a spell to end my life had carried his murderous mind elsewhere. I had other plans. 
Throwing the chopstick up to the orb’s centre, I watched it transform from a hair accessory to a long serrated dagger. It lodged deeply into the roof and about two feet off centre. My eyes were pulled away from the fast-travelling cracks spreading over the orb to the severe cramps contorting my fingers. Sigils sizzled through the skin on both my palms just as a deafening explosion of tarred glass erupted. 
As if in slow motion, millions of jagged projectiles flew through the air. Tearing Leri’s fingers from my face, I shot to the ground cradling my head with my arms as the shards embedded themselves everywhere. Leri, who broke from his trance, hit the ground beside me whipping his cloak protectively over his entire body.
 Seconds later as I stumbled upright, bloody and cut, so did Leri. A look of sheer madness etched across his features. My eyes scanned the cairn searching desperately for Rosie and the others, but a thick fog obscured the entire space. 
“You’ve ruined everything! You stupid lowlife!” 
He dragged me closer then pressed harder against my temples. He uttered two words and my body became paralyzed from the waist down. Rosie’s spell rang through my mind and I wondered why I bothered reciting it at all because there definitely wasn’t any armour covering me. The silk top was nothing but that, a silk top. And forget about making haste with my flats, I wasn’t even able to stand. 
‘Use the sigils, Host. Use them now on the Elder! Your hands burn and will burn another.
‘But I ....can’t. I can’t kill someone.’ 
‘Step aside!’
My ability to control the situation seemed lost as Spirit took over. I saw both my hands rising to either side of his head before clamping down hard on his ears. The high–pitched screams filled the night air as he thrashed to escape my hold, but my hands held a strength I knew was not mine. A loud pop was followed by a symphony of blood, bone and brain exploding onto me. A thick cloud of smoke suddenly enveloped me rendering everything black. It was with the thought that I was now truly a murderer that I fell into an inky oblivion.     



Chapter 7

I opened my eyes and bolted upright immediately as the memory of Leri’s exploding head came to mind. 
Big mistake! 
White lights of pain burst before me and I dry heaved until it passed and I could ease back into a prone position. After a few deep breaths, I took stock of my immediate environment. A soft pillow cradled my head, beneath me was a thick blanket of sorts, but I was on a hard surface. Another thicker blanket covered me. The peaty smell of burning turf and the warmth coming from my right side told me I was very close to a fire. Turning slowly, I saw the warm glow of a cosy hearth and momentarily wondered, if Rosie had set me up on her living room floor. 
An image of gore flashed and I covered my face in shame. Leri! God, he died a horrible death and at my hands – literally. The explosion from the orb felt massive. Were others injured? I groaned in despair at how things had turned out. 
Whatever about Nessan’s demise, there was nothing accidental about Leri’s death. He had been intent on murdering me, of that I was sure, and my spirit decided things would end differently. What happened afterward? Had Rosie brought me inside from the Cairn? And what state had my spirit been in? After Nessan’s ceremony I was near death’s door, but this time I felt no shakes or fever. If anything, I seemed well enough. 
Sitting up very gradually, I recognized the sun-filled room as the kitchen in Banba, but had no idea how or when I arrived. This passing out business was beginning to get on my nerves. I wouldn’t call myself a pillar of strength but I wasn’t a marshmallow either. Still, you wouldn’t know that based on the amount of times I had lost consciousness lately.
Glancing down at my body, I saw I was wearing a man’s black shirt and nothing else.
 Holy Beanz! Who had stripped me???
Planting my nose on the collar I smelled only a crisp fresh soapy scent, typical of clothes that have been dried in the sun. Not a familiar smell. Many questions came to mind, but the only way to find answers was to get up. 
“Ah good!!” Rosie’s voice startled me as she came through the kitchen door. “You’re back amongst the living.”
“Why? Was I dead?” 
“As good as, I’m afraid.” Rosie’s beautiful hair was tied loosely at the back. Her grey silky flowing tunic gave her a truly angelic aura. I often wondered why someone so beautiful both in mind and body was alone in life. “Still, you made it back to us” she said fondly while patting my hand lightly. “But there is much to do and we need to get you ready.”
“Ready? For what? How long was I out?”
“Four days.”
“That long!!” 
“Indeed,” she answered while making her way down the hall to the living room. “And it was touch and go a few times as to whether you would recover at all.” 
“Why? Was it like when I arrived at your house the first time?”
“Much worse I’m afraid. The coven had to perform the ritual for seven hours before your spirit finally rested. By then, we believed exhaustion would kill you, but your heart-beat kept on ticking, even if it was as weak as a wafer.”
“Ahm..was there a cleansing again?”
“Yes dear. And Ota helped, as before.” 
“Ota washed me!!!! AGAIN!???” My voice had risen so high I sounded like helium had been inhaled. “I...I thought he left. I saw him walk away and assumed he was satisfied that I’d go to trial. And why don’t I remember any of this!?????”
Rosie shook her head, “So he saw you naked? It’s not the first time. And you can bet a man like him is quite familiar with the female body. Plus, you don’t remember anything because your spirit put you into a coma of sorts.” 
My cheeks burned just visualizing being naked in the shower with him. “Was there any damage?” Oh God, did I really hurt him this time.
“He’s fine, now, and, well my bathroom needed remodelling anyway.”
“Oh God!!! I’m so sorry Rosie. I will pay for it, completely.” I must have really done a number on Ota. 
“Don’t think on it. Still it’s a good job he’s strong because even he had trouble washing Leri’s sludge off you.”
“I killed him, but didn’t want to Rosie, I swear! This power took over me-” 
“It was self-defence, plain and simple. The Council will see it that way too.”
“So there’ll be another trial?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so. Council rules.”
“Was anyone else injured when the orb exploded?”
“It was messy, but manageable.”
“That kind of sounds very edited.”
“Nothing you need worry about, child.”
“When did we arrive in Banba?”
“Last night.”
I wanted to know if ‘we’ included just the two of us, or if other parties were about, but was too embarrassed to ask because she’d know I was really referring to Ota.  After checking her watch, she grabbed a few items scattered about the living room, placed them into a large straw bag then turned to me. Her hand caressed my cheek gently and she smiled widely, “all will be well, sweet child.”
“You’re leaving?” I gasped.“Like, right now?” Why did I feel like a five year old being abandoned at a train station?
“I’m afraid so, but the others know what to do. I’ve left some teas and remedies, if needed. Now, whatever you do, don’t go outside. We’ll need to hide you until we can find someone to Transition your spirit correctly. The research has already started, but we don’t have much to work on other than the fire sigils.....and, according to Ota, your spirit is stronger than ten grizzly bears combined.” With a wry smile and a gentle shake of her head, she said, “who would have thought such a small vessel as yourself could hold something so formidable.”
“Rosie......” a tight fat lump sat in my throat, “I think I’m evil. I mean Leri...”
“- tried to kill you,” she finished for me. “And you’re alive today because your spirit fought for you. Now why Leri went psychotic, I don’t know, but hopefully the research will produce some answers. So don’t fret child, okay? Now, I must get going.” 
With a quick nod I pressed my lips together fighting back the tears. Rosie pulled me in for a brief, but loving hug, then was out the door in a flurry of grey silk. 

I returned to the kitchen and began folding away the makeshift bed. Heat from the fire had made the room uncomfortably warm and I opened the kitchen door to allow in some fresh air. The warning I’d been given was not to go outside, so, pulling the shirt down low under my bum, I sat on the threshold, stretched my legs onto the wooden deck and soaked in the late setting sun, while relishing the fresh air. The wind was picking up and dark clouds hung in the distance promising heavy rain.
My eyes followed the endless rolling fields and I thought how strange it felt being so near my own home, yet so far. I could take a chance and try to contact Gwen and my mother, but God only knows what kind of trouble I would bring on those who risked so much to keep me safe. I might add that they were the same ones who brought me into this trouble to begin with, but I’d keep that argument to myself.
So where to from here? I wondered dejectedly. And with whom?
A burning piece of wood became dislodged from the fire and fell onto the hearth. I dashed over, grabbed a wrought iron tongs and returned it to the flames. When I turned around Ota stood staring at me, all of me. He was sporting a swollen, bruised cheek and a deep cut to his lower lip, but it didn’t take from his beauty. 
“You’re hurt.” I stated the obvious, but winced at the dark bruising. “Did I do that to you?”I whispered in shame. I caught myself reaching up to touch his face but dropped my hand. 
“I had a difference of opinion with a feisty fire spirit,” he responded while smiling.   
Placing some loose hair behind my ear shyly, I said “I’m surprised you haven’t returned home yet. Isn’t your family missing you?”
“Are you Transitioned, Linny?” His voice held a deep, sultry tone, not angry, or frustrated as I expected.
“Why? Need someone taken out?”
 It was meant to be a joke, but somehow he saw beyond the shield of humour to the horrendous guilt and regret I was harbouring. With a shake of his head, he pulled me into his arms and held me tight. “Everything will be okay, Bia.”
His black, long-sleeved t-shirt smelled of soapy freshness with a hint of musk and I knew who had donated the shirt. The taut muscles of his arms and chest beneath the soft cotton provided soothing comfort from the insanity.  
My inner voice provided a reality check by pointing out that this was nothing more than a pity hug. Why else would a man, who surely had super-models falling off their seven-inch stilettos, hold me, if it wasn’t because he felt sorry for my misfortune?
Moving out of such close proximity, I smiled and nodded, “I know and I’m fine. Really. I’m fine. I am.”
Face. Aching. From. Smiling. Too. Hard.
A fleeting smile revealed he didn’t believe me for a second.  “I took the liberty of going to your apartment last night and picking up some clothes.”
“You did??” That didn’t sound right. “But how come? Did you see Gwen? Or more importantly, did she see you?” 
“Your friend was working and did not see me. And I went because you’ve been wearing other people’s clothes for several days now. I thought you would appreciate being in your own things.”
“Yes...absolutely. Thank you for going to that trouble.” 
“Then I will ask you to change and prepare for a journey. The bag is in the bedroom at the end of the hall. Pack essentials. Wear layers to keep warm. And hurry, we need to leave as soon as the others are ready.” 
“A journey? Where? With Lonan and Evaline?” 
“To a place we’ll get answers.”
The conversation ended when he left through the kitchen door, walked out into the middle of the field and looked up at the evening sky. I wasn’t sure what interest the setting sun held, but it was obviously important as he stretched his arms upward reverently. His hands seemed to hold an object, though there was none that I could see. With closed eyes, he lifted his head to the heavens then turned clockwise seven times. This was almost the same ritual as the one we did by the river. It was clearly a private moment and I was peering in like a voyeur, which was exactly what I had accused him of doing to me while renovating Banba. But his ritual was riveting and I wished I could hear his prayer. 
There was a sincerity and sense of honour in his actions, something I had never seen any time I went to church. My parents had sent me to Catholic school, but quickly realized that attending mass and other religious duties was not agreeing with me, so they had me transferred me to the only secular school in the city. Worked out much better for everyone, too. Ota started to make his way back to the house, so I dashed to the bedroom to change. 

Two things worried me as I stood in the hallway ten minutes later, carry-on bag in hand. My final destination was a mystery and judging from the amount of clothes Ota had brought from my apartment, the length of time I’d be away wasn’t measuring up to a few days. If anything, one would swear I had moved into Banba.
Clearly, lack of information was behind both points of contention and the person with the answers was just emerging from the kitchen. 
“That’s not enough layers, Linny” he announced in a matter-of-fact tone.  
“Really?” I looked down at my navy jeans, black knee-length suede boots, white, silk blouse and black leather jacket, plus I had a camisole on under the blouse, so I counted three layers. If that wasn’t enough, where were we going that required being togged out in even warmer gear? 
“The boots will do” he added, “but you’ll need better outer wear.” 
“Like what?”
“Like a winter coat, gloves and a scarf. And you’ll need to put them on over what you’re already wearing.”
With his hand placed low on my back, he led me back into the bedroom, while rolling my bag along behind him. 
“Ota, I think it’s fair to say, I’m missing some details here. I don’t know where I’m going, or who I’m going with, and....hey, why are you emptying my bag?”
The carry-on was open on the floor and he was taking select items out -underwear included-and placing them on the bed. From the closet, he grabbed my large cross-over hippy bag, selected a few clothes on the bed then zipped it shut. “This is all the weight you’re allowed. Now we need to get moving.”
He was heading to the hallway when I called exasperatedly, “Ota Two Moons!” It came out louder than I meant, but I had reached my limit on this need-to-know attitude. He turned around to see a fisted hand on my hip and my patience waning. “I need answers.” 
A booming laugh came from the bedroom beside mine. Ota closed his eyes and rubbed his lids with a thumb and forefinger. 
“Is that Lonan?” I asked. “He’s here with Evaline?” Fear shot through me. 
Before Ota could answer, a young man of about eighteen appeared in the doorway. A fountain of chocolate curly hair dipped low over his shoulders. His skin was pale, unlike Ota’s and his dark chocolate eyes were wide and smiling. Huge dimples peppered both cheeks making him appear even younger. He was a head shorter than Ota and for some reason the word cute puppy seemed to define him. “Trouble in paradise?” he quipped. 
I glanced at Ota, who sighed heavily then introduced us. “Linny, this is Skah Raincloud. Skah, Linny Harkin.”
 My hand extended to take his, but his eyes suddenly widened as they shot between Ota and myself, twice. “Wohhh, Dude!,” he exclaimed in awe. “When did this happen?? I thought......”
“Enough!!!” Ota growled menacingly and shoved Skah out of the room. I followed them to ensure Skah didn’t get hurt for whatever he had done to irk Ota. 
“Hey man....” Skah protested laughingly, “I’ll shut-up, okay!! I promise” Ota still held a fistful of the youth’s sweater, as if he didn’t trust him.
“Ota, that’s very rude,” I scowled trying to insert myself between them.
A massive man emerged from the third bedroom. He was incredibly tall!“Keep yer damn panties on,” he grumbled while stumbling toward us. 
Long, silky black hair separated down the middle, partially hid a face that had aged like a hard-partying rock star. Dark shades covered his eyes and his clean shaven face was set in a grim expression. Protruding from his open black leather jacket was a turquoise tee-shirt that covered a rotund belly. His fingers held so many rings I could not count them, but they were all silver and held various sized turquoise stones. Black pants and black boots completed the impressive ensemble. 
“What’s the kid gone’un done now?” He lightly pushed Ota away while pulling Skah toward him protectively. I liked this man immediately. 
“What do you think?” Ota fumed.
The big man shook Skah affectionately, “shootin’ yer mouth off again?”
Skah’s dimples deepened with a wide smile.“Almost. But I swear ..I didn’t say nothin” 
“Ota, man...,” The towering figure said coolly “kid’s only callin’ it as he sees it. Chill ‘mkay.”
“I did not ask for his input.” 
“Fair ‘nough. He won’t say nothin’ no more.” Then turning to Skah, he said, as a parent to a child, “gotta shut yer trap, kid, ‘specially ‘when Two Moons is on the job. Got it?”
“Sorry” Skah offered to Ota and then me. 
I smiled and shrugged, “You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Ota stormed off to the kitchen and the big man slapped a huge palm on my shoulder keeling me off balance momentarily. “I’m Kangee Raincloud. Skah’s my brother.” 
If Ota was about six foot five, then Kangee had to be close to seven feet tall. I wouldn’t worry about Skah’s safety while his brother was about. “Hi, I’m Linny.” My hand extended and he took it gently. “Pleased to meet you both.”
“So you’re our cargo for tonight?” 
“Cargo?” 
“Yes, she is,” Ota called from the kitchen, “and we need to be leaving now.”
Kangee nodded, “I’d say now’d be a good time to get yer outhouse business done ‘cause it’s gonna be a while b’fore we’ll all be stoppin’ again.”
Fortunately there were two bathrooms available, so it wasn’t long before we all had toilet breaks and met outside.  As Ota locked up, I looked around for their car, but there was no sign of one. Thinking the path became muddied over and they couldn’t get through, I started for the gate. “Wrong way” Skah said taking my arm and leading me toward the field at the rear of the house. 
“You’re parked in the field?”
Kangee, who was leading the way stopped in his tracks and rounded on Ota. “You didn’t tell her a goddamn thing, didja?”
“How could I tell her? She’s been out for four days!” 
“That may be, but she’s been awake long ‘nough for you to bring’ her up to speed.”
“Ota, what’s going on? What aren’t you telling me?”
He looked uncomfortable and I suddenly became very scared. The trust built with him began to dissipate. I was standing in a field with three men, two of whom were complete strangers and the third I’d known for barely a week, which sounded like the opening scene of one of those real-life crime shows. Sure, we may have been through a lot, but that didn’t mean I knew what his real intentions were, or what he was planning. Lonan had been sweet to begin with and look how he changed. Plus, there was that whole memory fudging thing they could do. Who’s to say they wouldn’t do it again.  “Where’s Rosie and Evaline?” 
“Lonan is in detox and Rosie’s staying with Evaline.”
“So, he’s recovering?” 
“We can discuss that later. Right now, we need to get out of here.”
“Look, someone better tell me what’s going on because it doesn’t look like we’re taking a car, train or plane anywhere?” I tried to keep the tremble out of my voice, but didn’t succeed. 
“Don’t be afraid, Linny.” Ota approached me cautiously, as I began backing away. “I promised I would not hurt you and I need for you to believe me, to trust me.”
“The same way you trusted me with your smoke spirit?” I replied breathlessly. “There’s a serious lack of information going on here.” 
“I’ll explain everything. You have my word.” He stopped walking, laid a hand on his heart to show his sincerity then I bolted for the gate. I even threw my hippy bag behind me to create an obstacle of kinds. Ridiculous, I know, but I wasn’t thinking rationally. 
Kangee swore aloud, Ota shouted for Skah to stay put. I had covered no more than twenty feet when I was grabbed around the waist and lifted off the ground. 
“Linny...listen to me,” Ota commanded. I thrashed, kicked, spat, cursed, punched and screamed at the top of my lungs. When my energy was spent, I went limp and he carried me to the front of the house, away from the others. 
“Let me go!” I was trembling all over.
“Calm down!” He was not in the least bit breathless or showing any signs of exertion. Just proved how adept I was at defending myself without my spirit throwing the punches. “We need to talk.”
He set me on the first of the four stone steps leading to the front door, but sat close enough that our legs touched. 
“When I say I give you my word, that’s not something to take lightly. My word is my honour as a Sioux man. If I break my word, then I dishonour myself and The Great Sprit. Now will you listen?”
I nodded and he took that as the only response he would get. “After Leri’s death, The Council issued a bounty for your capture.”
“A bounty? Like a price on my head?”
“You’re going to have to let me finish.” He paused for a moment letting the silence grow before continuing. 
“Sorry.” 
“Yes, there is a price for your capture, but coin has no value for us. Power, specifically magical power, is where true wealth lies. The higher the power offered, the more hunters will come looking for you to reap that reward. And believe me, they’ve come.”
“Here?” I gasped looking around, my eyes wide with fear.  
“Rosie placed strong wards around the grounds while you recuperated. It took longer than anticipated for you to awaken. Gave the hunters sufficient time to trace you. The Kormushki are also here, by the way. So, as soon as the wards fall, it will be open season on you.”
“What do I need to do?” 
“Just stay close to me and do exactly as I say. Kangee, Skah and I will take you to a secure location while we figure out how you can Transition safely. Then, I believe The Council should be contacted, but not until then. They don’t seem to understand they’re killing you in the process.”
 “Where is this safe place and how will we get there?”
“It’s in the United States. We will travel there by Ley-line.” 
“Ley Line? I’ve never heard of that airline before.”
His shoulders shook as if containing a big laugh and it took him a long moment to be able to talk again. “It’s not an airline. There are invisible energy lines across the entire world and we use this energy as a means of transportation. 
“Invisible lines!!You’re joking, right?” 
“Not at all.” 
I was literally speechless. What he just said made no sense whatsoever. Weren’t people considered deranged for saying things like that? Still in the past week, I had seen my share of strange things. But travelling on an invisible line?
“And this actually works? I mean, it’s used in your world all the time?”
“Of course.”
“And you’ve done this energy travelling too?” And lived to tell the tale?
“I monitor activity on it as part of my job. You could say I know pretty much whatever there is to know about Ley energy.”
“Can you explain that, but in normal terms. Don’t use mathematical equations or go science-guy on me.”
“Okay” he bunched his lips in a side smile. “Ley power carries you from one energy point to another. But, a bit like an aircraft, not all lines go from your point of departure to your destination, so connections are needed. Sometimes those connections can be quite a distance from the intended arrival area. Research has been going on for a very long time to try and find a way to manipulate that energy so we can travel to the exact destination.  And therein lies the crux of the problems you’ve been experiencing.”
“The problems? You mean with my Transitioning?”
“Exactly.”
“How does this energy tie into my Transition problems?”
“When I said we monitor energy, I meant specifically Ley energy. The chaos your blood created, you remember we spoke about this the other day?”
“Yeah, there were extra teams to control little beings from another realm.” I shook my head in disbelief. 
“The energy you created was new Ley energy. This has never happened before and we realized there and then how very unique your gift was. I mean it’s the answer to travel problems that have been so sought after. Yet it makes you extremely vulnerable to anyone wanting to exploit that ability.”
“Rosie said she didn’t know what my energy was, but you knew all along it was Ley energy? Why didn’t you say something?”
“I told Rosie everything. The Ley energy you produced is like your sigils, part of something we don’t fully understand. We can recognize the parts but not the whole.”
“And Lonan was addicted to Ley energy?”
“We’re still working out what he’s reacting to, exactly.”
“Okay, so technically I’m like some sort of energy bomb that creates all sorts of havoc?”
“Bomb maybe isn’t the right term.”
“I.E.D. then?” I didn’t wait for him to respond. “Brings new meaning to the expression - She’s the Bomb.” He didn’t laugh, so I continued, “that’s why The Council didn’t want to meet me. They’re afraid I’ll hurt them or other people.” 
“As a rule, they’re not the most adventurous of groups.”
“And yet they had no problem sticking you with this task?” I exhaled loudly. “God, what did you do to deserve that?”
“This is my job, I wouldn’t be happier doing anything else.” 
“How come you’re not afraid? You don’t know what kind of damage I could do to innocent people.”  Looking away, I said “or to you.”
He leaned his hands back behind him and smiled. I suddenly realized I was basically glued to his side and went to move away, but he reached around and held my hip. His touch sent shivers down my spine. 
“You’re wrong, if you think I fear you?” His eyes held mine, “you’re like a bright new star in the sky, filling us with wonder, as we watch you evolve.” He suddenly seemed uncomfortable by that confession and glanced away momentarily. 
It was taking every ounce of control not to reach out and kiss his succulent lips, but I remembered those seven inch stiletto heeled models and hid away my desire. 
“If you knew so much about me, why did you still need to do the Verificare thing that night at Banba?”
His eyes shifted to my lips and remained there for a long moment before he spoke. “Nessan needed to validate your intentions as all my observations of you had been made remotely. We needed my smoke spirit to reveal your plan, if there was one. A sort of last line of defence, if you will.”
“How does that work?” I only remembered feeling dazed and blabbing stuff despite myself.
“I look for deception, intent to harm, threats. With you, I saw you were innocent, a danger to nobody. But not knowing what your spirit entity was made us wary. At the same time we saw how trusting you were. Vulnerable too.”
“Vulnerable? How?”
“Lonan kissed you. I did not like that.” A faint growl came from his chest.
He didn’t like that? Why? 
“Why?” I croaked and cleared my throat “It wasn’t like it meant anything – to either of us.”
“Because that’s when he first tasted your power. His addiction started that day. If one of ours could become corrupt just like that, we knew we had a problem.”
“I’m completely lost. I thought he was addicted to my blood.”
“You cannot wield power on a level such as yours and not have it permeate your skin, your touch, your taste. To exchange, without permission, is considered a breach of security.”
“It was only a kiss!”
“Do all the men you kiss mean so little to you?”
All the men? Clearly he never spent a Saturday night with me.
“He kissed me.”  Did he see everything in his smoky re-enactment thingy?
Ota smiled completely transforming his face to one where the sun spirit danced within him. My gaze lingered on his eyes and I asked a question while hopefully hiding my awkwardness. “Ahm...what about when we kissed?” I was thinking of the healing/mauling session, when he transferred his spirit and then just before he slipped the stone into my mouth. “Was that not dangerous for you too?”
“I covered my energy, created a barrier, if you wish. That helped prevent me experiencing any negative effects.”
So to kiss me, he had to put on the equivalent of a condom. Great! “But after I’m Transitioned, will it be safe for someone to kiss me?”
“You can be kissed and much more at any time, Linny. You just have to veil your power, that’s all.”
“How can I veil something I’m not even aware of?”
“With practice.”
“I’ve to practice kissing?”
“Interesting” he said with a hungry smile “......but no, practice masking your power.”
“How do I do that?”
“C’mon man!!!” Skah called as he peered around the side of the house. “We got some crazies tryin’ to smash through the wards.”
“Okay!” Ota replied. Then turning to me, said“ I will show you another day, but first I need you to do something.” 
He stood up, took my hands and pulled me upright. Keeping my hands in his, he held them to his chest. I looked up into his dark eyes and marvelled as the wind whipped his hair about. Strands mingled with my own blond waves, like a meeting of yin and yang. “I want you to understand that when I say I will never, ever hurt you, that you trust me on that, at least, if nothing else.”
I believed he would never hurt me, physically. He had shown that consistently since we met. Deception however was highly probable. So trusting in him would be hard to achieve unless he spilled the beans on all the secrecy around everything he did.“Okay then, I’ll keep that in mind.” 
“Hhhmmmm. Not an outright yes” he grinned, as he motioned me forward.  “But I figure that’s as good as I’ll get right now.” 
When we rounded the corner, Kangee was building a wide wall with smoke generated from his hands and Skah followed closely talking lowly. They appeared relieved as we approached. I noticed my hippy bag had been recuperated and sat between their feet. 
“Alrigh’, alrigh’” Kangee clapped briefly. “Y’all ready to move on out? S’gettin loco out there.”
“How do we do this?” I whispered to Ota.
“When I give you the signal, I’ll make a cut in your hand. Once the blood penetrates the ground, and the earth accepts it, the Ley line will appear. That will make the protective wards drop and we’ll have seconds before the hunters spot us and try to capture us. So follow every word I say. Okay?”
“Okay.” My stomach clenched with nerves but I hid it behind a stoic mask even Ota would be proud of. 
“Now, we’re going to form a rope of smoke which we’ll tie around all of us to ensure we stay securely fastened. Nobody breaks formation for the duration of the trip, no matter what happens.”
“Will the hunters chase us on this Ley line?”
“The truly committed will, but we’ll mask the line as we travel. We should lose them pretty quickly.”
“What about those teams you had in place the last time? Won’t the energy make things go chaotic again?”
 “This isn’t a Council-sanctioned operation. It’s just us.”
“I smell Bogies!” Skah whispered. 
“Other-Realm entities” Ota explained. “But we’ll manage.” 
Really? Then why was his jaw rigid with stress? Something smelled of Bogie bull-shit. 
“When we get to Buffalo we’ll be transferring to an established line, so it may get sticky with Council guards.”
“Buffalo? Like Buffalo, New York?!” The stoic mask slid off my face like butter on a hot pancake and was replaced with a hanging jaw and sky high eyebrows. 
“Bia, we talked about going to the United States. Remember? That’s a trans Atlantic crossing on a Ley-Line?”
“Yeah, but........but.....” My breath came in short, rapid gasps. 
Ota placed large hands firmly on my shoulders. “Remember...just trust me, okay? I know it seems crazy to even conceive of this, but we’ll be fine.” 
Fine???‘Fine’ didn’t give me the kind of reassurance to get me to hop onto an energy bar and fly over the world’s second largest body of water. That geographical fact was surely resurrected from my memory just to scare the bejesus out of me even more. 
“Linny, breathe!” he gave me a slight shake. Spots began to dance in front of my eyes.”
“Man, she’s getting into respiratory trouble there.” Skah said as he stepped in beside Ota. “C’mon Linny, gotta get in some deep breaths there, gurl.” 
Like a symphony conductor, Skah caught my attention and began to inhale deeply urging me to follow along then exhaled a long and slow breath. “Good,” he smiled, his dimples deepening into bundles of sweetness. “Now, let’s keep this rhythm going.” 
 Once the panic attack was under control, I noticed how antsy they all were to leave. “How long does it take to get there?”
Please tell me ten seconds, please tell me ten seconds.
“Only two hours, it’s really fast.” Why did I feel there was a ‘but’ in there? “But remember, your energy drains for each minute spent on a Ley line. So when you get to your destination, you may appear slightly inebriated – nothing more. We just sleep it off and it passes.”
“Great! I’ll be drunk and out of line. Haw haw. Get it? Out of line?” My laugh came out sounding like a hyena screeching. They had reason to look worried.  
“Skah” Ota called, “be ready once the wards fall.” 
“Sure thing, Boss.” 
“Kangee?” 
The hulking form broke into a bluesy song.“Ah knows, Ah knows, Ah knows whadd-ahs gottaaaahhhh doooooh!”
Kangee, Skah and Ota began to conjure a smoke-rope that I can only describe as lifelike and massive enough to harness an ocean liner. Kangee sat on the ground his back to the rear of the house and Skah sat behind him. Ota motioned for me to sit behind Skah before he nestled in tight behind me. Images of being on a Banana boat came to mind. Still, having my butt smack dab between Ota’s legs felt oddly nice and I had to stop myself from holding onto his thighs.
Yep! Going from panic attacks to thigh-rubbing. My emotions were all over the place, sign of mental instability for sure.  
The rope snaked upwards before weaving around our bodies, intertwining opposite ends at such a rapid pace I didn’t know where either end was. Satisfied that we were secured, Ota’s arms came around me, reaching down he took my hand then held out my left index finger. From his other hand appeared a huge dagger. 
“Ready?” He whispered against my ear sending shivers down my spine. I nodded and a sharp flick sliced into my skin. Blood oozed rapidly onto the soft earth before sinking into its moist folds. 
A multitude of things happened at the same time, all as if in slow-motion. Something jolted us violently, like the snap from a huge elastic band. 
“Wards are down!!! Ota shouted.
The seemingly deserted area became surrounded with hundreds of strange looking people. Fire torches encircled the field. Tribal warriors brandishing fearsome swords mingled with commando-style men, while others looked like they took a wrong turn on their way to the office. No matter how varied their appearance, they all had the same goal, to attack. Ota had been right, the cloaked figure of the Kuru woman stood ahead of everyone else. Spotting me her black forked tongue slithered out momentarily.
Why weren’t we moving!!!! 
Shrill voices rang out into the night air like wild battle cries, fierce and hungry for victory. Ota’s arm hooked around my waist, holding me in a vice-like grip. Purple mini comet-like streaks whizzed past us. Skah sent bolts of lustrous orbs from his hands that exploded in all directions. 
Ho-leee shit we still hadn’t moved!!!! 
Skah roared as a purple comet hit him. His head fell limply onto Kangee’s back and I reached out to grab him but Ota pulled me back. 
“Help him!!!” I screamed just as a long sticky tongue pierced my boot penetrating my leg. 
Jee-sus how long was that thing?? 
Spikes lodged deep into the skin and a horrible scream joined the battle cries. It took me a moment to realize it was mine. Kangee and Ota conjured another thick wall of dense fog which temporarily blocked the fast approaching hunters. 
“Where’s the Goddamn line, Man???” Kangee bellowed. Glancing behind me I caught Ota’s worried expression and clenched jaw. 
Oh Shit!!
“It’s not happening, is it?” I was barely holding on to colonic control. “There’s no energy, is there??”  
“Stay calm, Linny” Ota said smoothly as his blade sliced through the Kuru’s tongue leaving the tip hooked into my calf. Grabbing the embedded part, he squeezed it out and threw it away onto the grass. The crazed hunters were almost upon us. 
Suddenly the Ley line appeared beneath us as a blinding, golden beam and instantly zoomed forward, while rising rapidly with each second. We were travelling at a speed and height I could not even grasp. Things passed in a complete blur. The noise of the wind in my ears was deafening. Breathing was difficult. My skin felt it was going to melt off my face. Despite their reassurance that a rope of smoke would hold us in place, I did not feel any security, in fact I was freaking out, again.
“Kangee, now!!” Ota shouted. And then we were suddenly encapsulated in a silent bubble. 
My body trembled all over, sweat oozed from every pore and I had to check, I hadn’t peed myself. Kangee whipped around fumbling as he grabbed Skah and quickly laid him on his back. His hand plunged into the bleeding shoulder to remove the purple bolt. His brother gritted in pain as sweat soaked through his clothing. 
“Hold on man” Kangee soothed. I bit my lip in heart-felt sympathy for what Skah was going though. With a loud grunt the object was pulled out, but our relief was short-lived as Skah screamed in agony. 
“Goddammit!!!! Kangee cursed and reached back into the wound digging out a second bolt. He held it up momentarily, anger etched in his face “advancin’ in their butchery, aren’t they!”  
The younger man whimpered and Kangee gently took his hand.  “C’mon bro....I gotch ya. Just use your light.” 
Skah looked terribly pale and weak and I wondered how he could possibly recover. He placed his palm to his shoulder allowing a sliver of light to enter the wound. The glowing ember grew in intensity until it covered the entire area. It seemed to undulate as if massaging the injury, repairing the damaged tissue by healing it first then knitting it back together and finally closing the dent. Strength seemed to return to his body and even the scar slowly disappeared. 
When he sat up straight, Kangee’s hand grasped Skah’s in a tight brotherly clasp. “Alright bro?” 
Skah nodded then lightly slapped his brother’s arm. Kangee gave us the thumbs-up that he’d be fine, my eyes watered up with relief. I hadn’t realized how rigid and tense I was until Ota unclenched my fists and placed my hands in my lap.
“Wow!” I gasped in awe. They could do with learning that trick in just about every hospital on the planet. Can this be taught? Can -.” Silence followed. I looked at each one and saw blank faces. 
“I get it. You can’t tell me anything. But, I think we can say with certitude that at this point, I know a hell of a lot more than an Un-Transitioned!” More silence. “Okay, maybe I don’t.” A thought came into my head and I expressed it without considering what I was saying. “Say....I could’ve done with that healing myself....a few times.” 
“Skah only got here a few hours ago...and by then you were awake.”
“Ota’s right” Kangee interjected. “He called us, said you needed a healin’. But we wasn’t in no fit state to heal ‘cause of the Ley journey, so we just crashed at Banba. Y’all were okay when we woke up.” He gave a cool shrug. “If ya weren’t, ya would’a gotten Skah’s light. No questions asked. ”
Nobody spoke after that and my mind wandered to all the events that had occurred over the past few days. Never in a million years could I have imagined experiencing something this wild. It defied logic on every level. Was it even real? Spirits needing to be Transitioned? A bounty on my head? Travelling on a Ley line?”
That was incredible to actually say, let alone experience! Grant it, the journey wasn’t over yet, so I’d reserve my opinion until we got to wherever. Looking out beyond the bubble of protection, the midnight sky passed in a speeding blur. 
About an hour into the journey, I noticed my companions’ behaviour was beginning to change. Kangee became a full-fledged blues singer and lamented that his woman didn’t want him no moh. Skah fancied himself as a stand up comedian and threw out a routine worthy of any open mic at the Comedy Nest. And Ota, well he just tried to feign normality, but every now and again his hands would hold strands of my hair. Had he tried to smell it? I figured it was getting in his way so I swept it from my back over my shoulder. Without me even noticing, it wound up sitting on my back again. Once his hands strayed to my hips but when I glanced behind he just said “yep, sitting on tight. Security check complete.” 
I smiled to myself realizing they were all becoming quite drunk on Ley energy. I, on the other hand was feeling like someone had given me a huge vitamin boost. I felt energetic, strong and totally coherent. Nothing was being sapped from my system as Ota said it would. 
The longer we spent on this beam of power, the more I felt connected to the universe on a cellular level. It was if my entire being vibrated with the energy received not just from the Ley line, but from the cosmos itself. The air around us, stars above us and water below us were filling me up with a life-force I had never felt. No feat seemed daunting, no obstacle impossible to pass through.  
Isn’t this how Superman felt?  

When we began to slow down, Ota leaned forward and whisper-shouted “hang tight Bia. Things are goin’ to get a bit rochky.” 
Yep, he was fairly sloshed. I nodded knowing I could face whatever awaited us.
“You ochkay, Bia?” Ota asked worriedly.
I waved away his concern with a broad smile. “It’s great, isn’t it? Like flying to the moon!” His frown told me he didn’t understand. 
 “Saddle-up boys!!” Ota called over my shoulder. Skah scooted his bum between my legs and Kangee did the same with Skah. Ota was already moulded into my back. 
Personal space? Who needed that! 
“Transfuhr upchoming” Kangee called out before breaking into song again. “Ah got a mean ol’ dog.....uh dontcha know.”
My head whipped around, “what does that mean?” I asked Ota. 
His eyelids drooped somewhat. “He had a dog who bit him once an –“
“The transfer, not the song.”
“Oh, okay. Mmmhh...yeah...we’re catching another line. Guards may be waiting.”
“Not hunters?” 
“Yeah, them too.”
“So, why are there guards?” 
“Rembur, uhm not a Council-sanctioned run and uhm..thisss isssn’t a legally registered Ley line.”
“We’re breaking the law?”
“Issa grey zone. They don’t realize you created this line and we won’t tell ‘em if we’re caught. So, if for any reason we get caught, do not tell them anything. Mmkay?” He was tanked like he had spent the night knocking back beers.  
Kangee called out “Passing over the Old line. Direction - Blueberry Valley!”
“Ochhkay hang tight, Bia. Turbulence” Burp “ahead.”
All of a sudden it was like thundering down a steep, rickety roller coaster except we didn’t stay on the rails. We were ejected, free-falling for all of seven seconds, which felt like a lifetime, before we hit, at high speed, what felt like, a road with many speed bumps. We bounced hard collectively several times before things became smooth again. My bum felt it was a mashed potato. 
Cries suddenly rang out and purple bolts began flying around us. An arrow and a bullet whizzed past my head. 
“Skah?” Ota roared. Skah woke up from his stupor and began throwing balls of light liberally. Lack of aim seemed to have worked in this case because the bolts no longer zipped around us. Smoke filled the entire area again creating the same fog to confuse the attackers. Then everything went quiet.
I exhaled slowly, feeling my shoulders relax then a searing pain hit my side, a sharp jerk had me spinning into nothingness. Terror gripped me as I realized something had pulled me off the line. I watched the beam rising higher and higher into the sky. My hands reached up to latch on but they continued travelling further and further away.
Where was my cosmic confidence when I needed it!! 
A loud whip cracked beside me and a snaking sensation crept up my flailing arm. I felt myself being hoisted up by a rapidly spinning pulley. Ota’s arm grabbed mine tugging me to him. Kangee and Skah also hoisted me up but were now barely able to focus they were so drunk. “Damn Kuru almos gotchya there” Ota slurred breathlessly. 
The bright lights of a city came into view seconds before everything went dark and we were ejected off the line. We plummeted into darkness for three seconds before hitting the ground with a loud whack. The wind was knocked out of my lungs and it took me several moments to be able to breathe somewhat normally. But, I was still faring much better than my intoxicated friends. 
We had landed on a massive terrain smack dab at the rear of someone’s dimly lit home. “Where is this place?” I asked a dazed and confused Ota. 
“Kangee’s ex. Geh inside. Now ‘fore other hunters pichk up your trail.” 
Unaffected, I ran to the patio doors and went to slide them open but they were locked! Dashing back, I passed Ota who was stumbling around, mostly diagonally. Skah had just passed out on the grass and Kangee was on all fours but not gaining much ground. Hadn’t they said, they’d only be slightly inebriated?
Squatting down to Kangee’s level, I leaned in, “where are the keys to the house?”
“Flower pohht, left of gnome.” 
After locating a severely disabled gnome, I found the flower pot to its left, rooted inside and extracted the key from the soil. When I unlocked and slid open the patio doors sprawling cracks spread along the glass like rapidly growing vines. 
Oh my God, I broke them????Had I pulled too hard?
My rational side tried to purport that the doors were defective to begin with, but I couldn’t deny they looked almost new. Wincing, I waited for an inevitable shower of glass to fall, but it didn’t come. I stepped back cautiously for fear they’d crumble. I already had Rosie’s bathroom to renovate and now these doors. My savings account would be dwindling very fast if I wasn’t more careful. 
Turning around, I took in my surroundings and noticed my senses were sharpened to the point that I could make out objects in the dark. Even though the place was encircled with dense trees, off to the right, a fox was skulking between two wide trunks. An owl flashed wide yellow eyes from a nearby branch, something I should not ordinarily, be able to see. 
Right then I became aware of the powerful buzz snaking through my system. It was as if a current of supercharged electricity pulsated through me. Without even testing it, I knew I possessed a strength I should not have. It was freaking me out because I didn’t know if this was like a drug, like meth or some other shit that would have me gummy and a zombie in a few weeks? A groan pulled my attention away from the rising panic.
With all three men now unconscious and sprawled on the grass, I’d have to wait until they slept off their stupor before I learned anything more about this weird sensation. But first, I needed to get them sheltered for the night. 
My initial thought was to try and find a tent to build around them, but instead I decided to test my newfound abilities. Skah was a big man, but was still the smallest and lightest of all three and, most importantly, closest to the house. I reached down, placed his arm across my shoulders and gripped it tight. With my other arm tight around his waist I squatted low, hoisted him up and haul-dragged him inside. Grant it, his legs lagged heavily behind, but I managed to lower him on the living room couch then returned to Kangee. 
Looking down at his colossal frame, there was no way I could move him, as I had Skah. Yes, I was a hell of a lot stronger than usual, but I wasn’t bionic! Transporting him inside was simply a question of logistics. 
Spotting a long plastic tarp covering a large barbeque on the patio a few feet away, I ran over, grabbed it and laid it out alongside Kangee. He was face down on the grass, so one good shove rolled him onto his back and onto the tarp. The plastic sheet covered an area between his head and thighs, so I was able to pull the corners above his head and tow him to the entrance. I had to pull him over the low frame of the door, but it wasn’t elevated enough to cause any major issues. His ass would be bruised, but at least it was his back-side not his family jewels side. He would not, however, have the luxury of being on a couch. Another good heave off the tarp and he was lying on the carpet not far from Skah.    
With the success of the plastic sheet in transporting extra-wide and heavy loads, I returned for Ota, who was furthest from the house and set him up to be towed. After I rolled him onto the tarpaulin, a hand clamped my wrist. My eyes shot to his face. He was trying to struggle out of his unconscious state. 
“Hey, Ota” I whispered soothingly, “it’s okay, we’re safe. Everything is fine, sleep now. Don’t worry.” His hand went limp, falling to his side and I transported him inside.  After locating blankets and pillows, I made all three men as comfortable as possible then let them slumber peacefully.
Feeling wired to the moon and back, I took a quick shower, changed into a pair of sweats and a tank top then set about cooking something. They had an incredibly well-stocked kitchen and a wide variety of cook-books. Six hours later there was enough food for an entire village sitting on the counters. After refrigerating or freezing everything, I started cleaning up. Two hours later every pot, pan and wooden spoon was cleaned and put away, yet I was still stimulated full throttle. 
Several times, I checked in on my sleeping beauties and found they hadn’t moved an inch. I, on the other hand, was unable to sit still and decided to help Kangee’s ex with some much needed interior reorganization. 
Seven hours later, a sleepy eyed Ota found me in the garden shed, covered in dirt and sweat and piling heavy bags of earth on top of one another. He was wearing only a pyjama pants and nothing else, which made me look away so as not to ogle. 
“Linny, what’s going on? Did you bring us into the house last night?”
“Mmhmm.” I answered distractedly then returned to piling the bags. Yep, ogling wasn’t polite, but Jeez that man had more ripples on his abs than God should have given out.
“And how did you manage that?” There was concern in his tone, but I couldn’t tell why.
With a quick shrug I replied, “I feel very strong. So, after you were all safe inside, I cooked and cleaned then did a bit of reorganizing and well, worked my way-”
“Did you not sleep at all?” He interrupted gently.
“I can’t, my eyes won’t close. Not even for a second. Look,” then turning to face him I shut my eyelids but they popped open a second later. “It’s like I’ve had one hundred and ninety nine espressos, which kind of gave me OCD and now everything needs to be neat and tidy, or it freaks me out. I’m usually orderly, but now I feel this zero tolerance for things that are out of place. Have you heard of the Japanese organizational system called 5S? It’s a concept that says everything has its-”
“Linny, can you follow me outside for a moment? And after that you can get right back to what you’re doing here.” 
I looked longingly at the remaining bags, but decided I could leave them for a few moments. Ota stopped in the middle of the garden and stood opposite me. The sun shone in a magnificent blue cloudless sky and warm heat danced on my skin. Dry rough grass tickled my bare toes and I couldn’t help but smile. 
“We’re going to do a little post-Ley travel exercise, okay?”
He sounded cautious, like he was talking to a crazed lunatic. “Sure.” More exercise, no biggy. “What do I have to do?”
“I’d like you to take a long deep breath, exhaling very slowly. Can you do that with me?”
Why did that sound like he was really saying, can you put the gun down? “Deep breathing isn’t a very vigorous exercise, is it?”
A smile briefly curved the corner of his lips. “Well, not to start with, but we’ll begin with this just to warm up.” 
Keep the perp talking.
Maybe I watched too many action movies.“Okay.” I grumbled, but inhaled deeply then exhaled very slowly. Ota asked me to repeat that same thing three times, which I did. 
Boring!
“You’re doing great. Now, I want you to centre all that strength and energy and focus it right here in your solar plexus.” He laid two fingers at the base of my breastbone and my body shivered at his touch.  He felt it too, I was sure because his eyes widened momentarily before falling behind the usual mask of being in total control. “Tell me when you’ve got it all in that spot.”
It took a few minutes, but I managed to summon the energy from every part of me, directing it to my centre. It felt like a powerful fireball spinning rapidly. It burned, growing immensely until it felt too big for me. I wouldn’t be able to maintain control much longer. 
“What do I do now?” I breathed in sharply, my legs trembling under the force of the building power. “It’s.... hard.. to....hold on.” 
“Good. I want you to send it down through your body out your feet and into the earth.” After a short pause he asked “You ready?”
“Yes!!!!!!!! It’s about to explode in me!!”
“Propel it out of there. Now!”
Closing my eyes, I felt the fireball plummet into my stomach, down through my lower body, my legs, feet and finally deep down into the earth. I swayed a few times, my knees giving out, but Ota caught my arms and held me steady until I regained my balance. When I opened my eyes we were standing in a small crater. The earth around had blackened and the grass was dead. I gasped in shock, “what have I done???!!!!!!!!” 
“Saved your own life, that’s what. That amount of excess energy could have killed you. In fact you’re very lucky to be alive.”
“I didn’t feel I was in danger.”
“You don’t, at least not at first. By the time you do, well, it can be too late.” He brushed a hand through his hair and blew out a low sigh. “Had I known you’d react like that, I’d have taken different precautions, but this kind of reaction is extremely rare, almost unheard of. Even the fact we all passed out is not normal.”
“S’not your fault,” I said yawning loudly and suddenly feeling like I could sleep there and then on the scorched earth. Maybe my energy did that? I stumbled toward the patio doors having a place to lie down as my only goal. Ota swept me up into his arms and I was asleep as soon as my head leaned against his bare chest. 

Waking with a massive headache, I sat up and frowned in confusion. It took a long moment to recognize the room. Floral wallpaper, white birch bed, white linen duvet and glossy, white birch wooden floor - the master bedroom - at Kangees’ ex’s place. His absent ex-girlfriend had wonderful decorating taste and seemed to be the opposite of her huge rolling-stone man. I guessed they were still good friends, if he could stay here whenever he felt like dropping in. Literally.
Had I really travelled from Ireland to America on a beam of power? Or was it all a wild hallucination? Maybe I had lost my mind and was in a psych ward somewhere, heavily sedated and drooling liberally.
The all-white bedroom room did nothing to abate the panic rising in my throat. Best to go in search of answers before full fledged panic set in. First though, I needed to shower, get dressed then question the first person I’d meet and ask whether I was compos mentis or not.
Throwing back the duvet, I noticed the other side of the bed had been occupied. The sheets were still warm and the pillows crumpled. Who had spent the night?
You know full well who spent the night! The question should be, why?

After a long hot shower, I dressed in jeans, a white t-shirt and snug black hoody then headed downstairs to the kitchen.  Skah was leaning against the large wooden island and stacking waffles onto his plate. At least I did something useful while stoned.  He looked real enough. 
When he spotted me, a large set of dimples appeared with his wide smile. “Mmmmhmmmm guuurrrrrl – you can cook!!!” He liberally poured syrup over the pile, made his way to the table and sat opposite me. “This is my third helping...leavin’ none for Kangee either.” 
“Enjoy!” I chuckled while honing in on a large pot of coffee, just percolated too, judging from the errant drops still falling. After filling a mug full and adding cream, I sat opposite Skah who was in sugar heaven. He was making those sounds people unconsciously produce when happily chowing down. 
“Dining alone?”
Translation-where’s Ota?. 
“Mmmhhmm. Ota and Kangee are...ahm..doing stuff around the property.” 
“Stuff...” Again with the mystery. “Oh..okay.” Nothing I needed to know about?
He considered my comment for a moment then gave a furtive glance over his shoulder before responding. “The Council have sent out some trackers....one in particular....he’s....well....he’s phenomenal. About an hour ago, someone set off a ward we had put up along the furthest border of the property. Could be him testing it. The sorceress, Rosie gave us some items to help us stay off the radar, so the guys are putting them in place now. We should have put them up sooner, but maaaaan,” he groaned, “we were wiped out last night. I can tell you now, we’ve never been that Ley wasted. ”
“Really?”
He washed down a mouthful with some coffee before responding. “Mmmmhmm. I don’t even remember landing.”  His eyebrows rose as if he suddenly realized something. “Oh man....did I like say weird shit? The others will never let me hear the end of it, if I did.” 
“I doubt they even remember much themselves.”
“But you remember?”
I couldn’t help but smile. “Your secret’s safe with me.” After a few minutes of companionable silence, I looked around fearfully, “so you’re sure these wards will work?”
“Oh yeah. It will interfere with the hunters ability to chase us.”
“Sounds incredible all the same, you know... wards and Ley energy?,” I exclaimed. “I mean it doesn’t seem possible......was last night real? Is any of this real?”I worried my lower lip to stop it from trembling. “Or are you a psychiatrist hoping to heal someone loopy?”
“You think this isn’t real?” he paused between mouthfuls, his spoon making a circular motion to take in the place. 
“I’m...” trying not to freak out “having trouble believing any of this even happened. I mean life went from finishing up a regular working day and the next thing you’re melting someone’s head.”
 He threw me a worried look, “you okay Linz?” 
Sweet Lord above, no!!!I took a long sip of my coffee before answering, “Ahhm.....just trying to get my head around all that’s happening.” I exhaled a breath I didn’t realize I was holding in. 
He sank the last piece of waffle into the puddle of syrup, wolfed it down then with a satisfied smack of his lips pushed his plate aside.  “Am I real?” Stretching his arm across the table, he opened his palm out toward me. “Take my hand.” I put my hand surreptitiously in his. “Do you see me? Do you feel our hands linked?” 
“Yes.” 
 “So, if this is real, then why wouldn’t what happened yesterday be real too?”
 “Because it doesn’t make sense....” I swallowed the tight lump in my throat and hoped my racing heart wouldn’t pop out of my chest. 
 “Shit’s crazy, I know, but...well” he shrugged “you get used to it after a while. Plus Ota’s....” His eyes widened for a second, his face reddened. “Just try not to over-think it, okay?”
“Ota’s what?”
“Nothing.” He ignored my raised eyebrows. “Look, for now, hang tight. My Granddad’s a medicine man or Shaman if you like, and he’ll be able to ask the spirits what entity lives within you.” 
	With another furtive glimpse over his shoulder, he gave my palm a little squeeze. “You’re doing great, Linz. Don’t lose heart.” 
A trickle of light crept from his palm into mine winding its way along my arm and to my heart. Something about the physical connection with Skah and this new announcement helped alleviate the weight on my heart. The darkness I felt since waking up didn’t feel so deep now. In fact I wondered why my mood was so depressed at all.
Before I knew it, I was smiling widely and all the incertitude started to melt away. I was in the moment, the now, and that was all that mattered. The past was the past and the future was not yet written. I would let things evolve of their own accord and just go with the flow. My heart fluttered with happiness. 
Draining the last of my coffee, Skah got up and filled my cup again. He pushed a plate of food toward me, “eat up. It helps. Believe me.” 
Bacon, eggs, sausages, potatoes and freshly buttered toast piled high on the plate made me realize it had been ages since I ate last. Grabbing some ketchup, I squeezed out a sizeable blob.
“Oh sweet fuck!”
My head shot up. Skah was looking at me with wide chocolate eyes and backing away from the table fearfully. “What’s wrong?” I shot up and took a few steps back. “Is there something on the table? What is it?” But he wasn’t looking anywhere only straight at me. 
Kangee and Ota came through the door at that very moment. Just like Skah, their eyes widened the second they caught sight of me. In unison they turned an accusing glare at Skah.
 “Maaaan” Kangee groaned, “what you gone ‘n done now, bro? She just lit up like Time Square, goddammit.”
I looked down at myself and saw my hands and arms were iridescent. “What???” The golden glow was as beautiful as the fairy lights in Rosie’s garden. “What is this?”
Ota rounded on him angrily. Skah threw his hands up defensively. “I only gave her a drop. Nothing more!!And she shouldn’t even be that shiny” Skah’s tone was defensive as he backed himself into the counter corner. “And I...only did it because she was real down and scared. I thought I’d help her out. C’mon, she’s a sweet kid. You see the way she tucked us all in last night? There isn’t a bad bone in her body.”
“It wasn’t your place to give light!!!!” Ota barked. “She’s a Hostile!!!Un-Transitioned! She doesn’t react normally to anything in our world!”
Back to being Hostile again.
Well one good thing came out of this, Ota’s opinion of me was clear. And from the way Kangee nodded in agreement, he was on the same page. Fun times.
“And how you gonna put out her lights, man?”Kangee asked his brother, 
That didn’t sound good. I could get punched, or knocked out. “It’s okay” I interjected, “he didn’t do anything wrong. So I’ll glow! No big deal, I’ll just wait for it to pass.”
“Doesn’t work that way.” Ota folded his arms across his chest. “The light will continue to grow stronger and will pass through the wards. You’ll be a neon sign for all the hunters in about five minutes.”
“So tell me what to do and I’ll fix it.” 
“It’s my bad, I’ll fix it.” Skah started toward me. 
Kangee shook his head, grabbed the back of his brother‘s sweater with a meaty fist. “More proof Mama dropped you on your head as a baby.” He hauled Skah to the kitchen door while chuckling loudly. “C’mon out here, I have a hammer in the shed that’ll fix that right up.”
Ota waited until they were gone before speaking. “I’ll have to remove the light!”
It didn’t sound like it was a pleasant task. If anything, it was like he had just volunteered to wash an elephant’s bum. “Will it hurt you?” 
He frowned and shook his head, “not me, you. But I can’t believe you’d think of my pain before your own.” 
“Does it involve showering of any kind?” A soft smile broke across his features as he shook his head no. “Okay then, tell me what to do and we’ll get this over with.”
I didn’t know what to expect, but being backed up against the counter did not cross my mind. My breath hitched. We stood with barely a centimetre separating us and my cheeks reddened as I looked up at his beautiful, towering frame. Unzipping my hoody, he lowered it over my arms and discarded it to the floor. With little effort, he lifted me onto the counter settling himself between my legs. 
“Ota” I said slowly, “this is the part where you tell me what’s going to happen.”I could hear the tremor in my voice and was embarrassed to admit I felt so turned on.  Nothing sexual would happen, I knew that because I had zero experience being in the company of a man like him.
His hands gently placed my hair off my shoulders and he cupped my chin to raise my eyes to his. “Remember I asked you to trust me, Linny?”  I nodded and he placed my arms around his waist. “Then trust me. This is only an extraction.” 
His head lowered to mine, his hair falling like a curtain and cocooning us in our own space and time. Feelings of a deep connection rolled off him washing over me. I looked into those deep black pools and knew I could trust him with my life. “Okay”, I whispered. When he smiled, I added, “but just so you know, I don’t own stilettos, certainly not the seven inch kind. I wouldn’t even be able to walk in them.”
A soft laugh quietly escaped his throat. “I’m not sure why that’s important, but seen as you have mentioned it, I don’t own stilettos either.” I swear I stopped breathing when his hand caressed my cheek. “I’m going to need your permission to taste your power. Are you okay with that?” 
I said yes, but it came out sounding like one of those breathy phone-sex voices. And then his fingers hooked the strap of my tank top letting it fall down my arm, exposing my white lacy bra. The low-cup style allowed his finger to settle over the heart area on my left breast before beginning a slow, counter clock-wise circular motion. 
Could you implode from arousal?
His gaze suddenly burned into mine as if he had read my thoughts. I saw he was feeling something as well. Could have been indigestion.
The golden light began to spiral under the surface of my skin following his adept fingers on the path he traced. As if holding an invisible thread, he pulled away from my breast, but frowned. He repeated the same circular motion before pulling again.
“What’s wrong?” 
His eyebrows hung low over his eyes. “It’s not coming out the normal way.” 
Why did I not like the way that sounded? “That’s the normal way?”
“Yes, to take light it is always from the heart.” 
“So other people have reacted like this before?”
“The Curatti give light, but it can be extracted at any time to be kept aside should it be needed again. It is usually a very simple process, one that requires toughing the heart area.”
He meant the boob area. “So what’s the alternative?” 
“Ee-lay.” 
“What does that mean?”
“We allow it to blaze out.” 
“Burn its way out of me???” I looked down and saw my entire body was glowing bright gold. The thread Ota tried to extract lay just beneath the skin’s surface and was a dark gold. It swirled in rhythmic twirls around my heart.
“The light will create fire in its wake when forced out.”
“I’ll get burned? Great!” 
His eyes roved around my body, “we’re almost out of time here. You’re about to light up the sky and bring the hunters here.” 
“How bad is the burn?”
“Depends on what sets you on fire.” His soft, full lips were on mine and I felt my heart pound in my chest. His kiss was equally sweet as it was wicked. The gentle caress of his thumbs against my breasts grew as passion ignited between us and our bodies moulded together. My legs wrapped tightly around his hips as his hand gripped my neck. His tongue entered my mouth hot and urgent and I met it eagerly with mine.
Desire possessed me and I pulled him tighter still against me. His hands gripped my hips before coasting downward and cupping my bum. I found my hands slipping under his t-shirt and basking in the feel of his naked, rigid abs under my fingers. 
“Bia” he moaned as his tongue tasted my neck before finding my lips once more and kissing me even harder. 
An ache of wanting all of him consumed me just as a white blinding light filled me up until I couldn’t contain it. 
“Ee-lay” he whispered in a raspy voice full of need “You’re almost there.”
The spiralling thread bolted away from my heart and dove downward. The sensual rhythmic pulse burned its way down through me, travelling from my heart down to my centre. It was working its way down to my apex. 
Oh God! 
I was on the edge of a chasm of bliss and about to fall over. It swirled rhythmically between my legs, my body jolted, my back arched in rigid ecstasy and I moaned languidly as it exploded from my body.
“Send it to me” Ota’s raspy voice ordered, as his lips caressed my neck. “I have to absorb it.” 
“How?” 
“You control the light now, send it to me.” 
I visualized the light entering him. Millions of glowing specks, suspended in the air, formed a high arch. He threw back his head and they flowed rapidly down his open mouth. He glowed like an angel. His hands gripped my hips, his hardness pressing against my centre in rhythmic thrusts. I could see the light travelling down at incredible speed. It reached his core. His body went completely rigid for a long moment before he gave a long loud groan of release.
I looked down just to be sure we still had clothes on because that felt an awful lot more intimate than expected.  
“You okay?” I croaked.
His eyes burned a molten gold before returning to the colour of the night sky. “Fine. You?” he panted before releasing my hips and stepping back. 
“Fine.” Wow...not awkward at all.
“Good,” He nodded then tapped the counter while swaying slightly, “right well..I’ll just go take a shower.” As he stumbled away, I wondered why I could still see a band of light trailing from him.
Logically, I knew we didn’t have sex, but emotionally, it felt like we did.  And while what happened between us, or to us, was surreal, I was feeling as crappy, if not crappier than my first sexual experience. Ironically, Stuart Fowler had said and done the exact same thing as Ota, after I lost my virginity?
Stuart: You okay?
Me: Yeah. You?
Stuart: Yeah. Fine.
Me: Good.
Stuart: Okay fine then I’ll go take my shower. You can head on home too. 
That night I had slipped home while he was in the bathroom. We avoided each other like the plague after that. As a naive eighteen year old, the post-sex coldness was like a form of rejection and it had hurt, but I filed it away under ‘delete from memory’. I guess since meeting Ota and especially after today’s performance, I hadn’t deleted that file after all.
Looking out the kitchen window, I spotted a cheerful Skah and Kangee on their way back. They obviously knew what occurred in these ‘light removal’ situations and I didn’t want to see their calculating glances, so I picked up my discarded hoody and dashed down to the basement.
Several large bedrooms, bathrooms and a massive living area filled the extensive lower level of the house. It could have fit several of my small apartments in there. In my reorganization high, I had discovered the whereabouts of the expansive laundry room, which was also equipped with its own bathroom. It was also the furthest point away from the upstairs kitchen, yet conveniently closest to a back door. 
After stepping into the shower, soft sobs I could no longer hold back came out as warm water cascaded over me. Had I known what was involved in removing the light, I would have preferred to take my chances as a glowing neon sign. Plus, it was going to make things so awkward between us pretending we didn’t just grind on each other until climax. I covered my face with my hands wanting the water to wash all of this away, but knew that wasn’t going to happen. 
Oh, the messes I’ve made.
After towelling off, I grabbed freshly washed panties from the dryer and once dressed, slipped out the basement door unnoticed and up the concrete steps. 
An elaborate vine-covered trellis sectioned off an area reserved for several umbrella clotheslines, which made sense given its proximity to the laundry room. Knowing there were wards up around the border of the acreage, I avoided approaching the fence out-lying the estate, preferring to walk along the trail flanking the woods furthest from the house. 
The place was truly beautiful and picturesque. There were so many different kinds of flora and fauna on the land it lent the place a feeling of sanctuary, even offered me a little refuge of my own.  Lost in nature’s haven, I wandered deeper into the woods.    
Observing the busy rhythmic foraging of a woodpecker with bright red feathering atop its head, I didn’t notice the step until I had stumbled over it. Startled by the noise, the bird flew away turning my attention to several decaying wooden planks. They formed a winding ersatz stairway up an incline trail. Curious to see where it led, I made my way along cautiously testing each step for solidity. 
Some forty steps later, I rounded the bend and came into a wide clearing where lush grass and wildflowers encircled a beautiful octagonal gazebo. Its dome-shaped roof was open with intricate wrought iron designs. A striking circular cushioned canopy, suspended from the centre, offered the ultimate in comfort to view the magic of the night sky. I promised myself to come back here after sunset for some serious star-gazing.
Throwing aside my shoes, I climbed onto the soft round mattress and lay down. A white fluffy cloud passed in front of the sun while a warm breeze fluttered languidly through the leaves. Tension eased from my body and my mind started to work on devising a plan to avoid Ota. 
The house was massive, as was the surrounding land, so it shouldn’t be difficult to stay clear of him. I could even switch to sleeping days and living nights. Too extreme? Maybe. But I’d do it if necessary. Still a part of me warred with the whole notion of avoidance. Wasn’t I just repeating the same pattern as I did with Stuart? What did that say about my level of maturity? That I was still stuck at eighteen when it came to relationships? Pffffffffffftttt. 
So, how to deal with this in a more adult manner? 
Communication Nincompoop!!!
My inner voice was developing attitude. A sharp nick pierced my skin and I slapped my leg to squash, what was probably a mosquito out for blood, or a black fly. Yeuch. We didn’t have those insects to contend with back home. 
Home. Wow, it had been almost two weeks since I left on my supposed vacation. If Gwen or Mom had any idea what I was really up to, they’d be shocked. I imagined a post-card where I would relate my experiences. 
Wish you were here! I have met some wonderful people. One of whom I killed, indirectly of course! Another, I did actually murder. I’m claiming self-defence, but there’s this Council somewhere who disagree and put a price on my head and now many entrepreneurially-minded bounty hunters are looking to collect. I also had a strange pedicure which involved having my skin peeled to the bone – literally. I became the personal blood bank of an energy addict. But with the help of a wonderful sorceress, an Adonis-like man and his two friends I’m doing okay now.
See you soon. Love,
Linny
Suddenly movement to the side caught my attention. A strange man approached the canopy. His camouflage fit in perfectly with the environment, even his skin was smeared with earth. His clothing was a mix of bark and leaves as if he had been living in the ground for days. A long serrated knife swung loosely from his hand and a slim wooden flute-like object hung from his neck. My initial reaction was to bolt back to the house, but I was completely paralysed. 
  “Can’t swat away poison girly,” he said gleefully while momentarily raising the flute. “Everyone thinks they’s skeeters, but they ain’t no skeeter. This be my own special brew. I calls it Ice ‘cause that’s what you is, frozen girly. You is frozen real good. Reload here can track a flea in a desert. Youse was an easy one to find.”  
He smiled while leaning over me then his head jerked and he leaned in closer, sniffing the air at different parts of my body. He smelled so bad, I almost puked. His breath stank of poop and his teeth were a disgusting shade of brown. 
Gawd!! Did he eat feces?
 “Mmmmhhhhhmmm. Youse had yerself a little light time......oh he must’ve really enjoyed extracting that. Mmmhhhhmm you’re a beauty alright....a prize, ain’t ya! Well you’re my prize now girly. I is gonna be a level five tomorrow. Reload Five is what they’s gonna call me. You remembers that when they is takin ya.” 
Reload Five? Sweet Jesus what’s this??!!!
He raised himself onto the canopy, his filthy body straddling me. I fought with every inch of my being which equated to having blinked a few hundred times. My mind screamed out for Ota, begging him to hear me, for all the good it would do. Why didn’t I stay in the house????
Closing his eyes, the man began to speak words that were English, but made no sense. As soon as I felt the energy change around us, I knew he was casting a spell. The energy was dark, for the soulless. I saw the air shimmer and form a sphere before me. Using an oddly shaped dagger, he cut through the shimmering zone until rays of bleak light came from the slit. His hands suddenly clasped his ears as if trying to block a painful sound. 
“Grrggghhh.” His jaw clenched tight. “Goddamn wards!”He pulled an ugly, blood-stained bandage from a side pocket, fastened it around my wrist first, then his.“Your light- taker’s comin, I can hear him. Got his buddies with him too. But you’re mine now, not his.” Horrible black goo slid around the cloth burning my skin. “This here” he said grabbing my wrist, “is my back-up jist in case you tries to fight me, girly.” 
Hello!! Paralysed here! You dumb eejit!!!
With a painful yank, he pulled me from the canopy, wrapped me in a chokehold under his smelly armpit and tentatively placed his right leg into the slit. It completely disappeared below the knee. The left leg followed. He turned me to face him then with a grunt of effort hauled me over his shoulder and the slit swallowed us whole. 



Chapter 8

From my over-the-shoulder view, his heavy boots slowly descended into a dank, cavernous cellar, illuminated by a lone black candle. Mould, earth and urine were the first odours to assail me. He walked a few long strides before I was yanked upright and flung unceremoniously onto a filthy cot who’s few working springs screamed in protest. The bloodied bandage was kept around my wrist, but a section was unwrapped and tied to the beds’ metal frame. No other restraint was applied. Apparently, the paralysis would be lasting quite a while.      
“Buyer’s gonna be here soon Girly” the hunter’s eyes gleamed madly as he sniffed near the top of my thighs. “An’ he gonna have his own light fun with yew.” His insane cackle prevented him from keeping control on his saliva. A long brownish stringy dribble landed right on my crotch staining my pants. 
Disgusting!!!! I couldn’t wait to get them off and burn them. Bile rose in my throat and I had to fight to keep it in. 
As he sauntered off a wave of deep panic hit me. What, or who was coming for me? And how could I defend myself in any possible way when I was as stiff as a Botoxed forehead. 
Think Linny, think!!!! 
The second I begin to unfreeze, I’ll Ley-energy myself out of here. It doesn’t matter where I land, as long as it’s far from here. There was nothing I could do right now only wait. 
Jesus the smell in here was bad. I really wanted to puke.

Time became lost in the near darkness of the cellar. It felt as if I had been down here several hours, but I couldn’t say how many with any accuracy. I wondered for the millionth time, if Ota was looking for me, or was he just glad to be rid of the responsibility of bringing me in. Whatever! It didn’t matter now. 
Harsh voices came from above ground making my heart race. Whoever Reload was waiting for had arrived. 
Moments later, a hulking frame appeared in the doorway, but his features were indiscernible in the low light. His stooped to enter, looked my way then asked “she still frozen?” 
“Yes Sireee” Reload answered proudly. “That there juice’s one of a kind. ‘S’nothin like it power can buy.”
“Yeah, you’re a real potions expert” the towering form replied sardonically. “Now get out. I’ll call you when I want her mobile.”
Given that I could only blink, I felt grateful the trembling that coursed through me could not be seen as he approached. From the bed, I could smell spicy cologne and was grateful for it masking, somewhat, the rotten stink of this place. He shifted the candle closer then sat on the side of the bed. It protested his weight by creaking loudly.
Riveting green eyes framed a tan angular, handsome face. A tuft of beard hung from his chin, sun-bleached blond dreads sat on broad muscular shoulders and various forms of jewellery adorned his neck, wrists and left ear. His clothes were a simple cotton white long-sleeved tee-shirt and faded jeans. The whole ensemble made him appear like someone who got lost after the beach closed early. I wasn’t a gambling woman, but I’d bet any money he was wearing flip-flops or Jesus sandals. 
So what was a handsome, care-free looking beach-bum doing with a low-life like Reload and a Botoxed prisoner?
“Hey Linny” he smiled with brilliant straight white teeth. No seaweed in sight. “Sorry to have you in such an awful place” he said casting a disapproving glance around the hovel.“Reload’s accommodations are quite below par, but we’ll have that remedied very soon.” His voice was neutral, the accent American. 
Duh –you’re in America!! 
He had such a gentle, apologetic way about him, it was hard to believe he would want to hurt me. Still, he had the capacity to order me unfrozen and hadn’t. 
Bastard!
His hand reached out and stroked my hair. “So special, but so beautiful too.” 
Yeah, he must like them Roofied.
“I’m Kai, by the way.” 
 I’m Livid! Pleased to meet you. 
“It’s ready, Kai” another massive form announced from the door. 
“Okay, Bro. Pay Reload as discussed. But first get him to bring whatever swill is needed to release her.”
When the surly hunter returned with what looked like a sealed jar of urine the malodour in the room spiked. Kai’s head jerked back in disgust. “Soap and water, man. I’m recommending you use both, liberally.” 
“Skeeters don eat me when I smell like shit.” 
“Prefer to be eaten by maggots then?” 
Hairy nostrils flared. “I don like your tone, mistur.” His grubby palm passed over the bind and a narrow black snake emerged slithered up my arm settling in around my neck before squeezing tight. 
Holy-Mother of God!!!!!! 
“Now, I be needin’ me that level five payment.”
“You’re taking a big risk my friend,” Kai announced as coolly as if he was deciding where to place his beach towel. “You can’t tell if she is being choked to death or not, can you?”
Hey!!! Can’t breathe!!!! Can’t breathe!!!!
Judging from the look on his face, Reload obviously hadn’t thought this part through. 
CHOKING!!! Can’t....breathe!!!!
“The subject should always be mobile before attempting the Mamba Manibus. If she dies, or is damaged in any way, no level five for you, my friend.” 
  Reload grumbled, but obviously saw reason in Kai’s argument because I felt the snake slither back and disappear into the bloodied rag. They couldn’t hear the laboured gasps of air I was sucking in. 
The bottle of urine was grabbed out of Reload’s hand and as Kai pressed down on my mouth, he explained kindly “just a few drops to allow you some comfort” then with a wide smile continued “but not enough for you to become troublesome during our journey.” 
Journey??? 
As the lemon moth-ball and urine flavoured liquid trickled down my throat, his silent partner, Bro, produced a dagger with a glowing green blade then drove it deep into the unsuspecting hunter’s chest. The paralysis hadn’t started to dissipate, so the shock I felt at their barbarism never showed, but my horror was profound. Sure, Reload was a filthy creep, but they could have just knocked him out not kill him! 
Bastards!!! 
Passing the bottle to his murderous friend, Kai then picked up my limp body and I left exactly as I had arrived, over the shoulder of a strange man - wearing Jesus sandals - with no idea what was going to happen to me.

Once outside he slid me across him so I was cradled to him. “Kai” the other man called in warning. “Something’s approaching.” 
I was placed on the ground quickly, albeit gently. “Hang tight, Linny. Just need to be sure those three incompetent hobos who were guarding you, don’t try and interfere.” 
Grrrrrrr!! I couldn’t wait until I had full use of my body again, I was going to fight my way free or die trying!!!!Their sandaled feet headed in opposite directions leaving me unguarded. 
Idiots! 
The sun had set long ago and endless diamonds speckled the night sky. I thought about the gazebo and lying out under those same stars marvelling at their beauty and sobbed inwardly. Regret at having wandered away from the house filled me. I hadn’t thought there’d be any danger in taking a walk. I mean Skah said the wards were up, so I was sure the place was impenetrable.
My only silver lining was I could begin to feel some movement in my arms. Not much, but enough to let me know the piss-water was working. My stomach churned violently. If only I could puke, I’m sure I’d feel better. 
Something moved into view, hovered nearby almost, like a shadow. The outline was unclear, but he approached enough for me to recognize my brother, Oran. My heart soared and I was so grateful for his Shadowy ability. How he had managed to find me, I couldn’t say, but at least he knew where I was and would, hopefully be able to find Ota and tell him what was happening. He gave me one short nod then faded into the night. 
“Wastin my time Bro” Kai clucked disapprovingly as they returned.
“Fuck, I was sure I saw something out there, man.” He stopped next to me, his eyes taking in my body. “Can’t we have some fun with her before we hand her over?” 
Shiiiit!! 
I willed my arms to work so I could punch his crotch with all my might, but I didn’t have that kind of strength, yet.
“You’re sick, Bro” Kai said lifting me into his arms “Blue would kill us and I sure as shit am not going to wear concrete slippers for a piece of ass, even one as cute and tight as this.” 
Hello, I’m actually able to hear you, morons!!!  
Who was this ‘Blue’ character orchestrating my abduction? A Smurf gone bad?
“Open the portal, man. C’mon.”  
An oblong shimmering sphere appeared before us. It was similar to the one Reload had brought us through but unlike his, the light from this one was incredibly bright. Unable to ask why, I watched ‘Bro’ go first then Kai carried me into the opening and I shut my eyes tightly against the blinding glow.

We descended as if on a vertical slide, the kind they have in a water park. It twisted and turned, descending fast and picking up more and more speed as we dropped further down. Kai’s grip on me was tight. My eyes opened a second before we hit warm turquoise water.  Suddenly we were submerged and he wasn’t holding me anymore. With my arms partially functioning, I paddled as best I could, but my legs wouldn’t move at all and I began to sink rapidly. Terror gripped my heart. Breathing became impossible. Despite my best efforts to not inhale water, I did and suddenly the pain in my lungs became unbearable. My eyelids widened as I fought to survive but blackness moved on the periphery of my vision. A massive arm gripped under my shoulder hauling me out so fast, I was flying in a Dolphin-like move. 
I landed hard on soft, hot sand, my lungs burning with fluid build-up. Kai quickly straddled me then immediately began pressing rhythmically on my sternum. Water spewed out the side of my mouth with each compression and he repeated this several times until he declared I was no longer dead-like. 
“What kind of fucked-up coordinates were those” he snapped while motioning Bro over. “You never get it right.  I said the pool, not the ocean! Fuck!” 
The rest of the Limon-pissy-cello was administered and almost instantly, everything binding me was gone. My fist curled tight and I brought it crashing against a rock-solid bicep.
 “OWWWWW” I screamed in pain as he laughed heartily. 
“You’re feisty! I’ll give you that.” Kai laughed. “But you do that to anyone else around here and you’ll be tied up and abused in ways you couldn’t imagine, starting with him” He thumbed toward ‘Bro’ “Especially him, he’s a sick fuck. So keep a cool head. Okay?” 
In time, I would find a way to escape, but for now I’d keep my temper contained and my wits about me. I nodded my understanding of the threat. 
“Good!” he smiled. “Now, one last thing.” 
Bro grabbed both my hands and pinned them together above my head. I screamed at the top of my lungs. My legs thrashed, my body squirmed but I was no match for two massive men. Bro was really getting a kick out of my resistance.  
“Relax Sweetheart” Kai said calmly. 
 “Get the fuck off me!!! You monster!!!!!!!!”  
“It’s not what you think – okay. I promise.” 
My body kept fighting until he pulled a dagger out from his jeans. It was similar to the one used to kill Reload and he held it up in front of my face. I flinched, the fight in me gone. My brain went into over-drive trying to find a way out of this. My breathing came in deep gasps, my adrenaline was gone and I felt wiped out. The blade reflected a deep blood red colour as he passed the flat side across his tongue. With his saliva coating the metal, he nodded to Bro who pinned both of my wrists with one hand while the other opened the zip of my hoody. My screams and protests fell on deaf ears. 
Kai lifted my tank top exposing my stomach and ribs. “They not feeding you back at the ranch?” His eyes met mine but held no menace. “You’re skin and bones.”
I gathered a big lump of spit sending it dead centre in his eye “fuck you.” Remnant drool trailed down my chin.
He took the sleeve of his top, cleaned off my chin before wiping his eye dry. He then licked each side of the blade once more before smearing it across my stomach. Fierce guttural words spilled out, magical energy that felt water in origin seeped around us like a wispy veil. Hot liquid of some sort began to ooze from my head down my face, neck arms, then my torso, but I could see nothing. “What is that???” I fretted as it continued down my legs and feet. 
“We don’t want you trying to make any Ley-lines with your blood, so I just sealed your skin.”
“Sealed??” Bro released my hands as Kai began to fix my top. I shoved him away, hard, but he didn’t budge.“Sealed it with what?” When my top was in place, he climbed off me while offering a hand to help me up. I pushed it away and got up under my own steam. 
“Ah, now that’s my little secret.” 
“C’mon, fuck!”  Bro grumbled while walking away. “We’re already late.” 
“Your fault.” Kai shrugged. Then to me he said “we got to walk for a while, might as well get comfortable.” 
Where ever we were it was baking hot, and absolutely beautiful. There wasn’t a soul around only endless white sand and clear blue water. Kai tugged off his white top threw it over his shoulder and did the same with his jeans. He was wearing tight black Speedo shorts that fit him like a glove and from the swagger in his walk, he felt very confident about his physique. Elaborate tattoos covered his entire back and arms.
“Where are we?” 
“Far, far away.” Bro snickered from behind. 
I glared over my shoulder finally getting a good look at him. He had black fluffy hair and a black beard covering most of his face. Mirrored sunglasses hid his eyes. He too had shed his clothes leaving only a tear-drop g-string hiding his package. There wasn’t a centimetre of him, below the neck, that wasn’t tattooed. 
“Shut-up” Kai chided. “Linny, you’ll be told where we are if it is necessary, but it won’t be either of us telling you.”
I couldn’t wait to escape. 

“So why did you kill Reload?” I asked to no one in particular. We had been walking for nearly an hour in the sweltering heat and I didn’t care too much if I upset anyone. 
“None of your business” Bro replied. 
“Why didn’t you just pay him the level five he wanted?  He caught me for you, right? That was his job.”
“Drop it” he warned. 
“He kept to his side of the deal.”
“I said, shut the fuck-up, bitch!!” Bro rounded on me and grabbed my jaw. He whipped off his glasses and bright silver eyes stared me down. They were the exact same colour as Lonan when he had drank my blood.  The burning hate flowing off him right now was hitting me in massive waves. Kai laid a hand on his arm to calm him down. 
Maybe it was stress, or the memory of Lonan almost draining me dry, but it was at that precise second my queasy stomach evacuated bile on him. 
“Ah fuck!! Fuck!!”  Bro swore then dashed to the foamy water to rinse off.  I followed close behind and heaved several more times before I rinsed my mouth. 
Definitely feeling much better!
“Stay the fuck away from me, bitch!” Bro warned. 
“With pleasure” I spat. 
We eventually left the beach and travelled on a long tiled path flanked by tall palm trees, which gave way to a monstrous glass and white concrete structure. Whoever Blue was, he wasn’t poor that’s for sure. 
Two black-suited, mocha-skinned men, built like tanks and wearing mirrored shades came to meet us. They looked like a pair of American football players who had stopped kicking ball and now kicked ass. Judging from their sizeable guts, they probably weren’t into eating small portions or anything that didn’t have fried before its name. From behind them emerged a petite woman several inches smaller than me, sporting black latex gloves and holding a packaged syringe. 
“Processing.” One of the massive tanks addressed Kai
Kai shook his head. “No chip in this one, G. She’s all sealed up.” 
“Blue says everyone gets chipped.”
“She bleeds, she flies. So, no chips. Got it?”
The tank placed a hand near Kai’s chest. “No chip. No entry. Got it?”
“Call Jax.” 
G pressed a device against his ear and communicated the issue. A few seconds later he nodded and said to Kai, “Iba’s expecting you in the guest house.” To Bro he said, “Jax wants to see you.” 
“Thanks G. You’re sunshine and giggles as always.” G’s head moved in the opposite direction, as if Kai didn’t exist and the petit woman disappeared behind them.    
We veered away from the building and went right onto another tiled path which opened out onto what I could only describe as the land of lounge beds, pools and scantily clad men and women. Colourful drinks flowed, Latin music pounded out beats that had some people dancing and giving gravity a work out on their bathing suits, for those who chose to wear one. Apparently clothing was optional here.
Where the hell had I landed. 
“Is this a resort?” 
Kai stopped next to a luxury golf cart and patted the leather seat beside him. I was only too grateful to sit inside and rest my swollen feet. I had tied my hoody around my waist and walked barefoot the entire time. My jeans were currently stuck to my legs with sweat. 
“This is Blue’s home and we are his guests, just as you are his guest.” 
“Prisoner, you mean.” 
“Tomayto –Tomahto” he laughed then drove on past pine trees, villas, more pools and what looked like a shooting range. 
We pulled up in front of a sprawling one-storey wooden villa with a lagoon-mote.
Yes a mote!
A tall Goddess with jet-black hair tied to the side in a chignon and wearing a long white sheer cover-up that didn’t cover her barely-there bikini lounged on a sun bed. She smiled and waved excitedly when she spotted us. “Yipppee! Finally, you made it!” 
Apparently we were long lost friends. 
She got up, slipped into high stilettos and crossed the wooden deck-bridge. She greeted Kai with a deep loving hug that seemed so intimate I looked away.“Oh, so cute! Kai, she’s shy.”My cheeks blazed red, but I kept my mouth shut. “Linny, I’m Iba and I’ll be helping you settle in.”
“To my cell?” I spat.
She looked to Kai with a dumbfounded, almost hurt expression and he quickly rushed to erase the awkwardness.
“No, no, no, no, no, it’s not you, Babe. Linny’s not yet acclimated to her new surroundings, but I’m sure with your help, she will be very happy in no time.”
Iba nodded and smiled briefly with relief. “Great!! Now give me two minutes, I’ve a surprise inside for her.” 
She clopped away in tiny steps, hands fluttering excitedly. Kai whirled me to him and whispered harshly. “Iba’s bat-shit crazy and I mean totally out there fucked-up crazy, but she’s fragile and she’s Blue’s woman. So if you want to survive, keep on her good side.”
“On her good side? What does that even mean?”
“She’s like a child – craves attention, wants to please.”
“Sounds like a dog, a bitch-.”
Kai grabbed my arm painfully. “Don’t fucking upset her. Give her the attention she needs and all will be well.”
Realization dawned on me. “oh..attention like you just gave her?” I shuddered at the thought. “I’m sorry. I’m into guys and will not –.”
“I mean be nice!! Keep her happy.” 
“How can I keep someone unstable happy??? By definition she’s unpredictable, so I’m bound to do nothing at some point that will set her off.”  
“Be creative!”His eyes roved over me. “Do girlfriend things with her. She likes that.”
“I’m the prisoner and the entertainment??!! What kind of place is this?”
“Hell disguised as paradise, baby.”He was still smiling, so it was hard to know if he was serious or not.  
“Who is this Blue guy anyway and what does he want with me?” 
“He’s your future or your executioner. It’s all up to you.” 
“Well that’s very clear – thanks!” My patience was at an all time low. “And why are you even telling me all this?? What’s it to you what happens to me? You’re the one who kidnapped and bought me here!” 
“This is me surviving and helping you survive too.”
“Oh yeah...help me, help you. Help me, help you. Is that it?” 
He frowned in confusion. “I’m thinking, maybe you’ll get along really well with Iba after all.” 
“Why am I even here???!!!!” I was practically squeal-whispering now. 
“Blue wants you and what Blue wants, he gets.”
“And what are you to him?” 
He reached out and touched the ends of my hair, his eyes taking on a sudden sadness. “The condemned.” 
Just then Iba came out with a purple fairy costume complete with wings and handed it to me with glee.”Tah-Daaaah.” I was speechless. Iba took this as awe. “I know right? It’s so beautiful and just perfect for you.” 
“Okay then, I’ll let you two get on with your day.” Kai said cheerily then stepped up and gave a long deep kiss to Iba.
Yeah....She must really love Blue.
“See you around Linny” he called while backing away. 
 “Kai James!!” Iba called out shocked. “Get back here and give Linny a kiss goodbye too. How rude of you to forget her!” 
“No!!” I shouted both hands pushed out in front of me. I managed to calm my voice. “It’s okay, but thank you for thinking of me, Iba.”  Kai smiled looking somewhat relieved. “He told me....” I scrambled to think of a lie “he told me that...... that you always get the last kiss.” 
“It’s true. I do!!” She waved cheerily as Kai jogged to the cart. I rolled my eyes wishing I could be back pulling pints in the madness of The Watering Hole instead of being on Paradise Island where survival meant being a fairy. 
After Kai had left me in the unstable clutches of Iba, she said I stank of stale piss and needed to be showered or be burned with the clothes I was wearing. Based on what Kai said, I was showered in no time. 
The fairy costume fit perfectly and I noticed, with horror, that she had many replicas in all sorts of colours. The day went by in an exhausting blur of trying on every single ridiculous outfit made for me. Reload’s shit-hole was at least tranquil.
When I was Tinker Belle’d out Iba decided we should relax outdoors. In her house, beach wear was the only thing allowed, with a silk wrap over, if necessary, otherwise, I was not channelling my inner Goddess. Fairy costumes were for formal wear only. So wearing a bikini that left nothing to the imagination, I lounged by Iba’s pool and contemplated my escape while she yaked on about hair-care.   

Several hours later, my bare feet hurried along warm concrete tiles, taking two steps for one of Iba’s and Kai’s. Sans stilettos, Iba was six feet tall, with them she would be eye to eye with Ota. That image did not sit well with me for some reason. Maybe because she would be the kind of woman deserving of Ota and not me? 
That’s exactly why, Stupid! 
Sometimes I hated my inner voice. 
The sun was fading in a red haze casting hues of red and gold onto the palatial terrace of the head honcho’s house. In essence we had been summoned to meet him.    
“How do I look, Kai?” Iba asked, nervously patting a red flower above her ear. I didn’t know what she was nervous about. The woman looked runway perfect in a long white off the shoulder chiffon robe. Her black hair fell down her back in gleaming unctuous waves. 
I, on the other hand was dressed as the sugar plum fairy, complete with facial glitter. Or maybe was I more like Glinda, the Good Witch of the North. 
I couldn’t help but wonder what Gwen would make of the delicate pink satin and tulle three-quarter length dress. Probably would need resuscitation from the fit of giggles she’d get. On the positive side, there were no wings, tiaras or wands, just a band of flowers woven into my hair. I had to be grateful for small blessings.  
“Like the exquisite creature you always are” Kai said gently kissing her hand. 
Just before we entered the terrace area, Iba bent down to give me a final check, as a mother would do to a child. “He will be pleased with her, don’t you think?” 
“I am certain of it,” Kai answered confidently. The man was either an expert liar, or he really had feelings for her. Maybe he was just whole-heartedly into the circus that this place was.  
As we stood on the edge of the bustling terrace which in essence was the size of a large wharf, one of the security men, G, I think, clapped his hands twice and the crowd divided. The music stopped and Kai led the way to a plush seating area, where several guards stood off to the side. Men and women occupied the plush semi-circled seats. Blue was sat dead centre. 
He wasn’t hard to spot. Grey designer suit, white shirt, black plaits swirled around his head framing a face completely covered in an intricately designed indigo blue tattoo that looked tribal in nature. The swirls and shading were a work of art and snaked down his neck coiling around his collar bone. Only the skin around his mean black eyes was his natural tone. Even his lips were tattooed blue which added several layers of scary-as-hell to his look. He was muscular, incredibly fit, but not massive like Kai, Bro or the tanks. Still his whole demeanour commanded attention. He was in charge here, this was his turf and God help anyone who challenged that. 
“You have done well, Kai,” he said with a gruff clipped tone. Kai clasped both hands in front and dipped lowly in thanks. 
“We make the test now!!!! Blue boomed. “Bring TuTu-CuCu.” He nodded to G who stepped away. “She is sealed?” 
 “Yes, Blue.” 
“Good.” 
“You” he said curtly pointing to me. “How have you come by this power of Ley?”
At the same time that I registered the accent was foreign, his English broken, I noticed, he had yet to even look at Iba let alone address her and judging by the slight slump in her shoulders, she was disappointed. Why did I even care? I guess, I didn’t want to see her hurt, even if she was technically aiding and abetting my abduction. Still, she had been nothing but scary-nice to me, like a volatile big sister who liked bossing me around and dressing me up. 
Blue’s immediate entourage included some beautiful women who were fawning over him, something he clearly enjoyed, expected even. Was this how he treated Iba? Keeping a claim on her, but not respecting her? That kind of thing really bugged me, but it wasn’t my problem. I had more pressing issues to resolve, like getting the hell out of here. 
“Well, it’s not something I found at the supermarket.”That could have come out just a tad nicer. Blue’s eyebrows rose at my tone. The other security man built like a tank –not G, - H- maybe? - went toward me but Blue stopped him with a barely raised finger. 
No sass! My inner voice warned.   “What I mean is” I said clearing my throat “is it’s a natural ability you discover.”In unnatural ways. 
“You will show those abilities now, and if you fail, you’re life ends this night.”
	What???????????????? 
Just then G returned holding the arm of a very old lady. Her grey hair was sleeked back off her tan weathered face, high-cheek bones and warm eyes spoke of knowledge that saw beyond this moment in time. 
“TuTu-CuCu,” Blue announced with reverence, while gently taking her hand and leading her to stand beside us. He spoke lowly to her ear and with a slight nod of acknowledgement she reached out a shaky hand to touch my face. 
Soft skin on gnarled fingers pressed lightly against my cheek, her eyes closed, her lips moved silently. A heavy frown formed between her eyes, her head inclined to the side, confusion crossing her features. A second hand was placed on my other cheek, her lips moved faster now, her breath hitched right before wide fearful eyes met mine. Weariness or maybe it was sadness crept across her face. Her eyes became glossy right before her head shook slowly. 
Blue wasn’t too pleased to see TuTu-CuCu unhappy and spoke lowly to her. She shook her head again and put her hand out to create distance with him then turned to go back inside. G escorted her lovingly, his big trunk of an arm holding her frail, trembling body. 
Blue turned his attention back to me, his eyes alight with curiosity or madness. It was hard to tell. In a very low voice he said “TuTu-CuCu guards ancient knowledge of my people. She has connection to world of the spirits none here will ever know or understand. She feels sorrow that Spirit has revealed your death is in the wind.”
My death?? What did in the wind mean?
If he was trying to scare me, it was working. I believed some people had the gift of clairvoyance. That said, I didn’t feel ready to leave this world even if the past couple of weeks were a tad shitty. Like most, I hoped to experience the normal stuff, like finding someone to love, having a family, a home, adopting a shelter dog that would drive us crazy. Death was supposed to come when I was too old to go to the bathroom by myself, not when it was going to be windy soon. 
Still, I wasn’t going to fall apart in front of these people. I’d be brave and wait until I was back at the villa to lose the plot. Plastering on a smile that did not reach my eyes, I shrugged and said “great time to max out my credit cards then.” 
Blue appeared perplexed. His eyes quickly shot to Kai, G then H before alighting back to mine. “You mock Spirit’s message of your return to the Realm?” 
He had pronounced Realm as if there were several r’s in the word. With his voice returning to a normal level he laughed. “You are either very brave or very stupid girl. And from what I am seeing,” his gaze swept over me, his lip curling in disdain, “I’m guessing, very stupid.”
“Stupidity, is wearing permanent blue lipstick.” My mind registered the blow to my face as I hit the ground. He had moved with such speed, it could not be human. 
OUCH! My jaw hurt. Two hands hooked under my arms and I was upright and swaying in no time. 
He fixed his suit in place. “Iba, I believe, you will be in good company with this one.” 
Oh, now he notices her!
“Isn’t Linny such a lovely fairy Blu–“ He raised a hand to indicate she cease talking while keeping his eyes trained on me. Iba was clearly hurt with the cold dismissal, but remained silent.  
 Blue snapped his fingers pulling my attention back to him. “Two Elderen have already died at your hand. How did this happen?” 
How did he know about them? Someone had given him this information. But who? Someone from The Council? Or could it be Lonan, or even Evaline? Ota had worked too hard to save me for it to be him; Kangee and Skah, too. 
 If Blue knew everything about me already, it wouldn’t matter what I said, or did, I wasn’t getting out of here alive. Fighting the urge to answer truthfully, my chin rose in defiance, I channelled my inner Glinda and looked him square in the eyes. “Well, I was on the bad side of Emerald City one night and this green faced wizard– ” 
A hand slapped me so fast and hard it twisted my neck leaving me with whiplash and a stinging cheek. 
“Insolent whore!” Blue ground out then went to hit me again when Kai interjected. 
“We’re ready to test her energy. I’ll link with Jax, Bro and make sure we contain it.” 
“You can’t contain it!” I gasped. “It will kill everyone!” Or bring munchy creatures over from another dimension.  
Blue signalled sharply bringing the other tank I had named H to my side.  He yanked my arm pulling me off to the edge of the terrace. 
Blue composed himself, put on a wide smile then walked to the centre of the terrace. His arms spread charismatically, “Talofa my friends, investors! Tonight you are truly privileged for we bring you something most spectacular. A phenomenon our world has not yet seen. Something beyond anything you can imagine, something that will have you dig deep into you wallets to-”
“Go on ‘n spit it out, Blue.” A Southern accent drawled from somewhere in the crowd. “I’m busier than a one legged cat in a sandbox here.” 
“This is big!!!”
	“Yeah, how big?” Another heavily tattooed man asked from behind Blue. 
Blue nodded, clearly enjoying the attention this mystery had conjured. “Let me demonstrate.”   
While everyone was told to move back, I was shuffled by the tank H to a more central spot. “Hey! Let go of me...you big eegit ya!!” I might as well have been talking to a large stone pillar. “What’s your name anyway?” I taunted the hulking form while trying to wrangle free. “H? That comes after G. Or is your name Spot, by any chance?” He clearly didn’t like my teasing. “Is that it? Goes well with your partner, G. But G’ll always have to be introduced first so everyone gets the meaning.”
“Better be quiet, Linny,” the massive form uttered in the softest, most feminine voice I’d ever heard on a man. “You’ve riled Blue up and he’s gonna beat you bad to work out that stress. He can be savage. S’all I’ll say.”
I stopped being a smart ass and stayed still. 
Kai, Bro and another titan, Jax, I assumed circled around me. Blue stepped in close, the intricate detail and shading of his indigo tattoo was so striking I was drawn to each stroke showing the artist’s perfection.  But then he spoke. “They’re going to form containment field. It would be best you cooperate. I already invested much to have you brought to me. I don’t like investments wasted.”  
He stepped back off to the side and it became clear Kai was the magical leader. His green eyes ignited as power infused his entire system, his body was rigid, his arms open wide. Bro followed, adding to the growing power. G followed him, then Jax. Only Kai’s energy seemed truly intense, the others were all somewhat weaker. Still, I doubted that collectively they amassed enough energy to create a field solid enough to contain my Ley power. 
 With their collective energy pulsating madly, Kai stepped up to me, dagger in hand and slowly licked the blade. The knife glowed blood red. With a low mumble he whispered, “don’t be afraid. This is to break the seal, just a little, so we can cut your finger.” 
He didn’t have to bother explaining what he was doing, but I appreciated that he did. Raising my index finger he partially broke the magical barrier allowing him to draw blood then summoned power with words that had my skin covered in goose bumps. With a swift flick red drops fell rapidly onto the tiled floor. Kai stepped back poised for the unknown. 
You could have heard a pin drop as everyone waited with baited breath. Nothing happened. Blue growled, took out his phone and walked out of earshot. He returned moments later carrying a large potted plant. Ripping the young shrub from its roots, he discarded it off to the side, leaving only a pot of soil at my feet. 
“Get the blood in the earth” he commanded to Kai. 
Taking my finger, Kai squeezed a few drops into the dark top soil. Wind whipped my hair wildly, I could feel the earth responding to the offering, absorbing it, accepting it. Kai dashed back to join the others as golden flecks of light burst through the air, instantly forming into a blinding golden beam, which spiralled playfully under my feet and picked me up. 
Gasps of shock rippled through the crowd as I rose rapidly, at least four stories high, before zooming forward and smashing into a semi-pliable, but invisible wall. The Ley line bounced violently, looking for an outlet, but couldn’t find one. It tried to rise higher still, but was still boxed in. 
It felt like I was in a rodeo holding on to the wildest bull in the herd. My body jolted mercilessly. Gritting my teeth against the jagged movements, I tried to coax the energy to calm down, to trust me, but the violent bucking continued. This was completely out of my control and I didn’t know how long it would last. 
The men below were under tremendous strain. Jax was the first to fall to his knees, Bro followed seconds later then G. Kai remained standing, but barely. The protective field started burning up. A loud pop sounded, screams rang out and I was free falling before my head hit something rock hard. My vision blurred for a few moments then G and Spot positioned me beside Blue.
“Instant Ley-lines!” Blue announced, his eyes widened with excitement. Unregistered Ley-lines. Lines that will help carry your products without the Ley Watch interfering.”
“I wouldn’t a believed it if I hadn’t seen it!!” Someone hollered.
“This girl’s blood” Blue pointed in my direction, “is like nothing that exists in our world. And she is mine. I can milk her blood for many, many decades. And, to make sure business continues, we bring in tonight -this very night, my friends -blood specialists to reproduce her blood synthetically for when life comes to natural end.” 
Didn’t the Too-Too Cuckoo woman just say my death was on the way? Hmmffhh! Blue must be holding on to his colon contents if he thinks he might lose his cash cow. 
“In two days time, we will have our first blood auction. Starting price is Level Ten power for every 10 CC vial of blood.” Shouts of outrage exploded from the crowd, but Blue just laughed. “Auction begins here at eight p.m.” 
“Gonna take more than two days to get me a level 10, goddammit?” It was the same Southern voice from minutes ago. 
With a raucous laugh, Blue bellowed out, “Jonas, I bet you’ll be first in line on Saturday night!”  
“Now, with that, I bid you goodnight and hope you avail of the entertainment we have to offer.” 
The massive and strong hands of G and Spot grabbed my arms, dragging me down a long corridor. I lifted my head to the right frowning at their roughness. “You know, as a general rule, ladies like when men are considerate and polite. We’re not into the whole slap-mah-bitch-up scene.” 
Neither responded. 
The corridor meandered for what felt like ages before we stopped in front of a metal door to the left.  We entered a large room where harsh neon lights immediately assaulted my eyes and I squinted to reduce the glare. 
One of the tanks tsked loudly then touched a device beside him grumbling, “that’s Jax to the max again.” The luminosity level lowered to a much more manageable level. 
Light grey walls and a white tiled floor gave the place a pristine clinical feel. But an odour of bleach hung heavy in the air, mingling with the smell of feces and blood. Imbedded in the floor were several channel drains covered with shiny metal grids which ran from strategic spots into a central pipe. Medical supplies, sealed in plastic pouches were packed into four metal trolleys and three hospital beds sat to the right, while three holding cells were to the left. Displayed on a wall straight ahead was an array of tools worthy of any torture chamber. An involuntary shudder rippled through me. 
It wasn’t hard to guess that many a life had swilled away into those drains. 
Spot noticed me tremble and said “Blue gonna let you live, Fairy girl. But you see what’s down here, so you know what happens if you try any funny shit.” 
“Is that what I’m smelling right now, the remains of someone else’s funny shit?” 
Nope, couldn’t keep my mouth shut, could I?    
“You gonna be one dead fairy if you keep that sass up,” Spot advised in an even tone.  G took a small black device from his pocket, pressed on a button and the sound of air hissing came from the cell furthest away. The bars retracted automatically and I was frog marched inside.
I tried to see the positive in this situation by listing the pros of being Blue’s prisoner. 
1.The cell was a lot cleaner than Reload’s hovel. 
2.Iba wouldn’t be dressing me up as a fairy.
3.They wouldn’t kill me straight away, or so they said. 
4.There were no other people being detained, for now. 
5. The cot looked comfortable enough.  
G depressed another button on his remote control activating four unseen sections of the wall. Metal cuffs suspended from short chains which dangled loosely. I re-evaluated that list and number five was crossed off, replaced by, you’re screwed.
Logically, I knew it was futile to resist being cuffed by the tanks, but I had to try because as long as I put up some kind of fight, I had hope of getting out of here. 
“Damn cuff jammed again.” 
Spot’s grip on my wrists loosened as he tried to help G. They hadn’t expected resistance and were unprepared for my sudden drop to the floor and mad dash out of the cell. They were strong but not fast and I managed to sprint to the end of the meandering corridor before my escape was thwarted by a locked door – the kind that takes an electronic card reader to open. Adrenaline pumped through my veins, my heart raced, my breathing became ragged as I searched desperately for a vent, a false ceiling, anything other than this dead end. But there was none.  
Realistically, I knew that even if I had gotten beyond this point there would have been many other tanks and traps thwarting my escape. Still, I felt pleased that I had at least tried. There would surely be some form of punishment for this, but I’d deal with that when it came about. 
The tanks were approaching – their heavy steps and dramatic huffing and puffing gave them away. Leaning against the door, I folded my arms, crossed one ankle over the other and took a long deep breath. My emotions became masked, so when they rounded the corner covered in sweat and mad as hell, all they saw was a cool smiling face.
“You boys could do with some golf carts down here.”  
G was the least laid back of the two. This was determined by the way he grabbed my hair in his thick fist and catapulted me forward. As I was experiencing flight, Spot yelled “Godammit G!! Cool the fuck down! Blue gonna have yo ass if she damaged.”
G yanked my head up, his eyes bore into mine, “I is warnin’ you fairy bitch. Don’t you fuck with me no more!” Turning to Spot he said “lock her up before I put her neck in one of those Goddamn cuffs!!”  With an electronic beep, the door that would have led to my freedom clicked open and G disappeared behind it.  
Spot picked me up in a surprisingly gentle choke-hold and led me back to the cell. After ensuring the door slid shut, he proceeded to place my wrists and ankles in the restraints. Sweating profusely, he removed a large cloth from his coat pocket and dabbed away the perspiration. It took me a moment to realize his shaking shoulders actually meant he was laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” I demanded.
“I ben workin’ a long time with G and I ain’t never seen him that riled up. Always prides hisself on being Mr. Cool. Now you gone an’ broke his chill image. An’ you just an itty bitty thing.” His shoulders shook some more before he started heading out of the cell. 
“Hey Spot!” 
He turned slowly, “what you want, Fairy girl.”
“How long are they going to leave me tied up like this?” 
“Until d’auction.” 
“What!! That’s in two days time????!!” 
“They were gonna let you have bathroom breaks, but I ain’t seen that goin’ down now.” 
“You can’t be serious!!” I screamed. “You expect me to p-.” He activated the cell door with the remote. “Hey! Hey don’t you walk away....” 
He turned off the light then went through the main door leaving me in complete darkness. “Hey come back here you bloody-effin-gobshite-bastard!!!”
Nothing only dead silence filled the air. “Un-fucking-believable!!!!” 

Time became lost in the obscurity of darkness, pain and deep confusion. Sleep meant dozing off for periods that felt like minutes, but could have been hours. Some time into the torture, my legs had swollen considerably in the trapped cuffs and could no longer support my weight. The sudden dead weight of my entire body transferred to my wrists, which caused pain on a level that my body was incapable of absorbing and I fainted. 
When I came to, the short nurse who wanted to chip me when I first arrived appeared above me. The pressure on my arms and legs was gone, the pain dull and somehow, distant.  She took my vital signs and said the luxury of being placed on the adjacent cot was only because G said I had learned my lesson. I was congratulated on my endurance. She had watched it all on camera. It hadn’t occurred to me the room was being monitored. 
My eyes trailed up to the I.V. bag hanging above. She caught my questioning frown and explained that they needed to rehydrate and feed me. I felt a sharp jab in my left arm. She smiled and said it was a little something to help me sleep. My eyelids became heavy as anvils. 
“Happy trails, Linny”
I floated away on a cloud of nothingness.  

“I don’t care how. Just make sure she wake up in next ten minutes!!!” 
“I’ve boosted her to the max, Blue.”
The angry bellow pulled me out of the depths of darkness into the blinding light and a world of pain. After a moment of blinking to focus, Kai hovered into view. Relief crossed his features. “Show-time Fairy-girl,” he said sitting me up. 
“How long have I been out?” My mouth felt pasty, my head woozy and Christ, I smelt bad.
He checked over his shoulder. “Okay, Blue’s gone. C’mon, we need to hurry. The auction begins shortly.” 
Two whole days had passed! Looking down at the hundreds of bruises my arms and legs, thick bandages covering my swollen wrists and ankles, I felt like I had been dredged back from the dead. My body trembled all over and gave sharp jittery movements. Trying to escape had cost me dearly. I should have stayed quiet, been complacent. 
Would have made no difference, they were going to torture me anyway.
God, I felt so scared. Tears ran down my cheeks. I wanted to go home. I wanted to feel safe. I wanted to forget what happened here. 
Kai leaned in closer and I recoiled fearfully. “I had no idea they’d do this to you Linny, I swear. 
“What did you give me? I feel like I’ve had too much coffee.”
“Not me. They’ve Zinged you for the auction.” 
Rubbing my eyes, I looked around at the cell. All evidence of my torture was washed away with bleach. “What does Zinged mean?”
“It’s a boost, but not chemical. It’s from a special plant, kind a makes you energetic.” Glancing over his shoulder again, he whispered, “look Linny, if you behave, don’t resist in any way and give Blue your blood freely, you may eventually get to live in the villa with Iba. If not, I know he’ll keep you here until you die. I guarantee you that.” 
“Why are you condemned?”  His lips pressed together as if that was not up for discussion. “Okay then, what happened after the Ley-line burned out?” 
 “Many things.” Sadness etched his face and he hung his head momentarily. When he looked at me again, those feelings had been masked. “But we’ve no time to discuss them now.” 
Just then Iba came in her face hidden by mounds of green and purple tulle, and iridescent wings! Sweet Jesus, more fairy shit! 
“Come Linny, quickly! We need you presentable in like five minutes.” 
Kai was promptly ushered out of the room. Iba deposited the outfit on a chair and while fluffing the material directed me to the shower. “And use lots of soap. You smell bad.” 
She had yet to look me in the eye. Figuring the stress of the auction was weighing on her, I headed to the shower, cleaned off then returned with a large bath sheet covering me. 
Iba turned to face me. I let out a loud gasp and stepped back in horror. Deep black bruises covered her entire face. Her eyes were badly swollen, her lips gashed and her neck looked like a bear had clawed it apart. Tears ran down her face while pleading, indicated in the light shake of her head, told me it wasn’t worth discussing. 
“Blue?” I asked in a soft whisper. She placed a finger to her lips, she couldn’t talk about it. “Iba. No! Please tell me.”
After stealing a glance over her shoulder, she whispered. “After the experiment, I just said to Blue that you were special, someone he should treat carefully and he lost it. Kai was passed out. Normally he steps in and calms Blue down if he flies into a rage.” Her hand lightly touched a damaged cheek. “He’s the only one who can.” 
“Why do you stay here? Why not leave?” 
“I’ve tried. But he keeps me controlled with a Shocker.” 
“A Shocker?”
She pushed her wrist out and pointed to a tiny scar dangerously close to her artery. “It’s a chip that will send electric shocks into me if I go beyond the boundary.” 
“Could the shock kill you?”
“One won’t, but several will. I’ve never made it far enough to find out how many. The furthest I got, I had been shocked six times. Blood was seeping from my eyes, my ears and I couldn’t walk with the pain in my feet. Kai has tried many times to escape with me, but can’t.”
“Kai loves you, doesn’t he?” 
More tears spilled down her cheeks. Just then Kai came in. He had heard my question and dashed to Iba, holding her lovingly. “Now you know why I’m condemned. I can’t get her out, but I’ll never leave her side. I have to watch that brute constantly berate her. You don’t know how many times I’ve wanted to slash his throat. ”
“But you’ve powerful magic in you, I saw it. Why not contain him like you did me then make your escape?” 
“TuTu-CuCu blocks our magic and only releases it when Blue orders it.” 
“Are we being monitored on camera, now?” 
Kai and Iba exchanged glances. “No, the guards are being reprimanded for what they put you through. Blue didn’t want you harmed. It was G’s idea to torture you.”
Without thinking, I strode over to the table full of supplies and picked up a larger vial. “Fill this with my blood. It will be enough to get you both out of here tonight and will provide several more journeys. I guess the best time to go will be when the auction is in full swing. He’ll be too focused on the bids to notice you’re both gone.”
They both looked at each other in shock, but Kai was the first to speak. “Why would you do this when I kidnapped you? Just look at the state you are in now.”  
“I’m doing it for Iba. So you’d better look after her, keep him from ever finding her, or I’ll come after you with..... with my bad ass fairy wand.” 
They both pulled me in for a crushing hug and I couldn’t help but feel my heart pinch wanting the same love they found, wanting to feel safe. Pushing away lightly, I choked “come on now, let’s get this done. 
Kai prepped the syringe. “We’ll take it from your toe. He’ll be suspicious if he sees a fresh cut on your finger.” 
“Fine by me.” 
“What about you?” Iba asked.
“Kai knows where I was taken from.” Turning to him, I said “once you’re free, you’ll need to contact Ota Two Moon sat....” My mind struggled to remember what Kangee had said while we were on the Ley line. “It was in Buffalo, New York. Ahm....Berry....no....Blueberry.. Blueberry Valley.” My shoulders deflated when I realized I had no exact address. “But where exactly, I don’t know.” 
“I’m sure I’ll find the place, don’t worry.”
“Okay. Let them know where I am.” My eyebrows met in a sudden frown. “Where am I anyway?” 
“On a concealed island near Maui.” Kai said showing he had taken a full vial.
“Wow concealed....who conceals it?”
“TuTu-CuCu. Her magic is impenetrable.” 
A few minutes later, I was led out of the room and in the opposite direction of my escape attempt. We passed through a long bunker-style corridor, my insanely short dress bobbing with layers of tulle. The look Iba was going for was woodland nymph. I thought it was more on par with nymphomaniac. The fact that my breasts were not hanging out over the plunging neck-line was a wardrobe miracle in itself. Iba had confidence in double-sided adhesive tape that I did not. One wrong move and either end of my anatomy would be on display. 
Bandages covering my injured wrists and ankles were masked with dark green silk ribbons. Matching silk gossamer wings waved rhythmically, leaving a steady trickle of glitter in my wake. My hair hung loosely in soft rivulets and although I drew the line when prosthetic pointy ears were suggested, Iba’s fear of displeasing Blue made me concede. 
Emerging into a curtained off area, music pounded out frenzied African beats, I could feel the buzz of energy rising from the terrace. It was full of greed, desire, lust and....fury? Someone out there was in a temper. Probably had something to do with Blue and the way he ran his business. 
According to Kai, Blue had everyone chipped, which completely blocked their magic. That made a lot of people unhappy, but Blue compensated for the invasive security procedure by seeing that all bidders‘ needs’ were met. Nothing in terms of ‘entertainment’ was refused and according to Iba some of those tastes ran into the ‘totally sick’ category.
We emerged out of the corridor and into a curtained off area. Blue suddenly appeared behind us flanked by G and Spot. If looks could cause homicide, I committed a double with the looks I threw them. Blue took in my outfit with an appraising eye and smiled. His hand reached for Iba, but she flinched fearfully. My heart poured out compassion for this tortured creature, who couldn’t tell whether violence or affection was coming her way. 
“There, there” he consoled laughingly. “You learned a lesson, no.”
Lesson! Christ the woman was innocent! 
Turning to me he said “and you have also learned a similar lesson, no?”
My blood fizzed and I wanted nothing more than to see him get a taste of what he had inflicted on us. Judging by Kai’s clenched jaw, he was ready to knock Blue’s lights out. I glanced at him, willing him to calm down, they were almost home free. 
“She’s unsealed?” Blue barked. 
“All the way.” Kai stated calmly.
“Okay. Get her back to the villa,” he gestured to Iba, “then stay at the back of the crowd, make sure things don’t get rowdy. We have twice the amount of people expected. ” Kai took Iba by the arm and practically ran out of there.
Loneliness was not something I had known in my life, but seeing my last allies leave, I felt their loss deeply. 
“This is what you need to know” Blue said while holding up a thumb.“Your blood will be extracted in front of guests, so they see I do not mess with anything.” He raised his index finger. “Once everything is bottled and just before the auction, you demonstrate with a tiny drop of blood what Ley line is like.” His middle finger was flicked out to emphasize the third point. “Lastly, you auctioned off to highest bidder for night of fun.” 
He passed through the curtains before I could say a word. The torture, sleep deprivation, drugs and starvation had barely been manageable, but being sold had my jaw slack and my body trembling with fear. There was no way, I would be subjected to someone’s perverse idea of fun and I was willing to die rather than be prostituted out to a slime ball. 
Blue was getting the crowd worked up out front. Big hands grabbed my arms pushing me toward the curtain. My legs tried to act as brakes but were no match for the powerhouse who had a hold of me. 
“Spot” I spat, “let me go! I-” 
The curtain was ceremoniously pulled open “......our very own LEY FAE!!!!!!!!!” Blue exclaimed and the crowd went wild. I was shoved out front and centre. Hundreds of people lined the terrace. Men and women of every nationality vied to be first in line. G and some other tanks I hadn’t seen before performed crowd control on the more eager members at the very front of the crowd. They may have been there for my blood or entertainment, it was impossible to tell.
Blue hushed the crowd getting their undivided attention before going into science-guy mode. The nurse from the cell appeared from behind the curtain and made her way beside me. 
“The blood of this woman is very special” Blue explained, “because it contains particles-”
Someone shouted “let’s see the Ley-Fae Fly!!!!” 
A few more joined in until it grew to a collective chant “Ley-Fae Fly.”“Ley-Fae Fly.” 
The change to his itinerary did not please Blue, but it seemed he would appease the bidders come to pay their Level ten. He played the crowd, pretending he couldn’t hear them then bent his ear in their direction, egging them to shout even louder. They obliged with gusto but he pretended he still didn’t hear them. Only when their collective chant reached a crescendo did he give them the thumbs up driving them wild with excitement. 
With a snap of his fingers Blue had Spot usher me to a section of earth in a small wooden garden box and the diminutive nurse joined me. 
“A miniscule drop.  Nothing more.” Blue told her with a warning look, “I want the bidding to get underway.” 
“TuTu-CuCu’s got it contained?” She asked.
Blue nodded. “She created a small, but powerful field that will hold the energy.” 
I didn’t think it mattered what quantity of blood was added to the earth, the effect was surely going to be the same, but I wasn’t about to tell them that. Mostly because I wasn’t sure if a small quantity affected the size of the energy beam it created. 
The nurse took my index finger, and in a move so fast I barely caught it, had nicked my skin. I wouldn’t have known there was a cut there, if I hadn’t seen the speck of red sitting on my finger top. She pushed it deep into the dirt.
The earth was warm, moist and tingling beneath my touch as it accepted the donation. Not that it was donated per se. Still, it took only a few seconds before millions of sparkling flecks floated into the air flying in random directions before coming together to form the golden beam of light.
The crowd went wild, their cheers filling the night air. I felt the beam sweep under me carrying me higher, faster than before. While ascending several floors up, a movement to my left caught my eye. The tall figure standing on a private balcony watched the show below with a wide grin on his face. I’d know that smug bastard anywhere. Lonan!
Anger on a level I had never known before filled me. It all made sense now. He was the one Blue paid to abduct me. The beam continued to rise, but my gaze remained fixed on Lonan. He was the one who told Blue I was in Buffalo. But how did he know? Evaline must have told him. I knew it had been Lonan who suggested they provide the pot of soil. Rat Bastard! So much for detoxing with Rosie and Evaline!! 
My rage halted when the beam tried to move forward but crashed hard with a massive whack. We’d reached the limits of the containment field and the Ley line fought for release by slamming like a ball against invisible walls. Each impact was powerful, way harder than I anticipated and I scrambled for a way out, or off. 
Loud explosions echoed around me. Spots appeared before my eyes, as thick, black smoke began creeping rapidly amongst the crowd. Soaring flames swirled behind me. The line lowered somewhat allowing me a better view of the crowd below which were scattering like frightened mice. Three dark clothed figures walked amongst them showering exploding balls of light, thick incendiary devices and a vortex of poisonous smoke. My eyes widened at the sight of Ota, Kangee and Skah wreaking havoc on, what I was sure was, an impenetrable compound.    
“Ottaaaaaa!” I screamed just as the line swooped down to the ground bringing me eye to eye with the body of TuTu-CuCu. Her eyes were wide, her mouth open in shock and Skah’s ball of light glowed from the centre of her forehead. 
Another deafening explosion rang out and the line snapped hard and fast, catapulting me into the air. No containment field held me this time, as whatever TuTu-CuCu had created, dissolved in the wake of her death. An explosion detonated beside me. The wave flattened me against the beam. My ears buzzed loudly, liquid leaked down either side of my cheeks and suddenly I was falling. My legs scrambled to find purchase on anything solid, but failed. Thick smoke blinded me completely. There was a long moment of feeling airborne, of realizing I had no bearings whatsoever then warm water gushed over me, encasing me in its deep, dark folds. 
Looking up, I realized I was submerged far below the ocean’s surface. I hadn’t taken a deep breath and now, there wasn’t enough air in my lungs to bring me above water. Quelling the panic rising in my throat, I pulled my arms high above my head then pushed down through the water, but didn’t propel myself up by more than an inch. 
.A burning sensation in my chest told me I had a date with the grim reaper. 
The will to survive made me kick violently as I battled to ascend. Was this where my life would end, in a watery grave? Christ! 
Pain seared my chest. The desire to gulp down a mouthful of water was almost unbearable. A rocket plummeted past me in a blast of foamy bubbles. Strong ripples propelled me away then down further still. I was sinking fast. If it was possible to come back and haunt Lonan, I would. I’d make him shit his pants simply by saying boo!
Strong arms wrapped around my waist and suddenly I was ascending faster than I could comprehend. Water pushed past my head at great speed and a second later, I broke through the surface. The magnificent feeling of air filling my lungs was a sensation I would carry with me for the remainder of my days. No matter how few were left.
Several arms lifted me out. Brushing water and hair from my eyes and I saw the most beautiful vision before me, Kangee and Skah!!! While I coughed water out of my lungs, Ota appeared before me and I realized there and then he had been the one to save my life. 
“Otaaa!” I cried throwing my arms around his neck. He drew me into a fierce embrace where our bodies moulded together in elation. His nose nuzzled my neck while he repeated “I found you, you’re safe now. You’re safe.” 
I couldn’t believe it! The man had blown up a compound and dived into the ocean for me!!For the first time since he took the light from me, I felt peace in my heart, I felt at home.
He cupped my face, raising my eyes to his. Black pools of warmth bathed my heart. “Linny. I’m so-” 
“Hey, hey, hey! Ota’s not the only one here!” Skah laughed and tugged me to him.
“Oh my God, Skah!” I said and hugged him hard. 
Skah spoke through clenched teeth while bear hugging me. “Missed. You. So. Much  Gurrl.”
Sitting behind him was the colossal Kangee, who sandwiched both of us in an even bigger, tighter bear hug. “Good havin’ you back Tinsel Toes. We sure was worried ‘bout you, not to mention Ota was an ass to live with while you were missing.” 
Really?“Can’t. Breathe, Kangee.” I strained happily and he let go with a hearty chuckle. Relief and warmth filled me up. “I can’t believe you’re all here. How is it possible?” My eyes turned to Ota, “I thought I’d never see you...all, again.” 
“Reunion talk later,” Kangee said, “we got us some bad ass dudes on the way and we need to get out of here.” 
Looking down, I was shocked to see we were on my Ley line hovering just above the ocean!! “What the-?  I didn’t understand exactly why we were hovering but that didn’t matter now.  
“The line was just hovering here,” Ota explained “waiting for you to come back.”
“Really?” I gasped. “That’s incredible!”
“And…I’d say this here line be looking for some direction from you, Linny. Figure y’all could get us back to Blueberry Valley?” 
“Of course!” My mind merged with the Ley line and I visualized us heading back to Kangees’ ex’s place.”  Immediately we rose up then zoomed forward with speed I could not never get used to. A second later, we were encapsulated on the beam and zooming through the night air. Skah said the journey would be longer than the Trans-Atlantic one and to be prepared for the same side effects.
While Kangee and Skah chatted lowly amongst themselves, Ota turned me around to face him. “You okay, Linny?” His thumb caressed the bruises on my arm.
“ Lonan is involved in all of this.” I gushed. “I saw him....Evaline and Rosie need -”
“Right now, you’re my only concern. What happened back there?”
I know 	Ota was eager to know everything that happened, but emotionally, I didn’t have it in me to talk about the whole ordeal. 
The silence grew and he understood I was struggling. “We’ll talk about it later.” Then he simply held me in his arms and I cradled my head against his chest, basking in the sense of freedom and security. 

Our return to Buffalo was almost a carbon copy of the first time, in that I had three drunk men pass out on the lawn and I was super-charged enough to look after them. Skah was placed on the couch, Kangee on the floor beside him and Ota beside Kangee. The only difference this time was, I sent all my excess energy back into the ground.
I used a different spot on the lawn, right next to the patio doors,  as I didn’t want to risk being unable to make it back inside. Kangee’s ex would probably think someone was digging giant divots in her lawn, but I’d try and fix it up somehow, along with Rosie’s bathroom. 
After locking the patio doors behind me, I felt close to collapsing. What I had endured as Blue’s prisoner hit me in a wave of panic, disorientation and fear. This was not a time to sleep alone. So grabbing a spare pillow and blanket, I arranged them on the floor near the sleeping beauties and crashed out.

Bright light filtered through the window pulling me from a deep, peaceful slumber, the best I had in many days. A big muscled arm lay snug across my abdomen, its weight heavy, protective. Solid pectorals pressed against the back of my head while thick thighs nestled under my bum. My eyes slowly travelled down the length of the tanned arm. Multiple black bands were tied together with a turquoise stone, identifying who the arm belonged to. Ota was not where I had seen him last. He had either consciously decided to nestle beside me or he was a sleep-walker looking to spoon a fairy. The latter made more sense. 
Lifting the arm up gently, I managed to almost extricate myself from his protective grip before he hooked it in tighter. “Everything okay, Linny?” he mumbled softly into my hair.  
Oh my God! He was only too aware of who he was with, which meant he hadn’t been sleep-walking. “Yep...ah..grand,” I whispered while removing his arm. “Just need the loo.” 
“What’s a loo?”
“A bathroom,” I whispered then made my way upstairs.
In the master bedroom, I placed my fairy clothes in a garbage bag along with the prosthetic ears, ribbons, wings, as well as the bandages covering my wrists and ankles then went to the bathroom and caught my reflection in the mirror. 
Sweet Jesus!! 
I took a step back not recognizing the ghost staring back at me.  Messy, dirty, matted hair, a gaunt, pale face and dark shadows circled my eye. Adding in the various injuries and colourful bruises around my arms, wrists and ankles, I made the ideal candidate for a Tim Burton movie. No stage make-up necessary. I couldn’t believe Ota had actually spooned this!!
Shaking my head in puzzlement, I ran the water as hot as I could tolerate, stepped in and relished the luxury of something so banal.  I offered up a silent thanks that I was no longer Blue’s prisoner, while at the same time swearing I would see Lonan punished for what he did. The fact that my death was supposedly imminent didn’t give me much time, but I’d find a way somehow. 
I was incredibly grateful to be here with Ota, Kangee and Skah, but I didn’t know how safe I was. Those portal thingies could open up just about anywhere and haul me through it. Reload had used one right here within the supposedly-warded property and Kai used one as well to take me to Psychotic Island. 
Despite scrubbing several times from head to toe, no amount of washing could remove the images of Reload abducting me, of Kai and Bro kidnapping me, of the torture in the cell and then the fear of Blue selling me off to some sicko. Jesus, what a nightmare!  
They say time heals all wounds, yet I knew a lot of time would pass before the events of the past couple of days would ever fade from memory. 
Ota could heal me, but he had done enough already and asking for more didn’t feel right. 
I towelled off, slipped into underwear, skinny jeans and a long sleeved top before blow-drying my hair to silky soft finish. Feeling refreshed, I felt my appearance got promoted from a zombie extra to fight-club loser. Taking a deep breath, I decided vast amounts of caffeine would be needed to face the day. 

The aroma of fresh coffee percolating was as comforting as sitting by a warm fire in wintertime. I leaned my elbows on the counter watching the drips plop in rapid succession as they filled the pot. My stomach growled loudly and I couldn’t remember the last time I had eaten. The nurse said they had fed me intravenously, so that would explain why I hadn’t collapsed from starvation. Feeling famished, I set about making breakfast for everyone. 
While whisking eggs to make pancakes, I had bacon, sausages and hash browns crackling in pans on the stove. Pushing up my sleeves, I poured myself a coffee, added some cream and took a long glorious gulp. An involuntary moan escaped me. “ooohhh mmmhmmm! That hit the mark.”I picked up the whisk and continued beating the eggs. 
A freshly showered Ota appeared beside me. His black t-shirt and black pants made him truly a sight to behold. He stepped in close so our bodies were almost touching, his hand reached out to place stray locks behind my ear. There was such tenderness in his eyes, I felt my throat tighten. 
“Let me feed you, Bia,” he said easing the whisk from my hand.
I really must have looked half-starved. “Okay,” I smiled. “I’ll pour you some coffee.” 
When his eyes alit on my battered wrists, his jaw clenched, his look turned deadly. He put the whisk down and held my hands. 
“What have they done to you?”  His deep voice was filled with quiet disgust. “Are you in pain? How else have they hurt you?“
Placing my palm against his chest, I shook my head. The last thing I wanted was to relive the past few days. “For now, let’s just eat. Okay?” Tears threatened to fall over, but I swallowed them away. 
“Okay. But after you’ve eaten, I am taking care of you. No arguments. ” His eyes lingered on my lips before he began poured the eggs into the pan. 

Breakfast was amazing. Having Ota, Skah and Kangee around the table teasing each other did my heart good. Eating almost as much, if not more than them, did my stomach good too. When our plates were empty, Kangee cleared his throat and spoke to me. “You feel up to tellin’ us what y’all gone done when Ota here skipped upstairs after takin’ your light.” 
I couldn’t help but glance at Ota and blushed madly at the memory of what had happened and my decision to leave the house, which ultimately led to so much trouble. Fixing a spot on the table mat, I explained about going for a walk and how I ensured I was well inside the borders so as not to set off the wards. I described coming upon the Gazebo and lying on the canopy. 
Once I mentioned the mosquito bite, Skah said sardonically “they’re tiny darts filled with Reload’s drug of choice.”
My eyebrows rose in surprise, “you know him?”
“He’s a rogue tracker. Bat shit crazy too. Only works in dark Magic. He’s good, but not good enough to break our wards.”
“We learned it was Reload who took you from your brother, Oran.” Kangee interjected. “My guess is someone with a higher power level broke through our spells and let him in.” 
“No way!” Skah said disagreeing with Kangee’s hypothesis “I think he was already on the property before we protected it. He just hid out until he could catch Linz alone.” 
“Did Reload harm you in any way?”  Ota had spoken lowly and there was no mistaking the growl emanating from his chest. I didn’t trust myself to keep it together, if I went into lengthy descriptions, so I just shook my head. “He restrained me, but nothing else.”
 “He tell you anythin’ we all here need to know about?” Kangee asked. 
“He’s dead” I explained.“The man called Bro stabbed him instead of paying him the level five power they agreed on. He wanted to be known as Reload-Five.”
“That there’s some jump from Level 1.” 
“We were in the town looking for you when Oran approached us” Skah added. “He told us about the two guys he saw take you from Reload’s place.” 
“I saw Oran just before Kai and Bro took me through the second portal. But I was paralysed and couldn’t get away.”  It was hard to believe the contradictory nature of my brother. I wasn’t complaining because it was his information that had me sitting here, a free person today.
“We were sure you would fight,” Ota added with a sympathetic smile. “and that you wouldn’t give up.” 
“Yeah” Skah interjected. “Cause he wouldn’t sleep the entire time you were missing -”
“Not now.” Ota warned.
Skah ignored him “yeah, wouldn’t let us sleep either.”  
Realizing they had gone through so much to get me back, I decided to just tell them everything, no matter how much I wanted to avoid doing so. I explained how Kai performed a spell sealing my skin and preventing me from escaping. With difficulty, I told them about Blue and what he, G and Spot had done down in the cell, as well as what they planned to do. I described how Lonan was standing on a balcony in the compound and was involved in it all. 
Ota looked like he was trying his very best to contain his festering anger. 
“Still can’t believe one of our own would turn out to be such a goddamn son of a bitch,” Kangee said before eyeing the others. “He gone turned to Blue when he escaped Rosie’s detox treatment and was trying to guarantee himself a lifetime supply of her blood while living the island life.”
“He won’t be causing us trouble again.”  Ota declared with confidence. 
“Did he die at the compound?”
Skah shrugged. “There were several explosions at the site. The clean-up crew we sent in after us are still identifying bodies. We’re pretty sure he was hit.”
“I feel sorry for Evaline. Her baby will have no father.” 
“Even if he was alive, he would have been a very unreliable father,” Ota explained. “He’d be a risk to his own child. In fact, he was incapable of putting his family first. He was living only for his habit.” 
Ota avoided mentioning my blood was the habit and for that I was grateful. Still, what he said made sense, but at the same time, my heart went out to Evaline and their unborn child. I just hoped she was staying with Rosie and getting the support she needed through all of this. 
My head shook in amazement. “Still, I don’t know how you all even managed to get in. That place was like Fort Knox.”
“Oh, we got in easily enough,” Skah pronounced proudly.“Found a guy who didn’t need his arm anymore. Those chips don’t deactivate post-mortem.”
I should have been disgusted, but I wasn’t. They did a tremendously brave thing by just showing up at Blue’s compound.
“Kangee and I targeted Lonan.” Skah relayed lightly, as if he was describing a football match. “We saw him go down then we went in search of you. With the outfit they gave you, you weren’t hard to spot.”
“How did you manage to even find me? I mean, Oran saw who I was with, but could he see where I was taken?” 
Skah and Kangee exchanged looks with Ota and an uncomfortable silence hung in the air. They were still keeping secrets, despite everything that had happened. Normally I’d be pissed off, but right now, I was too happy basking in my own freedom to make an issue of it.  
Still, I was surprised when Ota spoke up, “Oran was unable to follow you through the portal, but described the men who abducted you. When we got to Reload’s place, they had long gone. There was no sign of a struggle, so we just assumed Reload had taken off after the deal was done. Oran did not mention there had been murder and we did not find a body. Because you were taken through an unsanctioned portal, it took us some time to figure out your exact whereabouts.”  
His eyes locked onto mine, resolute in what they were saying -he would not lie to me, would do his best to tell me as much as he could. My heart skipped a beat then began racing as I took in his full lips and angular jaw line. God, I could kiss him again. Clearing my throat, I steered my mind away from the lustful thoughts currently occupying it. 
“What is an unsanctioned portal and how does it even work?” I directed my question to all three, but Ota responded. 
“The vast majority of people in our world travel on the established Ley lines, but there are those who can afford to travel by portal. It’s comparable to most people travelling by plane and a select few travelling by rocket. With Portal travel, they arrive at their destination almost immediately. There are requirements to be submitted in order to get your Takai or sanctioned portus, if you will. Unsanctioned travel is done by using a Takai obtained through illegal means. 
“What does a Takai look like? Reload and Kai both used a dagger type thingy to open the portals?” 
“That is a Takai.”Ota produced a magnificent, stone encrusted dagger, more elaborate than the one Kai used. “It is the knife which cuts the earth’s energy and opens the portal.”
“Did you use a dagger to get to Blue’s compound?”
“Yes. We did. We arrived in the water under the wharf.” 
For some reason I felt there was a whole side to that story that was not being told, but I went with what they could tell me. “Did you all get those electronic chips injected into you at the event?”
Ota didn’t break eye contact while he smiled “Let’s just say, we eliminated any need to be chipped.”  Skah and Kangee cracked up laughing at that, but I had no idea what it meant. 
“Need to know. I get it.” I said curling my lips with a sardonic smile. 
“Alls you really need to know, Linz, is no more assholes’ll be comin’ after you.” Kangee declared. Skah nodded in agreement. 
Damn I could feel a tight knot forming in my throat and couldn’t express the gratitude that was in my heart for these men and the trouble they were going through on my account. 
“To say thank you falls so very short of how grateful I truly feel. I’ll never be able to repay you all for saving my life.” If they hadn’t been there, I would be God knows where right now. 
Skah was beside me in a flash, his arms wrapped tight across my shoulders. “You’re our Linz....gotta protect our girl, right?”    
“That’s right,” Kangee said with a light pat on my arm. “You’re a lotta fun to be with and the biggest kinda crazy I seen for a long time.” 
His belly laugh was brief and I had to smile at the back-handed compliment. At least that’s what I took it for. It was hard to tell when I couldn’t see his eyes. 
I went to pick up the plates, but Ota replaced them back on the table. “You guys pick up.” He ordered Skah and Kangee. “Linny made breakfast.” 
When Skah moved away Kangee eyed Ota. “And what you gonna do, man?” His chuckle was devious. 
Ota took my hand in his, lifted my sleeve and displayed my injuries. “Fixing what that brute Blue did to her.” 
I squirmed at the attention and tugged the sleeve down. The ruffling of the material was the only sound in the room. Ota took my hand as if it was made of a hundred year old paper and led me out of the room. 

When we entered the ensuite bathroom off the master bedroom, I swallowed nervously. Silently he lifted me onto the counter and pulled up each sleeve carefully. 
“Rosie’s ointment,” he said reaching behind me then opening a small circular tin. I went to dip my fingers in it but he shook his head, placing my hand away. “Let me do this for you, Bia.” 
His tone was rich, sultry and I felt my breath hitch. The balm was spread into my injuries with soft circular strokes that felt so loving, so tender it offered relief to my heart more than any damaged tissue. 
“Why?” I asked. “Why are you doing this?” 
He didn’t answer at first, instead took the time to wash his hands and dry them off then lifted me down from the counter. He began to open the button of my jeans. “Hey, hey, hey” I said blocking his hands. “What are you doing?” 
“Can’t get at your ankles with those tight jeans.”
My body had taken a right beating with everything that happened at Blue’s, but I didn’t think my heart could take any damage if it fell any further for this man. “I’ve got this,” my voice cracked. “I’ll put the cream on.......”   
He held my face, the coolness of his skin sending shivers down my spine. “I have watched you inches from death, beaten, bruised, and damaged so many times, yet you come back from each battle with your spirit unbroken, your heart courageous and your will strong. In my eyes, you are a true warrior, Bia, one who deserves to have her wounds tended to and her health restored. It is an honour for me to do this for you.” He slowly took my hands from the waistband, “allow me to care for you.” 
I forgot to breathe. His hands slowly slipped open the zip then moved the jeans over my hips and down my legs. His eyes rested on my thighs before burning a trail up to my panties. Darts of desire struck my core. “This how you always perform first aid?” 
“On you? Absolutely.” He suppressed a smile then slipped my jeans to the floor. Without effort he lifted me onto the counter then carefully smeared the ointment around my ankles. 
I was going to combust!
After he was finished and had washed his hands of the greasy ointment, he lifted my chin and said “wait here. I’ll be right back.”
	Watching his retreating figure, I leaned my head against the vanity mirror behind me and sighed. When he was around, I felt so good, safe, protected, happy. 
And when he wasn’t? 
I felt empty, empty to the point of being unwell. 
Nauseous? 
Suddenly certain memories started to connect. Each time he was not in proximity, I felt ill.  The first time I noticed it was when he left for The Council meeting. I had been sheltered by Rosie’s protective magic while we experimented, but when that ended, I felt his absence and became nauseous. After fake-Brice took me on the motor bike, I had felt it there as well, and again when Kai and Bro abducted me. Any other time I felt ill it was either because I had drank too much mead after the healing or when I was in Reload’s stinky dump. 
 What did that mean? Was it something I could test? What distance would I have to travel before I felt it? That is, assuming it’s true. 
“These should fit you” he called as he entered the bathroom with a pair of black shorts. 
Shorts? Yikes! I didn’t want the ugly wounds on display. “My jeans are fine.” 
“There’s a belt if they’re a little big. Kangee’s Ex is shaped differently than you, but some years back she lost..” He stopped short for some reason. “What?” He asked catching my look of horror. “You don’t want them?”
“No....well...I mean....I just don’t want these marks on display. That’s all.”
“These wounds are not to be hidden because they must heal. And even if scars remain they are marks of survival, of strength, certainly not imperfections.” 
I reached out to take the shorts, wanting to ask where his imperfections lay because I certainly couldn’t see any, but he was already guiding them over my ankles being careful not to disturb the salve. He lifted me down from the counter and I zipped up the loose shorts securing them with the belt. He pulled the sleeves of my top up past my elbows then led me out of the bathroom, his hand low on my back. 

Spotting my phone on the bedside table, I suddenly realized I had made no contact with my mother and Gwen for a couple of weeks. If Evaline had been imitating me, she surely would have stopped given all that was happening in her life.  “Ota, I’ll be downstairs in a few minutes.”
“Okay,” he said with a glance at the phone. 
Once I was sure he was out of ear shot, I called my mother first. She was on her way out to dinner with her man and reminded me my call was ill-timed. Still, she went on to ask a hurried series of questions then answered them all at the same time. Are you alright? Well of course you’re alright, you’re calling. Are you having fun?  The photos you sent certainly proved you were.”
No idea what that meant. 
“You aren’t putting on weight, Dearie, are you? It’s quite unsightly, so watch the pasta quantities you consume.”
Yep, kudos for not creating a positive body image!  
After she rambled on, I interrupted her monologue, “Were you sorry you had a daughter?”
Silence hung in the air before a frustrated sigh was followed by a loud tsk, “really Linny, you have to be the most dramatic child I know. Now, enjoy your evening, we’re enjoying ours.” 
“So that’s a yes then,” I said to the dial tone. God! What had I done to be such a disappointment to my family? Why would my brothers be so deserving of love and affection, but not me?  It was like as if I wasn’t even her own flesh and blood.
 Are you?
What a stupid question I mocked. Of course I am!! Then why was I feeling doubt? Was it because of Duff’s Transition Ota had shown me? 
That and many other things. Open your eyes!
Was I raised by people who were not my biological parents?  But I went to school, wasn’t a birth certificate needed for proof of identity? I had never seen it. My mother had told me she was very ill before I was born and the whole experience was vague for her. All my school mates, were born at the only maternity hospital in the small city, so I assumed I was too. But there were no photos of me as a new-born. Blood drained from my head as disbelief turned to suspicion. 
My heart wasn’t up to calling Gwen, so I sent her a brief text filled with lies. She responded immediately, relieved to have heard from me, at last. She was totally in love and blissfully happy. After sending her a final message of a smiley face, I ordered a birth record from the province’s regional health authority.  I completed the online payment transaction for the service, left an email contact then powered down the phone and went to join the others. 

Approaching the living room, Kangee’s deep voice carried into the hallway “If you don’ go’ on ‘n set things straight with her, I will goddammit!” His warning was clear. “This shit’s gettin’ old, man. Girl’s got a right to know is all.”  
“I saw it from the get-go” Skah added “ but you shoved me out the door, man. I’ll be collecting for that one of these days,” he chuckled at the last part. His spirit was like sunshine in a tea-cup. Always positive and radiant no matter how tense the tone.  
“I’m not telling her!” Ota objected, “and that’s final! She’s not of our world and won’t understand.” 
My stomach clenched at how he could be so distant one minute, yet so caring and tender another. Maybe he had an identical twin or a clone.  
“Then you’s making one big mistake.” Kangee advised calmly. 
I walked into the room. Kangee was lying on the couch. Skah was seated on a mat by the empty fireplace and was chorusing his brother’s opinion. Ota was sitting straight in an armchair between them. He spotted me first and quickly walked over. 
“You okay?” he asked with a concerned look as his hand took my arm. “You’re very pale.” Without taking his eyes from mine he said, “Skah, get her a Morgue Walker.”
Kind Ota was back. 
“No, thanks – to whatever that is.” I turned up my lips in mild disgust. “I’m okay.” 
“You’ve been through a lot, Bia. This is a fortifying drink and will do the trick, believe me.”
“What is it?” 
“Girl, that drink’ll make the dead get up ‘n dance,” Kangee laughed. 
“Ahm..I think I’ll pass.” 
“It’s not alcohol.” Ota pressed, “more like a sweet plant extract. You will feel much better after having some. I will have a glass with you, if you wish. We all will.”
“Sounds like Zing. The stuff they gave me at Blue’s.”
“You were Zinged?” Ota’s jaw clenched. Kangee swore under his breath.
“Just to get me up and about before the auction.”
“This is not the same. Zing is like poison.”
His look told me he wanted me to trust that what he was offering wouldn’t harm me, so I relented and said “okay, just a little bit then.”
“Good. Then if you’re up to it, we need to formulate a plan for the next week.”
Another week! 
This was going to be tough. “Mmhmm” I muttered evasively. 
Without looking up, Kangee raised a limp hand and waved at me to sit down. “C’mawn Butter Cup, sitjer butt down. We all gonna chew the fat ‘n all that fun stuff.” 
There was another armchair available, but I decided to sit on the mat by the fireplace. Just then Skah returned with a tray of four glasses filled with a red blood-like substance. It held very little appeal. 
“Now it looks worse than it tastes” he smiled before scooting in beside me. Something about Skah’s energy was comforting and right now, I needed all the comfort I could get. He moved even closer, his shoulder rubbing against mine. 
We all raised our frosted glasses momentarily then they each took big long gulps. I sipped it tentatively and was pleasantly surprised at the delicate sweetness and refreshing taste. My second sip was somewhat longer and that seemed to satisfy their need to see me get on the right track. Despite the coldness of the Morgue Walker, I found it heating me up from the inside out, while a hint of wellness began to form in my heart. Hugging my knees to my chest, I waited to hear about their plan. 
“You feelin alright?” Kangee asked while raising himself up lazily.
“Yep, fine” I lied. My thoughts were all over the place. It felt like so much was happening, I was on overload.“So what do we need to plan?”
“Keeping you safe.” Skah put his arm protectively around my shoulder, as if sensing my mood. Ota eyed him warily, clearly afraid he’d accidentally give me light again. 
“Until the clean-up crew report back and positively identify the deceased, we have to assume Lonan is alive and may come after Linny again. We also have other trackers who will be out to get her. And it can be anyone - a Shadow, Curatti, even a Council member. We cannot take any chances – we trust nobody.”
Kangee agreed with Ota. “We’ll be good here for a couple of days ‘til the reinforcements arrive.”
“It’s gonna be great” Skah smiled. “Haven’t seen the Crew in a while.” 
More people were coming here? That meant they could get harmed if hunters found us and I was damned if I was giving any more trouble to anyone. 
“Look this could all go away,” I interjected “if I just go to The Council on my own.”
“NO!!!!” All three shouted and I jerked with the unexpected force of their response. 
“Okay...okay” I raised a hand to appease their ire, “but I can’t bear the thoughts of any of you getting hurt again. If the tables were turned you would want to do exactly the same thing. I’m sure of it. I mean saving me from Blue and...” I stopped there because a tight knot became lodged in my throat. 
Skah took my hand in his and the empathy flowing from him was more powerful than Rosie’s soothing balm. I couldn’t help but smile and sigh.
“Skah!!” Ota snapped and he pulled away his hand. 
“Git up from there!” Kangee bit, “y’all gonna fill her with your light again, goddammit!”The young brother scooted into an armchair opposite Ota. Even though he was only a few feet away, I missed his presence.  
“Linny, listen” Ota said, his tone weary as if his battery was about to run out. 
I wanted to hug him and take away all this trouble I had caused, but was not brave enough to act on those feelings or speak my mind. I sat where I was, happy to be alive and to be with them. 
“You know The Council have a reward out for your capture” he continued. “How do you think they’ll treat you once you’re in their charge? They’re not as evolved as they make themselves out to be. They’re cutthroat and power-hungry, like all the corrupt. You would be dead within twenty four hours.” 
“But putting anyone else in danger isn’t right.” I whispered. “Nothing about the time and trouble you’re putting into helping me feels right. And I’d be lying if I didn’t say I’m still trying to wrap my head around the fact that I can create Ley energy and that I’m the walking equivalent to crack. How can that be normal?”
 He sat forward, his arms resting on his knees again. His hair fell forward in silky folds.“The concept does take time to sink in, especially as this was kept from you while growing up. But it won’t always feel so confusing, I promise. In the meantime” he went on, “we need to set some ground rules.” 
“We do?”  I didn’t like the sound of that. Following rules was never my forte.   
His wry smile was fleeting. “Yes Linny, we do.” 
Kangee dug his heels in. “I ain’t followin’ no goddamn rules, man.”
“Me neither” Skah parroted his brother.
 Ota growled his disapproval, “this is about survival, for all of us! Understood?”  Neither man objected to the command.
 “What are these rules?” I enquired. “And what if I can’t agree with them?”
“Then we’ll negotiate on some, but others are non-negotiable.” 
“Sounds like there are many.” 
“Not that many,” he smiled.
“Better not be” Kangee griped.
“First and foremost, no more outdoor walks unless one of us is with you, even if it’s on the grounds and the wards are enforced.”
“Okay with me, but you’re all going to be bored to death.” 
“We’ll manage,” he offered lightly. 
“Alongside you..I’ll be singin’ them Blues gurrrll” Kangee sang in a deep soulful pitch.
“I’m game, Linz” Skah added. 
 Ota nodded then continued. “Don’t accept magic from any of us.”
My eyes widened as my cheeks flushed crimson. “Is this about Skah giving me light?” 
He took his time in responding but eventually nodded yes. The redness flushed even brighter and my tone turned slightly defensive. “Look, I didn’t know anything about that and wasn’t even aware of the effect it was having on me.” 
I felt embarrassed that extracting the light was such an ordeal that he never wanted to have it repeated. “I won’t put you through that again. I promise.”  
 “Oh yeah” Skah scoffed, “he really suffered hard.” 
 “Skah!” Ota warned. 
 Kangee threw a pillow at his younger brother, “I ain’t holdin’ him back when he comes to whoop you good.” 
 Ota continued listing the rules.“Everyone takes turns cooking. Linny’s been doing it all but we’re well able to cook for ourselves.” 
“The freezer is still full from when I was stoned on Ley energy.” 
“True. So when we run out of prepared meals, we cook until further notice.”
“Agreed.”  
“Disagree. Skah responded. “There are no more waffles left and nobody makes them like Linny.” 
“They ain’t none left, ‘cause you gone an’ ate them all.” 
“I’ll make the waffles.”  
Nobody disagreed with me so Ota continued. “The crew arrives in a few days time, which means we’ll have a full house. We’ll need to prepare.”
“The full crew.” Kangee stated with a wry smile.
Ota didn’t seem to appreciate what Kangee meant. “Yes, the full crew so there’ll be sleeping arrangements to organize.” 
“We’ll do the usual double bunking?” Skah asked.
Ota nodded then said to me, “you’ll have to share your room.”
 “Okay, but can I have the option to sleep elsewhere in case the other person’s a snorer?” 
“I’ve no problem with that.” 
Kangee clapped, “sounds good. Y’all done here?”
“One more thing, if you need any supplies, put it on the whiteboard on the fridge. I’m on grocery detail this week.” 
“Awww maaaan” Skah whined to Ota. “It was supposed to be my turn!” 
“I need you both patrolling the boundaries. This is non-negotiable.” Then turning to me he asked “do you agree with what has been discussed here?” 
 “Sure” I shrugged then finished off the drink. 
“Wow” Skah laughed softly, “you just knocked that back. That’s bad ass in my book, Miss Harkin.”  He got up off the armchair and headed for the kitchen. “C’mon, Kangee, let’s do a boundary check.”
“With ya, bro” Kangee said hoisting himself off the couch and following his brother into the kitchen. 
I got up to follow them, but Ota stepped in and gently held me back. “I need you to make an amendment on that promise.”
“What promise?” I quizzed before it dawned on me what he was asking, “about the light?”
“Yes, about the light.” He was as close to me as you could get and I dreaded him talking about what happened. 
“I gave you my word, it won’t happen again.”Will sign in blood if necessary. 
“I don’t want you to keep that promise.” 
He pulled me to him and I melted under his firm touch. A voice in my head warned about falling for him, but then his lips were almost touching mine and my heart raced in anticipation of feeling their lush softness.
Jabbed back to the moment, I registered what he was asking.  “You don’t??? I’m confused...you said...quite adamantly.”
“You react strongly to Skah’s energy, so I may need to take your light again.” He kissed my lips softly. The touch burned all the way down to my centre and ignited something in us because when he broke away to join the others, smoke trailed from his hair and I felt on fire.


Chapter 9

By late afternoon Skah and I finished setting up a few hundred decorative lanterns around the patio and outer-garden. “What if it rains?” I asked. Back home, with our unpredictable weather, setting something like this up a few days before the event would be risky. 
Colours of bright oranges, yellows and reds gave a warm, cheerful look. Two massive barbecues had been pulled from a storage area and set up next to the small one already in place. Word was, the Crew were big into outdoor gatherings.“Rain?” Shakh laughed. “Not a drop forecast for the entire week.” 
I grabbed two bottles of water from the cooler and passed him one.  “The whole week?” 
“Nope.” 
I shrugged off what was unheard of in Ireland and straightened the crooked lanterns into place. “So who are the Crew? Are they family members?”
“Some are blood relatives, others not, but we’re all a team, family – a crew so to speak.” Skah laughed “and all that the term implies.”
“So, what does your family do? Do they live nearby?”
“Most work for The Council in various ways and by that I mean they all have Transitioned. They live in different States, but the core of the Crew is nomadic. My grandfather is one of those who founded the core group. He’s the medicine man of our tribe and has lived many years beyond what is considered normal, as most have. I guess, he’s more like my great, great, grandfather.”
“How come you all seem so young? Are you, Kangee and Ota very old?” 
“Once you Transition you age at a very, very slow rate. Now, I can’t remember their exact birthdays, but I know Kangee is the oldest, then Ota and then me.”
“You’re the youngest? But I appear older than you. It’s confusing.” 
He laughed softly, “believe me, I’m a lot older than you. My spirit emerged at the end of World War One when I was barely ten years old.”
My mouth dropped open in shock. This man should be dust in a coffin by now, yet he looked the picture of youth. 
He laughed at my expression and I could feel the sheer joy and fun he exuded. “Today I guess I would pass for a teen on the cusp of his twenties, which is why I get carded just about everywhere I go. But, thankfully fake I.D cards have resolved that issue.”
“What did you do before fake I.D’s?” 
With a beaming smile, he jerked his head proudly. “Never needed to prove my age, except for when I tried to sign up for both World Wars.”
“You enlisted?!
“Tried to, but got refused each time. So, I helped those who came home with shellshock, PTSD and the like.”
“Was it your spirit that helped them?”I chuckled nervously. “Is it okay to ask what your spirit is? Or is that off limits?”  
His features softened and he laughed softly. “Just ask what you want, I’ll answer what |I can.” 
“I never know what I can and cannot ask. Plus I didn’t want to be rude.” 
“Hey...you’re not rude at all. And, for your information, I’m a Lumos Curatti – well, unofficially anyway.”
I heard what he said but understood nothing. “What does that mean? The Lumos Cure thing and unofficially?” 
“I’m a Light Healer. My spirit heals through light.”
That explained how he had healed himself when he got injured with the purple rocket. “Wow, what a wonderful gift to have.”
“Oh yeah..for sure. To be a Curatti is truly a blessing. The Council honours all Curatti spirits and immediately takes them into their fold for as long as the spirit lives.”
“So you were taken in by The Council too?” 
He shook his head, “Nah.....we had a difference of opinion about something and well......let’s just say I’m a free-lance Curatti.”
“How does that free-lance option work?” 
“I heal where I can, but it has got nothing to do with The Council. They don’t interfere because a Curatti is precious to them, even a rogue one. I think they’re hoping I’ll come around and join them eventually.” 
“And will you?”
“Not as long as Kangee needs me.”
I couldn’t imagine that hulking man needing anybody. He was like a force unto himself. And didn’t he have a smoke spirit just like Ota’s? “Your brother needs you? But you’re so much younger and well...”
“Go on....say smaller because that’s what you want to say.”
I shrugged my shoulders to show he wasn’t wrong. “It’s difficult to be bigger than Kangee. Even Ota is a bit smaller than him and that’s saying something.” 
I thought he would be upset but his big dimpled smile told me everything was fine. “That big lug is over seven feet tall.” He smiled widely. “Everyone thinks Kangee’s looking after me. And maybe he is when it comes to me shootin’ my mouth off. But until his ex comes back, I’m not going anywhere.”
“His ex? So they’ll get back together again? Even after being broken up?”
Skah threw me a confused look, “Broken up? I don’t get it.”
“His ex-girlfriend, ex-wife, or whoever she was. The person with whom he was with but is no longer?”
His laughter rang out so loud it sent the birds in nearby trees scattering away in a flurry of flapping wings. “Exaltacion, is Kangee’s bonded.” He had pronounced her name like it was Exalthasseeohn – very Spanish sounding. 
“Bonded? Like Ota and Nessan?”
“Ahm..yes and no.” 
“I’m so confused about these bond things.” 
“What do you know about bonds?”
“I only heard the word in relation to Ota and Nessan. Oh, and Lonan and Evaline too. Why?”
“Well because there are many, many types of bonds and the one between Kangee and Ex, as we call her, is a death bond.”
“Sounds ominous? Like, until murder do you part.”
He stifled what was surely another belly laugh. “It means they entered into a bond which follows them not only in this life but into the next one too.”
“Really?? So where is Ex now?” 
“The Council needed her help. She’s been gone three years.” 
 That sounded like a very edited version of what happened. “Do they know when she’ll be back?” 
Hi lips pressed together as if debating what he could say. “All Kangee says is she’ll return to him when she can.”
“Three years is a long time. I mean does he know she’s okay?”
“Through their bond, he has contact with her. But that’s all he’ll say.” 
“So why do you need to look after him?” 
“Kangee has dual spirits in him. A smoke spirit, like you saw, but he is also a Seer. Seers use their third eye to see that which others cannot. When Ex was called away by The Council, Kangee asked his Seer spirit to inhabit Ex to help her with her mission, to keep her safe, but in doing so, lost his sight.”
“Kangee is blind!”
“Not when I’m with him. I can send him sight through my light. It’s not a permanent solution but it works as long as we’re in relatively close proximity. It keeps him out of the dark.”
“So you won’t join The Council because you need to keep giving him sight.”
“Exactly.” He shrugged like it was no big deal. “He’s always trying to push me away, but he knows there’s no way I’ll leave his side until he is reunited with his spirit, no matter how long it takes.” 
“Are you allowed to tell me about the different type of bonds that can be created?” 
Skah was already shaking his head. “I can tell you about some, but Ota has forbidden me to discuss certain information with you and I can’t go against his orders.”
“How come he gets to call the shots like that?” I frowned trying to understand, “do you guys have to obey him?”
Skah didn’t seem to appreciate my choice of words. “First of all, I would lay down my life for Ota. We are brothers – not biologically – but by the ritual exchange of blood. He is our leader, and always has our best interests at heart. And believe me, what he has to manage is not an easy task, ‘cause we’re all pretty hard headed. But in the end, it’s his word we follow.” 
“Sorry” I said, contrite for having put my foot in it. “I really didn’t mean any disrespect. I’m just not used to people doing things for me or telling me what to do. It’s just been Gwen and me for a few years now and well we never tell each other what to do. Except maybe when it comes to what to wear then she’s a real General.”
“Well Ota’s never told me what to wear, but it’s not always easy either. Still, I owe him my life.....several times over. But those are stories for another day.” After a faux-stern look he said, “any other questions?”
“What did Kangee mean when he said the full crew were coming? How many people are you expecting?”
“About fifty or sixty.”  
“Wow! That is quite the entourage.” I really wasn’t a fan of large groups, but with advance notice, I could psych myself up for the onslaught of many different energies and emotions for an evening. Guaranteed I’d be the first to leave. I couldn’t imagine the effect being with sixty people around the clock. For survival purposes, I would need to find a quiet place to hide out and replenish otherwise I’d end up saying and doing things I shouldn’t.  
“Anything I should or should not say?” 
“Grandad’s pretty laid back. Just don’t call him a shaman, or chief, or ask can you touch his hair, or tell him you like the Pow-Wow.”
My hand fisted my hip. “Hey...I’m not ignorant. Of course I wouldn’t ask any of those things. Gawd...”
Skah started showing two gorgeous deep dimples before he cracked up laughing. “You make this too easy Gurl!”  
Realizing he was teasing me, I tried to suppress a smile and failed.  I elbowed his ribs lightly. “Brat!” 
He pushed me lightly. “Oh I’m a brat?” 
	I shoved him back, “yes! You’re like Brat-Man.”
“Right! It’s on.” He threw down his nail gun, his smile predatory “you’d better run while you can.” 
And run I did, but was no match for his speed, or agility. He quickly captured me and threw me over his shoulder. My bare feet were tickled and I screamed a fit of giggles. I tried to tickle his ribs which were in my line of sight, but couldn’t get any reaction. He spun us around in circles until he lost his balance and we both went tumbling to the ground. Peals of laughter rang out between heaving breaths.  
Skah gave a deep sigh, “God, I’m glad we got you back safe and sound.”
“Oh yeah,” I teased sitting up. “Or you’d be hanging lanterns alone?”  
“Skah!” Ota stood in the doorway. “Truck needs unloading.”
“Because Ota’s not insufferable like he was when you were gone.” He got up and jogged away.  
“He was insufferable?” I mumbled getting up. Looking around it was hard to assess what to do next. The wooden frame had been erected. The lanterns swung loosely between the lattes and everything seemed completed. Skah had been directing me through each step of the process and I hadn’t a clue whether we had finished or not. Replacing the tools we had used seemed the logical thing to do.
“Is the safety on that gun?” 
That deep rich tone was unmistakable and I turned to see Ota approaching, his hands carrying two bowls and two forks. “Afraid I’ll shoot you?” I quipped brandishing the nail gun. 
“Go ahead, nail me.” He smiled devilishly at his own pun and I couldn’t help but laugh and blush madly at the same time.  
“Don’t tempt me.” I dared reply while taking in the oodles of fruit he had prepared.
“I have come to tempt you, Bia,” he said handing me a bowl and fork. “Well at least your appetite anyway.” He sat down on the grass and patted the space beside him. 
I sat in the same direction as him, but created enough distance that I wasn’t in his personal space. After popping a warm strawberry in my mouth, he scooted closer, his massive frame shadowing the sun. With our elbows touching as we ate our fruit contentedly, I realized every time we made physical contact it felt incredibly soothing, as if some yearning was being answered. I wondered if Ota felt it too. 
“If this is how you treat all Hostiles assigned to you,” I raised the bowl as if it held proof of his thoughtfulness, “then you must have one fearsome reputation.” 
“Only the truly troublesome get this treatment.”
“So, what’s your reputation? What do people say about you?”
“Reputation” he said pensively then paused long enough to finish the remaining morsels of fruit before setting aside his bowl and fork. “My reputation was made when I was ten years old. Otaktey is not the name given to me at birth. It was bestowed on me by the Chief of a neighbouring tribe who took me in after my family was killed. It means, Kills Many.”
“Ota” I gulped. “I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean to pry or bring up anything that- ”
He shook his head and took my hand. “It was a long time ago, a time of great unrest when Sioux men, women and children were being murdered along with white settlers. It was an undeclared war. 
“My father took us to an isolated cave in the hills after our tribe was desecrated, our elders murdered.  He said it was the only way to keep us safe. After a week, he left my older brothers in charge and headed back to the tribe. They shot him as he descended the hill and tracked the rest of us.
“I had gone hunting that morning and came upon them just as they murdered my baby sister. I put an arrow in the killer’s head. That didn’t stop them because they shot my mother next then my two younger brothers. For each of my loved ones they murdered, I killed one of theirs. I was stealth and they couldn’t see me, not at first. I sneaked up on one of the bodies of the bandits, stole his rifle then shot the leader. The remaining men took off. 
“That day five boys –the oldest only six years old and two girls, no older than eight, left the cave with me and walked for what seemed like weeks before we came upon another tribe. We were all starving, badly dehydrated and had no idea what we would encounter. If it was death, we were ready. A young warrior spotted us and soon we were surrounded by those keeping watch. Word of our arrival blazed through the tribe.
The first man to come forward and speak to me was a medicine man. He took us in after I told him what happened. A few days later he told me the tribe were naming me Otaktey and I understood it to be a great honour.  That medicine man is called Black Wolf, Skah’s great-great grandfather and current Crew member. The second person I met was Nessan.”
My heart went out to him and all the pain he went through, but I let the silence fall between us. I had no words that would offer any consolation, nor could I even begin to comprehend what he experienced or the emotional scars he bore because he defended his family. I placed my hand on his back and kept it there moving in slow circles while loving energy flowed from me into him. I laid my head against his shoulder, our hips touching. His hand fell lazily over my knee and I basked in the wellness our contact created. I didn’t know if he felt the same way, or if this was even normal, but it felt too good to stop and we remained like that for several minutes.
“Come on, Bia,” he said picking up our empty bowls then pulling me to my feet. “I want to show you something.”  He kept my hand in his as we made our way back to the house. 
“Where are Kangee and Skah?” 
“They’re emptying out the van I filled with groceries.” He must have known I was curious as to how he managed to get a van out through the wards without alerting the hunters of our whereabouts. “There’s a long underground tunnel leading from the basement to a house outside the property. We keep a van and other items we may need in case of emergencies. They’ll take the food from the van, down the trail to several fridges and freezers in the basement.” 
“Is that what you want to show me?” We had just entered the kitchen. Some grocery bags were on the counter and I went to start putting away the items. 
Ota placed the bowls in the sink. “Not the tunnel.”
 He took my hand again and led me to a set of double doors tucked away to the left of the front entrance then opened them up. I peered into a well-organized hall closet. It was one I had by-passed when I was pumped up on Ley energy. “You wanted to show me the closet?”
His soft laugh had me smiling. “Look.” 
Reaching behind the coats at eye level was a chip in the rear wooden wall. He took a pen from a breast pocket in one of the jackets and pushed it against the chip until a soft click sounded. He then slid across the panel to reveal nothing only darkness. Ota stepped inside, pressed his hand against something and a low light came on. 
A beautiful and surprisingly spacious bedroom decorated in delicate tones of cream and white stood before me. A queen-sized bed dominated the cosy space. Matching lamps offered soft lighting that was both warm and welcoming. To the left was a bookcase which was completely full, to the right, a wooden clothes valet. Golden straw mats partially covered the pine-wood floor. “It’s beautiful” I said eventually finding my voice as I stood inside. 
He followed close behind pulling the panelling across and enclosing us within. “It’s not claustrophobic for you?” 
“Not at all” I gushed while touching the spine of a worn novel, A Child of the Forest. There was something wonderful about this secret location, a refuge. “Is this where you want me to stay when the Crew arrive?” 
He took my hand and I turned to face him. His eyes were smiling, full of joy. “Our –your room is upstairs, as it has been from the beginning. This is a little haven for you to escape the potential snoring, should you need it.”
My hand remained in his, I just couldn’t let go. “You think I need this?”
“I’ve watched you, Bia. Just the mention of a large crowd and you break out in a cold sweat.” 
He watched me? Curiosity was urging me to pursue that observation but I gently pulled away. “I’m sure I won’t have a problem bunking down with the others. I’ll hardly make friends with the Crew if they think I’m hiding out.”
“I’m sure you’ll be glad of the peace. The Crew are noisy, but a goodhearted group. Still, to ensure it stays a haven, make sure nobody sees you come in here. Only Skah and Kangee know about it. Well Ex too, obviously, but you know what I mean.”  
“Got it.” I nodded finding it incredibly sweet that he not only recognized I was an introvert but actually tried to help me cope with the upcoming invasion. “Thank you, Ota. That’s very considerate. I love it! And I’ll probably sleep here starting tonight.” 
“You don’t like the other room?” Ota’s expression seemed troubled.
“No, no it’s great.” I said lying on the bed to test the comfort. An intricately designed, wooden fan circled silently above. The four rotating blades formed the shape of a butterfly and I couldn’t help but marvel at its uniqueness. “It’s secretive and makes me feel cocooned away from it all.” 
“Safer, maybe?” he asked following my gaze. I felt the end of the bed dip as he sat cross-legged near me. 
“What do you mean?” I asked sitting up and mimicking his posture. 
“Look, I know you may not believe it, or feel it, but you are safe here. What happened with Reload was an epic fail on my part. It’s never happened before. But, nobody will lay a hand on you again, I promise.” 
His words were spoken from the heart, of that I was certain, but they couldn’t take away my fear of Portals and other possible Reloads reappearing. But that was my problem not his. I had to take some action to feel control over my own life. 
“Do you think, I could learn some techniques to defend myself? You know... some fighting moves?”Different levels of shock crossed his features prompting me to become defensive. “What? What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing! Nothing at all!” He was obviously trying to contain a big laugh which grated on my nerves.
You don’t think I could do it, do you?” Before he could answer, I leaned forward “I’m not a princess Ota Two Moons, so don’t take me for one. I may not have any experience in these things, but I’m not afraid to try.”
“Are you crazy??? You could get hurt!”
“Didn’t you just tell me I was a warrior woman?”
“You are, but I could not fight you, even if it was for training.” Unable to contain it any long, raucous laughter shook his body. “You’re too small to be matched with me.”
Frustration tore through me and my need to prove him wrong had me diving at him like a football player going for a take-down. He caught me around the waist mid flight and although we went tumbling off the bed, he reacted with super speed breaking the fall at the last second by rolling to the side while holding me tight against him.
He was on top of me, smiling while looking straight into my eyes with intensity, his weight on his elbows. I could feel my cheeks burning and my nipples standing to attention through my top. How come he wasn’t breathless like me? 
“Ha! I said to deflect my shyness, “knocked you on your butt. “How fragile am I now, huh?”
Soft lips found mine in a kiss that was both urgent and tender. There was need and fire in his touch and I met his kiss with a passion that spread through me like wildfire. My fingers laced around his neck, pulling his mouth harder against mine. A groan escaped his throat as his tongue slipped into my mouth and I met it with equal thrusts. I could feel his arousal against me. 
My hands moved down his sculpted back. Burning flames grew in my core and I knew a kiss from this man would never be enough. I wanted him, all of him. Then he pulled away and sat us up.  He passed a hand through his hair clearly uncomfortable. “Jesus Linny, I –“ 
  Hearing regret in his tone, I shook my head despondently and said “just don’t tell me you shouldn’t have.” The silence grew uncomfortable, so I got up and left.  He called my name but I couldn’t listen to excuses as to why it was so bad to kiss me.  As I headed back to the garden, I could feel his energy change from doubt to anger and I had no idea why.
Skah noticed my dark mood when I joined him in the garden, but didn’t say anything other than “Ota’s an ass.”  

 Later that evening, after freshening up, I entered the kitchen to find Skah and Kangee digging into massive portions of lasagne. Ota had dished generous amounts onto his own plate and when he saw me enter, handed it to me with an apologetic look. There was enough on my plate for three people, but I just took it to the table with a slight nod of thanks. 
After filling his plate, he sat opposite me. Skah was to my right and Kangee to my left. “Can I ask what you don’t want to tell me?” Three sets of eyes shot in my direction. “I heard you talking earlier this morning...and I know you have something you don’t want to share with me.”
Crickets chirped loudly outside the open window providing the only sound in the room. “Well don’t all talk at once,” my mirthless chuckle didn’t convince me let alone the others. 
The three men exchanged glances then Ota nodded in some unspoken agreement to tell me what they hadn’t wanted to share. Kangee pushed his empty plate aside then rested his elbows on the table. “We were checkin’ the wards over on the north side this mornin’ when your brother Oran appeared.” 
“In the flesh? What did you talk about?”  
 “Man’s a shadow, Linny. They’re not the kind of folk I’d be wantin’ to sit ‘n shoot the shit with. Now, he didn’t pass through the wards, an’ I wasn’t letting him in anyways.” Reaching inside his leather jacket he pulled out the strangest pair of reading glasses I had ever seen and slid them closer to me. “He went ‘n laid these on the ground, says they’re gonna help you research your spirit or failed Transition.” 
The larger circular lenses were a pair of fiery orange eyes, not transparent like you’d expect lenses to be. They protruded from a spiked golden and black metal frame which was attached to a thick leather strap. “How?”
“He said, when you put them on they’ll activate and bring you to a data base- like the biggest library they be for our kind. Every spirit Transition, good or bad be in there.”
“That’s some real serious access,” Skah added eagerly ‘cause that library is supposed to hold files on really fucked up things. They don’t just hand out admission tickets. Know what I’m saying.”
 I wondered where my brother had managed to get the glasses and why he wanted to help.  After all, he had seemed adamant on my arriving in one piece for The Council trial. I wanted to ask if Oran gave any personal message, but they would have said it, if he had. No surprise there, but it did sting all the same. 
“Will my identity be known when I activate these?” 
Ota shook his head, “I’m sure you’re brother has the lenses under another name. You’ll see it registered when you make contact. Be cautious, though. Don’t go for the Transition files straight away. And when you do, don’t let what you read affect you too much.”
“He’s right Linz” Kangee added. “They say there’s been some fucked-up shit gone on through the centuries, but we’ve never seen any of it. We know of no one affected either. They’s just rumours - maybe.”  
Having lived through two botched Transitions, I wondered what could have been worse than what Leri did?  I guess I’d find the answers in the records. My thoughts kept going back to my brother and how I knew nothing about him. “Are Shadows bad?” 
“Bad?” Kangee parroted then pondered for a long moment. “They’re doin’ their jobs, just like everyone else. But they isn’t known for their humanity.”
“Some are similar to spy assassins, in your world” Ota added. “They commit Council sanctioned kills. The kills are justified in that the targets are known Reed breakers.” 
“Reed-breakers?”
“The Reed is a set of laws we follow in our world.  Breaking them leads to punishment which mostly consists of power-stripping to various degrees. However, some acts are punishable by death of the spirit, which causes death of the host. So, if my smoke spirit, as you call it, is killed, I in turn will die.” 
The thought of Ota dying sent my stomach into a knot, but I told myself it was only an analogy and to cop myself on. “And is my brother one of those assassins?” I just couldn’t reconcile the memory of the happy, smiling young man leaving for, what I thought was the army back then, to the Shadow type he was today. Again the same knowing looks were exchanged and I sighed. 
 Kangee said to Ota, “well g’on, might as well tell it straight.”
Skah agreed. “We keep saying we won’t tell her stuff and we end up telling her anyway.”
“Not everythin’” Kangee offered with a glance at Ota. Before it could escalate into another heated discussion, Kangee continued. “Your brother....he is no longer an assassin, he..ahm.. trains all Shadow assassins.”
“He trains them? How do you know that? Did he tell you?” Skah burst out laughing and I felt a frown deep in my forehead. “What? What’s funny.”
“Linz, Shadows are ultra secretive. They’re like ghosts. I’m sure nobody knows what your brother looks like today, not even your parents. So, there’s no way he would talk to anyone let alone tell them what he does for The Council.” 
“But he spoke today, right? That must mean something.” 
 “He appeared as a shadow, nothing more. Looks like he’s trying to help you in whatever way he can.” Ota interjected. 
“So how come you know what he is if it’s supposed to be so secretive?” 
“Because Nessan Transitioned him ten years ago. Plus all Elderen can follow-up on their Transitions and she learned of how he was progressing within the Shadow realm.” 
“Are my other brothers okay?” 
“They’re fine...but as you know they’re all Shadows too.  
“So they’re all assassins!”
“We don’t know that. Nessan tried to find out how the other three were doing but Oran asked her not to pry, as she would be endangering them. There would be severe repercussions to Nessan if her behaviour led to the loss of a Shadow.  Like we said, having four Shadows from the same family has never happened before, or since. There was quite a buzz in our world when the youngest male also Transitioned as a Shadow.”
“And only males are Shadows, right?” 
“That’s right Buttercup. Ain’t no woman ever been a Shadow.”
“Yet, or as far as any of you know. Right?” 
“Now that,” Ota smiled sending my heart fluttering, which pissed me off given he regretted kissing me, “would be something to rattle The Council’s nerves.” 
“What about spirits that emerge only from women?” 
“There has been no exclusivity of Spirit Transition for Women. Shadows are the exception.” 
A short silence followed before Kangee shoved his plate toward Skah “you’re on clean-up detail bro.” 
“No way!!!! I picked up last night and this morning.”
“It’s my turn” I said standing up and picking up the plates. 
“Linny cooked the food!” Ota gave a warning glance to both men.
“I said - it’s my turn.”  Something in my tone must have convinced him to let it go because he nodded and gave the all clear for the others to leave the table. 
They pushed their chairs into place then made their way to the salon. I picked up the plates and caught Ota looking at me. His expression was unreadable and I didn’t feel brave enough to ask what he was thinking in case it was about the kiss. I brought the dishes to the sink and began rinsing them. He pulled open the dishwasher, held out his hand for the plates and started filling it. 
We moved around each other in silent harmony until everything was clean and only when I placed the wet dishcloth on the oven handle did he say, “want to put on the glasses? I’ll show you how they work.”
“You’ve done this before?” 
“With Nessan, yes.”
Seated at the table, he sat closely beside me. I picked them up and marvelled at how odd they appeared. “And you’re sure they won’t know it’s me?”
“I believe your brother is trying to help you in the only way he can. I seriously doubt he would go to all this trouble just to betray you. Still, if there was any chance you would be caught I’d research in your place, but I can’t. Those glasses are pre-programmed for your use only.”
“They are? How?”
“He would have had a witch spell them so they would just be a weird pair of goggles to everyone except the intended wearer.”
“A witch put a spell on them?” I sounded like a five year old, but this was all so strange to me. 
“Yes, and that’s not an easy thing to have done, so you see what I mean when I say, he most likely has your well-being at heart.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” I said distractedly. “So how do I get them to recognize me?”
“Lick the tip of the left spike.” He said it in such a matter-of-fact tone, I couldn’t guess if he was joking or not. Sensing my hesitation he pushed them a little closer to me. “Just a bit of saliva is needed, that’s all.”
My nose upturned reflexively. “Really? That’s odd.”
“Well, I’ve come to learn that where witchcraft is involved, there’s always some bodily fluid required somewhere along the line.”
My cheeks reddened at the thought of Ota’s bodily fluids and I brought the spike to my open lips then quickly brushed it against my tongue. His eyes fell to my mouth and he swallowed hard then my attention flew to the lenses which began to glow bright orange.  
“Good, they’re working.” Ota said with a raspy tone then stood behind me and strapped the spectacles at the back of my head. “Not too tight?” 
“No, that’s fine” I adjusted them on my nose and fitted them against my face. 
My eyes squinted at the bright orange light and it took a few moments for them to adjust.
“The device is accessing the system. The tipped spike on the right lens provides your identity.”
When Ota spoke it felt like he was right beside me whispering in my ear and I visibly shivered. Pretending I felt a chill, I rubbed my arms for a moment but could feel his breath on me. Maybe it was just the goggles were messing with my mind. 
“What are the other spikes for?”
“They do a variety of commands like zooming in on areas; reversing out, recording text you wish to review at a later time. Best thing is to play around with it once you’re in.”
I pressed down on the tipped right spike and was immediately transported to a place they called a library, but it was like no other library I had ever seen before. 
For starters, the central area was a massive cave-like roofless atrium filled with trees of every variety and beneath their shade sat ornate granite benches. Occupying the benches were people from all walks of Spirit Life. Beside every person was their spirit half, which was a sight to behold. Animals, insects, birds, beings of light, dark blobs, and even the trees themselves were all alive. 
I saw no interaction between the beings. They were all focused on whatever research they were doing, as if it was some kind of thirst or quest. The content of the books were not read in the normal way. The only way to describe it would be to say, people came here to absorb knowledge.  
Beyond the circular atrium were five domed entrances with unusual doorways. From the first entryway were roaring fiery flames surging rhythmically. In the second one, a gushing waterfall flowed into nowhere repeatedly. A dizzying whirlwind spun wildly on the threshold of the third dome. A dense forest with a cacophony of bird song rang from the fourth and finally, a whitish grey mist marked the fifth. I guessed they were departments, or categories of research but I had no idea how to access them.
“Mister O’ Connell” a huge pair of magnified amethyst eyes appeared before me causing me to jolt backwards with a loud gasp. Ota’s hand steadied me as the eyes continued to speak, “welcome back.” 
Mister O’ Connell??? God I’m supposed to be a man!!
Making the deepest voice possible, I pressed my chin into my neck and said “thank you....ahm..delighted to be back...again.” 
Ota’s silent laughter was felt in the shaking of the chair and I completely lost my concentration.  I whipped my head to face him pressing my lips together and making a shush gesture. He shook even harder. 
“How may we assist you this day?” the enlarged eyes continued. The only thing that made sense was to research fire spirits, as everyone seemed to believe my spirit was fire in origin. 
In my fake deep voice I said “Ahhmm...fire spirits please.” 
The eyes widened even further and seemed to come even closer. “Refine request please.” 
Ota’s thumb gently caressed my hand and whispered “perhaps it’s best to narrow your search”. 
I pulled away my hand, mouthing “okay” and after a moment of scrambling to filter the information needed, I asked the large heliotrope eyes, “please provide a list of rare fire spirits.”
“Indeed, sir.” 
The eyes disappeared into the flaming dome and I turned to Ota, “was that okay?” 
“You did fine, Linny.” I let out a breath I hadn’t realized I was holding in. I was afraid to make an error and get my friends into trouble. “I’ll leave you to your reading. I’m going to check on the wards. I’m not far if you need help.”He squeezed my hand momentarily then left. 
Talk about mixed signals!!!
I continued to peer into the library until the eyes suddenly reappeared.
“Rare Fire Spirits, as requested, Sir.” Four very old and very dusty scrolls were placed before me. “I’ve prepared them in order from oldest to most recent. 
“That’s very kind” I said in my deep voice. The scroll was suspended in the air momentarily before gently unrolling itself.  I scrutinized the ancient paper and could only see shapes and strange drawings I was incapable of deciphering. 
“Ahm sorry” I said, I cannot read this.” 
The deep gaze came up close “Mr. O’Connell requires a translation to English?” 
“Please, that would be greatly appreciated.” 
“Would the full translation package be acceptable?”
I had no idea what the full offer was, but if it helped me find out what was in me, then full package sounded fine. “Yes, please, the full translation.”
“Of course, sir.” 
“And I will also need to see everything on failed Transitions.”
“Certainly, sir!”
A minute later, he returned with more scrolls. “Failed Transitions through the ages.”
He unrolled the scrolls. The eyes came closer as if adjusting something on my glasses, or on the screen from his side and when I looked again, hovering above the symbols was the translation. 
Scanning the words, I read how the paper was called Huun by the Yucatan Mayans and was made from the inner bark of the wild fig tree. Then everything went momentarily blurry as a holographic-like image appeared directly behind the scroll and the cherubic face of a young boy came into view.  I smiled widely as it dawned on me what the ‘full’ translation offer included. It was like watching a silent movie with subtitles and I was completely mesmerized from the get-go.
 I watched a group of people happily dancing in front of a huge bonfire, they were  participating in the Great Fire Ceremony of their village.  The image zoomed in on a young boy, no more than twelve years old. His smiling face and happy movements were beautiful and innocent, as he followed the crowd in their sacred ritual. His eyes held the flames in reverence, as if they were both connecting through the rising flames and he seemed to take on a trance-like state. A group of older men approached the boy –a Shamanic Elder along with the seers and the curers, who were drawn to him. They said the boy’s spirit called to them and told them they were in the presence of a great and pure power. They asked the boy to name the spirit within him, but he couldn’t, so they said they would extract the spirit to honour and appease it and, by doing so, would protect the village. Three times they tried to Transition the boy, who went through the most horrendous pain and torture, but the spirit never emerged. On the third attempt the elder sat by the boy’s charred body and announced he had gone to the underworld Camazotz where he must wait until the sun rises and carries him to the sun god.     
    Tears ran down my cheeks and my heart ached for a beautiful boy who was murdered, and for what, a damn Transition gone wrong?? If I could have reached in to save him, I would have, but this happened centuries before my time. Something told me it was only the tip of the iceberg. The big purple eyes activated another scroll and I cringed inwardly at the thoughts of seeing more mutilations. Kangee’s warning rang through my mind about staying neutral with this information, so I took a long deep breath and told myself this was history and to be as objective as possible. 
Yeah, right!
In all, I found after hours of searching, books, scrolls, loose pages from torn manuscripts and their accompanying film clips, three stories of murder disguised as extracting a spirit. I tried to note key characteristics of each victim hoping to find some common denominator, but nothing stood out except they all died on their third attempted Transition. Every one of them pleaded for mercy, for the elders to stop, but none did. 
Having gone through two botched Transitions of my own, only one more attempt remained and if that didn’t work out, it was sayonara to me. Was that what Tutu-CuCu meant when she saw my death? 
I felt compelled to find out why some spirits couldn’t Transition to, hopefully, save others this needless suffering. That alone was enough to keep going through more annals of history. At some point my eyelids, heavy with sleep and sadness, closed pulling me into an uneasy slumber. 
 
“C’mon Pixie Dust, get this on into you.”
I lifted my head and groaned as my stiff neck protested the fact that I slept at the table. The kitchen was alight with the brilliant morning sun. The sweet scent of freshly mowed grass blew through the open door and the already warm humid air promised a much hotter day ahead. My glasses were partially askew on my face and one of the spikes had embedded itself in the crux of my folded arm. I pulled them off and roughly pushed them aside as if they still contained the sadness from last night. Sitting up, I found Kangee holding out a sizeable mug filled with delicious smelling coffee.
 “Thanks” I croaked gratefully and cupped the warm ceramic. His hair was tied back in a loose ponytail, his signature shades were present, but gone was the leather jacket. In its place was a sleeveless black t-shirt with long black shorts and his bare feet were grass-stained. “You mowed the grass... this early?” He didn’t strike me as the home-maintenance type. 
“S’gonna be caliente later on Sister. My Ex don’ appreciate the meadow look. So I gotta keep her happy.”  
Skah walked in, greeted us with a cheery “mornin’” while making a beeline for the breakfast spread. 
“Don’t go on eating everything young wolf” Kangee warned affectionately. “Or you’ll turn into a strip of bacon.”  
Moments later Ota appeared and threw me a concerned glance as he passed. Only then did I think to check my chin for drool. 
God, I must look a mess! 
As they filled their plates and served themselves coffee, I quickly passed my fingers through my hair, looped it into a loose knot at the nape of my neck and pulled my clothes straight. I took a gulp of coffee and winced inwardly. Kangee brewed a pot of tar!! 
Skah took a slurp of coffee on his way to the table. “Jee-zus bro! You plannin’ on fixing the roof with this??”
“I make the best ‘n you know it,” Kangee retorted proudly. “Even Cuddles here’s able for it,” he said thumbing in my direction. Unable to admit it was undrinkable, I lowered my head to hide my smile.
“It’s hazardous waste” Skah scowled jokingly, but drank the goo anyway just to please his brother. This easy going atmosphere was soothing and peaceful, yet at odds with the film clips still replaying in my mind. Skah sat in to my left and peered in closer. “Gurl, looks like you went two rounds with a hellcat.”  
Ota held my gaze as he sat opposite me and my cheeks reddened with embarrassment. No doubt my eyes were red and puffy from the crying bouts. “You should see the hellcat” I replied croakily.
Through mouthfuls of bacon, Skah quipped “looks like our Linz here got a history lesson on ‘Council Stupidity Through the Ages’. I heard the third-.”
“Shut-it!” Ota barked.
Kangee shook his head and sighed. “Bro, that’ mouth of yours gonna get you..”
Skah spread his hands in defeat, “whaaatt? I’m only saying she must know if those rumours are true or not...”
“I told you that was enough” Ota’s growl raised goose bumps all over my body. 
How did he keep doing that deep voice thingy?
“Aww c’mon!” Skah continued defensively “I’m sure I’m not wrong here!!” Big dimples smiled right at me “am I Linz? C’mon you know what happens, don’t you?”
Ota wiped his mouth and slapped his napkin on the table. 
Ruh Roh!
“Settle down there, man” Kangee said calmly while leaning back in his chair, “keep it cool with the kid.”
“There were things we agreed would not be discussed.”
“Then what ‘bout them things we agreed would be discussed?”
Ota glared at Kangee, “I said, in my own time.” 
Another conflict, no matter how trivial, was the last thing I needed right now.  “Skah, you’re not wrong” I said softly hoping to defuse the tension.  “Yes, I learned what happens to spirits who can’t Transition. All died on the third attempt, but my third attempt won’t be like that. I’m sure of it,” I added with bravado I did not feel then left the table. 
 “See” Skah interjected. “That three-strikes-you’re-out shit’s real and it’s gonna be done on Linz here.” I guess he didn’t believe my bluster either.
“We’re not going to let that happen” Ota announced gruffly as I made my way upstairs to shower. 

I looked despondently at my choice of clothing and found nothing suitable for the hot day forecast. Deciding Kangee’s Ex might have something I could borrow, I rummaged in her wardrobe and found it jam packed with a widely eclectic choice in style. The sizes ranged from large to extra-large, meaning she was probably of average weight in the screwed-up world of women’s clothing sizes.  In amongst the summer wear was exactly what I needed, a red maxi dress with spaghetti straps –size small. Slipping it on, I was glad to see it fit nicely. I let my hair hang in a loose braid over my shoulder and headed downstairs barefoot. 
The busy chattering and squeals of delight reached my ears as I approached the kitchen.  Many deep male voices mingled with women’s softer tones telling me the Crew had arrived. The kitchen wasn’t small by any means, but with forty or so people together, it became full fairly quickly, noisy too. Men and women of all ages, sizes, and dress were busy settling in after their arrival. I don’t think I had ever been in a room with so many people, besides the pub that is and even then I did my best to remain far from the front lines.
Bags laden with prepared food were being emptied and placed on the main table or into the already jam packed fridge.  Some were going into recipe details, while others talked about the trip on Ley energy lines, how The Council were enforcing more and more restrictions, screening time was getting longer even with the Siempre Pass. Cost and comfort was also an issue. Gone were the days when a trip cost only a level one Gutta. 
 ‘Oh hi!” A bright cheery face appeared before me. Her smile was wide, her eyes shining and the signature lustrous black hair hung over her petite shoulders.  Her bubbly greeting brought everyone’s attention our way. Some faces were smiling, some were peering curiously and others held unreadable expressions. They all unnerved me. 
“Hi” I said softly while glancing around the room.
“Are you the Ley girl?” She was my age, dressed in fit-gear and all but bouncing on her feet. She looked ready to motivate the dead to rise up and exercise. “I’m Inola,” she said not waiting for me to answer the question, which was fine. I didn’t know what to say anyway. 
The scrutiny was becoming more uncomfortable. My eyes quickly scanned the room looking for a face I recognized, or looking for guidance in this situation. 
Across the way, Ota stood in the far corner near the coffee machine, a few of the taller crew members were partially blocking him from view, but his eyes found mine and I locked onto them like a floating device in stormy waters. His head inclined slightly, signalling I don’t know what. S’all good? Speak-up? Come in? You shouldn’t be here?
We needed to work on our non-verbal.
Remaining at the entrance, I found myself unable to move forward. If I waded into the mire, slipping away would be tricky. Was there a reason why I should feel like escaping? 
Duh! You’re crowd-a-phobic. 
Sweat formed on my brow and upper lip. My heart beat faster and my breathing became shallow. A hand suddenly brushed against mine, my eyes shot to Skah, his wide dimples on display. Straight away soothing comfort flowed through me. 
“That was just a nano-drop of light” he whispered in my ear as a long sigh of relief escaped me. 
“She sure is!” he said aloud then nudged me playfully before leaning on the other side of the doorway.  I couldn’t help but smile in gratitude at the support he was offering.   
“Everyone!” Ota said aloud capturing the attention of all eyes and ears. Whether he was a leader in some official capacity or not, he projected leadership in a way only those born with the gift can exhibit. Kangee and Skah certainly looked to him as someone in charge, which made me wonder what position he held within the Crew. 
‘This is our guest, Linny Harkin, whom you have all heard about. Now as you know, she’s un-Transitioned and The Council have placed a large price on her head, but she remains under our protection at all times. You are also aware how The Council feels about our role in this,” he paused while loud chuckles of derision peppered the air, “but that’s to be discussed with Wolf and the others when they arrive shortly.” 
Oh my God, there were more people coming? Where were we going to put them, in the cupboards?? 
“What’s the plan?” a large man standing by the fridge asked, his face obscured by the black veil of hair. 
“We need to monitor the boundaries and destroy any illegal portals should they appear near our wards. Linny has to remain within the property at all times. But let’s be clear, nobody’s on Princess Duty here. She’s a hard worker and will complete any and all assigned tasks.” 
His eyes met mine and I nodded my understanding.  He paused for a moment, a hint of a smile curving his lips, “she is, however, sort of a lone wolf, not used to big groups, so don’t get offended if she doesn’t stay and chat.” 
Feck! I couldn’t believe he said that.
“Still, I’m sure Linny wouldn’t mind if we break the ice now by doing a very quick meet and greet. After you’ve settled in, everyone reconvenes for supper at sun-down. ”   
Two men standing in front of Ota moved away and one set of eyes stood out from the rest. A tall, magnificent Native woman with long flowing black hair worthy of any shampoo commercial was positioned next to Ota. Her eyes held mine, widened for a moment before she placed a delicate hand on his hard arm, her head laid lovingly against his shoulder. It was an overt claim of ownership. This was her man and I had better know it. 
Funny how he failed to mention being someone’s prize possession when he was kissing me and bringing me up close and personal with his chest. Pin pricks of anger flared in my cheeks, an alien feeling fluttered in my stomach: jealousy?
Why in God’s name was I jealous? He had never declared any kind of feelings for me even if he did demonstrate, at times, that he could be protective, attentive even, not to mention a penchant for kissing me occasionally.  Images of those lips on mine burned through my mind and I wanted nothing more than to re-enact that moment, which really wasn’t good considering who was standing beside him. 
Time to flee! 
I plastered on a big smile, reached for a bowl of green apples on the counter and said “Nice meeting everyone. I’ll just place these on the dining room table,” then scurried out of there like the fruit was about to explode. Running away was better than witnessing Ota with Miss Head and Shoulders. 

Later that morning, I returned to the empty kitchen and quickly scrolled through the list of assigned chores posted on the fridge door. Next to my name was Laundry with Inola. I smiled then tapped the paper and turned to leave only to find Ota’s woman watching me with folded arms. Her expression was one of superiority. 
“Oh good! You found your chore list,” she smiled widely, her face radiating the kind of beauty men have tried to capture on canvas for centuries. “You left so quickly earlier, I did not get a chance to meet you.” Her hand extended to mine, “Linny, I’m Ayita, Cherokee, Native American. Ota and I are so happy you can stay with us until your troubles are sorted out.” She didn’t take a breath. “Skah or Kangee must have thought you were occupying the master bedroom when they placed your personal items there, but I have corrected their over-sight and taken the liberty of putting your belongings in the basement dormitory.  You will be quite comfortable there, I am sure.”
What could I say to any of that? And why was she acting like the house did not belong to Exaltacion? Was she and Ota bonded in some way?
Maybe they were.
Well, if they were bonded then Ota had certainly sent me mixed signals. Or was I reading into things that weren’t anything other than simple flirting? 
God I’m stupid!
Just goes to show what I knew about flirting. “Uhhm...okay.” I said with a shrug. 
“Good!” She replied happily. “I’m glad that’s sorted out. I was just going to get my things and place them in the master bedroom, now that it’s free. You may help me.”
Okay, so this was clearly a case of me being put in my place and while I could understand the need to establish territory, I drew the line at being her lackey. “No can do” I said thumbing toward the fridge as I walked away “I’m on laundry duty.”  

Inola and I were standing at opposite ends of a freshly laundered sheet at the clothes line by the side of the house. The sun was searing hot upon us, which made drying conditions perfect. We had processed umpteen loads of washing but it turned out to be easy-going and fun work. I was happy to have her as my chores-partner.
“So how does your Ley energy work?” she asked exuberantly. “Is it something you can produce just like that?” Her fingers snapped loudly as if to mimic the rapidity of my ability. 
We came together to fold a sheet that had dried in record time, even a tumble-dryer would never get clothes this crisp, this fast. My mother would have marvelled at the great drying to be had here. 
“I’m not exactly sure,” I explained evasively while taking the neatly folded material and placed it on top of the pile stacked high in the basket. “This is really new to me and honestly, I think Ota, Skah and Kangee might be able to better explain it. They seem to be Ley energy experts.”
“I know about our established lines. I’ve just never seen a new one made before. Nobody has.” 
“Well if Ota agrees to it, I can show you what it’s like. You can hop on and join me.”
“That would be so awesome.” Her eyes lit up wide with excitement. “Oh my God, I can’t wait. The whole Crew would be lining up for a trip.” With a furtive glance over her shoulder, she leaned closer and spoke conspiratorially, “but best keep this between us until Ota gives us the green light, so to speak.”
“Really?” I quizzed. “I thought the Crew shared everything – that there were no secrets.”
“That’s mostly true, except when it comes to you. Ota protects you directly, so anything to do with your well-being or safety, he has to know about it.”Her lips pursed together in a tight smile, “which drives Ayita nuts.”
“Why? She’s got absolutely nothing to worry about. Ota’s only doing his job.”
She laughed heartily and pulled another crisp sheet from the clothes line. “Girl, you cannot be serious.”
“I am. Believe me.”
“I disagree.” Inola answered decidedly. “Ayita keeps close tabs on Ota because she is extremely possessive. You are a threat, so tread carefully there.”
“A threat?” I balked. “Why in God’s name would she feel threatened by me? I don’t even know her.” 
“True. But you know Ota.....and he appears to know and like you...a lot.” 
She was imagining things and I immediately set to correct any false assumptions she may have. “He’s only ensuring I get Transitioned.” Her eyebrows rose in a look of disbelief. “Look” I sighed taking the ends of the sheet she was holding, “he’s obligated to bring me to justice and is protecting his bounty until I’m brought in. Ayita has nothing to worry about – at all.”
“That may be, but I know her and just the fact that she threw you out of the room you were in shows how threatened she feels.” A smile curved the corner of her lip. “Believe me, she’s feeling threatened.” 
“She has no reason to.” 
“He’s never brought his work home before. Meaning a Hostile has never met The Crew.” She gave a soft chuckle then continued. “Plus, he won’t marry her even though they’ve been promised to each other since they were kids.”
“They’re engaged??”
“Not really, but kind of.” Inola finished folding the sheet, put it in the basket and unclipped another off the line. “You see, Ayita’s father is Black Wolf, the Crew chief. Black Wolf promised his daughter to Ota when Ota was taken into their tribe as a kid, if both of them wished to be together as adults.  Ayita wants Ota, but Ota doesn’t seem to want Ayita to the same extent.”
“Does she love him?”
“Ayita seems to be in love with the idea of him. She wants him like someone wants to achieve a goal. She’s a very goal oriented woman. I think she’s focused on being his wife without considering what he wants.” 
“So why hasn’t he told her he’s not interested? Or does he send her signals that he is interested when perhaps he isn’t?” Maybe I wasn’t the only one experiencing Ota’s mixed messages. 
“I think he already has, but because it isn’t what she wants, she doesn’t believe him, or thinks he just needs time or space to give them a chance.”
“Well, I suppose they’ll work it out.”
“I don’t think they will.”
“Really? Why not? What makes you so sure?”
“Ota hasn’t told her the truth.” She put away the sheet.
“About what?” 
Inola’s bare foot twisted around the freshly cut grass, her expression apprehensive. “About you.”
“Inola” I sighed heavily. “Just come out with it. What about me?” 
“I better not say.”  
“Why can’t you just tell me?” I whispered. Her head shook from side to side.“Please,” I urged.
“Okay, but do not breathe a word of this to him. Believe me, if you do, he’ll be mad and Ota Two Moons is one person I do not want to piss off.”
“Not a word. I prom-”
“Inola!!!!” Ota’s voice growled. “Leave now!!” 
“Oh shit” she muttered laughingly and took off down the basement steps two at a time. 
My head whipped around to see where he was but rows of sheets blocked him from my view. How did he hear us? And where was he anyway?
“We need to talk.” 
I whirled around to see him behind me. “Depends on the subject” I said cautiously. 
“It’s about what happened earlier, in the bedroom.” 
He took a step toward me but I shook my head and took a step back. “Nothing happened.” I picked up the basket of sheets and headed inside. 

Later that day, the Crew’s chief, Black Wolf – although everyone just called him Wolf- materialized on the property along with fifteen other men. I hadn’t actually seen them, but Skah came to get me in the basement so Wolf’s men, could recognize me as a friend not a foe. Their names were listed off, but their build and clothes were so alike, they could’ve been clones. 
I offered my hand in greeting but Skah said they would need to get my scent. Nine men respectfully passed their noses near my hair then, satisfied they could recognize me, left.
 The fact that I wasn’t really surprised by their behaviour was testament to how much my life had changed. There was no sign of the Crew’s leader, so I guessed I would meet him later.
 The last man peeked his head around the door. “Linny, c’mon over to the training area tomorrow, if you’d like.  We’re almost set up and it’d be fun for you. I’m sure you’d like it.”
He was a bit different from the others in that both sides of his head was shaved leaving a wide, yet very long black mane hanging low on his back. His black eyes shone brightly and his angular chin defined a handsome face. About the same age as Ota, he was built like a man who had nothing to prove to anyone.  “Sure. That sounds great! Thanks.”
“I’m Mankato.”
“Cool. See you soon, Mankato.” 
“Smoooooth” Skah teased after they left. 
Ignoring his teasing, I asked “How come only those nine need to have my scent and not all Crew members?” 
“They’re kind of like Wolf’s version of a security team. They’re on guard to protect the entire crew.” 
“So only nine men are needed for all those people?”
“Believe me” he smiled “two would be enough when those guys shift.”
“They shift? Into what?”
“Wolves, Gurl!” Catching my expression he laughed, “still want to meet up with Mankato now?”
“No problem,” I gulped.   
Later that evening I was in the kitchen prepping an enormous salad as a side dish for supper. There were seven other crew members, all of whom were assigned a specific dish. The atmosphere was relaxed despite the busy pace everyone was keeping. Inola had switched chores with someone else so we could work together. We were currently discussing the important topic of movie stars and their ‘hotness’ level on a scale of one to ten.
Inola poured the dressing into the last of seven huge bowls of Cesar salad. “Okay - Ryan Gosling, George Clooney and Orlando Bloom?” 
“Zero Gossling, Clooney and Bloom.”
“Zero for Clooney???? What is wrong with you girl! They’re all-”
“Not my type.” 
A knowing grin spread across her face and rose to her eyes. “Because your type is more like uhm...a certain Mr. Two Moons? I wonder how many he’d get on that scale.” 
Infinity.
“Ota isn’t interested” I replied in a hushed tone. The last thing I needed was for the crew to think I was eyeing Ota. “He made that quite clear.” 
“He did? How?”
“You girls got that dressing mixed in there?” Leotie, an older, more rotund woman approached and I was glad for the change of subject. 
“Sure, Leotie” Inola smiled at the woman supervising the progress. “We’re done.”
“Good job girls!” She praised. “Linny, can you bring them out to the tables. Everything else is ready. Inola, the sweet potatoes are grilled. Can you put them in the serving baskets?” 
Taking two bowls at a time, I brought the food outside where the crew had gathered in various clusters and were chatting among themselves while waiting for supper. The cheery multi-coloured lanterns danced lightly under a warm summer breeze and the setting sun cast hues of orange and gold across the sky. Kangee and Skah were grilling meat on the barbecue, the tantalizing odour wafted into the air drawing in a hungry audience. 
“Want a hand with that?” Mankato approached in a semi-jog wearing long Bermuda shorts, a black t-shirt and a wide smile. He took the bowls and placed them on the first long picnic table. There were seven tables in all and they were set for what seemed like, an elaborate feast. Maybe it only appeared as a feast to me, everyone in the crew seemed to be acting like this was an everyday affair. 
“Thanks. I got a few more inside. And that’s just a side dish. There’s tons of food coming.”
 He went ahead of me, but walked backwards so we were still facing each other. “Big production, right? Like an elaborate road crew supporting a rock band.” Despite the edge his elaborate Mohawk and intricate tattoos gave him, he had a goofy, playful side that reminded me of Skah. “You get used to it, especially when we’re OTR all year ‘round.”
“OTR?” 
“On the road. It’s the norm for us. Can’t say as I’d stay in one place too long anyhow. I’d get cabin fever.”  
We grabbed another two bowls each off the kitchen counter and headed back outside. “So what’s the reason you’re on the road so much? It must be a very costly operation.” 
“Hmmmm” he smiled playfully. “Let’s just say we’re involved in a lot of environmental issues.” 
 “Really??”My tone was incredulous and I couldn’t help but laugh. “But you drive those massive R.V’s and -”
“All powered on corn oil. We even get 10 miles to the gallon compared to 6 miles with diesel. Plus, we’re about as self-sufficient as you can get.” 
“So, how come you’re security for Wolf? Why is there any need for security at all?”  
He leaned forward and spoke near my ear, “best you ask that of Wolf. I’d like to be stayin’ on this spirit plane.”
“Didn’t mean to pry,” I said lightly and thumbed toward the kitchen, “got to get that last bowl.” 
“Hey Linny, sit with me at supper?”
“Why?” I teased. “It’s not like you can talk to me about anything.” 
 “You’re all I‘m interested in talking about.”
I turned away smiling. “Flirt,” I muttered and almost walked straight into Ota.  He was up close and in my personal space.   
“Who’s a flirt?” 
“Ahm....nobody,” Mankato said. 
Ota looked behind me and I saw his gaze alight on Mankato, before returning to me. Why his eyebrow was raised in surprise and he seemed unhappy, baffled me. He certainly made it clear he wasn’t in to me, although his actions sometimes contradicted that. God, it was so confusing, my head hurt! Maybe it was best just to create some distance, that way I’d stop having feelings for him. Being around him wouldn’t be so hard then.  
Leotie, Inola and the other people emerged from the kitchen, their arms laden with food. “C’mon everyone! It’s ready!” Leotie announced happily. A cheer rose up and people began making their way to the table. 
Taking a dish of grilled yams from Inola as she passed, I shrugged off the awkwardness. “Okay then...well enjoy your meal, Ota.” 
“Hang on,” his hand gently held my arm. “I came to tell you, Wolf will do a shamanic journey tomorrow night to ask the spirits what dwells within you. We’ll all gather in a peace circle.” 
I didn’t tell him TuTu-CuCu already spoke to those spirits and they made it pretty clear what was going to happen. It wouldn’t matter what spirit dwelled within me because I was dying in a windstorm, or something like that.
“That’s nice. Uhm..tell him...thanks?” 
Joining Inola and Mankato, I spent the evening enjoying easy conversation in a relaxed atmosphere. The crew had a rule that, if you cooked, you didn’t clean-up, so we remained at the table long after everyone had gone. By the time I headed back to the closet bedroom, I was too tired to undress and fell asleep immediately.  

The next morning I got up to find not only had I slept in, but that someone had left a post-it note on the freshly-filled coffee pot with a smiley face  next to ‘good-afternoon Linny’. That was Skah, no doubt. I poured a mug full, added some cream and tasted the caramel coloured liquid. “Not Kangee’s brew that’s for sure.”
After a nice breakfast of toast and jam, I showered, changed then set out in search of Skah. I needed guidance on what would happen in a peace circle. I hadn’t seen Ota. A part of me missed him, but another part of me felt hurt and embarrassed. I think he stopped by the room twice, but never tried to enter. 
I found Skah practicing archery with some of Wolf’s men. Mankato saw me approaching and beckoned me to join him. Before I knew it, a bow was thrust in my hand. It wasn’t one of those high-tech looking things either. It was sleek, simple and I felt totally inadequate holding it. “You want me to shoot this thing?”
“Sure, why not? You just need to know what to do.”  
Mankato was not a complicated man. There was a solution to everything. The archery lesson ended up being way more fun than anticipated. I never managed to hit any targets, but it wasn’t from lack of trying. Mankato would stand close and either adjust the height of my arms, the way the arrow was positioned and umpteen other things. His touch never affected me. I felt no chemistry between us, only camaraderie, although he appeared quite interested. He was a good man and I would be privileged to call him a friend, but only a friend.  
Skah’s advice about the peace circle was to simply go with the flow.  


That night, under a starry sky, Wolf stood in front of a blazing bonfire, with his arms raised to the sky. In one hand, his fingers meshed with the leather strips of a large hide drum, the other clasped a strange looking drumstick with a bulbous head. He was watched protectively by five crew members. 
He began to dance around the soaring, crackling frames, beating his drum in a steady rhythm. He wore a full length coat of animal hide that was covered in the whitened bones of many smaller animals and they created a clinking sound which matched his movements. On his head was a band with the preserved head of a large crow, the remainder of its body sat flat against his hair while its wings spread out to complete an impressive crown. The upper half of Wolf’s face was painted black while the lower part was white. The whole ensemble rendered him both scary and magnificent. 
His voice called out into the night with fierce animal-like cries. He seemed to be communicating with the flames and they rose higher in intensity, as if answering in kind. He appeared unaware of anything around him, like he was one with the fire, or its spirit. 
The remainder of the crew sat off to the side in a wide circle, waiting for the chief to return to the spot allocated at the top of the group. I sat next to Inola and Skah, which was as far away from Ota as I could get. Nobody spoke. Everyone seemed to be meditating in a state of peaceful repose, except for the remaining crew members on guard. Two faced the house and two the forest. One of them was Mankato. 
My mind wandered back to the one time Gwen and I tried to meditate. We had ended up in a fit of giggles after less than a minute and because of this, I thought it best I refrain from the too-Zen activity. Anyway, it wasn’t like this was a relaxing event for me. I didn’t hold out much hope for a positive message from whoever Wolf would communicate with. My gut instinct was, it would be on par with TuTu-CuCu. 
I wasn’t sure how long the chief spent talking to the flames, but given my numb bum and legs, it must have been a while. The meditation ended when he returned to the circle, helped into place by two of his guards.  
“Tonight, the spirits guided me to their home below. We sat and watched them smoke the sacred tobacco and honoured the Great Creator before we discussed the unknown child. They tell me she knows she will die before the next full moon. What troubles me is their silence on her spirit.”
I could feel Ota’s eyes on me, but I didn’t want to look. I didn’t look at anyone as I absorbed how my time of death was just validated by spirits on another plane. A tight knot sat in my throat, but I forced it down, chiding myself to remain strong for once.
“Come closer child.”
Room was made for me to sit next to the chief. He continued talking as I made my way to him. “They do not see you crossing to the planes. They see you dead then nothing. It is as if there is no soul within.  Sit with me child, so I may see you.”
Up close, Wolf was surprisingly robust despite his advanced age. There were no small people in this group. Wrinkles that held several lifetimes of experience were etched deep into his tan skin. Sharp, black eyes peered into mine, as if looking for answers to his many questions. 
Every inch of my face was scanned, his expression was one of deep curiosity. But what bowled me over, more than anything, was the strange energy and power rolling off him.  It was like being next to a vortex that would aspirate you into a world no human eyes had seen.
Turning to the others he said, “I feel nothing lacking in this, child.  There is light, much love and some darkness there too, which we all have. Yes, there is something unknown, but her essence is no different than ours. We do not know her path after death, but while she is alive, she is not to be feared.” 
“Will I be executed by The Council?” It came out almost as a whisper, so I doubt anyone only he heard me. 
His kind eyes smiled as he took my hand. That same vortex of energy hit me with the power of a runaway train and a massive ripple tore through my entire body making it undulate at an abnormal angle. For a long moment, I was aware of nothing around me, my balance felt off kilter, but then it passed just as quickly as it started. I looked at Wolf to apologize for whatever that was and saw his wide eyes were full of shock, his jaw slack. 
“Sorry” I offered. His eyes travelled down and I saw my hand was not mine. It was his. My clothes were not mine, they were his. I was as big as him. A mirror image of him! I was him? There were two Wolf’s??????   “I don’t know what-”
A blade was pressed tight against my throat before I could blink. One of the guards, who I had played archery with, pulled back my hair to exposing my throat to slit it with more ease. So much for making friends. 
Ota’s voice roared for them to stop as he barrelled through the startled guard knocking him to the ground. Bouncing back on his feet, Ota’s huge hand grabbed mine pulling me protectively behind him. As soon as our hands touched another ripple shot through me and I was back to being me, only butt naked.  With a short squeak of shock, I pushed myself against his back and held the sides of his shirt for modesty’s sake.
Glancing over his shoulder, he caught sight of my nakedness then turned back, warily watching the others he pulled off his own t-shirt. “She reacts to everyone’s magic in some way” he explained breathlessly, while passing me his t-shirt. “It’s unpredictable, but never dangerous.”  
I slipped on the oversized garment then stepped beside him as close as possible. Ayita was taking in his naked torso like a dog eyeing a T-bone steak. As much as I wanted to snap my fingers to pull her eyes away from him, I did and said nothing because he was not mine. 
There were now nine guards surrounding us, Mankato included. They were poised to do some serious damage to me. The remaining crew members were extremely fearful of me and I felt I had just lost what little normality had come my way.
“Never dangerous?” Ayita scoffed approaching us.“Unless you’re an Elder.” 
Ota raised his hand to halt her advance. “That’s not the same thing Ayita.  Linny will harm no one here.”
“She could have killed Wolf!! And who’s to say she won’t shift again and take his place altogether! We can’t be sure when we see him, if it’s her or him!” The woman was riling up the others. They were murmuring amongst themselves.
Ota looked to the older man “Were you in danger with her? Did she threaten you in any way?”
“No. Not at all. It was like looking into a mirror. Nothing more.”
“Look”, Ota addressed everyone, “Skah gave her a drop of light not long ago and she lit up like Time Square. She’s more in danger of harming herself than anyone else.”
Ayita stepped closer to Ota, her arms folded, her face seeped in anger. “And who removed her light??”
“I did of course!” Skah said appearing beside me and put a protective arm around my shoulder. “And it was gone as quickly as it came too.”  
A growl emanated from Ota’s chest and Skah let his arm drop.
“We have much to discuss” the chief said. “Let us close the circle with peaceful hearts.” To Skah he said “take the child inside. Ota, stay. We will need to talk.”
Mankato and another guard went to follow us as we made our way to the house, but Ota barked an order at them and they returned to protecting Wolf.

“Holy grapes Linz, I didn’t know you could shift.”
“I didn’t know either!” 
“It looked awesome though. Smooth, sleek, no bones cracking, no contortions either. Some transformations are seriously disturbing.” He laughed heartily. “How can you not know you can shift?!”
“Same as I didn’t know I could murder someone!” My voice cracked and he held my hand consolingly.
“C’mon, don’t be disheartened, we’ll get to the bottom of this and it will be fine. You’ll see.”
The only thing I wanted to get to the bottom of was a bottle of alcohol. “Forgive me if I don’t share your enthusiasm.”
We walked in silence and before I knew it, we were at the hall closet. “I won’t even ask how you know I’m sleeping here.”
“Okay” he shrugged happily while letting me in. “I’ll have some coffee dripping for you in the morning. Before Kangee’s up.”
“Thanks, for making me some yesterday. I forgot to mention it.”
“That was Ota, not me” he smiled. “Sleep tight.”He closed the door and left.
Alone in my room I flopped dejectedly onto the bed, placed a pillow over my head and screamed into the mattress. I couldn’t take much more of this shit, feeling like a freak of nature, being feared, being despised. Having no idea what my spirit was, eroded my resolve to the point of cracking. I wanted to cry but felt hyper, on a precarious ledge and unable to climb down.
The Crew had been my only hope as to how I could Transition successfully and now that was gone. TuTu-CuCu predicted my death, but Wolf put a time line on it, saying it was before the next full moon. That pretty much confirmed, I had less than thirty days to live given there was a full moon out tonight.   
I needed a drink!!
Dashing out the door, I raced across to the living room, opened the cocktail cabinet, grabbed several bottles at random, along with a glass then dashed back to the confines of the room. Sitting cross-legged on the straw mat, I lined up the four bottles and began tasting the contents of each.
The portions were generous and multiple tests were conducted on the first three. The flavours ranged from sweet blackcurrant to a mildly bitter citrus, but mixed together, all three were delicious. The fourth bottle had been impossible to open, but with curiosity and sheer determination, I finally managed to pry off the cork.
My nose passed over the top, but I could smell nothing. Tipping it over, nothing flowed into the glass, so I peered inside, spotting iridescent goo at the bottom. As one would do to extract the last dollop of ketchup from the bottle, I tipped it over and pounded repeatedly on the base until a clump oozed out and plopped into the glass. The dazzling goo fizzed and hissed momentarily before settling. 
Dipping the tip of my index finger into the viscose substance, I brought it to my mouth and licked off the matter. It tasted like my favourite ice cream when I was a child. The one they heartlessly discontinued when I could finally afford to buy my own, in whatever quantity I wanted. The name of the ice-cream escaped me, but it tasted like summer on the beach. That didn’t make sense, but it was the only way to describe it. 
Scooping up the remaining dollop I licked my fingers clean then stretched happily on the floor. The alcohol was giving me the buzz I needed and I relaxed. Parts of me started to tingle, the parts that usually came alive around Ota. I pictured myself stepping away from that precarious ledge and putting my feet into red patent leather stilettos. Then I saw myself sporting a matching red sexy bra and panties which clung perfectly to my body. Gone were the unruly waves of my long blond hair, an elegant up-do sat in its place, thick smoky eye make-up completed the sultry look. 
Standing up, I gazed in the mirror and laughed at the image. The buzz from all the alcohol must have been growing stronger because my white skin seemed to shimmer like moonstone and I was dressed exactly as I had imagined. I looked and felt like ice cream wanting to be licked.
Holy Hens! Did I just really think that???
Grabbing the bottles I had just imbibed from, I checked the labels and discovered none had alcohol in them. They were all virgin liqueurs for cocktails. So, how come I was hallucinating? 
Was it the shiny goo?
To test my theory, I imagined myself dressed in an ultra short, wicked red dress – something I’d never wear, ever. Again the shimmering feeling crept across my skin and barely covering me was a see-through red lace bodice dress that barely covered my bum. I felt amazing and brimming with sexual confidence. 
A pull tugged at my intuition guiding me upstairs. Leaving the confines of the secret bedroom, I climbed the stairs, but did not cross anyone. After stopping at the bathroom, to freshen up, the tugging sensation led me to an alcove, behind which, was a narrow winding stairs that opened up onto a roof-top terrace. It was not only exquisitely decorated, but devoid of any crew members. 
Spying a double cabana bed facing the moon at the far end, I made my way to it, kicked off my shoes and lay on the deep luxurious cushions. A soft breeze offered a little relief from the hot night air and crickets chirped loudly lending the night a lazy summery feel. 
I heard the door open then click shut and closed my eyes as a wide smile broke across my face. “Intriguing how you always seem to find me, no matter where I am.” 
 When he stood in front of me, he did a double-take as his eyes devoured every inch of my body. “Linny” he gasped, as his breath caught in his throat.  He looked around suspiciously. “Why are you up here in your – in – like this?” 
Without waiting for me to answer he caught the shimmer of my skin. “Did Skah give you his light again? Godammit!”
Clucking my tongue and feigning mild annoyance, I patted the seat beside me. “Come sit with me, Ota.” Vapour shot from my mouth, as it would if the air was very cold, but it was a hot summer night. “You’re blocking my moon and that angst is not good for the spirit. Join me and relax.”
He seemed to stand rigidly for a moment but didn’t argue and sat close to me. I could sense suspicion rolling off of him. “Linny, did you have a few drinks tonight?”
“I did, but then I discovered there was no alcohol in them. All just fancy flavouring really.” I leaned across and caressed his hair from his face then pulled him gently to me until his soft, succulent lips were on mine. 
“Who are you and what have you done with Linny?” The question was not delivered with any humour so I knew he suspected something was off with this scene.
“What’s wrong Ota?” A short chuckle broke from my throat. “Do you suspect I am a shifter?” 
“No, but something is wrong.” 
“Believe me, there’s nothing wrong or strange going on here.” I entwined his long hair through my fingers then moved down to touch his sculpted chest. “I’m just a girl having a little down time with a beautiful man. No harm in that, right?” He didn’t answer. “This is where you answer, Right.”
“Right.” The word was repeated somewhat robotically and laced with doubt. 
My leg slid over his thigh and in one fluid movement I had straddled him. “Linny” he said slightly breathless. My bodice slipped above my panties. His hands gripped my hips, his arousal rock hard against my sex. Deftly removing the belt of his pants, I discarded it while moving in slow rhythmic thrusts.
Slipping off his t-shirt, my tongue licked his chest.  “Do you not like this?” Our breathing became heavier and fire grew hot within me. His pleasurable moans said it all as he trailed hot kisses down my neck. “Answer me, Ota.”
“I love this.” He responded is a raspy tone. 
Smiling, I pulled off the bodice and his hands coasted along my curves. “Treat me like I’m your favourite ice cream.”
He had my bra and panties off before I could even blink. His black eyes glittered like stars in the night. My heart beat hard and fast. I longed to feel him inside me. I pulled him to me, but his regard suddenly changed and then he froze. “What?” I said somewhat exasperated. 
“I really need to tell you something first.” He sounded as if he was fighting an inner battle.
Rising on my knees, I cupped his buttocks and pressed myself against him. “The only thing you can say that will stop this is if you’re married or diseased.”
“What? No- I”
“Are you either???” 
“No, of course not!!!”
“Then shut-up and let’s have some fun!”  


Chapter 10

The next morning I woke up with a blinding headache. The sun felt high in the sky but I couldn’t see where exactly because my eyes were glued shut from whatever industrial strength mascara I had conjured up. Pulling my lids apart, the light blinded me and I threw my arm across my face. There was shouting in the background. 
Sitting up, I saw a sheet had been placed over me to hide my nakedness. I rubbed a hand through my hair as images of incredible sex, multiple orgasms and the feeling like I had somehow magically fused with Ota flashed across my mind. I blushed at how bold and in control I had felt with him. It was a night that I would not only carry to my grave, but it completely erased all the bad stuff and hang ups from Stuart.
The voices grew louder and I got up, wrapping the sheet tightly around me. Kangee and Ota were in a heated argument near the entrance to the rooftop. Skah stood close, poised to intervene.
“I’m gonna keep whatever the hell I want in my own home, and you ain’t gonna get a goddamn say ‘bout it. So don’t try ‘n hang this shit on me. Ya dig?” Kangee didn’t look riled up, but his voice did not match his behaviour. He sounded royally pissed with Ota. 
“She took it all!!!”  
“So what are y’all complainin’ about??? You had a good night of it from the smell of things up here.”
Feet scuffled on the concrete tiles. “Woh! Easy guys.” Skah jumped between the two pushing them apart. “All of this is a mistake and you know it. Man, Linny hasn’t a clue about this shit. I’d bet any money on that fact.”
“Fuck it!!!” Ota spat and spun away. 
His scowl deepened as he saw me approaching. So much for magical sex and the fusing of bodies. “What’s wrong?” My voice sounded raspy, like I had smoked a pack of cigarettes the night before. 
“We gotta sort somethin’ out here, Buttercup.” Kangee held up the bottle containing the shiny goo from the night before. “Y’all had some of this last night, right?” 
“Mmmhmm.” The thoughts of that ice cream flavour now just made my stomach roll. 
“An’ how much did you take?”
“About two scoops. Why?” Skah gasped, Kangee nodded and Ota swore again. 
“Do y’all know what this is?” 
I shrugged. “Goo?”
“See. I told you she hasn’t a clue what it is.” Skah continued, “Linny, have you ever seen this goo before?”
“Never. Why? You’re all making it sound like something serious happened.”
“Leave us.” Ota said dejectedly to his friends. 
“No!!” I shot. Their attitude was beginning to scare me. “Just come out and say whatever it is you want to say.”   
Ota shook his head. “This should be discussed in private, Linny.” 
“This here is a sex drug called Moon Glow,” Kangee raised the bottle again. “You weren’t supposed to find it and you especially weren’t supposed to have none. Certainly not the amount you took.” 
“A sex drug?” I felt my head spinning. “But...but it tasted like ice-cream. I thought it was just a strange desert cocktail.”
“It tastes different to each person, but the effects are the same.”
“What effects?”
“Linny! I really think we should discuss this in private.”
“I know you do! But right now, I’m listening to Kangee!” 
Kangee seemed to appreciate that and continued. “The person takin’ the drug gets a buzz, an’ most of the time they just feel confidence – you know that ol’ king oh the world shit. But the partner of the consumer is the one most affected. They react to Moon Glow when they hear their partner’s voice ‘n they will obey anythin’ asked of them. Kind of like S&M in your world where y’all got a safety word an’ such an’ y’all got to agree on stuff beforehand otherwise y’all might be doing somethin’ the other person doesn’t want.”
“Doesn’t want??” My ears popped with rising pressure as realization of what I really did hit me, “Are you saying......that I forced him into this????” Turning to Ota, mouth agape, I swallowed hard before asking, “did you not want to be with me?” 
His silence and awkward wince said all that I didn’t want to hear. My head snapped up. “Oh Holy Jesus Christ!! Is that what you were trying to tell me last night?”
His eyes held such sadness I wanted to weep. “Amongst other things.”
Kill me now!!
I was dying a thousand deaths of shame. “Did....did I hurt you?” 
Kangee snorted “are you kiddin’ me!!! Our boy practically had his mind blown if y’ask me.”
“Shut it man! Ota growled. “I won’t say it again!”
“Then fuck it! Just c’mon out with it is all.”  
“This does not concern you,” Ota retorted. 
“If it’s happenin’ in my woman’s house then it’s my goddamn business. An’ just so’s you know, Linny’s our business too, just as much as she’s yours. Ya dig?” 
“Don’t preach to me about whose business this is. All of this happened because you left your freaky sex shit for anyone to take!” 
“My sex stuff ain’t the problem here, bro. The problem is last night you discovered you were Linny’s first and you ain’t happy ‘bout that.” 
“What?! No!” I barked to both Ota and Kangee. “That’s not true!” Images of Stuart, naked and on top of me confirmed what they were saying was an error. “I’m -” I sighed. “Look, you’re just wrong.” 
God! I was not going into the details of when I had sex once!  
“I ain’t wrong here, Buttercup. Now I’m sure you think you had sex with some other guy” Kangee said “but I’m thinkin’ that things didn’t go full throttle, know what I’m sayin’?”
“Stop, okay!” I rasped. “You don’t know what you’re talking about!!” 
Skah stepped closer with hands clasped together, his demeanour composed. “Linny, as a Curatti, my spirit is giving me several indications that what Kangee says is true. Sex magic creates a distinct smell. However, when a partner is experiencing sex for the first time, the smell created is unmistakably recognizable. It still lingers in the air around us. Adding to that is my inner light which is pulling to heal swollen tissue around your newly broken hymen and vaginal wall.” 
“She’s swollen?!” Ota’s fists clenched and he closed his eyes as he looked skyward. “Fuck!!” 
Skah ignored Ota when he turned to look at him. “The final indication is, I smell, from here the patch of your vaginal blood on the cabana bed you just got up from.” 
I covered my face with my hand. Ground, open me up and swallow me whole right now!!!!! How can they stand there discussing how I had a distinct sex smell?
“This is not very unusual at all, Linny.” Skah continued. “Your previous partner did not penetrate you enough to take your virginity. You were fully intact until last night.” 
I felt total disbelief that my sex life was being discussed amongst three men, one of whom I had allegedly forced myself on.
With shame burning deep in my heart, I turned to Ota, “I honestly didn’t know I was under the influence of any substance, otherwise I’d never have touched you. I thought you wanted to be with me, but obviously, I was wrong.” A tight knot sat in my throat. “So why don’t you just go ahead and add being Roofied or Moon Glowed or whatever the hell it is, to the charges already pending against me.” 
When I descended the stairs Ota and Kangee were still arguing. My need to escape was overpowering. At the bottom of the staircase to the left was a bathroom and I immediately occupied it, desperate to create some barrier to the world. 
A few minutes later, I was in the shower, sobbing and trying to make sense of the insane mess I created. 
Yet another mess? My inner voice critiqued. Replaying the events of the night before over and over again in my mind did nothing to assuage the guilt and shame. Talk about a one hundred and eighty degree turn! This morning I went from feeling sexually awakened to a sexual deviant in a matter of minutes. 
My fingers gripped my hair in frustration and anger. I’d never hurt Ota and it killed me that he thought I could do such a thing to him. 
How long I stood in the shower, I don’t know, but it was long enough that Ota hollered through the door several times asking me to come out and talk. Other times Ayita knocked hard and complained intermittently that I was emptying their sixteen hundred gallon water tank, I was missing chores and I had better not use her Channel shower gel. Ugh!!
When I eventually returned to the bedroom behind the closet, smoky swirls suspended in the air formed a note. 
Linny, I really wanted us to be able to talk this through, but Wolf’s called me away to a meeting. When I return this evening, I’d like to have supper with you, alone. I hope you’ll join me.
Ota. 
With one hard wave of my hand, the plumes disappeared. 

With my hippy bag stocked with sandwiches, fruit and bottles of water, I closed over the fridge door and that’s when I saw the notice. Ayita was inviting everyone for cocktails on the rooftop at 5.30 pm. Checking the clock, I saw it was ten after five. I had spent the entire afternoon researching the data base through the glasses Oran had provided and didn’t notice the time passing. 
Then it hit me! The rooftop!!
Taking the stairs two at a time, I crashed onto the terrace and dashed to the cabana bed, but the stained cushion was no longer there. In its place was simply the bed frame. Shit! I was too busy wallowing to have even thought about cleaning it up. 
“He burned it.” 
My head whipped around to see Inola standing behind a large cocktail bar, prepping items for the Happy Hour. Her hands deftly speared olives and marinated onions, a wry smile crossed her face. Neat rows of coloured bottles and steel canisters were lined up in front of her. “Ota burned it.” 
I joined her and started placing glasses carefully into the overhead glass rack. “So you know......?”  Dread filled me at the thought of the entire crew being aware of Ota being Moon Glowed. 
“Not the details” she continued smiling “and I don’t think that’s anyone’s business but your own. I just saw him take the mattress away. I could smell both of your scents when I came up here. One plus one...and all that.” 
This scent and sex magic smell thing was weird and annoying because it was like we left a neon sign up advertising our tryst. “How can the -? Never mind. Does it still...is the scent smelling now???” 
 “He already cleansed the space.” Noticing my confusion, she went on “incense and a little ritual is all it takes. No biggie.”
“How come I can’t smell the things you can?”
”We all have very heightened sense of smell, similar to that of a wolf. When we say we smell sex magic it isn’t offensive. It just helps us define spaces, or territory – sometimes mates too.”  She wiped her hands on a hand towel.  “And I don’t mean the guys and bros type of mates, I mean life partners.” 
Glancing over my shoulder to ensure we were alone, I leaned in closer and whispered, “what if one person wasn’t really participating willingly?”
“Oh my God! Linny!!” Her eyes widened and she grabbed my shoulders “are you okay? Were you restrained or something????”
I raised both palms to calm her down and stepped back. “No no, no, no, no! It’s not me....it’s ahmm Ota who wasn’t willing.”God that hurt to say. I inhaled deeply then while exhaling said “I took that gooey stuff, Moon Glow, but didn’t know what it was and things happened and we both seemed to be enjoying it, but then I heard him say he didn’t want that to happen, so I got really mad and after checking I didn’t hurt him, told him to add being Moon Glowed to the list of charges against me.”
She remained silent for a long moment, absorbing what I explained. “Has he tried to talk to you since?”
“Ahm..yeah.” He almost broke down the bathroom door.
“So talk it out. Clear the air between you.” 
“I’m more a duck and cover type. It’s not that I won’t talk to him. I will.....eventually. I just feel a need to hide right now. Jeez I sound like such a coward.” 
“You’re not a coward, Linny. You just need time to process things.”
“I think you’re right. But he always finds me no matter what, like I have a trail of lights leading straight to me.”
“Always??” 
“Yeah, why?”
“Nothing.” She said smiling again, but there was a knowing glint to her eye. “Look, I can help you have your alone time. But you got to promise me that afterward you will talk to Ota, okay?” 
“Thanks for the offer” I said dejected, “but he’ll find me anyway.” 
“Have you ever been cloaked?”
“I’m almost afraid to ask what that is?” 
“It kind of masks your whereabouts. You can hide wherever you want as long as you don’t cross the wards.”
 “Could I react weirdly to it? Or harm someone while I have this cloak?” 
“Inola!!!!!” Ayita’s voice carried from the stairwell. “Are those bottles chilling???”
“If it does, I can tell Wolf you were cloaked. No worries. You ready?” She glanced toward the stairwell, “it’s now or never.”
“Inola!!” Ayita cried.
“Okay.” 
“Do not say a word if there is anyone around.” Her palms pressed against each of my temples, her eyes closed and her lips moved but no words were pronounced. She stepped back behind the counter just as Ayita came into view, her gait harried.
Glancing down at myself, I saw nothing about me appeared cloaked. I shot Inola a look but she gave an almost imperceptible nod to remind me not to speak. “Relax Ayita. Everything’s on ice that should be.”  
“Good. Happy hour starts in five minutes!” Ayita walked to the edge of the terrace and balked at the bed frame. “What the hell happened here?” 
“No idea.” Inola shrugged and Ayita opened a piece of paper that had been folded in her palm. 
“It was Linny’s job to check decor and ensure there were enough parasols up here!” Her arm dropped in exasperation. “Where is that girl???”
“Didn’t Ota say she was needed on another task? Said under no circumstances was she to be disturbed for anything unless he sanctioned it?” 
I could feel my eyebrows rise in surprise. Ota said that? Some of the pent up angst and tension lowered after hearing this. Inola winked at me before busying herself. 
“Hard working, my ass” Ayita ground out before stomping away. 
 Inola approached me. “Now, remember, only I can see you because it is my magic that cloaks you. This will last until sunrise, so you have about twelve hours to ground your energies and recuperate. I hope it helps.”
“It will help me, greatly” I said pulling her in for a quick hug. “Thanks so much Inola. I owe you one.”
“No worries. I’d say your best bet is to go to the house at the end of the underground tunnel. It is still within the wards, but the furthest you can get from here. The door way is in the basement opposite the laundry room.”
“Okay, got it.” I was almost out of sight when she called.
“Linny?  Just so as you know....Ota’s never covered for anyone before.”

Nothing obscured the tunnel door. Still, I must have passed it at least forty times, but never noticed it before. I went to depress the handle but voices coming from the other side made me bolt and seek cover behind a small storage space a few feet away. It allowed me an unobstructed view. The door opened and the imposing form of Kangee appeared, nestled under his arm was one end of a Cabana mattress in the exact same shade as the one Ota removed.
“Turning right, bro,” he called behind him breathlessly, as he hoisted the futon off the floor. 
“Comin’ up behind ya.” Skah’s voice echoed laughingly in the background. Kangee advanced far enough to be able to see his brother emerging through the door. 
I cringed seeing the effort and trouble they were going to because of me. 
Crap! 
As soon as they were out of sight, I dashed to the door and headed down pristine concrete steps. The trail through the tunnel was very long and lit with small suspended motion sensor lights. The effect of heading toward the intermittent light leaving obscurity behind was both unnerving and strange.
The same concrete steps leading down to the tunnel, led up to the interior of the house and once I emerged onto the main floor, I felt relief for the solitude it offered. The simplicity of the decor immediately made me feel comfortable and within my element. It had the basics and that was just fine by me. 
After rummaging in the kitchen I found some coffee, made a steaming mug and took it outside to a wooden deck which overlooked several fields flanked by a deep forest. I was grateful, for the stillness nature offered and sat there until the setting sun was claimed by the night sky. 
Off in the distance, Ex’s place seemed cloaked in darkness, except for the roof top which was warmly lit up, just  as the Crew liked their gatherings to be.
Basking in the solitude of the retreat, I ate some sandwiches and other items plucked from the fridge earlier that afternoon. A courageous racoon came close enough to catch a piece of my egg sandwich mid-air. 
The hours passed and I felt more and more relaxed, so relaxed that I started to nod off. Given the few hours sleep from the night before, it was no surprise I was sleepy. Eventually, after making my way inside, I pulled a large comfy throw from the couch, wrapped it around myself and lay on the large sofa where sleep quickly carried me off to nothingness. 

The mouth watering aroma of coffee, hot buttered toast, fried eggs and bacon roused me out of a deep and restful sleep. I sat up and felt momentarily confused as to where I was, but once I remembered the tunnel, being cloaked and hiding out, I felt even more confused. Who was cooking breakfast? 
Hauling myself up, I shuffled into the open kitchen-dining room area to see Ota busy at the stove.  “Morning Linny,” he said warmly “breakfast’s ready and the coffee is fresh.”
Combing a hand through my bed-head, I took in his casual stance, beautiful face and caring expression, my confusion deepened. How had he found me? Catching a glimpse of the time on the stove clock, I saw it wasn’t as early as I thought and the sun had been up for at least a few hours. 
“Uhm..thanks.” Looking to the sun glistening on the outlying fields, I asked, “Ahm..when did you get here?”  
He laid a full plate of food on the place mat as well as a large mug of coffee then gestured for me to sit.  “I’ll be back in just a moment.”  I went to the bathroom for the morning ritual then freshened up. When I returned Ota had filled his own plate and was just sitting down. He passed me cream as well as a napkin. He remembered I didn’t take sugar?
“To answer your question, I got here about two a.m. and you were already asleep.” 
“Two a.m.?” That didn’t make sense. Inola said I’d be cloaked until sunrise. How come he found me before then?  With a nod toward my plate he encouraged me to eat up. 
“It’ll get cold, Linny.” As if in response to his comment my stomach growled loudly and I dug in. 
 “How did you know where to find me?” I asked as we tidied up afterwards. 
“Just because you’re cloaked doesn’t mean you can’t be found.” 
“Who says I was cloaked?” 
He slung the tea towel over his shoulder, as I placed the rinsed plate on the draining board of the sink. “You were cloaked. You know it and I know it, which, by the way goes against what we agreed on.”
“What do you mean?”
“I asked you not to take any magic from anyone, yet you allowed someone to cloak you.” 
I froze while putting away the dish washing liquid knowing this was going to lead to the Moon Glow conversation. Being truthful and calm was my new strategy. “I needed to be alone and wanted to be sure you couldn’t find me.” 
“You were that set on avoiding me?” He had moved closer. 
“Yes.” I replied straining my neck to look him in the eye. “Because I couldn’t undo the hurt I caused you, or the mess I made, so I preferred not to see you.” A breath I didn’t realize I was holding was released and my head hung in despair, my hands covering my shame. 
He held me tight against him, as soft lips pressed against my hair. “You didn’t hurt me, Linny. I was mad that your first sexual experience was not what it should have been, and that it was with me. I was helpless to stop it and I couldn’t even ask if I was hurting you because of the affects of the Moon Glow.”
I remembered telling him to shut-up and have some fun while pressing my naked body to his. God, it stung so much to hear him say he hadn’t wanted me, when I felt I had the most amazing night ever. Pushing gently against his chest, I moved out of his arms and busily folded the tea towel. I kept my voice strong and said lightly. “Well, I’m glad that’s cleared up. You’re fine, I’m fine. We can move on from this.”  
He shot me a strange look, but I continued in the same tone. “Thanks for breakfast by the way,” then I headed for the compound. 
He was in front of me and blocking the entrance to the tunnel in a heartbeat. “Hey, we have work to do here. You can’t just take off like that.” 
“What work? I saw nothing on the chore list with you.”
“Training. I’m going to teach you those self-defence techniques you talked about.” 
“Don’t bother. I don’t need any.” What I really meant was there was no point. Plus, I didn’t need to be alone with him doing manoeuvres that would put us in close proximity or even touching. “TuTu-CuCu and Wolf both said I’ll be dead in a matter of weeks. I’m not training. I’m off to O.D. on junk food, or something.”
“You’re not going to die!”
“Has your Shaman ever been wrong about these things?” I could tell by his clenched jaw that he knew I was right. “Yep! Didn’t think so.”
“So you’re giving up? Just like that?” His lips curled with displeasure. “Didn’t take you for a quitter, Linny Harkin. Kind of disappointed you’re thinking that way.”
“Really? Well, you can add those accolades to the long list of faults you find in me. Personally, I feel peacefully resigned to my fate and in fact, would right now, prefer to be in front of a Council firing squad than standing here being judged by you!!!!” 
I felt relived he didn’t follow me through the tunnel because he would have seen that my little outburst was bullshit. There was plenty of fight left in me, but being around him was messing with my head and my heart. I couldn’t focus on anything only him. Since the sex fusion thing it was like I was tethered to him permanently. It felt incredibly good, but empty at the same time because it wasn’t reciprocal. I needed to find a way to leave this place. 

Emerging from the basement, Skah was coming from the laundry room. From the looks of it, he was making his way toward the kitchen.  His wide smile stood out like a beacon of happiness.“Hey Linz! Good to see you!!” 
His hand took mine, lifted my arm up over my head and twirled me around. There was something about Skah’s energy that filled me with a sense of delightful silliness and I couldn’t help but titter. If the regular world knew of his affect on others, they’d have him bottled as a happy pill before you could say ‘giggles’.“Where are you off to? And why so blue?” he asked dipping me close to the ground.
I decided to avoid any talk of Ota, my Transition and subsequent death and choose solar therapy to lift my spirits.“Just outside.” 
“Just outside” he gently parroted my accent and I laughed out loud. He pulled me up straight, “well, we can’t have you wandering off just outside–Mr. Ota’s house-rules - so let’s go together. Okay?”
“Perfect!” I beamed and allowed myself to be waltzed into the blazing sun.
At home, a hot day was probably twenty degrees but here it felt like an awful lot more than that and we were only mid-morning. Plus, I was with people who tanned easily. My Irish skin was sizzling red after five minutes in the Buffalo sun. “Is there a shady area where we can sit?”
Skah noticed my reddening tone and took my hand. “C’mon, we’ll shelter over here. You’re burning like a vamp.” 
We walked for a few minutes where he led me under a canopy of trees. Several corded hammocks hung in the cool shade with enticing allure and I looked at him quizzically. “It’s okay...we can hang out here, if you like” he said opening his palm to the choices I had.
“Are we still inside the wards?” I didn’t want to cause any more trouble than I already had. 
“Most definitely” he beamed and walked to a waist high hammock. “C’mon gurl..hop on....relax a while.”
There were several hammocks hanging between the trees. “How do I hop on?”
He took my hand then held onto the edge of the cord, “sit in – bum first- then lay down.”
Once I was prone the view of the leafy canopy was breathtaking. A softly whispered, “wow!” escaped me. 
“Not bad,” Skah said from the comfort of his hammock a few feet away. “There’s a mosquito net attached if you need it.”
We lay in companionable silence for some time with only a light breeze ruffling the leaves and birds happily chirping to break the hush. Skah’s bubbly energy cocooned me, blocking all worries, fears and sadness. But it was more than that, not only were the negative emotions blocked, but I felt optimistic for a positive outcome to the Transition. I knew he had probably given me a tiny drop of his light spirit and for that, I would be eternally grateful.
“So?” he said swaying rhythmically “everything squared with you and Ota?”
I wanted to say yes, but felt I couldn’t lie to him. “We’re never going to be BFF’s or blood brothers if you know what I mean.”
“Of course!!” His eyes came alive, as if he suddenly had the most brilliant idea. Hopping down off the hammock, he came to me and had me standing next to him in an instant. He extracted a large knife from the back of his pants. Had that been in his bum? I giggled loudly when perhaps the situation called for caution. 
“What are we going to do?” I whispered conspiratorially. 
He sat down on the earth cross-legged and motioned for me to do the same. “We’re making a promise” He eyed me with such warmth. “It’s a very strong promise. Are you game???” 
Normally I should have been running away at such an offer, especially with everything that had happened, but with Skah, I felt his intentions were from the heart and held no malice. “Absolutely!” I said beaming with joy. Yep. Skah was definitely a bottle of champagne when it came to feel-good. “What are we promising?”
“We are promising to be blood brother and blood sister. So, no matter what happens to you or to me, we’ll always know we’ll be there for one another, as a brother and sister would be.” 
“I’d always help you anyway, Skah,” I said earnestly, “even if we never did this.” 
His expression changed to one of sadness. “I know Linny. You are very trusting and deserve so much. But, I promise we’ll only make a little nick in each other’s palms.” 
“Okay” I answered without question. “Just make sure my blood doesn’t touch the ground or we’ll be flying on out of here on a Ley line.” 
“That would only happen if you did a blood vow with the house.”
“I don’t think so. I mean, I made a Ley line at Blue’s compound and hadn’t made any vow.”
Again his expression became sad “Okay – good to know.”
“I’m done with blood vows. The one at Banba was enough.”
“I know..I felt its strength when we got there. Incredibly powerful. ” Holding up the knife, he said “You ready?” 
“Let’s do this!!” I clapped my hands excitedly. Really? Clapping? I think I was becoming fizzy, I felt so joyous. 
“Do you give me permission to share your blood?” 
“Sure!”
Skah held his palm open. “I’ll make a small cut in my skin here and will then make a cut in the same spot on your palm. Then we hold hands while our blood mingles. I’ll say a few words and our blood tie will be completed.” 
“What words? When will I know it’s completed?”
He smiled widely and I swear a light shone from his entire body. “The words are in my language and you’ll know it’s complete because well.....I’ll let you explain how you feel after.” 
Nodding eagerly, I watched as the blade ran along his inner palm and couldn’t help but squirm inwardly at the red liquid flowing down his wrist. His bloody hand gripped my open palm just before the long blade sliced my skin. The instant blood seeped from the wound, Skah raised his hand to mine and with a collective laugh we slapped them together and held on tightly allowing the blood to mingle. 
He spoke soft word I did not understand as blood travelled though my hand into my wrist and up along my arm –like a missile on its way to my heart. An explosion was imminent and it was going to be epic. My eyes shot to Skah and widened in shock when I saw him scrunch his face in agony.
“Hey...Skah you okay?” I asked worriedly. He shook his head and that’s when I saw foam was beginning to froth at his mouth. “Jesus, Skah...what’s happening?” 
I gripped his hand tighter to prevent him from falling against the ground. His eyes rolled back in his head. He was trying to say something, but it was coming out all garbled.  Leaning my ear to his mouth, he said through a rigid jaw “You ‘n Ota-”He crumpled unconscious, his body convulsing in hard jerks. 
“Skah? Oh Sweet Jesus Christ!!!”He was completely passed out. “Skah c’mon..wake..up.”  He was still unresponsive. “HEELLLPPPPP!!!! I screamed loudly toward the house then turned back to Skah. His skin was deathly pale. I leaned my ear against his chest, but couldn’t hear his heart beating. Picking up his limp wrist, I tried to find a pulse but either I wasn’t applying pressure in the right place or he had no pulse at all. 
CPR. Do CPR, my inner voice urged and I immediately remembered the first aid course I completed years earlier when I volunteered at the old folks home. It was part of a school project and not related to any interest in geriatrics. I hoped it would be enough to keep him alive. 
Open airway. The voice of my instructor Mr. Baden played in my mind, coaching me through the steps. Tilting his head back gently, I depressed his chin to unblock the airway. All of a sudden his body seemed to be out of reach, as if he was sinking away and my arms could no longer reach him. 
It was then I realized, he wasn’t sinking, I was being lifted off the ground as thousands of golden orbs danced about! I panicked realizing a Ley line was lifting me off the ground. Grabbing the edge of the energy beam, I jumped off while the ground was still close, but the line swept me back up. 
Holy shit!! It wouldn’t let me leave. 
“Skah, hang on! We’ll fix this!” He would die if he didn’t get care right now. 
Where was everyone???!!! 
God, this Ley line could end up taking me back to Banba.
Closing my eyes, I envisioned an anchor, weighing me down, keeping me in place. My eyes opened and I saw Ota running into the clearing. He caught sight of me hovering and the look of betrayal on his face pierced my heart. He obviously thought I did this to try and escape. I wished that hadn’t been the first conclusion he jumped to. More than anything, I was relieved to see him immediately run to Skah and offer him aid. 
The Ley line hovered but did not seem to understand my desperate need to return to the ground. I tried to see how Skah was, but was rising too rapidly to make out anything. For some reason, I called Rosie’s name and asked her for help. 
The Ley line began to move forward at an incalculable speed. Sky, clouds and great patches of water and green earth passed in a blur beneath me.
Not being anchored by a smoke spirit rope would have had me freaking out by now, but clearly the Ley line had already shown me it was not letting me go. What was surely only minutes later, but felt like hours, I landed face down in a large and foul-tasting body of water. 

A pair of thick black boots stepped into view. “Yep! It’s her alright,” the familiar voice said as if talking over her shoulder. “Exactly as you called it too” 
Lifting up my head, a face I recognized only too well stood peering down at me with a wry smile. “Evaline???” I shook my head in disbelief, as I hauled myself out of the water, the weight of which had dragged my dress below my bra and I quickly scooped it up and held it to me.
“Hey Linny. Sooo good to see you again,” she quipped pulling me into a tight hug.
An older, rotund woman bustled her out of the way, “well I’m glad to have proved me talent to you, lassy, but if  ya don’t mind, I’ll be needin’ you to get this wee one out of here and back to the house.”
“Where am I?” I asked looking around. A crowd of curious on-lookers, tourists from the look of it all held smart phones and were either filming or taking pictures of my hydro-landing. 
“Salem Harbour,” Evaline explained, “and this here is Dee Hanley.”
“I’m a friend of Rosie’s” she said with a warm smile, but her eyes belied concern. 
Salem? Massachusetts? Wow! That was quite a ways from Buffalo, New York, yet I had made the journey within minutes. Looking behind me I saw the sizeable harbour and considered it a miracle I hadn’t landed further out. 
“Evaline” she said firmly, “On-lookers.” 
In an instant, Evaline tugged my arm and we waded through the water. Passing the crowd she spoke in a voice laced with magic. “We’re good here, folks. My friend here’ll remember to be sober the next time she’s out on the water. No booze when you cruise, that’s what I say.” 
Everyone nodded believingly and her winning smile had them applauding her heroics. I received disapproving stares from the crowd as I was led to a large black, sleek motorbike.
“Evaline!! You can’t drive this you’re.....you’re-” I wanted to say pregnant, but a glance at her tight leather pants, sleeveless skin-like t-shirt and fuck-you attitude, I began to re-evaluate what I assumed. 
“Back on track?” She quipped while putting on mirror shades, her glossy lips shimmering in the sun. I looked like a drowned rat beside her. 
“I thought you were? You know?” Pregnant?“Ahm-”
“Free?” She laughed. “As a bird, Linz. Now, hop on already!””
Straddling the burning sun-soaked leather seat of the motorbike with a sopping wet dress and panties, I winced at the temperature difference.
 “It’s not far” she chuckled noticing my discomfort. 
True to her word, a few hundred meters down a tree-lined road, we turned into a cul-de-sac and parked in front of the last house at the end of a quaint, narrow street. It was a beautiful New-England style home with blue wooden lattes and white window frames. A low, white picket fence bordered a large flourishing garden and the expansive branches of an old cherry blossom tree dipped low at the arched entrance. 
Dee Hanley parked her Smart car inside the house’s diminutive parking space while Evaline pulled up against the sidewalk curb. We passed the two feet-high gate walking under the leafy limbs of the Cherry blossom tree. Tiny pink petals fell into our hair and on our shoulders. But when I looked up there were no flowers in bloom. 
“It’s a friend-or-foe spell” Evaline said walking up the cobbled-stone path. “If you’re a friend, pink petals fall on you, if you’re a foe, grey petals fall.”We automatically eyed each other’s shoulders petals which denoted neither of us were foes to Dee.
“How come you knew I’d be in the water?”
We had stopped at a fork in the path, one side lead to the front door, the other snaked along to the rear of the house. “Dee does a form of divination called Scrying. She saw you being carried on a Ley line and calling to Rosie for help. Apparently the force of the vision contained enough power to knock over her cauldron. It was Rosie’s magic that led you here.”
Immediately I thought of Skah and wondered if he was okay and what he was trying to tell me. Holy Hens, if he died, I wouldn’t be able to cope. Focussing back on the current problem, I asked.“So, how come you knew I’d be in the harbour at exactly that time?”
“Not exactly that time, I’d been there for about an hour.”
Dee appeared from the rear of the house. “Evaline.., come along...get that lassie inside and dried off.”
“Okay Dee!” Turning to me she said, “we’ll get you to safety, then we’ll get some food into you too. Those boys at the ranch haven’t been feeding you right. You’re all skin and bone.” 
I stopped in my tracks. That’s exactly what Kai and Bro had said when they first took me. An involuntary shiver went down my spine at the thoughts of Blue’s compound and what happened there.  
“Come on Linny!”
I followed her into a cozy but modern kitchen. “Upstairs with you lassie and shower.” Dee bustled. “It’s the last door on the left and there are clothes on the counter. C’mon now. You need to hurry. Hurry!” 
After taking what I felt was the best, albeit shortest shower of my life, Dee was calling to me as I was getting dressed. “Wouldja hurry on lassie, we need you down here, now!!” 
Jeez, I was going as fast as possible. After throwing on underwear, a pair of dark blue jeans, a red silk blouse and a dark blue denim jacket, I quickly towel dried my hair, combed it out then ran downstairs. 
“In here child, in here!” Dee waved hurriedly from a doorway in the hall. I ran toward an open door, which she immediately closed behind me, her rapidly retreating footsteps echoing down the hallway. I turned around and found myself in a living room with Ota pacing in front of the fireplace. 
“Ota!” Why, I do not know, but I almost ran into his arms desperate to feel him close to me. Everything in my world felt right when he was around. How could it be that I missed him so much when we had parted on such a sour note? It made no sense.  
He made to move toward me but stopped when my arms folded across my middle. “How’s Skah?” I asked nervously. “Is he okay” 
Ota nodded “he’ll be fine, but we’re still trying to find out what happened. Luckily, two Crew members performed....well they healed him. The Ley line broke through the wards, but Kangee reinforced them, although there were no threats remaining. It seems like all the hunters began following you.” 
“But I saw nobody come after me.”
“Well, Dee’s magic hid you, but -”
A brisk knock sounded at the door. Dee said with a tone of warning. “Ota, this happens now. Understand? We don’t have much time.” 
“What happens now?” I asked warily. Ota paced a few times before stopping in front of me with a pained expression. “I’m going to say something, but I want you to keep an open mind.” 
“Say what?” A worrying feeling tugged at my gut.  He appeared nervous, which had me extremely worried. “Best just to come out with it then.”
“Linny, you’re my bonded.” 
My inability to speak seemed to send him into a state of extreme discomfort. I stood there immobile, stoic and in shock. 
“Say something Linny, please.” My heart raced, blood felt like it was draining into the ground and my knees trembled along with my hands. He held them tight. “Do you need to sit down? Or have a glass of water?” 
“Did you bond us?” I managed to choke out.
“No Nessan bonded me to you just before she died.” 
“Why did she do that?” I hadn’t meant for it to come out as a shout, but it did. 
His arms fell loosely by his side, as if he had asked himself that same question a million times over and failed to find an answer. “I really don’t know,” he passed his hand over his mouth and chin. “I’ve some theories but no concrete answers.” I could feel energy that was full of confusion and sadness roll off him.
“It’s the same kind of bond you had with Nessan though, right? Just a work thing?” My thoughts ran to Kangee and Ex’s death bond and I hoped to the Sweet Divine Moon and back that it wasn’t that. 
His hands pressed together in extreme discomfort before replying “ahhmm no.....no it’s not the same. It’s quite different.” 
“How? How is it different?” I could see us bonded into the after-life and panic was rapidly rising in my throat.
“Can we come back to that later?” 
It was a request that had an almost pleading tone in it and I couldn’t help but nod okay when all I really wanted to do was scream that nothing was okay. Then a thought entered my mind and all resolve packed up and left town. 
“You’ve only been with me because of this bond, right? You wouldn’t be here or be involved with me in any of this if we weren’t bonded?”
“That’s not true....” The hesitation was barely noticeable, but it was there all the same.
“Don’t lie to me!!”
“When the bond was created any kind of separation from you became very difficult. So, yes technically, but-”
He reached out to comfort me, but I stepped away. His words had been like a hard slap on the face and I was reeling from the sting. “You know, all this time I was amazed....” a tight knot forming in my dry throat “amazed, at how someone like you had been helping someone like me, protecting me – a little too much I admit - guiding me, when in fact you’ve had absolutely no choice in the matter.” 
Models in seven inch stilettos paraded through my head. I cringed inwardly at how utterly stupid I had been to believe Ota would want anything to do with me. “That’s why you didn’t want to make love to me.” I wished for a very big hole to form in the ground and swallow me up forever. “You’re basically a prisoner!!” 
“You’re wrong” he interjected “I am no prisoner. There’s a commitment that comes with the bond, but it is not imprisonment.” 
Now I was pacing. Every time he touched me, held me, kissed me was because the bond compelled him to. Jesus Christ! How had I been so blind, so stupid as to think he held any interest in me? My cheeks flushed deeply with embarrassment. 
“Then let’s break it! Right here, right now!!” He went to speak but I held up my hand to stop him, “you should never have been subjected to this. I don’t want it and neither do you. I’m just sorry this was imposed on you at all.” 
“It can’t be broken.” He said the words in calm resignation.
“What!!!!!” My resolve had officially cracked. “Are you fucking kidding me!!!??? My tone was bordering on hysterical. We’re stuck like this???” 
He raised his hand trying to calm me.“I believe the bond will dissipate once you are Transitioned.”
He didn’t say it, but we both knew that another failed Transition would kill me anyway, so regardless of the outcome, he’d be free. “How sure are you that it cannot be broken more easily?” 
“There’s no doubt” he said and turned away. 
My heart broke for him. All those years bonded to Nessan through work and he never got a second to feel the retirement he was due before he was bonded again. Had I known what I was causing by going to Banba that night, I would never have stepped foot inside the door. Still, I’ll never forget the first time I laid eyes on him, and felt I had come across the most beautiful man ever created. If I was being brutally honest, I had fallen for him the instant he had held my hand for the Verifcare search. 
“But, I’m not suffering, if that’s what you’re thinking, Linny” 
Scoffing lightly, I feigned indifference, “spoken like the truly dutiful.” 
“That’s not how it is.”
“That’s exactly how it is!” I was doing my best not to cry or pull my hair out. “Look, just leave, now. Okay? Go back to whatever it is you’d be doing if this wasn’t happening.” 
He shook his head despondently “don’t do this. It won’t change anything. The bond is too powerful. I’ll still search for you, need to be with you, to protect you. You can’t do anything or go anywhere without me.”  
“Christ! That makes no sense!”
“Linny, we can talk about this later. We need to get out of here, now.”
“Sure” I whispered unable to talk normally with the lump of tears I was holding back. “But at least tell me what you’ll do once you’re free.” 
Again, I saw the discomfort and unease my question caused. Maybe it was painful for him to discuss what he was missing out on. “You have to understand, when I was bonded to Nessan, it was like a business contract, or a job. We would connect only for work, or if there was a Transition to perform. Other than that, we both operated independently even lived in different sides of the same city. I did all I wanted to do, was free to go where I wanted to go.” 
He stepped in closer and immediately my anxiety began to lower. “The bond you and I share is different because our connection is so much deeper. We feel good when we’re close, which is often associated with a bond of life-protection.”
“Life???” I exclaimed trying to keep the hysteria from going full throttle. “that’s what criminals are sentenced to.” 
“It means, I keep you alive no matter what.” 
“No matter what” I repeated with a sigh as my mind wrapped itself around the idea of shutting off my feelings for him. “It’s all about protection. Got it-” 
He placed my hair over my shoulder and caressed my jaw line with his thumb, “mostly.” 
“Mostly? What....” A sharp knock to the door interrupted my question. 
“C’mon kids. We’re moving. Get yerselves to the kitchen now! The hunters are closing in.”
“The hunters are here?” 
I followed Ota out of the living room and to the kitchen. Evaline beckoned us outside while saying she’d check the boundary. A very stressed looking Dee followed closely. Once we were standing a few feet from the back door she faced Ota. “Okay,” She removed an ornate dagger from her apron pocket, “you know what we discussed. It’s the only chance.” Turning to me she said “Linny, don’t leave his side.” 
“Who’s going to protect you?” I gasped.
“I’ve me own way out of here, lass. Evaline too, so don’t you worry none.” 
She stabbed the air with the dagger making a hole similar to the one Reload had made when he was trying to kidnap me, but her words were tranquil despite her harried state. The energy she was creating was beautiful, like a meadow of wild-flowers in summertime. At least those were the images coming to mind as she casted. 
Conjuring up a fishing net of smoky tendrils, Ota allowed them to entwine us tightly together until we were pressed up against one another. It felt intimate, yet embarrassing now that I knew about the bond. I never felt so foolish in all my life.
“Hold on tight” he said soothingly, as he felt my fear. To Dee he said “thanks for everything.” 
Shoving the dagger in his hand, she smiled. “We’ll meet again.” Evaline suddenly appeared from around the corner bloodied and barely standing. Dee dashed to her. Ota’s tendrils dissipated, as he joined Dee and helped lower Evaline to the ground. My eyes widened as scores of hunters surrounded on the house. The Kormushki cannibals were leading the pack, madness in their eyes. 
Umpteen plans raced through my mind and for reasons I could not explain, the most ridiculous seemed to be the best option. “Ota!” I exclaimed getting his attention. “Hook your smoke to my wrist..like a rope. Quickly!” He eyed the approaching hoard and went into warrior mode. “OTA!!! Throw it to me, now!!” 
As the ribbon snaked around my wrist I dove head first into the shimmering tunnel. Energy, as strong as a hurricane pulled me down into its depths. Clinging desperately to the ghost-like rope, I fought the G-force drag. Zooming past me in a blur were the hunters who had followed me blindly into the portal, oblivious to the fact I was hiding. Only the Kormushki woman realized where I was, but could not mark me again, although she tried. Her sickeningly long tongue- which had obviously grown back - reached out but gravity had it fall on her head as she screamed in frustration. 
My arms ached as if I had been hanging on for over an hour, but it had been less than a minute.  Climbing up, I slowly made my way back up the hollow channel. Ota yanked me through the portal’s entrance and fell back onto the ground completely exhausted and covered in sweat. He looked as if he had fought a long, hard battle.
 “Jesus, Ota, are you okay?” I asked kneeling next to his heaving chest. 
He was unable to offer more than a wheezy “fine. I just....I never... went up against portal energy before. ” 
 “Sorry. I just wanted the hunters away from here. I saw the portal as a kind of disposal unit, but didn’t know it would be that hard on you.” 
“I’m good.” His breathing was returning to a more normal pace. “But no more bungee-jumping through them –okay?”
A quick glance around told me there were no hunters, but that probably wouldn’t be the case for long. There was no sign of Dee or Evaline either. “Where’s Evaline?”
“Gone down their own rabbit hole.” 
“C’mon” I said placing my arm under his neck and hoisting him into an upright position. “We need to get out of here.” 
He staggered a little after standing but recuperated completely. Only then did I realize the strength it had taken to keep me tethered to him. “Thanks” I said “for..ahm..holding on.”
“I’d never have let go, Bia.” His quick smile sent my traitorous heart fluttering
He took a few steps forward but was favouring his side, his back slightly hunched. “Hey, are you hurt?” 
I pulled his arm away from his left side and saw a black stain spreading through his t-shirt just above his hip. Lifting his hand gently away from his side, I drew up the material. My teeth clenched. Air evaporated from my lungs at the horrific sight of mangled, purple skin peppered with a spinning jelly-like black hole. It extended across his entire right side - chest to hip. 
Holy Hens in Heaven!!! 
In as calm a voice as I could muster, I asked, “what is that?” 
“It’s nothing. Let’s go.”
“It doesn’t look like nothing. Let me clean and bandage it up.” He went to say something, but I held up a palm to shush him. “No protests, okay.” 
“Do you know what a Dal Kar is?” 
“Haven’t a clue. But if it’s that, it’s awful that’s for sure.” 
“They’re like a species of carrion eaters only they’re leech-like. They’re known for following the Kormushki to collect on their leftovers. When they’re hungry, they’re small enough to get under your skin and eat you from the inside out. By the time you feel the damage, you’re an hour or so from death.” 
“An hour? So you knew this was happening and you were still prepared to get out of here?” 
“I had to get you to safety first.”
“You risked your life because you felt there was a schedule to keep?” I tsked in frustration and worry. “You need stitches to close it up.”  A lot of stitches.
“That kind of wound doesn’t close up. It’s got to be flushed clean and then it will close over.” 
“Okay. How do I flush it out and with what?”
“I don’t have the serum. But it can be flushed out with blood.”
“Yours or mine?” 
“Ours.” 
“Christ Ota...I’ve no problem giving blood, but every time I use it something goes seriously wrong. I don’t want to make this worse.”  
“Not between us.” His breathing was becoming laboured. “It never-”
“What about the healing? The light removal?”
“- never involved blood.”
That was true, but I didn’t feel confident about this. Still, he looked like he was deteriorating, fast. “Okay. But what if you become addicted, like Lonan?” 
“Our bond prevents that. It’s safe Linny, I swear. Gross, but safe.”
“Let’s do this. How does it work? We each put a few drops in there?”
“Not exactly.” He stumbled to the living room and lay on the couch
 “Ota, c’mon. Tell me what I have to do.” 
He looked even paler than before and his eyes seemed to be peering at something far away. His arm guarded his side protectively. Fear made me swallow hard.  
“Mix our blood in your mouth.....spit it into the.....wound. Mix some more then put it in my mouth.”
His eyes kept a fixed stare on nothing in particular. Not good.
Quickly unsheathing the knife from his hip, I grabbed a tea-cup from the China-cabinet and reopened the wound Skah had made in my palm, only this time I made it larger. After allowing a couple of fluid ounces to accumulate in the bottom of the cup, I took his palm, made a similar opening and collected roughly the same amount of blood. Mixing them together with my finger, I paused a second before I knocked the lot back into my mouth. 
Yeeeeeeuck!!!!! 
Leaning over the spinning jelly-like wound, I cupped around the opening and emptied the contents of my mouth into the hole. 
Sweet fuckity fuck!!!!!
It made a sizzling, hissing noise just before the spinning stopped and bubbles began to form.  I took all of this as a good sign. 
Phase two. After squeezing out more of our blood and letting it mingle in my mouth, I depressed Ota’s lower lip enough to create an opening then with slow, short squirts I gave him our blood.  
After cleaning up and using mouthwash to rinse the metallic taste out, I returned to Ota and cleaned off remnant blood from around his mouth. “Ota..you have got to tell me what happens now okay? That wasn’t what you’d call regular first aid.” 
The five mile stare was all I got. Damn!! 
His breathing began to change. It became intermittent, laboured. 
“Ota!” I inhaled deeply. “You’re scaring the hell out of me here because you look like you’re dying. Now that can’t be because fifteen minutes ago you were standing upright in the kitchen.” 
His eyes closed. His breathing stopped. 
No!!! No!!! No!!! No!!! No!!! No!!! No!!!
Diving into action, I performed CPR for the second time that day. The rhythmic pounding on his chest and intermittent breaths into his mouth didn’t change anything. Tears streamed down my face as I looked upon his deathly pallor and still body.  Ota was dead. 
NO! My inner voice screamed. Heal him with the Bond. Use the bond, as he did to heal you. 
Scrambling with shaky hands, I opened my blouse then lay against him ensuring our hearts touched skin to skin. Ota had uttered words I didn’t understand when he healed me back at Rosie’s, but I’d improvise here with my own. 
His heart to mine. My arms slid under his and I nestled myself against him feeling the immediate soothing sensation any contact with him brought. I closed my eyes, envisaged the bond which enveloped us like a silky ribbon caressing us from head to toe. The connection we shared was a powerful energy and I gathered it all into a huge mass and sent it hurtling to the necrotic skin and bubbling black hole that was taking his life. I couldn’t admit it had already taken him because that meant I failed him and that was something I could not face. 
His body felt cold, lifeless, but I held him tight against me. “Ota” I choked, “....stay with me. Okay. Stay, with me, please...don't die, I need you. This can’t be the end. You can’t have given up.” 
No response.  I wasn’t going to give up that was for sure. 
“There’s something that needs to be said and I guess now is as good a time as any to put it out there. Don’t be mad, I’m just saying what I saw.
“The night I made a blood vow at Banba I had a vision of a normal life, a happy life. There was a man gently pushing a child on the swing and I know now it was you. He had the same long, beautiful hair billowing in the wind. We have a child together, Ota, at some point.  Come back to me. Don’t cross over. I need you. My heart needs you....” 
The energy I was sending to him was draining me at an alarming rate, but I could not stop. I had to heal him. 
“Ota....take the healing, Please. Our bond works both ways. It’s not just for me – it’s for you. As much as you want to protect me, I want to protect you too.” The room was spinning. “It’s our.....bond. It’s what.... we......share.....” Darkness was creeping over me like an inky cloak, but I held him even tighter sending him a final burst of light and love. 

Soft kisses on my lips pulled me from whatever oblivion I had fallen into. A presence beside made me open my eyes and see the beautiful face of Ota smiling back at me. He was alive and well. And happy, very happy.  “You’re alive.”
“You’re awake” he said planting another soft kiss on my lips. “Are you feeling okay? You drained yourself healing me.”
His warmth and affection was out of character. “Are you feeling okay?”  
 “Of course I am, thanks to you. You saved my life, Linny.”
“It was nothing. I owe you my life several times over.”
“Well in my world, saving a member of the Ley Watch means you are honoured by the community.” 
“Has your wound closed over?”
“It’s as if it was never there.” 
He kissed me again, only deeper and it felt ooooh so good. But this wouldn’t help my heart, so I sat up creating some distance. My head ached and I certainly wasn’t feeling whatever good-vibrations he was on. It was as if I had a hangover and he was still on a high. “I’m just glad you’re well.” 
“I may be experiencing some side affect of your healing.”
“Oh yeah? Like what?” 
“Like I want to make love to you right now and never stop.” 
Crap! Had my feelings for him transferred in the healing? “Poor you” I offered sarcastically, “that must feel awful, again.”
“Ah, I see. You’re still thinking about the Moon-Glow thing?” 
“I’m thinking, I really want to get out of here.”
He was standing up and had pulled me upright in an instant. “Yes, we need to get moving. The hunters will be back. In fact we’re really lucky they didn’t come before now.  
“Be ready in five.” I mumbled then headed to the bathroom. 

When I came joined him in the kitchen, the side-effect of his healing seemed to have lessened somewhat. But that didn’t stop him stealing a few kisses while we stocked up on snacks and bottles of water. He divided the items between two back packs, placed a leather jacket in one and handed me the other. I grabbed it and headed out the front. 
A few minutes later we were rumbling down the quiet street straddling Evaline’s motorbike. The packs fit into rear saddle bags and just above them were hand rests, which I was holding onto for dear life. Ota seemed to think speed limits were a suggestion more than the law and given the speed he was attaining, it seemed above the normal capability of a motorbike – big and all as this one was. 
Our destination was vague, unless there was a place called ‘You’ll See.’ About an hour into the journey, I was glad to see he was back to his more reserved self – odd as that sounded. 
Pennsylvania, Ohio and Oklahoma passed us in a blur and I couldn’t help but be in awe with his ability to keep driving almost non-stop. When we had left Dee’s the hot summer sun was high in the sky and the warm breeze offered a sense of freedom as we tore up the highway. But now, under the night sky, the denim jacket offered little protection against the cool wind and I found myself pressed against Ota for some measure of heat. He didn’t object but he didn’t offer any signal that he was okay with it either. Too bad, the desire for heat won out over my bothering him.  
It felt like endless hours before we stopped for gas, food and a much needed bathroom break. There was a diner adjacent to the gas station which was small, cozy and, thankfully, empty. When I returned from the washroom, Ota had chosen to sit at the furthest end, his back to the wall, his eyes scanning the three staff members. The cook was a stooped older man who didn’t look up from the grill he was cleaning and both waitresses were in their sixties and about as threatening as peach pie.   
Two steaming hot mugs of coffee were placed before us and the smiling waitress whose name tag said Doris asked what we’d like to eat. In the same breath she said they served breakfast 24/7. We both ordered a meal called The Works and the raised eyebrow I received told me the waitress was sceptical I’d either like it or eat it. In truth, I’d have eaten a trough of decomposing rats I was so hungry.  
“That was something else, crossing three states in less than a day. Normally it should have taken us much longer.”
“Let’s just say the bike, speed and journey, in general, is amplified.”
“Amplified?” I realized what he meant. “Oh, I get it! You mean magically amped.”
“Shhhhh, not so loud.”
“Okay” I shrugged. “So where are we headed?” I poured a dollop of cream in my coffee. “I haven’t, as yet, developed the ability to read minds.”
The corner of his mouth upturned a fraction before sipping the steaming black liquid carefully.“Best not say. You never know who’s listening.”
Reflexively I glanced over my shoulder. “But there’s nobody here.”
“Why are you whispering?”
“Because you’re all cloak and dagger about our destination.” Suspicion immediately had me thinking of all sorts of scenarios, none of which were positive. “Is it even our destination?” My eyebrows pulled into a frown. “Am I being dropped off to The Council? Or somewhere else, like a dark desert highway? You want me to take a swim with the fishes.”
His eyes rolled. “The thoughts you entertain boggles the mind. You’re staying with me, indefinitely!” 
“You’re assigned to me indefinitely? That doesn’t make sense. What about your job? With you gone and Nessan’s passing, Lonan’s drug addiction and Evaline’s injury the department of whatever Ley watch you belong to must be feeling the pinch. How come you’re not back doing your spying thing?”
For a second time his eyes rolled. “I told you I wasn’t spying on you and the department is fine. If you must know I took a leave of absence.” 
“So if you’re on leave, how come I’m not transferred to another agent? Aren’t I still a Hostile?” 
“There’s not going to be any other agent assigned to you and as I mentioned, technically, Hostile means we cannot identify your energy.” 
“Ota, you’re lying. Now either you tell me the truth or I’m going to Ley Line my way back to Limerick and return to some semblance of normality.” 
“You cannot leave my side no matter what – okay? The Council’s price on your head increased. We need to hide out in ‘You’ll See’ until things calm down.”
“Why did the price increase and what’s it now?”
“It increased because of what happened to Skah. If you have the potential to kill a Curatti then you’re considered more dangerous than anything they’ve ever known before.”
“But I didn’t kill Skah! I agreed to be a blood sister to him, but I had no idea he would get all foamy at the mouth and lose consciousness!” 
“Don’t blame yourself. He knew exactly what he was doing.”
“He wanted to die???”
“That, I’m sure he didn’t expect. But he knew by performing a blood exchange some reaction would occur. He was mad at me for not telling you about our bond, so he came up with this blood exchange to create a reaction that would get my attention.” He let out a breath. “It certainly did.”
“So he didn’t even want to be my blood brother?”
“Oh, I’m pretty sure he did. He’s very fond of you and didn’t like me keeping you in the dark.” 
“Do you know how he is doing now?”
“More than fine, I’m sure. He’s surrounded by Curatti and their way of healing amongst themselves is, I’ve heard, close to ecstasy.” 
“And what about Kangee? Is he blind again without Skah?”
“Those two are never far from one another.”
I was glad. The thought of Kangee being blind because Skah had tried to get Ota to come clean about the bond would have upped my guilt level, if that was even possible. “So what kind of price are we talking about?”
“Remember it’s not monetary value, but spell power. A lot of spell power.” 
“Define a lot.”
The waitress arrived carrying two heavily laden plates of food. The tantalizing odour made my stomach growl loudly and she smiled fondly, “well maybe y’all will be able to eat this right up.” She left after refilling our coffee cups and checking everything was to our liking. 
I tucked into the food immediately. After checking she was well out of ear shot, Ota continued. “If someone brings you in, they’d be the equivalent to a multi-millionaire.”
The food was heavenly and I relished several mouthfuls before speaking. “So, let me get this straight. I’m like your world’s most wanted criminal even though I haven’t done anything only defend myself?”
“Pretty much, yes.”
“The fact that I was totally ignorant of what my blood could do, or the effect it had on others is not considered in this at all?”  I laughed mirthlessly. “I would take back what happened to Nessan, Leri and Skah in a heartbeat.” 
Ota leaned in closer. “You’re preaching to the choir. I know you are incapable of any of those things, so we’re just going to sit tight until all of this passes over.”
After that neither of us said anything until we had eaten our fill. Comparing what remained in our plates, I ate almost the same amount as Ota.  He hadn’t wolfed his down like mine. Leaning back totally satiated, I rehashed our conversation in my mind, but something about what he said bothered me. Well a lot of what he said bothered me, but one thing stood out. “When you say you took a leave of absence....how did that come about?” 
“This doesn’t need to be discussed.” 
Understanding dawned on me and I shook my head in dismay. “I think it does.”
“There is nothing to say.”
Taking a gamble, I voiced my suspicion. “You’ve lost your job because of me, haven’t you?”
His shoulders shook with a silent laugh. “No.”
“Look me in the eye and tell me that again.”
He let out a long sigh before meeting me eyes. “I was looking to retire anyway.”
 “Ah feck it, Ota!” I groaned. “What possessed you to do such a thing?” 
A faint smile crossed his lips, “you possessed me, Linny.”  He got up and walked to the cash register. 
Holy Horses!!Was that good possession or the demonic kind?

When I emerged from the washroom, Ota was outside standing beside the bike. “All good?” He asked. I nodded and he pulled a leather jacket from the saddle bag and opened it out for me. “It’s a ways to go to ‘You’ll See’. The extra layer will make it a little less cold.” 
His jacket had a worn leather smell mixed in with something musky and windy freshness. It was huge, but I very much appreciated the extra layer except he was wearing only a T-shirt.
 “Ahm, thanks, but I think you need this more than me.” 
His laugh was hearty and contagious. “Believe me, I’m fine.”
Yes, you are!
He placed my arms through the enormous sleeves and it fell as low as a dress. I had to push through mounds of leather to see my hands. Stepping in close, he zipped up the jacket then we both hopped on and within seconds we were tore off into the night. It began to pour rain. 

A few hours later after passing a sign that said Welcome to Missouri, we took a long meandering road in a sparsely populated rural area. Houses were miles apart and quite a distance from the main road. With my arms wrapped around his waist, I noticed he was shivering. Shouting as loud as possible, I asked him to take the jacket. He raised a thumb downwards to indicate no. I hoped we’d be in a warm place soon. 
We turned left onto an unpaved path, loose dirt and gravel added mud to our wet dishevelled clothes. The journey felt endless and I almost whined ‘are we there yet’ but bit my tongue through sheer guilt at all Ota had done to keep me safe.
We went so far off-road the motor bike fishtailed through mud on uphill inclines. Desperate for some inclination as to when we’d stop, I called to Ota over the noise of the engine and the wind and rain. “Should we just get off and walk?” He patted my hands where they joined around his waist. 
I almost cried when we pulled up beside a lone cottage on the edge of a vast wooded area. Warm glowing lights shaped the concrete structure indicating someone was home and I immediately began to feel on edge. Who was there? Had Ota a special someone in his life? While I was under the influence of Moon Glow, he admitted he wasn’t married, but that didn’t mean he didn’t have someone. Damn.
Extracting myself from the bike like one who had been on a horse for a week, I noticed Ota, as always, appeared unaffected by anything, even the prolonged lack of mobility. How did he do it? If I hadn’t touched his skin and felt him against me I would have doubts as to whether he was human or not. The only indication the journey had taken anything out of him was the shivering.
“Who’s home?” I asked nervously.
“We are,” he smiled then led the way from the gable end around the gravel path which led to the front door of a very warm, cosy looking cottage. The sound of gently lapping water puzzled me. 
“Are we near a beach?” 
“It’s a small lake.” He pushed open the door allowing me to step in first. Blissful warmth enveloped us.
Directly inside the door, Ota removed my coat and placed it on a decorative hook then slipped off his boots, placing them haphazardly on a matching shoe rack. The fact that our clothes were soaking wet and filthy didn’t seem to be an issue, so I followed suit, all the while cringing at the mess we were making. 
His shivering became more pronounced. “You look like you need to heat up. Why don’t you take a hot bath?”
“I’m depleted magically, not cold. I masked us on our way here, to make sure the hunters didn’t catch your scent. I just need to replenish.”
“Okay....I’m not sure how you do that, but can I help you with anything?”
“Thanks, but I just need to get a fire going.”
That sounded simple enough. “I can help there.” 
“I have an outdoor fire pit,” he chortled while shaking his head. “Everything is already set up. But thanks.” 
“Alright then. Eh...do you mind if I use your shower?” 
“Sure, down the corridor to the right.” 
 The bathroom was amazing. White tiles covered the floor and partial wall space. The remaining half and ceiling were in a muted champagne tone which offered a relaxing neutral atmosphere. There wasn’t one but two sinks and the bath was the deep, claw-foot variety, perfect for long luxurious soaks. The shower head was large and suspended from the ceiling. I peeled off muddy clothes and hoped he had a large water tank. 
Despite the need to steep in the tub, I was aware of Ota needing to clean-up too and quickly finished up by washing my hair. Thankfully a couple of white robes were suspended on a hook behind the door and I donned one then went off in search of a washer and dryer for our clothes. 
Ota passed me on the way to the bathroom. He was stark naked, covered in what appeared to be black powder and smoke trailed from his nostrils, ears, mouth and hair. His usually silky locks were in matted clumps, like he had used too much hair mousse. His eyes were wide open and I kept my gaze trained on them and not other parts of his anatomy
“Ota? Are you okay?” He wasn’t shaking anymore and even seemed revitalized. “You look like you fell into a vat of soot.” 
“I’m fine” he smiled and his white teeth stood out in stark contrast to his blackened skin. He caught sight of my clothes. “Washer is in the laundry room behind the kitchen.” 
He disappeared behind the bathroom door. I waited a moment to make sure he was alright. When the sound of water gushing from the shower met my ears, I made my way outside, found his clothes next to a large fire pit then returned to the laundry room. 
The kitchen was spotless, really well organized and the fridge fully stocked. It didn’t take long to rustle up the ingredients for a quick, wholesome salad as well as toasted sandwiches with various fillings. “Made us a bite to eat,” I called out as Ota emerged from the shower and, thankfully, wore a bathrobe.
“Thanks. That’s great. Looks good too.” 
“It’s only sandwiches” I laughed. “You must be starving.” 
“Sure am.”
We ate in companionable silence. Ota had a massive appetite and I wondered how he managed to stay in such great shape. My eyes strayed to the area of his exposed chest. I couldn’t help my reddening cheeks as I thought of his naked form.
After supper, we cleaned up together, I began to wash the dishes while he dried them. “Do you come here often?” 
“Sounds like a bad pick-up line,” he teased.
I flicked a tiny amount of suds his way. “It’s just so remote. I can’t imagine you get to come here much. And how come there’s food stocked?”
“You’re right, I rarely come here. Nobody knows about this place except a trusted friend and now, you.”
“So this trusted friend knew you were coming and prepared the place?” 
“That’s right.”
“Good job on such short notice.”
“She doesn’t live far and on the very rare occasion that I do come here, she’s able to provide what I need.” 
“Someone Ota Two Moons trusts implicitly? Must be quite the person.” 
He put down the plate he was wiping. “You think I don’t trust you, Linny? Even after I’ve brought you here?” 
“I’m fairly certain you don’t.” 
“Give me one example where I demonstrated mistrust?” 
There were so many. “When you saw Skah unconscious on the ground and me on a Ley line, you thought I had hurt him and was escaping. It was written on your face.”
“That’s what you thought? Seriously?” 
“What else would you be thinking?”
“That someone had found a way through our defences and was luring you away, right under my nose!” 
Sure! “It certainly didn’t seem like that to me. You thought I had whacked Skah over the head and was making a getaway.” 
His shoulders rocked with laughter. “First of all, Skah could immobilize you in a heartbeat – not that I’d let him lay a finger on you –but you know what I mean. Second of all, he’s the one who would alert us if you had tried to escape. And thirdly, I knew you’d never do something to hurt him like that.”
“I wouldn’t. Ever.” 
Placing the tea towel on the counter, he took my hand and said, “Come on, let me give you the grand tour in two stops.” 
From the kitchen we stepped into a cozy living area. Floor-to-ceiling Bay windows with Bamboo window treatments sat on either side of an intricately designed stone chimney which dominated the space. A large, wide, cream coloured couch faced the fireplace, where a log burned brightly in its hearth. The wooden ceiling matched the floors in color and type. Hold-all baskets placed in strategic places held extra blankets. It appeared to be professionally decorated.
“It’s beautifully decorated.”
“All my friend’s hard work. I only did a few things.”
A door in the far corner lead to the bedroom, where a king size bed covered in beautiful white linen dominated the space. More floor-to-ceiling windows created an airy feel to the place. Bookshelves built around the headboard area offered warm lighting and a cozy feel. A large wooden chest sat at the bottom of the bed and I traced my fingers across the metal corners. “It’s just gorgeous. Did you do this yourself?” 
“The base was already there. I just put on a fresh coat of paint and varnished the floors.”
I’m sure he did a lot more than that. The place looked like a labour of love. “Well it’s exquisite.”
“Good, I hope you’ll be comfortable. There are spare blankets in the chest.”
“I’m not taking your bed, Ota. The couch will do fine.” 
“Too late, I already got dibs on the couch. Didn’t you hear me call it?”
“Haw-haw.” 
He took a pillow and blanket from the pile inside the chest. “I’ll get you a t-shirt to sleep in,” Pulling across a panel in the wall, a small amount of clothes, all identical to what he usually wore sat on hangers. 
“This should do.”  I took the black t-shirt and he returned to the living room with a quick “good night.” 
Fatigued as I was, sleeping proved impossible. Part of me yearned to have Ota beside me and I didn’t know if that was because of the bond or because I liked feeling him close to me. After a couple of hours of tossing and turning, Ota appeared in the doorway. 
“I’m coming in beside you, Linny. The bond compels us to be in proximity. We’ll both sleep better that way. But don’t worry, it’s only to sleep. Okay?” 
“I’m not worried.” There wasn’t a chance in hell he would want to make love with me. He slipped in beside me and immediately his presence calmed my restlessness. 
“You’ve known for a while then?”
“Mmmmhhhm.” I hadn’t a clue what he was on about, but figured I’d go along with whatever he was assuming and see what I could learn.
“That pull was stronger than me, right from the get-go. I tried to resist, but couldn’t. From that first night at Rosie’s, I slept beside you and every night since. While I was away at The Council meeting, my eyes didn’t close once because you were not beside me. Power of the bond,” he said sleepily.
“Yep.” He certainly would have something to celebrate when he’d finally be free from all this.” I turned on my side away from him. Thank God the bed was large, it gave us lots of room to stay as far apart as possible. 
The next morning I woke to find I was spooning Ota. How the hell...? Extracting myself as quickly and silently as possible, I made my way to the bathroom. Ota had taken our clothes from the dryer and hung them beside the robes. Happy to be in regular clothes, I went in search of a caffeine fix.
The morning sun illuminated the entire kitchen creating warmth and an intense feeling of freedom. The view of the lake was magnificent and it stretched far off in the distance. Ota had described it as small. What quantified as big then?  Endless forest contoured the lake adding a sense of isolation to the tranquil setting. An old motor boat bobbed against a bleached wooden dock and a metal stand held several fishing rods, all of which looked brand new.  
I had just finished preparing a copious breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausages hash browns and hot buttered toast. Last night’s sandwiches seemed a long time ago and I was starving. 
“Linny, that smells so good.”  
The coffee was freshly percolated and I filled a mug and handed it to him. “Dig in. There’s plenty.”
“I’ll make us supper tonight. You’ve cooked the last two meals.”
“I hardly call sandwiches meals.”
“It was a meal to me. Anyway, tonight we’re going to eat what we catch.”
“You’re going fishing?”
“We’re going fishing.”
“Don’t people only fish at dawn and dusk?”
“This lake is well stocked. They will be taking the bait easily enough.”
“Okay, but you may as well know, I have never been in a boat let alone coaxed anything onto a hook.”
“First time for everything.” We looked at each other for a moment, both reliving the moon-glow episode. “Linny, we’re going to have to –“
“It’s alright” I said hurriedly, “We’re good. I’ll be by the boat, okay?”

Remaining quiet was required when fishing, that much I was aware of. So, I was more than happy to sit silently while Ota fished. An hour into our activity and he had already caught several, but kept two and but put the other back, as they were too small. 
“Your turn” he said suddenly breaking the calm and handing me the rod. 
“It’s okay. I’m happy to just observe.”
“That may be, but life is about experiencing things and this will be fun. You’ll see.” 
It took several attempts but I managed to cast the line out a little further then sat and waited and waited some more. The sun was baking hot through my top and I was seriously tempted to jump into the water to cool off. After thirty minutes, I felt my skin was frying. “Your turn.” I said thrusting the rod to him. “This isn’t working.”
“You alright?”
“I just need to cool off.” 
 “The water’s freezing.” 
Slipping over the side, I realized he was right, but for a few minutes, it felt heavenly. “Ahhhhhhh. That’s better.”
“Why didn’t you say you were too hot? I would have brought us back.”
With my body submerged from the neck down, I smiled up at him “I’m fine.”
“That you are.” He smiled back and I scowled breaking eye contact. “What? You don’t want to hear me say you’re a beautiful woman? Do you know I cannot get the image of us together on the roof out of my mind?” 
“I don’t want to have this conversation.”
“Do you know what you did to me?” 
“I know only too well what I did to you and if I could take it back, I would.” 
He was in the water a second later and I was pinned against his hard body. “I’m so sorry if I hurt you because that’s the last thing I’d want. That night was like nothing else I had ever known. You’ve made me yearn for that moment, constantly. Every time I look at you, I want you. I want you to want me too.” 
“That’s the bond warping your mind.”
“No! Even my smoke sprit recognized our connection and kissed your cheek during the Verificare! That, I can promise you, has never happened to me before.” He hooked my legs around his hips then kissed me like the last drop of the world’s water was on my lips. Despite the silky smooth firmness his lips burned with hunger. It was a hunger we were both feeling and my kiss told him as much.
When I came up for air, my hands pressed against his chest. “Yep! That’s definitely the bond.”
“You’re a terrible liar, Linny. I can smell your arousal. It permeates every pore in your body. Tell me you want me. Let yourself go.”
“Ota, the only place I’m going is back to the cottage. You can’t go from telling me you were forcibly bonded to me and then expect me to believe it doesn’t influence how you’re feeling right now.” I swam to the far end of the boat. “Let’s head back,” I said hauling myself, very ungracefully, over the side.  
While returning to the cottage, he refused to drop the subject of us being together. “Did you notice what changed about our bond after the Moon Glow?”
“Please, let’s not talk about the Moon Glow” I said looking out onto the foaming wake. 
“The Moon Glow changed the bond.”
I was afraid to ask how. The silence grew between us and I knew he wanted me to converse about the bond, but I felt ignorance was bliss and said nothing. 
When we pulled up to the dock, he threw a rope onto a wooden post then hopped lightly onto land before extending a hand and helping me out. He moulded my body to his and kissed me in a way that sent sparks igniting my entire body. 
Resistance is futile, my inner voice giggled. 
“You are so beautiful” he said as deft fingers trailed through my hair before coasting down my back and stopping on my hips. . 
“You’ve been out in the sun too long” I teased. “Let’s go inside.”

After changing into dry clothes, I wandered through the living room and onto the deck, which offered a magnificent and wide view of the lake. Closing my eyes toward the sun, I inhaled deeply, grateful for this peaceful moment. 
Ota appeared beside me, two glasses of wine in hand. He offered me one and smiled. “A chardonnay I believe you’ll enjoy.”  His glass touched mine. “To exploring our bond.”
“To freedom from that bond” I retorted raising my glass to his. 
“You were asleep when the bond changed. You missed the pyrotechnics.”
What was he talking about? “You were hallucinating. You know, under the influence and all that.”
He took the glass from my hand, placing both of them on the floor behind us. “Watch.” His arms crept around my waist. Smokey tendrils enveloped us in a heartbeat it was as if we were back on the rooftop, laying on the cabana bed. 
Hundreds of ribbons of solid gold danced around us.  At the same time we fused physically, we fused magically and the sensation was like freefalling from a plane for endless seconds before landing onto a soft feather bed. Ota’s naked form entwined with mine was beautiful, sensual and our ecstasy was palpable. The golden ribbons undulated over us, through us, surrounding us in a bond that went way beyond Nessan’s original link of protection, but I had no idea how deeply. There were too many strata of bonds and I was, seemingly, wading in blindly, but happily. My eyes trailed around our bodies catching the ribbon weaving in slow swelling movements, as it accentuated our pleasure.
The smoky illusion dissipated and we were once more on the deck over-looking the lake. “You’re incredible, Linny” Ota whispered while inhaling my hair. He raised my eyes to his. “Did you feel what’s changed? Have you felt what our bond is like now?”
“Ota,” I said taking his hands in mine and stepping back. Every particle of me wanted nothing more than to lay with him on a rooftop, but what he showed me was not the whole picture.  “When I woke up from that night, I may have taken the time to notice these things, if the opportunity to share was there. But-.”
“Look, I know what I was feeling came across the wrong way. But I was mad at myself for taking your virginity, hurting you because it was your first time, and.....well....just enjoying every second of being with you like that.” 
How dumb do you have to be to not even realize you’re a virgin?! “If I didn’t know, how were you supposed to know? Besides, that wasn’t the issue.”
“It wasn’t? Well, what was?” 
“You didn’t really want to be with me because you’re promised to Ayita!” 
“Ayita!!!!!!”  He shouted, his eyebrows a mile high. If Rosie was here she’d probably tell him not to emote so strongly.  “Who in God’s name said I was with Ayita?”
“Well aren’t you?” There was no way I was giving up Inola.
“No I’m not!! Never have been and never will either!”
“So why did Wolf promise you to each other?” 
Ota rubbed a hand through his hair. “Ayita is a lovely person and I’m sure she will find her bonded some day. But I am not that person. Wolf knows it and exonerated me from the promise. Ayita doesn’t like when the smallest of plans change, let alone life plans, so she carries on as if we were still promised.”
“And how long ago was it that you told her you are not promised anymore?” He looked extremely uncomfortable and didn’t answer. “Ota, how long ago?”
He swallowed hard. “The day I started observing you at Banba.” 
You could have knocked me over with a feather. My shocked expression must have said it all because he stepped in close and caressed my cheek with his thumb. “You and I weren’t bonded then.”
“No we weren’t” I whispered.“I hadn’t even set eyes on you.” 
“But you felt something when we met, as I did.”  His fingers gripped my hips pulling me to him. 
“Ahhhhmmm.......yes. Yes, I did.” There was no point in denying it. 
He moulded my body to his and kissed me in a way that sent sparks flying between us. He picked me up, carrying me inside. Between languid, breathless kisses he asked, “You saw filaments of the bond between us before, didn’t you?”  He laid me on the bed all the while covering me with sensual kisses. He slid on top of me, his weight supported by his elbows. 
“Ahmmm....” I found it hard to focus. “I’m not really sure, but when you took my light, I caught glimpses of a shimmering blue.” After a pause where my breath was heaving heavily, I questioned something. “But now it’s gold.”
“Do you know what that means?”
 “No.”
“The bond is golden for me too, exactly as you describe it. And any bond that turns to gold signifies destiny.”
 “Is that just like a higher level of protection?” I didn’t need a bond-by-colours to know I had fallen for him. God, these bond things were complicated! 
“Very much so.” He kissed me deeply again reigniting the passion. “It means I am yours and you are mine, as it was meant to be.”
“Are you sure you want this?” I panted. I also felt somewhat insecure because our prior sexual encounter was chemically enhanced, I might not be able to provide the same ‘experience.’ 
He brought my hand to his lips and kissed my fingers tenderly. “Linny, I feel happier right now, with you here beside me than I ever have before.” He ignored my open mouth, “I could die right now and say that these last few weeks have been the happiest of my long life.”
“Ota, I -”  A gentle knock sounded at the front door and I froze in fear. 
“It’s okay” he soothed. “it’s only Ehawee. She’s bringing supplies for a few days as I requested.”
Something felt wrong. “Ota, what level of magic are you?” 
“Why do you ask?” The knock sounded again. 
“Ota, please- tell me.” My heart began to race and a terrible feeling sat in my gut. 
“Don’t worry,” he said getting off the bed. “It’s high.” 
I sat up straight and quickly made my way to the edge of the bed. “And you trust her, right?”
“Implicitly.”
He walked out of the bedroom and I quickly followed then moved in front and blocked his path. “What level would it take to overpower Ehawee?” 
He frowned realizing I had a bad feeling. He cupped my cheeks. “Don’t worry, Bia, nothing feels different. And if there was a disturbance in the sphere, I would have felt it.” 
He moved toward the door, but I pulled him back. “Wait! Is her magic similar to yours?” 
The door burst open and an old woman stepped inside with a strength and power that did not match her aging body. 
“Ehawee?” Ota questioned before he stumbled backwards. I turned in shock from him to the strange weapon the old woman had just discharged. 
“No. She’s dead!”  Another loud crack sounded and Ota jolted violently then fell unconscious on the floor. Blood spread across his chest at an alarming rate and I wailed as I raced to his side. 
“Ota? Ota....No!!!!!! Don’t you dare die. Goddamit!!!!” 
His body was floppy, lifeless. “Ota” I sobbed, shaking him. “....stay with me.” I leaned my hand against the wound on his chest.“Stay, stay with me...don't you dare die” No response.  
I wouldn’t give up. 
The sharp click of metal sounded, but I ignored it. “Come back to me, Ota. Don’t cross over. I need you....”
“Hey! Bitch!” 
I turned to see the old woman’s shape undulate and Evaline suddenly stood before me, the strange weapon now aimed at me. “Eva -!” A muted blast sounded and then nothing. 



Chapter 11 

Someone placed barbells on my eyes, or at least it felt that way when I tried to open them. Even then they were barely open slits and focusing was impossible. It took several attempts, but when I finally managed to see correctly, I was in a small cavernous room partially bathed in darkness. A Gibbous moon cast a little light through an elevated rectangular window with iron bars set into the outer ledge.
Where the hell am I? 
Then it came back to me. Ota!!!! Sitting up straight, I called his name aloud then realized three things. Pain throbbed around my blood encrusted wrists which were cuffed to a steel cot, my voice was gone and so was Ota.
I swallowed hard trying to block the images of Ota’s lifeless body beside me. 
No!! No!! He can’t be dead!!!!!  
Recalling how his cold skin felt against mine, I was forced to face the painful reality that he had not survived.
That bitch, Evaline!!!! She killed him!!!! 
It seemed impossible the towering force that was Ota, was no more. He seemed indomitable. How could he have lived for so long and yet be taken so suddenly? It made no sense that I’d never feel his protective embrace or touch his beautiful face again. I choked back a sob. 
Shouldn’t I have felt the bond dying between us? 
Reaching out with my mind, I tried to feel the link between us, but was met with nothing only seeping damp cold air. Emptiness spread through me like a destructive wave and a sense of loss dragged me to the edge of an abyss so deep, re-emergence would not be possible. What happened to him? Did she leave him on the cabin floor? How long was I out? Did she take me here? Or were others involved?
I slumped back down on the bare cot bringing my legs up toward my chest. Warm liquid dripped from the torn skin on my wrists.  The wounds Ota had tended to so gently had reopened.   
“Boss, subject’s awake again.”
Subject??
My head jerked in all directions looking for the source of the man’s voice, but couldn’t locate it. There was nobody in the dank cell, which meant I was being monitored. It was too dark to see where the camera was located, but it had to have been on the ceiling. 
Oh Christ, had Blue found me?? Holy fuck, I couldn’t take that again!!
Thoughts of torture and being sold to some pervert had my heart racing. Tugging with all my strength on the restraints, I tried to free myself. I’d prefer death over being someone’s sex slave.  
“Vitals are hitting high, Boss.” The tinny voice announced excitedly. 
If I had been recaptured by Lonan or Blue, they’d be cuffing my limbs to the wall and hanging me in my own waste in no time.  
Jesus Christ!!I was just a receptionist, a failed interior designer. How the hell had life spiralled down to this moment? I felt in a perpetual cycle of problems that were going from bad to worse. Life’s little routines now seemed extraordinary instead of mundane. Would anything be normal again? 
Breathing became difficult. My heart squeezed tight while racing madly. It was too dark in here. Darkness was my enemy. I needed out. I need out. NOW!!!
“Actually, they’re going through the roof, Sir. Sir? She’s going to crash!” 
I was? Into what? And why wasn’t the so-called Boss answering this guy?  Who were these people? Where was my family? My brothers? Kangee? Skah? Anyone????
These fucking cuffs were killing me!!!!!!!!!!! 
My body thrashed on the bed like a wild animal caught in a trap. Blood oozed from my wrists but I ignored the pain and fought my restraints.
“Subject,” a cool, deep voice resonated off the walls, “remain still.” 
For some reason I associated that voice with extreme pain. I continued to thrash so much the cot jerked an inch to the left. I was an inch closer to the door. Sweat covered my entire body. Adrenaline fuelled my every movement. 
“Sedate her.”The same voice commanded.
“Sedating, Sir.” 
A sharp nick pierced my leg and I recalled how Reload’s dart had felt exactly the same. Within seconds every part of me felt like lead, as if massive anvils were anchoring me down. My chest heaved in breathless gasps. Waves of confusion ebbed across my mind giving me intermittent moments of clarity where the need to escape raged on, but then floated away to a place of peace. 
“She’s like this every fucking time she wakes up!” A long sigh followed a moment of silence before he said, “Use the probe again.” 
“Yessir.” 
A slithering snake-like feeling traveled from my right thigh, slid across my hip and burrowed deep into my spine before piercing the base of my skull. Despite the drugs, my entire body went rigid and I bucked hard on the restraints while screaming hoarsely in agony. Warm liquid covered my wrists as the metal cut deeper into the open wounds. I wished for death. 
“Retract probe,” the same deep voice ordered. 
“It’s been five days, Erebus,” a third male voice said in a bored tone, “and each time it yields the same results. At this point, I’m not even sure there’s even a spirit in there.”  
Five days? I’ve been here five days?
Lying on the dilapidated cot, a trace of hope sparked within me. If they believed I had no spirit the torture would stop. I wasn’t naive enough to believe they’d release me with a ‘no hard feelings’ slap on the back. They’d most likely kill me. The end was in sight. My eyes closed with relief. Maybe I’d even get to meet Ota on the next spirit plane. Water filled my eyes, flowed down my temples and into my hair. 
“Are you that dense, Porcius???She. Creates. Her. Own. Fucking. Ley. Lines!” The cool voice now bellowed sending my flicker of hope into obscurity. “You think a human can do such a thing?” He had said the word human like it was a highly contagious disease.
“Then what do you propose?” 
“Bring in the Junkies.” 
Junkies??? Fuck!!! I’m going to be made an addict!!
“You suspect sorcery?”
“I heard she spent some time with The Great Sorceress.”
“Deargaria????” A low whistle followed his shocked tone. “I thought she was dead.”
“That’s the general belief. But, I think it was just her career that died. Apparently, these days she goes by the name of Rosie.” A snicker of derision was exchanged between both men and I couldn’t help but wonder at Rosie’s past. 

Metal clanged against metal rousing me from my stupor. I had zoned out, but I didn’t know for how long. Looking at the light of the moon peeping through the window, not much time had passed. 
 “Junkies, enter” the tinny voice ordered. 
The cell door retracted into a hollow side panel allowing two humanoid forms to pass through. They were no more than three feet high with spindly legs, oversized heads and large protruding ears adorned with many earrings of various sizes. Their feet slapped rapidly against the cold stone as they neared the cot. Their only clothing was a skirt of sorts and I wondered if they were warm enough. Pfft! They were here to drug me and I cared about their comfort??? They weren’t children, but I saw them as such and thought living here must be such a cruel existence. 
The intercom buzzed with noisy feedback. A slew of curses were muttered then a throat was cleared. “Junkies, detect magical blocks and destroy.” 
The little beings heads swivelled to locate the voice then nodded their understanding before moving to either end of the cot. Each pressed a long boney index finger against my forehead and foot simultaneously. A loud pop sounded at the exact moment an opaque sphere surrounded us.
Warmth and comforting light encased us illuminating the junkie’s strange features. Large doe eyes peered down pointed noses. A very long and thick black ponytail sat high on the top of their otherwise shaved heads. There was no doubt of the magical power they exuded. It shone around their bodies like a silver aura, as their helium voices chatted rapidly between them in a language that sounded like tongue-clicking.
When they sat on the bed, legs crossed Indian style, I was both surprised and suspicious. I didn’t interact but waited for them to drug me or detect whatever magic they thought was in me. One pressed a finger against his green tongue then directed the slimy green spit at me, signalling me to open my mouth. Ew!! I shook my head while pressing my lips tight together, but in a movement so fast I couldn’t even catch it, the finger was pressed against my tongue and I was gagging with disgust. 
“Now we understand each other” the slimy fingered one said with a warm smile. 
He was helping me to understand their language? “Okay” I nodded fearfully waiting for the needles and drugs to appear. 
“Boss man steewwpid, no see us talking. But we hurry.”
“Hurry? Won’t...won’t they know what you’re doing?”
“He see different things right now.”
“An illusion?”
He nodded happily. “All Boss men steewwpid.” 
Disgruntled employees? Could be a good or a bad thing. “They are?”
“Yess. Stewpid men cannot see two powers.”
“What two powers? Where?”
“Big power inside here.” His bulbous finger touched my head. “Big power asleep now. Other power here,” his finger laid gently against my heart. “power from Tid.”
“Tid? What’s a Tid?”
“Tid good.” 
“Oh, okay. And the big power?” 
The creatures looked at each other and exchanged a knowing smile. “We wake big power before we leave. Boss man steewwpid.” They chuckled heartily between themselves and I saw them as mischievous children. 
“Does the Boss man have a blue tattoo on his face?” 
“No. He have ass for face.” 
I couldn’t help but smile at their rebelliousness. “Where are we?” 
“Belly of Beast.” 
Crikey!“Where is that? Is there a town or city nearby?”
“Only magic river touch rocks.”
Very cryptic.“Is this place your home?” I couldn’t imagine them being happy or free in this dank dungeon. 
“We Jungies. Belong to rocks in earth. Steewwpid man build here. We stay with rocks.”
“Can I ask what Jungies are?”
They seemed confused and chattered for a moment. “We not Steeewpid Boss men. We of the rocks.”
I was so relieved to hear they were not junkies tears spilled down my cheeks. Nobody would be sticking needles and drugs in me. 
“You sad, smelly girl?”  I couldn’t help but laugh at their honesty. “Now you happy, sad, smelly girl.” 
“I’m happy you’re here. My name’s Linny. What’s yours?” 
“Gicket” said the one who swapped spit with me. He pointed and said “Ayak” to the quieter, gigglier one.
“Gicket and Ayak, thanks for this.....for the warmth and light of the sphere.”
Tracing a semi-circle he said, “this Sun.”
“It certainly does feel just like the sun. It feels so good.”
“Bad” Ayak said pointing to the bleeding wound on my wrist. Gicket shook his head then each sent light to my wrists. The blood dried up then disappeared leaving only puffy pink tissue. They also loosened the cuffs but still managed to make them appear clasped tight. 
 I couldn’t help but gasp at the amazing relief from the pain. “Wow” I sobbed. “You’re just..... awesome, wonderful healers. Thank you so, so much.”  They jabbered happily between them in their language. “I wish I could do something for you.” 
“We ask later,” Gicket said patting my arm softly and I marvelled at his confidence that I would even be around to help. “First, wake big power.” 
“What’ll happen? I choked suddenly terrified. 
“No afraid. Trust big power.”
“And the Tid? Should I trust the Tid thing?”   
He gave a wide toothy smile, “trust Tid, always.” 
“Thank you, Gicket. Thank you Ayak.” 
They both smiled then Gicket leaned forward, “Smelly girl, close eyes now.”
“Wait!” I exclaimed. “Does this beast or his belly have a name?”
Gicket and Ayak seemed momentarily afraid then Gicket puffed out his tiny chest, “The Council.”
My eyes almost popped out of my head. “Oh. My. God!! This is where The Council is????” Evaline brought me to The Council!!!Un-freaking-believable!
“Beast here, yes.”  Gicket closed his eyes sadly for a moment. “Now, no talkie smelly sad girl. We wake big power.”
Their fingers pressed against each temple while they spoke softly in their tongue. Swirling waves of sunshine meandered through my prone body while a gentle drumming stirred my heart. Another press of Gicket’s finger and the drumming beat grew steadier, stronger. My feet danced to the rhythm, following it like a butterfly in the wind. 
I felt the sphere dissolve and opened my eyes to see the Jungies had left. The thumping remained steady until it morphed into the entire percussion section of an orchestra. Cymbals clashed, bells pinged piercingly, drums pounded a rhythmic beat that became deafening. My fists clenched willing it to stop, but the thumping grew faster and faster, louder and louder until my brain felt like it was exploding. My teeth ground together, my ears felt like they were bleeding, I was completely rigid and convulsing on the bed. I was going to throttle those feckin’ Jungies!!!!!!
‘SILENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!’
My body froze. Where did that voice come from? It wasn’t mine! Was it the Stupid Boss the Jungies spoke about? No! It was inside me. It came from inside. My spirit? My spirit was awake?
‘Yes! Mensa candidate, I’m your spirit! What clown put me to sleep???? The last thing I remember was fighting off that big guy, again.’
‘What’s with the sarcasm?’ I asked through my thoughts. I did not actually speak aloud. It was weird having a conversation between my own thoughts and an extra voice in my head. 
‘Who put me to sleep???’
My thoughts strayed to Rosie and the coven and how they healed me after Leery tried to Transition me. 
‘Was it Rosie, Host?’
‘Uhmm I can’t remember because you supposedly put me to sleep’. There was no way I was stooling on Rosie. 
‘Okay, we’ll deal with that later. The Jungies have just summoned me. What’s going on?’
A million thoughts passed through my mind in a matter of seconds allowing me to show Spirit everything that happened from the moment I woke in Banba after killing Leery. 
‘You’ve been busy. But now, we wait.’
Wait? My arms flopped by my sides in defeat ‘some Big power, huh?’ 

“Nothing, Erebus.” The tinny voice broke the silence in the cell all the while quietening the chatter in my mind.  “The Jungies don’t seem to have found anything dormant.” 
“I’m not giving up, Porcius.”
“Won’t Hrabanus be here shortly?” 
“To hell with Hrabanus!!” The voice sounded vicious and seething with anger. “Get the information out of her by whatever means necessary!!” 
“And how do you propose I do that? Even the Jungies couldn’t find something.”
“I want you to go in there and fuck her until she talks, Porcius.”
“Sire?” 
I screamed internally. My spirit reacted to the news by communicating in an urgent tone. ‘Host, looks like we won’t have long to wait after all. I need you to be ready when I tell you and you must not resist. Are we clear??’
‘Ready? How?’
“But sire,” Porcius continued “you know ahm...she doesn’t have the right equipment for a man like me. Now that Indian she was brought in with” he laughed lustily “now him I’d take care of in a heartbeat.” 
‘That Indian?????? Ota? OTA’S ALIVE?????????’
‘Calm down!’ My spirit urged. 
‘I will not calm the fuck down!!!!!! If Ota’s here, I’m going to find him!’ 
“Go in there and fuck her!” The creepy voice of Erebus commanded.
“Why not send in Driller? He’ll do the job only too willingly.” 
Their sinister laughter told me I was seconds away from a horror I could not even imagine. My spirit paced restlessly. Not a good sign.
Erebus spoke slowly, a smile to his words. “Get Driller.”
Minutes later light the metal door of the cell slid open and light from the corridor cast an eerie shadow across the cell. A thin diminutive, forties-something man appeared at the entrance to the cell. He looked ordinary except for his mouth which appeared as if it was forcefully closed. He wore black jeans, a black shirt and strange arm armour. I could sense disappointment in him. 
‘He’s a skilled predator.’ My spirit warned. ‘You’re being served up on a plate to him and there’s no fun in that.’
‘Holy shit! What do we do?’
He began to unbutton his shirt. 
‘Let me take over.’
‘How?’
Driller moved from the cell door to about two feet away from me. “Don’t come any closer” I rasped with what was left of my voice. 
‘He has been commanded to teach you to surrender. He will stop only when he has filled every inch of your body with his seed.’  
He removed his shirt and began undoing his belt. “Sounds like you needs some oiling’” he laughed and I recoiled at the triple set of pointed teeth layered within a putrid smelling mouth. 
“Just so as you know, bitch” he said after throwing his belt on the floor, “I like to make my own entry points.” From the steel armour on his forearms great big spikes shot out. “I use the ones already there for the grand finale.” When his pants fell to the floor, he was already erect and my legs clenched together instinctively. 
‘Let me lead,’ my spirit pressed.
Through my thoughts I said ‘okay but I don’t want to be put to sleep while things go on that I have no control over’. 
‘I can keep you awake, but you will witness unpleasant sights.’ 
‘Fine with me’ I thought in an urgent tone. ‘Just please find Ota, get us out of here. I need to see Ota. I need to see him.’ 
‘I will take you to your bonded as long as you know I will be in control and will not submit to your command again.’ 
‘I accept!’ There was no point in denying I was out of options and would die if my spirit didn’t get involved.
‘Let him get closer then when I give you the order, push your will to the back of your mind.’
“Let’s see here” he laughed while straddling my chest, so his crotch was right near my mouth, “where will I start?” 
Up close, the wicked, horrific opening of his mouth showed layers of pointed teeth which clenched and unclenched in anticipation of food. I retched from the horrendous stench. “A tracheotomy? That way you can breathe through your windpipe while I stuff your mouth and block your nose.” 
‘Wait!’ My spirit cautioned. A knife appeared in Driller’s hand and it took every ounce of restraint to not try and fight. 
‘Spirit, what about those monitoring us?’
‘They will see and hear nothing. Time will not move forward.’
‘You can do that?’
‘It’s something I know I can do, but not how or why.’
‘You’ll need to explain that to me later.’
‘Wait. Almost there. Time ceases to move around them as of..... now.’
He drew an outline of the incision he would make in my throat. 
‘Step back Linny Harkin. I am leading.’ 
I closed my eyes envisioning myself leaning against a steel wall in a dark room, while before me played a movie that was my life. It was the only way I felt I could see what was happening without interfering. 
‘Good. Very good,’ my spirit crowed and I felt it step up to the fore of my mind and stretch itself widely. 
The sensation that my body was way too small to contain such a massive entity made me panic, but my spirit eased my anxiety by taking up a little less space. Suddenly my wrist was no longer restrained to the cot. Spirit had gripped the man’s throat tightly cutting off his oxygen supply. His eyes widened in shock at the sudden switch in power.
“You have maimed countless hosts, murdered the innocent. I smell every one of their last breaths on yours.” It was my voice talking, but it sounded different, distant. The tone was lower, neutral, not emotionally charged at all. We released the hold on Driller’s trachea to allow him to answer. 
His gargled response was a venomous “fuck you! bitch!!” 
There are many components of a throat and I held the entire bloody mess in front of my attacker a second before he died.  He fell onto my body, his warm blood immediately seeping through my clothes onto my skin. I jerked him away in a silent scream of revulsion. 
Spirit released the restraint from my other hand and I stood up on shaky legs. Five days in confinement and torture meant I was far from being fighting fit.
‘The door. Open it.’
The first few steps I took resembled a zombie march, but spirit quickly gave me strength and when I slid across the door it was no longer joined to the frame. ‘Christ!’
We went through a seemingly endless labyrinth of low stone tunnels many of which contained cells where human and non-human entities were imprisoned. Spirit explained that there were few guards about because the magic enclosing the prisoners was strong enough to have need for only a few sentinels. Five guards met the same fate as Driller and although each time I asked spirit just to knock them out, I was reminded of the control relinquished in our agreement. 
‘How do you know where to go?’ 
‘He reaches out to you.’ 
Just then we stopped at a cell door. I felt Ota on the other side before I even saw him. We kicked in the door and if I had been in possession of my body, I would have fallen to my knees in shock. He was unrecognizable. ‘Oh God, oh God..he’s dead. Ota’s dead!’ 
‘He lives, but he is badly hurt.’ 
Our respective definitions of badly hurt were poles apart because he looked like he had been shredded by a pick-axe. Deep open bloody wounds covered his entire body. I went to dash over to where he lay naked, in a blood covered mess, but Spirit held me back. My feet tapped the ground in a dance of panic and despair. 
‘Let me hold him, please, please. God, he looks dead. Please let me hold him’ I pleaded.
We cannot do that right now. But, fear not, I will tend to him.’ 
‘He’s been hacked to bits!!! Help him, please. Do something!! NOW!!!!’
‘Patience, Host!’ Spirit snapped. ‘I am accomplishing what was agreed. Please remove yourself from this process.’
Duly chastised, I moved back against the wall of my mind from which I had strayed and chewed nervously on my inner cheek. After a moment of silence, we reached down and pulled off both his arm and leg restraints. My hands hovered over his unconscious form weaving a warm powerful energy field around him. Healing rays entered the deep gashes minutely closing each layer of broken tissue until the skin was once more whole. Dried blood remained caked everywhere. I wanted to cover his nakedness, but there was nothing in the cell. 
“Tid, awaken! Your bonded is here.”
‘TID???’ I balked remembering the Jungies naming the other power I had. ‘Why are you calling him TID???????’’
‘It is the name of his Smoke Spirit.’
Ota’s head moved slightly but then nothing. 
‘Are you sure he’s going to be okay?’
‘Yes.’
‘How...are you sure he’s Tid?’ I asked again before I realized I should not be interfering.
‘I’m positive.’
‘Really? You know that?’ That got me thinking. ‘..and do you have a name?’ 
‘Yes, but it will not be known to me until I can be freed.’
‘Okay..well..ahmm, I suppose I should introduce myself... I’m Linny.’
‘Yes, Host, I know your name.’
I wondered why it still called me Host if it knew my name, but I wasn’t going to get into that right now. 
Ota stirred again but was obviously not lucid. ‘He really doesn’t look okay.’ 
‘He has lost a lot of blood. He needs water and cleansing. The wounds had death magic on them which would have affected us, but I dissolved it.’ 
Kneeling by the bed, we brushed away the hair from his face and kissed his cheek lightly.
“Tid,” Spirit spoke through me, “your bonded will get you out of here. We’ll have you safe in no time.”
We lifted him into our arms. Even though it was really my Spirit carrying him, I was amazed it could be accomplished. Only then did I realize what Rosie meant when she said, my Spirit’s strength was that of ten grizzly bears. We left the cell and headed for an exit only Spirit knew existed.
We passed one of the guard’s mangled bodies still lying in the tunnel.
‘He wears a gourde containing water.’
We snatched the flask and moved into a dimly lit alcove where we gently laid Ota on the ground, his head cradled in my lap. We gave him intermittent sips of water until he began to come to.
 “Linny??” he asked in confusion. “How did you..?” 
“Your bonded has allowed me control, Tid. You are not talking to my Host.”
‘Spirit, tell him I’m so happy to see him...awake’. 
“There is much she wishes to tell you, but it will have to wait.”
‘Thanks a lot!’ I grumbled.
In typical Ota style he nodded and addressed Spirit, “thank you...for your help, Spirit of Linny,” he gasped for breath. “I need to ....keep her safe.” 
“The bond is strong.”
In my thoughts I pleaded with Spirit not to talk about the bond with him. He was in this state because of that bond and the shame I carried with me was too depressing to discuss. 
We transported a barely-conscious Ota through more tunnels until we reached a circular wall that was a dead-end. 
‘We’re trapped!!!!’ I exclaimed in full fledged panic. ‘There’s no way out!’
‘We will exit this facility.’
‘How????’ I balked ‘Hellooooo?? Walls everywhere???’  
‘Were you not supposed to be in a viewing capacity, Host?’ 
‘How the hell are we getting out??’
We laid Ota on the cold floor and I cringed as he gasped in pain. The icy concrete made contact with his freshly closed sores. We weaved more energy around him and it seemed to cocoon his body in a warm shell.
Just then Gicket and Ayak appeared beside us. I let out a wail and Gicket promptly stuck a grubby, spittle-covered finger into my mouth. Reluctantly, I did the licking thing again so as to understand him. 
“You no afraid Smelly girl. Big Power awake. We help Tid.”
‘The grate in the floor leads to liberty and healing.’ 
Our hands grasped around a steel circular handle in the floor and pulled up a thick metal plate about twenty square inches wide. I peered into the opening and saw the gushing rapids of a tumultuous river. 
“Are you insane?!!! He’ll be swept away in an instant”
“That good for Tid, smelly girl.” 
He will live, Host. And he will heal. That is what you desire, no?
‘Yes. But, are you sure this will make him better not worse?’’ I said that aloud and the Jungies thought I was talking to them.
“Not worse, better.”
Host, his submergence in these warm waters will accelerate healing. Magic had caused his injuries and the purifying qualities found in the water will rid him of the remnant contamination. The energy sheltering him now will break on impact which will cause brief discomfort.
Gicket and Ayak helped raise Ota off the floor. “I thought you guys can’t leave the rocks.” 
“Rocks make big circle around beast.”
“Host! Let Tid go now.”
Without further ado, we raised Ota off the floor holding him above the tight manhole. Gicket slipped into the water first while Ayak, Spirit and I held his upper body and began lowering him through the tight manhole. The shock of being immersed brought Ota to. He gasped in confusion. His legs flailed trying to find purchase. “Linny?” he gurgled through a mouthful of water. “Linny? Where are you???”
The current was strong. We gripped his right hand tightly to prevent him from being washed away.
“Tid, be still. We will swim with you. Our friends, Jungies are helping.”
Gicket and Ayak kept hold of Ota while Spirit and I began to descend through the hatch then everything became suspended. Moving was impossible. We were completely immobile. 
‘Hey???!’ I chided my Spirit in my mind, ‘Why have we stopped????’ 
“He nears. His magic has frozen us.” 
‘Who? Who nears?’ The grip we had on Ota’s hand was no longer capable of holding his weight against the torrents and I watched in horror as he was carried off into the frothy waters. 
“OTA!!!!!!” I screamed, but I might as well have been a window mannequin for all the sound or mobility I had.  My only consolation was the friendly wave both Gicket and Ayak gave as they bobbed out of sight with a half-conscious Ota between them.
“Host, I believe our end approaches. The parting will be painful, but we will meet soon on another plane.” 
Before I could fully grasp Spirit’s words, a suited figure approached, flanked by several similarly dressed men. With their sleeked back hair, expensive shades, buttoned up shirts and silk ties, they looked like they had taken a wrong turn at a business convention. The energy rolling off them was distinct in that it felt ancient, connected to a powerful, yet unending source of odium. The collective vibe I got was exactly what my spirit had said, this is the end. Upon closer inspection, I recognized two of them as the men who collected my brother Duff after he had Transitioned. God, I couldn’t believe what my brothers had become! 
The leader of the suits stopped in front my frozen form and sneered. “Really? This is the one causing such an upset in our world?” 
He was probably in his early forties and from his rigid stance and strong self-assurance he exuded, I knew he was used to being in control and controlling others. “But she is just a girl!” The accompanying men offered no opinions, they just continued to stare at me. 
“I am Hrabanus, Chief of Council Security.  “Erebus tells me you spent some time in his department and left without permission.” He made it sound like we walked away from a meeting before the Powerpoint presentation was over.
He retracted some of the power thrown on us, so Spirit could at least respond. “We terminated the violator. You will find his larynx somewhere in the cell.”Spirit’s voice was deeper than my own, made a slight echo and held no fear whatsoever. 
‘Ahm Spirit?’ I communicated in thought, ‘We maybe shouldn’t have said that.’
Hrabanus inclined his head in puzzlement. “Are you admitting to murder, Miss Harkin?”
“I am admitting self-defence was used. Does The Council admit to attempted murder, rape, and forcible confinement?” 
‘Great,’ I cheered sarcastically ‘we’re officially screwed!’
Hrabanus sighed. “I repeat, are you admitting to murder Miss Harkin?”
“You seem to have auditory maladies, so I will give you a moment to receive the information from those accompanying you.”
“There is nothing wrong with my hearing, I assure you. Not only did you kill several of my men, you also made off with one of our prisoners?” 
‘Don’t say his name, Spirit!’ I urged in panic. 
“The prisoner drowned.” 
My heart clenched. ‘What????? Is that true? Ota’s d..dead?’ I could not hold it together another second if I had just let him go to a watery grave. 
Spirit sighed before inwardly communicating through thought. ‘Touch him with your bond, Host.’ 
‘Oh okay.’ 
Reaching out with the energy I felt when he was near, I tried to connect with him but felt nothing. Calling his name silently, I asked him if he was safe. A tingle of energy touched my heart and my breath broke into a sob of relief. He was alive....that’s all I needed to know in order to face whatever it was that awaited us.
“No need for any blubbering here, Miss Harkin. We’ll give you reason to cry soon enough.” With a harried gesture, he beckoned me forward. “You will come with us, please.” 
Funny how he made it sound like a request. The binding force was not released but we were moved forward without actually taking any steps. We hovered lightly above the ground surrounded by dark suits. 
“The Council meets shortly. They will be most happy to finally meet you.” 

We were lead to a huge room they called the vestibule, where more guards joined the suits for what they described as ‘my preparation’. White. Literally everything was white, from the tiles covering the floors and walls to the four extremely large baths sitting in perfect symmetry at the center of the room. One was full of water. 
“Undress!!” Hrabanus barked while undoing the spell restraining us. “You cannot show up smelling like a sewer rat.  Now, your valet will be along momentarily with your robe.” 
I didn’t move. All the guards were male and call me old fashioned, but I liked to clean up without an audience. 
“Do it” he said with complete calm but I could feel anger rolling through him. 
When I still made no move to comply, he made a frustrated squawk and my clothes fell to pieces at my feet. My hands shot to cover my lady parts. 
‘Bastard!!!!!’
‘It is only skin’ Spirit soothed, ‘they will not harm you. They fear you.’
‘They do?’ I scoffed. ‘Good to know.’
A second later I found myself under water but had not even felt movement from where I had stood. 
“Bathe!!!!” the security chief hollered when I came up for air and a soapy cloth splattered my face. Two minutes later, I declared myself clean and asked for clothes. Before I could even blink, I appeared near Hrabanus and quickly placed my arm across my chest and my hand over my private area. 
He clicked his fingers without taking his eyes off mine and a shorter, similarly dressed man stepped forward carrying a white garment. With a flourish it was opened out and I saw it was a simple white full length tunic with a open neckline. 
‘Fitting. They’re going for the psychiatric patient look.’
‘Insane of them,’ spirit chuckled. 
Without a word it magically fell over my shoulders and zipped itself up from behind. I felt his power bind me in a way that I could not move of my own free will. Invisible hands braided my hair tightly against my head. Nothing was placed on my feet, so I guessed this was a shoeless affair. The binds placed on me did not extend below my ankles, which meant they were allowing me the ability to walk to...wherever. My death?
With a sharp nod of his head, Hrabanus motioned toward his guards, who instantly flanked me. We paraded out the door along a gleaming white tiled floor corridor with a low half-domed shaped ceiling. Equally spaced squares of light provided aggressive luminosity. We stopped all of a sudden. The security chief moved me two steps to the side and all the guards formed a compact circle around me, ultimately blocking my view. We began moving upwards toward the ceiling where a large section retracted.
Emerging into another brightly lit place, I stepped on the tips of my toes for a better view, but the towering guards stood shoulder to shoulder, their large wide backs preventing me from seeing anything other than another white domed ceiling, but this was much, much larger. There must’ve been a special on the cost of white paint when they were decorating this place.    
The platform halted gently and the guards stepped off forming a semi-circle to the rear of me, their eyes never straying from me. 
I was in a white circular atrium with wide staggered levels, where several hundred people, also dressed in white, sat on luxurious reclining, white leather armchairs. The only color provided was that of their skin. Their power was undeniable. It hummed like a high tension wire on overload. Still their manner was relaxed, indifferent to our presence as they murmured loudly amongst themselves. This was entertainment for them. Our death would be the same as watching a movie or a play. 
My breath hitched in fear. ‘I feel trapped,’ I communicated to Spirit, but heard no response. ‘Christ, I feel death everywhere.’
Turning my gaze to the right, I noticed a large pile of grey powder and wondered what it was. The sterile environment seemed like the last place a mound of dirt would be tolerated. 
‘It’s not dirt, ’spirit whispered to me.
‘Then what is it?’ 
‘You mean who was it?’
‘Okay then...’I gulped. ‘Who was it?’
 My head lifted as my nostrils drew in a deep breath of air. Sadness washed over us as I felt what Spirit was discovering.
‘A woman. young. Pregnant. Vaporized.’
‘Why?’ I gasped. 
‘Fear.’
‘Fear? What could all these people possibly fear from an expectant mother?’ 
‘Not her. What she carried.’
‘They were afraid of her baby?’ I balked. How could they callously murder the most vulnerable of their society!!
‘Of the child’s power.’   
‘Really? An unborn baby had enough power that people here felt threatened?’ Without waiting for Spirit to respond I continued, ‘that makes absolutely no sense because I’m feeling their power and it’s supercharged. They’re not vulnerable.’
‘Her power was very different. I believe it to be of another world. People always fear what they don’t know or understand.’
Before I could delve further into what Spirit knew, Hrabanus pressed a hand against my back shoving me off the platform. I stumbled slightly before regaining my balance, my attention drawn to several giant screens descending from the ceiling. More screens suddenly appeared on the right of each spectator’s armchair. When illuminated, a green background gave way to an image which looked typical of a hospital monitor. 
The words displayed were -Heart Rate, Blood Pressure, Respiratory Capnography, Body Temperature, Evasion Variability, Death Variability, Entity Interference, Host and Spirit Fatality. I was about to ask Spirit what all of this meant when a section of the floor a couple of feet in front of me began to recede.
Emerging from an underground section was a white crescent shaped desk complete with a panel of approximately twenty people, who covered the spectrum of age, gender, dress and nationality. There appeared to be an equal number of men and women, but some of those were perhaps transgender. One person like he stepped out of Woodstock, another like she was a CEO, another, a vagrant. They were an eclectic mix and really indefinable. None appeared friendly.  
The murmuring in the room stopped as soon as Hrabanus raised his hands. “Leaders! esteemed Elderen, Honoured Council members, welcome!”  
There was no applause but an acknowledged nod from everyone present. The panel remained stoic. “We have before you the person who has terrorized our community, sowed fear in the hearts of our people until her capture by my team.” The room erupted in applause.
	I terrorized people? 
“Everything is now under control. I, and the men under my command, will keep you safe during this trial.” 
Hrabanus was making me out to be some sort of mastermind criminal when the real criminal was him and his men. The audience lapped up his heroics, loudly applauding his valiant efforts. 
	‘Jesus, this is a witch hunt. They won’t be satisfied until they burn us!!!!’
‘Calm yourself, Host. We do not want to display hostility. Not now.’
‘Listen-up’ I told my spirit testily, ‘I’ve been through the bloody ringer and back and if ever there was a time to feel bloody hostility it’s now!!!!! This asshole is just looking for glory and he doesn’t care who he has to expend to get it! If I wasn’t immobile right now, I’d have to be hauled off his sorry excuse for a body.’
My chest heaved as rage flowed through my veins. The spectator’s monitors started to give off various rings, bells and rhythmic beeps. I shot a glance at the large screen and my mouth opened in shock. Words pulsated in crimson against a black monitor. 
Blood pressure – High. 
Heart rate- accelerated. 
Breathing – erratic.  
Perspiration – elevated. 
Anger – explosive. 
Thoughts – Murderous. 
	‘Murderous? But that’s insane.’
	‘Host, you were thinking of a violent end for Hrabanus.’
	‘Yes, Spirit, I was.  But that doesn’t mean I would actually kill a person.’
	 More lines of so-called biological data appeared on the screen. 
Entity Interference – Unknown
Host/ Spirit Fatality- Imminent. 
‘And that’s why a calm state of mind is best. This monitoring system of theirs gives them reason to end us.’
‘They’re going to end us anyway.’
With a self-righteous grin Hrabanus gestured toward the screen, “there is no hiding from this information, ladies and gentlemen. The data speaks for itself. However, because we are a just people, our esteemed council will review the case.” With a flourished bow he stepped aside removing the petrifying binds. 
You could hear a pin drop in the place as a man seated front and center in the panel spoke, “Miss Harkin? Linny? Is that correct?” His accent was Slavic, his voice gentle even if his eyes were cold slits of blue. 
“You already know this information,” Spirit responded in a matter of fact tone. 
His head tilted quizzically just as Hrabanus had done. “Your Spirit speaks for you, even if you are not, as yet, Transitioned?” 
This, apparently, was scandalous and the crowd gasped in horror.
“We merged fully only when Erebus ordered the rapist Driller to violate my Host. I saw his memories. This is a crime he not only enjoys, but commits regularly. He is employed by The Council for this reason only. ”
The panel shot looks of shock and disgust at Hrabanus who bowed lowly. “The Council must not believe what is being reported. She has the power to warp our minds and fool us into believing her words.” 
The crowd became unsettled. “Hrabanus, may I remind you, the host and spirit have not merged. It is the spirit that talks before us now and is therefore incapable of speaking these falsehoods.”  The chief of security placed a hand over his heart and bowed lowly, but the Slavic man tsked impatiently “I will conduct an in-depth enquiry into these serious allegations.”
“Of course, Jophus. Will there be anything else?”
“Disengage from this investigation. Your men will remain on alert- level zero.” 
“But, I am responsible for apprehending this threat.”
Jophus stood upright, his demeanour menacing.  “Remain by the exit until I address you.”
Hrabanus looked positively demonic but directed his men to take up position on a lover level in the arena before walking across the room. 
Jophus directed his gaze toward me. “The Elderen Nessan and Leri died during your attempted Transitions. How did you murder them?”
“Elder Nessan was not murdered.” 
“It appears to us that she was.”
“We are innocent.” Spirit explained everything from the first Transition to Leri’s personality change where he ended up trying to murder me. The panel listened intently, did not interrupt, but from the expressions on their faces, had difficulty believing, even if they knew that Spirit was speaking truthfully. 
I relayed about the research on failed Transitions and how I would die if another one was conducted and failed. I provided information on each Elderen’s method of generating different power levels and how that power would burn me from the inside out, emphasizing how it was most confounding that none of this energy change was visible to those witnessing the Transition.
I urged The Council to consider how my ability to create Ley lines could serve a purpose for the community and maybe a Transition was not necessary, at least not until a safe way was found to perform it.
The panel closed their eyes simultaneously and seemed to communicate telepathically. Nods of agreement and disagreement went on for at least an hour until the lead council member, Jophus, opened his eyes and addressed me. 
“Miss Harkin, we believe your talent to construct Ley energy is a wonderful gift and one we are eager to explore with you. However, a Transition must occur in order for us to know and trust the spirit which lies within you. Elderen Meven, who is the oldest and most expert Transitioner has been selected to conduct the ritual. We have full confidence she will succeed where others failed. 
“Will she use the one true method?”
“We will ask her.” Then with a quick gesture of his hands, a beautiful woman walked into the center of the podium. If she was ancient, I was a newborn baby. No more than in her early thirties, with long dark wavy hair, a voluptuous figure and a white beaming smile, she strutted onto the platform with the confidence of someone who had the Midas touch. 
Her hands rose as if plucking an apple from a tree and closed her eyes. “You are indeed unique, little one.” Turning to me she opened her eyes again.“I will explain the process of Transition to you.” It felt like she was in the role of a teacher addressing a particularly slow-to-understand pupil. “I will create a dome over us...” 
“You will fail” my spirit interrupted.“That sphere is where the energy begins to kill us.”
Her perfect smile faltered. “There has never been a Transition without a dome. What I can adjust is the energy level inside the dome. Leri probably used too much and Nessan, not enough. I’m sure I can get just the right dose.”
“We disagree. It is not a question of energy dosage. The method does not work and those two empty Elderen seats are proof. Should you insist on going ahead, I suggest you say goodbye to your loved ones.” 
Those simple words of caution were perceived as a threat and chaos broke out in the atrium. People fled their seats to the exits, Hrabaneus’ guards surrounded me and one grabbed my arm in a tight pinch. I squirmed in pain. Jophus spoke in an authoritative voice which soaked into the brains of everyone present and commanded calm. 
 It took several minutes but once everyone settled down again, he said, somewhat breathlessly “we’ll let Meven conduct the Transition. This will be a success, I’m sure of it.” Meven didn’t look so sure anymore, but was too proud to request time to research. Spirit felt my sobs but could offer no words of consolation. 
It only took a few minutes for everything to be ready. During that time Spirit asked for a little extra space to flex for, what she called, her departure. I squished myself back as far as possible to the recesses of my mind, but could barely contain the scream of pain as Spirit extended itself. 
A sheen of sweat broke out on my body, my head felt it would explode. The monitors wailed loudly making the already nervous crowd bark complaints of an impending attack. Meven cajoled them into a sense of security by hovering a diamond-like glistening dome high above us. The crowd went wild and applauded loudly knowing they would be safe once the cover fell over us.  
Looking up at the magical orb, she extended her arms, calling on the powers she would need for this ritual. Her energy was incredibly strong and she sent it out in strategically placed spots, so the dome would be re-enforced in some places and more permeable in others. It was with this balance of strength and malleability that her confidence lay. 
The dome slowly began to lower over us and already the burning in my feet began. Meven was descending into a trance even before we were half-way wrapped within its confines. My whole body trembled in the face of death and I clung to the hope that it would be quick because I knew it would not be painless. 
I screamed hoping to wake Meven from her trance but nothing could break her out of the ritual. ‘It’s the end’ I said to myself. My body wanted to fight, to survive, but Spirit was in the driver’s seat and I could only watch events unfold. 
My organs were melting. ‘Spirit, please let this be over quickly.’ 
Closing my eyes, I thought about Ota, saw my hands touch his face, his hair, his beautiful lips. I wanted my last moments on this earth to be filled with the joy I felt being with him. ‘Christ!’ I sobbed, ‘I loved him’ and it took me being executed to realise it. ‘Really crappy timing’ I sighed. 
The place began to fill with thick, black smoke and my eyes shot around wildly looking for the source of fire but everything was quickly obscured. Suddenly Ota was holding me to his hard chest and I clung to him like a rock in a wild river. Questions like, how he had gotten past the guards and how he had managed to slip under the orb before it closed crossed my mind, but were quickly forgotten because in that embrace was heart-felt relief that he was well, gratitude that he had come to be with me for these last moments of my life, and hope that he would enjoy the freedom of no longer being bonded. 
“Until the very end, my sweet Bia,” he whispered laying me down gently. 
My organs were charring from the inside and he positioned himself beside me, holding me tight, easing my agony. Spirit warned that it was departing and with a simple inner hug, I stepped back even further in my mind to allow it do whatever it needed to. 
It seemed to stand on the edge of a cliff, stretched to its incredible full size. The ear-splitting noise of a booming call came from deep within its center .A great explosion sounded sending glass and debris flying around us. Ota lay, protectively, on top of me. The blinding lights of the atrium blew out and we were in complete darkness. Spells flew around the room restoring the lights. 
Ota raised himself off me then lifted me into his arms bride-style. Elder Meven lay unconscious on the ground and I knew from her pallor she was dead. In the time it took to blink, a legion of sword wielding men with magnificent black feathered-wings encircled us and even more surrounded the entire atrium preventing anyone from leaving. 
“Who are you??  Jophus barked. “You have no right to be at this hearing.” 
One of the winged men stepped forward to Ota and without a word laid a hand on his arm. I wanted to scream at them not to harm him, but darkness claimed me. 

	When I came to, we were still in the atrium, but I was at the far end of the podium, where the woman’s ashes had been. Ota was standing next to a line of the winged men, all of whom bore bows and arrows, his expression was grim, his stance rigid with tension.
Sweat covered my trembling body and I felt agony like never before. The burns sustained with Mevan had travelled from my feet and had reached my throat. 
How come I can stand when I can barely breathe?
That’s when I became aware of strong hands gripping my arms tightly. I looked over my shoulder to see one of the winged men. “Almost there” one said kindly. “It will hurt but we’ll be with you until the end.” 
 “You’re going to shoot arrows into me?”
“Nock!” A faceless voice called from somewhere behind the men.
Five of the archers stepped forward.  At the end of one arrow was a ball of fire, another had a tip made of ice, still another looked like it had been dipped in mud. One looked like an ordinary arrow, but a tiny whirlwind spun wildly around the tip and the last tip had a ghostly veil-like shape undulating gently about the point. 
“I’m afraid so” Looking over my shoulder to another winged man holding me upright, I saw an expression equally as kind as that of his colleague, but I felt sadness there. It reminded me of when my father had taken me to the hospital once when I was a child. The deep cut needed stitching and his expression mirrored that of this man, meaning it will hurt but was necessary.
“Normally, this doesn’t hurt, but the damage already done to you.......well, it changes things a little. But we’re with you,” he smiled, “right to the end.” 
“Who are you?”
“Your kinsmen. And we’re taking you home.”
Death was taking me and all of this would finally end. It felt strange to wish for death, but I was really wishing for relief.  “I’m ready” I said while sucking in a breath then pressed my lips tightly to brace for the end. 
“Extract!” the same voice cried sharply from behind the archers.
 The arrows were pulled back near the men’s faces then released. A volley of piercing stabs hit my heart in rapid-fire succession jolting my entire body as if explosions erupted inside me. But it was the massive snap slamming me to the ground that hurt most. 
In my prone position, my eyes shot to Ota, who was stumbling sideways as if he had been hit. His hands were grabbing his head as he cried out before crumpling to the floor. I reached out, wanting so much to hold him, to take his pain, but I could make no sound and then I was falling into nothing. I was floating away into relief....blissful relief. 
I saw myself hovering above my body and watched curiously as the two winged men who had been holding me carried my lifeless body to the center of the platform. Ota was standing now, and I was so relieved to see he wasn’t hurt, but he didn’t look calm and one of the winged men was restraining him. 
“Create emergence zone!” 
Immediately, the creatures encircled me, but gave me a very wide berth.  I looked down at my dead body and lamented the state I had been in. Dark circles contoured hollowed and sunken eyes while my skin held a sickly pallor. Damp clothes clung to a too-thin body and I shuddered at the toll the last few weeks had taken on me. 
In an instant I was smashed back into myself and landed with a hard thump. My lungs expanded in a huge gulp of air. I waited for the burning sensation to invade me, but it never came. If anything, I felt strong and no longer the frail, broken girl l was only minutes earlier. If anything, I felt tall, way taller than my normal height.
I elevated myself to a sitting position before standing upright then stretched out languidly. My body was covered in a formfitting black leather pants, black leather sleeveless top and from my back protruded magnificent, expansive black feathered wings. Wings??? They had at least a twenty-foot span, yet they felt natural, like I always had them. A smile of deep happiness filled me and I couldn’t help but wrap them around me while touching them in awe and wonder. A strange buzzing sensation pulled my eyes to my palms and in the center were the sigils I had come to recognize.
One of the winged men stepped forward and with a warm, loving smile, took my hand. “Welcome, child. I am Leliel” 
I inclined my head in gratitude.  In my heart I felt elation because my Spirit hadn’t died. She was me and I was her. No longer separate but one entity. “Hello Leliel. Thank you for saving my life.”
“You called us, and we answered. But we did not know one of our own had strayed. It is quite a surprise.” Turning his back to me, he raised his arms to his companions. “Brothers! Tonight we have amongst us something very rare, something many of you have never seen...a new sister!!!” 
The men cheered and stomped their feet several times before one guttural-like war cry filled the atrium, followed by a collective chant that was fierce yet joyous as they were all smiling.
Mesmerized I looked at my incredible form, saw I was identical to them and asked breathlessly, “what am I?” 
  “You, dearest child, are Mortis, a death carrier spirit. You transport the souls of the dead into the afterlife.” 
“Really? That sounds........kind of creepy, like I’m some sort of crypt-keeper.”  I failed in stifling a nervous giggle. Maybe it was from relief of finally being Transitioned and no longer questioning what the hell I was. 
Leliel smiled and I was glad he reacted kindly to my less than sombre attitude. Which begged the question, did death carriers have a dour disposition? They didn’t seem to even if they we were dealing in death every day.  God, I didn’t want any more drama. In fact, once everyone went back to where they came from, I was taking off to a sun destination. There was some major down time waiting for me on a beach somewhere, along with one of those fruity cocktails that had a plethora of decorations in them.
When silence fell, Leliel announced to his companions. “Brothers! This Mortis Natum, will need to learn our ways, know the intricacies of Anima Portantes, of Fraternitas nostrae, and what it means to stand shoulder to shoulder amongst us, to face what Hell spews or Heaven honours!!”
More raucous cheers rose up. “Tonight, a very rare opportunity has presented itself, to mentor this fledgling of fire.” He held up my open palm, displaying the sigil to all. “I ask, which one of you will come forward and serve her? Who will live with her until she reaches Firmus?”
From the back row, a colossal winged creature took a few large steps onto the platform. “Accipio!”  More cheering followed and the man inclined his head toward his brothers. 
“Gratias, Forcas. Your offering is accepted.” Leliel then beckoned he approach us. 
With a few purposeful strides, the gigantic man stood beside us. His skin was covered in fire sigil-like tattoos which roamed his nude upper body, his eyes were black, his pupils white and his head was bald. Wings that were three times the size of mine had none of the soft feathering the others had, which rendered him more bat-like than man. 
“Linny, our brother, Forcas, offers to provide you the training needed to fulfill your role. Do you accept?”
In essence, I was completely in the dark as to what all this meant, but it felt right that I should accept. Still there were so many questions tumbling through my mind, I barely knew where to start. It felt like I was about to enter into a commitment I knew nothing about. Kind of like agreeing to marry a blind date who had just proposed in a packed football stadium. 
Unable to just say yes, or run away, I found the courage to speak. “Thanks Forcas. Uhm what kind of training would I undergo? And where? How long does it last?”
Confused, Forcas glanced momentarily toward Leliel before asking in a gravelly tone, “why such questions? You are Morti, you follow.”
Oh wow! Not what I was expecting. If he was the one to train me then he might want to bail now because I wasn’t appreciating the pompous attitude. Or maybe this was a military style organization where orders were followed not questioned. 
“Follow? Like right now? Just drop everything and go? Leave my family?” Not that I really had one, but that was beside the point. 
“Hmmmm” Leliel pondered. “What Forcas meant to say is strong ties to other humans is not something we experience and this is obviously a result of your human upbringing. The question is, how did one of ours come to be raised by humans? What happened that you strayed so far from our home and why were these people trying to kill you?” His piercing glare at the panel members had them suddenly shirking away. 
“They knew no better and believed my Transition could be done in the only way they know how.”
Leliel folded his thick arms across his expansive chest. “You defend them when really only one was there for you.”
With a nod toward his men, Ota was released and dashed to me wedging himself between Leliel and me before holding me tight. I instantly felt like I was home. But how was that possible? Our bond broke, didn’t it? 
“You’re okay?” I asked.
“I am now” he choked. 
“But we’re not bonded anymore” I told him. 
“Who says we’re not” he asked before his lips found mine and I was lost to the sweetness of his beautiful mouth.” When I came up for air Leliel was looking at me with concern overriding the need to ask Ota what he meant. “What? What’s wrong?”
“Coupling with anyone who is not of our kind is -.”
“She’ll be with whoever she damn well wants” Ota cut in menacingly. 
“You misunderstand. I have no objection to your pairing. It’s just mutual attraction has never happened before between other species. Unless - ”
“Leliel, what you’re implying is impossible!” Forcas exclaimed. 
“We have a sister before our very eyes and we know she is not Sacerdotessa.” 
“What’s a Sacerdotessa?”
Forcas raised his chin, his gaze curious. “Open your wings.”
“Open them?” I balked “Can I do that?  Will I fly?” 
“When you’ve learned how to, yes.”
“Oh my God! I can fly??” I sounded like Wendy from Peter Pan, but how else is one to react when they learn they have the ability of flight. 
Leliel stepped closer, motioning Forcas to stand behind me. Ota wrapped an arm around my waist pulling me closer.“Do not fear us. She is sacred to us. We just need to understand, how she ended up here. This has never happened before. We know the existence of all Morti. To have lost one, as you were is, well....it’s impossible.” Ota must have believed him because he stepped aside. 
 “Morti?” I quizzed. “Why do you sometimes say Morti and other times Mortis?”
“Morti is the collective, Mortis, the individual.”
“Oh” I said in understanding. “So you’re saying that being Mortis means you’d know where I am, no matter where I was?”
“Absolutely!” 
“But I’ve never been lost. I mean, I was born human and raised in a small town. I’m just a receptionist, or at least I was until a couple of weeks ago and now.............I have wings.” 
“We don’t have all the answers yet, but we will investigate. Now,” he said suppressing a smile, “let’s see those wings. Extend them as if you were stretching out your arms then turn around, full circle.” 
Taking a few steps back to make room, I let my wings unfold in one swift effortless movement before lengthening them out completely. They were beautiful, lustrous jet black and massive. I felt a deep sense of love that they were now a part of me, that this form was as much of me as the heart beating in my chest. In order to turn around, I had to step even further back. Just as I completed a half turn, a collective gasp came from the archers.
My head whipped around to Leliel and Forcas. I did not like the expression they were wearing. “What’s wrong?”
“Unbelievable!!” 
It’s not a reassuring thing to see a band of dark angels shocked by something. “You’re kind of really worrying me here. What is wrong with me???” My wings snapped shut as if covering some naked parts. 
Leliel snapped his fingers and suddenly our entire surroundings changed. The band of angels, Ota, Forcas and Leliel surrounded me, but we were no longer in the Atrium. Gone was the stark white decor and accusing on-lookers. Instead, we stood inside what appeared to be an enormous grey cloud, our close proximity to one another creating a huddle-like conference. Ota hadn’t liked the sudden change and kept a hand low on my hip. His body moulded to my side. 
“Leliel! She’s not fully Mortis.”   
If Forcas’ eyes got any wider, they’d surely pop out of his head. Leliel nodded calmly to him then turned to me “What we are seeing is something impossible in our realm. Your plumage should be entirely black, but you have white feathers with gold dusting the rims -.”
“A being of light is in her lineage?” Forcas paled as he pronounced the words.
All of this was beginning to really scare the bejesus out of me, but I did my best to remain calm.“It isn’t a problem if I’m not one hundred percent Mortis? Right? I’m like what 60% - give or take?”
“There are many things we do not have the answer to at this very moment, but we will discuss that further once we are in the Dark Realm – our home.”
My eyebrows reached high on my forehead. “I’d have to live in another realm????”
“All Morti live in the Dark Realm.”He guffawed loudly, “we like to call it Death’s Door.”
“My home is here, on earth, not in some awful dark realm.” I palmed my face realizing how insulting I had been. “Sorry, no offense.” 
A suppressed smile curved the corner of his mouth. “None taken.”
“Okay” I said swallowing hard. “How about I just visit occasionally? It’s not like I have to relocate, right”
“Let’s take this one step at a time, okay?” Leliel’s comforting tone was telling me I should feel anything but comfortable.” 
“What aren’t you telling me?”
“Who are your parents? Your siblings?” 
“That’s not answering my question.” Did he think I wouldn’t notice the deflection? 
Ota interjected before I spoke. “She has four brothers, all Shadows. We, too, questioned if she was of the same blood line and the only thing we found was her name had been deliberately removed from the Novice list.” 
“It was? I frowned. “What’s a Novice list? And why didn’t you tell me this?”
He winced slightly and went to explain, but Leliel interjected.  “You are correct. She cannot be of their blood.”
“They may have raised her, but one of them, a shadow is amongst those who came to watch her die.  He’s watching as we speak. ” 
“Oran?” I asked looking to Ota. 
“I guess he kept his promise to be at the trial.”
Oran didn’t even have the guts to be in human form, to talk to me. My lips curled in disgust. “He must be disappointed I still have a heartbeat.”   
“Our time runs short” Leliel said. “In the Atrium, we have suspended time for a moment. Nobody will know what has occurred. When time moves again, we will end the ceremony and meet afterward. I will need to learn about those who raised you. I will find you wherever you are.”
“Rosie’s” I gushed before Ota could suggest anything. I knew that no matter what, I would be safe within the confines of her home. Plus, I couldn’t go back to my apartment and I didn’t want Ota to feel he had to spend another minute with me after this day. 
Leliel leaned in plucked a short plume from somewhere on my wing then passed it under his nose before handing it back to the others. Forcas smelt it first then passed it to the man beside him. It went around until it was handed back to Leliel, who made it disappear into thin air.
“What was that?”
“It is our way of finding our own. We usually do this on the Span Day of each new Mortis, but because we never knew you, we are doing an abbreviated version today.” He saw my expression of complete befuddlement and explained. “There is eternity to catch up on all you don’t know about us. For now, we need to tend to the most pressing of matters, your lineage. Go, both of you, to this Rosie’s abode and we will find you there.”  
“No- no-no-no-no-no!” I gushed. “Ota will not be with me anymore. He has been freed of the bond that tied us.” My heart cracked open at those words, but I had to accept his being with me should never have been imposed on him. I would miss him, desperately, but I had no right to want more because he had already suffered too much in bringing me to this moment.“He doesn’t need to come.” 
Leliel’s whose frown of confusion made me turn to Ota. If discord could be summed up by how he chewed his lower lip then I’d say Ota definitely wasn’t liking this conversation. Nope, not one bit.
“What is this bond you speak of?” 
“I believe that’s a private conversation between Linny and I. However, I promise she will get to Rosie’s safely.” Turning to me with those deep black pools, he asked “you okay with that?” 
“It’s really not necessary, Ota. I’ll make my own way there. But thanks...ahm..it’s very thoughtful of you.”
“Humour me, Bia. Okay?” 
“Okay, but just drop me off at the gate.” 
“Then it is settled!” Leliel declared. “I will see you very shortly. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to deal with this so-called Council.” 
“Leliel” I exclaimed. “I killed two of their Elders. The first was a terrible accident, but the second wasn’t and the third....well. Look, they were justified in being afraid of me, of seeking my arrest. They were afraid.”
He took my palm and opened it wide. “These are fire sigils. They are one of the signs of the Morti. It means if you are Transitioned in any way except our way, you will die. Did you tell them this?”
“Many times,” Ota sighed.
“Well not the first time, because I didn’t know, but afterward, for the other Transitions, Yes I did try to explain.”
“Did they not listen?”
“Ahmmm...no...no they didn’t.”
“We will deal with that.”
“About those lineage questions” Ota said. “Oran, the shadow may be able to help you there.....with a little persuasion I would imagine.”
“Then I will persuade him” Forcas smiled.
“Did anyone investigate Evaline?” She had almost killed Ota and I hadn’t had a chance to ask about her whereabouts. “I’m sure she’s still tied to Lonan and if he is alive, God only knows what they’re planning.”
Ota looked sad for a moment then shook it off. “We will discuss Evaline later.” 
Leliel made a whistling gesture with his lips, but no sound formed. Immediately the grey cloud dispersed and we were back in the Atrium in the exact positions we had been. 
Leliel stepped forward to address the audience and the panel. “Your actions here today toward this woman have proven your close mindedness, your ignorance, as well as your thirst for the macabre. You have watched with joy as my sister’s blood fell to the floor. Go now! Leave before I do the same unto you! 
A stampede of frightened people headed for every exit. Their shrieks mingled with those being trampled on. Leliel muttered something about barbarians and went to turn away but then stopped and spoke so lowly only I could hear him. “You’ll probably want to shift back at some point, so just think of your normal form and it will be so. I will meet you soon, my sister.” 
As he uttered the words, the image of being human again crossed my mind and with a powerful whoosh I was shifting. I teetered off balance for a second as regular, old, no-wings-Linny emerged, but it didn’t stop Ota from reaching out and holding my waist. 
“Wow!” I whispered. “That is going to take some getting used to.”  
We stood there our bodies touching and every part of me tingled with desire. He didn’t utter a word, but his eyes held mine and I could see the hunger in them. 
An awkward moment of silence followed. I didn’t know what to say. My mind was on over-load trying to process the most insane hour of my entire life. His eyes strayed to something behind me. He smiled widely before he turned me around to see Kangee and Skah standing there. A squeal of delight escaped me and I threw my arms out and hugged them both, tightly. 
“S’alright Buttercup” Kangee chuckled. “We missed yoh fairy ass too.” 
“How did you get in?” 
Skah beamed so brightly I could swear there was an incandescent bulb lodged within his chest. “Curatti privileges. I was brought here to heal. They like to think they’re making progress in having me join them.”
“And are they?” 
“Hell no, gurl! I’m having too much fun with my bro, here.” 
We both knew that wasn’t completely true and I let go of Kangee and hugged Skah to the point of choking him. “I’m so, so sorry. I never meant to hurt you. I had no idea you would become ill.” 
My hand touched his face and I noticed a significant throbbing on the scar of our blood pact.  He must have felt it too because he pressed his palm on mine. Our fingers entwined, our eyes closed and my face broke into a wide beam. In that connection, I felt buoyancy, the deep love of a brother, and, especially, reciprocity for his blood-sister. We were forever joined and it brought with it tears of joy. I had never felt anything like that from my four brothers. Their loss, I decided. I had Skah’s love and it was more than enough. Our palms separated and we hugged each other one more time. 
“Wow, Man” Kangee said softly. “You’re both glowin’.” 
Skah’s incandescent bulb went from forty watts to two thousand and I gasped in awe at how he radiated light. He looked down at me and that unique, beaming smile lit up his face. “Well, I’ll be.”  
His reaction caused me to glance down at myself. “Impossible!” I whispered. Light radiated from my heart, hands and hips of all places. “How can this be?” 
“I have my theories” Ota smiled as his hand slipped protectively around mine before glancing over his shoulder. “Let’s get to Rosie’s, we can continue our reunion there. “ 
I could see why he wanted us to leave. All Morti were watching our luminous display with reactions ranging from mesmerisation to confusion.  Agreeing with Ota, I asked “how do we get there?” 
“And there was I thinking you didn’t need me,” he teased.
“It’s the other way around, Tid,” I joked half in earnest.
“Follow me” Skah said before turning to lead the way. 
“You know your way out of this labyrinth?” 
“Like I said Linz, Curatti privileges.” 
Skah lead us to a door on the left of the podium. We entered a stark white corridor which meandered for half a kilometre before another white tiled door led us outside to expansive and expertly maintained gardens. I was never so grateful to look upon green grass, blue sky and feel sunshine on my face, even if it was incredibly cold. “Where are we???” 
“A couple hundred miles from Prague, give or take” Kangee offered. 
Ota had already plunged a dagger into the air and grey light filtered through. “C’mon folks, let’s go!!” 
Kangee went first followed by Skah. Ota took my hand, “I’m not letting go until we’re at Rosie’s.” 
“Alright,” I nodded. Then he lifted me into the sliced opening. We tumbled into a freefall, yet despite gravity’s pull, Ota held me tight in his arms as promised. 


Chapter 12

Landing hard on Rosie’s lawn knocked the wind out of my lungs. Given that Ota cushioned the impact meant I was fortunate to be breathing at all. “Are you okay?” I asked my ersatz air-bag. “Did I hurt you?”  His hands lazily roamed to my hips making me realize I was still straddling him. 
His firm body shook as he laughed heartily. “You’re crazy, Bia. Would you ask that of a feather? Because that’s how light you are.”
“I don’t usually have conversations with feathers.” 
“Who’s talking to feathers?”  Skah asked as he approached. He and Kangee had obviously arrived on Rosie’s lawn in a vertical position. Ota would have surely done the same only I knocked him over while in klutz mode. 
“Talkin’ to feathers?” Kangee balked. “Y’all gettin’ more loco by the minute.” 
“Ah good! You’ve arrived!” Rosie called out cheerily, while approaching us. “Right on time too.” 
How on earth she managed to predict these things was beyond me. Wasn’t it only twenty minutes ago that we even decided to come here?
“Hi Rosie” I said lifting myself off Ota and brushing myself down. Heat flooded my cheeks at being caught sitting on him. “So lovely to see you again.” 
Her arms opened wide and I fell into her tight embrace. “You’ve Transitioned, child. I can feel it. You’re different even if you look like a Pamplona bull gored your clothes.” Her arms held my shoulders, creating distance between us while bright eyes roved my face. Whatever she saw pleased her. “Tell me, what wonderful being is in you?” 
How to explain being a death carrier when I wasn’t entirely sure what that meant, nor had I processed the notion at all? “
Dude! She’s a Mortis” Skah exclaimed with his usual gusto “you know the legends, right?” 
“Whhhat????” Rosie shrieked in awe and disbelief, which was unsettling given that she thought nobody should emote. “But....but that’s a legend.....”
Skah continued. “I know! Awesome, right? And you should have seen the bird-angel she is. It’s wild. Normally their massive wings are all black, but get this, hers are black with white and gold glittery stuff and -”
“Bro – cool yer chomps.” Kangee inserted his thumbs into the pockets of his jeans. “Buttercup’ll give the details in her own time.”
I couldn’t help but laugh heartily at Skah’s description. “Rosie, I believe you have already met Skah and his brother Kangee at Banba.”  Clasping my hands together I announced, “they were kind enough to see me back safely, but say they can’t stay.” 
“Welcome, Welcome” she offered warmly. Her cool, calm and collected way had returned. “Ota, so glad to see you are well again.”
“My condolences on the loss of your friend.”
Rosie’s eyes filled with water. “Dee saw what Evaline did.” She shook her head sadly. “She had always been such a good person, I just think she became lost with Lonan’s symbiot and ended up dying because of him. Dee saw it all. It was a brutal way to go.”
“Evaline died? ?? Where? When?”
“Her trial happened right before your Transition, Buttercup. An’ it was mighty nasty. Mighty nasty and just so wrong.”
“The pregnant woman’s remains on the platform? That was Evaline? Oh my God! They executed her even if she was pregnant???”  
“Rosie” Ota replied grimly, “I’d prefer we discuss this another time. Let’s go inside.”
“Of course.” She took my hand and covered it with both of hers. “Let’s get you out of those clothes.” 
“Hey! Hang on....what about Evaline’s death are you not saying? I know they executed her because of the baby.”  That stopped everyone in their tracks. 
Ota turned to me, his expression unhappy. “Linny” he spoke so only I could hear, “Please consider Rosie’s feelings. She has lost a close friend. There will be time to discuss this when the loss is not so raw.” 
“Sorry” I whispered.
 “A Mortis?” Rosie said with a weak smile. If she’d heard us, she didn’t let on.  “I believe, I’ve heard it all. Now, come on inside for a bite to eat and some tea. I have a brewed a special mixture – first time ever. So appropriate for the occasion too,” she giggled. “I think it will be a most interesting experience.”
For some reason my energy started to plummet and I trailed behind. Rosie continued chatting away to nobody in particular. “I still can’t believe it. Morti exist! Yet, this explains so much about what we couldn’t figure out.”
“It does?” I called from behind.“How?”
She looked behind, caught sight of me then continued down the path to the cottage. “Well, we thought your energy was fire in origin, when in fact all elements are part of you.”
“Didn’t we try to extract them already, Rosie?” 
“We did, but obviously not in the way that was required.”
“Oh, and what was required was ug-ly.” Skah chimed in. “Maann, they just pummelled her with arrows. Killed her on the spot.” 
Rosie stopped in her tracks, “Goodness that sounds like butchery! No wonder your clothes are so soiled. But, I’m glad to see you came through it all. And while we were right about the sigils being fire in origin, the Ley energy...well we’d never have guessed that was tied to being a Mortis.”
“So you’ve all heard of Morti?” 
“Morti are to us, as unicorns are to humans. Something we’ve all heard of but don’t believe exists. Or didn’t anyway.”
We had arrived at the kitchen door, she motioned us forward. “It certainly explains how you were able to go through puberty without needing to Transition. Being a Morti must mean things happen at a completely different pace.” Realizing she was still at the door, she laughed and said “come on in. There is so much to discuss!”
Prolonging the moment when Ota would leave was not something I wanted, or felt I could handle right now. What should have happened was, he’d drop me off at Rosie’s, I’d have the band-aid moment where we said our goodbye’s and yes, it would hurt like hell, but at least he’d be going home and on to the life he should be living. I’d have dealt later with the remnant sting of no longer having him around. 
“Rosie, there’s a Mortis, a man..angel....guy called Leliel who says he needs to meet with me soon, but I’m not sure when. Anyway, just thought you might need to know in case he shows up.”
“Another Mortis?” Rosie peered at me over her steel-rimmed glasses. “Well, that will be most interesting indeed,” she cooed.  “And I do hope you intend staying with me for a while. Everything is set up in the caravan.”
My living conditions were up in the air until I learned what being a Mortis involved. Going back to my apartment didn’t seem to be a wise choice. How could I possibly explain all of this to Gwen without her calling the guys in the white coats to commit me?  
“Thanks so much Rosie, I really appreciate your help.”
“For nothing.”
“Do you mind if I just pop over to the caravan for a few minutes.” I gestured to the bloodied outfit. “I just need to freshen up.” Ota eyed me as if he could tell I was lying. 
“Sure. The remainder of your clothes are in your room. And take your time, maybe have a nap?  Transitioning can take a big chunk out of our energy reserves.”
I couldn’t help but smile, “Rosie,” I said planting a kiss on her cheek, “you never cease to amaze me.” I turned on my heels and hot tailed it to the caravan. Rude of me, I know, but so many things had happened over the past few days. I felt exhausted and needed some quiet time to process it all. But, if I was being truly honest, I was just running away from Ota. 
I was such a coward!
Safely inside the confines of the bedroom, I slipped off my shoes, located a yoga pants, underwear and a tank top then took a really fast, but hot shower. 
Gwen! And my mother! Christ. I had completely forgotten to keep in touch. Well given everything that happened I could be forgiven for the silent treatment. Anyway, I didn’t even know where my phone was. Pffffftttt.....back in Ex’s place, I think. I’d have to call tomorrow and let them know I was okay.
Once dried off, I returned to the bedroom, pulled a spare blanket around me then curled up in a foetal position on the bed and let out a long sigh of relief. The feel of a comfortable mattress beneath me was exquisite after the dingy, mite-infested cot I had spent the week on.    
Perhaps I should have mustered up the energy to return to the cottage, but I couldn’t seem to drag myself from the bed. Running out on everyone who had helped me so much was a cowardly act, but this was about self-preservation –of the heart. No matter what we had been through, seeing Ota every day brought me joy and I was going to miss that so very, very much. 
Memories of our time together floated through my mind; our first meeting at Banba, the sensual experience of him taking my light, him spooning me when I was a dishevelled fairy, our bodies entwined on the roof. God! Being with him was unforgettable. But, as much as I loved his affection and protection, I had to accept the fact that it was a forced situation and would never have led anywhere. He hadn’t really felt anything for me, not deeply anyway. I was just a contract to him, with some benefits. 
And now our worlds were even further apart with me being a Mortis. What lay ahead, I had no idea, but there were two things I was sure of, one – the likes of  Blue and Lonan no longer scared me because I felt the incredible power and strength of Mortis running through my veins. I could defend myself to the death, if it came to it. And two – whatever I was to learn as a death carrier under Forcas’ tutelage would certainly not be boring. The man looked like a life-sized bat, not the sexy comic-book genre. I mean the National Geographic’s, disease-ridden, blood-slurping rodent that would scare the devil himself. There didn’t seem to be any question that Forcas was Mortis even though he had no feathers, whereas I had a little layer of white feathers and it caused everyone to freak. 
The only person who had remained calm through everything was Ota. More thoughts of our time together drifted away into pleasant dreams. 

When I woke, darkness leaked into the room. Crap! I’d slept for hours. Sitting up, I rubbed a hand through my hair and kicked off the blanket then moved across the mattress and felt a piece of paper under my hand. Reaching across, I turned on the light, took a moment to focus then opened the folded paper. My heart raced knowing it was Ota who had written it. 
Kwei Sweet Bia,
I wanted to talk to you face to face, but couldn’t wake you, although I tried. The newly Transitioned often go into a semi-coma for a few hours and there’s nothing to do only wait. And I waited as long as I could, but the Ley Watch have called me back to duty. My plan to retire was refused.  
So, with that, I must leave you. Yet, it is the hardest thing I have ever experienced. I 
think it’s obvious how I’ve grown very, very fond of you. I want to be the man you need, but I’m afraid I can’t be. Back in Salem, at Dee’s when I got hit, I not only felt your healing energy cling to me and keep me in this world, I also heard every word you said. I couldn’t respond, but your voice gave me something to focus on, to come back to. The vision of what Banba offers you is truly wonderful, a happy, simple life with a family of your own.
But, despite what you believe, I’m not the man pushing the child on the swing. It couldn’t have been me, because that part of my life is gone. I’d love a family, but when we experience a life span much longer than normal humans, many of us lose the ability to have children. I know I cannot ever give you that kind of life. 
If I know you, as I think I do, you’re not agreeing with this. But, visions of the kind you experienced are always a manifestation of your deepest desires. I won’t let you miss out on your dreams because I can’t be who you need me to be. Every time I touch you, I want you, body and soul, which is why it’s best if I walk away now. You’re young, you’ll meet someone you can settle down with and have the fulfilling life you foresaw.
Under your pillow is the key to Banba. It is your home now. Your blood lies in the earth there and it can never belong to another soul while you live.

I wish you every happiness this world can offer.

Sincerely

Ota 


“Godammit Ota,” I whispered as tears splashed onto the paper. “You left because I just mentioned the vision at Banba??”  I couldn’t believe he was doing this because of a stupid hallucination. It would have hurt less if he had said he left because the contract was finished when my Transition had finalized.  
Angrily I bunched up the note and flung it across the room then cradled my head in my hands. I’d never even thought of having a child, much less expected him to provide me with one. And I’d only shared that story because.....because I thought he would stay alive if he knew there was a future with him in it. 
Exhaling slowly, I quelled a sob and brought my heart rate and breathing down to a normal level then reached under the pillow. My hand grasped the large metal key and a rush of energy washed over me in a shiver-inducing wave. The brass glowed for a moment before turning to an oozing liquid that slithered around my hand like a cat’s tail wrapping itself around a person’s leg. “Holy Shit!!!!!!!” 
I flicked my hand until the key flew off. It landed on the pillow, a solid object once again.  “Christ! What was that?”  
Feeling freaked out, I jumped off the bed and stared at the key. It seemed completely harmless. Passing a hand through my hair, I leaned my head against the wall and turned my gaze outside onto the few fairy lights illuminating the path to the cottage.
Ota had said Banba could never belong to anyone else. Is that why the key melted? Was it some way of confirming my connection to the house?  
“My house?” I said aloud and a pulsating glow from the bed caught my eye. The key was radiating again.   
I took a few quick strides, plucked it up and gripped it tight. “Banba,” I announced. The glow pulsated even faster until it became a constant bright yellow. “I’m taking this means you want to go back.” The glow died then pulsated again. “Okay...I’m going to try something crazy here. Do you want to go back to Banba? Glow once for no and twice for yes.” Two distinct pulsating lights filled the room, brighter than before. 
It made perfect sense. Why stay anywhere else, when from the get-go, it was the only place that felt like home? I had also felt at home in Ota’s arms, but that, I had to put firmly in the past. I’d never experience his touch again. Tears threatened to pour out and consume me. “Right” I choked. “Banba it is. Leliel and Forcas can find me when they feel like it.” 
Stepping outside, I looked up at the night sky. Fat drops of rain splashed against my face and seconds later the heavens opened in a heavy, thunderous shower.
“Don’t go mushy on me again,” I said to the key then shoved it down my bra. “Sorry, no pockets.”
With a quick visualization of my spirit form then felt the metamorphoses transform me in less than a second. Spreading my majestic, powerful wings, I thought of Banba as my destination, bent my knees and launched myself upwards. Moving my wings to mimic flight, I realized something went wrong just as my direction shifted. I began free-falling and fell flat on my face. I had travelled all of two feet. 
Goddammit!!!!! How come I couldn’t fly? 
My spirit laughed, realizing we were like a newborn bird, not ready to fly the coop until we were shown how.  
Frustrated, I changed back to my human form, got a knife from the kitchen in the caravan and returned outside. I flicked the blade across my skin, kneeled down and allowed the blood to seep into the soaking wet earth. 
Take me home to Banba. 
Drenched to the skin, I felt the familiar presence of golden beams of light just before I was elevated to a dizzying height. A second later I was catapulted into the night. 



THE END.

