Death of a Fairytale Princess

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes

Text copyright© 2020 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.



Chapter 1
 
‘…and, sad to tell, the Princess who’d become a poor Goose Girl wasted away and died.’
What!
‘That’s not the way the story ends!’ I cried out in protest, much to the startled disapproval of the cook.
‘Well if you know these tales better than I do, young minx, perhaps you’d better be the one who starts sitting up here telling ’em to everyone!’
I shied away, embarrassed.
Cook knew her tales better than anyone I knew. In fact, now I came to think of it, every tale I’d ever heard I’d heard from her.
So who was I to say she’d got her story of The Goose Girl wrong?
‘Just because you’re a goose girl yourself doesn’t mean you should be expecting a happier ending!’ a laundress laughed, setting everyone else off into a cackling of good-natured chuckling at my humiliation.
I briefly grinned back shyly, then laughed along with them at my own haughtiness.
I should count myself lucky they’d all reacted to my uncalled for and ridiculously rude outburst with such good humour. We rarely had time to rest, let alone relax and be entertained, being the worker bees of the palace, toiling almost endlessly it seemed to keep everything running smoothly.
Listening to Cook’s stories of handsome princes battling haggard witches was the only pleasant interlude allowed us in a life of otherwise constant drudgery.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said to cook, only to add defensively, ‘but I’m sure I’d heard – well, no, not heard: so I must have read–’ 
The laughter at my expense abruptly became louder still.
‘Now our goose girl can read!’ a maid exclaimed heartily.
Cook looked my way with an admonishing glare, her stern expression a warning that it really was time for me to end all this nonsense.
She clapped her hands, calling our rest to an end.
‘Now, about our tasks – hurry now! My tale took far longer than I’d intended!’
She wryly glanced my way once more as I stood up to leave.
‘Despite it ending quicker than some would have hoped!’


*


Why on earth did I say that?
That I – a simple goose girl – can read?
Was I just looking for yet another way to completely humiliate myself?
I can’t remember ever reading anything!
So, if I can’t read, I could only have heard this other version of The Goose Girl after all.
Not that Cook had got her tale entirely wrong, of course.
All that about the wicked maid gradually persuading the poor princess to switch positions as they journeyed to a wedding with a prince who’d never seen his bride-to-be; why yes, I wholly agree that that part of Cook’s rendition was an accurate retelling of the tale.
And so yes, the maid ends up becoming queen, while the real princess finds herself slaving as a lowly goose girl; all that’s true too, of course. 
But…but…well, didn’t the tale end up happily ever after?
Not miserably: with the poor princess dying!
Surely she simply – well, what did she do?
I mean, who’d believe a goose girl claiming to be a princess?
Wouldn’t everyone at court laugh at her ridiculous presumption, just as all the maids laughed at me a moment ago?
Maybe Cook’s right after all.
Maybe there’s no happy ending to this particular tale.


*


Chapter 2

‘I think you might be right.’
I turn around, looking everywhere about me, wondering who could have spoken.
There’s no one close by. Everyone has, as Cook ordered, quickly wandered off to be about their tasks.
Even I’m on my way out, using the walk-through storeroom adjoining the kitchen as my exit.
Sacks of oats and other crops are piled against the walls, while various joints of meat and game hang from ceiling hooks. There’s also a row of large but relatively shallow sinks, half filled with water and blank-eyed eels and fish waiting to be gutted.
‘About the story, I mean,’ the voice persists, a voice apparently coming from much closer to me than I’d first supposed. ‘I can’t see that Cook’s ending is the right one.’
‘Now how would you know that?’ I ask sceptically, although I’m still not sure who’s spoken.
Could a small boy be mischievously hiding amongst the sacks? 
The voice seemed to emanate from the shoals of dead fish, but surely he wouldn’t be hiding amongst them?
‘I was fortunate enough to travel widely before I foolishly ended up here,’ the answer comes with a sigh. ‘And all because I couldn’t resist a tempting morsel!’
Now, at last, I see that it’s one of the actual fish who’s talking, his mouthing gaping as he – she? – speaks.
‘You’re a fish!’ I exclaim in surprise.
‘And you’re a very bright girl, I see.’
‘What I mean is, you’re talking – you’re a talking fish!’
‘Well, not for much longer, obviously!’
‘Why, is a magical spell about to wear off?’ I gasp in horror. ‘Wait! Is this your last chance to change back into a prince? Or do you mean you’re now about to chang–’ 
‘I mean I’m going to die unless you get me into some fresh water!’


*


I hope no one saw me bring the fish out here; there’ll be the devil to pay when someone realises a prize salmon has gone missing.
At least he wasn’t struggling, seeing as how I was trying to help him after all.
Yes, it’s a him, I’ve decided; I mean, would a girl, a woman, be as rude as he was to me?
Naturally, I didn’t miss the sarcasm of that ‘bright girl’ jibe. 
All this from a lowly fish too!
Maybe I should’ve left him to be served up for dinner…but then, I suppose that’s a pretty harsh punishment just for being a bit cheeky.
A narrow channel has been carved into the stone causeway, bringing water from the palace garden’s streams closer towards the kitchen and laundry. I gently let the fish down into the running waters of the shallow, circular well we draw our water from, expecting him to thank me with the granting of three wishes, perhaps, or cough up some magical ring; but all he says, before he prepares to slip away is, ‘How can your cook hope to tell her tale correctly if she doesn’t even know of the well?’
‘Well?’ I retort curiously. ‘There’s no well in the story I’ve heard?’
‘But it’s the well that reveals who the poor girl really is!’ the fish snorts back in disbelief.
‘I think you’re going to have to explain all this to me,’ I insist, hopefully wondering if the fish is right, and Cook wrong.


*


Chapter 3

The Goose Girl at the Well


The son of a king, wishing to see more of the world, decided that he would get a far truer taste of life if he went about his business at a more lowly level, such as the son of a count.
And so as the young count was making his way through a forest, he came across a wizened old woman labouring under the weight of a great bundle of twigs and grasses. She was also struggling to carry two baskets, each filled with fallen and over-ripened wild apples and pears.
Anyone would have thought that the heavy load would have weighed her to the ground, and made her grumpy and uncivil, yet she greeted the count quite courteously, as she would anyone who met her.
‘Good day, dear countryman, it’s a fine day. Ah! I see from your shocked expression that you wonder why I drag all these things about with me: but everyone must take his burden on his back.’
‘But why must you carry all this – and all at once too?’ the count asked curiously, wondering what use any of these items she burdened herself with could be.
‘Obviously, rich folk’s children have no need to do such things,’ she chuckled merrily. ‘But amongst peasant folk, the saying goes, “Don’t look behind you, for you’ll only see how crooked your back is!”‘
Now naturally, the young traveller wasn’t to know that the peasants she so gaily referred to had another popular saying; ‘Beware of the old woman. She has claws beneath her gloves; she is a witch.’
They didn’t like to meet her at all, if they could help it. They took a round-about way whenever they could, if only to avoid bumping into her.
‘Besides, my house isn’t very far from here,’ the old woman continued. ‘It stands on the heath behind the hill, a trifle of a distance to a man like yourself, with a straight back and young legs.’ 
The smile in her eyes transformed in an instant into a sad, beseeching gaze. 
‘You’d bound up there in no time…’
Taking compassion on the old woman, the young count slipped down off his horse, tying it to a tree standing close by a stream and healthy grass.
‘I’ll take your bundle,’ he said, ‘so you’ll see it’s not only peasants who can carry things!’
Knowing his fine but haughty horse wouldn’t take kindly to being used as a beast of burden, the count began to take the old woman’s load on for himself. 
‘Oh thank you so much, young man!’ the old woman sighed happily as she was relieved of her burdens. ‘It shouldn’t be much more than an hour’s walk for one so young; everything’s much lighter than it looks!’
The young man managed to hide his distressed frown.
An hour?
He hadn’t been expecting anything like an hour’s walk when he’d offered to help!
‘It’s not at all light,’ he said ruefully, adding in an attempt at a more jovial tone, ‘Are you sure you’ve not filled these baskets with cobble stones rather than fruit?’
‘Why are you loitering there?’ the old woman shamelessly replied as she set off along a poorly trodden track. ‘Are you saying you can’t carry the loads I have to deal with every day?’


*


When the track passed across more or less level ground, the going was bad enough for the poor young man. Drops of perspiration stood on his forehead, and ran, hot and cold, down his back.
When the path became a slope, and then a hill he had to climb, with stones rolling under his feet as if alive, it was almost beyond his strength. 
Submitting to his fate, he crawled along patiently behind the old woman. She seemed to grow more and more nimble, while his burden felt heavier and heavier. 
‘I can’t go any farther,’ he wheezed at last. 
‘Not here,’ the old woman answered, casting an eye about her as if it were an entirely unsatisfactory place to halt. ‘No one can take your bundle off you.’
‘I have to rest a little first!’ the count insisted, shrugging his shoulders to let the bundle on his back slip to the ground – but it stayed fast, as if it grew there.
No matter how much he wriggled and twisted, he couldn’t remove his burden, not even the baskets hanging from the crock of his arms. The old woman, laughing at his ungainly contortions, sprang about in delight – and suddenly leapt upon his back, seating herself comfortably on top of the bundle.
‘Carry your bundle patiently!’ she ordered, hitting him about his trembling legs with a switch and stinging-nettles, forcing him to go on. ‘You can rest at our journey’s end!’
The old woman was so withered she’d originally appeared to be no more substantial than a dried husk to the young man. But now she was astride his back, she felt heavier than all his other burdens combined.
Groaning continually, he climbed what had now become a mountain. He had to stop for breath eleven times, and stumbled three, for bearing the cross old woman was far, far harder than anyone could possibly imagine. 
It was only when he was just about to drop that, at last, hearing the cackling of geese, the woman gleefully announced, ‘We’re home!’


*


As the old woman imperiously rode upon the young man’s back into a relatively lightly wooded area, a large flock of geese excitedly ran out to meet her, stretching out their necks, flapping wings, and cackling all the while. 
A goose girl followed up behind them, but despite her youth, she was almost the equal of the old crone when it came to hideousness.
‘Has anything happened to you, Mother?’ she asked the old woman concernedly, as if failing to even notice the painfully stumbling young man sorely abused as her mount. ‘You’ve been gone so long!’
‘It’s not seemed long to us,’ her mother answered as she slid down off the weary young man’s back, ‘as we’ve laughed and joked while this kind gentleman carried my burden; and even me, when I grew tired!’
Stroking and fondling her enveloping geese as if they were a gathering of adoring children, the old woman glanced over towards a small house nestled beneath an outcrop of rocks, sternly warning her daughter that she needed to return indoors.
‘It’s not becoming for you to be alone with a young gentleman,’ she added to the astonishment of the exhausted count. ‘You mustn’t pour oil onto the fire; he might fall in love with you.’
As the daughter demurely returned to the house, the old woman at last began to remove the baskets and the bundle from the overloaded young man.
‘Rest on the bench,’ she said with surprising kindness, indicating with a nod of her head a seat lying beneath a wild apple tree. ‘You’ve fairly earned your wages.’
So tired now that he could hardly keep his eyes open, the wearied young man gratefully lay down upon the bench, briefly marvelling at his delightful surroundings – the geese were now happily paddling in the rippling, sun-dappled waters of a clear brook, cavorting around as gleefully as any children might play – before he fell asleep.


*


The old woman and her daughter hardly spoke as they worked at their spinning-wheels or used heckles to smooth the flax, each twisting the threads as nimbly as a young girl. 
A log burning on the hearth threw out nothing but a scanty light and so, when at last something rustled at the window, it was easy enough to see there the two fiery eyes peering inside.
The owl cried out three times; but it was obviously no simple accident that she’d called by, for the old woman said, as sternly as if addressing her daughter’s unavoidable fate, ‘It’s time for you to put aside your threads…’ – and without another word, the daughter rose up from her seat and went out into the night.


*


By the time the goose girl had made her way deeper into the valley, the moon had risen large and round over the mountain, such that one could have found a needle using its bright light. And so the waters of the low-walled well she approached sparkled as if the moon itself had fallen to earth.
Removing a skin which covered her face, the goose girl bent down towards the well and dipped it into the glistening waters. Then she laid the washed skin out on the ground, so it would bleach in the moonlight, and dry again.
Then, at last, she began to wash herself.
And once she’d washed, she wept by the pool for a long time.


*


‘Wake up…wake up! You can’t stay here any longer!’
The young man was quite startled when he was urgently woken up by the old woman. 
‘Here’s something for your troubles,’ she said, thrusting an incredibly small and badly wrapped package into his hands. ‘Take great care of it; it will bring you good fortune.’
Springing to his feet, the count politely thanked the old woman for her gift, realising she had little to give him for his troubles. He immediately set off down the mountain’s winding track, without even once looking back, despite the noisy cries of the geese that followed him for quite a distance.
As he made his way back along the incredibly long trail he’d taken earlier, he found his hunger growing, realising he’d had hardly anything to eat for quite a while now. The morning dew that had fallen overnight to grace every leaf and blade of grass like pearly tears of the moon made him realise how thirsty he’d become too. 
Still, he had food in his horse’s panniers, water too, and the thought of the meal he’d be able to reward himself with spurred him on to walking ever faster despite the gradual return of his exhaustion.
Yet when he at last arrived back at what seemed to be the forest track where all this had begun for him, he was dismayed to find the horse he’d left behind – complete with saddle bags full of everything he’d brought with him – had gone.
All he had, then, for all the trouble he’d taken, was the uselessly small package he’d slipped into his trouser pocket. 
Raging at himself for his foolishness, he took out the tiny parcel, carelessly removing its wrapping of grey goose skin; and gasped, dazzled by an incredibly tiny box cut out of a single emerald.


*


The box was so minute, the count was at a loss to fathom what it could have been constructed to hold. 
Undoing the miniature clasp, a work of the metal worker’s art in its own right, he lifted the lid: but the box – perhaps not so surprisingly after all, taking into account its size – was empty.
Then he noticed that the way the light sparkled inside the box was odd, the reflections strange, the deflections unusual.
It contained a single, silvery drop of water, perhaps the only thing the box could be deemed large enough to hold.
Tentatively, the young man placed the tip of his little finger inside the box, touching the very top of the bead of water; and so, as he withdrew his finger, the droplet came away from the box, sticking to the underside of his finger. Fortunately, he had the good sense to carefully twist his hand, ensuring the dew-like drop was now uppermost, and no longer in danger of falling away.
Curiously, he observed the droplet, wondering why it had been encased it so expensive a box, as if it were itself a precious thing to be treasured.
It appeared, to him, to be no different to any other droplet of water he’d ever seen.
He inspected it now with the tip of his tongue, reasoning that perhaps its taste might grant him a clue to its nature.
It tasted sweeter than anything he’d ever tasted before, such that he’d swallowed it wholly before he’d had a chance to restrain himself.
He’d felt hungry after his long track down the mountain; but now, suddenly, he thought himself entirely well-fed.


*


The forest track wasn’t anywhere near as clearly defined as he might have expected it to be, and the count found himself lost as he aimlessly wandered along fracturing and poorly beaten trails. 
He would soon have starved, had he not thought to look once more into the little box in the hope that some residue of the magical waters still remained there; and found instead, to his delight, a whole drop filling up the minute interior.
And so each time he once again became hungry, he would find another droplet to sustain him.
After three days, he at last cleared the edges of the forest, only to realise he was in an unfamiliar kingdom, where he was as strange to everyone he encountered as he found them.
A bedraggled mess after his long journey, he was taken to be an unwelcome vagrant, and was ridiculed when he claimed he was a count who should be brought before their king and queen. Recognising at last that he was close to being imprisoned for falsely claiming a royal lineage, he produced the emerald box as proof of his wealth and true station in life: and, at last, was allowed to visit the court.
The box, of course, was of far more worth than anyone could possibly imagine. Yet as he at last found himself keeling before the king and queen, he realised he had no choice but to present it to the royal couple as his tribute, as it was now the only thing he possessed. 
Naturally, the queen curiously opened the minute box; and as soon as she peered inside, she fell to the floor as if suddenly struck dead.


*


Immediately seized by the palace guards, the young count would have undoubtedly been carried off to the prison if the queen hadn’t thankfully recovered from her swoon and ordered not only that he should be released, but also that she wanted to speak to him alone.
‘How did you come by this box?’ she demanded, straining hard to hold back from weeping in front of the young count.
‘An old woman – perhaps a witch – gave it to me as reward for helping her carry her load,’ the count replied not a little nervously, recognising that his life might still be in danger if the queen found his answers either unsatisfactory or bewildering.
‘A witch…?’
Hearing this, the queen could no longer hold back her tears.
‘My lady, I didn’t wish to–’ 
‘This precious box could be a summation of my life!’ the queen wept, raising a commanding hand to bring the count’s attempt at apology to an end. ‘What use to me are the splendours and honours surrounding me, if every morning I wake to face nothing but pain and sorrow?’


*


The king and queen had been gifted with three gloriously wonderful daughters.
Indeed, the youngest was so beautiful that the whole world looked upon her as a wonder. 
She was as white as apple-blossom in the moon’s light, while her hair shone as radiantly as sunbeams. 
When she cried, it wasn’t tears that fell from her eyes but luminous pearls and fiery rubies. And when, on her fifteenth birthday, she and her sisters were summoned to appear before their father the king, well – you should have seen how all the people gazed when she entered, for it was just as if the sun itself was rising!
‘Of course, I can’t be sure when my last day may arrive,’ the king announced grandly to his assembled daughters, ‘and so it makes sense to me to decide today what you will each receive on my death.’
Naturally, the king’s proclamation of his death at some point in the future was met with horrified, murmured protestations from around the court.
‘You all love me,’ he said with a happy, perhaps even slightly playful smile, waving the protests away with an airily raised hand, ‘but in the case of my daughters, the one who loves me best, shall fare the best.’
Again naturally, each daughter claimed to love him the most. 
‘Can you, then,’ the king said, ‘express how much you love me? And then I can see what you mean?’
‘I love my father,’ said the eldest, ‘as dearly as the sweetest sugar.’
‘I love my father,’ said the second daughter, ‘as dearly as my prettiest dress.’
But the youngest remained silent. 
So the father said, a touch worriedly, ‘And you, my dearest child? How much do you love me?’
Pondering this a while longer, the youngest daughter spoke at last.
‘I don’t know,’ she confessed. ‘There’s nothing I can compare my love to.’
Yet as her father persisted that she must name something, she eventually spoke again.
‘Even the best food doesn’t please me if it comes without salt. Therefore I love my father like salt.’
When the king heard this, he was furious.
‘If you’re love for me is like salt, then your love shall also be repaid with salt!’ he raged.
The kingdom would be split between the two eldest daughters, he declared ominously. The youngest, however, would have a heavy pillar of salt bound to her back, and the servants would lead her out into the wilderness.
Everyone, including her sisters, and her mother, the queen, begged and prayed that the king would forgive her. But the king’s anger couldn’t be appeased. 
And when the young princess was forced to leave the palace, and head out into the darkness of the forest, the whole road was strewn with the pearls which flowed from her eyes.


*


‘Her father eventually repented his foolishness,’ the queen said morosely as her tale came to an end, ‘for I had his food served without salt! But even though the whole forest was searched, no one could find a single trace of my daughter; for even the trail of tears only ran so far into the wilderness.’
‘I’m sorry my gift brought back such painful memories,’ the count sadly apologised.
‘But did you see her?’ the queen asked excitedly. ‘Surely you must have seen some sign of her?’
The count was naturally surprised that the queen seemed to think he’d been so long in the forest that he might have come across her lost daughter.
‘I was there only a matter of days at most, I’m sure,’ the count protested. ‘The only other people I came across were the old witch and her equally hideous daughter.’ 
‘Still, you must lead me and my husband to these witches,’ the queen declared more excitedly than ever, ‘if you really received this box from them!’
She held out the emerald box towards him, its lid still wide open.
Of course, the count peered inside, even though he knew he would see the water droplet tucked away inside.
But, this time, he was wrong.
Now the box held what could have been a droplet of the moon itself; a teardrop-shaped pearl.


*


Even if the moon hadn’t been fully shrouded by dark, ragged clouds, it would have only served to reveal to the count that he was once again lost amongst the forest.
As he’d promised the queen, he’d led her and the king and their men back along the trails he’d followed earlier. But as they’d encamped for the night, he’d wandered off a little, believing he’d spotted another track he’d previously missed. 
And so, before he knew what he was doing, he found himself so lost once more that he decided it would be far better for him to find a safe tree for him to go to sleep in and wait until the sun rose, when everything would appear so much clearer to him.
It was while he was climbing the tree that he saw part of the surrounding darkness shift a little, as if alive. It could have been a huge, man-sized crow heading his way, with its raggedy wings down by its side, its darkly hooded head. 
The count scampered ever more quickly up into the tree. 
It must be the witch heading his way, he reasoned, with her torn and feathery-edged cloak, her all-pervading sense of a chaotic darkness.
As she passed beneath his tree, he would leap out upon her: and once captured, she’d be forced to reveal how she’d come by the princess’s tear.


*


Blessing the fortuitous accident that had brought him here, the count waited patiently in his tree, shifting only slightly when he saw which side the witch would pass on. He saw, too, as she cast aside her darkly ragged cloak, that his tree was one of two other old oaks, surrounding a perfectly circular well whose waters mirrored the silvery gaze of the moon.
It wasn’t the witch after all. It was her daughter. 
But she’d make a good a hostage as any.
But then, she took off her goose-grey skin…


*


When the girl’s hair fell free, it spread all about her like a glittering mantle, reflecting every fragment of light as if it were the true source of the glow, each strand glittering like a moonbeam in its own right.
Her own skin was as gloriously white as the moon. Her eyes shone out as brightly as the stars in heaven.
How the maiden had changed! A change like the count could never have imagined! She was undoubtedly more beautiful than anyone he’d ever seen in the whole world. 
He hardly dared to breathe, but stretched his head out as far forward through the leaves as he could without disturbing her.
Yet once the maiden had completely washed herself, she simply sat down amongst the mercurial waters and began to weep bitterly, one silvery dew-like tear after another forcing itself out of her eyes, then rolling down to earth through the glistening stands of her long hair. 
She would probably have sat all through the night like this, and the count would have stared in awe for just as long admiring her beauty. 
Perhaps, then, he bent over too far to see more, for a bough of the tree abruptly cracked warningly. 
The girl sprang up like a startled roe, slipping in an instant into the grey skin just as the moon is suddenly obscured by a dark cloud; and she disappeared from his eyes, like a light blown out by the wind.


*


The startled girl ran all the way back home, trembling like an aspen-leaf. 
How could she bear so much shame! How could anyone abuse her in such a way?
She saw her old mother standing by the hovel’s door, strangely sweeping and scouring rather than spinning, which would be her more usual occupation at this late hour. She was also shaking out the pillows and bedding, causing a flurry of goose feathers as white as snow.
‘Mother!’ the girl cried forlornly, intending of course to tell the old woman how she thought she might have been seen by the well.
‘I know, I know!’ the old woman chuckled happily. ‘That’s why everything must all be clean and sweet; and I’ve lit a fresh log in the hearth.’
‘But why are you doing all this so late?’ the girl asked as she and her mother stepped into the house where, as the old woman had said, everything was clean, while a log blazed in the fireplace. ‘What are you expecting?’
‘Don’t you know what time it is?’ asked the old woman. 
‘Not yet midnight,’ said the girl, ‘but already past eleven o’clock.’
‘It’s three years to the day since you came to me. Your time is up; we can no longer remain together.’
‘You’re casting me out, Mother?’ the girl said, terrified and confused. ‘But I’ve always done everything you’ve asked me to do! You’ve always been the most Gracious One to me! Where shall I go? I’ve no friends; there’s no home for me to go to!’
‘My stay here is over; all daughters must one day take over as Mother,’ was all the old woman would say in reply to the poor girl’s anxious questions. 
‘Go to your room,’ she added kindly, ‘and replace the skin with your white linen gown; then wait until I call you.’


*


Hoping to follow the girl, the young count had quietly slipped out of the tree, only to lose her in the darkness. 
He soon came across two figures bearing a lamp, however, and drawing closer, he saw it was the king and queen.
It had snowed heavily across their encampment, waking them, they announced to the startled count. But once awoken, they’d been drawn this way by a light shining in the window of the old woman’s house.
When the count elatedly told them what he’d seen by the well, both the king and queen agreed it could only be their daughter: and so all three of them approached the house with growing excitement and joy.
The geese were sitting all about the house, with their heads thrust beneath their wings, for they were all sleeping like the most exhausted children, and not one of them moved. The door, however, was curiously already open, which none of the three had expected at all. 
As they peered cautiously inside, they saw the old woman sitting there, quietly spinning, nodding her head and never looking around. But their daughter was nowhere to be seen.
The old woman rose as if she’d been expecting them, calling out quite kindly, ‘Come in – I know you already. Though you might have spared yourself the misery in which you’ve lived if you hadn’t unjustly driven away your child.’
As the king and queen nervously entered the room, the old woman continued to reassure them that they had nothing to fear.
‘No harm’s come to her; through tending the geese, she’s learnt no evil, but has preserved her purity of heart.’
Opening the door to the girl’s room, she called out, ‘Come out, my little daughter.’
And when the girl rose from her bed, her golden hair tumbling everywhere about her like sunbeams, her skin as white as a dove, everyone there gazed in astonishment: for, once again, it was just as if the sun itself was rising!
The young princess never, ever cried again. 
Of course, her luminous pearls and fiery rubies would thankfully continue to stream to the ground; but now it was whenever she combed her hair, so silvery in the moonlight, so golden like the sun.


*


Chapter 4

‘That’s not the goose girl story!’ I protested despondently when the fish eventually finished his tale. ‘Were you actually listening to Cook?’
‘That’s the way I heard it!’ the fish insisted grumpily. ‘And I was the one in the well; not Cook! What’s she know anyway?’
‘It sounds to me like you don’t particularly like Cook.’
‘She would’ve cooked me, given the chance! Besides, weren’t you the one originally complaining that she’d got it all wrong? What is it that you think was missing from her tale?’
‘Well-’
‘My tale had a well!’
‘I didn’t mean that kind of well!’
‘What other kind is there? What could be more useful than a well?’
As if tired of this argument, he flipped over in the well’s waters and, with a flick of his tail, swam off down the channel leading back towards the palace garden’s streams and river. Following his hasty retreat, a flash of pink gold in the silvery waters, my eyes were soon quite naturally taking in the beauty of the carefully tended gardens, with its leaves of every green, its blooms of rainbow hues. 
The queen was there too, as radiantly gorgeous as anything flourishing about her.
She caught me looking her way.
She smiled; knowingly, too, I thought.


*


Like the Cook’s tale, I believe the fish’s tale was lacking in many things.
For instance, isn’t there always supposed to be a grand wedding, the princess marrying her prince?
I suppose she would have married the count, or the prince, or whoever he really was.
And what of all those geese?
Would they be her bridesmaids, perhaps, each one having been a magically cursed maiden in her own right, and now freed from their captive charms? The old woman might have taken them into her care, as she had the king’s daughter, for she wasn’t any witch, that’s for sure.
Maybe, come to think it, she was the one who’d granted the girl this gift of weeping pearls and rubies for tears?
It’s a shame that kind of thing doesn’t happen anymore.
Why, the poor would all be rich within an hour, wouldn’t they?


*


Chapter 5

There wasn’t any scheming maid in the fish’s tale; that’s what was really wrong with it.
If the queen had been the maid, and the king wasn’t her father but…but then, I’m completely changing the tale now, aren’t I?
As I ask around, talking to the maids of the palace – who, far from being scheming and evil, are generally really nice, and quite, quite sweet in their ways, if sometimes a touch coarse – each and every one says I’m wrong, that Cook’s right; but then, what would they know, for they’ve only ever heard Cook’s tales!
‘How would you know of any other telling of the tale?’ they ask whenever I pointed this out to them. 
‘Yes, yes; aren’t you just like us?’ a second would eagerly agree with the first, a third chipping in quite forthrightly, ‘We all hear our tales from Cook!’
That was true, I always had to admit.
‘But…but a princess can’t die – not in a fairy tale, at least!’ I would always say in one last attempt at resistance. 
Yet everyone disagreed.
In this tale, the princess did die – because she was no longer a princess, but a poor goose girl.
And the poor always die before the rich.


*


‘No, no; it’s always been like that, for as long as I can remember!’
Jenny is by far the oldest servant in the palace, older by far than even Cook. With her fading eyesight, her weakened, stooped frame, she’s been awarded only the lighter tasks around the place, such as the watering of the innumerable potted plants dotted everywhere about the buildings and courtyards.
Like the younger maids, however, she sternly maintains that the tale told by Cook is the correct one.
‘I’ve never heard any other way of telling it!’ she adds determinedly. 
‘But I heard a similar tale, and in this one the goose girl bathes in a well, which somehow reveals…’
I fade off a little, seeing that Jenny has briefly paused in her watering of the pots, as if she recognises or recalls something in what I’m saying. Yet then, as if forcing herself to snap out of even considering such nonsense, she abruptly returns to her task. 
‘We can’t just go around changing tales simply because we don’t like the ending!’ she retorts sternly. ‘Why, there’d be a whole host of different retellings floating around out there, and no one would be any the wiser as to which was the truth of the matter!’
‘I don’t wish to change the ending,’ I persist. ‘I think the ending has been changed: and so we’re all already being taken in by a false telling of the tale!’
‘Wherever would you have heard such an outlandish thing?’
‘Maybe I didn’t hear it; maybe I read it–’ 
I try to stop myself from saying it, but I’m too late.
What an incredibly stupid thing to say!
Jenny looks up from watering a small bush, unintentionally drenching its leaves rather than its roots.
Even though her eyes are cloudy, almost a milky white, I can see she’s angrily glaring at me.
‘Read?’ she snaps. ‘And how would a goose girl like yourself have learned to read, young madam?’
‘I didn’t say I’d rea…’ I begin uncertainly, and in a panic.
But I had, hadn’t I?
Why would I ever make such an incredibly arrogant claim?
‘All this makes sense to me now!’ Jenny continues irritably, raging at my presumption. ‘The goose girl’s above everyone else, isn’t she? Isn’t that what you’re saying? Getting ideas above your station?’
‘No, no, Jenny! I swear I was just–’ 
I falter again in my protestations of innocence.
Is that it?
Is that really why I’d like to think the tale should end differently?
Thankfully, Jenny leaves me; her small watering can needs filling from the far-off well once more.


*


Chapter 6

‘Thank you.’
Once again, I’ve got someone – or something – chatting away to me even though I can’t see anyone nearby.
Maybe I’d start looking around for the fish, only this is a voice that sounds younger, even a little child-like.
‘Down here,’ the voice says helpfully.
Glancing down, all I can see is the bush Jenny had accidentally drenched with her misaimed watering. 
‘I don’t normally get to have my leaves wetted,’ the little bush merrily continues. ‘Jenny’s been told it looks unsightly; so it’s just my roots that get watered, which isn’t anywhere near enough to keep me growing strongly!’
‘I’ll let her know; she’ll know better in future,’ I offer, wondering even as I say it how well that’s going to go down with Jenny: little-miss-presumptuous herself telling the palace’s oldest maid how to go about her job.
Why is it only me who seems to be able to hear plants and fish talking?
‘It would help,’ the little bay tree replies gaily, only to morosely add, ‘if only for so long…’
‘Why only for so long? I ask suspiciously, recalling how my conversation with the fish had ended with me carrying him out to the yard. 
‘I’ll soon grow too big for this pot and–’ 
‘And you’re worried you’ll die?’ I ask cynically, recalling once more that my discussion with the fish had followed eerily similar lines. ‘And so you wonder if I could take you out to the garden and–’ 
‘Why, yes, yes! Thank you, thank you so so much for your suggestion!’
‘Well it wasn’t actually a suggestion, but…’
As I said earlier: Why is it only me who seems to be able to hear plants and fish talking?


*


Wouldn’t you know it, carrying a potted tree out to the garden is even more of struggle than taking a half-dead salmon into the yard.
It’s a much, much longer walk, for one thing.
Particularly as I have to take the longer route, avoiding the palace corridors where I’d be sure to leave behind an easily traceable trail of soil. 
So I have to go down narrow, tightly winding stairs leading to the underground tunnels used by the army of servants to subserviently satisfy their masters’ every demand while remaining more or less invisible.
Then, too, I have to avoid that hurriedly scuttling army of servants, ducking in and out of recesses, or taking branching corridors leading me even farther astray.
A potted plant is also heavy and ungainly. Plus, as its drenched with water, I end up soaked too, and covered in streaks of mud.
When we’re at last out in the garden, it turns out a bay tree can’t just be planted any old where either, oh no: it’s not right here because there’s too much sun, too much shade; here it’s the soil that’s wrong, as it’s too wet, too dry, even painfully acidic; other plants are too close here, throwing out choking roots, while this area’s windy, cold, hot.
By the time I’ve unpotted the tree and bedded him in, I’m covered in more soil than I’ve shaken from his roots.
‘I’m so looking forward to being rained on!’ he shivers excitedly as I firmly heel him into his new position overlooking a particularly glorious stretch of the river.
‘I would have thought no one likes being rained on!’ I retort wearily.
‘It will make my leaves sing for joy; trust me!’
‘Well that’s something I would like to hear; even if it means I’m out in the rain too!’ I chuckle, realising there’s no point in me being miserable about all this.
‘Then they’ll sing for you now,’ the tree replied gleefully. ‘For there’s a tale they’ve been longing to tell you…’


*


Chapter 7

The Bay-Tree Maiden 


Six weeks before the queen’s baby was due, he began to cry inside his mother’s womb.
How can you make a baby yet to be born stop crying?
Driven to distraction by the constant wailing, and fearing, anyway, for the wellbeing of her child, the queen began to promise him all manner of things, if only he would stop crying so.
The finest weapons, wrought from the most precious metals.
A horse, one he could ride like the wind.
Marriage to a beautiful princess, the daughter of a powerful king.
Yet in spite of all these promises, the baby refused to bring its wailing to an end.
In desperation, then, the queen promised him the hand of the fair maiden called Laurus Nobilis, who lived across seven seas and seven lands. 
And instantly, the boy ceased his complaint.


*


No more was thought of this promise by the queen until the day the boy was at last old enough to marry.
He wanted his parents to keep their promise; he wanted the hand of the fair maiden who lived across many seas and many lands. 
The queen laughed uneasily, surprised that he remembered a promise made to him while he was still in her womb.
It had been in jest, she admitted, simply to quieten him; of course, there was no such maiden, for she had been entirely made up by the queen herself.
‘If you don’t give me the maiden you promised,’ the young prince haughtily retorted, ‘then I swear I’ll go out into the world to look for her!’
‘You can have the very finest weapons,’ the king offered, ‘wrought only from the Earth’s most precious metals.’
‘Or a horse,’ the queen said, seeing that her son thought the king’s gift inadequate, ‘one you can ride like the wind!’
‘We’ll give you the daughter of a king, a powerful king,’ said his father hastily, seeing that the boy still frowned disapprovingly, while his mother added with equal haste, ‘The cleverest, most beautiful girl in all the world!’
‘Even if she were the Sister of the Sun itself, I wouldn’t marry her,’ the boy insisted vehemently. ‘I’ll only marry the girl promised me!’
And so, as he’d sworn to do only moments earlier, the prince went out into the world in search of his true bride.


*


It seemed as if he’d been searching for seven years now, across many seas, and many lands, riding through dark forests and parched wilderness, and still he’d seen no sign at all of the girl promised to him while he was being cared for in his mother’s womb.
Still he rode on, coming to a beautiful meadow that was remarkably unusual, for at its centre someone had painstakingly created a low-walled garden, with bushes and blooms of every kind and colour, all watered by a sparkling brook.
And at its very centre, there stood a bay tree, whose leaves whispered as musically as crinkling patterns of ice. 
An icy rain swept across the open land, so sudden in its abrupt chill that the preciously wrought metals of the prince’s sword, dagger and buckles took on a milky sheen, cracked and even, in places, entirely shattered.
To avoid the sudden snap of cold rain, the prince took shelter behind one of the garden’s low walls, dragging his mount down with him, so that she too might benefit from the relative warmth of its cover.
Here he must have bedded down, for when he woke it was dark; and yet, no, it wasn’t entirely dark, for in the garden it was still a touch lighter than anywhere else, as if it were close to dawn. 
It was still warm in the garden too, for oranges were growing amongst the trees.
He might, then, have taken shelter in the warmth of the garden, yet he quite rightly feared that it must belong to someone, and he’d been given no allowance to enter their property.
Besides, he was sure he’d been woken by a voice, even though there was no one around that he could see.
‘Open thy branches green bay tree, To let the purest maiden free,
On whom neither sun nor wind nor rain, Have ever made the slightest stain.’
The voice, the startled prince now realised, was coming from the tree. As, indeed, was the glimmer of light that granted the garden its own particular character, its indifference to its surroundings.
And as the tree spoke, more and more of that radiant light was being revealed, for the veil of leaves was shifting, parting, while the grain of the trunk itself whirled and whorled, until it too moved apart like opening curtains.
A girl stepped out of the tree, her hair of purest gold and shining as if it were living sunshine, while the beauty of all the flowers in the world was upon her face. 
Dazzled by her beauty, the prince couldn’t sleep anymore that night, delighting instead in watching the girl play amongst and gather the flowers, her gaze alone enough to make everything about her take on her own glorious radiance.
‘O beautiful maiden,’ he longingly sighed to himself, ‘if you give me a flower from your tresses to kiss, I will make a silk swing in my palace for you, where no man will ever be able to reach you.’


*


The girl bathed in the garden’s spring for a great deal of the night, the waters glittering as brightly as the most perfect mirror as her radiance sparkled across its silvery surface. 
But at last, the girl made her way back to the tree.
‘Part your branches, green bay tree, To let the maiden enter thee.’ 
When the girl had once again become a part of the tree, it was now dawn everywhere else across the meadow.
Yet as he’d remained awake all night, incapable of taking his eyes off the beautiful girl for even a moment, the prince was tired rather than wholly refreshed. He wished to travel on, if only to find out more about this garden and its glorious attendant maiden, while at the same time fearing the sense of bereavement he realised he’d suffer once he left her, if only for a day.
To make his decision all the harder, the bay leaves whispered enticingly in a light breeze.
To make his decision easier, the wind abruptly whipped harder and fiercer everywhere else about the garden.
He had to seek shelter, this time choosing another wall of the garden to bed himself down behind.
And here he must have fallen completely asleep, for when he awoke, the surrounding meadow was dark once more.
When he cautiously peered over the garden wall, he saw that the tree once again emanated that strange half-light that gave everything within the walls its own peculiar illumination. The wind was still light, too, behind these walls, for the oranges continued to ripen upon the trees, with no threat of suffering a windfall.
The bay tree’s leaves were chattering excitedly amongst themselves.
‘A maid that never had a tryst, Whose lips no mortal ever kissed,
Whose hair’s like living sunshine, Her face all the flowers I wish were mine.’
As before, the tree softly opened up, like parting lips, giving birth once more to the gloriously radiant maiden.
This time, as she played about the garden, she helped herself to a brightly glowing orange, peeling the soft skin aside to reveal the far more delicious and moister flesh as yet lying untouched just inside.
‘O beautiful maiden,’ the prince longingly sighed to himself, ‘if you give me a flower from your lips to kiss, I will take the bay tree and plant it in the palace gardens.’ 
Beguiled by her beauty, he once again stayed awake throughout the night, avidly watching her as she played and bathed in the pearly waters, not wishing to take his eyes off the girl for even one moment. 


*


‘Part your branches, green bay tree, To let the maiden enter thee.’ 
He had surely stayed here long enough, the prince told himself as the girl spoke to and once again slipped back into the tree.
He must carry on with his journey, despite his exhaustion.
He could come back here at any time. And he might even be able to return with permission to enter the garden. Or at least know more of this girl’s history.
His resolve was made all the firmer today, even though the bay leaves were once again curiously chattering like bread buns baking in a hot sun, even though the new day was only just beginning to rise on the edges of the meadow. 
His resolve was instantly weakened, however, when he saw that it wasn’t the sun coming over the horizon, but its reflected glow. For a whole host of knights and men-at-arms were passing by, their armour, shields and lance heads glittering with a stolen radiance. 
The prince didn’t recognise even one of their banners, or the emblems on their shields and helmets. And so he took shelter behind a third wall of the garden, bedding himself down here and making himself so comfortable that he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he thought at first that the warm light enveloping him amongst the rest of the darkness must mean the great horde of soldiers was still passing by. But they had long gone, he saw with a sigh of relief as he peered over his wall.
The maiden was already slipping free of her tree.
‘Let her go out to the fountain cool, Where the water bubbles in the pool,
To wash her face so white and fair, And gather flowers while she’s there.’ 
The fresh waters of the spring sparkled alluringly, sharing the blissful joy of the girl as she bathed, while the sun-ripened oranges at last began to fall. When she at last arose from the glittering water, the girl appeared dreamily satisfied, such that she lay down upon the grass, amongst the fallen oranges – and there she fell asleep.


*


The prince had never seen the girl fall asleep.
In his way, he felt cheated, for he could no longer see her so well.
Hadn’t he seen enough, though, to recognise that it was the bay tree itself who appeared to have control over the garden?
‘Part your branches, green bay tree, To let me enter thee.’ 
Daring at last to enter the garden, he stepped over the wall, seeing this as an opportunity to observe her up close, to fully take in her beauty as she lay there unawares.
As he neared her, he wasn’t disappointed. Rather, he saw that her beauty was quite indescribable, for no words could ever fully do her justice, her flesh so temptingly soft and white amidst the reddish-glow of the oranges.
‘O beautiful maiden,’ he longingly sighed, ‘if you let me gather flowers from your bosom, I will make you my queen.’ 
Stooping low, he kissed her on lips previously untouched. 
And he ever so carefully took the flower she held.


*


When the poor girl at last woke up, she was shocked to find that whereas her flower had been taken, she’d been strewn with the rubied bloom of roses taken from a deflowered bush.
There was something else about her that was also quite, quite different; but she could no longer put her finger on what it was.
Rising, she walked up to the bay tree.
‘Part your branches, green bay tree, To let the maiden enter thee.’ 
But the bay tree didn’t welcome her back, as she’d expected.
‘You were as pure as the morning dew, But now a mortal has kissed you. 
A maiden who has gone astray, Cannot return to our bay.’ 
She couldn’t return to her place within the tree.
Now it was her tears that fell as if they were the morning’s silvery dew.


*


In high spirits, the prince had set off at last to find the parents of the girl; for, quite surely, she could only be Laurus Nobilis, the girl promised to him when he had still lain within the lustrous waters of his mother’s womb.
He soon arrived at one of the grandest palaces he had ever seen, one glittering with gold and topaz, yet he was warmly welcomed by the king and queen for they’d heard of the wealth of his parent’s realm.
He wished to marry the girl Laurus Nobilis, he told them excitedly: and the king and queen were at once every bit as excited as he was, for why, wasn’t that their very own noble daughter, and every laurel must go to her when it came to the praise of beauty.
Preparations for the wedding were immediately put in hand.


*


Preparing to go about weeding her garden, the girl was abruptly struck by a sense of profound unease: though at present, she couldn’t quite envision its cause. 
She simply knew she had to leave the garden.
She stood beneath the tree, realising she needed to dress accordingly.
‘Shiver and shake, dear little tree; gold and silver shower on me.’
Through several years, the tree had caught and accumulated amongst its many leaves far more than its fair share of pearls of dew and raiments of gold.
On the girl’s command, the leaves trembled, raining their precious hoard down upon her: but the moon’s silvery tears had already lost their lustre, while even gold devoid of light is at once dark as night.


*


Out hunting for deer for his wedding feast, the prince had become separated from the rest of the party as he’d set off into darker parts of the forest in pursuit of a fleeing hart. In her entirely black habit, and the dulled white of her wimple, the nun could have been a flash of rushing deer against the solid darkness of the packed undergrowth, but fortunately the prince brought his mount up to a sharp halt before he mistakenly ran her down.
‘Good day, little nun,’ said the prince, amazed that he’d come across her here in the deep forest, amazed too that she appeared to have taken up the life of a hermit, going by the impoverished nature of her shelter and encampment. 
Now of course, the nun had never, ever seen the prince before: and yet it didn’t take her long at all to sense that, although she couldn’t quite place him, they had previously known each other in some way.
‘Good day, Your Highness,’ replied the nun, for despite her long retreat from the world she couldn’t fail to recognise the richness of his garb, the breeding of his mount.
‘Where do you come from?’ the prince asked curiously, wondering why a nun would make such a wild place her home.
‘From beyond the valley.’
‘And what did you see there?’ asked the prince, now more curious that ever, for he recalled that the garden lay in that direction, and he wondered whatever she might have made of it.
‘A once beautiful yet now sadly lonely garden,’ the nun replied miserably.
‘Once beautiful?’ the prince repeated, aghast. ‘Lonely?’ 
‘Why yes, no one’s there anymore to care for it.’
‘Ah, yes, but of course!’ the prince replied jovially, as it dawned on him what must have happened. ‘It’s sad that the garden’s already suffering her loss, but the girl is now happily preparing to be my future queen!’
‘Your queen?’ the startled nun gasped in disbelief. ‘But that’s not true at all!’
‘How dare you suggest I’d go back on a promise?’ the prince retorted, angered by the nun’s presumption. 
‘But...but the girl you mentioned; well, I know that she was left weeping by someone who took her most treasured flower–’ 
‘With the promise that her honour would be restored, when I made her my queen!’ the prince interrupted defensively.
‘Then…it was you?’ the startled nun gasped in horror.


*


Turning sharply about, the nun began to make her way out of the forest, to sternly head across the open meadows.
The prince followed on close behind, offering her a ride a number of times, only to be curtly refused each time.
It was late evening when the garden came into sight. The prince was shocked by its poor state, for it had become entirely overgrown in what could only be a matter of days. 
The nun stepped over the low wall without a moment’s hesitation and so, dismounting, the prince subserviently followed.
As the nun stood beneath the bay tree, she began to weep, for she’d had no idea that the garden would so quickly fall into disrepair.
Her tears were as lustrous as those of the moon, which fall as the morning dew.
‘Part your branches, green bay tree,’ said the nun, ‘To let the maiden enter thee.’ 
The leaves of the tree began to shiver, to shake; but the tree didn’t open for the maid to enter 
But her robes, so lacking in light, at once became raiment’s of gold.
While her wimple was transformed into silvery pearls, glittering amongst tumbling locks that shone as brightly as rays from the sun.
In a moment, the garden too was fully restored to its former glory, the entangling vines retreating in an instant, the overpowering weeds and grasses shrivelling like so many fleeing serpents as they returned to the dark soil.
‘Open up to me!’ he pleaded to the now resplendently garbed girl.
‘To whom?’ the girl replied hardheartedly. ‘Who are you?’
‘I want to come into your heart to you.’
‘Then it’s a small place you wish for.’
‘What does that matter? Though I scarcely find room, you’ll have no need to complain of crowding. I’ll treat you to the most wondrous things!’
Naturally, the prince couldn’t fail to recognise his true Laurus Nobilis.
His promise would be fulfilled.


*


Chapter 8

‘But where’s the servant? The evil servant?’
Once again, I was left completely deflated by the tale I’d been told.
‘Servant?’ the tree responded curiously. ‘You didn’t say anything about a servant!’
‘But that was the problem with the last tale I’d heard! There has to be a wicked servant, who takes the princess’s place!’
‘Ah, well now…’ the little tree replied thoughtfully. ‘Every tale has it variants, I’ve come to realise, and this tale is no exception; I must confess, I’ve heard it told that she became a monk, not a nun – so it could be that she actually became this servant you’re talking of!’
‘No, not her,’ I protested in frustration. ‘She doesn’t become the servant. She– well, yes, yes, she does become the servant, but as a goose gir–’ 
‘Ah, there you are then!’
‘No no; you still don’t understand–’ 
‘I was only trying to help!’ the little tree quite rightly pointed out. ‘I’m only an offshoot; I only know for certain the odd point or two. You’ve got to understand that these stories have gone through all kinds of grim changes, often through the very best intentions; I mean, the nun was my own idea, for I thought her being a monk was quite ridic–’ 
‘You changed the tale?’
‘But only for the better! I just added a few things – I realised you wanted a happy ending–’ 
‘I didn’t want a happy ending! I wanted the truth!’ I cried out in exasperation. ‘So are you saying she doesn’t marry the prince?’
‘Of course she marries him! Her honour has to be restored, after all!’
‘He didn’t seem a very nice prince to me; so I can’t see as how even that’s a happy ending!’
‘Well, the garden’s restored; you see, in some versions, she’s…much more willing, shall we say? – rather than being asleep–’ 
‘That’s another change you’ve made?’ I snapped accusingly, causing the poor little bush’s leaves to shiver and shake.
‘No, no; she’s this sleeping beauty in many retellings of the tale,’ the tree reassured me, only to add, ‘The truth of the matter is no one knows the original tale anymore; but why does it matter so much to you anyway?’
I shrugged uncomfortably, realising he’s hit a sore point, for I’ve never worked out for myself why it’s so important for me to hear the correct tale.
‘I’m not sure,’ I admit. ‘I just need to know; but I can’t quite put my finger on why!’


*


‘You can put your finger on written words,’ the tree brightly declares, moving slightly, as if failing in an attempt to peer around my side to get a better view of the great house lying behind me. ‘Aren’t there books in that grand palace?’ 
‘A whole, vast library,’ I reply miserably, confessing that not even one of them is of any use to me if I can’t read.
‘Really?’ the tree says doubtfully. ‘Have you ever tried?’
‘Reading’s not something you simply try and find you can do or not!’ I chuckle at his naivety. ‘It takes practice!’
‘Then you never practised it?’ the tree persists.
‘Goose girls don’t get to learn how to read,’ I sigh, cringing as I recall suffering Jenny’s wrath.
‘But didn’t you say princesses become goose girls? And they’re taught how to read, I’m sure!’
‘That’s just the story; it’s not anything like what happens in real life, unfortunately.’
‘Ah, so you’re saying you’re not a princess? Yet I heard you say to the woman who used to water my roots that you’d read this story that’s troubling you!’
‘I was wrong – I must be wrong! I can’t read!’
‘But isn’t that such an odd claim to make then? That you’d read it? It’s not something you’d mistakenly recall doing if you can’t read at all – would you?’
I shrug once more; yet again, this little tree has made me doubt my own reasoning.
Why would I believe I might have read such a tale, even if only for the briefest of moments?
Could my parents have taught me to read? Or, maybe, they told me the original tale!
Maybe by parents raised geese too, so they’d have a special interest in the tale. A special interest as well, I suppose, in ensuring the poor goose girl triumphs in the end.
Yes, yes; that would make a great deal of sense, wouldn’t it?
Only...no, it wouldn’t.
Because, now I come to think of it, I can’t remember a single thing about my parents!


*


Chapter 9

My childhood’s a complete blank!
I know, of course, that I came here with the princess, traveling with her from her father’s realm to attend a wedding arranged long ago, when both the king and the future queen were children.
Not that I can remember much of that journey
Nor anything remotely interesting about the kingdom we left behind. 
Is that natural?
‘I can’t remember the slightest thing about my childhood!’ I gasp out loud in horror. ‘Surely that can’t be right? Why can’t I remember anything?’
The little tree shivers doubtfully.
‘I’m not sure it’s possible to recall anything of our earliest beginnings,’ he sagely assures me, ‘but I began to become aware – and can still recall – the seemingly brutal way the gardener shook my roots clear of a smaller pot to embed me in an elaborate one more suitable for the palace corridors. Suddenly I was cold every day, every night, with uncomfortable draughts, with ice at the windows. Passers-by would clip my leaves, too, to chew on, or for their cooking. I recall memories passed on by my parent too – otherwise, how would I know of the poor maiden?’
‘I can’t remember my parents; maybe I was orphaned? Maybe I was just wet-nursed?’ 
‘Even so, you must have some recollections of your past life?’
I try to think of anything that might have happened to me when I was younger; I try so hard to think of some event that had lodged itself firmly in my memory.
But I come up with nothing; absolutely nothing!
‘I can remember so much of what’s happened to me while I’ve lived here, in this land,’ I forlornly confess, ‘yet I can’t recall even one thing about the princess’s kingdom!’
‘The library; there’ll be books there about the kingdoms that might begin to jog your memor– ah, sorry, I forgot! You can’t read, can you?’
I thought about this.
‘Well, really, who knows?’ I proclaim brightly, if admittedly a touch oddly. ‘I mean, think about it; maybe I could read once – but I’ve just forgotten that I could!’


*


Leaving the little tree delightedly bathing once more in the brightness of the sun, I quickly fly off towards the library, having decided that I’ll be less likely to be discovered if I use the garden entrance.
The library has huge windows overlooking a smoothly paved esplanade, which itself overlooks the garden. This ensures there’s always enough sunlight to allow close examination of the books’ many beautiful illuminations, though the windows’ curtains are far more usually tightly drawn to prevent the precious tomes being damaged.
As I draw closer to the library, then, it’s obvious to me even from a distance that the library is unfortunately already in use, for some of the curtains have been pulled aside. I cover the last few yards tentatively, not wishing to be seen peering in at whoever’s either reading or studying the innumerable rows of books.
It may well be the queen; she uses the library more than anyone else, as if she’s intent on devouring every tract and manuscript she can find in there.
I’m surprised to see it isn’t the queen but the king, for its well known that he has little interest in books, for he says the written word is a dead word, left lifeless and unchangeable.
He has had the large book he’s reading placed upon a plinth, and as he stands by it, he could be a bishop offering a stern sermon, for he stares at the pages with a pensive frown.
I’ve never seen him look so thoughtful; never heard, indeed, of anyone catching him in a serious, anxious mood.
At least, that is, not since the beautiful princess arrived to become his queen. Since that day, all the maids assure me, he has been the happiest of any man alive.
Today, though, he forlornly broods as he takes in the words of the book open before him. Is this the real reason why he avoids the many books in his library? Because they only ever impart ever more reasons to doubt things you’d previously blissfully taken for granted?
The last time I’d caught him reading like this, he’d had the very same, worried expression.
Then, of course, the book he was reading was the very one I’m seeking now; a book on the realm of his bride-to-be.


*


Chapter 10

What will she be like?
I’ve not seen her since she was a child – since I was a child!
I can’t remember what she looked like!
What good would it be anyway, even if I could?
It’s been so long since she was promised me, she’s bound to have changed, in every way imaginable!
I’m wasting my time looking though this book! 
I’d hoped it would stir memories of her father’s kingdom.
He closes the book with a grimace of hopelessness.
He hopes his bride-to-be will have hair as golden as the sun.
Skin as flawlessly white as the dove.
A face full of the beauty of all the flowers in the world.
He won’t be disappointed.
The princess will be everything he desires.
His promise would be fulfilled.


*


What was that?
A reflection of when I’d last seen the king pensively studying a book?
Yet how could I have seen him in this library before the princess had even arrived in his lands?
Before I’d arrived with her?
And besides, how could I possibly know what he’d been thinking at the time?
All these things are impossible!
There’s only one explanation.
I’m imagining it all!
But why ever would I imagine such a strange thing? 


*


Chapter 11

When the king leaves the library, he doesn’t shut the book he’s been reading; he leaves it open.
As quietly as possible, I slip in through the door built into the framing of one of the large windows.
I’m aghast when I see what confronts me – row are row of books. 
Thousands of them.
I couldn’t possibly hope to find what I’m looking for in here.
I don’t even know where to start.
If only the king had been reading a book on the princess’s realm, the very book I’m looking for!
Hah! 
Of course!
That’s why I’d suffered that false memory!
It was just wishful thinking on my part!
Naturally, I’d be hoping he was reading the book I was seeking!
What was it, though, that had made him brood so?
I step over to the plinth, glance at the page.
‘You can ride my beast,’ the maid said haughtily. ‘I don’t mean to be anyone’s servant any longer.’
It’s not the book I’d come in here looking for – and yet it’s the very tale I’d intended seeking out originally.
The Goose Girl!


*


Chapter 12

The Goose Girl 


Promised as a young girl to a prince, the young princess was now nearing an age when marriage was inevitable, while the prince had become a king.
As the princess’s mother prepared all the many items that would be needed on the long journey, she took special care to directly hand over a cup made of a gold so pure it was more usually entrusted to only the very safest and wisest of hands.
‘I brought you up my child, and exalted you,’ the queen declared, if a touch too poetically, holding back her tears to retain a more suitable sage-like authority, ‘so I beg you please don’t despise my advice.’
Next, taking a little knife, she cut off a lock of her hair, which at the very ends at least was still lustrously golden. This she also gave to the princess. 
‘Take care of it, dear child,’ she said, ‘for it’s a charm that may be of use to you on your journey.’
Taking the knife once more, along with a needle and then a small pin, she carefully proceeded to painfully prick in turn her thumb, wedding-ring finger, and little finger, tenderly catching all three drops of blood upon a white rag.
‘I gave birth to you, after lying with your father, once I’d moved on from being a child myself,’ she said as she did this, finally handing the rag to the princess, adding, ‘So please take great care of this, dear child, for it may be of use to you on your journey.’
And, of course, carefully nestling both the lock of hair and the rag in the front of her dress, the princess promised she would take care of her mother’s gifts.


*


It could be said that the finest gift the queen had granted her daughter was the lithesomely beautiful Falada, a horse that any man would have wished to make his and ride. Quite naturally, the mount of the princess’s maid-in-waiting was of a lesser breed. 
Nonetheless, as they leisurely made their way across the wide expanse of the realm, it was the previously pampered princess who was the first to feel the heat of the day. She soon found herself uncontrollably longing for a drink of cool water from the wide spreading lake whose shallow edges they were languidly trotting through. 
‘I’m so thirsty,’ the princess declared to her maid, looking towards the crystal-clear spring of Sökkvabekkr that fed the lake via a stream of brightly singing water. ‘Please unpack my golden goblet and fetch me some water from that sunken bank.’
‘If you’re thirsty,’ the maid calmly replied, ‘it’s far easier for you to dismount and lie down by the water and drink. I shouldn’t have to do even the simplest things for you.’ 
The princess was so thirsty, she unwisely didn’t think to protest, for what the maid said was perfectly true of course. Slipping off Falada’s back, the princess approached the lake’s edges, bent over the sparkling waters, and drank.
‘Oh, heaven!’ she sighed gratefully as the cool waters slaked her thirst.
Hearing this, the lock of her mother’s hair admonished her.
‘If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
‘Oh, heaven!’ the princess now gasped in horror. ‘What am I to do?’
But there was no answer from the lock of hair, for in bending low, the princess had loosened its place against her bosom; and it slipped out from the top of her dress, tumbling into the swiftly swirling waters of the lake.
And in her anxiety, the princess never even noticed her loss.


*


By the time the pair had reached the river forming the border between the two kingdoms, the princess was thirsty once again.
‘Please get down and bring me a drink in my gold cup,’ the princess exhaustedly asked her maid.
‘You’ve already shown you’re perfectly capable of dismounting and drinking directly from the streaming waters,’ the maid pointed out jadedly.
Once again compelled by her thirst to get down off Falada’s back, the princess bent down over the tumbling waters and gratefully took the cool waters into her parched mouth.
‘Oh, heaven!’ she sighed blissfully.
Hearing this, the three drops of her mother’s blood admonished her.
‘If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
‘Oh, heaven!’ the princess exclaimed. ‘What am I to do?’
But there was no answer from the three drops of blood, for in leaning right over the water, the princess had loosened the rag’s place against her bosom. Falling out of the top of her dress, it was lost in the river, floating off downstream.
In her anxiety, the princess never even noticed her loss.
But the maid missed nothing.
She watched all this with delight, just as she had when the princess had foolishly and carelessly lost her mother’s lock of hair.
For in losing the drops of blood, the princess had become weak and powerless.


*


The princess was meek.
She failed to question her maid’s rude behaviour, quietly mounting her horse without demur. 
As the day was hot, she was soon suffering the most uncomfortable thirst once more. And so, as their mounts leapt over the flowing waters of a small stream, she turned to her maid.
‘If you please, may I ask you to fetch me some water in my cup?’
‘Must I do everything for you?’ the maid exasperatedly replied. ‘Get down off Falada and let me take care of her!’
The princess was so parched she did as she was told. 
‘Oh, heaven!’ she sighed as she took in the stream’s cooling waters.
‘If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
‘Oh, heaven! What am I to do?’ the princess wailed, wondering who’d admonished her this time.
When she risen up and turned away from the water’s edge, she saw that her maid was now mounted upon Falada.
‘You can ride my beast,’ the maid said haughtily. ‘I don’t mean to be anyone’s servant any longer.’


*


‘How unseemly this must look to everyone,’ the maid said as they rode on. ‘Here I am upon a fine horse, yet you’re the one in fine robes!’
Unpacking a more suitable dress for the maid, the princess was rewarded with more practical clothing to wear, for the smaller stature of her mount had caused her own robes to drag in the mud.
‘Oh, heaven! We must never let Mother know of this!’ the princess howled in shame. 
‘Then swear by heaven you’ll not say a word about the matter!’ the maid cunningly replied.
And so the princess naively agreed. 


*


There was a great deal of rejoicing throughput the palace when their future queen finally arrived in the courtyard.
She looked so resplendent, too, riding her fine horse, and wearing her fine robes!
Eagerly springing forward to greet her, the king lifted his bride-to-be down off Falada, then led her upstairs to the royal chamber.
The poor princess was left standing all alone in the courtyard as everyone left to go back to tasks that couldn’t be delayed any longer. 
Glancing out of the huge windows of the royal chamber, the king saw her standing there, looking so forlorn.
‘That poor maid you brought with you looks like her heart could surely break in two,’ he said curiously to the queen-to-be.
‘Oh, heaven – her!’ the new princess sighed dismissively. ‘If her poor mother only knew how idle she can be; she has to be told how to do even the simplest things!’
So the poor girl was placed in charge of the geese.
Not that her new role was completely devoid of advantages.
Why, from then on she was often seen lying amongst her flock at the edges of the pond.
Slaking her thirst with the cooling waters. 


*


Chapter 13

So; she doesn’t marry the prince!
Here it is; set down, in the written word.
I was wrong; I’ve been wrong all along!
But then, so was Cook!
There’s nothing here about the goose girl dying – wasting away, as the cook had it!
Though, admittedly…if the poor girl’s going to be a goose girl for the rest of her life, well, that’s going to be her fate at some point I suppose.
My fate too, unfortunately!
But…how did I just read that story?
I can read after all!
Jenny was wrong!
As was Cook!
Well, yes – and me too, of course!
We’re all wrong!
Maybe, when I came here with the princess, I was more than just a goose girl – what else would explain my ability to read?
I could have been a maid-in-waiting.
It would make far more sense that she came here with a maid-in-waiting rather than a goose girl, wouldn’t it?
So…why did I end up as a goose girl?
Did I do something wrong?
Was I punished?
I really, really can’t remember a single thing about my life; not even the first days when I’d first arrived in the very edges of this kingdom with the princess!
She’s the only one who can answer all these questions I have.
She must know who I originally was, and why I ended up as the goose girl!
I have ask her.
Not that the queen is someone a goose girl can just walk up to and demand answers.


*


Chapter 14

It’s so tempting, I’ve got to confess, to take the story of the goose girl as a history of my own life.
Could I have been the foolish princess who so tamely went along with every demand made of her by her maid?
There’s one unassailable fact that definitely says no; it’s all just wishful thinking.
I mean, you’d be hard pressed to find anyone who’d say I was even slightly pretty.
Whereas the queen, well, everyone agrees that she has to be the most beautiful woman who’s ever graced this earth.
I can remember the day we first arrived at the palace. Who could forget it?
The king was obviously quite overjoyed to see her!
He couldn’t believe his great good fortune.
His bride-to-be matched in every way his idea of the ideal woman.
He was thoroughly enchanted on his very first sight of her!
Which man wouldn’t be?
Everything about the queen is unimaginably beguiling!
She’s so effortlessly graceful in her every action.
So elegant in her poise.
She could have been created to be the perfect queen.
Not that I’m so foolish as to think only a gorgeousness any other woman would understandably envy makes a queen.
She has an intelligence, a wisdom, that anyone could admire.
The king might avoid his library, but the queen, well; as I’ve more or less already said, she’s in there whenever she has any spare time on her hands.
It’s whispered in awe that she’s slowly absorbing every word to be read.
So, she’s no maid, that’s for sure.
Whereas me, I was a goose girl when I arrived in the palace yard – and I’m a goose girl now.
So – why on earth did such a wonderfully refined queen bring her goose girl with her?


*


Oh oh!
Jenny’s striding purposefully towards me, her face like thunder, such that she could be bringing a whole mass of storm clouds with her.
She’ll be wanting to know what’s happened to her little potted tree.
She might even accuse me of stealing it.
Though why on earth she’d think I’d need a small tree, I don’t know.
‘I can explain…’ I say hastily, long before I’ve figured out just how I’m going to actually do so.
‘Explain?’ Jenny snorts irately. ‘Yes, yes; I’d definitely appreciate that! How is it a young girl like you – a mere goose girl at that! – comes to be the one sent out on the queen’s errand? How many years have I been here? And how many errands have I been sent into town on at the queen or king’s express wish? None! Absolutely none at all!’
‘An errand? For me? A goose girl?’
‘That’s right! And do you know how many people asked more or less that very same question as the demand was passed down through us all? Everyone; including the Chamberlin himself, I’ll bet, when the queen first told him what she wanted!’
‘What does she want?’ I ask curiously.
‘A rope, a knife, and a millstone! Tasks, I admit,’ she adds huffily, ‘any decent maid would have straight away turned down! But first, you’ve got to pick up a crown being kept in safekeeping in the cathedral!’


*


Chapter 15

It’s such an odd list of things for anyone to be asked to collect; let alone a lowly goose girl.
Even odder is that as I acquire one, it must be used to trade for the next item on the list.
And all the odder still, the crown, the most valuable of them all, is to be traded for nothing more than a length of rope from the town’s port!
As for the rope, knife, and millstone – well, couldn’t they all be picked up for the queen from just about anywhere about the palace or its grounds?
But no, I have to collect them, and from very specific places in town too.
The rope from a ship in the port, newly arrived across the waters.
The knife freshly forged in the blacksmith’s fires.
The millstone from the windmill, where the air is set to work producing our daily bread.
As for the crown – why, isn’t that the most surprising of all?
Shouldn’t something so valuable be collected only by one of the queen’s most trusted servants, and accompanied by a well-armed guard at that?
Perhaps that’s what this is?
A test to see if I’m tempted to try and run off with such a precious object?
Or, maybe, the queen wants me to be robbed on the way back!
If I either lose the crown, or I’m killed by thieves – well, suddenly I’m no longer around to ask questions about the truth of this goose girl story.
She must have seen me reading the story in the library!
But…even if she did, does any of this still make any sense?
I mean, why would she be so concerned about such a trivial thing?
Of what importance is it to her that the correct tale doesn’t come out?
It would still, at the end of the day, be seen as nothing more than just that – a tale, and a fairytale at that.
For who would possibly believe me?


*


The town’s grand cathedral rises up so high amongst all the other buildings that only a fool could fail to miss it.
Besides, its great bells are ringing out, their elated peeling loudly crying out over even the chaotic hubbub of the townspeople’s attempts to sell wares of every kind.
As I dash up the steps leading to the church’s vast entrance, the blistering, hazy glare of the sun appears to bring every one of its many rows of statues and gargoyles briefly to life, such that they each smile benevolently at me.
Stepping inside the large porch, it seems for a moment to be impossibly dark; but then the vast, elaborately carved cavern of the nave abruptly opens up before me, soaring so high that I could have sworn it was breaking free of its own roof.
If it were possible to step into the very midst of a rainbow, surely it would look like this.
Every carving, every sculptured indent and flowing curve of the ascending pillars, is painted the very brightest red, green or blue, with gilding of glittering gold. The waterfall-like windows are similarly brightly toned, and these glow more spectacularly than any plummeting streams, throwing out their own unique mist of flickering, ever-changing tints, as if the space is filled with millions of excitedly airborne fairy folk.
So many shimmering, dancing colours.
So many sparkling glints.
No matter where I look, I’m dazzled at every turn.
So...how am I supposed to find a glittering crown amongst such overpowering brilliance?


*


Chapter 16

I need to find someone who might be able to help me.
But there’s no one around that I can see.
I’m actually surrounded by so many, uncountable people, some wearing gold tinged robes, others working diligently in the fields; yet everyone is made of stone.
There are trees, bushes and flowers, too, of course, and all manner of animal hiding amongst them, or fleeing or chasing yet more creatures; foxes, whales, elaborately entangled serpents.
Most amazing of all, though, is the bird of a supporting roof boss, who flaps her wings vibrantly in the shifting light.
She’s of many colours, rather than one, and she seems at first to be strangely growing in size, until it dawns on me that she’s unhurriedly floating down towards me.
As she flits first through one brightly toned ray of light, and then another, she herself changes, from red, to green, to gold, then blue and red again.
She could be magically ablaze, she looks so wonderful.
This urgent flurry of wings, this flash of magical fires – why, haven’t I seen it all before somewhere?


*


It’s a larger bird; a much larger bird.
A swan, perhaps. Or yes, a goose.
It’s not easy to tell because its all a series of blinding flashes, of frantically pounding wings, of swirling feathers.
Black feathers, too, much much smaller than those of swans or geese.
The feathers of ravens.
It’s all taking place by a river, far from anywhere.
No one must see any of this!
Then, suddenly, from amongst all the chaos, more elegant lines begin to form, to swiftly take shape; and I’m abruptly aware that the queen is proudly standing before me, magically garbed now in luxurious robes of swan feathers, edged with the black tint of crows.
She smiles, amused by my confusion.
She begins to confidently stride towards me.
‘You can ride my beast,’ she says haughtily. ‘I don’t mean to be anyone’s servant any longer.’
She reaches out to me, her arm sleeved with the most glossy white feathers, still flickering with the residue of magical flames. 
Then she’s gone, thankfully; and the descending bird is lightly landing on my shoulder.
I see now that’s she’s actually of the purest white. 
A dove.
‘I know what you seek,’ the dove assuredly announces.


*


Chapter 17

‘The crown?’ I reply excitedly to the calmly still dove. ‘You know where it is?’
‘A crown?’ the dove says as if surprised by this revelation. 
She accompanies it with a sound that could be a sweet chuckle.
‘Well, yes, it involves a crown, in its way I suppose. Yet I’d heard from those who’d overheard you in the palace gardens that you were seeking a girl in a tree? A princess betrayed by a maid?’
‘The tale, you mean? The tale the bush told me?’
Out of the corner of my eye, I see her nod in agreement.
‘My tale is part of a longer story, I’ve been led to believe,’ she admits. ‘And so, with your permission, perhaps I should grant my retelling a title more suited to your quest?’


*


Chapter 18

Her Crowning Glory

The son of a king, wishing to see more of the world, decided that he would get a far truer taste of life if he spent most of his life out hunting.
And so as the young prince was making his way through a forest, stopping off at a well to refresh both himself and his horse, he came across a wizened old woman in great affliction, for she was nearly starved with hunger. 
Having absolutely no money about him that he could grant the poor woman, the prince choose instead to share out the food he’d brought with him. The old woman bent to the food laid out before her, such that her dark hood covered her aged face almost entirely, perhaps a blessing in disguise as she greedily scooped up handful after handful of food. And when she had hungrily devoured her share of the prince’s meal, he granted her his portion too, for he realised she had far greater need of it than he did.
As she ate, she thankfully quickly revived, loosing first her overly arched stoop, her stumblingly pained moves, her bent and warped form.
The skin of her hands, too, began to flesh out, to lose its myriad wrinkles, followed by the softening of the curve of her cheeks, the tightening of the sharpness of her chin, the smoothing out of what had been a leathery neck.
She looked up at last to thank the prince for his food. 
But she was no longer old and wizened, but young and beautiful.
And when she happily threw back her hood, the hair that tumbled free was her crowning glory; for it shone as brightly as the sun.


*


The prince, of course, was immediately entranced by the young maiden’s beauty – yet naturally, he was also promptly on his guard: for this could so easily be the trick of a witch hoping to ensnare him with her charms.
She wasn’t the witch, the maiden quickly assured him, seeing the doubt and horror cross his face, and understanding in an instant what he must be thinking: she was the one who’d suffered the curse of a witch envious of her beauty. 
The spell had been broken, for the prince had shown her generosity despite her hideousness, granting her even his last morsel.
The prince thought to lift her up onto his horse, so they could ride back to the palace, yet he saw that she was still weakened, still very delicate and very thin, after her experience. The journey would be slow, long and perhaps uncomfortably painful for her. And he had absolutely no food left to sustain them on such a journey.
He would lift her up into a nearby tree, he suggested, where she could wait for him while he swiftly rode to the nearest hunting lodge. He could bring back a fresh, smoother-riding horse for her, as well as everything they’d need to eat and drink.
She readily agreed and, with the prince’s help, eagerly and easily slipped up into the sheltering leaves of a nearby tree.


*


The prince hadn’t been gone long when the maiden had cause to feel grateful for those veiling leaves.
She heard the hollow clanking of an empty copper pitcher being carelessly carried, along with mumblings of complaint: the sounds of someone making their way towards the well.
It was an old woman, one almost as wizened and ancient as the maiden herself had been only moments ago.
Carefully peering down through the tree’s branches to watch the woman fill her pitcher at the well, it abruptly dawned on the startled maiden that she was in danger of being discovered after all – for her own reflection was blithely staring back at her from the mirrored surface of the still water.


*


As the old maid began to prepare her pitcher, she couldn’t fail to see the beautiful face so clearly rendered in the well’s waters.
She was every bit as startled as the hiding maiden.
‘Why does such a beautiful woman have to come here for water?’ she asked the gorgeous face reflected back at her.
At this point, the poor maiden might have ashamedly revealed herself, for who could blame her for thinking the old woman must be addressing her? But the old woman, who’d never, ever seen her own face before, believed it could only be her own face she was seeing in the mirroring waters.
She’d never realised she was so beautiful! And someone so gorgeous shouldn’t be working as hard as she did!
She threw her pitcher to the ground, hoping to break it. Yet as it was made of copper, it wouldn’t smash so easily.
To reassure herself that she could indeed put aside her life of drudgery, using her beauty to live instead in lazy luxury, she looked once again at her reflection in the still waters.
‘Yes, yes,’ she said happily, seeing the gorgeous face there once more, ‘one so beautiful as you shouldn’t have to fetch her own water!’
Whirling about, she snatched up the pitcher, looking on in distaste at its yellowed sheen, its curving and mottled surface.
When she saw herself here, she saw only an old, ugly hag. No wonder she’d never realised how beautiful she really was!
She tried to break it once again, this time by striking it again and again against the ground.
‘Break, break, can’t you!’ she wailed in frustration, eventually tossing the pitcher completely away in disgust.
And then she heard restrained, muted giggling. 
It came from her own reflection; her own reflection was laughing at her! 


*


The maiden had tried so hard not to laugh, of course.
She thought it unfair, to make fun of someone so unfortunate.
Besides, it would only serve to reveal herself to the old woman.
But the poor woman’s frustrated attempts to smash a pitcher that appeared unbreakable had been too much for her. She couldn’t contain her giggles any longer.
The old woman, realising the laughter wasn’t coming from her own reflection after all, looked up into the tree’s branches.
‘I’m sorry,’ the maiden apologised, ‘I shouldn’t laugh.’
‘Indeed you shouldn’t,’ the old woman answered, adding in a tone that could be both resigned and admonishing, ‘But then, why should one as beautiful as you have a care in the world?’


*


Despite the woman’s pleas, and her own deep sense of contrition, the maiden refused to step down out of the tree, as she thought it best to wait for the prince, as she’d promised him.
‘But why would one as beautiful as you wish to spend your life in a tree?’ the old woman asked curiously.
Realising this was a perfectly fair question, the maiden sorrowfully told the woman her tale. 
‘Then why would one so beautiful wish to meet her prince with her hair all entangled with twigs and leaves?’ the old woman asked with a mystified chuckle.
She waved before her, too, a comb, one that more usually served her for smoothing out flax.
Her hair was indeed a mess, the maiden told herself.
And so she stepped down out of the tree to have her hair combed.


*


When the price arrived back at the well with, as promised, a fresh horse laden with food, he cried out to the maiden in the tree, telling her it was safe for her to come down.
As the prince helped her descend from the tree, however, he saw immediately that his beautiful maiden had transformed back into a ugly hag once more.
‘It’s the curse!’ the old woman wailed miserably. ‘I’m now in turns beautiful one moment, hideous the next!’
It was of no consequence, the shocked prince adamantly declared, attempting to reassure himself every bit as much as her: he’d brought plenty of food. Once she’d had her fill, her beauty would be restored!
But whenever would she have her fill?
No matter how much food the price placed before her, she devoured it all ravenously, her appetite even more insatiable than before.
And still she remained a hideous hag.
Upon the floor, the prince caught sight of a broken comb, one of its long teeth now missing and as gap-toothed as the hag’s smile.
‘Is this yours?’ he asked, handing it over to the old woman.
‘Why, yes, yes,’ she replied as delightfully as she could manage, running it through her dry, tangled hair with absolutely no affect at all. ‘And if you could provide me with one that wasn’t broken, why, my hair would instantly regain its natural smoothness!’
Out of the corner of his eye, the prince caught a flash of gold upon his shoulder. It could have been a thread of the purest gold but, taking it tenderly between his fingers, he saw it was a strand of the beautiful maiden’s hair. 
‘Is this yours?’ he asked doubtfully, holding it out before the old woman.
‘Why, yes, yes,’ she replied as musically as she were able, bringing the combing of her hair to an end as she sought to toss her tangled weave seductively. ‘And if only you could produce more of them, why, your wig makers could ensure my own crowning glory is fully restored!’
As she spoke, a feather of the purest white fluttered down between them, fluttering down from where the maiden had hidden amongst the leaves of the tree.
Eyes widening in shock, the old woman reached out to snatch the feather from the air.
‘Is it yours?’ the prince asked even more doubtfully than before.
‘Why, yes, yes,’ the old woman replied as wistfully as could be, running the soft feather against the withered skin of her cheek. ‘And until my face becomes silky smooth once more, why, I can wear a mask of the softest dove feathers!’


*


A mask of the purest white feathers was made for the bride-to-be.
She also had the royal jeweller create a crowning glory of the finest gold threads, with each delicate strand firmly held in place by combs of lustrous pearl.
Yet whenever these were removed on a night, her previous beauty remained elusive, no matter how much she ate.
Pondering this, the prince rose early one morning to take a strole in the palace gardens. A gardener was already at work there, yet the prince was surprised to see him rise up from the flower bed he was tending as a snow-white dove tamely landed on the top of a nearby wall.
It seemed to the curious prince that the dove was somehow speaking to the gardener, for the man shook his head dismissively then, without making any attempt at a reply, shooed the dove away.
As he bent to his work once more, the gardener saw the watching prince for the first time, and briefly appeared embarrassed that he’d been caught talking to the dove.
The prince demanded an explanation.
‘She comes every day now,’ the gardener replied fearfully, having admitted that he was blessed with the ability to converse with certain creatures, ‘but she only ever asks me more or less the very same question: “Gardener of my own garden, how does the prince get on with his false-faced bride?”‘
As the prince frowned in puzzlement, the gardener asked him what his reply to the dove should be.
‘Tell her that I live happily and lead a good life,’ replied the prince. 
And so when the dove returned the next day to ask her question, the gardener was ready with the prince’s reply.
‘Gardener of my own garden, how does the prince fare with his curiously crowned bride?’
‘Why, he told me himself that he lives happily, and leads a good life.’ the gardener assuredly responded.
‘Poor me!’ the dove wailed as if suddenly weeping. ‘For I fly about lost and without aim in life.’


*


Naturally, the prince was more intrigued than ever when the gardener related the latest events involving the milky white dove.
‘A snare must be set,’ the prince adamantly declared, wishing to ask his own questions of this remarkable bird, ‘one made of a red ribbon that will entangle her leg.’
But when the dove returned the next day, asking the same question of the gardener and receiving the very same answer, she easily spotted the red ribbon that had been set out to trap her.
‘A snare of ribbon was never meant for my leg,’ she said with a restrained giggle before flying away.
On hearing that his snare of red ribbon had failed, the prince ordered his gardener to lay out one of silver cords. But once again, although the dove returned for her usual conversation with the gardener, she looked towards the snare laid out for her with a laugh.
‘Snares of silver cord were not made for my leg,’ she chuckled happily as she soared back into the sky.
This time when he heard of the snare’s failure, the prince thought more carefully about the next trap he would set for the dove.


*


‘Gardener of my own garden, how does the prince fare with his horribly heckling bride?’
‘Why, he told me himself that he lives happily, and leads a good life.’ the gardener nonchalantly replied, while anxiously wondering how the poor snare he’d set could possibly work.
There was no snare set for her today, the dove was relieved to see.
There was just the most delicately fine beam of golden sunlight, playing across the top of the wall.
But then, just before it was about to snap about her leg, she realised it was a snare made of a golden hair the prince had previously put away in safekeeping. 
‘Yes, this snare is the one fit for me,’ the dove said, allowing herself to be caught. 


*


When the prince’s bride-to-be overheard the gossip that a cloud-white dove had been caught in the palace garden, she sent word to the prince that the bird must be instantly made into a broth, for this, at last, would make the restoration of her beauty entirely permanent.
Yet despite the future queen’s shrieking protestations that she would remain cursed forever unless her instructions were promptly followed, the prince couldn’t bring himself to kill the beautiful dove. Instead, he fondly took the poor little bird in his hands, caressing it lovingly, delighting in the smoothness of its breast, the glistening silkiness of her head. 
For the first time, he realised that the dove was injured, for a dark spike was deeply embedded in her head. Withdrawing the piercing barb with the utmost tenderness, he was surprised to find himself holding the long tooth of the comb he’d found broken by the tree.
He was no longer holding the dove, however.
She’d slipped from his hands as the tooth was removed, but even as she fluttered towards the ground, she was already transforming, the white feathers becoming the softest flesh, the glistening crown taking on the lustre of tumbling sunlight.


*


The old woman, pretending to caringly smooth the maiden’s hair, had unexpectedly forced the comb so deep into the girl’s flesh that the long tooth had broken clean off.
Yet as she still lay under the influence of a transforming charm, she thankfully hadn’t died but, rather, had become a white dove that had hurriedly flown away out of the hag’s clutches.
Thinking she had nothing to fear anymore, however, the old woman had clambered up into the tree, awaiting the arrival of the prince who would keep her in lazy luxury for the rest of her life.
Some say the old woman fled the kingdom.
Others, however, say her bellyaching complaints can still be heard, for her withered skin was at last stretched smooth to make the drum played at the wedding of the prince and his new queen.


*


Chapter 19

‘Well…I’m not too sure that that’s what I’d call a happy ending!’
To be honest, I’m rather surprised that a dove, of all creatures, has ended her story with such a gory detail. 
‘There are those who say her bones were used to make the steps leading up to the marriage bed–’ 
‘That’s worse, I think! And I must say, I’m quite shocked that you of all people – of all creatures – would be happy with such an ending!’
‘Did I say I was happy with it? Should I have altered things, so you’d be happier–’ 
‘Why no, no! Of course not!’
‘But…isn’t that what, effectively, you’re actually trying to do, in seeking out an alternative version of a tale?’
‘It’s not a happier ending I’m asking for!’ I exasperatedly insist, wondering why I’m having to explain this all over again. ‘It’s just the truth – well, as much truth as you can get in a story anyway! – that I’m after!’
‘You’re after a crown, you said?’ the dove says curiously. ‘Is that why, perhaps, its so important for you to prove the real princess has been substituted by her maid?’
‘I’m not after the queen’s crown!’ I hiss back worriedly, keeping my voice low and abruptly glancing everywhere about me, fearing someone might have overheard us whispering treachery. ‘Well, I mean, yes – it is the queen’s crown: but one she sent me here for, to collect for her!’
‘Ah, I see,’ says the dove suspiciously, looking around the cathedral as if she can’t really see at all why the queen’s crown would be kept here.
There are statues aplenty of kings, queens and princes with crowns of stone. Yet a real crown, of course, must be kept somewhere safe, to prevent it being stolen.
There’s a statue, however, completely different to all the rest.
She’s almost life size, for one thing. For another, she’s almost naked, her modesty – if indeed, she possesses any – protected by little more than the convenient way her tumbling hair of brightest gold has been otherwise haphazardly draped about her.
Seeing me looking on in awe at this most surprising of figures – for every other woman portrayed here is not only fully and demurely dressed, but has her hair suitably covered by a wimple – the dove explains her presence.
‘Lilith, who tempted Adam long before Eve, was said to have hair that was the very first gold.’
Drawing closer, I see that Lilith’s hair isn’t even carved of stone, but has been painstakingly constructed from the very finest threads of gold. 
‘Her crowning glory,’ I add thoughtfully, wondering if, indeed, this could be the crown I’ve been sent to retrieve for the queen.
Rope from a ship, newly arrived across the waters. 
A knife forged in a blacksmith’s fires.
The millstone from a mill that sets air to work.
Water. Fire. Air.
Three of the four elements.
And where does gold come from but the earth?


*


Chapter 20

Poor Lilith is left entirely naked, shorn of her crowning glory, as if punished for her shame.
No wonder her hair tempted Adam: as I catch my reflection in the battered bases of copper pans hanging in the market, in the shining shields of passing men-at-arms, I appear wholly transformed.
For the first time ever, men and women watch as I walk by, the former with wide eyes seeking a source of attraction between us, the latter with the repulsion of narrowed glares.
There’s no better place for me to carry this crown than atop my own head. With nothing to hide it away in, it would surely be seen as a trove worth stealing if I held it in my arms, whereas this way it appears to everyone as if I’ve been blessed with the hair of a princess.
Yes, it really is so wondrously made.
And yet I have to trade it for rope?


*


I have it!
I do know of a rope worthy of a crown of gold!
A rope with three knots in it; which might seem the worst rope of all, of course, but the way I’ve heard it, each knot is a coming together of the streaming winds.
Untie the first knot, and you have a breeze to fill the sails of your ship.
The second knot releases a stiffly strong northerly.
And the third, well that should only be undone under the most abject duress; for it instantly conjures up the fiercest of storms.
In the tale I heard, two sailors were prepared to offer the wizard who’d created such a marvel anything he desired.
That must be the rope I have to trade my crowning glory for!


*


Chapter 21

I have never, ever seen so much rope!
The port might as well be made of it.
It’s everywhere!
Every ship is draped in what could be vast webs of rope, as if they’ve been overrun by a whole host of gigantic spiders. Then there’s rope stringing out from ships to shore, keeping everything in its place, or lifting and hauling up goods from here to there. And just in case anyone needs anymore rope, its coiled up in towering cones all across the quayside.
A rope with three knots in it – well, it could be anywhere around here!
Where am I to start looking first?
‘Over here!’ comes a cry. 


*


I can’t see who’s calling out.
There’s only me looking to see who yelled; everyone else is continuing to go about their task as if it’s of no concern of theirs.
No doubt they’re used to people regularly bellowing out on the dockside.
‘This way!’ the cry rings out once more. ‘I’m over this way!’
No matter how much I look everywhere about me, I can’t see anyone beckoning me with a wave of a raised arm.
That’s if it is me that’s being called, of course. Then again, no one else acts as if they’re expecting to be summoned; no one else even seems aware of the loud yelling.
‘Follow my voice,’ the cry next advises. ‘Look for the ship with the tattered sails!’
Peering over the heads of everyone rushing about me, I look towards where the soaring forest of masts is at its thickest. Most ships have their sails tightly furled, with only those preparing to set out to sea once more having lowered some of the smaller sheets that will provide enough power to gradually draw them clear of the harbour. Naturally, these sails have been repaired, too, in preparation for the long journey ahead.
One ship, however, has suffered such damage to its sails that its crew isn’t even attempting to repair the sheets but, rather, is hacking them clear of the supporting yards. Like redundant, filthy clouds, great expanses of canvas flutter in the air for a brief moment before crashing to the deck, or into the nearby waters of the bay.
The tattered sails.
Waving me over, like so many flags. 


*


‘I couldn’t miss you: I could see hair like that from miles away!’
She looms over me like some great goddess.
A faded goddess.
Her robe, once almost blood red I presume, is as tattered and dulled as the sails of her ship. It only partially covers her tortuously flayed flesh, while her once golden mane of hair only retains the barest traces of gilding, with bleached silvery tints highlighting what could be sea spray or pearls.
She holds what I thought was a ship’s wheel, but it’s actually a spinning wheel, its running thread dropping down between her legs to disappear into a knot in the wood of the hull behind her. 
‘I’m quite envious,’ Holle confesses with a resigned chuckle, ‘for before I journeyed around the world, my own locks were every bit as lustrous as yours!’
Is this why I’m here?
To trade my hair for her rope?
Who’s more likely to have the rope containing the three winds than a ship that’s just arrived back from a trip across every sea?
But…I’ve got to be careful.
She might trick me, give me any old rope; then where would I be?
‘You were expecting me?’ I ask, rather than telling her I’m ready to trade.
‘Naturally!’ she says. ‘My brothers and sister told me to expect you!’
I glance towards the figureheads gracing the prows of the other ships lying nearby. They smile back at me, yet wryly, as if they’re as confused as I am by Holle’s statement.
‘No, no; not these brothers and sisters!’ she warmly chuckles. ‘Those you saw earlier, when you visited the cathedral!’
‘The statues? They spoke to you?’
‘They cry out to me hourly across the rooftops! Pleading with me to take them away with me, to let them share in my adventures across the oceans. Unfortunately, of course, I can’t hope to help them. Where they are, they must stay, until someone believes they’ve served their purpose and are no longer necessary. In spirit, perhaps, they can then accompany me.’
‘But they spoke of me? I mean, if you say you were looking out for me?’
‘They told me of the type of tales you wish to hear; of Fair Margaret, or The Fairy Child. From Arabia, there’s Jubeinah and the Slave, from Africa, The Treacherous Slave Girl. Then there’s the more simply named The Slave: the slave in this case being the princess herself, treated abysmally by her evil aunt. So many threads to pick at! Where could I begin, do you think?’
‘Ah, well, to be honest,’ I reply a touch embarrassed, not wishing to pour cold water on her enthusiasm, ‘I’m actually here running an errand for the queen.’
‘An errand?’
Holle repeats my words scornfully, as if she can’t believe what she’s hearing.
‘I’m sorry” I blurt out hastily, thinking I must have offended her, just when she was preparing to aid me by telling me any tale of my choice too. ‘Normally, yes, I’d love to hear such a story; but the queen’s sent me for rope–’ 
‘For rope?’
She’s more scandalised than ever.
‘Please, please; I didn’t wish to sound so ungrateful–’ 
‘You don’t sound at all ungrateful!’ Holle assures me. ‘It’s the queen’s actions that shock me! Surely being sent to the port for rope is work for a maid!’
‘A palace maid would think it beneath her,’ I confess ashamedly, recalling Jenny’s words once more.
‘Then all the more reason why you should have refused to take on such a lowly task!’
‘I couldn’t turn down a request from Cook, let alone the queen!’ I admit with a laugh I hope veils my shame. ‘I’m set in my station every bit as firmly as your brother and sisters populating the cathedral.’
‘My point exactly,’ Holle confidently declared, while also managing a perplexed frown. ‘Why should a girl who’s led such a pampered life be out here seeking rope – even rope for a royal?’
‘I wouldn’t call a goose girl’s life pampered!’ I snort dismissively.
‘Well neither would I, of course! I’ve witnessed more than anyone how quickly a life of hard work can strip even the hardiest man of his youth. Only the more privileged, like yourself, retain the soft skin they were born with!’
I chuckle as it at last dawns on me where all this confusion must have arisen.
‘I think it’s this hair of mine, isn’t it, that’s persuaded you I was more fortunately born? But it’s entirely false, I’m afraid!’
Taking off my golden threads, waving them so that they sparkle like captured sunlight, I suddenly feel quite miserable.
Have I given away what I’m prepared to trade too early?
‘You forget, I’d already heard from my brothers and sisters how you came about your golden locks,’ Holle reminds me. ‘Whereas the softness of your skin; why, that’s a completely different matter!’
Why she’s so preoccupied with the softness of my skin?
Yes, it’s a milky white, I grant you. Soft too, I’m glad to say. But that’s all down to the nature of my tasks surely; otherwise, like the laundresses, I’d be suffering rash-red hands, or the veined, leathery faces of Cook’s assistants, or the hard-baked flesh of the gardeners.
While I, well…I play with the geese, by the streams.
It’s just like having fun with so many children, really!
‘I’m fortunate in the tasks I’ve been given, that’s all,’ I admit.
‘A goose girl, you say?’ Holle chuckles, like one amused by someone’s naivety. ‘A goose girl wearing a crown fit for a queen! So, at least, that gives me an idea as to which tale I should tell you!’


*


Chapter 22

The Girl with Pearls in her Hair


While her brother was away at sea, a young girl called Keteis would busy herself spinning beside a well, where she believed the sparkling waters formed a connection of sorts between them. She spent so long at her spinning, in fact, that the only company she kept was that of Pectin, her tiny dog. 
Attempting to work even faster than normal one day, Keteis accidentally pricked her finger upon the point of the spindle. She immediately leant over the waters, wishing to wash the blood away before it began to stain her thread; only for the spindle to fall completely free of her hand, and slowly sink out of sight. Reassuring herself that the waters couldn’t be too deep, Keteis leapt into the well, hoping she could catch the spindle before it sank any deeper.
Naturally, the deeper she plunged into the waters, leaving the glittering surface farther and farther behind, the darker it became everywhere about her. Unnaturally, however, the waters were getting warmer, bubbling about her as if being brought to the boil, the globules of trapped air sparkling and bursting, while giving her an unwanted buoyancy that tipped her about, so that her head was uppermost once more.
And then, suddenly, she was walking in the light, across open fields.
She couldn’t understand how this could have happened, of course; but neither could she see her precious spindle. 
So she set off walking across a meadow, until she came upon an oven full of bread. The fires of the oven had helped the loaves rise, of course. But the dough had been left in for too long, and now the loaves were close to being badly burnt.
The loaves, pointing out they fed everyone who was living, pleaded to be taken out before they were transformed into nothing but uneatable cinders by the unbearably roasting heat.
Seeking out the very baker’s peel that had been used to feed the previously lifeless dough into the flames, Keteis carefully removed every golden-topped loaf.
Setting off walking once more, she next came across a tree burgeoning with apples, each one of which had become more succulently ripe as it bathed in the warmth of the sun. But now they feared they were nearing a point where they would over-ripen, while still on their branches, and eventually go to waste.
The apples, pointing out they fed every inhabitant of this realm, begged to be harvested, before they were baked too long in the sun’s otherwise pleasant warmth.
So climbing up the knotted ropes that hung from the tree’s sturdier limbs, with each knot in each individual rope taking her ever higher, Keteis tenderly plucked every golden apple, even though their numbers seemed endless. As each stem was bared, it seemed to sprout fresh fruit as soon as she even briefly turned away. 
Walking once more, Keteis soon came across a small house, where an old woman who lived there graciously said the girl could stay if she would help with the housework.
But what housework!
It consisted mainly if not wholly of shaking the small house’s seemingly endless array of feather pillows and coverlets, or keeping the briefly flightless geese safe as they moulted, with both tasks sending up a snow storm of white flakes that rose up and up as if rushing to bring their wintery coldness into another realm.
After a time, however, Keteis asked the old woman if she might return home, as her brother would soon be returning from his days at sea aboard the Urd, while poor Pectin would only have been capable of taking care of herself for so long.
Impressed by Keteis’s kindness and hard work, the old woman agreed to escort her back to the world where snow rather than feathers swirled. As they prepared to leave the small house, the old woman presented Keteis with the spindle she’d lost, along with a gift of the comb she’d used to diligently smooth the flax for spinning.
‘Never use another to smooth your hair with,’ the old woman declared, closing the gate between them: and Keteis suddenly found herself by the gate to her own house.


*


That night, Keteis combed her hair using the heckle given to her by the old woman.
As she ran the teeth through her long strands of hair, there was a bright sparkling of light, even in the dim glow of the candle illuminating her impoverished home.
It was the glittering of the most lustrous pearls, streaming from her hair and tumbling to the ground with the tinkling of a light rain.
Gathering up every pearl, she strung them up in bunches. And this she did every night until her brother returned from the sea.
Being, perhaps unusually for a sailor, a gentle soul, Keteis’s brother was overjoyed for his sister rather than suffering either envy or overpowering greed. This was something that should be brought to the attention of the king, he adamantly declared, whose palace lay across the sea.
And so when the boy presented himself at court, holding a string of pearls, he refused the offer of a servant to take them before the king, insisting that he must appear before the throne in person.
As it was obvious to anyone who saw them that the pearls were very precious and rare, the servant agreed and, perhaps more surprising still, so did the king.
‘Where have you been,’ the king asked the boy curiously, ‘to discover such valuable pearls?’
And so the boy told the king of his most remarkable sister, and her magical ability to produce the most beautiful pearls simply by combing her long hair.
Intrigued by this tale, if a touch suspicious that the sailor might be tempted to take him for a fool, the king announced that this girl should be brought before him.
If everything the boy had said turned out to be true, the king pronounced, he would take the girl to be his queen.
But naturally, if it were all a lie, the boy would die.
And so the boy happily headed home, telling his sister everything the king had said, leaving out nothing at all; apart, of course, from the part about him being sentenced to death if no pearls fell from her hair. 


*


Wishing to give others a share in her good fortune, Keteis suggested that her young neighbour could accompany her and her brother on the ship taking them to the king’s palace. Pectin would travel with them too, of course, for she could hardly be left all alone in the little house.
The neighbour was astonished when she saw how the comb caused the most amazing pearls to tumble from Keteis’s hair; and she was at once filled with greed and envy, thinking only now of how she might turn all this to her own advantage.
Quite obviously, the magical comb and nothing more was the cause of Keteis’s success in snaring the king as a husband.
Now the neighbour had a heckle of her own, of course; one identical to the one presented to Keteis by the old woman, for it had never, ever been used.
So one day, when Keteis was out on deck talking to her brother, the neighbour took care to switch the combs.


*


That night, as Keteis combed her hair, she wondered if her motions must be wrong, if she wasn’t using the correct level of pressure.
She tried again, altering the angle of the comb slightly,
And again, using her other hand.
Still no pearls fell from her hair.
Instead, tears tumbled from her eyes.
How embarrassing it would be when she was presented before the king, and the pearls promised him were nowhere to be seen.
Of course, she had no idea that her bother would fare even worse, for he would be sentenced to death.
Even so, she realised she must warn him of the problems she was suffering with the comb, for she’d noticed his growing anxiety as they’d drawn ever closer to the king’s palace, as if he’d feared this very thing.
She would have to pick her moment well, she told herself, or she would only cause his apprehensions to become even worse. And so when her neighbour approached her, having heard the sounds of sobbing, and asked what the matter might be, Keteis innocently enquired:
‘Tell me, how is my brother today?’
Now although Keteis’s brother hadn’t told her of the death sentence hanging over him – for he’d no wish to cause her any anxiety whatsoever – he’d confided his fears to their neighbour one night when she’d caught him on deck fretting over the possibility of anything going wrong.
She answered Keteis’s innocent question with all the feigned innocence she could muster, pretending to be completely unaware that the poor girl knew nothing of her brother’s secret.
‘He’s daily expecting to be sent to his execution; and today we’re just three days from landing!’
Keteis gasped in horror, clutching hard at the comb in her hand.
‘Execution? Why on earth would he be executed?’ 
‘Why, because...oh, I’m sorry!’ The neighbour feigned her own horrified gasp. ‘Didn’t you know?’
‘Didn’t I know what?’ 
She clutched the comb so tightly now that it drew blood from her flesh.
‘Oh, he’s worrying over nothing, of course!’ the neighbour declared, feigning gaiety. ‘It’s only if your comb fails to draw pearls from your hair!’
Keteis dropped the comb to the floor with a heart-stopping clatter.
How could she live with herself if she were the one responsible for her brother’s death?


*


When Keteis picked up the comb the following night, she grasped it nervously.
Would it work once again tonight after all?
Had the comb, as her brother had suggested, simply failed to work the previous night because she hadn’t held it correctly?
Had it simply been a certain night of the month when it’s magic was mysteriously curtailed?
Of course, she’d had to confess to him that the comb had failed to create its usual waterfall of pearls. And, of course, she couldn’t fail to notice the deep creases of anguish that abruptly fell across his face.
She couldn’t live with herself if she were the one responsible for his death, she’d sobbed.
She sobbed once more as the comb failed yet again to work its magic.

*

‘Here, let me comb your hair.’
Hearing Keteis weeping, her neighbour approached as if concerned and wishing to help.
Keteis couldn’t see any harm in letting someone else use the comb on her hair: perhaps, after all, it simply required a different application of pressure.
No pearls fell from her hair, however, no matter how tenderly her neighbour ran the teeth through her long strands.
‘Tell me, how is my brother today?’
Keteis hadn’t seen him since they’d last spoken, when she’d admitted that she knew of his foolish acceptance of the king’s stipulations. She feared he’d put on his air of cheery nonchalance when they’d spoken, as it would be so like him to try and spare her any unnecessary anguish. 
‘He’s daily expecting to be sent to his execution,’ her neighbour replied casually, ‘and today we’re just two days from landing!’
Keteis wept. 
But not a single pearl fell.


*


On the last night before they would arrive at the king’s palace, Keteis asked her neighbour to comb her hair for her.
As she’d feared, the comb no longer drew pearls from her hair, not even from a single strand.
‘Tell me, how is my brother today?’
‘He’s daily expecting to be sent to his execution; and today we’re just one day from landing!’
Just one day from landing.
One day, thought Keteis miserably, from her brother’s execution.
One day, thought her neighbour, left for me to act.
And so, conjuring up all the force she could muster, she pushed down hard on the comb, forcing a long tooth deep into poor Keteis’s scalp.


*


When Keteis’s brother found her lying dead upon the floor, he could only think that she must have sacrificed herself in the false hope that she might spare him.
After all, how could he forget what she’d said to him?
How could she live with herself if she were the one responsible for her brother’s death?
As was the custom at sea, her body was committed to the waves. And almost as soon as it was claimed by the waters, the cunning murderess approached the wretched brother as if concerned and wishing to help.


*


‘Who’s to know that I’m not your sister?’ the neighbour conspiratorially whispered.
Keteis’s brother agreed that the king would be none the wiser if she were presented at court as his sister. Yet he would still be fated to die anyway, as the comb was no longer working its magic.
‘Perhaps it wasn’t the comb,’ the girl slyly suggested, producing the real comb now that she’d thrown the broken one overboard, ‘perhaps her coming marriage to the king had turned her head, made her vain: and so the magic had stopped working for her.’
She ran the comb through her own long locks; and with every stroke, the comb worked its magic.
In no time at all, the girl’s hair was entirely covered in a dark, sticky pitch.


*


Washing pitch from hair is a difficult task, requiring numerous, painful washes.
And yet it was a far easier task for the young girl than persuading Keteis’s brother that the comb would work its magic once they were presented before the king.
‘The pitch is proof,’ she assured him again and again, ‘that the comb’s been simply tainted by this cursed ship; for isn’t it awash with this very same pitch, used as waterproofing?’ 
In the end, of course, he had no choice but to accept her reassurances: for the king had heard of the ship’s arrival in port, and had sent down a retinue to greet his future queen.


*


As the Verdandi had entered the harbour, another boat, Skuld, was setting out to sea with its net already prepared to reel in the day’s catch. A man of the far north and of great strength, the fisherman threw out his net to a truly impressive distance, hauling it in on his own with barely a struggle as soon as he felt the first tugs of a large catch.
But what a catch! 
Amongst the silvery flesh of the lesser fish was one as large as a man, and of the purest white!
Yet as he continued to haul his prize aboard, the sailor’s heart jumped all the more with excitement.
For it wasn’t a fish at all that he’d caught, but the most beautiful mermaid!
She was still, as if dead, but she could be feigning this in the false hope that he’d let her go. For even if she was indeed lifeless, he could still make money putting her on display. 
At last, he landed his haul with a crash upon his deck. And amongst that squirming chaos of thrashing fish, the dislodged tooth of a comb was quite naturally lost. 
Suddenly, Keteis was abruptly aware once again that she was alive.


*


Despite her return to consciousness, Keteis naturally remained unaware that the sailor lived only a short distance from where her bother had landed earlier. And so, wishing to make amends to the man who’d saved her, she agreed to tend his house in return for being able to stay there.
She didn’t see any point in attempting to explain how she’d ended up in the sea other than saying she must have fallen overboard, for she realised it would come across as being the most fanciful tale.
As she worked in the hovel’s small, high walled garden, however, she was surprised to see her little dog Pectin passing by the wrought iron gate.
‘Pectin,’ she cried out excitedly. ‘Tell me, how is my brother today?’
‘He’s daily expecting to be sent to his execution,’ Pectin replied miserably. ‘And today is the first day the town crier publishes it.’
Gasping in horror, Keteis rushed towards the gate; only to find it was firmly locked.
The fisherman had no wish to lose the wondrous gift the sea had granted him.


*


When the sailor returned, Keteis at last told him everything about the magical comb and her brother’s plight, thinking he would be sure to help her.
Instead, the fisherman locked her in the house. 
As she worked in the small hovel’s kitchen, however, she was glad to see her little dog Pectin passing by her window.
‘Pectin, tell me, how is my brother today?’
‘Today the crier publishes his sentence of death for the second time!’ the dog morosely informed her.
When the sailor retuned one more, he confirmed everything Pectin had said: for instead of setting out to sea that day, the fisherman had lingered about the palace in the hope of finding out if Keteis’s own tale could be true.
As if concerned and wishing to help, the fisherman told her of her brother’s treachery: for he’d presented the neighbour to the king, saying she was his sister. 
And so when the comb had failed to work, causing nothing but toads to leap from the girl’s mouth every time she’d tried to speak, the king had ordered the boy’s execution.
Keteis wept bitterly once more.
And the strong-minded sailor left her to her sobbing, telling her she should forget a brother who’d acted so treacherously against her.


*


Now Keteis’s unnatural conversations with her dog Pectin hadn’t gone unnoticed by a curious neighbour of the sailor’s.
He wished, of course, that he might in some way share the good fortune granted the fisherman in this wondrous catch of a beautiful, hardworking and obedient sea witch. And so, as if concerned and wishing to help, he approached the king’s servants, and let them know of this strange girl’s connection with one of the royal prisoners.
The king, quite naturally, in light of the deception he felt he’d already suffered, wished to hear this conversation between dog and girl for himself.
‘Pectin, tell me, how is my brother today?’ Keteis unhappily asked as the dog passed beneath the window of the upper room the fisherman had locked her in.
‘Today the execution is published for the last time!’ Pectin announced sadly.
This, then, was the boy’s real sister, the king realised.
In which case the magical comb might still grant him all the pearls he desired after all!


*


As soon as she learned that Keteis had been found alive, the wily neighbour began to pack her bags.
And when she heard that Keteis would be married to the king, for the comb had produced pearl after pearl as her hair was smoothed, the neighbour fled back across the sea.
Making her way towards the well, she threw a perfectly good, perfectly unused spindle into its waters. Then she dived in after it, in the hope she would receive her own magic comb.
Of course, she let the bread burn to cinders.
Of course, too, she allowed the apples to over-ripen on their branches.
At the old woman’s house, the pillows and covers remained unshaken.
At last, the old woman had had her fill of her.
She escorted the girl to her gate. And, as a parting gift, she granted the girl a magical comb.
And whether the girl chose to use the comb or not, it would ensure that her hair always shone with the sparkling brightness of freshly heated pitch.


*


Chapter 23

‘A knotted rope; the story mentioned a knotted rope!’
Holle is obliviously puzzled by my elated cry.
‘And what use would a queen find for a knotted rope?’ she laughs. ‘Besides, it was a relatively minor point of my story, wasn’t it?’
‘But don’t you think it’s more than a coincidence? That I come here seeking a knotted rope, and you mention one in the story you tell me?’
‘You were seeking a knotted rope?’
‘Well, no, no; not really, I suppose!’ I admit. ‘But I mean. I was sort of thinking about my errand on the way here, and I recalled another tale about two sailors and a wizard–’ 
‘Ah, yes; the rope of knotted winds?’
‘You know of it?’ I ask hopefully.
‘I’ve heard of it,’ Holle corrects me with an amused chuckle. ‘And that’s all it is, I believe; nothing more than an interesting tale.’
‘Yet it makes some sense, don’t you think?’ I persist, if already a touch disappointed that she obviously doesn’t have the rope controlling the three winds. ‘If you have a stream of flowing threads, whether of winds or rivers, or yes, those in a rope, then isn’t a knot a blockage in that flow; a place where it all comes together to form, well, something different, something more solid and substantial – like a whirlpool, say, or a whirlwind?’
‘It would make far, far more sense to me,’ Holle guffaws, ‘if we’re talking of the streams of life, coming together here and there to become the life of a gentle souled sailor, a strong-minded fisherman of the North, or the kind who’d rather whip up a storm, bringing ill to everyone rather than suffer as an individual.’
My growing disappoint must be clear to her, for she gives me a concerned and understanding smile.
‘Now take a look at me, for instance,’ she says, setting her spinning wheel in motion. ‘You’d be surprised just how many lives are tied up in my success or failures.’
As the wheel spins, gathering speed, it at once it becomes fortune’s wheel, revealing so many, many stories, every one true and real.
‘A stormy trip, a bad trade, why that results in a whole host of connected businesses seeing drops in profit, in impoverished, even mournful families. A good trade, now that’s cause for celebrations: and houses lost on the horses, or men drinking more than their poor bodies can take.’ 
Threads plucked from the air stream towards the wheel, entwining as they’re caught up in the spinning motion – even though, of course, this is far from being the way an actual spinning wheel works – the resulting strand rapidly thickening but also, unfortunately, as the whirling becomes ever faster, regularly knotting; and the rope quivers, as lively as an umbilical cord, as it vanishes into the dark hole pierced into the hellish darkness of Holle’s hull.
And, somehow caught up in a knot, I’m abruptly whisked up into her cavernous interior too.


*


It’s not her hull.
It’s far too vast to be that.
Not that it’s that easy to tell just how far it extends in each direction, because it’s so dark in here. Yet in what little light there is, I catch the glittering edges of wet coils stretching off, serpent-like, way into the distance. Albeit this is a serpent whose snaking body has been knotted multiple times, with entanglements tied upon entanglements tied upon other entanglements, groupings that could be families in their hierarchy of sizes. 
Water swirls everywhere, quite chaotic in its motions, as if alive, perhaps given life by the motions of Holle against the waves of the outer sea.
All life, and all death, is here.
‘Such fearfully treated souls.’
Holle’s voice echoes hollowly. I can hear what could well be the beating of her heart too, the sounds, I’ve heard, of the womb.
‘Exiting the world drained of all energy, they rest here awaiting their reseeding.’
Am I to be held here too until I’m ready for my ‘reseeding’?
As if aware of my thoughts, Holle speaks to me kindly.
‘This, I’m sure, is the only twine worthy of a royal crown.’


*


Chapter 24

‘I couldn’t hope to carry this!
I sigh miserably as I contemplate the task facing me. The thickly knotted rope stretches everywhere and endlessly about me. And still, as Holle’s wheel continues to whirl, it grows ever longer, ever more cumbersome.
‘I might as well be asked to place an entire realm upon my back!’
‘Then lead; and where you lead, they will follow,’ Holle reassures me. ‘Isn’t that the whole purpose of wielding a crown? You persuade one, who persuades another, and so on.’
‘Persuade?’ I chuckle grimly. ‘How do I begin to persuade nothing but a string of–’ 
‘You begin by taking in hand the one closest to you, surely?’
With the shriek of severing threads, the swiftly entwining rope rushing by just above my head splits. The bared end drops, plummeting down towards me. Instinctively, I reach up, catch it; and I’m holding a freshly tied knot, the last of its kind, finally sealing off the throbbing cord. 
Yet does that really make it the last knot? Or is it, more hopefully, the first in a long line yet to follow on from it?
With a smooth parting of Holle’s limbs, the gash opening up onto the world widens; and I step back out onto the quayside.


*


Holle doesn’t claim her payment of the crown of golden hair.
She lets me continue to wear it, perhaps because she feels it grants me the authority to pass through the town, bringing up behind me my retinue of roped-together knots.
All of life goes on everywhere else about me as if the thronging people see me as performing a task no different to theirs. As if dragging along an apparently never-needing rope is something these people see every day. 
Then again, all of life is entwined in these innumerable threads, if I’ve heard Holle correctly.
Although, looking back on this great length of knotted rope, it’s of no use to anyone, as far as I can see.
It’s just going to take up a vast amount of space in the home or business of whoever’s foolish enough to take it off my hands.
Which, I presume, is going to have to be the blacksmith, as I have to somehow figure out a way of trading it all for a freshly forged knife.


*


Chapter 25

The rhythmic clanging of metal being beaten into shape on the anvil has a church bell ring to it, a kind of calling of the faithful who still subscribe to the belief that a magical transformation is taking place.
The most useless of rock, rock that can’t even be carved, or can’t be trusted to be a part of a castle wall, due to its impurities, is forced to denude itself of other, harder earthly substances.
Then those metals are softened in the fires, mingled, a forced enjoining of smaller portions to create more usable amounts. Then, given life, a more fluid, quickened existence, and made entirely malleable, it’s all granted entirely new forms.
And the way some blacksmiths work with those ingredients creates a sword, or a shield, or a helmet. And some of these new creations, rising above all others, in strength, in durability, thereby grant a warrior with what could be a charmed life in battle.
Such a blacksmith can charge the earth for his wares.
But all I have to offer is mile upon mile of hopelessly knotted rope.


*


The bloody glow of the forge’s flames rises up in a flickering sheen on nearby buildings as if they’ve also been set aflame. There’s smoke too, both thickly black and mist-like, as if I’m approaching an abode of dragons. These dragons hiss, too, with the sound of the blacksmith quenching his heated metals in vats of irately complaining water.
Closer still, the heat first begins to bathe then strike hard at my skin, particularly when I can at last see the excited dance of the fires themselves.
‘How much for your hair of gold?’
Ah; perhaps continuing to wear my hair wasn’t such a good idea after all.


*


Chapter 26

The blacksmith isn’t here.
Or, at least, he’s here, but disappearing into the back of the forge.
So he wasn’t the one who spoke, obviously.
Someone – or, perhaps, in light of whom I find myself conversing with these days, something – else has laid a claim to my golden hair.
There’s a cackling from the flames.
‘You’re surprised, aren’t you, that I can tell it really is of gold? It’s a wondrous creation, I grant; it would fool anyone but an expert into believing it really is your hair.’
‘It’s not for sale,’ I reply stiffly to the flames, each one snapping like a gossipy tongue. Then, resignedly, I confess, ‘I’m here to offer you this rope.’
‘Rope?’
Each flame seems to chuckle merrily, as if each one is amused that I’ve come here with such a poor offering.
‘Ah, but it’s no ordinary rope!’
Perhaps it should have been me making this highly bold claim. But it isn’t.
It’s yet another voice.
This time coming from the water butt.
‘No ordinary rope? That’s a pretty bold claim!’ the fire snaps back, voicing my own thoughts.
‘Before I was dragged here from my cosy bed in the stream, my sisters of the sea whispered to me of this young girl’s dealings with Holle.’
The water ripples delicately as she speaks. Her earlier anger at being so sorely used to cool the heated iron has obviously dissipated.
‘Rope from Holle?’
The fire abruptly appears remarkably interested in my rope. 
The flames soar a good deal higher, as if they’re each seeking to peer over my shoulder by leaping up onto each other’s back. All this, just so they can look towards the long line of knots following on behind me.
‘Ah, yes, yes,’ they hiss excitedly, ‘you should have said: rope from Holle is a completely different matter!’


*


‘Then…’ I begin hesitantly, staring hopefully at the gleefully cavorting flames, ‘you’ll take my rope for a freshly forged knife?’
‘Of course!’
They leap at the chance.
‘That’s all you want for…why, yes, yes!’ 
They shriek with wild laughter.
Maybe I should have struck a harder bargain.
What on earth can it be that makes this rope so important to the fire?
I could ask, of course, but not without bringing attention to my own belief that the rope appears absolutely worthless.
‘So,’ I say far more guardedly, ‘may I ask what you intended to do with it? I mean, there’s just so much of it!
‘So much?’ The flames lick hungrily at the air. ‘Then we can feed for days on end!’
‘Feed?’ I repeat in horror, although I’m not quite sure why; didn’t I, only moments ago, think I’d brought along nothing much more than useless rope? ‘You’re going to eat it?’
‘Naturally!’ the water chuckles in her butt. ‘What else do you think they’d be doing with it?’
I wasn’t expecting this.
Holle has looked after this rope for so long; and now I’ll be callously feeding it all into the flames!
‘But the knots...’ I point out unsurely, now bizarrely hoping that I can persuade the flames to change its mind about greedily devouring the rope. ‘And it’s so, so wet: so cold! It won’t burn anyway, I’m sure!’
‘The knots are of prime importance!’ the water assures me.
‘And if they weren’t wet and cold; why, then, would we be needed?’ the flames add every bit as confidently.
‘All this...well, it doesn’t make sense to me at all!’ I finally admit with an anguished wail. ‘Why, after lying in Holle’s belly for so long, must they now all be transformed into nothing but ash?’
Now I come to think more deeply on it, hadn’t Holle implied – yes, as crazily as it might sound – that each knot was an individual scream of birth (or was it death) in the flow of the world? 
Each knot a whirlpool of the individual in the streams of life?
Does that make each the equivalent of a soul? A captured soul, maybe? Or a resting one?
And now, after all that time waiting in Holle’s bowels – for what, I wonder? – I’m expected to simply commit them all to the flames?
The flames crackle with laughter once more.
‘Why, we see it more as a...worthwhile transformation!’
‘Creating something new from that which was old and discarded!’ other flames snap happily, as if, like a choir, each row now has its own particular lines to sing.
‘She doubts you; she fears you...’ the water explains to the fire. 
‘Fire destroys everything it touches...’ I hesitantly begin, fading to a close as I realise I’m confessing that she’s right.
‘Yet you want a knife we’ve created?’ the flames point out, sounding unsure in their sudden confusion.
‘Iron bends to our will, to become something other!’ more flames exclaim more confidently.
‘Iron which has the power to see off any demonic malpractice, or witchcraft!’ a third wave of flames sing out.
‘And the knife you seek; that gives you extra protection!’ the water declares in firm agreement with the flames.
‘Under the threat that it can take a life,’ I say defensively.
‘Or make a sacrifice, conjuring up the good will of a god or goddess.’
‘Or read the entrails, forewarning you of what lies ahead!’
‘And surely you’ve heard of the blades that whisper, the swords that sing?’
‘The bells that call!’
‘The shields that ring!
‘The rings that bring people together!’
‘The plough that turns aside the soil!’
I must look a touch bewildered by all this talk of flames granting the materials a spirit it had previously lacked. For, suddenly, the water brings the elated cries of the flames to a halt, like a mother stilling overexcited children.
‘We need to explain, I think!’ she declares firmly. ‘I need to explain,’ she adds, as if now addressing the flames rather than me, for she immediately continues, ‘for, you see, she also fears she might have suffered a displacement...’
‘How could I fear a displacement?’ I protest. ‘What do you mean?’
‘My sisters; the streams, the rivers, the wells. They all tell me of your unusual interest in tales of maidens denied their rightful role.’
‘I just want to know the truth about a story I’d heard!’ I protest more irately than ever. ‘What could be so wrong with that?’
‘Then there’s a tale we can tell you!’ the flames delightedly crackle. ‘Though – as they’re strange to our tongues – we’ll change the names of the cousins involved; and change its title too, then, as the story itself is named after them! We’ll call it...The Goose Boy!’


*


Chapter 27

The Goose Boy


Even though it was a long time now since he’d seen her, the brother of Nifl was always proudly telling his fellow courtiers in King Muspel’s palace that she was blessed with an incredible beauty. 
And now, according to a letter sent by his mother, she’d also been granted the most amazing gift by some kind of fairy; for whenever she combed her hair, pearls would now stream from each thread, falling to the ground in lustrous clusters.
His mother had sent Nifl to the well to fetch a pitcher of water and, meeting a hungry old woman here, the young girl had unselfishly presented her with the freshly baked loaf she’d brought for her own meal. Impressed by Nifl’s kindness, the old woman had delightedly declared that pearls and garnets would tumble from her locks whenever she combed them
Naturally, on hearing of the brother’s praise for Nifl, King Muspel was intrigued, and happily pronounced that if everything he’d heard about her turned out to be true, why, then he’d be overjoyed to make her his queen.
Nifl immediately penned and sent off a letter of his own, letting his sister know that she must take ship and come to court as soon as possible.


*


Waiting on the dockside, Nifl’s brother was eagerly looking forward to seeing the beautiful sister he’d last seen as a child; yet he almost missed her when she disembarked, for she quite clearly hadn’t retained the natural prettiness she’d been blessed with in her youth.
Never mind, never mind, he reassured himself: when pearls begin to fall from her hair, the king will still fulfil his proclamation to marry her.
Then again, he thought anxiously, if his mother had failed to inform of Nifl’s quite obvious loss of her beauty, then what else had she got wrong in her letters?
‘Did mother send you to the well?’ he worriedly asked his sister.
‘Why yes, of course,’ the girl replied gaily. ‘She’s always sending me there for a pitcher of water!’
‘But did you, one day, meet a hungry old woman there?’
‘Why yes; and she asked me if she might share the loaf mother had cooked for me!’
Nifl’s brother sighed with relief; but only for a moment, as his sister gaily continued:
‘“Do you think I’ve got nothing to do but give you loaf?” I asked her. “Charity begins at home!” I said.’
‘But…then, what did the old woman do?’ Nifl’s brother anxiously asked.
‘What could she do?’ Nifl replied haughtily. ‘I ate the loaf right before her! Oh yes; her mouth watered as she watched the last morsel disappear. And she raged on and on a bit too – but all to no purpose, naturally!’
The poor boy’s hopes for a most advantageous marriage for his sister – and, of course, a subsequent advancement at court for himself – vanished in an instant.
Why had his mother lied in the letters she’d sent to him?
His best course of action now, he swiftly realised, was to instantly turn Nifl about, sending her back home on the very same ship. But even as he tried to work out the words he’d need to persuade his sister to return home, King Muspel arrived at the dockyard in a great blaze of fanfare, for many were eager to see the renowned beauty of the royal bride-to-be.
It was plain to Nifl’s brother that the king was disappointed by his first sight of his future queen. In fact, the king was looking on in particular dismay and distaste at Nifl’s overly tangled hair, for it was quite obviously uncared for, let alone regularly combed.
‘My sister has ensured her many bounties are reserved only for his majesty!’ the boy hastily declared, exchanging a glance with his sister he hoped would be taken as a hint that she should begin combing her hair.
She simply smiled coyly, and a little inanely at that too.
‘Perhaps the lady doesn’t have a comb about her person at present?’ the king suggested, indicating to a nearby lady of the court that she should loan her comb to the somewhat dishevelled girl.
Nifl took the comb as if she’d never seen one before in her entire life. At least she appeared puzzled, as if completely unsure what everyone was expecting her to do with it.
At last, still smiling nervously, she began to try to force the comb through her thoroughly entwined locks. 
And instantly, every thread began to pour forth streams of the brightest fresh pitch.


*



Nifl’s brother despaired as he drove the geese before him into the fields.
What an absolutely miserable existence he now led!
His sister had been sent straight back home by the furious king. While he’d been relegated to being nothing but an impoverished goose boy!
Naturally, he couldn’t care anything for his charges. He let them wander off wherever they chose, even towards the seashore if they wished, while he retired to a little straw shed where he could feel sorry for himself until it was time to return to his hovel of a home.
Despite the boy’s scandalous lack of responsibility for the wellbeing of his geese, each bird began to strangely prosper, such that their feathers glistened as white as any swan’s, while they put on weight as readily as the most tenderly fed creatures.
Of course, the other goose herders were incensed by the boy’s success in rearing such a fine flock, especially as it was well known that he had no previous experience of tending for animals.
What was his secret?
Why wouldn’t he share it with them?
And so, one day, another goose boy decided he would discover the secret for himself, by following Nifl’s brother out into the fields.


*


The secret, it seemed to be, was to not give a fig about your geese!
Nifl’s brother simply turned his flock out into the field, then lazily returned to a straw hut, letting the geese wander dangerously close to the seashore.
Here, strangely, the geese remained close together, as if patiently waiting for something to happen; but, fortunately, they didn’t have to wait long.
As the waves rushing towards the beach parted, the most beautiful girl rose up from between them.
Immediately, the geese rushed forwards, flocking about her like so many excited children. And she, like a gracious mother, began to call to each of them tenderly, as if she knew them by name. She fed them too, and with some form of loaf they eagerly swallowed.
Then as the geese played happily amongst themselves, the girl sat by the edge of the waters, weeping quietly as she combed her hair.
And as she combed her hair, the most lustrous pearls fell to the ground with every smooth stroke.


*


The goose boy who’d seen all this determined that the king must hear of it at once.
Of course, he’d lingered by the sea shore, in the hope that when the girl returned to the sea she’d leave behind the pearls that had tumbled from her hair; but unfortunately, she’d made sure to collect up every one, as if she feared that leaving behind even a single pearl might alert people to her presence.
If there were no pearls to be had, then at least he’d make sure his successful rival no longer took advantage of the charms of a sea witch!
Now, of course, a goose boy hoping to have audience with a king might as well wish for the moon. But fortunately for him, there were elements of his tale that rang true with enough people at court that his story at last reached the ears of the king.
A beautiful girl who combed pearls from her hair!
A girl, too, who tended the geese of a boy who’d first come up with such a wildly impossible tale!
The king decided that he must see this remarkable girl for himself.


*


So the next morning, it wasn’t an envious goose boy who followed Nifl’s brother out into the fields, but the king.
Like the goose boy, however, he was surprised that the geese were left to aimlessly wander while their herder took himself off to a straw hut. Yet, just as the goose boy had claimed, the geese were unperturbed by this, calmly making their way to the seashore, where they quietly and expectantly waited.
Neither they nor the king had long to wait.
With a rippling of waters, the waves parted.
And the most gorgeous woman the king had ever seen rose up from amongst them.


*


The king was entranced by the girl’s ethereal beauty.
He was charmed, too, by her tenderness for the child-like geese.
And he was entirely bewitched as he watched her gently weep as she combed clusters of pearls from her hair.
Was this Nifl, the beautiful girl he’d heard so much about from her brother?


*


Slipping quietly away from the beach, the king headed back towards the straw hut, waking the morosely slumbering goose boy. 
Almost dragging the bewildered boy back to the sea shore, the king pointed out the sobbing girl, demanding to know if she was his real sister.
Nifl’s brother was amazed.
Yes; this girl was far more like the sister he remembered from his youth!
Without a further word to the king, he happily rushed towards the weeping girl. And when she looked up, she was every bit as astonished as he was, for of course she instantly recognised him.
They embraced blissfully upon the seashore.
And in the hearing of the king, she explained how she’d come to be here.


*


As their mother had declared, Nifl had been granted the gift of combing pearls from her hair by an old woman she’d helped. 
On seeing her good fortune, however, their cousin Puccia had similarly set off towards the well, intending to win her own reward.
Yet far from granting the hungry old woman the loaf she carried, as Nifl had, Puccia rudely turned the woman away, rudely insulting her into the bargain. And so when Puccia had ever combed her hair afterwards, only pitch would flow from it.
Still, she had kindly offered to accompany Nifl on the sea journey to the court of King Muspell, where the already fortunate girl would be made queen. 
But, of course, the envious Puccia had her own reasons for traveling with Nifl: and so, when they were far out at sea, Puccia pushed Nifl into the raging waters, taking the now sorely unfortunate girl’s place. For she bore enough of a family resemblance to pass herself of as the future queen, even when it came to meeting Nifl’s long-unseen brother.
Nifl would have soon drowned, were it not for a sea witch who’d taken the half-dead girl in her arms and carried her off. 
And at first, this sea witch had seemed every bit as kind and caring as the old woman who’d granted Nifl the gift of combing pearls from her hair. 
Yet then, for some unknown reason, the witch’s attitude had changed; and she’d ensured Nifl could never fully return to her own world, enchaining her with an unbreakable cord stretching all the way back into the undersea kingdom.


*


As he heard all this, the king saw the knotted rope leading back from Nifl’s ankle back into the sea. Yet his heart nevertheless leapt in excitement; for he possessed a knife the like of no other, for its blade had been hardened and sharped by the most magically skilled smiths.
Nifl was startled when she first saw the man stepping out from behind the rocks, particularly as he was brandishing a knife. But her brother soon reassured her that there was nothing to fear, as he was their king. 
Quickly explaining how he hoped to help free her, the king set to sawing at the rope – only to rapidly become frustrated, for any threads he managed to sever instantly repaired themselves, as if they were a part of a miraculously living creature.
‘Nothing can break it,’ Nifl assured him sadly. ‘I’ve tried everything I can!’
Seeing the strain and agony upon her face, the king tenderly wrapped his arms about her, realising he would do anything he could to release this incredibly gorgeous goddess of the sea.
She felt cold, even icy, to his touch; yet he would bring warmth back to her, he resolutely determined, even at the expense of fearfully shivering himself, for he suddenly felt ever so close to death.
‘A fire; we need fire!’ he declared urgently.


*


The king and Nifl’s brother quickly gathered whatever waste wood and branches they could find and, using dried sea moss as kindling, and the sparks created by striking the knife blade against a stone, they soon had a fire going.
It was warming to their tastes, yet no matter how closely Nifl sat by it, she never seemed to lose any of her almost innate coldness.
Worse still, as if it too was possessed by some inborn quality, the rope appeared to shift ever nearer to the flames, forcing the king to regularly kick it away in distaste. He feared it was attempting to douse the fire, drenching the flames in its own icy wetness.
‘No, no,’ Nifl said, holding the king back from disgustedly shoving the rope aside once more, ‘let it come towards the flames; I don’t why, but I really believe there’s a purpose to this.’
So now, instead of pushing the knotted rope away, the king brought it towards the fire, dropping a large grouping of knots amongst the flames.
The damp threads spluttered in the blazing fire, giving rise to a swirling mist that threatened to envelop them all. Yet even in this veiling fog, it was obvious the rope was swiftly burning away, the tightly bound threads at last unravelling.
But then, just as it seemed Niflheim would be freed, another knot had risen up from the sea to take the place of the one still only partially burnt through. In fact, the knots were eagerly almost leaping out of the waves now, each in a rush to be embraced by the sizzling warmth of the fire. 
For three days and three nights, the king and Nifl had to keep the fire going, by searching out wood from wherever it could be found. They couldn’t risk leaving the seashore to fetch help, for they realised that the fire might die, and Nifl would be pulled back into the cold, dark depths once more.
‘The sea witch must have gathered together every last thread lying in the wrecks littering her bed!’ an exhausted and almost thoroughly disheartened king miserably exclaimed.
At last, however, all their hard work and diligence was rewarded, for the very last knot of the rope emerged from the sea to blissfully rush into the flames.
The rope, it seemed, had never even been attached to anything after all. It had purely been its great length and weight that had kept poor Nifl tied to the darkness of the waters.
Shorn of her binding threads, Nifl was free to re-join the world of her brother and their king.
Of course, she married King Muspel, and happily became his queen.
While as for her brother, he no longer had to care for the geese.
Strangely, every single bird had vanished. 
Though the most beautiful children anyone had ever seen, with hair glistening as white as any swan’s feathers, joyfully attended the royal wedding.


*


Chapter 28

‘Why do all this tales assume only beautiful girls can be pure and good hearted?’
‘We only re-told the tale,’ the water resignedly pointed out. ‘Your quarrel lies with whoever first told it, I believe.’
‘Besides,’ the flames added, ‘just how long does a poor, hardworking girl remain beautiful?’ 
‘While even the plainest princess,’ others chimed in, ‘can make the best of what she has, with fine dresses and carefully tussled hair!’
But as they happily chuckled amongst each other, just as they had as they’d gleefully told me their tale, they worked hard at their task. 
They heated the iron for the blade I’d ordered.
They pounded it hard between their hot coals.
They bent it hard back upon itself, then straightened it once more.
The waters rose as an abrupt wave to douse the heat of the iron; then they just as swiftly receded, as the working of the metal continued.
‘Your knife!’ the flames proudly exclaimed, tossing up into the sweltering air a glittering blade.
It shone as smoothly as the waters who’d regularly quenched its thirst for more and more of the energy so freely and willingly shared by the flames.
While its handle, I noticed, comprised a share of the rope I’d at last placed amongst the flames, a binding of the very strongest threads.


*


The wet, cold rope sizzled and spluttered, the steam rising up around us all like sea mist rushing up a beach.
Knot after knot vanished in the flames, every one leaping into the fire as if they desired nothing more than to embrace what, to me, appeared to be nothing but oblivion.
Were they aching to be freed at last from their binding, no matter the consequences?
Throwing off bonds that still tied them to this world?
Was this the only way to be granted release?
Whatever the answer was, it seemed that Holle at least believed that her part of the bargain had been fulfilled. 
As the twining threads rapidly spooled out of her darkness, the strands of gold nestled on my head broke free of their own binding, coiling back at great speed along the rope’s entire length.
What will she look like, I wonder, with hair of sparkling gold?


*


I feel odd, carrying a knife.
It throbs in my hand, as if willing to be used.
Used to splice.
To sever.
To kill.
I’m briefly fooled into believing that, like the rope I’d borne, it possesses its very own form of life.
I can sense the throb of its pulse.
Hear the beat of its pounding heart.
Or is just my own blood, rising to the challenge of restraining an urge to make full use of such an elegant blade?


*


The Mot and Baaleycorn mill, I suppose, must have been named after the simpler form of castle originally built near this site.
Its great sails reach up as if it’s hoping to use the wind to lift itself up high into the heavens, but instead the vast, white wings twirl serenely in a light breeze. It could be a vast spinning wheel, if it weren’t for the languidness of its motion, while the thread spooling out is that of its line of customers.
On one side of the mill, those lining up to purchase flour appear weary and troubled, their backs stooped through a life of toil. Once they exit on the other side, however, their enthusiasm for life has been thankfully reborn; now they’re gleefully contemplating the meals they’ll soon be baking, the delicious cakes they’ll be sharing, the warm loaves they’ll be savouring – and all complemented with mouthfuls of heartening ale and wine too. 
What, then, if the flow of the sails was reversed, in an ill wind? For at present, they appear to push the old in at one side, then churn out the reborn on the other.
It’s all creates a sense of rejuvenating transformation, one that’s not in any way allayed when I enter the mill, for swirling clouds of the finest flour veil the precise points where each person undergoes an apparent rebirth.
And – what of my own transformation?
Wasn’t there a time when I played happily by the river with friends, living a life of uncaring leisure, knowing everything would be provided for me with no need for toil? I could look out over all the land, even as if I’d been borne up onto the very highest tower, and as far as I could see was mine to travel through unhindered.
So how did I end up here; a goose girl?


*


Chapter 29

The pained groaning and wheezing of vast wooden cogs, everywhere interlinked, everywhere soaring and looming above me, send the uppermost stone whirling atop the stilled lower one, as if I’ve stumbled upon the secret of how the heavens spin endlessly about us.
Whom do I talk to to find out if there’s a spare stone to trade?
‘A girl with a knife!’
It’s a frightened murmur amongst the crowd milling about me.
‘A knife to slice a slack of flour?’ another whispers, more hopefully reassuring.
‘A knife to slice a throat!’ someone else assuredly hisses.
‘A knife spilling blood upon the altar?’
‘A knife for the sacrifice that has to be made!’
Spinning about, I try to work out who’s speaking, who’s making these outrageous claims against me.
But there’s no one here.
I’m on my own amongst the swirling cloud of ground flour.
Where has everybody gone? And so quickly too!
‘Their trading is done!’ 
The whisper arises from out of the cloud.
‘Yours is about to begin!’


*


‘How can a cloud of flour speak?’
‘Of course we can speak for ourselves!’ comes the hushed reply, perhaps because they misunderstood my quite reasonable question.
‘The miller won’t give up his millstones, believe me!’
‘What need does he have, anyway, for your knife?’
‘But of what use is it to you?’ I ask uncertainly. 
‘You’re hardly an expert at making deals, are you?’ 
I could be mistaken, but I sense there’s a ripple close to being a chuckle in the steady whirling of the flour cloud.
They have a point.
I’d started off with hair of gold.
Now my hair was coated in the dullest sheen of pummelled brown wheat.
‘We’re the sacrifice.’
‘We die that others might live!’
‘We were the seeds that should be waiting in the dark earth.’
‘Awaiting renewal in the spring.’
‘But a knife plays no role in that!’ I protest, confused once again by the reasoning being thrown at me.
‘It’s too late for us; in that we agree!’
‘Yet the knife might yet restore to life those only winnowed…’
‘Ah, I see!’ I delightedly cry out. ‘I can slice open the sacks of grain–’ 
‘Your knife can do far more than that!’
‘It’s just a knife…surely,’ I reply uncertainly, recalling how it was made, the threads used for its handle.
The swirling dust once more ripples with the very lightest of laughter.
‘Belittling your wares again!’
‘You came here for a millstone…’
‘Are you sure you want only the kind that ends hanging about your neck?’
Is that the queen’s plan?
To leave me struggling under the weight of a millstone?
‘What other kind of millstone is there?’ I ask tetchily, irked by the way the entirety of the milling crowd appears to be making fun of my naivety.
‘Why, there’s the Stone of Patience, naturally!’


*


Chapter 30

The Stone of Patience 


On the death of their parents, two princesses found themselves in control of a small kingdom; though of course, the eldest swiftly declared herself to be the new queen.
She was famed for a beauty that everyone quite naturally compared to that of the moon. Indeed, even Selene herself agreed that this was a fair comparison.
When the moon was full at her most lustrously gorgeous, the queen would stand entirely naked before her and ask:
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful, or are you?’
And the moon would graciously reply: 
‘You are every bit as beautiful as Selene.’
And while the queen’s younger sister Rhoa was still a child, this was always Selene’s only answer.
With each passing day, however, Rhoa’s own spectacular beauty was becoming ever more obvious.
Her lips were the luscious red of the juiciest pomegranate, while her skin was as smoothly white as its inner flesh.
It was inevitable, then, that one day the answer the queen received would not be to her liking.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful, or are you?’
‘You are every bit as beautiful as Selene; but now Rhoa is the most beautiful of all.’


*


The queen was quite furious that her almost unearthly beauty had been surpassed by that of her sister’s.
To restore matters to how they should more rightfully be, she would have got rid of her younger sibling without a moment’s hesitation: only it’s not quite so easy to rid oneself of a princess who already garners so much attention at court.
Besides, fortune at least was smiling on the queen, for one day an anxiously frowning Rhoa approached her elder sister, innocently seeking advice regarding a quite bizarre event that had taken place in the garden.
As Rhoa had walked beside the garden’s deep well, an eagle had landed by her. More astonishing still, it had told her that she would have a dead man for a husband.
Of course, she’d thought she must be dreaming, or had imagined it.
Yet the very next day, exactly the same thing happened. 
Landing by her, the eagle had once again informed Rho that she would marry a dead man.
‘Why, then I promise you that all this is quite easily resolved!’ the queen replied sweetly, relishing this heaven-sent opportunity to rid herself of her beautiful sister. ‘You must ask the eagle to take you to him!’


*


On the third day, the queen was secretly watching as the eagle flew down beside Rhoa to make its announcement that she would be wedded to a dead man.
As her sister the queen had advised, Rhoa naively asked the eagle to take her to him. And so the eagle happily complied, taking Rhoa as gently as he could in his clutching claws then, with a stretching out and a pounding beat of his vast wings, lifting her up and up into the sky.
Waiting long enough to be sure no one could prevent Rhoa’s abduction, the queen at last jumped out from hiding – supposedly to raise the alarm, of course, yet in reality merely ensuring her sister’s plight could be witnessed by everyone there.
For what could anyone do now?
Even if an accomplished archer managed to bring down the eagle, rather than accidentally killing the princess, the fall would kill her anyway.
Quite obviously, everybody secretly thought, poor Princess Rhoa was as good as dead.


*


Having recently risen from a luxuriating bath, the queen was eager to address the young Selene, even though she much preferred their conversations to take place when the latter hung in the darkness like the most perfectly glistening looking glass.
She approached the moon more confidently than she had in ages.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful, or are you?’
She sighed blissfully as the sliver of new moon replied.
‘You are every bit as beautiful as Selene.’


*


Rhoa wasn’t dead, yet might as well have been.
For the eagle had brought her to a realm where the king slept like the dead.
Everyone else in the court, the surrounding land, also slept, as awaiting a resurrection.
Horses dozed, as did the cattle, and the flocks of hens. In the forest, every wild animal, the insects included, slept as if in a deep hibernation.
Even the vast majority of plants appeared to have been frozen in time, the few exceptions including those clustered about the sleeping king: thorny bushes that wept scented tears, and pink flowers with leaves forever trembling, as if wholly conscious of what they were witnessing, 
The poor girl might have starved, but fortunately the pomegranate strangely grew everywhere.
Despite this, Rhoa realised, she might yet die of loneliness.
There was only one she could speak to now, and then only on a night.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more patient, or are you?’
And the first shard of the new moon replied truthfully:
‘I can ensure you’re more serene than ever, if you’ll only let me be your Stone of Patience.’


*


‘For almost thirty days and thirty nights,’ the moon explained further to Rhoa, ‘you must care for the sleeping King Habr, using the bitter tears, without once falling asleep yourself. And so I’ll keep you company each night, for as long as I’m able.’
So Rhoa managed to stay awake, even though she had to begin to laboriously remove the thick piles of accumulated dust that had gathered about the king as he’d slept.
A quarter of the way through Rhoa’s increasingly wearying task, the waxing moon elaborated on her earlier words, explaining that towards the end of the thirty days, the king will sneeze, at which time the girl must hurriedly bless him. 
‘Patience is bitter,’ Selene added, ‘but it bears sweet fruit.’
Almost exactly half way through Rhoa’s labours, the now fulsome moon briefly vanished behind a veil of clouds: for the queen was expecting her usual audience.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful, or are you?’
Tonight, the imperiously assured queen was wearing nothing but the moon’s own silken gaze as she addressed Selene.
‘You are every bit as beautiful as Selene; but now Rhoa is the most beautiful of all.’
‘What?’ the startled queen roared in disbelief at the moon’s confession. ‘How can this be? She’s dead!’
‘She was as if dead; but the land is close to waking.’


*


The room lying about the sleeping king now sparkled.
His linen night dress was cleansed of every speck of dust.
Rhoa had even taken to trying to feed the slumbering man with the juice of freshly pressed pomegranates, which slipped easily between his loosely clenched lips.
The moon was waning, three quarters of her now lying in darkness.
When Rhoa blessed the sneezing king, Selene declared, she must let him know she had cared for him as he’d slept.
Then he and all the castle and all the land would at last awake.
The next time Selene spoke, however, she was little more than a sliver.
‘I must sleep,’ she admitted, adding, ‘but you, Rhoa, must stay awake just a while longer!’


*


The darkness in Rhoa’s weary heart was now complete.
But…there were only a few more days and nights left, and then the king would at last awake.
How many days? How many nights?
She’d stopped counting a while ago.
A few days, and nights, at most – it must be!
Somewhere deep below in the palace, a door opened. Then closed.
It was followed by the rhythmic clack of footfall across a marbled floor.
Rhoa was startled, even afraid.
Had someone woken up already?
Or had the eagle brought a new arrival?
She could hear a change in the footsteps; whoever was in the palace was now coming up the winding stairs.
The door was thrown open.
It was her sister, the queen.


*


Rhoa rushed to embrace her sister.
She was so glad to see her; she was so tired, so weary.
As she gratefully collapsed into her sister’s arms, she could have fallen asleep right there and then.
‘I’ve searched everywhere for you!’ the queen tenderly assured her. 
Rhoa began to try and explain what had happened to her, and why she was here; but the queen gently shushed her.
‘I know; I’ve heard everything,’ the queen declared. ‘But now that even Selene sleeps, I’m here in her place. So quickly – before your king awakes – go and freshen up, bathe; make yourself more presentable! If you fall asleep, I promise to wake you before the king rises!’


*


As Rhoa slept, she had the most satisfied smile upon her face.
‘Shush; don’t wake her.’
‘But who is she?’ the king asked.
‘She’s nothing but a maid who came with me,’ the queen answered, tightening her grip on the king’s hand. 
Naturally, when the sleeping king had awoken with a sneeze, the queen had blessed him.
And so, when he’d also heard how the queen had cared for him as he’d slept, he’d immediately asked her to marry him.
‘She’s always lazing; always lying!’ the queen continued as she contemptuously glared down at her blissfully sleeping sister. ‘Put her to work tending your geese, working her so hard she’ll sleep tightly through the night; otherwise, she’s bound to sleep throughout the day like this!’


*


When the king asked his queen what she wanted most, she demanded a golden crown the equal of his.
Being in a gracious mood after his wedding, he decided he would also ask the goose girl if she’d like some small gift; for he felt that the maid must have helped care for him in some small way, no matter how badly his queen thought of her.
Even so, as the queen had ordered, he made sure the girl was worked hard, such that she was asleep long before the moon rose, then woken as Selene took her own rest.
The goose girl asked for the Stone of Patience, if it were at all possible for her to have it.
The queen laughed when the king informed her of Rhoa’s strange request.
‘Give her a heavily knotted rope to untie,’ she said. ‘That would try anyone’s patience!’
Rhoa didn’t complain, of course, when the king presented her with the knotted rope instead of the promised Stone of Patience.
Instead, as she sat in her room rubbing her fingers raw as she untied each knot, she asked the rope:
‘Tell me, am I more patient, or are you?’
‘I can ensure you’re more serene than ever, if you’ll only let me keep the Hangman’s Knot.’


*


Fortunately, Rhoa hadn’t reached a point where she would willingly accept the rope’s well-meant advice.
She was more dejected than ever, however, and the king couldn’t fail to notice this, believing he must be at fault for failing to grant the gift she’d asked for.
He would soon be sailing to a neighbouring country, he told her, and he would bring her back a gift of her choosing. 
‘Please,’ Rhoa replied demurely, ‘it should be the Stone of Patience; otherwise, I fear your ship will remain unable to sail forward.’
Once again, the queen laughed at her sister’s bizarre request.
‘Bring her back a poorly forged knife and she can sharpen it on a whetstone,’ she commanded. ‘That will try her patience!’
Following the queen’s instructions, the king purchased a blade that was so brittle it had never, ever been given a decent edge. Yet he arrived back in his home port stern first, for he’d had to make his way home painstakingly sailing backwards.
Rhoa made no protest when she was given the dulled blade.
Rather, she sat patiently at the whetstone, forever having to keep check on her brittle mind and starting over whenever the impure iron cracked along its thinned edging. 
‘Tell me, am I more patient, or are you?’ she resignedly asked the knife.
‘I can ensure you’re more serene than ever, if you’ll only let me take the edge off your suffering.’


*


Fortunately, Rhoa had yet to reach a point where she would wilfully accept the knife’s well-meant advice.
She was more despondent than ever, however, and the king could hardly remain unaware of this. Once again, he’d failed to bring her back the gift she’d requested.
This time, he told her, he was sailing with his queen to a previously unknown land; surely, he reassured her, they would find this Stone of Patience she desired.
‘Your patience will be tried if not,’ Rhoa sadly informed him, ‘for your ship will go neither forwards nor backwards.’
‘I’ve never heard of such a thing!’ the queen laughed when the king told her he’d agreed to seek out the Stone of Patience, if only to ensure they could safely return home, for their journey there, sailing stern first, had been long and arduous. 
It was at a mill, not a stonemason’s, that the king eventually found his Stone of Patience.
Lying by aloe, acacia and mimosa, it was an old, extensively used millstone. It’s many grooves had long ago worn down to a perfectly smooth surface, such that it now regularly glowed in the moon’s light as brightly as any mirror.
The miller gave the king some advice as well as the stone, all free of charge for the moment; ‘For it will absorb any genuine sorrows until swollen to breaking – yet if some fool with only trivial cares claims their patience exceeds that of the stone, why, then they’re the ones who’ll pay forfeit.’
The queen laughed when King Habr had his millstone brought aboard the ship, claiming the only patience being tried was hers with this wild goose chase.
Yet, to her great surprise, the ship directly set sail without the slightest problem.


*


While most of the ship slept, the queen went out on deck.
Selene was at her fullest and most glorious, yet the queen wasn’t in the mood for a conversation that wouldn’t go her way.
Besides, it appeared at first glance that the moon had deigned to briefly descend to earth, for she glowed just as brightly on the otherwise darkened ship.
It was the stone; perfectly round, perfectly smooth.
And as Selene gaily twirled in the pitch-black sky, her stilled mirror image stared temptingly back at the queen.
Maybe the stone would give the queen the answer she sought.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful; or is Rhoa?’
‘I can ensure you’re more serene than ever, if you’ll only let me be your Stone of Patience.’
The queen gave an exhausted chuckle as she heard the stone’s impudent reply.
‘How can you claim to teach me patience? I still allow her to live, don’t I?’


*


When the king had the Stone of Patience delivered to Rhoa’s room, he also brought the terrible news that ‘her mistress, the queen’ had somehow been lost overboard one night.
‘Though I suspect, though I don’t quite know why or how,’ he warned her, briefly halting by the door as he prepared to leave her alone, ‘that it had something to do with this stone.’
As the king closed the door behind him, Rhoa sat down by the stone, her mind regaining a sense of purity as she delicately ran her sore fingers over its smooth surface.
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more patient, or are you?’
And she began to lift the weight of her sorrows off her shoulders as she asked the stone to bear it in her place.


*


Rhoa finished her tale with a sad, resigned sigh.
‘I’ve given you all the weight I’ve had; either you break, or I’ll break.’
The door burst open.
The king rushed in, fearing that Rhoa would be lost as the queen had been lost, for he’d been listening all this time at the door. 
‘Your patience is greater than the stone’s!’ he cried in the hope that he still might save her.
But Rhoa was alive and well.
It was the Stone of Patience that had cracked and broken.


*


Chapter 31

‘A crown, a rope, knife, and millstone!’ I gasp as the story comes to an end, recognising that these are the very things I’ve been asked to collect by the queen.
‘A crown for the king…’
‘A rope for his binding…’
‘The knife for his splitting…’
‘The millstone for his grinding…’
‘All for a seeding…
‘…That the birds might feed and sing…’
The cloud chants these lines as if it’s all a merry song, one they’re about to start all over again until I bring it all to a halt with my own idea of what this listing implies.
‘She means to be rid of me, somehow! She’ll hope I’ll fail, and then she can have me punished for wasting a valuable crown!’
‘If you return with a millstone around your neck…
‘…you’ll deserve it too!’ the cloud chuckles.
‘The Stone of Patience…it lies around the back of the mill?’ I ask hopefully.
‘It does.’
The cloud swirls about me, a move somehow resembling the nodding of a head.
‘Then I can…just take it?’ I ask, adding hurriedly, ‘Provided I leave the knife in its place, naturally!’
‘Ah, now that…
‘…would be stealing…’
‘…obviously!’
‘Such a trade…’ 
‘…would have to be…’
‘…agreed by the miller!’
‘And he’s not as generous…’
‘…as the one in our tale!’
‘Then…what can I do? Can’t I make the trade with you – as I did with Holle, and the flames?’
‘Like the king…’
‘…have you forgotten already…’
‘…what we really asked for?’
Thinking back, I recall that, yes, they had been far more specific in their request.
‘But how can a knife restore grain to life?’


*


The great, whirling stone wobbles, its own movement now responsible for its imminent and inevitable collapse.
The lower stone, although perfectly still, and apparently immovable, begins to shake worriedly upon its base.
Of the air and the earth, it was built to grind the fragile grain into a soft flour.
Not iron forged in the fires and quenched in waters.
Besides, the knife comes with thicker threads of life wrapped about it, ones more resistant to shredding and self-sacrifice.
As the great stones rock against each other, their chaotic shuddering flows back and up through the hidden mechanisms, throwing cogs out of kilter with a fierce snap and terrible juddering, shattering soaring shafts of timber, every fault leading to further and more destructive faults.
It’s a destructive force that swiftly travels along everything it touches, leaping and moving on from one to the next, until even the vast sails outside begin to creak ominously as they realise their time is near. 
In little time at all, the whole tower of the mill itself begins to be painfully wrenched apart with shrieks and heavy, resigned groans.
Everything, now, is tumbling about me.
The clouds thicken, and are more gleeful than ever.
‘Leave now…’
‘…out the rear…’
‘…your stone waits for you.’


*


The beauty of the stone quite surprises me.
It looks so serene, despite the surrounding chaos of the agonising writhing of the gradually tumbling mill.
The slow whirl of the mill’s impressively vast sails is now unsteady and irregular, as frighteningly unexpected as if the languid twirling of the universe was seen to shake, to slip aside first a little, and then terrifyingly so.
The whole looming tower is granted an unwanted motion, serpentine in its painful twisting, its skin of whitened planks cracking and splitting one by one.
The stone, however, glows a silvery white, as if it has patiently absorbed the moon’s light and wisdom over many years.
It must have been leant up against the mill’s side, discarded as if now useless, so very, very long ago.
And there, of course, lies a problem for me.
How do I move such a heavy stone before the tortured mill entirely collapses and buries me beneath its wreckage?


*


Chapter 32

Being circular, the stone could be wheeled away – if only it wasn’t so incredibly heavy, so impossibly unwieldy.
If I try and move it, the chances are it will only fall directly upon me, crushing me before it’s travelled even an inch.
‘I think you need my help?’
I whirl about to see who’s spoken.
It’s a horse.
A talking horse, of course.
‘Unstrap part of my harness towards the rear,’ the horse suggests. ‘If you string it out behind me, you can thread it through the stone’s hole and buckle it together once more.’
‘It still won’t be easy…’ I mumble worriedly, glancing back towards the heavy stone, recognising that I’ll need to ensure it somehow retains its balance on its wide rim. 
‘But not impossible,’ the horse corrects me, fearfully looking up towards the shrieking mill.


*


The mill’s vast sails are now the unfurled canvases of a stricken ship, dragging it ever more rapidly to its complete destruction.
It falls apart now timber by shattering timber.
As it collapses in upon itself, it throws up a vast swirling cloud of dust, debris, flour – and grains.
Caught in the wind, these grains swirl joyfully in the air, spreading out across the land, seeking out the soils where they can regain a new life.
‘Thank you, goose girl!’ they cry out excitedly as they fall like rain everywhere about us.
Behind them, soon, they’ll leave nothing but a pile of whitewashed wood, the bleached bones of the mill.
Not that I can spend too long looking back on the tumbling tower.
The stone rolls along quite easily now, pulled along by the horse, but I have to instantly correct any inclination it has to lean to one side, otherwise it would topple – and it would be quite a struggle to right it once again.
‘This is quite a task I’ve stupidly volunteered for,’ the horse grumbles, yet lightning her supposed protest with an amused chuckle. ‘But I can’t complain; at least I’ve kept my head!’
‘Why on earth would you risk losing your head?’ I ask curiously.
‘Well, because I’m a talking horse, and you’re a goose girl, of course! Surely you’ve heard the story of the goose girl and Falada?’
‘Of course I’ve heard the tale of the goose girl. But Falada couldn’t talk! Otherwise, surely, she’d have told the king what had happened at the water’s edge!’
‘Not if she’d lost her head, she wouldn’t!’ the horse jovially snorts. ‘Obviously, you haven’t heard the most important part of the tale!’


*


Chapter 33

The Goose Girl 


As the poor princess was sent off to tend the geese, the new queen-to-be had another request to make.
‘My mount Falada behaved abominably on the journey here!’ she complained to the king. ‘It’s only fit now for the slaughter house. Her severed head can be hung in the town gate, serving as a warning that we must never be falsely served!’
Of course, the warning she really wanted to deliver was aimed at the real princess, who would herd her geese through the gate each morning and at night. 
‘Oh, heaven! Falada, it’s you mounted there!’ the poor goose girl wailed as she and Curdle, the goose boy, drove their flock out into the fields.
‘While you’re saddled with serving, fair princess,’ Falada’s head sadly replied. ‘If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
Out on the common where the geese were fed and watered, the girl sat by the well and, taking off her skin-tight skull cap, let her hair tumble free. It shone like gold, with a sheen as glittering as any stream of pearls. And so, as she began to gently comb it, she also began to carefully gather it up into the plaited crown she recalled her mother wearing.
Seeing the beauty of the princess’s hair for the very first time, Curdle was quite naturally immediately entranced. He wanted nothing more than to take a lock of this gleaming gold for himself, so that he could keep it close to his heart.
But the leaves of the bush he’d hidden away in rustled irately, as if conjuring up rather than being moved by the wind. For in a moment, a gust plucked Curdle’s kerchief from around his neck, carrying it away so far he had to chase all across the downs to retrieve it.
And by the time he’d returned, the girl’s golden crown was safely hidden under her skull cap once more.


*


When the geese were driven out through the gate the next morning, the princess once again paused underneath poor Falada’s head.
‘Oh, heaven! Falada, you shouldn’t be mounted there!’ 
‘While you shouldn’t be saddled with serving, fair princess. If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
Once they were out in the fields, the geese were let free to wander by the stream, while the princess sat by the well. Her smock was now far too tight for her, she realised, but as she unsnapped the crudely made buckle, she pricked a finger on its sharp metal.
Quickly, she took out a handkerchief, and stemmed the wound with no more than the loss of one drop of blood. Even so, when Curdle saw the pure whiteness of the handkerchief, and even caught a trace of its delicious perfume lingering on the air, he wished for nothing more than to possess it and keep it close to his heart.
He would have grabbed it, too, only there was a sudden flurry of the geese, who rushed by him in a snowstorm of white feathers. His hat was sent flying in the commotion, landing on the head of a startled goose who led him a merry chase across the common.
When he returned to the well, the girl had safely returned her handkerchief to her pocket. 


*


‘I don’t wish to herd geese with that girl any longer,’ Curdle presumptuously grumbled to the king. ‘She does nothing but annoy me all day long.’
With surprising patience, for he was of course amused, and then intrigued, the king listened to the boy’s litany of complaints. And at the end of it all, the king declared that he wished to see for himself this severed horse head that addressed the girl as princess, this tumbling waterfall of golden hair.
So the next morning, it wasn’t an envious goose boy who looked on in amazement as the girl spoke to Falada, but the king.
‘Oh, heaven! Falada, you’re still mounted there!’ 
‘While you’re still saddled with serving, fair princess. If your mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two.’
Keeping to the sides of the road, the king followed the flock of geese out into the fields. And like the goose boy once more, he was surprised to see this goose girl loosen a too-tight smock, and hair that glittered like gold.
Yet even so, despite her burgeoning beauty, she quietly wept, her sparkling tears falling into the well’s waters to be swept away.
When all the king wished to do was carrying them away in his golden cup.


*


When the goose girl arrived home that evening, the king was waiting for her.
Stepping inside her small room, he asked why she wept as she sat by the well. 
‘I’m afraid I swore by heaven that I could never reveal such a thing,’ she replied sadly.
The king nodded in understanding that she couldn’t go back on such a promise.
‘Then maybe you could lessen the weight you bear by confiding your cares to the iron of the stove,’ the king suggested, stepping outside and leaving her there on her own.
‘If my mother only knew, Her heart would surely break in two,’ the poor girl sobbed as she began to recite her troubles to the stove.
As she finished, the king opened the door once more, for he’d been listening outside.
And when she was dressed once more in a royal gown, with her crown of golden hair, no one could mistake her for anything less than a princess. Even her one-time maid, at the banquet that night, failed to recognise her as the girl she’d driven out to herd the geese.
Then the king turned to this one-time maid, who believed she was still the queen-in-waiting, asking for her help in solving a troublesome problem.
‘What should I do,’ he asked her, ‘with someone who’s served me falsely?’
And when she told him what should be done with such a disloyal person, he immediately ordered the sentence to be carried out.


*


Chapter 34

‘Then, you’re saying – I could tell my tale to the Stone of Patience?’ I declare excitedly as the horse brings her story to a close. ‘Then when the king overhears it all, he’ll declare me his rightful queen!’
‘Did I say all that?’ the horse laughs doubtfully. 
‘But you must be Falada; how many other horse’s talk?’ 
‘If I were Falada,’ the horse gruffly guffawed once more, ‘then quite obviously you’d be talking to a head hanging by the town gate!’
‘Then you don’t know the real story about our false princess?’
The horse shakes her head in reply.
‘Thankfully, no; for if I’m reading your hints here correctly, I suspect I wouldn’t be shaking my head now, would I?’
‘Yes, yes; sorry,’ I sigh resignedly. ‘I was just getting totally carried away with my own stupid wishes. Why would a king bother listening in to me chatting to this stone anyway? And all it would prove to him any way was that I was surely crazy!’
‘So, why the stone?’ the horse asks. ‘Why not me? I mean, the king would still think your quite crazed, if he caught you talking to a horse; but the advantage is, he’s nowhere around to be seen, and I’m more than just a good listener – maybe I can come up with some answers too.’
‘It’s not that I need someone to listen to my tale,’ I admit miserably, ‘so much as that I don’t even know what my tale is!’
‘But...surely you have some idea of what you think happened to you? From what I’m hearing, you think you’re this princess who was replaced by a maid?’
I nod.
‘Only, unlike in the tale, I think our queen’s some kind of witch; so she not only transformed herself and me, but also made me forget exactly how it had all happened!’
‘Hmn; you do have a problem, don’t you?’
‘You know, maybe I should be confiding in the stone,’ I mumble wryly, ‘because that’s not going to go pointing out all the holes in my story, is it?’


*


It’s much more of a struggle to get the Stone of Patience home than I could ever have predicted.
Every rock, every damn pebble, would set the stone wobbling. It nearly just about crushed me a number of times as I fought to stop it toppling over. 
But at last, here it is, safely leant up against a wall out in the garden, if only because it’s the most convenient place I’d come to once we’d got inside the palace walls.
Unhitching the horse, I gratefully send her off towards the stables, at first telling her to let the stable boys know I’d sent her, then quickly correcting myself with a promise than I’d come along in a moment to make sure she was being well treated.
Before that, however, I have to let the queen know I’ve fulfilled the tasks she’d set me.
‘It really is quite wonderful, isn’t it?’
What is it now?
A talking brick, maybe?
Or about a wheelbarrow – they’re probably well known for their wit and wisdom, I’ll bet.
I wearily begin to turn about to see who’s spoken. 
It’s the queen.


*


Chapter 35

‘You’ve done so remarkably well, my little goose girl.’ 
The queen smiles condescendingly as she approaches the stone.
She appears to be in awe of it, admiring the smoothness of its surface as anyone else might celebrate the fabulous crafting of a bejewelled crown.
I’m awestruck by her beauty, her aura of power.
I couldn’t fail to notice that she’d appears surprised, perhaps even a touch disappointed, that I’be safely returned with the requested stone. 
Yet I dare not speak in front of her, let alone against her!
How can I possibly succeed in accusing her of replacing me as the rightful queen?
‘Do you know how it works; the stone, I mean?’ the queen asks.
I nod, though not with complete confidence.
‘I think so,’ I dare to say at last. ‘From what I’ve heard of it in the tales.’
The queen chuckles.
‘Ah, but we can’t go believing everything we hear in tales now, can we?’
‘I know,’ I reply sadly, noting the restrained hints of warning in her apparently innocent statement.
‘Why, you’re so sad,’ the queen says with a feigned tenderness, reaching out with an elegant finger to wipe away a tear rolling down my cheek. ‘Why would our little goose girl be so sad, now?’
Is she goading me?
It certainly seems like it.
‘I…I’m not really sure,’ I confess, hastily adding with more determination, ‘I…I suppose I just wonder…was I really born to this life, do you think?’
‘And what life would that be?’ she responds icily. ‘It could just be me, I grant you – but it’s not like I’ve ever actually seen you do very much with the geese.’
At last, I’m scandalised enough to respond.
‘Well, I...’
Well, I don’t know what to say!
Because, you know what; she’s got a very good point, hasn’t she?


*


‘I wouldn’t be called the goose girl if I didn’t look after the geese!’ I at last snap back at the queen. ‘Would Cook be called Cook if she didn’t actually cook?’
‘I’m queen,’ she says dreamily, ‘but I don’t actually want to be queen. Well, not anymore!’
‘Then why did you...’
There, I almost blurted it out!
Why did you replace me? 
‘Why?’ she repeats, as if she’s only just considering this. ‘Oh, I still want to be queen! But not here. Not with him!’
She lazily glances back towards the large palace windows like she’s half expecting him to be looking out towards us.
‘He’s so much more boring than I’d hoped for!’
‘Yet he’s the king!’ I point out, as if this fact alone should make up for any other failings.
‘Sooo...are you saying you’d like to be queen?’
‘Who wouldn’t like to be queen?’
‘Me; as I’ve only just said!’
‘But he’s so handsome; so brave!’
The queen affects a yawn. 
‘And everyone can fetch and carry for me, rather than the other way round!’ I add gleefully. 
‘Then you don’t think that, when the maids rushed to do things, you’d sort of instinctively rush to do it too?’
‘Of course not!’
‘Good, good. I like what I’m hearing.’ 
She looks me up and down like she’s closely studying a possible purchase.
‘You know what, my girl?’ she says brightly as she vainly tries to give my hair a hint of life. ‘We’re going to switch places – oh, not that I’m going to be a goose girl – but you get the idea, surely?’


*


Chapter 36

‘Forgive me, your majesty!’
The king quite naturally appears rather startled that a lowly goose girl has approached him as he takes a walk in the garden.
‘I have a confession to make, regarding the queen, whom I journeyed with to your realm!’ I hurriedly continue, before he orders a guard to cart me off to the dungeons. ‘Only she made me promise that I’d tell no one her secret!’
‘The queen has a secret?’
Fortunately, he’s intrigued rather than scandalised that I’m possibly about to accuse the queen of wrongdoing.
But then, hadn’t I caught him reading the story of The Goose Girl?
Had he, perhaps, already begun to garner an inkling that not all was what it seemed regarding his apparently delightful and gorgeous queen?
‘I can show you tonight, your majesty!’ I declare authoritatively. ‘I can prove the queen is an enchantress!’


*


Chapter 37

The king lies with me behind a low wall in the palace gardens, from where we have a clear view of the Stone of Patience leaning against the side of an outbuilding.
It’s a full moon, Selene at her most gorgeous as she unhurriedly dances across the pure-black sky. The stone perfectly reflects her beauty back, glowing a mystically silvery white, absorbing her lustre, her magic.
The queen trips silently across the lawn on bared feet. She’s gloriously naked, but for Selene’s own diaphanous night dress.
Confidently rising up before the stone, she invokes its powers: 
‘Tell me, Mirror of My Soul, am I more beautiful, or are you?’
And the stone, to my surprise as much as the king’s, answers:
‘You are every bit as beautiful as Selene.’


*


The king can’t help but gasp in a mix of horror and shock.
‘Who’s there?’
The queen whirls about on her bared heels, glaring our way with neither fear nor surprise.
I’ve brought a golden goblet of water with me, blessed earlier in the cathedral.
Rushing out towards the queen, I fling out every drop of water towards to her – and instantly, she begins to agonisingly melt before my eyes!


*


Chapter 38

The queen’s pained shrieking is terrifying in every way you can imagine!
No one should suffer like this!
I wasn’t expecting this horrible scene at all!
‘How coulllddd youuu?’ she wails accusingly as she dissolves before our eyes.
But the horror’s nowhere near finished.
For the darkness itself comes to life, becoming at once hundreds of frenziedly fluttering crows, everyone eagerly launching themselves upon the queen’s body, ravenously feasting upon it, making her flesh as one with the black night.
She makes a last final effort to reach out to me with an increasingly shrivelling hand. 
‘After all my earlier years of faithful service too, princess!’ she wails pitifully.
Princess?
So…she was my maid? 
And an evil old witch at that too?


*


Chapter 39

The king appears mortified by the horror he’s witnessing.
Yet it seems to me that his fear is less to do with his queen’s torturous end than a realisation that he’s had a lucky escape; just how would such a powerful witch have eventually dealt with him if she’d continued to live and gain power?
Abruptly, his mortification turns into petrification; for yes, he’s suddenly frozen, completely unmoving.
His anguish is perfectly stilled across his face.
The crows rise up as if their task is finished; yet as they draw away from the queen, she rises too, revealing that not one single inch of her has been damaged in any way.
She smiles triumphantly.
‘I…I’m sorry,’ I mumble fearfully, backing away as she confidently strides towards me. ‘I…I really didn’t know the waters would make you melt!’
The crows flutter about her back now like vast, dark wings. Her hair’s no longer blonde, but silvery grey; and yet it’s still glisteningly lustrous, while her face isn’t even slightly aged.
‘You don’t think I overplayed it, do you?’ she asks me doubtfully, turning back a touch to more closely observe the motionless, awe-struck king. ‘No, no; look a him. He took it all in, bless his little cotton socks!’
‘It was all an act!’ I gasp.
‘Naturally!’ she exclaims. ‘You don’t really think blessed water would hurt me, do you?’
She turns back to me, looks me up and down, obviously pondering what to with me.
‘Now, as for you…’
She reaches out with a pointing finger towards my face; then dabs it quickly here, here and here.
‘Blue eyes, I think; pomegranate mouth – and a little button nose! Yes, yes; that should do it!’
She stands back, like an artist admiring their latest creation.
‘And the hair, of course,’ she adds with a flourish of her hands, transforming my own crop into tumbling locks of gold. ‘Personally, I prefer my own shade; but these dear little kings are all so boringly predictable in their tastes, you know!’
She glances back towards the king. Giving him another scornful look. 
‘Are you sure you want him?’ she sighs dismissively, touching my cheek with surprising tenderness as she faces me once more. ‘I want you to be happy; I feel so responsible for you, as I was the one who gave you life–’ 
‘You’re my mother?’ 
I just about jump back in a mingling of shock and horror.
‘Mother?’ Of course not!’ she chuckles richly. ‘Though yes, you’re like a daughter to me!’
‘But you’re a witch!’
‘But not a bad one – in fact, I’m extremely accomplished.’
Across her back, the crows squawk restlessly, apparently eager to be off.
‘Now,’ she says sharply, as if in a hurry to be off, ‘I presume you’ve heard more than enough tales to know how to handle this when he wakes up, thinking you’ve vanquished his evil queen?’
‘You act like you’re enjoying all this!’
‘I confess, this sad leaving is always my favourite part; it’s the delicious theatrics of it all, I suppose!’
‘You’ve done it before?
‘Oh, all the time; as soon as I’m bored, which is frequently quite quickly! It’s all part of the fun of what I do, really.’
‘And what do you do?’
‘Why, I enjoy myself immensely, naturally! I particularly loved dear, faithful Falada’s entrance: perhaps I’ll include her next time too!’
‘Yes, that was very fortunat – that was you?’
‘Did I say that?’ she chuckles knowingly. ‘Now, I really, really must be off to pastures new!’
With a rushing flurry of night-black feathers, the crows begin to lift her up into the darkness.
‘No, no – wait!’ I plead, reaching up as if to call her back down. ‘You haven’t told me who I am – who I really am!’
‘Why, you’re the goose girl, of course!’ she smiles as she continues to rise up away from me.
‘But before that – what was I before I was the goose girl?’
‘A goose, my dear; you were a goose!’


*


The king wakes to find me forlornly staring up into the empty darkness.
Nothing but an empty, crumpled white drees lies on the floor before us; which is odd, as the queen had been draped in nothing but the moon’s light.
The king shivers as he recalls the horrific death of his evil queen. 
‘Don’t worry; she’s gone now!’ he declares bravely, reaching down to pick up the silken gown.
As he rises once more, he looks at me as if for the very first time. He presents me with the gown of purest moon silk.
‘This is more fitting for someone so beautiful,’ he says almost breathlessly, adding more doubtfully, ‘Who…who are you?’
‘I’m…I’m, well, you see, I’m – I’m the real princess...’


End




If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes



