Death's Bounty Hunter
THE SHINOBI ASSASSIN
Billy Larkin



Hunting hell's fugitives . . . with a vacuum.

Zeek Crabtree runs a modest ghost cleaning service sucking up poltergeists with his vacuum. But when a group of unruly souls escape from hell, Death himself employs Zeek to hunt them down and return them to their rightful place in eternal hellfire.

With only his backpack vacuum, a trunk full of ghost hunting weapons, and his mildly Gothic sidekick to help him, Zeek Crabtree is in for a long week.





PROLOGUE

Chinatown, Chicago

Car fumes and alleyway trash mixed with aromas of roasted duck and steamed dumplings. The evening showers had ended and the sky darkened, neon signs along the stretch of Chinatown reflecting against wet bitumen.
Dong Bingbing, or Cherry, to those who knew her, pulled her trolley along the sidewalk, as she did every night for the past twenty years. She stopped in at the teashop, then the Best Choice Oriental Grocery. With her trolley full, she crossed the busy road and walked into the alleyway beside the Dor Fook Jewelry shop. It was only a ten minute walk from there to her ground floor apartment on West 24th Place, and she was eager to get home.
The alleyway was empty and far darker than the glowing street of Chinatown, the buildings either side looming over her. She had only walked twenty more yards when the ground beneath her began to tremble. At first Cherry thought she had stepped awkwardly, but when the shaking continued she knew it was something else. An earthquake? She frowned back toward Chinatown, the people in the distance seemingly undisturbed by the event.
The ground shook harder now, and she let out a little cry, gripping both hands tight on the handle of her cart. A cracking sounded between her feet, and she stared down, eyes wide.
She tried to run, but the violent motions threw her from one foot to the other. Trashcans rattled and the nearby dumpster thumped against the brick wall. Her trolley toppled and onions tumbled onto the dirty bitumen.
The ground gave way, breaking apart between Cherry's feet, and from within the opening, a fiery light ignited her in a crimson glow. She screamed for help, but lost her footing and fell. She grabbed onto the edge of the broken ground, fingers rigid. A man passed the end of the alleyway in the distance, and she cried out, "HEL-"
Her cry died as a hard hand gripped her mouth, russet skinned with a jewelled, gold cuff. She mumbled her cries for help, tears filling terrified eyes. Then the hand pulled her downward, her fingers raking at the bitumen.
The last hold she had on the edge slipped away, and she tumbled inward, falling into the fiery abyss, and vanishing forevermore...
In the shadows of the alleyway, a man stood, darker still within the shroud of a purple-black cloak. And although his face remained hidden, the corners of his mouth turned upwards and his perfect teeth shone in a crazed smile.
 


ONE

Zeek Crabtree sat in an over-cushioned floral couch in his yellow Hazchem suit and orange rubber boots and gloves. Mrs. Kravitz stepped into the room, her purple rinse bob-cut bouncing as she carried a tray of tea and steaming cookies, fresh from the oven.
Zeek watched on as she poured tea into dainty floral cups and passed one to him. It was impossible to take the teacup by the delicate handle, so instead he cupped the thing in his rubber gloved hand. She held out a saucer with cookies and Zeek took one.
"Thanks a bunch, Mrs. Kravitz," he said, grinning.
She smiled awkwardly as she took another look over his attire, perching with her own tea and took a graceful sip.
Zeek stuffed the entire cookie into his mouth and said, "How wong hab you hab the probwem, Mrs. Kravitz?" A portion of chewed up cookie ejected from his mouth. Then he downed his tea with one enormous gulp.
Mrs. Kravitz watched on with a mixture of disgust and bewilderment.
"Mr. Crabtree, wasn't the tea a little hot?"
"Scalding, actually." Zeek tried to smile but tears were forming in his eyes. "So," he said. "Had the problem for long?"
"Since the funeral, I suppose."
Zeek nodded. "That's usually about the time it happens."
"When I came home I heard his model trains. I went into the room and it was moving around the track, but when I switched it off it didn't stop. It's been going ever since." Her eyes dropped to her tea. "I don't go in there anymore."
Zeek nodded, stood up and brushed cookie crumbs from his lap. "You mind if I see the room?"
"Of course," she said, placing her cup down and standing. "Please, follow me."
In one hand Zeek grasped a crowbar, and in the other he pulled a vacuum cleaner behind him, banging into walls as he followed Mrs. Kravitz down the hall.
"What was his name?" he asked.
"Robert, but I always called him Bobby." She stopped and turned, a door between them. "This is the one."
Zeek firmed his lips, a forbidding stare in his blue eyes. He reached out with his rubber gloved hand, twisted the door knob, and peeked into the room.
The room was dark, with the only light coming from the hallway and the gaps surrounding the curtains. There was a two-seater beside a tall bookcase, and a desk with computer and chair, but covering a large portion of the ground was a train set, with rolling hills and roads, paddocks and signals and miniature crossings. There was a locomotive chugging around the track in an endless loop, clicking and clacking, and making little Choo-Choo sounds.
Bobby sat in front of the train set with legs crossed like a pretzel, his flabby naked back to Zeek. The man was huge, at least three-hundred pounds. He wore a green-brown diaper, a blue train engineer's hat, and nothing else.
As Zeek watched on in horror, Bobby's head began to turn, rotating until he was staring right at Zeek, head one-hundred-and-eighty degrees to his body. The poltergeist's skin was grey and his eyes were endless pits of blackness. There was a sickening bone clicking noise and his head returned to the train set.
Zeek slowly withdrew from the room and faced Mrs. Kravitz, his face drained of blood.
"Is he in there?" she asked, fingers locked together. "Is my Bobby in there?"
"Ah, yeah, he's in there, all right," he said. "Um, is there a reason why Bobby wouldn't be wearing any clothes?"
"Oh!" Mrs. Kravitz's eyes lit up and she pressed her hands over her heart. "That's how he liked to play with his trains! It reminded him of his childhood. It's true. He's in there. He's really in there!"
"And the diaper? Medical reasons was it?" Zeek asked, hopeful.
"No, that was part of the childhood fantasy. It made him feel special."
"Special?" he said, eyebrows climbing. "I think you should wait out here, Mrs. Kravitz."
"Why?"
"He's got the black eyes going on. Sure sign he's a poltergeist."
"W-what does that mean?"
Zeek slid his goggles over his eyes and reached for the knob. "It means, Mrs. Kravitz ..." He stepped into the room. "This is gonna get physical." 
Zeek pressed the door shut behind him and as the latch clicked into place, Bobby's head turned to face him once more, bones clicking. The poltergeist's mouth parted and a green-grey tongue lulled out.
"Play time's over, Bobby," said Zeek, and he plugged the vacuum cleaner into the wall socket and flicked the switch. The vacuum whirred to life from the spinning motor within. When Zeek stood back up to face Bobby, the poltergeist was standing and facing him. And he was a freaking giant. Like Incredible Hulk had gone on a cheeseburger challenge and followed it up with a dumpster truck of Coke! He had colossal folds of grey overlapping fat, dimpled hanging thighs, and wobbling man-boobies. And of course, one awfully small, green-brown diaper.
"Yikes!" Zeek squealed. "I think I'm gonna need a bigger vacuum."



TWO

Bobby charged Zeek, thundering in a flapping and flopping frightening figure of metaphysical energy. 
Zeek swung his crowbar like a baseball bat, and it slammed into the big guy's guts, sending him flying across the room. Before Zeek could pounce, the poltergeist jumped to his feet, now one seriously pissed-off man-baby, ectoplasm spilling from his fists like globs of snot.
Bobby's mouth opened wide, wider than humanly possible, until it was a gaping void. Then a hollow roar burst out from the void and green ectoplasm shot out across the room, spattering Zeek in fluorescent green sputum.
Zeek coughed, wiping the goo away from his face and spitting it from his mouth. Then he danced a little jig, crying, "It stinks. It stinks. Get it off!"
Bobby charged again, a raging sumo wrestler. 
Zeek steeled his gaze and clenched his jaw. Show time. Crouching, he lunged into the air, crowbar and cleaner at the ready and screamed a battle cry...
* * *
Outside in the hallway, Mrs. Kravitz stood with both hands covering her mouth. There was a sudden and violent crash! The entire house shook and she glanced up at the swinging light in the hall, her eyes growing wider.
"Oh my," she said.
Zeek danced behind him and climbed onto the poltergeist's shoulders, riding Bobby as if he were a bucking rodeo bull. Bobby's arms swung wildly up at him, but the sumo wrestler rodeo was in town and Zeek was going the distance.
"Weeee!" he squealed.
Zeek's legs wrapped around Bobby's shoulders, and with vacuum in hand, sucked the nozzle onto his head. The vacuum hummed and Bobby's face warped upward, squeezing into the tiny nozzle.
The vacuum's engine began to whine like a plummeting plane falling from the sky. 
With only Bobby's mouth now visible, the rest of his head all but gone into the vacuum, he roared out, ectoplasm splattering the room in a wide arc of green projectile vomit.
Zeek had him right where he wanted, not allowing Bobby to get separation from the nozzle. The giant poltergeist began running in circles like a chicken without a head, arms waving frantically knocking books from a shelf, overturning a lamp and knocking pictures off the walls. 
Zeek gripped on tight, a wild maniac smile across his face.
"Gotcha now you stinky man-baby!" He laughed like a lunatic.
Bobby charged across the room and the resonating whir of the vacuum suddenly cut off and died, replaced by a sudden and awful silence. 
Zeek peered down the nozzle, frowned, then tracked his gaze across the room to see that the electrical cord had pulled from the socket.
"Oh," he said. "That's not ideal."
Ice cold hands grabbed hold and yanked him down in a violent hulking smash.
Zeek's body thundered into the train set, miniature trees, cows and sheep flew up into the air. Flat on his back, Zeek winced, lying in a puddle of fart smelling ectoplasm and a broken train set. He didn't get a chance to get up. 
Bobby eclipsed what little light was in the room, and the hulking monster landed on him in a suffocating force of cold, wobbly poltergeist fat.
"No!" Zeek mumbled from beneath it. "Gross!"
Bobby's hands entered into Zeek's throat, bypassing the skin and wrapped around his windpipe.
Choking, unable to breath, Zeek reached for his crowbar, but it was too far. Changing tact, he tried for his vacuum, his fingers so close. His eyes all but popped from their sockets as blood gathered in his brain. Zeek's finger brushed against the battery backup switch. He was passing out, the world darkening around him, blackness bleeding into his vision.
With one last final effort, he reached and flicked the switch. The vacuum whirred to life. Zeek took up the nozzle, stuffed it into Bobby's face. The man-baby resisted, but it was no use. Bobby's head was warping into the nozzle.
* * *
Mrs. Kravitz was frozen in place, skin pale, eyes wide in fright, listening on as the vacuum whined. She heard another cry echo out from behind the door. "You should've gone to the light you stinky train freak!"
The whirring vacuum died and the violent banging and thrashing from within the room fell completely and utterly silent. 
Mrs. Kravitz pressed her ear up against the door and listened.
"You can come in now, Mrs. Kravitz," came Zeek's voice.
She hesitantly turned the handle and pushed the door open. Her jaw dropped, eyes wide, breath catching in her chest. 
The bookcase was on its face, the computer and desk were unrecognizable, the ceiling-fan hung from a single buzzing wire, the train-set was demolished, and absolutely everything was covered in thick blobs of fluorescent green goo.
"The room's all clean, Mrs. Kravitz," said Zeek, beaming.
She pinched her nose and in a nasally tone said, "My goodness, what happened?! What's all that green stuff?"
"Ectoplasm. Emotional discharge." Zeek had his fists on his hips as he scanned the room. "You'll need to replace the carpet of course."
"The carpet?"
"And paint the walls. But you'll never get rid of the smell. If I was you I'd sell the house."
"What about Robert? Where's my Bobby?"
Zeek picked up the vacuum and walked past her as he left the room. "He's in the vacuum, Mrs. Kravtiz."
"The vacuum?" she asked, following him down the hallway.
Zeek stopped and held it up. "He's a whole lot of ghost, but he's in there all right."
"But how?"
"A bag of salt, a bucket of tar, a paint brush. The usual stuff for a ghost trap." Zeek shrugged and continued to walk.
'Is ... is he okay?"
"Hell no!" he spat. "He's frying as we speak."
"What?" she cried. "Oh-no, my poor, Bobby."
Zeek stopped and placed a hand on her shoulder. "It's okay, Mrs. Kravitz. It's the only way. He'll give up soon enough and go to the light."
She looked up at him with teary eyes. "Truly?"
"Zeek's honor," he said, holding up two fingers. "At least I figure that's what happens. Always ends up empty so they have to go somewhere, right?" he laughed awkwardly.
"I-I suppose so," she said, slightly dazed. "Thank you, Mr. Crabtree, for helping my husband."
"No problem, Mrs. Kravitz." Zeek took his fee, and stopped at the door on the way out. "And remember, if you ever need a ghost cleaner, be sure to call Zeek Crabtree."
 

THREE

The Roaches Motel, Route 50, Chicago . . .
 
Zeek stood at his door, facing the number thirteen as he fiddled with his key, simultaneously holding onto his brown paper-bag of groceries. There was a knack for getting the key to work. It took careful, persistent wriggling, and a tongue held out in concentration.
"Just 'cause I can't pay my rent don't make me no floozy!"
Zeek turned his head to see Mr. Moore, the landlord, hobble out of room fifteen, his pants half down and struggling to get a shoe on. The other shoe came hurtling out of the open door and the man ducked just in time for it to go sailing over the railing, landing on the parking-lot below. The door slammed shut.
Zeek's slow, careful wriggling of the key suddenly turned into fast, urgent thrusts.
"Come on! Work you stupid key," he muttered.
A moment later he felt a presence behind him and turned to see Mr. Moore staring down on him with wide eyes, brows lifted, pushing folds of skin up into his frizzy hair.
"How long you been standing there, Crabshit?" The man was holding onto his pants, stopping them from falling.
"I-I heard nothing, Mr. Moore."
"You got my rent money yet?"
"Ah, sure." Zeek grabbed his wallet from the back pocket of his jeans and awkwardly held his groceries as he handed every scrap of cash he had to the man.
"You shittin' me? That's barely half."
"I'll pay the rest next week."
Mr. Moore stood to his fall height, crossing his arms in a rigid scowl. His pants slipped down to his ankles, showing off his love-heart patterned underpants.
"I'm no floozy, either, Mr. Moore," said Zeek, and he stepped into his apartment and shut the door.
Zeek's cat, Pickles, wound figure eights between his legs as he walked to the table. He stumbled in circles on his toes, carefully avoiding treading on his cat. Then he dropped the grocery bag down, threw his keys next to it, and crouched to give Pickles a scratch on the cheek. The brown tabby purred and swished his tail about with contentment.
Then Zeek snatched the cat up from under the arms, and held Pickles face to face with him, kissing the air between them. "Who's a cute, kitty? Yes you are. Yes you are!"
Pickles stared blankly at Zeek, who was still kissing the air. "Are you a hungry, kitty? Are you? Are you?"
The cat meowed. Zeek placed him down, reached into the grocery bag, and pulled out a box of dried cat food.
"Now, I know how much you love the chicken and turkey, but I thought I might spoil you with seafood tonight. Salmon and shrimp!" Zeek sniffed the box and tried one, scrunching up his face. "All yours kitty."
The box rattled as the dried food tumbled into Pickles' dish. The cat sniffed it and began crunching it down. Zeek patted him a few more times, and as he did so, the room suddenly grew dark and heavy. As if a storm cloud had made its way into his small apartment.
Zeek's brow furrowed as shadows stretched, the air growing crisp with an icy chill. His eyes narrowed, glancing to his room, thinking about his cupboard and the hammer on the top shelf. His crowbar sat in the boot of his car, but iron is iron when it comes to spirit energy.
A presence filled his apartment and the sheer force of it made him take a step back. Pickles stopped eating and hissed out at the shadows, hairs standing on end. 
Zeek's skin crawled, as if a million baby spiders hatched from his pores, running up his spine, meeting at his scalp and causing all his hairs to mimic Pickle's back.
"Who's there?" he cried out.
Pickles meowed before leaping up into Zeek's arms.
 Zeek pulled Pickles tighter into his chest. "Show yourself!" he cried.
Before him, the surrounding black shadows slithered like serpents, coalescing into form: a tall, dark figure with a flowing black cloak and hood. A red skinned hand grasped a tall scythe, and the other lifted with an outstretched finger. 
The air sucked out of the room and a deep resonating voice boomed around him. "Zeek, Tobias, Solomon, CRABTREE."
The words that came next chilled Zeek to his bones ? 


FOUR
 
"W-who are you?" Zeek cried, his voice trembling with fear.
"I am DEATH!"
"Death? The Death? But I'm too young to die!" Zeek held out Pickles with straight arms. "Can't you take Pickles instead? He's old."
The cat meowed.
"I am not here for your soul, mortal. You see that which others can not. I am in need of such a skill."
"You want my help?"
"Three Earth days ago, the veil to the Underworld was torn open in Chicago's Chinatown."
"The Underworld? You mean hell?"
"Indeed, Spirit Hunter. And from the torn veil a group of souls escaped into the realm of the living." The voice belonged to the cloaked figure, yet the deep resonance surrounded Zeek, pressing against him in a near physical force. "Bring them to me so I may return them to their rightful place in eternal hellfire."
Zeek filled his cheeks up with air, then released it in an enormous sigh. "Ah, look. I'm grateful for the job offer. Really, I am. Super generous of you, Death. But the thing is I deal with more domestic hauntings, you know, evil librarian, diaper wearing man-child. That sort of thing. Can't you do it?"
"In the time I have spoken to you, twenty-nine souls await my hand. Time is against me, Spirit Hunter. And so this task I give to you." Death pointed a long withered finger at him.
Zeek stared at it. "And if I say no?"
"Refuse and the death's they cause will be on your head. For that I will plunge your soul into the depths of hellfire for all eternity."
"That's a little extreme."
"In return for your service, mortal, I offer you one token favor." Death reached into his cloak and withdrew a golden coin. Then as he held it out to Zeek, the coin lifted and spun, crossing the divide between them and freezing before Zeek's eyes, floating as if in space. Zeek reached out and took the coin.
He was expecting something ancient and powerful, something from an Indiana Jones' movie or Pirates of the Caribbean. Powerful it may have been, but there were not intricate carvings or designs. There were, however, English words etched onto its surface.
Zeek read it aloud. "One token favor for Zeek Tobias Solomon Crabtree. This soul token must be redeemed only by the entity of Death himself. Reapers do not hold the authority to validate this token." Zeek turned the coin over and read on. "One token per person, per life time. Thank you."
"One favor," said Death.
"Yeah, I gathered. What sort of favor?"
"I am Death. A reunion with kin if you so wish. Or perhaps another chance at life, when the end so comes ..."
Zeek thought about that.
"Do not fail me, mortal. My messenger will be in contact soon."
"Wait!"
But in that instant, Death vanished, and just like that, the oppressing darkness lifted. Light returned to the apartment, and Zeek looked around, wondering for a moment if he had imagined the whole thing. Only he was still holding the coin.
He pushed it into his pocket and looked down at Pickles, who had returned to eating his food.
"Sorry Pickles," he said, giving the cat a scratch. "I wouldn't let that big bad Death take you."
The sound that came from Pickles sounded oddly like grumble.
Zeek opened a bag of crisps, flicked on the TV and collapsed on the couch, thinking about what had happened. 
Death wanted his help. Was there no one else in all the world? Why had he come to him? Zeek reached into his pocket and slid out the coin, thinking about the favor he could ask of Death. He had been given two possibilities: one, to survive death, when it came for him. He cocked a brow and said, "Hey, cool! Free life." But then he thought of the other option, the one where he could talk to someone from beyond the grave. Zeek's expression turned solemn and he rubbed his thumb over the coin, feeling a strange, prickly sensation radiating from the precious metal.
Pickles leapt up onto his lap and Zeek scratched at the cat's ears and under his chin.
There was an attractive blonde on the TV reading the latest news report: "A violent crime spree is tearing through Chicago, and the Police Department has of yet no answers to the sudden spike in criminal activity..."
Zeek looked down at his cat and sighed. "Looks like it's gonna be a long week, Pickles."

FIVE

Zeek woke to a knock at the door. He was lying sideways on his couch, and a river of drool flowed from his mouth. He sat bolt upright, upturning a precariously balanced bowl of popcorn. 
Pickles opened his sleepy eyes from beside him.
The knock came again and Zeek sprang up from the couch, popcorn cascading from his body. He looked down at himself. He was practically naked, wearing only his Zelda boxer shorts.
"The messenger is here!" he said to Pickles, and his cat stood up and stretched into the shape of a rainbow. "I should put some clothes on."
The knock came again. "Coming," he yelled, and darted into his room, searching for his jeans. He caught sight of himself in the mirror. His unruly hair was pressed up on one side, making him look like he'd gone to the barber and asked for the bookend. He franticly licked his fingers and pressed his hair down. It sprang back. 
Pickles strolled into the doorway and began licking his paw and wiping at his ear.
"Just like that, huh?" Zeek said, and Pickles blinked a few times, then sat on his bum and began cleaning other areas of his body.
The knock came again, faster and harder.
"All right, already!" Zeek gave up on getting dressed and darted out of the bedroom, striding over to the door, still furiously pressing his hair down. He peeked through the peephole and took in the face of a teenager with a giant zit on the end of a round nose. The peephole magnified it, and it looked like a cream cheese volcano.
Zeek pressed his back against the door and said, "He's here!" Then he shivered, thinking about the volcano. "Man that thing is dis-gus-ting."
"Yeah," came a voice from behind the door. "I can hear you. Can you answer your door now, sir?"
Zeek jumped back, took a breath, and pulled open the door. 
The guy stood before him, wearing a brown uniform and cap, staring Zeek up and down. "They're some lovely boxers you have on, sir."
Zeek leaned forward, until his head stuck out from his apartment, forcing the guy to lean backward. Zeek looked left and right down the platform, then held his hand up to the side of his mouth and whispered, "Are you him?"
"Ah, am I who?"
"The messenger."
"Um, is this apartment number thirteen, Roaches Motel?"
Zeek nodded with wide eyes. "Tell me your message so I can complete Death's mission and bring the fugitives to justice!" Zeek clenched his fist between them.
The guy looked at his fist. "Ah, sure thing, just sign here, sir." He reached out with an electronic device and gave Zeek the stylus pen. 
Zeek signed a Z on the screen, just like Zorro. 
The delivery guy pulled a small box from behind him and handed it to Zeek, before turning and walking away, feet turned outward like a duck. "Yep, that one takes the cake."
Zeek watched after him with narrowed eyes, then shut the door and looked at the box in his hands, turning it over. His expression of curiosity warped into a gleaming smile. "Holy smoke grenades! A delivery from Death." He tore off the padded wrapping and stared down at the packaging. "BBQ Lightsaber Tongs? Hey, I ordered these."
"You've got to be kidding me."
Zeek snapped his gaze up to see an attractive young woman sitting on his couch.
"Aargh!" He screamed, then dropped the tongs and covered his nipples with his hands.
The girl sat with boots up on the coffee table, legs crossed, wearing purple striped stockings under a denim skirt. She had a black hoodie and a canvas messenger bag across her lap. Her shoulder length hair was grape-purple, and her face was young, cute, with a button nose.
"Please tell me you're not the Spirit Hunter," she said.
"I ... ah, who are you, and how did you get into my apartment?" Zeek looked around.
"I'm Death's messenger."
Zeek turned to look back at the door, pointing a finger at it. "Then who was ... ooooh." He looked down at himself, and rubbed at his bookend hair self-consciously. "Do you mind if I put some clothes on?"
"The damage is done I'm afraid. I can't un-see that." She stood up and crossed her arms, leaning her weight on one foot. "Let's get the intros over with. Name's Bess, and you, I'm guessing, are the Spirit Hunter."
"Actually, I prefer the term Ghost Cleaner. I consulted a marketing team one time, and they thought it best I go with that title because it's more approachable."
Bess stared with wide eyes. "Well, Zeek, the Ghost Cleaner, I'll be assisting you in hunting down hell's fugitives."
Zeek's eyes widened and a broad smile broke out across his face. "You mean like a sidekick?"
Bess's brow furrowed. "No. Not at all like a sidekick."
"Will you be by my side as I hunt down the bad guys?"
"Well, technically ..."
"Yes!" Zeek sprang into the air. "I have a sidekick!"
"No, you don't have a-" Bess grunted, eyes burning with fury, foot tapping.
"I'll go change!" he said. A second later, his head appeared into the lounge-room. "Make yourself comfortable, sidekick."

SIX
 
Zeek came out with wet hair, wearing blue jeans and his favorite otter T-shirt. 
Bess was sitting on the couch watching TV.
He smiled. "You want a drink or something?"
"No," she said flatly. "What took you so long? We've got work to do."
"Huh? I had to find my clothes and do my hair. It's got a mind of its own. Sometimes I feel like a lion tamer with this thing." He pointed up. "Down boy! Wa-tish!"
Bess shook her head and slid her boots off the table. "We need to sort out some details before we do anything."
"What sort of details?"
"Well, for one I need to know-" Bess cut herself off as she looked at Zeek's T. "What is that?"
He glanced down and stretched his shirt out. "It's an otter in a super hero outfit. I had someone make it for me. See he's got a little mask over his eyes."
"You had that made?"
"Of course. Well I drew it. Don't you get it? It's a UFO." Zeek smiled. "Unidentified-"
"Yeah ... flying otter. Cute. So as I was saying, first things first, I want an itinerary of what weapons you're equipped with and what sort of skills you have."
"Okay," said Zeek, leaning a shoulder against the wall. "Where do you want me to start?"
"Skills," she said. "What can you do?"
Zeek looked up and to the left, thinking about that. "I guess I can make a pretty mean mac 'n cheese. Oh! And check this out." He grabbed hold of his index finger and starting yanking it. The joint went, pop, pop, pop. "Dislocated joint. Pretty cool, huh?"
"Oh, God," Bess slapped a hand to her head. "This can't be happening. I mean fighting skills. What martial arts do you know?"
"Ah, I guess none, really," he said, thinking hard. "Although ... do you count watching Chuck Norris movies or ..."
"No. Chuck Norris movies do not count in any way whatsoever." She took a deep breath. "Okay, you must have something going for you. What weapons do you have?"
Zeek's eyes narrowed. "Is this an interview? This feel like an interview."
"Just answer the question ... " She forced a smile and held back the words that had come to mind. "Please, Zeek."
"Hm, I guess I've got a primary weapon and a secondary weapon."
"Good. What are we talking? Remington 880 with salt packed shells? Uzi with cold iron rounds? Sword forged in holy water?"
Zeek's eyes grew wide. "Please tell me you've got a sword forged in holy water!"
"No. I'm asking you. What are you packing?"
"Dang. Well my primary weapon is my crowbar. I found it in a dumpster. Can you believe that? Who throws a crowbar away? It did have some blood on it though, so maybe it was used in a violent crime. I couldn't say for sure."
Bess clenched her jaw.
"And my secondary weapon is my vacuum trap. I threw salt at a poltergeist one time, but I got it in my eyes. It stung for days. I couldn't stop crying. People kept asking if I was okay, which was super sweet, but they always reacted badly when I told them how it happened, but I feel honesty is always best."
Bess turned her back on Zeek, a hand on her hip, taking deep breaths and mumbling something about why me?
Zeek suddenly leapt in front of her wielding the light saber BBQ tongs. "YA!" He swung it and the thing buzzed, green LED lights hitting her in the eyes. 
Bess leapt back in fright. Her eyes were wide, expression frozen in disbelief.
"Check it out," he said. "Makes the sound effects and everything." Holding it up in both hands he made long arcs through the air. The saber went KLSCHHHHH! and VUUWWWOOOM!
Zeek nodded his head with a wide smile. "Right? Right?"
"Are you sure you're the Spirit Hunter?"
"Ghost cleaner!" he said with a finger up in exclamation.
 

SEVEN
 
Zeek pulled the door shut and locked it with his key, only the key got stuck. So he poked his tongue out and began fiddling it around in the keyhole.
"This damn key." He pulled hard and the key slid out.
"Did you have to wear that outfit?" Bess asked, waiting with arms crossed.
"You said I was on duty. I always wear my uniform when I'm on duty." He looked down at his hazchem suit. "You don't like it?"
"Wait. You said uniform."
"Yeah?"
"Ah. It makes sense now," she said, a wry smile twisting her mouth. "The sidekick thing and now the suit. You think you're a superhero."
"What? Pfft! No, I don't." He put his lips together and blew a mouth fart.
"I think you do." She crossed her arms. "I bet you even have a name for yourself."
Zeek's eyes suddenly widened and his cheeks blushed. "Quick, we better get out of here before Mr. Moore shows up." And he darted toward the stairwell.
At the bottom of the steps, a teen with coke-bottle glasses and oversized clothes sat fiddling with an old transistor radio .
"Hey, Zeek, my man," he said, reaching up. Zeek put out his gloved hand and they completed a three stage handshake, ending in a fist bump and subsequent explosion with their mouths.
"Heya, Tech, watcha working on?"
"Just some old junk. You'll set for tomorrow night, my man?"
"You know it."
Zeek and Bess continued walking into the parking lot.
"Tomorrow night?" asked Bess.
"Just a tradition we've got going on." Zeek got his keys and stepped up to his car.
"What is that?"
"That," Zeek put his hands on his hips and admired the vehicle, 'is the Z-Mobile." Every time he saw it, he felt a sense of pride, a grin forming across his face.
 Zeek's car was almost an identical twin of the 1976 AMC Pacer in the '92 cult classic, Wayne's World. Although it was the same powder blue, it was missing the flames down the side, and the faded paint was covered in rust. Three worn stickers were stuck on the rear hatch window: I Believe (with an Aliens head beneath it), ACDC, and one of Yoda with the quote, Smell my fumes, you must.
"She's a looker, ain't she?" he asked proudly.
"You could say that."
Zeek opened the rear hatch and checked the vacuum's battery charge.
"Ah-hum." Bess stood with one hand on her hip, looking over the car at Zeek.
"Got a fly in your throat?" he asked.
"Be a gentleman would you."
Zeek frowned, then realized what she meant. He stepped around and opened the door. She climbed in and Zeek slammed it shut with everything he had. She jumped and scowled up at him through the window.
"Sorry, the latch needs to be slammed otherwise it doesn't shut properly," he yelled through the glass, pointing down.
Then he made his way around to his seat, got in, started the engine and pushed the tape into the deck. ACDC's Thunderstruck started playing.
His eyes narrowed and he stared at Bess. "Let's ride." Then he crunched the gears, stalled it twice, and finally left the parking lot of the Roaches Motel in a cloud of white smoke.

EIGHT

"So tell me again why we're going to Lower Wacker Drive?" asked Zeek. "You do know it will be night any moment now."
"I told you. You aren't prepared for battle."
"What does that even mean?"
"It means if you go up against a fugitive with your current arsenal, you'll be dead within the first few seconds. You need weapons."
"But why Lower Wacker Drive? And at night time? It's insane."
"Because that's where the supplier is."
"I've got an idea," he said enthusiastically. "Let's make our own weapons! I'm sure we could do something with some salt shakers, maybe some sticky tape. I could tape them to the sides of my head and spin in circles. What do you think?"
"Okay, cough it up. What's your beef with Lower Wacker?"
"Nothing. Nothing at all. No beef whatsoever with the dark tunnel. Not one little itsy bit. I just love-"
"Whatever!" she snapped, shoulders bunching.
"It's filled with homeless people!" Zeek exploded. "There! I said it. You happy now? The tunnel is filled with homeless people and when night falls, they gather there like frigg'n zombies."
"What's homeless people got to do with anything?"
"I'm hobophobic, all right?" He turned away, ashamed.
"Hobo-what?"
"Hobophobic. I have a phobia of homeless people. I know it's mean, but I can't help it. They scare the bajesus out of me."
"You hunt ghosts for a living and you're afraid of homeless people?"
"I can't vacuum homeless people, Bess . . . although. Hey, do you think-"
"No," she said flatly. "I really don't."
Zeek ejected the cassette tape and flipped it over, shoving it back in and stabbing the play button with his thumb. Highway to Hell began playing and he banged his head along to the intro.
"What did Death tell you about the fugitives?" asked Bess, interrupting the song.
"Ah, that they escaped from hell."
"What else?"
"That if I don't help return them to their rightful place in eternal hellfire, the deaths they cause are on me." Zeek turned the music down and stuck his finger in the air. "Which, for the record, I think is absolute turkey."
"You mean baloney?"
"Whatever."
"You have a responsibility, Zeek. It's like if a nurse sees someone having a heart attack and walks away. Or a policeman sees a handbag thief and turns the other cheek. You have a responsibility to help the living, because you're the only one who can."
Zeek thought about that. "I don't think it's the same thing."
"No?"
"No. Let's just say, theoretically, that if I was eating a Double Decker Taco Supreme on a park bench in Millennium Park, watching the attractive women in their skintight athletic gear running past-"
"Theoretically?" interrupted Bess, an eyebrow cocked.
"Yeah, theoretically. And the super pretty one with pink yoga pants runs past and a ghost starts chasing her around, sure I'll jump in."
"What's your point?"
"Well this is more like a cop in a coffee shop eating donuts, and the bag snatcher is in another part of town."
"It doesn't matter what it is. Death told you to do it, so what choice have you got?"
"Yeah, well, Death's a douche." Zeek turned the stereo up. "He should be chasing these things down, not me." Zeek pressed a thumb into his chest.
"But he chose you, so get over it."
"Shh, it's the chorus!" Zeek jacked up the volume, and started singing, "Highway to hell."
"This is important. You're not playing little league anymore. These things aren't like any spirit you have dealt with bef- will you turn that blasted thing off."
Zeek turned it off and glared at her.
"Thank you," she said. "Now listen, because this is important. These spirits are strong, their souls strengthened in the depths of hellfire. The way steel is forged in fire."
"You mean like Conan the Barbarian on the wheel of pain?"
"I don't know who that is."
"I'll pretend you didn't just say that."
"Think of the souls like a far more potent version of anything you've dealt with before. They're stronger, faster, and some of the more deadly ones can be seen by the living."
Zeek whistled. "You ever taken one down before?"
"No. But it's not the first time one of these things has escaped from hell. History created a name for them and that name became myth. You may have heard of them before." Bess turned to him, serious. "Some people know them as demons."
Zeek swallowed.
"Hence, why you need weapons," she continued. "A crowbar just isn't going to cut it. Not against these things."
"You haven't seen me work. I'm like Casey Jones."
"Who?"
"You know, Casey Jones, from Ninja Turtles? In the first movie, Casey Jones takes down Raphael with a cricket bat. He takes down a ninja, with a cricket bat."
"What's your point?"
"My point is my cricket bat is a crowbar, and even though I don't know ninja, I get the job done."
"I believe it's ninjutsu."
"Whatever."
Spots of rain formed on the windshield and Zeek flicked on the wipers. The left wiper was getting stuck half way up the glass, making piercing screeching sounds.
"So, you work for Death, huh?" he asked.
"That's right."
"How do you get a job like that anyway?"
Bess didn't reply, instead looking out the window.
"Was there much competition?" he continued. "Did you have to take a medical? Urine sample was it?"
Bess turned a darkening glare on Zeek. "It's my business, okay?"
"Your business? You mean like a lawn mowing round? You charge by the hour?"
Bess pressed closer to him, and as Zeek turned to look at her, he backed away from the fury in her dark eyes. "Listen up, 'cause I'm only going to say this once. This here," she pointed between them, "is strictly a business relationship. My business is my business, got it?"
Zeek nodded in a hurry.
Bess retreated back into her seat, folding her arms, and returned her gaze out the window.
"Must have been quite the interview."
Bess's entire body tensed, her jaw pulsating. "Has anyone ever told you how irritating you are?"
"My ex-girlfriend said I was like an insect under her skin. I asked if she meant a love beetle. She ran out screaming." Zeek sighed. "I guess the love beetle bit her too hard, Bess. Just too damn hard."
 

NINE
 
Meanwhile, somewhere else in Chicago . . .
 
Sal "Slick" Santoro sat in the back of his limousine, legs crossed, wearing a ten-thousand dollar suit. Not because it was any better than a suit that cost a tenth of that, but because he could. He held a fat cigar in one hand and a gold case cell in the other, pressed against his ear.
Every day for the past ten years Slick used four fingers worth of boot polish in his hair, then ran a fine-toothed-comb through it. It was the reason he came to be known as Slick. His eyes were smoky, with puffy pillows beneath them, and he had a mouth filled with Tom Cruise style porcelain veneers.
"You tell Lazy Lorenzo I want the shipment of crank in port yesterday. My meateater tells me the bacon is getting hot."
A high-pitched voice came through the receiver. "Hey boss, you think we got a rat?"
"Dunno, Grapes. You keep this close to your chest. You tell no one, you got me? No one."
Slick hung up and slipped the cell into his top pocket, then took a long draw of his cigar, blowing curling tendrils of smoke out his nostrils.
The limo turned into an alleyway beside the Goodfella's Lounge and pulled up beside the private side entrance. Slick put out his cigar in the limo's ashtray and waited a moment for his door to open. He climbed out and looked at his driver.
Vince Pellegrini was a giant of a man, taller than most NBA centers and wider than all of them put together. He was Slick's bodyguard and personal driver. They'd grown up together in the same neighborhood, and Vince looked after him then as he did now.
"How do I look?" Slick asked, pulling at his lapels.
"Like a million bucks, boss," said Vince, smiling with deep dimples in chubby cheeks.
Slick slapped him softly on the cheek a few times. "You're a good boy, Vince. Keep the engine running."
"Sure thing, boss."
Vince shut the car door and watched as his boss and friend walked into the club, the metal door slamming shut behind him. Scanning the alleyway, Vince surreptitiously reached into his inner jacket pocket, pulling out his cell. He dialed a number with fat fingers and pressed the cold glass of the cell to the side of his face and waited. There was a click and a man's voice.
"Go ahead."
"He's bringing it forward."
"Forward?"
"That's what I said. Wants it done immediately so watch the port."
"Good job, Vince," came the voice. "Looks like you won't be going to prison after all. You're kids will thank you for it."
"You just hold up your end of the deal. When this goes down I need to disappear. You got me? Vanish off the face of the Earth."
"That's the deal, daddy-o."
Vince hung up and slid the cell back into his jacket pocket, looked around, fishing for his smokes from another pocket. He pulled one out the box and stuck it in his mouth, shaking his head, feeling the regret settle into the pit of stomach.
He heard a strange sound. A kind of schwip, schwip, schwip, followed by a giggle, high and sweet. He paused the lighter before it lit the cigarette, holding it in midair, watching the alleyway.
"Hello?" he called out, letting the cancer stick dangle in his mouth.
The laugh came again. Vince stepped in front of the limo. "Someone there?"
Then he heard singing. A soft, gentle singing, like a little girl playing in the park, singing a tune with a friend. Only the song wasn't in English. Vince moved down the alleyway, glancing at the dumpsters along the way, thinking the song sounded Chinese, or Japanese.
"Hello?" he called out, a little louder this time, spitting his cigarette away.
The singing was getting closer now as he stepped down the alleyway, and as he moved toward it, he realized it was coming from behind one of the dumpsters.
He approached, stepped around it. 
A girl crouched in the corner where it met the alley's brick wall. She was facing away from him, arms tucked into herself, and she was wearing white roller skates, a tartan skirt, and a white shirt. Like a school uniform.
She stopped singing.
"Are ... are you okay, little girl?" he asked.
She didn't respond and Vince took a step closer. He held a hand out, reaching out to touch her shoulder. He paused as she began to stand.
Standing to her fall height, Vince realized she wasn't as young as he had first thought. She turned on her white skates and unfurled her arms. But they weren't arms at all. They were steel blades, strapped to her elbows with leather belts. Her pitch-black hair hung perfectly straight, framing her pale face, and two, hollow, black voids filled her eye sockets.
Vince gaped in horror, frozen stiff. "Oh my Go-" was all he said.
The girl thrust her sword arms into the man's belly, bursting through his giant back. He slid down the blades until he was inches from her face. He stared at her, head trembling, eyes wide.
Then the girl's lips curled up in a smile, and without a shred of mercy, she tore the blades out of him, sideways. There was a sickening slice and blood spattered the alleyway walls.
The song started once more, light and happy, and faded away against the backdrop of grinding skates on bitumen.

TEN
 
Zeek drove slowly in the dark tunnel of Lower Wacker Drive, scanning the shadows, the nooks and crannies, the dumpster spaces and vehicle parking lots. "Oh God. They're everywhere, Bess!"
"Who are?"
"The homeless people."
"I see one homeless man. And he's asleep!"
"That's when they're most dangerous." Zeek's eyes widened. "We should get out of here. Right now, before it's too late."
"You're being irrational."
"Am I? Am I, Bess?"
 "Yes. Now park in there." Bess pointed toward an area with a dumpster, beside a loading dock, a roller door, and a metal door stained in graffiti.
Zeek pulled into the no-parking zone, shutting off the engine, yet the screeching wiper continued its stilted action across the windscreen glass.
"You can stop that now," said Bess.
"Stop what?"
"The wiper."
"Is it bothering you?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Turn the engine off!"
Zeek pulled the key and it came to a stop, then he looked around, glancing over one shoulder, then the other. "You think it's safe?"
"Yes," she said. "I think it's safe. Come on, get my door."
"Your door? Gees, haven't you heard, chivalry died when top hats went out."
Bess glared.
"Okay, okay."
Zeek opened her door with an over exaggerated bow. "Me, lady." Then he followed her over to the graffiti-stained door hidden in the shadows.
"Go on in," she told him.
Zeek's brow creased. "Are you sure this is the place?"
"I'm sure."
He shrugged, pulled it open, and stepped into what could only be described as a church for the worship of all things deadly and awesome. Isles of munitions lined the room, and the walls were blacked out in an arsenal fit for a zombie invasion on an epic scale. There were machetes, swords, knives, axes, handguns, crossbows, sub-machine guns, shotguns, assault rifles, gas canisters, grenades, flamethrowers. Hell there were even sledge hammers and baseball bats.
Zeek stood in the entrance, arms spread apart, taking it all in, tears forming in his eyes. "It's ... it's so beautiful."
Bess stepped passed him. "Come on."
They made their way to the front of the shop, up to a long glass counter filled with more weapons. There was a collection of knives from two inch folding knives to twenty-four inch Bowie knives, along with knuckle dusters, something which looked like Wolverine's claws, a collection of Tazers, and a dozen Wild West revolvers, one fitted with a laser sight.
The man behind the counter was an enormous biker looking dude, wearing wraparound sunglasses with a white scraggly beard and a sleeveless flannel shirt. The bold colors tattooed over his arms depicted a vast collection of supernatural creatures: vampires, warewolves, zombies, demons, morphing shape-shifters, an octopus looking thing, and most dangerous of all, the Cookie Monster.
"Welcome to Hunterland, name's Biff."
"Biff?" Zeek squealed. He turned and looked at Bess. "Oh this just keeps getting better. Biff, let me congratulate you on an awesome shop. You know, if you put out some signage, I would have found this place a lot sooner. Ever tried Facebook advertising?"
Biff stared at Zeek with a flat pan expression. "No."
"Well if you need some help with that, I know a great marketing team. Anyways, I'm looking for weapons made out of iron."
"Ghost hunting and zombies are all in isle one. Warewolves and vamps are in two. Witches, gremlins, ghouls, shape-shifters, isle three. Fae creatures all in isle four."
Zeek gaped. "I'm sorry. Did you just say what I thought you just said-"
Hands grabbed hold of him and dragged him away from the counter.
"Bess, did you hear what he said? I'm pretty sure he said vampires ... vampires!"
"You hunt ghosts. Other people hunt other things. This is a shop for hunters."
"I'm sorry, are you trying to tell me those things actually exist?"
"Is it so hard to believe? You hunt poltergeists for a living, Zeek?"
"Spirits above!"
"Come on," she said, and led the way to isle one.
Zeek stared up at the wall, reaching out but unsure what to take first. 
"You'll need a vacuum with more suction power."
Zeek took in a sudden breath. "Is that ... the Vac-U-Suck One Billion?" He laughed like a hungry stoner, taking it off the wall. "Duel battery pack, reinforced salt-crusted casing, turbo suction. Holy smoke grenades!" Then he saw the price tag and his shoulders dropped. "I can't afford any of this stuff, Bess."
"Take this." And she held out a black card.
"What's this?"
"A credit card."
"Yes, but why are you giving it to me?"
"You work for Death now. You get a work expenses account. One of the perks of the job. Hey, are ... are you okay?"
Zeek's eyes were bubbling with tears, his bottom lip quivering. "If Death wasn't blackmailing me with my soul, this would be the greatest day of my life."
Bess rolled her eyes. "Grab the iron police tonfas. They're good for defense and attack and aren't difficult to use. Perfect for you."
"What about the Raphael scythes?" Zeek pointed.
"Sure. And grab the chain as well."
"Whol! Check it out, ninja stars." Zeek dropped everything he was holding and pulled half a dozen off the wall, fanning them in his hands in front of oversized eyes.
"Have you ever thrown ninja stars before?" Bess asked.
"No, but come on, like that matters. They're ninja stars, Bess. Ninja stars!"
Zeek unloaded a small arsenal onto the counter, following it with the vacuum cleaner. He then pulled the handful of ninja stars from his pockets and dropped them on top of everything else with a clash of steel.
"Grab the police scanner," said Bess.
"I'll take a long range police scanner, too, my good man," Zeek said, leaning against the counter proudly.
Biff turned around and took one off the shelf, adding it to the pile.
"Do you sell any Tums? I'm getting a little indigestion," Zeek said, rubbing his belly.
"No."
"Wow, that's a hell of a shotgun you've got on the wall there."
Biff pulled it off the wall-mount. "This is the Mossberg 930 Tactical. Eighteen and a half inch barrel, seven rounds plus one in the chamber, mountable scope, or swap it over for a red dot. Blast a good sized hole in most of the supernatural variety." Biff worked the action. "Hell of a weapon."
"You think I should get it?"
"Your money, kid."
"Sorry I was talking to her."
"Who?"
"Her." Zeek turned around to see Bess walking out of the shop
"There's no one there, kid. You came in alone."
 

ELEVEN

Zeek exited Hunterland with his arms piled high, barely able to see over the mountain of hardware. Biff pulled the door shut behind him and the sound resonated around the tunnel.
As Zeek approached, Bess had her legs hugged into herself, sitting on the bonnet of the Z-Mobile.
"Hey," he said.
"Hey," she said, averting her eyes.
Zeek bent down and released the weight of the weaponry onto the ground, his back cracking. "That stuff weighs a ton."
Bess glanced over at him, before looking away again. He approached, rubbing his back. He paused. "You're ... you're dead, aren't you?"
She nodded imperceptibly, not meeting his eyes.  
"But ghosts ...  they can't stay in this world. They get the black eyes and go all Joaquin Phoenix in the head."
"I'm not a ghost, Zeek."
He spoke quietly. "What are you then?"
"I'm a wraith."
"Oh, a wraith. That makes sense." He nodded seriously.
"You don't know what that is, do you?"
"Not a clue."
"Let's just say Death held back on his delivery. I kept my sanity, but ..."
"But what?"
"I'm stuck here. Forever. Never ageing, never dying. Invisible to everyone."
"Not everyone."
Bess looked up at Zeek, and he was smiling at her. "I see you." He shrugged one shoulder.
She rolled her eyes and smiled from the corner of her mouth. Zeek hopped up onto the bonnet beside her and the springs creaked under the added weight. "Hey, I just thought of something."
"What?"
"You never have to pay for a movie ticket!"
Bess's half smiled turned into a full one and she punched his arm.
"Ow!" he said rubbing it. "Hey, I felt that."
"I can touch things. I can press my will onto the world. Only if I touch anything metal, say a car door, or handle, it burns me. Actually anything with iron burns like hell."
"Oh, that sucks. Hey, what did you mean when you said Death held back?"
Her smile vanished and she looked away. "I told you once already. My business is my own, okay?"
"Sorry, I-"
There was a crackle from somewhere in the mountain of weaponry and a woman's voice followed. "All available units, we have a 187 at the Goodfella's Lounge. Please be advised, perpetrator may still be in the area. Consider the person to be armed and dangerous. Possibly ..." The dispatch woman paused a moment. "Possibly armed with a sword," she finished.
Zeek turned to Bess. "187. That's a homicide."
"Could be one of ours," she said ominously. "You ready to pop your cherry, Spirit Hunter?"
Zeek's eyes narrowed. "I was born ready."
"You got a dollar?" came a voice over his shoulder.
Zeek's eyes went wide as he slowly turned his head. A homeless man reached toward him with a tattered glove and dirty, long-nailed fingers. Zeek screamed like a helpless girl in a horror movie, and darted for his door.

TWELVE

The alleyway beside the Goodfella's Lounge had undergone a makeover, using this season's in-color fashion of blood red, and the law enforcement of Chicago had come to watch the opening show. 
The scene of Vince Pellegrini's massacre had been cordoned off with yellow police tape, and inside the VIP area were the suit-wearing detectives of Chicago PD.
Zeek and Bess sat across the street of the alleyway entrance, watching the show from within the Z-Mobile. Two bodybuilder police officers stood watch at the entrance like bouncers, keeping out the commoners and riffraff. This was an exclusive show, for invites only.
"We need to take a closer look," said Bess.
"Gotta get past Biceps and No-neck first. I tried to put on some muscle once," Zeek said, looking over at Bess. "Joined a Curves and everything."
"That's a women's only gym."
"Yeah, I know. I was working out for a whole month before I found out."
"How did they not know you were a man?"
Zeek shrugged. "Dunno. Think it had something to do with my gym outfit. Fabletics, by Kate Hudson. Turns out they're only for women as well. Can you believe it?" He rolled his eyes, vexed by it all.
"It's a head-scratcher," she replied dryly. "Come on, let's go."
Zeek and Bess waited for a gap in the traffic before crossing the street in a hurry, diverging halfway across, Zeek to the left, and Bess straight toward the officers. She walked between the two without breaking their conversation, with Zeek waiting in the wings. She waited for him to get into position, then booted a trashcan. The thing rattled and the lid spun off like a coin, before rolling in tight circles and coming to a reverberating stop.
"What the hell was that?" asked Biceps.
"An alley cat?" asked No-neck.
Biceps shrugged, but the distraction was enough for Zeek to sneak behind the duo and into the alleyway. As he did, he heard their brief conversation.
"So do you think I'm right?" Biceps asked, continuing where he'd left off.
"Why would Slick whack his own driver?" asked No-neck. "That ain't good detecting work, Brian."
"What do you think happened, Mr. Smarty-pants?"
"I dunno. Invisible aliens hiding in dumpsters?" The two beefcakes burst into laughter. It lasted a whole two seconds before dying in their mouths, both men turning their gazes back to the trashcan.
Zeek approached the crime scene in his best sneaky stealth walk, which resembled an appalling stereotypical cartoon thief on tiptoes. Bess walked beside him in her usual manner, staring at him cock-eyed.
"What are doing?" she asked.
"Sneaking. We can't all be invisible, you know."
Zeek's sneaking was surprisingly effective, having made it all the way to the yellow tape without being spotted, and now he stood frozen, a horrified expression across his face.
The man's body had been cut in two from the chest, and blood spattered the walls in a butterfly shaped pattern.
"Man," whispered Zeek, his face paling.
Bess shook her head. "This is bad. See that?" She pointed and Zeek followed her finger, seeing the two sets of blood tracks around the body, vanishing fifteen feet up the alleyway. As if the blood on the skates had finally worn off ... or whoever was wearing them had vanished.
 There were two detectives in the VIP zone. The guy was short, about 5'5", with brushed silver hair, and a face you could sharpen a bowie knife on, potholed like a piece of bubble wrap in the hands of a sexually deprived nymphomaniac. He wore an open trench coat, his hands buried deep in the pockets, gray slacks, and a tie so short it could be used as a bookmark.
The woman he was talking with was his complete opposite. She was six foot nothing, with skin so smooth she could advertise Aloe Vero, the plant, as some nature angel sent from the heavens. Her eyes were deep brown, and it matched her hair which had been pulled back tight into a ponytail. She wore a black pant suit, with a gold badge on her belt, alongside the Glock on her hip.
"What a God damn mess," said the jockey detective, running a hand through his silver hair. Zeek imagined the man spending his nights at home getting ready for a nightly ritual of sandpaper face rubbing, beginning with a heavy, course grit, and working his way through to a fine smooth finish. Oh, yeah, that feels good. Zeek reminded himself to keep his attention on the task at hand, when the short detective spotted him, cold gray eyes taking him in.
"Who the God damned hell are you?" he snapped.
"Hi." Zeek smiled and waved. "I'm just a concerned citizen, detective. What are we looking at here?" Zeek placed his fists on his hips and glanced over the crime scene once more.
The two detectives turned to each other in surprised astonishment.
"I don't know what you're looking at," said Detective Sandpaper, "but I'm looking at Radioactive Man about to get arrested for sticking his nose in police business."
Zeek frowned, looking hurt. "I just want to help Detective. I'm quite a good investigator myself, you know. Maybe we can trade some ideas. What've you got?"
"The only thing you'll be trading is your freedom." He called out to Biceps and No-neck, who turned and realized someone had gotten past their defenses. They ran toward Zeek with bowed bulging legs, and arms spread out like aeroplane wings.
"Hey," said Biceps. "Where'd you come from?"
"Just get him outta here," ordered Sandpaper.
They grabbed him by the arms and Zeek shared a momentary gaze with the woman, whose coffee eyes were deeply focused on him for a moment, before she turned back to the scene.
Zeek left with the heavies, led out of the dark alleyway and back onto the street, where the bouncers let him go as if he were being evicted from a club. Zeek was waiting for one of them to say, 'And don't come back.' But instead got, "Stay out of our way, punk."
Zeek brushed his sleeves down where they'd manhandled him and turned to face them. "Are either of you suffering from Gynecomastia?"
The two gave each other sideways glances, hoping the other one would know what the kid was on about. Zeek helped them out. "Otherwise known as man boobs, commonly associated with the overuse of steroids. 'Cause when you two were running it looked like I was watching the Baywatch intro."
"Keep moving kid, before we lock you up for interfering with an investigation."
"Yeah!" reaffirmed No-neck.
Zeek walked away and after several steps turned around to make sure they weren't following him. They weren't. Both cops were squeezing each others' chests with hands formed like sock puppets.
* * *
"Radioactive Man. That's not your superhero name is it?"
"Pfft! No way. Mine is way cooler." Zeek's eyes widened like dish-plates. "I mean ... if I had one. Which I absolutely do not, because that would be ridiculous." He ran ahead and got the door for her, before moving around to the driver's side. He slid into his seat and said, "So you think one of these fugitives killed the guy in the alleyway?"
"I think so," she said. She pulled her messenger bag onto her lap and opened the flap, digging a hand into the open satchel and withdrawing a singular manila folder.
"What have you got there?" he asked, peering over at the file.
"You saw the blood tracks?"
"Yeah, strange. It's almost as if a kid showed up with a remote control car and started running circles in the dead guy's blood."
Bess's brows knitted together. "I was thinking more along the lines of roller skates."
"Oh." Zeek scratched his head. "That works, too."
Bess opened the manila folder. "I've got an idea of who we're dealing with."
"What's with the file?" he asked, trying to get a better look.
"This here," Bess patted her messenger bag, "is kind of like a filing cabinet, filled with an endless catalog of souls. We call them Soulfiles."
"No way!"
"I think I know who we're dealing with because she's kind of unique. If I'm right I- what are you doing?"
Zeek was starring at the messenger bag, moving closer toward it. "Huh? Oh, sorry. Who would've thought a powerful relic would look like a teenage girl's rucksack?"
"It's my rucksack. Death did something to it, obviously. And I'm twenty."
"Oh. I thought it was strange an ancient bag holding every file on every soul would have a Pacman patch. I know Pacman's been around a while but-"
"Her name's Kyoto Nakahara."
"Say again?"
"Do you have ADHD or something?"
"Why, do I stink?" He sniffed his armpit.
Bess clenched her teeth. "It's kind of difficult trying to hold a conversation with you. Kyoto Nakahara. I think that's who we're dealing with."
"Who's she?"
"I'm going to show you her file."
Zeek tried to take a look, but Bess put up a hand to stop him. "Be warned," she said sternly. "Reading a Soulfile is not for the faint of heart. It takes a little getting used to."
"You mean like Oprah not being on the TV anymore?"
"No! It ... it can just feel strange is all."
"Am I going to get a paper cut?" His eyes narrowed.
"No."
"Does the paper feel chalky? I really hate things that feel chalky."
"I can't tell if you're trying to be an idiot, or it just comes naturally."
Zeek shrugged his shoulders. "I am who I am."
"All right. Go on, touch it," she said.
"I think we should probably get to know each other better first."
"The file! TOUCH THE DAMN FILE!" She was breathing hard.
Zeek blushed, reached over and placed a hand on it, and in that instant, he realized he had made a terrible mistake. He yelped, and his entire soul was sucked out of his body and into the folder.
 

THIRTEEN
 
Zeek fell through time and space at ludicrous speed, his body toppling out of control, and into a dark void of nothingness. A world between worlds. And as he floated in that nothingness, a place which could only be described as the beginning and end, the womb and the silence, Zeek had only one thought, and he said: "I feel like a cheeseburger." His voice sounded like a distant echo within the world of nothingness, but then from the darkness and endless expanse, he saw something. Grinning, he began to swim toward it, breaststroke style.
A Polaroid photograph floated in the darkness. Zeek reached out with rubber gloved hands, and as he brushed against it with reaching fingers, the thing spun in the air, as if he were in outer space. He reached again and grabbed hold of it, brought it close to him and gazed upon the picture. 
It was a family photograph of a young Asian girl and her mom and dad. They were all smiling, and as Zeek stared at it, he found himself being drawn into it, and a moment later, he was standing in a world of black and white, on the street, looking at a Japanese style house.
"It's her house," came a voice and Zeek turned to see Bess standing beside him. "Watch," she said pointing. 
He turned back to the house and a young girl rolled out of the front door on skates, her father holding her hand. They were laughing as he helped her down the steps and onto the drive. He held her hands as she skated. The girl's mother came out to watch, smiling and clapping her hands.
They were all smiling, and the young girl was laughing.
"It's her happiest memory," said Bess.
"Where are we?"
"In a temporary time window. The year is 1976, and we're in Japan."
"Are you the ghost of Christmas past?"
"It's not Christmas, Zeek, and this isn't your past."
Out of nowhere, a limousine ran into them, and Zeek yelped as it passed straight through his body. The car stopped, and an ageing Japanese man with a suit, white hair, and sun spots got out. He smiled at Kyoto, and she awkwardly skated toward him, leaping into his arms.
"The old man is Takamatzu. He is the boss of the Japanese Yakuza, and Kyoto's grandfather."
The image of the house and Kyoto hugging the old man faded away like ink running in the rain, and a new colorless image appeared before them. This one inside the home. It was dark. The family were sleeping. Zeek watched on as a window was silently opened, and a man in black pajamas slid into the house. A blade shone in the night.
"Oh no," said Zeek, then he cupped a hand over his mouth. "We need to do something."
"We can't. This is but an echo."
"What's going to happen?"
The man in the pajamas slid back a paper frame door, and moved silently into the room. There was a scream, and black blood spattered against the paper door, sounding like a sudden gush of rain against an umbrella.
Then the little girl came running out from another room.
"No," cried Zeek.
"She can't hear you."
The girl ran into her parent's room. Zeek ran behind her. He wanted to grab the little girl. To save her. He reached his hands around her and they passed straight through, as if she were a projection. Then the ninja was in front of him and the little girl. She screamed. The blade shone once more, this time stained in her parent's black blood. The katana came down, and Zeek fell on his backside and scampered back.
"No," he cried.
The girl turned and stared through Zeek, blood falling from the stumps of her arms. Then the ninja was gone, and Kyoto passed out, silently falling to the ground.
"Her parents were murdered by a ninja assassin," Bess explained. "Sent as payback to her crime lord Grandfather over a deal gone bad. The screams alerted others and remarkably Kyoto survived the attack."
The image fell away once more, water through ink, rolling like black tears in a dark world, and a new image formed. Kyoto stood before her grandfather, with healed stumps at her elbows. She knelt down before him and another man stepped up to her holding a silk pillow. On top of the pillow were two slender blades, ending in cups and leather straps.
"Her grandfather raised Kyoto to become an assassin in her own right."
"He did what?" Zeek turned to Bess, eyes wide.
"And she took the duty on wholeheartedly."
The world shifted in inky images, Kyoto growing older, more deadly, and in each haunting apparition, she was slaughtering man after man. "Her calling card were the white skates on her feet and the blades on her arms. She became the most feared assassin in all of Japan. They called her Suketagaru. Translation: the Skater Girl."
Zeek watched on in horror as each gruesome image outdid the last, limbs flying, heads rolling, black blood exploding.
"In 1994, the Tokyo Police tracked Kyoto down, and chased her across the city rooftops."
Zeek watched on as the inky world morphed into Japanese police officers running, jumping, chasing after her across rooftops as she sped away on her skates, leaping the great crevasses between buildings.
"They came with numbers, and the police surrounded her from all directions, until cornering her on a single rooftop.
"They wanted her alive for what she knew about the Yakuza . . . they should have killed her."
More than a dozen police officers surrounded her with batons, and she went to work. She used a spin attack cutting down three men, kicked another in the face with a skate. A blade exited through a man's skull and she made quick work of two more with a punching typewriter attack, blades thrusting chests like pistons. 
Zeek's eyes were wide with awe at her cold murderous fury. Ten men lay butchered, and the rooftop had been stained black with their blood.
The next wave of police officers were done with batons, and opened fire with their pistols. Her agile, athletic body was no match. She vibrated with a barrage of bullets punching through her body. Then she slowly rolled backwards on her skates, until one last shot pushed her over the edge.
The image coalesced to form Kyoto's bloodied face, falling in slow motion from the rooftop, until the fall ended against the hard ground. A single tear fell from beneath an eye, and her pupils expanded like drops of ink in water. Zeek stared down at her broken bloodied body, her lifeless black eyes, his chest rising quickly with fast breaths.  
And in an instant, it all unraveled, and a tide pulled against him, sucking him from the black and white world of death, and returning him to the present, back within the Z-Mobile. Zeek's hand sat atop the manila folder, and he withdrew it as if it were in a scolding fire.
Zeek stared at Bess, trembling, his face pale.
"Kyoto 'Skater Girl' Nakahara. That's who we're up against."
Zeek didn't speak. He just turned away. When he looked back at Bess he had tears in his eyes. "The poor girl. It wasn't her fault she became like that. She had everything taken from her, then trained to be a killer. If only someone was there to tell her everything would be all right."
"Zeek, whatever was good in her had well and truly gone by the time she died. It's why she was sent to the depths."
"I just feel ... sorry for her."
"Don't," she said seriously. "These demons are too far gone for sympathy. You hesitate against a demon like Skater Girl, you'll be paying the Ferryman your coins before you can blink."
He didn't respond, just looked out the window.
"Now you know what we're up against. Now you know this isn't a game. This is serious, and if you don't do it right, Zeek, you will die."
He swallowed hard. "You think Skater Girl is just rolling around the city killing random people?"
"No. It's unlikely it's random. She'd be reverting back to her life in some way, and she never killing randomly."
"So how do we track her down?"
"If we can work out how she's choosing her victims, we might be able to find a pattern."
Zeek bit his lip, thinking. "Do you know if she ever killed in Chicago before?"
"No. Her Soulfile says she'd never even been out of Japan before. From what I can see, there's no connection to Chicago at all."
"That's weird. How is she choosing her victims if she's never even been in the city? She wouldn't have a connection to anyone who lives here."
"That's what we need to work out," she said, pushing the Soulfile back into the messenger bag and closing the flap. "And we need to do it fast. Or there's going to be a whole heap more bodies showing up."

FOURTEEN

Meanwhile, a short distance away from the Goodfella's Lounge . . .
 
Brady O'Grady took his seventh shot of whiskey and slammed the glass down on the worn bar. The amber liquid drooled out his cracked lips and down his rough, unshaven chin. He used the back of his hand to wipe it away, and while he was at it, rubbed at his wet nose, sniffing like a trumpet as he did.
"Hey, Jill. Gimme another," he slurred.
The red haired, three-hundred-pound, barwoman stared down at him, Viking forearms crossed over enormous bosoms. "I told you that was your last. No more, Brady." Then she softened and leant her arms onto the bar. "Look, your wife left you. It ain't easy, but drinkin' yasalf to death ain't gonna help nobody. Go sleep it off."
Brady slid off his stool and onto his feet, wobbling a moment. Fumbling into his pocket, he withdrew a gold wedding band.
"It was my fault," he whimpered, looking down on it with sad drunken eyes. "I cheated on her."
Jill stood back up to full height. "And here I was feelin' sorry for your ass."
Brady belched then dropped the wedding ring into his empty glass with a clink, stumbled over the stool, and out of the bar. He kept on stumbling, using the wall of the building as a guide, and followed it around to the side of the establishment where the trash let off a rancid stench. He doubled over and barfed, spattering his boots with alcohol and mashed crisps. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and pushed himself upright using the wall.
He belched again, and that's when he heard it. A feint, small laugh. He looked around, the world warping behind vomit induced tears. He could make out a girl standing ten feet away wearing a school uniform. She had long, lean legs, smooth and white, all the way up to a short tartan skirt.
"Is dat skates you got on, lil' miss?" he mumbled, pointing an unsteady finger.
She giggled again, and Brady pushed himself off the wall, taking a few stumbling steps toward her. She was smiling at him now within perfect white teeth, and Brady grinned back. She had her arms behind her back, one skate up on its toe, the other turned inwards ever so slightly.
"Don't 'spose you want a wee kissy wissy, do ya, gal?" Brady smacked his puke covered lips together a few times, taking another run of drunken steps toward her. Stumbling some more, he stopped directly in front of her. "Oh, you prettier than a picture, ain't ya?" He smiled, but then the warping world had a moment of focus and Brady frowned. "Where's your eyes gone and gone?"
The girl's smile vanished, and two slender blades appeared in the moonlight, glinting like the sun's reflection on buffed steel. There was a stinging slice in the cold night air, and then a hard thump as something the size of a bowling ball hit the ground. Brady O'Grady's body faltered a moment longer, before toppling backwards, thumping onto the ground like a sack of potatoes.
Absolute silence filled the night.
The air stank of blood and booze.
A soft singing began, and the grind of skates rolled away into the darkness.


FIFTEEN
 
"I've got it!" Zeek cried suddenly. "It's a mafia connection! The two cops were talking about some guy named Slick, and how he wouldn't whack his own driver. The dead guy's a mafia man. If she was an assassin for the Yakuza, perhaps there was a mafia connection between the two crime organizations."
Bess thought about that. "I guess it's possible."
"It has to be it. If there's no other connection to Chicago-"
The scanner in the back seat crackled to life, and Zeek and Bess turned to look at it. "All units in the area of the Goodfella's Lounge, be advised, another victim outside of Big Jill's Bar."
There were shouts coming from the alleyway, and the two beefcakes ran toward their marked car.
"It's only a few blocks from here," said Bess. "We can beat them there."
Zeek's expression turned serious. "Let's burn rubber." He slammed the stick into gear, pumped the gas a couple of times, the RPM needle bouncing in the tacho. "Hold on, Bess!" Then he stomped on the gas and dropped the clutch. Bess reached for the grab bar with both hands. The Pacer's wheel's squeaked, and the car took off at a moderately less than average speed.
Bess gave Zeek a flat glare, releasing her hold on the grab bar.
"What do you expect?" he asked flatly. "It's not a Ferrari."
"Just drive," she said, arms crossed.
* * *
Zeek pulled up outside of Big Jill's Bar, the Pacer's engine still running, filling the air with the smell of burnt gas. They both looked around for Skater Girl, sirens blaring in the distance. They caught sight of an enormous woman standing outside the bar, talking on a cell phone.
Zeek pulled the Pacer around and stopped next to her, wound down his window with an ear piercing squeal and said, "Hi!"
"Who are you?" Jill asked, still on the cell.
"Zeek. I'm looking for a girl on skates, has swords for arms. You seen her?"
"No." She turned her attention to a voice coming from the cell. "Yeah, that's what I said. The guy was drunk, said he cheated on his wife. He left his wedding ring and went outside. I took the trash out and found him without his head. Officer, can you hold one second, there's a weirdo here staring at me." She placed a hand over the cell. "What?"
"Who you calling weirdo, Viking woman?"
"Zeek," Bess cried, whacking him on the arm. "There she is!"
"Huh?" He turned to see Bess pointing down the street at a moving silhouette, gliding gracefully into the distance.
"Go!" she cried.
Zeek crunched the gears and took off leaving Jill coughing in a cloud of white smoke. 
Less than a hundred yards up the road Zeek stomped on the brakes, and the Z-Mobile's skinny tires screeched to a halt.
"Where'd she go?" he asked.
Bess swiveled her head in all directions. "I can't see her."
Zeek took off at a slow crawl, looking down the side-streets and alleyways, the sirens getting closer, the flashing blue lights reflecting against the far buildings.
"Dammit," said Bess. "Where is she?"
They past another two streets and then an alleyway.
"There!" she snapped sharply, and Zeek pulled up with a quiet squeal of breaks.
Kyoto skated barely twenty feet away, singing a gentle song, as if on a leisurely skate through a park. Then she pulled up, and the song ended. She turned slowly to stare back at them, and despite the shadows of the alley, Kyoto's eyes showed what true darkness was, hollow pits of nothingness. Then she turned and took off at a skating sprint.
"GO!" cried Bess, and Zeek locked the wheel and floored it into the alleyway. The Pacer bucked forward, suspension bouncing over a speed hump, and the little engine roared against the alley walls.
Despite the Pacer not being a prancing horse, it was still a car, and Skater Girl was outclassed in the speed department. The Z-Mobile tore up behind her.
"Run her over!" cried Bess.
Zeek turned a fast eye on her. "That's a little extreme isn't it?"
Without warning, Kyoto leapt seven-feet in the air, rolling onto a dumpster, then sprang sideways up the alleyway wall. She defied gravity and leapt off the wall, flying across the expanse. Hitting the opposite wall, she leapt once more, over the darkness, vanishing onto the roof of the second story building.
Zeek slammed on the brakes, coming to a screeching halt. He leapt out of the car, grabbing his vacuum as he did. He didn't turn around to wait for Bess. He pulled the vacuum straps over his shoulders, threw himself onto a dumpster, took two steps and leapt onto a rickety ladder against the brick wall.
"Wait!" Bess cried from below. 
Zeek turned his eyes down on her small figure. 
"You don't have any weapons!" she yelled.
"It's okay, Bess," he said seriously. "I've got my ninja stars." And with that, he climbed the rest of the ladder, disappearing out of sight.
 

SIXTEEN
 
Kyoto stood tall on her skates, facing Zeek across the rooftop, bladed arms held out to her sides. She hadn't skated away. She hadn't leapt rooftops. No, she had stopped and faced down her pursuer, because now the hunter was no longer protected by the iron shell of a vehicle. Her pursuer was vulnerable, and the hunter had become the hunted.
Zeek swallowed hard as he looked her over, seeing those menacing blades and the brown leather straps that bound them to her arm stumps, her innocent smile, and those endless empty eyes. Her lips parted and a feint bubble of laughter spilled out.
"Ah, hi there. Name's Zeek." 
She didn't respond and he reached into his pockets with both hands wrapping around the dangerously sharp ninja stars. 
"Has anyone ever told you everything's going to be all right?"
Kyoto's smile vanished from her lips. In an instant, she crouched down and sprung forward on her skates. A darting missile attack. Left leg, right leg, left leg, right leg. Skating hard right at him.
"Yikes!" Zeek squealed. He pulled out the six ninja stars, fanning three out in each rubber-gloved hand. Closing his eyes, he breathed and silenced his fear. He sensed the wind around him, the speed at which she moved. He lowered himself into his own deadly crouch, took another calming breath, held it, opened his eyes, and let loose a barrage of ninja stars upon the demon bitch.
"Ya-Ya-Ya!" he cried with each casting of cold iron. 
Each throwing star arched through the air like missiles from a fighter jet, letting loose his entire arsenal before her.
Unfortunately, Zeek had never thrown ninja stars before, and his sole education on how to throw them came from the 1981 classic, Enter the Ninja.
Each throwing star left Zeek's hands as if he were throwing dead pigeons, and each one barely made up half the distance between them.
"Sheesh," he said exasperated, "that's harder than it looks."
Kyoto leapt into the air, blades ringing like crystals struck with a fork. 
Zeek's eyes widened like dish plates. He dove out of the way, just as her blades smashed into the rooftop, sparks flashing. Rolling away, he leapt to his feet.
Kyoto wrapped her arms around herself and lunged once more. She spun so fast she was a blur, blades spinning as if she were a human helicopter, a deadly tornado.
There was no diving out of the way of this one. Zeek looked around in a mad panic. Then he saw it, and a moment before her attack landed, he grabbed hold of the mini satellite-dish beside him and yanked with everything he had. The screws tore out of the concrete, and wire came along with it, just in time to block the attack. Her blades slammed into the dish, averting the spinning attack, and he jumped away from her once again. But Kyoto kept coming, steel flashing, hammering down on the dish, again and again, pressing Zeek backward. She threw down a final slicing blow and cut the dish straight down the center. A wire severed and a little zap burst in front of his eyes, the dish all but crumbling in his hands.
"Spirits above!" he cried, then he backed away from her, only he had nowhere to go. The edge of the rooftop was behind him now and he felt it on his heels. He glanced over his shoulder to see the two story drop.
He thought of Kyoto falling from her own rooftop.
Kyoto savored the moment, her smile growing wider, more insane, knowing he had nowhere left to go. All he had now was a choice of how he died. Fall to his death, or die by her blades. Zeek realized it wasn't such a difficult decision. Death by falling from a rooftop, or death by sword arms from a demon. He chose the latter, because when it came down to it, if he had to die, he may as well go out in style.
Kyoto lifted her blades. Zeek shut his eyes. Then he took a breath, waiting for the moment to come. The moment to end it all.
"Hey. Bitch."
Zeek opened his eyes to see Bess toting the enormous 880 Remington in both hands. There was a sudden and almighty boom! The salt round hit Kyoto, bursting her into ectoplasm goop, covering Zeek in a bucket worth of the foul egg-stench liquid.
Zeek wiped it away from his scrunched up face. "Ew."
"Where is she?" asked Bess, throwing him the shotgun.
Zeek grabbed it out of the air and looked around. "There!"
Kyoto stood on the rooftop across the street, facing them, her smile replaced by a seething distorted glare.
Zeek worked the action on the 880 and lifted the shotgun to his shoulder.
"Hold it right there!" A man's voice blurted and Zeek and Bess spun to see Biceps and No-neck holding their tiny Glock's in enormous hands, both aimed on Zeek.
"Drop the weapon, asshole," said Biceps.
"Yeah. Do what he says," said No-Neck.
Zeek did as he was told. The shotgun clacked onto the rooftop, and when he looked back across the street, Kyoto was nowhere to be seen.


SEVENTEEN
 
Zeek stared out the police car like a puppy in a pet shop window, his forehead pressed against the cold glass. A new crime scene was being laid out around Kyoto's second victim, as more marked cars arrived on the scene, casting the night in flashing blue lights.
Zeek sat lost in thought, juggling the day's events over in his mind. He wished he hadn't accepted Death's mission, no matter the cost. It was the closest Zeek had come to death, and it scared him. He thought about the coin he had in his pocket, and if it could save him from a broken body, or worse, a body without a head. Something unsettling sat within his gut, something he hadn't felt for a long time. It was heavy and sickening, but worse of all, the feeling made him feel ... serious. As if for the first time he'd bitten off more than he could chew. Although there was that time with the Po'Boy Challenge at Fatso's...
"Good job on the ninja stars, genius," came Bess's voice, breaking him from his reverie.
"Oh, yeah, I didn't think they'd be so tough, you know. Maybe it was the rubber gloves."
"Or maybe it was the idiot throwing them?"
Zeek then noticed Bess's pale hands blistered in red welts. "What happened to your hands?"
"Saving your ass, that's what. The shotgun has iron in it. I told you it hurts."
"You ... you did that for me?"
"I did it for the mission, Zeek. We aren't friends, okay? The quicker you realize that the easier it will be." She crossed her arms and looked out her own window.
"Easier what will be?" he asked quietly.
"When you get killed fighting these things. If tonight is anything to go by, this isn't going to end well for you."
Zeek swallowed. "I thought we were partners."
"Work partners. You aren't a superhero, and I'm not a sidekick." Her voice grew louder. "How many times must I tell you this isn't a game?"
Zeek turned his eyes downward.
"I have one mission. One! To keep you alive. How can I do that when you go running after demons with nothing but your ego?"
"I-I just wanted to stop her. I'll be better next time."
"Next time? By the time you get out of jail, how many others will Kyoto have killed?"
"I'm sorry, okay?" he said, his voice serious. "I'm trying my best here."
Bess sighed.
Zeek used his cuffed hands to wipe away a tear from his cheek. Then he sniffed and thought about Kyoto skating away to find her next victim. Who would she kill next? He thought about the man in the alleyway, the mobster. Then he thought about the second victim.
"I don't think it's a mafia connection," he said quietly.
"What do you mean?" she asked, hostility still in her voice.
"I mean the big woman we saw outside the bar. She said the victim had just told her he'd cheated on his wife, then left his wedding ring and took off."
"So?"
"I'm just thinking out loud, I guess."
"If she's not targeting mobsters then we have no idea where she'll strike next."
"Guess not."
"Death's going to love this."
* * *
Zeek sat in the interrogation room at the Chicago Police Department, seeing his reflection in the wall mirror. A camera watched down on him from the corner of the windowless room, and he sat behind a stainless steel table. Bess scowled with crossed arms, one leg bent at the knee, the bottom of her boot pressed against the wall.
The lever handle on the door snapped down and the two detectives from the alleyway entered the room. The silver haired, sand paper lover, and the brunette detective with coffee eyes, her polished badge shining from her belt. Another officer, absurdly tall, with a freshly shaven square jaw and side-parted black hair, followed them into the room, shutting the door behind them.
Detective Coffee Eyes crossed her arms, while Sandpaper pressed both palms onto the steel table, his hard, gray eyes scrutinizing Zeek at close range.
"Mr. Crabtree," said the woman. "I'm Detective Bancroft, and this is my partner, Detective Stokes."
Zeek smiled at the man, whose face was less than two feet away.
"You were at the scene of both homicides," continued Bancroft. "You discharged a firearm. Care to explain yourself, Mr. Crabtree?"
"I'm not sure I can."
"Give us answers, Crabstick! Or I'll ram you so far up your nostril you'll turn to snot." Stokes had a voice like a guy who'd sucked through a carton of cigarettes in one night, hard and gravelly.
"My nostril?" Zeek frowned, thinking about that for a second.
"Answers, Crabstick!" A fist slammed into the table.
"Whol, chill, Sandpaper, I was listening on the scanner. That's how I knew about both homicides. I just arrived at the second one before you guys did."
"Why were you there?" asked Bancroft, in a tone that sounded like an angel in contrast to Stokes' cheese grater voice.
"I just wanted to help is all."
"What about the shotgun?" asked Stokes. "Who were you shooting at?"
"I chased the killer to a rooftop and fired at her. She got away."
"She?" asked Bancroft. "You got a description?"
"Don't tell them," said Bess. "They'll think you're crazy."
"I don't think you'd believe me," he told them coyly.
"Spit it out!" Stokes growled.
Zeek flinched. "All right, all right. Just please, stop talking. She ... well she's wearing roller skates, and ..."
"And what?" asked Bancroft, moving closer.
"And ..." Zeek resigned himself to what came next, "and she has swords for arms."
"Ha! Now I've heard it all," barked Stokes, pushing up off the table.
"Wait, Jack," said Bancroft, directing her voice quietly to him. "There were bloody skate tracks at the first crime scene."
"She's going to kill again," said Zeek.
Both detectives turned their gazes on him.
"Yeah?" asked Stokes. "What makes you say that, Crabstick?"
"Because ..."
"Don't tell them," said Bess, looking up at the ceiling.
"People will die if I don't."
Both detectives glanced at each other, a shared expression of puzzlement.
"You just spoke to yourself, Zeek," said Bess. "Congratulations, now they officially think you're crazy."
"Look," Zeek held his hands up. "I investigate the paranormal. My official title is Ghost Cleaner, and I have reason to believe that the killer is a dead Japanese Yakuza assassin named Kyoto Nakahara. And if someone doesn't stop her, she's going to kill a lot more people with her sword arms."
A long silence filled the room as Zeek looked back and forth between the two detectives, who returned his gaze with puzzled expressions. If there'd been a tumbleweed around, it would have rolled across the table.
A sudden, awful racquet filled the room as Stokes threw back his head, choking on a hoarse laugh. He finally settled down, hooting. "Well lick my boots, now I really have heard it all."
Bancroft was scowling at Zeek, fingers tapping on her folded arms.
"I get it now," said Stokes, chocking back laughter. "You're a nut-ball. You're all dressed up like Radioactive Man, listening in on the scanner. Then you show up to fight the bad guys." He turned to look at Bancroft and jabbed a thumb at Zeek. "He thinks he's a damn superhero."
"Ha!" Bess barked a laugh of her own.
"Hey, that's not true," snapped Zeek.
"We don't appreciate our time being wasted, Mr. Crabtree," said Bancroft. "For discharging a firearm, you'll be spending the night in the holding cell."
"No. I can't!" he pleaded. "People are going to die. I need to stop her."
Stokes turned to the tall officer. "Officer Kershaw! Get this loon out of my sight."
Kershaw moved behind Zeek and grabbed him by the shoulder. "Come on you. On your feet."
Zeek didn't move, pleading with Bancroft and Stokes. It was no use, the officer grabbed him under the arms and lifted him out of the seat, before dragging him out of the room.
"Wait!" Zeek pleaded. "You're making a terrible mistake. You have to believe me!" He grabbed onto the doorframe as he was yanked into the hallway. He managed to jerk his head back into the room and said with absolute sincerity, "I'm the real life Haley Joel Osment!"
Kershaw wrenched him one last time and Zeek's fingers slipped from the doorframe. His voice could be heard down the hall as he screamed, "I see dead people!"
 

EIGHTEEN
 
Zeek held an awkward pose as the lift descended, standing on one foot, with his head bent down, pressing his nose into the end of his boot. Bess stood with pressed lips, massaging her temples. The small circles with her fingers froze and she cocked a brow at Zeek.
"What are you doing?" she asked, annoyance in her tone.
"Detective Sandpaper said he could shove me up my own nostril. I don't think it's possible, myself."
"Seriously?"
"It's a figure of speech, kid," Officer Kershaw chimed in, not having heard Bess speak.
"Oh. Haven't heard that one before," said Zeek, standing back upright. "She's kind of pretty, isn't she?"
"You mean the woman who just threw your ass in jail?" asked Bess.
"Detective Bancroft?" asked Kershaw.
"Yeah, her," said Zeek.
"You bet your ass she is."
"Unbelievable." Bess scowled up at Kershaw. "I think I'll leave you two with your thoughts."
"Where are you going?" asked Zeek.
"To the cells, kid," replied Kershaw.
"To find out more about Kyoto's victims. I need to find out why she chose those two men. Then when you get out tomorrow, we'll have a better shot at tracking her down. Plus I have to give Death an update on your situation."
"Aren't you scared of Death?" Zeek asked.
"It's a dangerous job, sure, but overall, it ain't so bad."
"He's not so bad, Zeek."
"Not so bad? It's Death who took your life from you!" said Zeek.
"Sometimes I think so too, you know," said Kershaw.
Bess blinked. "What? No he didn't. That's not how it works, Zeek. He's the delivery guy, that's all."
"Yeah, to hell."
"You know, I've never thought of it like that before. Since joining the CPD my life has gone to hell somewhat."
"Yes, but he held back on his delivery," said Bess. "And he saved me. Just like he saved you."
"Huh?" Zeek turned to her. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"It means nothing. Just give him a break."
Officer Kershaw was looking down, lips tight, deep in thought. "I guess it means I'm not on the right path. You know ... I think you might be right, kid. I need to reevaluate my entire life."
"I'll see you tomorrow," said Bess sharply, then in an instant, she was gone.
"Hey, thanks, kid," said Kershaw, giving Zeek a broad smile.
"Ah ... for what?"
* * *
Zeek gawked at the prisoners within as the white metal bars of the holding cell rolled open. He turned and looked up at Officer Kershaw, puppy-faced, saying, don't take me to the vet, I don't want a thermometer up my butt.
"Go on, kid," Kershaw said, slapping a heavy hand on his back.
Zeek took one step in and the bars rolled across behind him, slamming shut with a thunderous boom. He watched Kershaw go, the tall man muttering something about pottery classes. Then Zeek turned his attention back to the cell, and at the half dozen men standing up, cracking knuckles.
The best way to describe them all would be to say the six men fell into a truck-sized blender, along with a bucket of ink. Then some kid with an ice-cream jumped up and down on the blitz button, screaming 'Look at me, Mummy'. Then the six men crawled out with missing teeth, missing ears, lopped fingers, cuts and scars, and each one covered head to toe in ugly tattoos.
"Stay back!" cried Zeek in a martial arts pose. "I've watch Chuck Norris movies!"
 


NINTEEN

Meanwhile . . . 
 
Bernard Ambrose sat reading his book, watery blue eyes focused behind frameless eyeglasses. He was propped up against three silk covered pillows, his goose down quilt pulled up around him, his feet clutching to a warm water bottle. He glanced at the stereo on his bedside table as Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata began to play. It was his favorite song and a subtle smile twitched at his lips. Padding the ended of his thumb against his tongue, he turned another page.
Schwip . . . Schwip . . . Schwip . . .
Bernard's eyes flashed above his glasses, his brow furrowing.
Schwip . . . Schwip . . . Schwip . . .
"Hello? Is somebody there?"
He slotted a bookmark into his book, Gang Mentality in a Modern World, and placed it onto his bedside table, beside the stereo, and he turned the music down a notch. He threw off his quilt, pivoted around, and slipped bony feet into maroon slippers.
"Is anybody there?" he called out again, stepping over the carpet.
"Te-he-he-he."
"Hello?" Bernard reached for the door handle, a fluttering in his irritable bowel. He held his hand on the brass knob, listening hard. Then like a Band-Aid, he twisted hard and fast and yanked the door open. His breath caught in his chest, muscles tensing, eyes like flash-bulbs.
Kyoto stood with an empty sardonic smile, her head tilted ever so slightly to one side.
"W-who are you?" Bernard choked.
The only reply came in the form Kyoto's sword arms clinking together. Bernard yelped and turned to run, but a slender blade punctured the old man's head, emerging through his mouth, before retracted. There was a gurgle as the aged man slumped to his knees, then thumped onto his face. He didn't feel the pain as his nose broke. He was already dead, his body quivering, the woolen carpet soaking up a growing pool of blood.
There was another Schwip . . . Schwip . . . Schwip . . . then nothing but the soft classical sounds of piano from the stereo on the bedside table.
 


TWENTY

And now back with our hero . . . 
 
Zeek sat cross-legged in the center of the cell, surrounded by the half-dozen men all holding toothless grins.
"... so when I walked backstage, who else was standing there but the King himself, Elvis Presley."
"No way," the men shouted at once.
"Yes way."
"What happened then, Zeek?" asked Tattoo Face.
"He ran at me like a crazy Elvis nightmare. I had no choice. I hit him in the head with my crowbar."
"Oh no you didn't."
"Oh yes I did, Giblet. Right in the honker. He fell down and curled up into a ball, singing, Love me Tender."
The pack of men burst into hooting laughter. 
Zeek beamed around at them, chin up in pride.
"Zeek Crabtree," a woman's voice echoed.
Zeek looked up to see a freckle-faced police woman, and standing next to her was Bess, waiting with a furrowed brow. The white bars rolled across with a hard clank. "You're free to go."
Zeek jumped up. "See ya later, fellas," he said, giving them a wave.
"Come and visit anytime, man," said Chainsaw.
"I'll miss you!"
"I'll miss you too, Giblet."
Zeek blushed as he approached Bess.
"Seriously?" she asked.
Zeek shrugged. "Where's Kershaw?"
"He quit," replied the officer. "He's taking up pottery dance, merging the two art forms into a single expression of his body. Weird, huh? Anyway, go down to the collections desk on the ground floor for your things." Then she swiped her card and vanished through a door.
Zeek and Bess headed to the lift.
The doors opened and a bald man stood in the corner, wearing black slacks, a white shirt and tie, and holding a brown paper bag. He smiled politely before adjusting his glasses with a finger at the bridge of his nose.
Zeek returned the smile. "What a great bunch of guys," he said to Bess, shaking his head and smiling.
"I bet," Bess replied dryly.
"Especially Bloodtooth. Though Giblet was a real gentleman."
"Are ... are you talking to me, young man?"
Zeek turned to the bald man, who was holding a finger at himself.
"Oh, no. Sorry."
The man smiled awkwardly.
"No, I was talking to the girl standing beside you." Zeek leant toward him and with a hand beside his mouth, whispered, "She's invisible."
The man's eyes went wide behind his glasses.
"So what did you and Death talk about?"
"He wants you to spend more time hunting fugitives and less time making friends in cells."
"Oh, 'cause prison is optional." Zeek scowled. "You know, Death is a real douche-bag." Zeek flashed another smile at the man who couldn't move any further away from him.
"Did you find anything on Kyoto?"
"Her first victim, the guy in the alleyway beside the Goodfella's Lounge, was named Vince Pellegrini. He was the driver and bodyguard of the head of the Chicago mafia. Death and I looked over his file and it turns out the guy was ratting on his boss. The FBI had something on him, so he was their inside man."
"A rat, huh? What about the other guy? He in the mafia as well?"
"No. You were right about that. His name was Brady O'Grady, a car mechanic. His wife kicked him out after catching him in bed with another woman. Happened about an hour before he was killed."
"Ouch, double whammy." Zeek sniffed the air a few times, then turned to the man standing in the corner of the lift. Zeek's eyes tracked down to the brown bag in the man's white knuckled hands. 
"Is that a bacon and egg bagel I smell?"
The man's hand sprung out, holding the bag out to Zeek. "Take it! For the love of God, take it!"
"Wow," said Zeek, glancing at Bess. "I had no idea how many kind people there are in the world." Zeek took the bag. "Thank you, good sir."
The lift door opened and Bess and Zeek exited, walking over to the collections counter.
A stout black woman sat low in her seat, stamping papers. She glanced up at Zeek with an expression best described as the stink eye. "Can I help you?"
"Hello, ma'am. Zeek Crabtree. I'm just checking out of your lovely holding cell and would like to collect my things."
The woman grabbed a plastic tray from behind her and dropped it down on her desk, then reached a hand in and began pulling one item out after another.
"One wallet. One cell phone. One set of keys with an otter key ring. One feminine silver locket in the shape of a heart."
"Is not," said Zeek.
"One strange gold coin that gives me the creeps."
"I feel ya," he said.
The woman glanced at him, then back to the box. "One tube of Mommy's No More Rash."
"Hey, that's not mine!" Zeek glanced at Bess, shaking his head.
The woman turned the tube sideway and read. "Prescribed to one Zeek Crabtree."
Zeek blushed. "Ha! Must be another Zeek Crabtree around here somewhere. I'll hold onto it for him."
"And a release slip for one ugly ass car."
"Ugly?" snapped Zeek. "I'll have you know the Z-Mobile is a cult classic. It's the most awesome car ever made. It featured in Wayne's World."
"Kid, I've worked this job for twenty-seven years and in all that time I've never seen such a butt ugly vehicle. When I saw it I wanted to dig my eyes out with spoons. If you gave it to me, I'd push it off a cliff, then jump after it just for owning it."
Tears streamed down Zeek's cheeks. "You're so mean!"
* * *
Zeek bit into his bagel as they exited the department into the compound yard.
"Okay," he mumbled with a mouthful. "We've got ourselves a rat, that's the big guy. And we've got a cheater, the car mechanic. But what does it mean?"
"I haven't worked that out yet."
Zeek worked the locked with the key, opening Bess's door, before moving around to his own side.
"Ouch!" he yelped. He reached under his left butt cheek and pulled out a ninja star. "Hey, check it out. One left."
"Don't even think of using that thing," Bess growled.
"Chill your beans, Bess. So let me get this right, you said Kyoto's never been to Chicago before."
"That's right."
"But she's not randomly killing folks either. So there has to be some connection. Hey, don't suppose you've got a history of the people she killed in her past life?"
Bess reached into her messenger bag and pulled out Kyoto's file. She opened it, and began reading. "It's here."
"Okay," mumbled Zeek, taking another bite. "Tell me the name of her first victim."
"Ah ... Hiroki Nakada."
"And what did he do to deserve the hit on his head?"
"Says he was a Yakuza member who gave out gang related information to a reporter in exchange for ..." She read the file, "a favor."
"Hm. Sort of like a traitor."
"I guess."
"A little like Vince, wouldn't you say?"
Bess's eyes lit up. "Yes." And she eagerly read the file again. "Her second hit was on Maro Yamato. A member selling drugs on the side."
"A bit like a cheater, I'd say." Zeek took another enormous bite.
"That's it! You've got it, Zeek. Kyoto's following her old hit list all over again." She bit her lip, scanning the document. "Oh no. She had over thirty kills. If we don't stop her-"
"Who was next on her list? If we can match someone up with the same reason for the hit, we can beat her to her next vic."
"A Japanese politician who waged war against the Yakuza."
Zeek nodded, thinking. "So we're looking for a Chicago politician who's fighting gangs or organized crime."
"Where can we find that out? Do you think we should go to City Hall?"
"Bernard Ambrose," Zeek said casually, munching the last of the bagel down.
"Who?"
"Ambrose. A Chicago politician who recently won the keys to the city for his Kids Clubs initiative, a program to reduce gang related crimes in the city."
"Wow, Zeek. I wouldn't have taken you for a political type."
"Oh, I'm not. I just like to keep an eye on who has the keys to the city. If someone has a key to my apartment, I want to know about it." He poked a greasy finger at his chest.
"You're an idiot."
"You can't be too careful, Bess."
Bess pulled out a new file from the bag. "Here it is. Bernard Ambrose. Divorced. Kids have grown up. Lives on the North Shore."
"Let's burn rubber. Hold on, Bess!"
"You know that's not necessary," she said flatly.
"Please. It makes it more exciting."
Bess sighed and grabbed onto the bar.
Zeek smiled and pushed the shifter into gear.
 


TWENTY-ONE
 
Winnetka lakefront real estate was about as good as it gets in Chicago, reserved for the rich and the city's most elite, lined with one la-di-da mansion after another. Zeek pulled up in front of a miniaturized version of the White House, with arched windows, tall pillars and well-groomed hedges.
"This is it," said Zeek, looking up at the house.
"Come on," said Bess. "Oh, and Zeek ..."
He paused before getting out. "Yeah?"
"Bring your weapons this time."

They approached the entrance of the mansion cautiously, Zeek with his vacuum strapped to his back, the hose clipped to his belt. In his left hand he held an iron tonfa, the length of it running up his forearm, and a scythe hung behind his belt, easily accessible to his right hand.  
He grabbed hold of the brass lion-head knocker and banged it against the rosewood door and waited.
"No one's home," he said after a long minute.
"Dammit." Bess looked up at the house, thinking.
"We should check inside." Zeek glanced at her and she nodded in agreement.
 "Stand back then." He braced himself for a hard punch, throwing his weight behind the stubby end of the tonfa, straight into the door's lock. Wood cracked and the door thumped inward.
They were met with white marble floors and a double staircase with gold balustrades leading up to the next floor. A circular table sat between the double staircase, covered with a masterpiece of flower art, and above it hung a colossal crystal chandelier.
"Not quite like the Roaches Motel, huh?" Bess asked.
"Yes, but does it have free cable?"
Bess smirked.
"Hello?" Zeek called out, and his voice echoed off the marble floors and high ceilings.
"The neighbors will be onto the police by now," Bess warned. "We should hurry."
"You take upstairs, I'll take downstairs." Then he moved off toward the kitchen, while Bess took the stairs.
A moment later Bess cried out. "Zeek! Up here."
Zeek shut the pantry door and charged up the stairs, stopping his run at the doorway to Bernard Ambrose's bedroom. He recoiled, throwing an arm across his mouth and nose. Bess was crouched down beside the man's body, looking up at him.
"It was her," she said. "Probably came last night."
"Spirits above," he whispered. "We're too late."


TWENTY-TWO

Zeek and Bess hurried back to the Z-Mobile, taking off before the police could show up. Bess was straight back into her bag, pulling out Kyoto's Soulfile once more, reading as Zeek negotiated the streets out of the neighborhood.
"Dammit," she said. "Who knows how far down the list she is now."
"Just out of curiosity, how many Soulfiles have you got in that bag?"
"All of them."
"All of them? Every single one? Dead, and living?"
She nodded, still reading.
 "Is mine in there?"
"Yes, Zeek. Even you have a soul."
"What's it say?"
Bess glanced up at him. "I'm ... I'm forbidden from telling you."
"Huh? Did Death tell you that?"
She nodded.
"But it's my soul. Why can't I see it?"
"Because. The Soulfile is made up of events which make you who you are. A lot of what goes in one is basically what flashes before your eyes when you die. Your memories. The best and worst of them. Even the ones you don't remember."
"And that means I can't see it because ...?"
Bess shrugged. "You can't see a movie before it comes out, I guess."
"But you've got a copy right there."
"If Death says you can't, then you can't. So leave it."
"Well that sucks," he grumbled. "Hey, can I see yours?"
"No!" she snapped. "Now be quiet. I'm reading."
Zeek scowled.
"Her next victim was a rival assassin. But I'm not sure how that can translate into someone right now in Chicago."
Zeek thought about that. "If it's a rival, then they need to be in direct opposition to her. Which means she couldn't take out any old assassin. They wouldn't be a rival."
"So who then?"
"What about the police?" he asked. "The police killed her. Assassinated her in a way."
Bess chewed her lip. "That might be it."
"If it is a cop, though, there must be thousands of them in Chicago. How do we find the right one?"
Bess didn't respond, searching for more information in the file. She looked up as Zeek pulled the wheel to full lock and turned the car around.
"Hey, where are you going?"
"My place."
"What? We've got work to do, Zeek."
"I need to feed Pickles."
"But we don't have time. We have to find her before she kills again."
"Bess, it's more than likely she's already killed an officer. She could go after any one of them, anywhere in the city."
"That doesn't mean we give up."
"I'm sorry, I need to feed my cat. And I could really go some mac 'n cheese."
"You just ate!"
"You mean the bagel? That doesn't count. Besides, I have some topical cream I need to apply to a certain unsaid area."
"Ew." She scrunched up her nose.
"Look, I want to stop Kyoto as much as you do. I know it's not a game. I know it's serious. I just need to feed my cat, and as soon as I've fed Pickles we'll head back to the CPD. After that we'll find her and stop her. Okay?"
Bess said nothing for a long moment. "Okay, let's go feed your cat."
"And the cream. Don't forget the cream, 'cause my balls are-"
"Zeek!"

 
TWENTY-THREE
 
Zeek pulled into the Roaches and parked the car, killing the engine.
"I'll be five-minutes. You coming up?"
"And watch you eat? No thanks."
"What's wrong with the way I eat? Sure my jaw clicks and I can't breathe through my nose."
"It's not that. I just haven't eaten since ... well."
"Oh."
"I'll wait here. Just don't take long."
Zeek offered her a smile. "I'll be back before Skater Girl can retie her laces." He shut the door and headed around to the steps.
Mr. Moore was walking along the platform wearing a sweat stained singlet, a wrench in one hand and a towel in the other. As soon as Zeek saw him, he tried to turn back down the stairs.
"Crabshit!"
Zeek flinched, freezing in place.
"You got the rest of my money yet?"
"Oh, hello again, Mr. Moore. Do you take credit cards?"
"Credit cards? Do I look like a damn magical money machine, Crabshit? Yeah, just slide it down my ass crack. Fool."
Mr. Moore continued walking, Zeek watching him go before scrambling for his key. He pushed it into the lock, wriggled it back and forth until it hit the right spot, and turned the handle.
Kyoto stood in front of him, tall on her skates, her blades bared, and a wicked smile across her pale face.
"Welcome home, ASSASSIN!"



TWENTY-FOUR
 
Zeek lunged for the one thing in reach, and pulled it up with a KLSCHHHHHH, his eyes darkening behind the Lightsaber BBQ tongs. 
"Bring it on!" he spat.
Kyoto's smile vanished and she charged him, throwing her blades down together in a powerful blow. 
Zeek took a knee and blocked her attack with the tongs, shoving her away with a VUUWWOOOM!
She rolled back on her wheels, fighting to keep her balance, her expression turning furious, teeth bared. She came at him again, throwing one arm down after another, a violent windmill of death. 
Zeek blocked the first two blows but the third broke the tongs off at the handle, sending them flying.
"ARGGHHHH!" He cried out, looking at his hand.
"There is no escape, assassin," Kyoto hissed.
"That's not true," he screamed back. "That's impossible!"
Kyoto slashed her arms down at Zeek, just as something else blurred into view. 
Pickles landed on Kyoto's head, claws out, and the demon reeled back and screamed. She swung her blades at the cat, but Pickles had already leapt off and darted away into the bedroom, a blur of puffed fur.
Zeek used the distraction to pass Kyoto, running for the kitchen. The rolling skates thumped behind him. She followed him in, but Zeek got what he was after, and tore the box of salt open, scattering it in her direction.
A cloud of salt filled the air. 
Kyoto cried out as her skin sizzled and blistered.
 Zeek clutched his face with both hands. "My eyes! It burns. Oh, the agony!"
He forced his stinging eyes open and ran past Kyoto once more. He needed to get to the Pacer. He needed his vacuum. But Kyoto had recovered, her skin repairing itself almost instantly, and she set chase.
Zeek charged for the door and a driving force hit him in the small of his back. A double skate kick- a brutal blow. Already running, the kick had accelerated his pace and he flew through the open door, over the platform, and then the railing.
Bess sat in the passenger seat of the Z-Mobile, tapping her boot along to ACDC's Hell's Bells.
A deafening crash interrupted the song as Zeek's body slammed into the bonnet. She froze, eyes wide, slack jawed. Zeek looked at Bess through the windscreen with a pained smile.
"Found her," he said, and turned over. He yelped, rolling off just in time to avoid Kyoto's form slamming into the bonnet, swords sparking against the steel bonnet.
Zeek darted around the car and opened the boot. 
Kyoto tried to chase, but Bess sprung her door open, slamming it into the demon, sending her wheeling back.
Bess jumped out, holding onto her burning hand, turned and ran toward Zeek, but Kyoto kicked the door shut behind her and lunged.
"Zeek!" Bess cried.
He looked up just as a blade penetrated through Bess's stomach. She exploded into purple ectoplasm goop, vanishing before Zeek's horrified expression.
"No!" Zeek shouted, running toward her, sliding to a stop. He breathed hard, his vacuum on his back, a tonfa in each hand, body trembling, looking down at the purple pool that had been Bess.
Kyoto spun in a small circle before bringing herself to face him.
"You killed Bess," Zeek said quietly, pain and disbelief on his face.
Kyoto's lips pulled up in menacing satisfaction. "And now it's your turn." Kyoto spoke with a voice of pure evil, chilling Zeek's skin.
Anger creased his brow. "Lady, I'm gonna vacuum you so bad!"
He charged her, swinging his tonfas with a frenzied attack of rage, pounding down on Kyoto's swords, one after another. Zeek had never moved so fast, pressing her farther and farther back, her confidence waning, her smile turning to a grimace. Then he pulled a tonfa to his arm and threw an uppercut with the stubby end of the baton, taking her in the chin. Kyoto fell back on her ass, spitting green goop onto the ground. Zeek lunged, but she sprung back to her skates, hitting Zeek with her own flurry of furious blows.
Zeek parried each vicious blow, taking a reverberating hit down his arms each time. He was in a zone, pure concentration drawing beads of sweat from his brow. And then it happened. A skate slammed into the side of his head. His world shook like a thunder clap as the blow sent him flying. He hit the bitumen with a jarring bounce, tonfas clacking away out of reach.
It was Zeek's turn to spit, only it wasn't green ectoplasm. He grimaced and with every ounce of effort he could manage, he forced himself to his feet. He swayed a moment, overcome by dizziness and the splintering pain in his head.
"It's over now, assassin," she said. "Time for you to meet your end."
"You hear that?" Zeek asked, a hand to his ear. "It's the sound of ACDC. And there ain't no fat lady in ACDC!" Then he charged her, running with nothing but a vacuum on his back. Kyoto met his charge, pounding her skates: left, right, left, right. 
Zeek leapt into the air. Kyoto met it with her own leap. The two warriors flew toward each other. An epic clash. Only one warrior had sword arms and the other had nothing but his courage. That, and one, tiny, ninja star. Zeek pulled it from his pocket, and twisted his body in the air, unleashing the star with the skill of a thousand ninjas.
"Hee-ya!"
Kyoto's deathly arms swung out, just as the star thumped home, right between the pits of her black eyes, sending her sprawling. Long legs, heavy skates and clanging blades thumped into the ground as she clattered to a sudden halt.
"You did it!" came a voice, and Zeek spun on his heel. Bess stood awestruck, glancing between Zeek and Kyoto.
"BESS! You're alive," he cried out.
"No, I'm dead. You can't be dead twice. Now quick, vacuum her up before she revives herself."
"Oh, that makes sense. I didn't realize you did the goop thing. Does your goop smell too?"
"Zeek?"
His eyebrows lifted. "What?"
"Vacuum."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." He sprung forward to Kyoto's limp body, turning on the vacuum and rolling the nozzle over her as if she were a rug. He pressed his lips together and started whistling along to Shot Down in Flames booming from the Z-Mobile. When he was done he flicked the switch off and turned back to Bess.
"Well that wasn't so difficult, was it?" He clipped the hose to his belt and clapped his hands together, brushing dust off.
Bess sighed with a lopsided grin. "Come on, Spirit Hunter. Time to make a delivery."
 


TWENTY-FIVE
 
Zeek pulled up outside a time-worn gray building. The thing looked abandoned, except for the ground floor, which was covered in flashing neon lights and signs, practically burning holes into Zeek's eyeballs. Alongside all the flashing signs was a twenty-foot silhouetted woman, hands on hips and high heels. The club was called Cheaters Creepers, and a sign read, Free Hugs Inside, along with all the other ones which flashed XXX.
"Are you sure this is the place, Bess?"
"This is it," she said, leaning across and looking through Zeek's window.
"Death lives in a strip club?"
"It's a portal," she said, "Grab the vacuum, he'll be waiting for us."

Zeek stepped through the rotating door and was met with a sight which made him weak at the knees, his eyes widening with sparkling glee as he turned to Bess.
The room was intensely bright, the walls painted in pastel colors. A long bar with red sparkling vinyl stools ran the length of the room, and a man with a red and white striped shirt and a white paper hat was mixing drinks. The dining booths were made out of the rear ends of classic vehicles, and kids were sitting in them laughing, parents dancing along to the juke box that was pumping out Go Johnny Go, a track from Zeek's all-time favorite movie.
"A milkshake bar?" he asked her.
Bess shrugged. "It's different every time."
"What about the strip club?"
"I think it's Death's way of lightening the load. The dregs walk straight into a steaming hot bath of hellfire."
"Oh, that's nice."
"There he is," she said pointing.
A seat in the booth toward the back of the room was filled with an enormous black cloaked figure, seemingly unnoticed by everyone in the bar.
Zeek walked toward him, hands on vacuum straps. He stopped in his tracks as he took in the enormous thing sitting on the ground beside Death.
Death noticed them approach and a skeletal finger came out of his robe, curling up, calling for them to come. Zeek took a breath, and approached warily as he took in the hideous sight beside Death.
"Leave us, Messenger." Death's voice hit Zeek in the chest, filling his stomach with dread and despair. "Sit, mortal."
Zeek turned to Bess, to find she was no longer with him. Zeek looked Death over, then to the creature beside him. He slid the vacuum off his shoulders and slid into the seat opposite Death, fear bubbling up as he laid his eyes on the darkness beyond the hood.
"W-what is that ... that thing?" Zeek glanced over at it before averting his eyes out of repulsion.
"This is my puppy, Oreo. He is a Hell Hound." Death laid a hand upon its head.
"Oh," Zeek replied, eyebrows raised. "A puppy, huh? A puppy the size of a lion. How'd you come up with the name?"
"They are my favorite of all the mortal cookies. Oreo must remain by my side as I potty train him."
Zeek nodded, brows furrowed. "Sure. Sure. That makes sense. Don't want him just pooping willy-nilly."
A blonde girl skated toward their table and Zeek just about leapt out of his skin. "Hi, my name's Cindy, is ... is something wrong, sir?"
"No," he replied quickly. "I've just got a thing about skates right now."
She flashed a smile, chewing gum. "I'll be your waitress today. What milkshake would you like me to get for you, sweety?"
"I'll take a double choc, peanut butter shake with two squirts of raspberry syrup, two squirts of mint syrup, and a generous topping of triple whipped cream." He said it without hesitation or reading off the menu.
Cindy's gum chewing came to a sudden halt, her smile freezing on her lips. She wrote the order down and began chewing again. "And for you, big guy?"
"Whatever he's having," said Death.
Cindy stuffed her pencil into her hair and skated away.
Zeek leant forward. "She can see you?"
"They all can, Spirit Hunter. They are dead."
"What?!" Zeek glanced around the room, his head retreating into his top like a turtle. "So I'm surrounded by dead people? That's not super creepy, at all."
"Do not fear, mortal. They will bring no harm upon you."
"What is this place?"
"A milkshake bar in the theme of '50's rock 'n roll. Your Soulfile says you are a connoisseur of milkshakes. I thought you would feel more comfortable in this environment."
"So you've read it too, huh?" Zeek cast his eyes downward and muttered something under his breath.
"Give me the vacuum."
Zeek reached over to it, finding himself face to face with the enormous black dog, six inch fangs bared, a thunderous growl rolling out of its curled lips.
"It is all right, Oreo," said Death, patting the monster.
Zeek feigned a smile, then pushed the vacuum toward Death. A long arm reached out, and the skeletal hand pressed against the vacuum's casing. A sharp ringing filled the milkshake bar, and the laughter, conversations, and music came to a deathly silence. Light shattered from the vacuum, so bright Zeek had to shield his eyes against it with an arm. Then it was over, and the milkshake bar came to life again, so to speak.
"It is done," said Death. "She is back in her rightful place. You have done well, Spirit Hunter."
Cindy arrived on skates and placed their milkshakes down before skating away, Zeek stealing a glance of her derriere.
"May I remind you she is dead, mortal."
"Huh? Oh, no, I was just making sure ... her skating form was correct. Gotta be careful you don't throw your back out." Zeek tittered, then sucked on his straw, cheeks burning red.
"Ask your questions, Spirit Hunter."
"Huh?"
"I can see your mind, feel your thoughts. Ask your questions." Death raised his own milkshake to the darkness and the end of the straw vanished into the empty space within the hood. Liquid filled the straw and the shake sucked away, until there was nothing except little bubbling slurping noises.
"I guess let's start with a little about yourself," said Zeek, taking his own straw into his mouth.
Death placed the empty glass down on the table. "I have been around since the beginning of creation. Many cultures have worshipped me. I have been Emperor of Youdu to the Chinese, Yeomra to the Koreans, Hades to the Greeks. The Aztecs knew me as Mictlantecuhtli."
"Say that three times fast," said Zeek.
"And Anubus to the Egyptians. Of course, to many, I am known simply as, Death."
"And we all see you when we die?"
"No. My purpose in this world is to weigh the souls of the dead. If they are unworthy, I reveal myself, and deliver them to the Underworld.
"So you only deal with the bad guys, huh?"
"That is my purpose."
"Why Bess then?"
Death shifted, as if considering what to say next. "I weighed her soul and it was heavy, Spirit Hunter."
"What's that even mean?"
"It is not for me to tell you her story. I leave that to her, if she so wishes."
"I don't get it though. Kyoto, she was a good person. Just a kid. Then her parents were murdered and the Yakuza turned her into a monster. It's not her fault she turned out the way she did."
"Every soul in the living world has choices. They are not always easy choices, but such times are opportunities."
"What do you mean by that?"
"The most difficult decisions define your soul, make you who you are."
"But Kyoto was forced into it. She had no choice."
"There is always a choice, Spirit Hunter."
"She would've been killed," said Zeek, annoyed at the injustice.
"And saved many lives for the sacrifice. A difficult choice to make, but it would have been the right one. She chose poorly!"
The last words came from the darkness of Death's hood in a wave of pure force. 
"I have another question."
Death inclined his head.
"Bess made a comment. She said that you saved me. What did she mean by that?"
Death drew in the air around him and sat up in his seat. "Our time has come to an end, Spirit Hunter."
"But I have questions. You said-"
"I am busy, mortal."
Zeek glowered. "Fine. I guess I better get on with cleaning up your mess then. Don't suppose you know where the next fugitive is hanging out?"
"Follow the trail of death."
"Oh God. What is that?" Zeek's hand covered his mouth as he dry-retched.
"What?" Death turned to Oreo. "Oh, dear. That cow went straight through him, didn't it."
"It looks like an elephant's afterbirth." Zeek placed his milkshake down, his tongue lolling out his mouth as he gagged.
"Naughty Oreo. That's a bad, bad Oreo."


TWENTY-SIX
 
Zeek stepped out of the strip club, passing a group of laughing teenagers.
"I wouldn't go in there if I were you," he told them.
"Eat it, weirdo," one of them returned as they pushed through the doors, laughing. 
Zeek clenched his eyes as their laughter turned to screams. "Straight to hell. Can't save them all, I guess."
"What did Death say?"
Zeek spun around to see Bess leaning against the wall. "Has anyone ever told you that you're very sneaky?"
A half smile pulled at the corner of her mouth. She pressed off the wall and joined him as they headed for the Z-Mobile. "So, what did he say?"
"Well done, Spirit Hunter." Zeek held his fingers out, wriggling them. "Now go forth and clean my messes, mortal."
She chuckled.
"Hey, Bess. Can I ask you a serious question?"
Bess's brow furrowed, her shoulders tensing. "Oh, I ... I guess ..."
"How come you can't eat anything, but Death can eat Oreos and drink freaking milkshakes?"
Bess's tension left her with a cackle and she bumped him with a shoulder. "You mind if I ask you something?"
"Sure."
"What's your superhero name?"
"Oh." He glanced down at his boots and twisted his lips. "Hm. Okay, I'll tell you, but don't laugh."
Bess held up her fingers in scout's honor.
"It's ... Supernatural Zeek." He glanced away, then timidly back to her.
A smirk was forming on her lips.
"Hey," he glowered. "I spent a long time coming up with that."
"Oh, I'm sure you did." Bess's smirk broadened into a beaming smile.
"I used to have a cape you know. But it caught in the vacuum and I almost choked to death."
Bess burst out laughing.
Zeek smirked, then joined her in the laugh. "Come on, sidekick." He gave her his own nudge. "We've got work to do."
 



Howdy peeps, hope you enjoyed the first episode of Death's Bounty Hunter! 

I'm an Indie author (and I don't mean I write as I run away from skeleton crushing boulders), I'm independent, which means I really need the support of reviews to keep Zeek's stories going. Think of reviews like digital cheerleaders. Also, every time somebody writes a review for an indie author, somewhere in the world a fairy is born.

So please pick up some pompoms and give birth to a fairy. 

Thanks!
Billy Larkin
