


Demodicus


By


Angela B. Mortimer




























Demodicus

PUBLISHED BY
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © by Angela B. Mortimer

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.




























Chapter 1


‘Uncle make haste, Halent’s men are in the castle.’
Fiane was so out of breath he could hardly speak. ‘Why else am I delayed? Hurry girl, keep going I’m right behind you.’
She moved her hands over the stone and spoke the words her mother taught her as a child. Without the expected sound of scraping stone, the wall opened. They threw their packs through first and then squeezed through the crack. She moved her hands again and the wall closed.
‘All the way,’ said Fiane. ‘We won’t be coming back this way for a long time, and we don’t want the ways found by another magician.’
‘Uncle, it’s not been sealed for generations, this makes leaving so final.’
She spoke the spell again, and the fine, almost invisible line of the doorway disappeared as if it had never been there. Hopefully, this last gate to the labyrinth of tunnels beneath the mountain would stay sealed, until Salbeath, or one of her kin, opened it.
Fiane took hold of a prepared torch on the wall and it burst into flame. ‘I hope my women are safe,’ Salbeath said in a worried tone.
‘They will be ‒ as long as my apprentice hasn’t lost the way.’
‘You don’t give Tarn enough credit.’
‘He’ll get them to safety Salbeath. I hope he gets himself there too.’
‘Are you sure we should look for Prince Clent?’
‘How else are you to raise another army and get your home back?’
‘My father and brother’s memories will be revered for their sacrifice. I hope Halent doesn’t kill the servants who volunteered to stay.’
‘He’ll need cooks and stable boys, they’ll bide their time until you return.’

Salbeath learned The Way as soon as she could walk. As they reached the first fork, they were silent. They counted the markers for safety. After two hours of concentration, they came to a large arch. So ancient were the runes cut into it that Fiane, with his great knowledge of archaic languages, could only guess at their meaning.
‘Give the offering Salbeath,’ said Fiane in a brisk voice.
She knelt on the floor and asked the mountain to look after Ranal. It was one of eleven arches, and a different prayer said at each. Fiane bowed his head and said the same words. Here the tunnels offered no different passages, and they no longer had to make the right choices or lose their way.
As they finished prayers at the last one, Fiane’s voice changed. ‘Well my girl, you are about to leave your home for the first time. Not as a wife to a worthy prince but as a warrior bent on retrieving her lost kingdom.’
‘Uncle Fiane, I can’t understand how it came to this? Why was Halent upset when my father refused him?’
‘No-one says no to Halent and lives, and although you don’t think about it you are a lovely woman Salbeath.’
‘It was Princess Salbeath he wanted, by marrying me he had a claim to Ranal and would still wage war, we lost either way.’
‘I agree, but he’s never asked to marry anyone else, even Tarn becomes an idiot in your presence.’
Salbeath grinned. ‘Poor boy, I hope he and my ladies are safe. I don’t look like a princess dressed in hunter’s clothes and my hair in a hood. If I stoop a little you can’t make out my breasts.’
‘Good, remember that, and if challenged I do the talking and you keep in the background or better still hide. And I insist you let me teach you the ways of your mother and grandmother. Your father should have allowed it; a talent wasted is dangerous.’
‘I always wanted more knowledge, sometimes I thought I’d go mad with the effort of containing what I am. I need to let go but dare not.’ Fiane understood her feelings, ‘If I have to fight a wizard better I’m a trained witch.’
‘Once we reach Tsocathlan my sister will take over your education.’
‘Why not head for Tsocathlan now ‒ why bother with this prince? Wandering around in the wilderness for fifteen years doesn’t get your kingdom back. How can he help me?’
‘Don’t judge him unseen. Clent has been running since a boy of thirteen when Halent massacred his family. If he hadn’t been a page to your father at the time he’d have been killed too.’
‘I don’t remember him.’
‘You were young. He was a brave boy and left Ranal so your father wouldn’t have to fight on his behalf. Brolan rebuilt the army after the first wars that brought Halent to power, but he wasn’t ready to take him on.’
‘I’ve been thinking I should give myself up.’
‘I’ve thought that too on occasion. Apart from being an abhorrent idea to both of us, your grandmother says it isn’t your destiny and she’s never wrong. Halent has a hunger for you; I saw it in his eyes. But if you want to take the easy way out then tell me now?’
‘Halent looks a fine handsome man but something repulses me. I’d rather fight him than bed him.’
‘Good, that’s what I expected you to say. We must move fast, once we are out of the tunnels it’s a two-week walk to the Chira ridge. At least our packs will lighten as we go.’
‘I’m not looking forward to dirty clothes and cold food. I’m a princess and fond of hot water.’
‘So am I, and I hope our prince has a fuller for we will stink by then.’

His sister Calupina, Queen of Tsocathlan, sent Fiane to Ranal after the death of her daughter Basila in an unfortunate accident. Of Basila and Brolan’s three children, only Salbeath had her mother’s gifts, and he was sent to help ripen them. However, her father didn’t like witches even though he’d loved Basila. Fiane taught Salbeath in secret under the scrutiny of her diligent nurses and maids. The spells in the labyrinth were only allowed because Brolan considered them custom, and he wasn’t aware they involved magic. The first door from the castle into the secret tunnels was always left open, and he didn’t realise an adept had to open and close them. As for the rest, she knew little, a waste of talent for she was powerful if undisciplined. Halent once wanted the mother, but saw her daughter and changed his mind. It wasn’t his nature; for there’d been no talk of Halent and any woman. Fiane believed, as did his sister, that the creature wanted to start a dynasty. His sons ruling over the known world, and daughters given to keep men loyal. Thank The Spirits; the girl was clever enough to see through the fine face, jewels, and clothes, into his black heart, and whatever else he was? Fiane turned to look at her. He rarely showed her affection.
Salbeath saw the strange expression. ‘What’s wrong uncle?’ 
Even in her leather hunting clothes she looked beautiful, and this was a dangerous journey through lands that boasted little law. He doubted a simple hood would disguise her sex. Her thick, black hair was pulled back into a plait to keep it hidden, and her startling violet eyes sparkled even in the meagre light of the torches. In the fine gown of a princess or in these peasant’s clothes she was Salbeath. He understood what Calupina planned by sending them to Clent; she hoped they’d fall in love, marry and eventually wrestle the six stolen kingdoms from Halent. Calupina’s visions never failed her.
‘Nothing, I’m just sad to leave Ranal, and thinking how much worse it is for you,’ he lied.
‘I’ll be back uncle.’

After almost an hour of walking, they reached what looked like a blank wall.
‘I think we can rest for a while Salbeath. I’m an old man and if we have to fight once we leave these tunnels then I need food and water, and to sit for a short time.’
‘You old uncle, never, but yes I’m tired too and hungry. It must be well past midday, and not the best time to leave the cover of these caves. We should sleep for a few hours. I doubt we’ll get another chance to sleep safely before we reach Tsocathlan.’

Fiane slept first. Leaving Salbeath to consider her grief for the first time, it was painful, and she tried to dismiss the feelings that threatened to overwhelm her. Only when Halent was dead could she grieve for her family and friends, most dead or fled. Halent was no fool, he left the peasants alone for he needed them to keep his new territories viable. For that, Salbeath was grateful, many had remained to care for farms, businesses, and other livelihoods. Only those left of the army and aristocrats fled. Halent wasn’t kind to them.

She woke up to Fiane’s voice and for a moment forgot where she was.
‘Come Salbeath, it must be dark.’ He got stiffly to his feet and took hold of his dimming torch. Salbeath’s had gone out. ‘I’ll say the words; you keep your sword readied.’
The words were aimed at what looked like a blank wall of solid stone. Soon there appeared a small crack, which widened enough to let them out. As expected it was dark outside, Fiane said a spell and the torch flame snuffed out, he threw it inside before sealing the stone. Salbeath watched carefully her sword unsheathed. She then led the way out of the small cave opening, covered with thick foliage to hide it. 
‘Nothing here,’ she whispered.
‘Good, I worried Halent might have knowledge about the ways under the mountain.’
‘How could he?’
‘Never underestimate him Salbeath; your father did as many have before him. I’ll lead now.’ Fiane understood the ways of the wild. Before Calupina sent him to educate Salbeath, he’d spent his days travelling. He was much older than he looked. It was said the power of the great adepts made them long-lived, if so Halent must be ancient. Salbeath too would keep her youth, as had his sister for she was still a beautiful and desirable woman.

They kept off the main paths, although there were few travellers. Many of those who fled had done so before the final battle that took their brave king and his sons. Most of the poor living in hamlets along the way wouldn’t have heard the result of the war. Halent instructed his men not to ravage the defeated countries. Halent now wanted them whole and he was a strict ruler, cruelly punishing those who disobeyed him.

They slept little and for a short time when exhausted. They made good time and soon the forests hiding them thinned as they reached the top of the Chira ridge. There were few settlements so far from Ranal, and those who lived here were primitives who killed strangers without question. They would consider Salbeath a prize above price. These men were as silent as they were. Fiane did not sleep now for fear of them.
Salbeath was dirty and fed up with the food they’d brought for travelling. There was plenty of game but they dare not risk a fire although it was chilly at night. She’d never itched like this and couldn’t wait to find Prince Clent. If it meant she might get her clothes cleaned and bathe, even in an icy stream.



























Chapter 2


Halent’s fury at Salbeath’s absence was immense. He did what he told others not to, and killed those in the castle who didn’t hide. His rage calmed and he called out to the survivors, he was their master now, obey him as king and their lives wouldn’t change. Most decided to stay, waiting for Salbeath’s return. They silently watched as frightened soldiers cleared the castle of bodies, blood, and gore, to make it habitable for their lord. Everyone was shocked at the cruelty of the new master. With his bare hands he’d killed, men, women and children, screaming with an unearthly rage and hacking the bodies into many pieces. They had no idea why, until he asked each one ‒ where is your princess?
One hundred and fifty innocents died that day, and their bodies were taken to one of the several pyres where the dead from both sides burned.
His rage finished he withdrew to Fiane’s tower and tried to scry for them. Even with his great power, Fiane and Salbeath had enough ability of their own to keep him out of their minds. Fiane perceived without Salbeath’s help he couldn’t do this and believed what his sister said about her. Perhaps stress and grief had given her power that before was only slumbering.

How Halent hated her and how he wanted her. He imagined her long, black hair on the pillow beside him and that smooth, white body under his. He was angry again and slated his anger on the town people who hid in the town hall. More mutilated corpses for the pyres.
He had to control his temper, it diminished his power, and he’d never find her in this state. He needed Calupina and her people dead, and that’s where Salbeath headed. Becoming rational, he sent out scouts on every path leading to Tsocathlan, and instead of enjoying his conquest of Ranal, marshalled the bulk of his army to march there.

‘Hush,’ whispered Fiane, men behind us, he said mentally. Salbeath was aware of them.
There were six, not local hunters but still carrying game. As if imagining freshly cooked meat Salbeath’s tummy rumbled. Their own food was non-existent, and they had no time to hunt and no fire lit to warm them. Salbeath learned those skills from her brothers and Fiane was used to living off the land. If these men were not mere hunters, they might be who they looked for. He looked at Salbeath and she nodded her agreement. 
‘Hold,’ he said, in a tone that spelt authority and stepped in front of the men while Salbeath hid. The men dropped their kill and went for weapons. ‘Hold,’ Fiane said again, ‘I am an old man,’ he stepped out showing empty hands.
‘Stop there,’ said one. ‘What are you doing wandering here old man, don’t you realise there are men in these lands who’d skin you before asking questions?’
‘I’m looking for someone called Clent,’ said Fiane. They moved threateningly toward him. ‘Hold I beg you, my nephew and I,’ Salbeath stepped out from behind a tree, ‘wish to join him.’ Salbeath hunched over, hiding her face in her hood and they dismissed her as merely a boy.
‘What do you want from Clent?’ The man in charge looked wary his face giving away far too much.
‘That’s my business and his, so you are acquainted with him?’
‘Perhaps?’
‘I am old and so no threat, and my nephew is but a boy, what harm can we do?’
‘True we outnumber you but I’ve not lived this long without being cautious old man, not everyone is as they appear.’
Fiane and Salbeath used their magic, a soundless song that made a spell of compliance, an easy spell learned from her mother when Salbeath was still a young child.
‘We must go old man,’ said the leader forgetting his misgivings, ‘it’s a long walk home.’

It was night before they reached a small, well-hidden, guarded cave. The cave went further in via a narrow tunnel and it was hard for the men to drag the large game through. The tunnel looked as if it was widened in places for there were unnatural marks on the walls. As they moved further in, torches lit the gloom and it opened into several large chambers. The first filled with armed soldiers, and then larger ones containing women, and children. Screened off areas offered family groups privacy, a few had tents made of material or skins.
‘Clent is in here,’ the man gesticulated to behind a skin-covered doorway. The spell wore off and he looked bewildered as he pulled the skin aside.

Inside was a small cave resembling a room in an old castle but for the lack of any window. It even had a fireplace of sorts, the fire contained by stones and the smoke drifting up to what must be a way out. Clent sat alone, a dented pewter goblet in his hand, and he appeared to be drunk. A half-eaten meal rested precariously on a small table beside him.
Fiane’s heart sank, not only was he under the influence of alcohol but his clothes were soiled, he was unshaven, and his hair uncombed. It couldn’t have been a worse beginning for his sister’s plan. Salbeath would be repelled, her brother Talt had been the same; he excelled on the battlefield but at the table was disgusting. It looked as if Calupina’s plans might come to nothing.
‘What is it?’ he mumbled, he had trouble seeing Fiane and then focused. ‘Who by The Spirits are you; what’s going on here?’
‘Prince Clent?’ Fiane started.
Clent lay back in his chair and laughed, ‘Not Prince, only my men call me that and I don’t know you,’ he was confused. ‘Who’s that behind you?’ Clent’s man pushed Salbeath forward. ‘I can’t see you in that hood.’
The man who had brought them pulled it back and gasped, ‘Now that’s a pretty sight, no wonder you kept your sex hidden.’ Now threatened as well as disappointed, Salbeath pulled out her sword. ‘I wouldn’t try that girlie,’ he said, his eyes mocking her.
‘No I insist, try me, peasant,’ Salbeath’s eyes glistened at the thought of a real fight. The man discerned she meant business and backed away.
‘Tell your men to retreat highness,’ instructed Fiane. ‘This is the Princess Salbeath and she’s here to ask for aid.’
‘Stop Jow, you and Palen get out, I’ll see these people alone,’ he yelled at them, ‘and find tea to wake me.’ Although still drunk he stood up, lurched forward and threw clothes off a chair so Salbeath could sit.
‘Please Your Highness, I’m not used to entertaining royalty.’ He put the seat closer to the fire.
Not expecting nor getting the same treatment, Fiane found a stool in a corner, again covered with clothes, and sat in the shadows at one side of the fire. ‘Prince Clent,’ he tried again.
‘Wait, old man, my tea will be here soon and will drive away my sleepiness.’
‘As you wish prince.’
Clent ignored him and stared at Salbeath, ‘I remember; you were two when I left and now?’
‘Seventeen nearly eighteen, Your Highness.’
‘Clent, I repeat I am not a prince. Where are my lands, my title goes with them.’
‘The same place as mine, in Halent’s hands.’

He looked distressed as if frightened to ask about her family. A middle-aged woman pulled aside the curtain, offered Clent a steaming stone mug, and withdrew without ceremony. Salbeath was even hungrier. Clent sat back and closed his eyes while he waited for it to cool. Fiane looked at Salbeath to say let him recover. It was a long time before he opened his eyes again. Noticing the brew he drank it at one go, and in an un-princely way, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Far too much, like Talt. Clent put his head back again but this time when he opened his eyes, he looked aware.
‘My apologies for my unfit welcome,’ he shrugged. ‘We can’t venture out much, even more so with Halent on the move and his spies are everywhere. He never gives up.’ He still ignored Fiane. ‘So Halent fought your father, and if you are here looking for help I must assume Brolan is no longer with us,’ he looked sad. ‘There are rumours Halent admired you and asked for your hand, would Brolan still be alive if he agreed?’
‘Prince Clent,’ said a now angry Fiane. ‘My niece is hungry and anxious to shed her filthy skins.’
Clent’s eyes became even more animated, ‘Niece, so you are the famous Fiane?’ he turned back to Salbeath. ‘Your Highness, I’m sorry for your father, he was a brave and honourable man.’ There were tears in Salbeath’s eyes, she needed to grieve, but this wasn’t the time. ‘Sera?’ he yelled, the woman put her head around the curtain. ‘Sera, this lady will take my room.’
‘Your Highness?’ she sounded surprised.
‘Yes, you heard me. I’ll sleep in the men’s dormitory with my new friend here,’ he indicated Fiane.
‘I’ll not leave her,’ said Fiane, ‘a blanket will suffice. I’ll sleep outside the doorway.’
Clent gave him a shrewd glance, ‘You expect someone here will try to harm her?’ he asked in an innocent voice.
‘As you can see she’s young and lovely, and I understand men. I’ll sleep outside the curtain.’
‘Then so will I, and make sure she is not disturbed. The dormitory is noisy with snoring,’ he explained. ‘We’ll guard her together. Sera, will you help me move what I need. And bring hot water for my lady?’
‘Yes, Highness,’ she replied and withdrew.
‘You ask for no proof?’ Fiane asked. ‘How are you sure we are who we say we are?’
Clent smiled. ‘Queen Basila was very kind to a lonely eight-year-old boy. Although the princess’ hair is black like her father, and not the gold of her mothers, and her eyes are violet, not blue. I see Basila in her glance, and the way she studies me is as her father did. Wizard, I need no proof she is who she says she is. Even in the dark, we get news; you’ve been her guardian these long years.  Since kind, Basila couldn’t pass on her talents it was up to her Great Uncle Fiane, brother to Calupina. But Brolan didn’t approve of your influence over his daughter.’ Sera came in with towels and a basket; behind a man carried a shallow metal bath.
‘Time to withdraw Fiane, Sera will see to the lady’s protection. We can wash elsewhere and I can lend you clothes if you have no spare.’
‘The lady will be safe sir,’ the woman had a cultured voice in spite of rough clothes. ‘This is my husband Ecant, he’ll stay outside and keep guard.’ she bustled around the room tidying up and taking out clothes to be cleaned.
Clent was sober now. ‘Come then sir; let’s leave the princess to the good Sera while I see to your comfort. First, hot wine and bread?’ Sera looked puzzled as Clent gave a deep bow to Salbeath, which she acknowledged by a gracious inclination of her head.

Jugs of hot water arrived not long after, and Sera checked the curtain gave privacy. ‘My lady, may I help you?’
‘Thank you. My hair hasn’t been washed for weeks and the rest of me no better. I can only imagine what has taken up residence, I itch so.’
‘I’ve soaps and herbs to clean anything. Have you a change of clothes? We are dressed in little better than rags,’ she appeared sad for a moment. ‘Food we can forage but is hard to find much else. My husband Ecant and our daughter stand guard, we won’t be disturbed.’
‘Thank you Sera,’ Salbeath was grateful for the woman’s help.  Sera put her dirty clothes in a basket for cleaning and sprinkled it with powder. Sera’s practised touch surprised her. ‘You’re accustomed to this work?’
‘Yes, but not for a long time, I was a lady to Queen Filbera.’
‘Prince Clent’s mother?’ asked Salbeath trying to remember the genealogy of a once great house.
‘You are familiar with our history lady?’ That pleased Sera.
‘My father never forgot what happened at Braystone, nor the others who lost their lands to Halent. He spent his time building a great army to fight him, and we thought we had a real chance.’ The tears came now, Sera’s touch made her remember better days, she sniffed, pretending the soap hurt her eyes.
‘Weep princess it helps,’ Sera guessed who the mysterious visitors were.
‘I’ve no time to weep Sera. Our army is scattered, half lie rotting, and the rest told to run. I’ll not give up until Halent is driven away from Ranal.’
Sera saw she’d guessed correctly and why Clent bowed to the girl, and her heart remembered the life she too had lost. She asked Salbeath to kneel in the bath while she washed her hair with an odd smelling concoction to kill the parasites. It took many jugs of water brought in by a young woman, who Sera introduced as her daughter. Towards the end, the water was nearly cold and Salbeath shivered.
‘I’m sorry, it takes a while to heat enough water for bathing and I should wash your hair again.’
‘How do you keep clean?’
‘There is a river that runs through the caves, it’s freezing but you get used to it. I couldn’t bear to be dirty, although before we found this refuge I was far filthier than you are now.’
‘I’ll have to get used to cold water Sera, so please wash my hair again. I’ve never given much thought to the basic things of life. I’ve always had someone else to do that for me.’

Soon a grateful Salbeath was wrapped in rough, dingy towels, and sat by the fire. Sera and her daughter took her clothes away for cleaning. ‘I’ll take your garments to the fuller, your highness. He’s skilled with the skins we wear as well as the wool we value so much.’
‘Thank you Sera, I’ll need them soon. I’ll get used to wearing the same clothes.’
‘When you are fleeing for your life you can’t be concerned with attire. Do you have something else to wear?’
‘Yes, there’s a dress in my bag. I had to carry food and water not finery.’
Sera went to the pack; no food remained but a fine, black wool dress, a few gold coins, and precious pieces of her mother’s jewellery. ‘Oh your highness, I’ve not seen cloth as fine as this since…’ she stopped suddenly and was silent for a few moments.
‘But you escaped Lady Sera,’ said Salbeath using the woman’s long unused title. ‘I sent my women away to safety weeks ago, but I’m still worried and pray that they’re safe.’
‘Queen Filbera did the same. My husband was in the army and for a long time, I didn’t know if he were alive or dead or if I’d ever see him again. An elderly veteran led us to these caves. He wanted to fight but the queen insisted he take us to safety and make sure we got here. It was a long and dangerous journey and we had children with us. Many died, especially the young ones. There was sickness, and we had no time to treat them but keep moving,’ the sorrow was raw on her face as if she still saw everything clearly. ‘These caves were a long way from our homes, but part of our kingdom. They contained stores and a few men to guard them. Over time more came, including my husband; he was wounded but recovered well. Then the prince found his way here, a starving terrified boy of thirteen, but still a prince.’ She took a comb out of Salbeath’s pack and combed her hair.
‘You’ve been here all these years?’
‘We used to go outside in the better weather and forage for food and medicine. However, lately, Halent’s spies are in greater number so we stay here. A few hunting parties go outside pretending to be men of the area for safety. I haven’t seen the sun nor stars for two months, and many people for longer than that. I miss the air, Your Highness.’
Sera helped her into the black dress. It was a ladies dress, cut low exposing shoulders, and laced to show off her figure. A court dress for the day, simple and unadorned, but not for the caves of Chira. The dress was her plainest, but to Sera, once used to wearing such a garment it was a delight, and she stepped back to study Salbeath.
‘I’m very hungry Sera, and now I’m clean that’s all I can think about.’ She said it to stop Sera’s reverie; the woman was reliving her pain.
‘Didn’t Prince Clent offer you food?’
‘No, he was a little “sleepy” and didn’t think of it, and I haven’t eaten anything for nearly eighteen hours, can’t you hear my stomach growl?’
‘My pardon for his lapse, I’ll go to the kitchen and fetch you something. The food is plain, mainly game or soup but we have a little wine. We make it out of anything we can’t eat ‒ usually hard berries.’ She stopped at the doorway. ‘The prince doesn’t usually indulge, but it’s the anniversary of the massacre of his family.’ Salbeath nodded, she understood what Sera tried to say.












































Chapter 3


Meanwhile, Fiane bathed and changed his garment. Clent too changed his soiled clothes for fresh. Not the attire of a prince, but clean-shaven with his wavy, brown hair in order, he looked younger. His grey eyes were clear, and Fiane thought perhaps there was still hope for Calupina’s plans. He was handsome enough to tempt Salbeath into a mutually beneficial marriage, as long as he behaved sensibly.
Clent rubbed his chin as if he’d heard the older man’s thoughts. ‘I didn’t make a good impression did I? She’ll think I’m a drunk. I’d better face her and try to make amends. It has been fifteen years since I’ve seen a woman of equal rank. I suppose I can remember how to behave?’
He found Sera getting food, she said she’d set a table for them in his room. She told her prince off for neglecting a guest’s comfort.

Clent begged to be admitted. Salbeath sat with her back towards the fire as she dried her hair, and sipped the strange wine. The fire lit up her hair, her now clean skin shone with health and the stark black of the dress made it appear flawless. Fiane understood from the expression on his face that on Clent’s side the battle was over. However, how to get Salbeath to accept the idea? She’d been feted and courted by many handsome men, even Halent looked as fair as he was foul. Clent was far from ugly, but that first impression had been disastrous. The prince realised and was nervous. Fiane asked his niece if she was comfortable.
‘Yes, and I’m not looking forward to putting my travelling clothes on again even when cleaned.’
‘You’re leaving?’ Clent sounded disappointed.
‘Yes, we must,’ Fiane answered. ‘Salbeath will only be safe with her grandmother. I came here hoping for supplies, we couldn’t carry enough food and had no time to hunt.’
‘The witch Calupina,’ Clent said frowning, they sensed his distaste.
‘My sister,’ explained Fiane.
‘Of course, Calupina is known by our people, and held with mistrust.’
‘Only because they are unfamiliar with her Clent,’ said Fiane, used to people’s misconceptions. ‘I’ve heard the stories; she drinks the blood of babies to keep young, and flies the night looking for innocent young men to seduce.’ Fiane fiercely loved his younger sister.
Clent nodded at the rebuke. ‘My apologies but Halent’s cruelty and push for power have people mistrusting your kind. I believe they’re the same as normal people with their frailties and strengths because I knew Basila. But the evil ones overshadow those who have good intentions.’ He looked over at Salbeath.
‘Yes prince, I have the gift but I’m untrained. Although my uncle taught me basics in secret after my mother died. Do you think I’m evil too?’
‘No, if so you’d be in Halent’s bed not running from him.’
‘I must move on I endanger you by staying here. As Fiane says; only my grandmother can protect me.’
‘We are in danger too. Halent knows about the caves, but not how to get in, and when he does, we must flee too. It only takes one man to take the gold and freedom he offers.’
‘How many are you?’
‘Around five hundred, three hundred are women and children. There are another five hundred men spread around collecting information, and what we need and cannot forage. One of those will betray us, a man without a family.’
‘Then what will you do?’ asked Fiane.
‘There’s only the desert but I can’t ask anyone to come with me.’
‘There’s Tsocathlan. Come with us, and help Salbeath to raise another army. She fights like a man for all her womanliness, and her father and brothers have taught her the art of war.’
‘Is this the real reason you came here, there are quicker and more direct paths to Tsocathlan.’ Clent dragged his eyes away from Salbeath.
‘We came for you Clent. Salbeath and you are the only living princes from the Six Kingdoms.’
‘He’ll kill you and take Salbeath.’
‘I’ll die before that,’ said Salbeath and Clent knew she meant it. She looked distressed and turned to gaze into the fire.
‘Clent,’ urged Fiane, ‘only Tsocathlan has any chance of standing up to Halent.’
Clent looked angry, and shocked himself more than the others when he said, ‘Then it might be sensible we think of marriage.’ He tried to make it sound a sensible political comment, but Salbeath understood that look in a man’s eyes.
‘How dare you? I’m not a chattel to be given away to the most convenient prince. If that were the case my father would’ve given me to Halent and be alive now.’ She stood up and Clent stood up too.
Good, thought Fiane, he’s made her angry, and she needs to let her emotions out before they smother her. They glared at one another until Salbeath walked over to the far side of the room.
‘Salbeath, come back to the fire,’ Fiane said gently, ‘that dress is too thin, and you’ll get cold again. As for you young man, I gave Salbeath’s father my word she would not be given to a husband without her consent. And you appear to be in a hurry.’
‘It came out wrong,’ Clent admitted, ‘I make matters worse by saying what jumps into my head. Your Highness, my apologies. I’ll try to behave as a courtier.’
‘I’d prefer you didn’t, I’m fascinated as to what you will say or do next.’ Salbeath was over her temper.’
‘If you mean what just jumped into your head Clent, then I suggest that you treat her as you would any woman and court her,’ suggested Fiane. Not unhappy with how things were progressing. ‘Come, sir, I’m an old man and need my sleep. Let her rest she’s very tired.’

Sera and her daughter put fresh linen on the bed. The sheets were patched and darned but smelt fresh. They added a fur coverlet. Salbeath crawled naked into the bed. Sera was determined to help make a good impression, her romantic heart saw her lonely prince with someone he could love and hopefully marry? She was pleased he’d refused the wine at supper. There wasn’t enough to drink every day, but when he did he looked for the oblivion too much drink gave him. He’d a chance to right the wrong impression he’d given Salbeath, and she’d help it along.

The next day Fiane and Clent woke early. Sera insisted that Salbeath slept until she woke naturally. ‘She’s tired, and didn’t wake when I stirred the embers to start another fire.’
‘Yes, she must be,’ agreed Fiane, ‘for she’s not slept properly for weeks ‒ possibly months. So Clent, while we wait for the lady to wake why don’t you show me around?’ suggested Fiane.

‘The tunnels and caves go for miles, and if Halent finds a way in we can move in deeper. We have stores readied and there’s enough water.’ Clent said. ‘We have a system set up whereby we can bring down the roof in this area, blocking the tunnel; it’d take months to clear it.’
‘You can’t stay here.’
‘No, he’d unblock the tunnel, but it would give us a chance to get everyone to safety, there’s a way out to the mountains to the south.’
‘I’ve walked those mountains as well as the desert to the North West; you can then reach Tsocathlan in just over a week.’
‘It’s no use, my people won’t follow us, they believe the propaganda Halent spreads, but I believe you.’
‘Then that’s a start. There’s no way you can cross the desert without horses to carry water, besides you want Salbeath, and so you will come to Tsocathlan now or later.’
‘Is it that obvious?’
‘You don’t have a courtier’s ways Clent, although you are a prince by birth. She’s beautiful yes, but to be honest neither of you has many choices. Apart from the Tsocathlan royals, as far as we know you are the only royalty left in the Six Kingdoms. Your first meeting didn’t go well. Her father brought her up to be a strong woman, and she’s a good warrior, Brolan saw to that. This is the last chance for all of us. Halent will head for Tsocathlan knowing that is where she’ll go. We can keep him out of the caldera and gather an army. There are many from the lost kingdoms that’ll help fight him. They’re scattered or hidden as you are. We can defeat Halent but only with Calupina’s help.’
‘He wants her and not just because she’s a legitimate princess?’
‘Yes, but lusts might be a better word, he has since she was a child. He was so angry when Brolan refused his first request he killed several men. If this creature is capable of love then he loves Salbeath, and it’s that love which will cause his downfall. She’s his weakness, but we want you to marry Salbeath.’
‘We, the witch I suppose, is that why you came here?’
‘Mostly, but also to get your support. You must get your people away from here. Halent isn’t far, I can sense him.’
‘I’ll do it,’ he’d made his mind up, ‘and not because of Salbeath, but because of her mother. Basila wasn’t evil, but good and kind. However, I’m no longer a prince, there’s a council that governs this settlement, and if they refuse to go then I can’t leave them.’

Salbeath woke up after a long sleep. Sera, relishing her new role, brought her water for washing and helped her dress. Salbeath’s head was heavy from the long, unaccustomed sleep, and at first, she wondered where she was? Then she remembered everything and wished she could retreat into sleep again. After one of Sera’s herbal teas her head cleared and she realised she was hungry and grateful for the gruel. She missed the more substantial breakfasts she used to have.
Sera sent a message to Clent that Salbeath was ready. Clent was quiet and Salbeath cool towards him. He looked respectable having shaved again and cut his hair. Clent attempted small talk to break down her resistance, explaining his idea to escape was to go across the desert to Plenth.
‘And become slaves,’ she suggested with disdain.
‘She’s right,’ admitted Fiane. ‘I’ve been there, they won’t take into account your rank, and they’ve no love for anyone from the Six Kingdoms or Tsocathlan. If you stay here you’ll be killed, and if you try to get to Plenth, most, if not all of you, will die on the way and those who survive will be enslaved.’
‘You don’t have to convince me, but the council,’ admitted Clent, ‘you are welcome to attend the meeting.’
‘Then call them Clent, and we will,’ Salbeath smiled, he’d fallen into their trap. He left looking apprehensive.

‘Prince Clent isn’t what I had in mind for a husband.’
‘I’ve not asked you to marry anyone.’
‘No, but I’m almost eighteen and should have a least one child by now. It’s obvious why we came here, are there no suitable husbands in Tsocathlan?’
‘Your Uncle Solt is married, has children, and there are two suitable cousins.’
‘And even more princes in Plenth?’
‘You wouldn’t like Plenth.’
‘You told me the cities are wondrous and the people clever, cleverer than we are.’
‘Crueller too, a cruel land where women have no say. Let me assure you, you wouldn’t be happy there.’
‘So you tell me. Come uncle let’s find your prince,’ Salbeath said with a mischievous look, ‘and persuade these people not to stay and be butchered by my very ardent suitor. I don’t wish that on Prince Clent. He’s keen to come with us isn’t he?’ she added, with a lift of her fine black eyebrows.
‘A princess is a rare commodity nowadays.’
‘Not that rare, once we reach Tsocathlan he can marry Solt’s daughter; you told me he had one.’
‘I think he likes you.’
‘He doesn’t interest me, he took one look and decided he wanted to marry me, and I didn’t have to read his mind.’
‘If Halent hadn’t taken his lands and murdered his family, you and he’d be married. It was both your fathers wish.’
‘Father never told me.’
Fiane shook his head, ‘No, he didn’t, we’d a war to win. What time was there for talk of marriage? Only that Halent couldn’t have you.’
‘We should have won that war,’ said Salbeath bitterly. ‘And we would have if we hadn’t been fighting a wizard. I don’t trust you sometimes uncle.’
‘Good, don’t trust anyone. It’s your grandmother’s wish you marry him; she’s seen it in her bowl. You and Clent are to go to war together, and form new noble houses to rule over the Six Kingdoms.’
‘Perhaps her bowl is wrong uncle,’ she said, holding back the skins over the door for him to walk out and then she followed him. ‘You’re becoming as much as a politician as old Ganclen…’ she stopped. ‘I hope the old man had a good death. I wanted him to leave with the women, not fight.’
Salbeath’s face showed pain but she still didn’t cry, not even when she received the news her much-loved father was dead.  Tears came and were controlled but she desperately needed to cry.
‘Tarn too, he should’ve caught up with us.’ Fiane worried about the young man. He was to lead Salbeath’s women to safety and then follow them here.
Salbeath heard Fiane’s thoughts. ‘I pray the women made it to safety.’
‘I’m sure they did,’ Fiane did his best to reassure her. ‘As for Tarn, if he’s in trouble you or I’d know.’

Fiane left the verbal persuasion to Salbeath only assisting her to weave the spell of compliance.
‘You must come with us to Tsocathlan.’ They shook their heads. ‘Halent’s scouts are in the area and his army follows. He means not only to find me but your prince too, and then he will kill all of you. Do you realise why he didn’t find you earlier? He was too busy; he planned for war, and to take Ranal the strongest of the kingdoms. Now we of Ranal are defeated he comes this way.’
‘He comes for you, not for us,’ said one of the older men.
‘True in part,’ she looked over at Clent.
‘He comes for me too,’ admitted Clent, ‘as Princess Salbeath says it was always a matter of time before he came here. We didn’t expect to stay this long did we?’ Several men nodded.
‘You know this,’ continued Salbeath, ‘and I understand your reluctance to leave what has become your home.’ The magic was taking effect ‒ she had their attention now. ‘My grandmother is maligned by Halent, for she’s a good woman. He spreads these stories so people are frightened to go and swell the ranks of her army. I haven’t seen her for ten years since Halent surrounded the lands of Ranal. I remember her with much affection.’
A few resisted the spell, but they’d soon yield. Fiane watched Clent’s face; he wasn’t affected by the spell. There was more to this untried prince than anyone realised. Calupina was right, but how to persuade Salbeath to accept him? He must leave it to fate.

The vote was taken, and the twelve men agreed to leave this home of fifteen years, and follow Clent and Salbeath to Tsocathlan.
‘It will be hard to persuade our wives to leave,’ admitted one old soldier, ‘while it’s not been perfect, these caves have been a safe place for us. Our children know no other life.’
‘I understand old friend,’ said Clent gently. ‘But Salbeath’s right. Once Halent gets here, he’ll find the way in, and although the tunnels are vast we can’t stay hidden from such a creature. We must leave tomorrow, and no-one is to be left behind. The old, and sick will be carried when they can no longer walk. We have planned for this since the beginning even before I arrived here. We’ll block the way, so get everyone to the next level as soon as you can.’
Everyone moved to put the plans into action, only Clent, Fiane, and Salbeath were left.
‘So you are a witch like your grandmother?’ asked Clent.
Fiane spoke for her, ‘She is, but untrained.’
‘Really, so why that compulsion to believe everything she said?’
‘Have you changed your mind prince?’ Salbeath asked with a smile.
‘No, sorry to disappoint you, princess, I have not.’
Salbeath stood. ‘I’m going to help Sera; she’ll have much to do.’
When she was out of earshot, Fiane asked him. ‘Have you changed your mind? I saw the look on your face as she “persuaded” your men to do as she wanted.’
‘No, I haven’t changed my mind, and I have an idea I’ll never be bored again. I can’t wait to leave these caves to see the sky every day, and breathe air that doesn’t taste of damp.’
‘There’s one thing I must ask. My apprentice was supposed to follow us here. Have your men seen any sign of a young man in a robe like mine?’
‘I thought witches and wizards could communicate over great distances?’
‘Tarn hasn’t been my apprentice for long. He has natural talent but nothing like Salbeath. He’s her age, little more than a boy. I know he’s still alive but that’s all.’
‘I’ll ask if anyone has seen him. The robe he wears will not keep him safe he might be a spy. Often we kill intruders.’
‘And yet we were brought to you?’
‘I wonder why? It’s obvious how that happened. Funny they didn’t cut your throats when our safety is at stake.’
‘You disappoint me Clent.’
‘I don’t make the rules. I’m just a member of the council. If they ask my advice then I give it. I doubt they’d kill a woman.’
‘She was disguised as a boy. You’re going to have to take power Clent.’
‘Am I? I hope your friend is as skilled at persuasion as your lovely niece is. I’ll pass the word, describe him?’
‘Tall, fair hair, blue eyes, good looking, his name is Tarn, and thank you.’







Chapter 4


‘Highness, your clothes won’t be ready and you can’t travel in that dress.’
‘No Sera I can’t, does the prince have something I can borrow?’ Salbeath asked.
‘I should’ve given them away,’ she looked for a basket. ‘These are his old clothes; they are in good repair and might fit you.’
‘Thank you Sera, I can pack my bag. I’ll come and help you once I’m ready.’
‘Highness,’ she curtsied and ran back to her tent.

Salbeath found items that fitted; she packed more than last time determined she’d have a change of clothes. If her pack was heavy as you ate the food it became lighter. She took off her dress and folded that too not wanting to leave it.
‘Princess?’ It was Clent; he too was in a hurry and walked in before she answered. He stopped his eyes wide and then he shut them. Salbeath picked up a garment and held it to her.
‘I’m sorry,’ he said and stumbled out of the cave.
‘I won’t be long Clent,’ she shouted after him. ‘Wait there, you have to pack too,’ she dressed and called out, ‘I’m ready.’
He still looked embarrassed. ‘I can’t apologise enough, entering a ladies room without permission is unforgivable.’
‘Now you sound like a courtier Clent. No harm done, I doubt if I’m the first naked woman you’ve seen?’
He avoided a reply. ‘I need to pack but I’ll wait until you’ve finished.’
‘I have, and I hope you don’t mind me raiding your old clothes as mine won’t be ready.’
‘It’ll be cold in the mountains, and your boots are thin. I have a stouter pair, good for snow.’
‘I found good boots but I thought you might need them?’
‘Too small, please take them. I’ve hose too; they’ll help keep you warm. You can carry more clothes on this journey.  He rummaged in a basket. ‘Take what you need you don’t have to carry everything yourself.’
‘You will, and as you say, you’re no longer a prince and so I’m no longer a princess and can pull my weight. It will take longer to reach Tsocathlan with children and old people. Besides, I’m stronger than I appear.’
Her sword lay on the bed. Clent picked it up and pulled it from the scabbard. ‘This is old?’
‘Yes, my great grandfathers. It’s shorter than today’s models but a good weight for me.’
‘Can you use it well?’
‘Father didn’t understand little girls, and when my mother died was determined to help bring me up, and not leave me in the care of my nurses. One-day I picked up an old training sword of Talts. We played at first and then one thing led to another, and now I’m a fair fighter.’
‘He taught me too, he was a good man Salbeath.’
‘He was,’ tears pricked so she turned away and pretended to rummage in a basket.
‘I have an old coat made of sheepskin; it’s too tight for me but would fit you. It’s waterproofed and the sleeves have pouches for your hands.’
‘Thank you,’ their eyes met. His earnest expression made her uncomfortable.
He lowered his eyes. ‘I’d better pack,’ he took out a worn bag from under wolf skins on a stool.
‘If you put out what you are taking. I can pack it for you,’ Salbeath offered.
‘Thanks, I have to oversee the move.’ She packed for him as he passed over what he’d take. ‘If I’m not like a prince then you’re nothing like a princess.’
‘Needs must. Go, I’ll finish this. Then I’ll help Sera.’

There was no time to sleep that night, and only soup to eat. Sera told her that when young Clent put these plans in place, knowing they might have to move. It was a relief they had time to prepare.
‘Many are frightened to go. I’m not sorry to leave these caves. It’s been a sanctuary, but no place to bring up children when only the strongest have any chance of life. They need fresh air and sunlight.’

It was time to move. The women and children descended first. Salbeath had a heavy pack and carried a small boy, whose mother nursed a baby. An old man led the way. Sera told her there were plenty of torches prepared, and extra food supplies along the way. Clent hadn’t been idle these last fifteen years. Signs on the walls were to mislead a stranger; chaotic piles of stones showed the correct path.
‘Clent’s idea,’ explained Sera. ‘It looks as if we’ve marked the walls but further on they take another route, and many footprints look as if we went that way. When our men come they’ll obliterate our footsteps, and pursuers will take the wrong way.’ She was proud of her charge and wanted Salbeath to understand he was a good leader. ‘The prince is very thorough. They’ll sweep the sand behind them and then make a few footprints so it doesn’t look too obvious. He added spent torches and caches of food and litter, so nobody will guess they are being misled. The fake tunnel comes out close to the entrance, but high up with a difficult climb down. He’ll be a fine king once we get our lands back.’
Salbeath understood this praise from Sera was so she’d understand Clent was a good leader. ‘I’m sure he will be,’ she agreed.

They reached the lower levels and waited. Several loud booms shook the mountain. ‘I pray no one died,’ said Sera looking worried.
As Fiane helped them, Salbeath doubted it. She hoped it wasn’t Halent blowing a hole in the mountain. Why couldn’t the monster stay in the comfort of Ranal, instead of chasing after her? She worried these people might pay for harbouring her. Fiane told her the passages could protect them for two-thirds of the trip to Tsocathlan. These tunnels were used by Clent’s family for millennia, so no wonder they were so well prepared and stocked.
As if she heard her thoughts Sera said. ‘We are safer going this way but it’d be marvellous to see the sky even if it’s full of snow.’
‘I’ve heard there are many passages.’
‘Many aren’t natural and our ancestors built bridges across rivers too. We’ve not changed much since we came here. The old booby traps needed work. I’m grateful for the shelter the caves gave us, but I’m glad to run and take my chances out in the open.’

Salbeath nodded, she detected Halent searching for her mind, but she’d enough raw power to keep him out. If he found her, she had a price for her compliance the lives of these good people. That couldn’t include Clent, she regretted that but knew he’d agree to sacrifice his life for his people. She fought fear too remembering when Halent tried to kiss her. She’d just turned fifteen and he’d asked her father if he could marry her and form an alliance. He was perfect, but Salbeath sensed what she saw didn’t exist and what she imagined alarmed her. She’d pushed him away and the anger in his eyes terrified her. She was grateful her father refused. Perhaps she should have begged the creature’s forgiveness and said yes. Then her people would be safe and only her spirit dead, her body belonging to Halent. She held the boy tighter, he responded by snuggling deeper into her arms. She understood Halent wanted her soul and her body.

The men caught up with the party. Clent took the boy from Salbeath; the others took the small children off the women and the heavier packs.
‘No need to carry water here,’ he explained, ‘when we leave the caves we can fill water bottles we have stored near a waterfall.’
‘You’re well organised, do you know the way to Tsocathlan?’
‘I’ve seen the mountains around it, but haven’t been far into the surrounding plains. They are farmed ‒ mainly cereals. There doesn’t appear to be a way in, he paused looking worried. ‘The old and sick will have to be carried soon. Winal’s wife is so thin she weighs nothing,’ he said, looking behind at a man and his son carrying a stretcher.

For seven days, they trudged along in the dark in silence. In places, the meagre light of the torches showed vast caverns. Salbeath asked Clent who made the ways.
‘Our ancestors ‒ many years ago. The old stories suggest we started as miners in the mountains before moving to farm in the valleys. We spread along the fertile plains of the two great rivers. My home once stood in the fork of the flow. These old mines were kept a secret, and used for military purposes before the Six Kingdoms found peace. Few had knowledge of our ways under the mountain. I think we’ve been betrayed. Has your uncle travelled them?’
‘No, but he’s travelled the mountain passes. You believe Halent knows the ways?’
‘A team of our men didn’t return a few weeks ago. We found their bodies but it didn’t look like the work of the hunters. There was gold too, but they didn’t live to spend it. I expected this flight to come years ago.’
‘He’s been busy with Ranal,’ said Salbeath. ‘I wish I knew where Tarn was, I worry Halent has found him.’
‘As I said, no one reported seeing any strangers. You are fond of him?’ Clent tried to make the question sound light.
‘I am, he was a stable boy before Fiane recognised his talents and took him in, and we grew up together.’
‘You are proud as befits a princess, but you treat everyone as an equal in the way of a good ruler.’
‘Thank you,’ she thought so do you.
‘We’ve made better progress than expected; we should come out in two days. It’s high up and you can see the mountains around Tsocathlan. It’s autumn so it’ll be cold but bearable. I’ve been there in a blizzard wearing the coat you do. Have you ever seen Tsocathlan?’
‘No, but my brothers visited before I was born. They said it’s a beautiful city. I wanted to go but my father wouldn’t let me, because he worried about the influence my grandmother might have on me. I daren’t leave the safety of Ranal.’
‘Halent?’ she nodded and both were silent.

The next two days were difficult as they climbed uphill. This was tiring for the women and children although they had less food to carry. Winal’s wife died, and they buried her under stones with a short ceremony before moving on again. Fiane helped Sera with her meagre store of herbs, making soothing teas, creams, and bandages for many sore feet.
At last, they noticed a chink of light, and a sudden sound of voices muttering, most happy and excited, and a few nervous about leaving their safe refuge. Clent and Salbeath led the way outside, swords ready in case it was a trap. The light was strong after the gloom of the caves, they blinked against the brightness and when their sight recovered, they saw a breathtaking but cruel vista.
Fiane had travelled the ways above the mountains many times. ‘There are three paths,’ he pointed to a high peak. ‘To the West are more mountains and almost impassable, and to the North desert and Plenth, and East to Tsocathlan.’
‘Most will be fearful of the path we choose,’ said Clent.
‘Through the desert is only thirst and death. And for those who manage to find their way across, in Plenth there’s the slower death of slavery. In Tsocathlan your people will start new lives like the ones they’ve forgotten.’ Clent appreciated Fiane spoke the truth.
‘You’ll be able to convince them,’ but he said it without rancour.

They convinced everyone they’d be safer in Tsocathlan, yet once the secret words of compliance vanished people became nervous again. They filled water vessels from the waterfall and Fiane led the way. These were his lands.
Salbeath and Clent watched the people take the difficult path down the mountain. ‘It’s hard to leave Salbeath; it’s been my home a long time.’
‘I know.
‘You never mention Halent and his desires?’
‘I considered staying but Fiane said doing that would only strengthen him. My grandmother says one-day I’ll defeat him. I’m unsure what I should’ve done for the best. He wants me, and not just for the power I’m said to possess but because he desires me. This is my fault Clent.’
‘Even if your father weakened and allowed your wedding, he’d still have taken Ranal. Brolan understood that.’
Salbeath didn’t tell him that if he caught them, she’d plead for their lives against her freedom. ‘What was my mother like Clent, my memories are blurred?’
‘Beautiful and kind, without her help, I’d never have been happy in Ranal. Although your father was good to me, your brother Talt used to tease me while Pen ignored me.’
Salbeath smiled. ‘I’m told my father took it very hard when she died and thought it improbable an able witch can die by a wall falling on her, he never believed it. He refused to remarry although everyone said it’d be best for me. He had her portrait in his bedroom.’
‘Cry, Salbeath.’
‘I can’t, not yet, tears come, but I can’t shed them.’
‘I remember running away from Ranal when I was thirteen. I was sobbing because father, mother, and my family were being butchered. And I was running away from another family I loved to save them from the same fate. I cried every night as I made my way to the caves. There were people sheltering there, and I had to stop crying because I was their prince. You must cry Salbeath.’ She sobbed; Clent pulled her to him and stroked her hair. ‘He won’t have you Salbeath not while I live.’ He lifted her chin and kissed her. Salbeath didn’t stop him. He tasted the salt of her tears on his lips, kissed her again, and then pulled away.
‘Am I a bad leader?’
‘No, you’re a fine man Clent but you need a shave.’ She smiled and then looked unsure. ‘We must hurry; the others are too far ahead.’ She moved to get her belongings but he pulled her back to him again, his kiss more passionate this time.
At the head of the procession Fiane smiled, Calupina’s bowl is never wrong.

Salbeath wasn’t ready to give in to Clent and avoided him, worried her new feelings endangered her plans. If Halent guessed, he’d be angry, and not just kill Clent but make him suffer. And if she were no longer pure he’d kill everyone here. Therefore, she evaded him although she longed for his arms around her.
Clent asked Fiane why Salbeath avoided him. ‘She likes you isn’t that enough?’
‘No.’
‘Wait until we reach Tsocathlan.’
‘You are her uncle we could be betrothed now.’
Fiane pulled him away from the others so they couldn’t be overheard. ‘So you can bed her?’ Clent didn’t answer. ‘Halent wants her. If she goes with you and is no longer a virgin; what then? Halent will torch the plains and kill everyone in sight. He’s pure evil, and he wants the most desirable of our women as his wife.’
‘What are you trying to tell me?’
‘Clent, it’s your destiny to help Salbeath destroy him. Before he was Halent, his name was Crona, and before that Bal, and before that…? You think I’m old; I’m older than you think. One hundred and thirty-three, old for a human, but Halent has been what looks like a human many times. I’ll die one-day but not him.’
Clent went pale, ‘What is he?’
‘Evil, in human form.’
‘A demon?’
‘That term is as good as any. We don’t know his origins but Calupina believes you, and Salbeath will chase him from this world to another.’
‘He can’t die?’
‘Doubtful, but there must be a way to send him back to his world?’
‘What world?’
‘The Spirit World.’
‘Fiane, I’ve done my best to keep what’s left of my people safe but I’m not a fearless warrior like Brolan and his sons. I didn’t finish my training and never proved myself in battle. I expect Salbeath could do better than I.’
‘You’re too modest. You’ve proved a good general, and that’s not a skill as easy to learn as weapon use. Once we get to Tsocathlan you’ll find Calupina is on your side.’














































Chapter 5


After a few days, they stepped onto the plains and found the going easier. The people of Tsocathlan sow the vast plains with wheat and other crops, relying on the frequent rainfall that fell in the growing period. The harvest was a few weeks ago, and all that was left on the ground was stubble and dust. Fiane wondered if they’d plant this spring?

Clent noticed how pale Salbeath was and asked if she’d slept?
‘No, I can’t,’ she looked haunted and moved away.
Fiane explained, ‘She can’t sleep because he’s calling to her, begging her to come to him, and if she sleeps he enters her dreams.’
‘If he’s so powerful why can’t he fly here and get her?’
‘His human form has limits just like the rest of us. He needs the power he gets from the fear he causes as well as The Spirit World.’
‘Is he close?’
Salbeath answered, ‘Yes, and as he nears it gets worse. He taunts me, shows me pleasure, and pain if I don’t agree.’
‘We won’t make it?’ said Clent.
‘Leave me here,’ said Salbeath her eyes wide with fear, ‘I’ll ask him to let you go,’ but she gave Clent an odd look.
‘He won’t let me go. I’ll have to stay too.’
‘He will kill you, worse now I…’
‘Neither of you will give up, the nearer we get to Tsocathlan the better chance we have,’ urged Fiane.
‘No more innocent deaths,’ Salbeath decided.
‘Forgive me for this child,’ said Fiane and put Salbeath to sleep. Clent caught her before she fell. ‘Now he can’t reach her. I must carry her and you take my pack.’
‘You?’
‘Don’t be deceived by my looks young man.’
‘How long do we have?’
‘From what I can sense from Halent two days, he’s enjoying the chase urging on his troops. We must hurry, only rest when we can’t go another step. He’s taunting us.’

They set off moving fast, resting a few hours at a time. Fiane was tiring although he’d made Salbeath less than half her weight; he was having trouble keeping the spell. Clent took her from him but Fiane lost concentration a few times and she became heavier. They were losing ground.
‘Old man you are tiring,’ said Clent as he tried to hold Salbeath up after the third time Fiane failed.
‘It’s Halent he’s far more powerful than I.’ Fiane panted. ‘Call a rest and lay Salbeath on the ground.’
Clent did as he asked. Fiane looked white with exhaustion and closed his eyes. Then they heard the sound of many horses galloping and a dust cloud rose into the sky. Many panicked and ran leaving their belonging.
Fiane pulled himself up and stood to look at the dust cloud. He looked at Clent and said. ‘Take her; keep heading between those two peaks. Hurry.’
He stood still and muttered into the air. There was a sudden loud crack and a shaking that made the fleeing Braystone’s lose their balance. He then fell to the ground. Clent lay Salbeath down and ran to his aid. As the dust cleared, he saw a wide fissure in the ground half a measure away. There was another crack behind them, and more screams as the mountain around Tsocathlan pulled apart. 
‘We’re safe,’ said Fiane, ‘Calupina has sent the army to escort us. Tell everyone to rest, they will be here soon.’ The cries of the children contrasted with their terrified parent’s silence.
‘What did you do?’ Clent asked.
‘Not just I, I had help,’ he answered. ‘We opened a rift between us and Halent’s army, it will take him a while to get around it, and by then we’ll be secure.’ Clent heard horses coming from the opposite direction. ‘It’s Solt; we can ride the rest of the way. Tell everyone we are safe.’
Clent reassured his people as Fiane sat beside Salbeath.

‘Hail Fiane, what happened?’  Solt said getting off his horse. ‘This must be my niece.’
‘It is, and she’d have done something very foolish. I had to stop her but something isn’t right, your mother will have to help her.’
‘Carts are coming. I’ll take Salbeath and ride on ahead.’ Solt said, advising one of his generals who got off his horse and passed Salbeath up to him.
Clent watched as Solt made her comfortable, holding her up with a strong arm and taking the reins in the other hand. He wanted to run after her but he had to calm his people. The carts approached and he was fearful, what if he was coerced to bring his people, he’d never seen such feats as the ground opening and mountains tearing apart. He now believed the wild tales about Tsocathlan and its inhabitants. Everyone looked terrified when loaded on the carts, and taken through the frightening chasm. The fittest walked although many of the soldiers gave their mount to a weary traveller. Clent breathed easier, he heard and saw kind words, and actions, these Tsocathlan were good men.

Once through the long gap, the fissure in the mountain closed, a few watched but most were too scared to look. They were trapped now, and Clent was trying his best to reassure everyone they were not prisoners but guests. It hurt him as parents held tight to their children as if they expected the worse, but most of the children were now still and silent. They came down the mountain into a fertile valley, with green fields, animals grazing, and crops growing in orchards and market gardens. It was warmer too ‒ winter was far away. In the distance was the city. Set on a large hill in the centre of the caldera was the palace; it dominated the smaller buildings in the city. As they neared, they noticed clean, wide streets, and houses made of rose-coloured stone. If this place was evil it didn’t appear it, all but the most sceptical felt reassured. The wagons lumbered up the hill into a courtyard overlooking a herb garden. They nervously alighted the wagons and were led into a large hall, open on one side to the garden, and then handed blankets. In the centre, tables contained food they hadn’t seen for years. Soft bread, cakes, fruits, meats, and hot soups carried in by smiling servants as they stared in bewilderment. There was wine too, good wine and beer, and water for the children. Most allowed their fears to melt away as they were urged to eat.

Meanwhile, Clent followed Fiane who looked for Salbeath. A servant led them to a luxurious, light-filled room where she lay on the bed. A tall middle-aged woman in a plain, wool dress, and a blond, long, thick plait, entwined with silver flowers, sat by the bed. Solt stood by the window.
‘Fiane,’ the woman said in a pleasing voice, ‘you are grey with exhaustion, go and rest. Solt, will you see Prince Clent is made comfortable?’ she smiled at Clent, and then at her granddaughter, it had to be Calupina. ‘She’s sleeping. The poor girl had a hard time keeping that creature out of her mind but she did,’ Calupina looked pleased. ‘Sleep will cure her. Please Prince Clent, you need to sleep too. Solt will show you your room,’ she dismissed him.
He bowed and followed Solt out.
‘Please highness, I must see to my people first.’
‘By now they realise we mean them no harm. If any are still nervous what they think they see, it’s not the truth.’ Solt answered cryptically.
‘You are a wizard?’
‘No, not like Fiane or my mother. I pick up emotions. I’m a warrior; I leave wizardry to those with real talents. Come, I’ll take you to your people, and be reassured. Then go to your own rest.’
‘Many are sick.’
‘My mother’s ladies will see to them.’
‘They’ve heard terrible stories about this place.’
‘We are not the wolves of Tsocathlan as Halent tells everyone.’
‘I know now ‒ it’s beautiful here. This glorious rose stone glows in the sun.’ Clent ran his hand along the smooth stone of the corridor.
‘It’s common to the mountains to the North.’
‘There are no shutters on the windows, is it this warm all year?’
‘Most of the year we like fresh air. We have two cooler months, but we have pipes under the floors that carry hot water to keep the rooms comfortable.’ Solt stopped to let Clent walk out onto one of many balconies overlooking the city. ‘In those months we get most of our rain, and our crops grow well. Outside the mountain range, it’s cooler and there we grow the larger crops, wheat, and barley, and in summer graze the cattle and sheep. The mountains keep the worst of the weather blowing from the deserts from reaching us ‒ so we prosper.’

Solt was a man in his prime. He looked like his mother with fair hair and blue eyes and was a good half a head taller than Clent. Clent decided he liked and trusted the prince.
‘Halent can’t get in here, can he?’
‘No, and he can’t cast his mind in and try to get at Salbeath. She can rest now and her grandmother can teach her how to keep him out,’ Solt looked serious.
‘I didn’t understand how she suffered; she showed no sign of struggle until just a few days ago.’

They walked down a sloping ramp that ran outside the walls of the palace. Finely twisted pillars of stone kept up a vaulted roof. Clent admired the workmanship.
‘We’ve housed most of your people in an ancient hall. It’s used to prepare herbs after picking. Others are in similar accommodation nearby. This palace has been added to for millennia. It’s not much further; I sense how exhausted you are.’
‘My exhaustion disappeared after I entered this marvellous valley, but it’s returned,’ Clent admitted.
‘See your people are well, and I’ll show you your room. Do you have a servant?’
‘No, Sera insists on bringing meals and keeps my clothes clean, but mostly I take care of myself.’
‘You are still a prince. I’ll send my man to you until you find one of your own to help.’
‘Thank you. As for Sera, she likes to wait on Salbeath,’ Clent explained, ‘she was one of my mother’s Ladies-in-Waiting.’
‘My mother will know this,’ Solt smiled.
They reached a wide archway and saw two of his men stood guard. Clent asked them to rest too. ‘Siel, Rosn, you are just as tired as the rest of us, go to sleep.’ Rosn still looked wary, but Siel relaxed. ‘Tonight Rosn we can sleep easy, unafraid for the first time in fifteen years. We can look up and see the stars, not a cavern roof.’ He pushed the men inside and stepped into the large hall.
Most of his people were asleep on mattresses placed along the outer walls, a few children cried.
Solt knelt and looked at one of the small children. ‘My mother’s women are on their way, this child has a fever, I expect others do too.’
Sera helped the sick. ‘Your Highness, how is the princess?’
‘With her grandmother, who says she needs sleep, as you must Sera. How is your husband?’
‘In pain, his joints ache, and I’ve nothing left to give him.’
‘Prince Solt says people are coming to see to the sick. I’m sure they’ll help.’
‘It appears as fair a place as the princess promised. The gardens are full of herbs but I can’t cut any without permission.’
‘Sera, the people who grow these herbs are far more skilled at healing than what we taught ourselves, trust them and rest.’
‘Yes, I am at peace here,’ she paused as the fear and deprivation of the last fifteen years washed out of her. ‘Fresh bread too, like we used to get from the kitchens at Braystone. It’s so long since we had anything like this.’ She smiled, ‘Did you meet the queen?’
‘Yes, but she took little account of me, her thoughts were for Salbeath,’ he looked across to Rosn and Siel still standing as if on guard. ‘Are you two still here? See to your families and sleep? There’s no need to post a guard.’ They were reluctant to do so. ‘I order you to sleep before you fall.’

Solt moved to the other entrance where Calupina’s healers came in to help. Dressed like the queen in simple, pale-coloured robes, and their hair intertwined with the same jewellery. The eldest adept appeared ancient although she moved as a girl. The youngest healer couldn’t have been over ten.
The older came over to Clent and Sera. ‘I am Talthra, my mistress bids you rest. This good lady will collapse if she doesn’t see to her own comfort. Prince Solt will show you to your room Prince Clent.’ She gave a smile and an inclination of her head, which meant she too had rank.

Clent followed Solt back up the ramp to the wide corridor that led to Salbeath’s room. Solt showed him into a similar room. Its walls painted with shrubs and flowers, the ceiling struts picked out in silver against pale blue. The bed was well away from the large open windows. It was canopied with silver curtains and looked inviting. If the rain came in it’d fall onto the stone paving and into a drain for that purpose. He’d never seen such luxury. Even Ranal and the palace of his father couldn’t compete with the beauty of this fair house. For the first time since he ran away from Ranal, he was at peace.
Solt sensed his thoughts. ‘My man will see to your comfort. After you have slept, I’ll return and you’ll meet the rest of our family.’
‘Salbeath?’
Solt smiled, ‘By then she’ll have woken too,’ he paused as a handsome, middle-aged man came into the room from another door. ‘This is Blasio; he’s looked after me since I left the women. He’ll take care of you as long as necessary.’ He gave another of his warm smiles and left.
‘My Lord Prince,’ Blasio had a pleasant, strong voice. ‘I’ve water ready,’ he pointed to a door, ‘I thought you’d sleep the better for being clean.’
Clent nodded, and followed him into another generously sized room, in which was a contraption Clent had never seen, nor imagined. Water bubbled on top a brazier and close by was a bath big enough for a man to lay stretched out. A pipe led from the large, hot container of water into the bath, and another pipe allowed cold water to flow. Clent undressed and watched Blasio as he turned something on the end of the pipes over the bath. Hot water came out and was shut off. Clent felt an uneducated peasant; these people had luxuries he’d never imagined.
‘The temperature is right; would you step in, Your Highness?’ He moved to help Clent remove the rest of his filthy clothes and into the warm bath. There was soap that didn’t smell of fat and ash but herbs. ‘Shall I dispose of the clothes, sir? I’ve others for you.’
‘Yes, thank you, Blasio.’
Another man, helping Blasio, put the old clothes in a basket. Blasio asked if he might wash his hair and used a liquid that smelt similar to a concoction of Sera’s they used to kill parasites. Afterwards, Clent lay back in the water, cleaner than he’d been since Ranal.
‘Sir, I will lay food out for you before you sleep.’ Blasio left him to rest.

Sleep came over him. Blasio came in and gently woke him, handed him towels and then helped him into a dressing gown. Clent followed him into the bedroom where a small table laid with fruits and savoury herb cakes, waited for him. Blasio poured tisane, but he refused the wine. He ate and drank the tea, but was too tired to stay awake. Experienced Blasio guided him between cool sheets. Clent fell into the bed, asleep before his head hit the pillow. He didn’t wake as Blasio, and his assistant cleared away the table and tidied the bathroom. He’d have been fascinated to see the water drain away via yet another pipe which disappeared under the floor.







Chapter 6


It was early morning before Salbeath woke. At first, she heard the birds stirring and calling to each other. For a few moments, she had no idea where she was, and when she tried to sit up, she felt dizzy.
‘How are you Salbeath?’
She turned to her grandmother and everything came back. ‘I can’t hear him anymore is he gone?’
‘No, but his mind cannot enter here; there are too many adepts.’
‘I was alone. Uncle Fiane tried to help but Halent could avoid him.’
‘Yes, he’s powerful, and yet even without Fiane’s help, you kept him out. Your skills may be raw but not meagre. Your father had no love for witches and wizards. I didn’t force him or be no better than Halent with his evil coercion. Your father was a good man Salbeath,’ Calupina said kindly but added, ‘but he overprotected you. He believed he’d defeat Halent with force alone, and then find Clent to marry you. A good man your father but a dreamer.’
Salbeath was angry at the criticism of her much-loved father, ‘We believed with five times the men we’d defeat him.’
‘I’m sorry Salbeath.’
‘I don’t understand why you didn’t help us if you knew we’d be defeated?’
‘Here I’m more powerful than Halent but outside I lose power. Halent hoped I’d send our armies to help your father and draw us away from the safety of this sacred place. If we fall then who can stand against him? Why do you think you had five times the men? Halent has another army, the army that followed you across the plains of Tsocathlan. He didn’t expect you to go through the mountain. I’m sorry I’ve failed you. It wasn’t easy to watch Brolan and my two fine grandsons die. It wasn’t easy to see those scenes in my bowl.’ Her face showed horror and terrible sadness.
‘And I can’t hide here, while my people are ground underfoot by that monster,’ who could blame Salbeath for her anger.
‘My dear one, my bowl tells me we’ll win but it will not be easy, we have to make sacrifices.’ Especially you, she added but only to herself. First, we must start her training then marriage and an heir. That would anger Halent. More sadness showed on her smooth, patient face but she looked away to the dawn coming over the mountains.
Salbeath followed her gaze, watching as the purple changed from pink and then yellow. ‘Clent and Fiane, and Clent’s people?’
‘Safe. Are you strong enough to get out of bed?’
‘Yes, I wasn’t sure where I was at first. I feel better than I have since the battle for Ranal.’
‘That’s because he’s not taunting you. He’s wanted you a long time Salbeath.’
‘Yes, I know,’ Salbeath agreed, throwing off the bedclothes and getting to her feet. ‘I felt it when I was a child and he tried to kiss me…’ she paused.
‘I’ll get your bath run and food organised.’

Salbeath sat in a fine dressing robe eating a delicious breakfast. They ate in silence as she thought about her grandmother’s words. Afterwards, Calupina’s women helped her into a simple blue gown. Her hair was loose and a delicate band of silver and sapphires arranged around her head. They discussed meeting the rest of the family.

‘Your Uncle Solt is the ruler. I’m too busy with my other duties to do that role justice. Besides, he’s far better than I; a diplomat in every sense. Solt’s wife is a particular favourite. In spite of everything she has to do, she found time to give him seven children. Suranbe is a good mother; she always puts her family first. I made the excuse I was too busy and too old. I married your grandfather Dlan late in life, although he’d been my favourite lover for many years. One of many,’ she smiled at her memories. ‘I used to wonder if your dear mother were a changeling. She fell in love with your father at fifteen. He was eighteen and Basila went to his bed a virgin.’ Salbeath blushed. Calupina smiled at her and changed the subject. ‘You have four male and three female first cousins, and soon you’ll meet them. I’m worried about the youngest girl Cara; she’s vain and jealous. I hope a little competition might improve her,’ she sounded doubtful, worried at what her bowl showed her. ‘If you’re ready and well enough we’ll show you off at a family dinner this evening.’

Suranbe showed great warmth to her niece. Uncle Solt was like his wife, kind and thoughtful. Their children were nervous around their grandmother. Cele, the eldest son, decided as soon as he’d seen Salbeath that she’d be his wife, a perfect future queen of Tsocathlan. He hid his vanity well in the guise of a perfect courtier. But he didn’t fool Salbeath who preferred the next son, Prince Fendal, the same age as she. He had the same kind eyes as his parents. True, his dark hair and eyes were eclipsed by Cele’s golden beauty, but he was unconcerned about his appearance. Calupina noticed Salbeath’s preference and was pleased. Only she knew Cele would never be king. Solt hoped for improvement as he gained experience and wisdom.
The eldest daughter Agena was betrothed, and like her mother no beauty. She had the same warmth and kindness as her parents. Jaclina, the next daughter was quiet. The youngest daughter Cara was as her grandmother described. Like Cele, she had her father’s golden beauty. Salbeath sensed her hostility the moment she entered the room.
Cara tried not to believe it but was Salbeath more beautiful than her? She told herself Salbeath’s dark hair was boring and she was too tall, even mannish. However, try as she might to find fault with Salbeath, deep down Cara realised she eclipsed her. The youngest, twins, Vale and Casin, were still young children and bored at the family get together. Fiane stood a little way off studying the effect Salbeath had on the others, and then he came over with an adept and introduced him. The man had a defensive look which Salbeath realised was due to excessive shyness. Salbeath knew her family members from Fiane’s descriptions.
‘This is Prax, Solt’s twin, Salbeath.’
‘I’m glad to meet you, Fiane told me about you,’ Salbeath smiled. The man said nothing only inclined his head.
Calupina walked over, ‘Prax is an able wizard,’ she explained, ‘he helps keep our borders safe. For most adepts living in the mountains in a cave is something to suffer until another unfortunate relieves them, but Prax prefers the solitude. You should be flattered; he’s come home for a brief visit to meet you. He loved his sister, your mother, a great deal; they were close as children and studied together.’
Prax spoke with his eyes still saying nothing and yet Salbeath understood him. Calupina looked pleased they communicated.
Suranbe called to Salbeath to sit next to her, saying she was sorry they were not meeting in better times and gave her hand a squeeze of sympathy. Salbeath looked over at the door as Solt appeared; standing next to him was an unrecognisable Clent. He was transformed, a true prince.  Their eyes met and Salbeath accepted she loved him. If her older male cousins hoped to gain her hand, they saw they had a rival. Vain Cele convinced himself she would change her mind once they were better acquainted. Wise Fendal knew he had no chance.
Dinner was informal thanks to Suranbe’s excellent organising. Only the immediate family were present. She’d no wish to frighten her guests with countless introductions to the many adepts and nobles who lived not only in the palace but in the city below too.

After dinner, Clent and Salbeath met in the scented gardens outside the dining room so they could talk.
‘How is everyone?’ Salbeath asked.
‘No longer afraid of Tsocathlan. Sera asks after you. I wondered if you might take her as your lady.’
‘Yes, I’d prefer that,’ she wondered how her other ladies fared, and where was Tarn?
‘She’d be honoured. I’m thinking of asking Ecant to be my first servant. He was a soldier but could learn, and get help for the heavy work ‒ what’s wrong Salbeath?’
‘It’s as if I’m dreaming. Here we are discussing taking on retainers as if nothing has happened. As if all we’ve been through is not important. But so many are dead.’
‘I haven’t forgotten and won’t stay here in luxury; I’ll leave and raise an army. I’ve talked with Solt. There are five thousand full-time soldiers here in Tsocathlan, and every other able male is trained in weapons as well as a trade. If I can bring those men Halent has alienated here, we’ll have many more. Your grandmother will keep that monster in check, with the help of other adepts. They work together and they are much stronger that way.’ He appeared positive. Tsocathlan worked its magic.
‘I’m coming with you.’
His eyes were wide and then narrowed. ‘Your cousins give you more choice.’
‘Cele is an idiot. I like Fendal but he’s too young to settle down and too young for me.’
‘Salbeath stop this and tell me what chance is there you’ll marry me?’ he searched her eyes for the answer and hoped he saw it.
‘They are good Clent,’ she said as he pulled her closer to kiss her.

Calupina sensed the news. She smiled at Suranbe, excused herself, and found the lovers, taking them to her apartments in the older part of the palace. Stained glass windows on one wall gave the room a warm glow as the sun set over the mountains. She asked them to sit and one of her adept’s brought wine. It was sweet and thick.
‘Once this valley was as cold as the lands that surround it,’ Calupina explained to Clent. Salbeath already knew the stories of Tsocathlan. ‘As the skills of our wizards grew so did the mildness of winters.  They stopped the hot winds from the deserts bringing dust and insect storms that destroyed crops. No snow has fallen for centuries and we can grow food all year. We know what to plant, when and where, so our soils stay healthy. Next year we’ll be short of wheat and barley. We can grow crops inside the Caldera but I doubt it will be enough as Tsocathlan houses many people. When it’s cool we have novel ways of heating the palace. We use little wood for heating or cooking but keep the trees and grow hard-shelled fruits to use instead. On the inside slopes of the mountains, there are many thick forests but you can demolish a lush forest in a few generations. This is a haven away from the harsh realities of the Six Kingdoms.’
‘One kingdom now,’ said Clent grimly.
‘I’m aware of your plans and agree with you. And, in spite of not being able to sow the plains next year, we’ve planned for this. We have stored enough to feed everyone you bring back, at least for a while. There are four large fortresses in the mountains containing only a few soldiers and adepts. There’s room there for families. We’re prepared to take more people. I want you to search the Six Kingdoms and bring back men who want to fight and regain their lands. It will be a long time before we can defeat Halent and you must learn patience.’
‘I have patience,’ Clent said, his eyes narrowed, he was still uncertain of Calupina.
‘Yes, you do. Salbeath is the one who must learn it.’

There was more, and she had to keep it to herself. One day Salbeath would be too powerful to hide anything from her, but for now she had the upper hand. She was pleased with Clent, he may not be an adept, but he could sense she wasn’t telling them everything. One of Clent’s men was a traitor and had dropped a pretty broach for Cara to find. The girl had no witch’s arts to help protect her or she’d know it was evil. Would Cara care? Calupina doubted it. With this pretty bauble Halent has access to Cara’s mind. Calupina mentally contacted Fiane. The traitor must die. He had done what his destiny asked of him. If only Calupina could stop what was to happen. But if they were to succeed she dare not interfere.
‘Grandmother,’ Salbeath realised she communicated with another.
Calupina looked at Salbeath and then Clent. ‘I’m sorry you’ll get used to my mind being elsewhere. Now on to more pleasurable matters, you wish to marry?’ She smiled, happy that part of the plan had been so easy. ‘I suggest it should be soon. I must warn you the jealousy this will foster will be dangerous, and I’m not speaking of Halent. For now, I ask that you keep it to yourselves for a while.’
‘Cele?’ Clent asked.
‘And another,’ admitted Calupina. ‘Cara wants to marry a prince and thanks to Halent, nowadays they are in short supply. Salbeath’s beauty outshines hers. Even the children of Tsocathlan have human frailties,’ she looked sad. ‘I’m sorry for their parents; they’ll blame themselves for what they believe is their failure. Jealousy and hate are such destructive emotions and Tsocathlan needs to purge them.’ She didn’t have to ask them not to repeat what she was telling them. ‘Cara will be the first and she will corrupt her brother. Fendal will follow Solt, not Cele.’

They discussed Clent’s people. Many families would find homes in the city and on the farms in the Caldera. The palace would sponsor them until they could pay their way. Clent left eager to tell his people.

‘It seems,’ said one old man, ‘the witch knew we were coming?’
‘Aye, maybe she did,’ agreed one of the women, ‘but I’m not complaining. I’ve not been inside a house for fifteen years never mind had one of my own. When you next see the queen Prince Clent, tell her I’m grateful for another chance at a real life. No matter what might happen here I’ll have a roof over my head.’
Most of the women echoed the same grateful words, but a few were suspicious of Calupina’s motives. They liked Salbeath and one day she’d be their queen.

In just a few days, Clent helped one of the families to move into their new home. The town was bright, clean and free of rubbish. He helped carry their pathetic bundle of belongings feeling he’d failed them. They could’ve fled here a long time ago.

























Chapter 7


Salbeath enjoyed the afternoon sun in the garden. She’d had her first lesson with her grandmother and was recovering from the strain. The last person she wanted to see was her cousin Cele. He reasoned she’d prefer a prince with a kingdom to one without one.
‘Cousin Salbeath,’ he bowed prettily. She had to stand up and curtsy in reply. She hated court formality. He dressed in a pale violet suit that said a great deal about his character. For all his fine physique, Salbeath knew he was no warrior, unlike his noble father and hers.
‘It is such a lovely day,’ he prattled. Not picking up from her expression that she didn’t want to talk to him. ‘And so pleasant to talk to a peer, who is not a mother or sister, and such a lovely one if I may say so.’
‘There are many beautiful women here, so many pretty faces.’
‘But only minor nobles; no one of our standing.’
Salbeath didn’t mention his own mother was one of those “minor nobles” and she made a perfect princess. The more he preened and showed up his shortcomings the more he repulsed Salbeath. Cele imagined he made progress ‒ how could she prefer that oaf Clent? He had no lands and one day as the oldest son of Solt, he would be the king of the greatest city in existence.
After a few more moments of him telling her how wonderful he was, she cut him short.
‘Please forgive me cousin but I’ve had a long, hard day with my grandmother, and I must rest before dinner.’ She stood up to leave, he offered his arm, but Salbeath looked the other way pretending she hadn’t seen this.
Cele was angry; the meeting hadn’t worked out as expected.

Salbeath went back to her grandmother’s rooms. Calupina smiled, ‘I thought you’d had enough for one day. Cele can’t believe you might choose another to wed.’
‘I’d prefer Fendal.’
‘I know Cele’s worth. How can such excellent parents produce two such stupid children as Cele and Cara? It never makes sense. Cara wants Clent, not because she cares for him, only that he’s a prince. The wretched child imagines he’ll stay here and live off her parents. And no other thought in her head but what she’ll wear for her wedding.’
‘We should tell everyone we intend to marry. I sense you are planning something?’
‘Good. Your natural skills are excellent. Such a pity your father didn’t give Fiane free rein with your education or you’d be very skilled by now. In your case, it won’t affect the outcome, and yes I have a plan. I understand why you and Clent want to sneak off and search for an army but I want you to stay awhile. For several reasons, one of them is your neglected education. You need skills to fight Halent. I’d prefer to see you married and pregnant with an heir. A year in Tsocathlan learning new skills would be ideal, but I accept neither of you will be content until you start your quest. Halent has gone back to Ranal, leaving part of his army camped on the plains. He has to merge his new kingdom. He’s no fool, the bigger a kingdom gets the harder it is to govern. Don’t think marrying Clent will change anything as far as Halent is concerned.’
‘Grandmother, are we safe here?’
‘He seeks the weak-minded hoping to hurt us.’ Salbeath guessed what she was about to say. ‘Yes, it’s Cara.’
‘Then warn her she’s in danger!’
‘She was lost before he contacted her. When you announce your engagement to Clent, she will seek Halent as a possible husband.’
‘Grandmother, you must stop this. I’ll speak to her and try to explain what he is. He’s not human!’
‘She won’t believe you, imagining you are jealous. Salbeath I’ve tried. Sometimes you can fight and get a better outcome but Cara is as predicted, foolish and shallow. I’ve tried to influence her character since she was a baby but she turned out as expected. It hurts me because I love Solt and Suranbe, and they will be distressed.’
‘And Cele?’
‘He’ll betray us too.’ Calupina looked troubled. ‘However, as we know that in advance we can contain their mischief. If you hope Halent may choose Cara over you then you hope in vain. He sees more in you than just a pretty outer form.’ Salbeath nodded. ‘Enough for today, rest before dinner.’

The evening meal was with the family again and Salbeath found Cele’s attention a nuisance. Cara turned up in her best finery and tried to monopolise Clent. He was polite but as irritated as Salbeath. Her lovely face did not attract him and her vanity repulsed him. If they weren’t brother and sister, Cele and Cara would’ve been perfect for each other.

He escaped after dinner to follow up a family who had accommodation in the town. As he neared the city, he heard a familiar voice behind him.
‘Prince Clent, slow down please ‒ you walk too fast.’
‘Princess Cara,’ he bowed but did not smile.
‘You are always walking somewhere or other.’
‘I’m checking my people are settling in well.’
‘How boring, surely you can get someone else to do that for you?’ She paused and looked arch. ‘I get bored but visiting peasants would be even worse.’ She saw from his frown she had made a mistake. ‘I suppose one must do one’s duty as my mother keeps telling me. When Salbeath marries Cele, I suppose I should clarify I am not averse…’
Clent cut in, ‘I doubt Salbeath will marry Prince Cele. Would you excuse me I must visit my friends,’ he stopped at a house and knocked at the door. He went inside leaving Cara fuming on the doorstep.

She’d asked him to marry her, but this hadn’t turned out as her daydreams showed. It was clear in her mind. He’d fall at her feet and beg her to be his wife, saying she was the loveliest woman in the world. She supposed choosing the street to tell him she was amenable to his address hadn’t been a good idea. He was rude, she’d made a mistake. Living as an outlaw in that cave meant he was uncouth and vulgar, and what did he mean Cele wouldn’t marry Salbeath? She had to spread the poison, so she went back to the palace to find her brother.

‘I’ve just been told by that oaf of a Clent that Salbeath will not marry you.’
Cele sneered not believing anyone would choose a prince without a kingdom over an heir. ‘So where does that leave you, dear sister?’
‘The same as you, dear brother. Father being a fair man will let us choose our marriage partners but they won’t be full blood royalty like Salbeath or Clent. I’ll never be a queen.’
‘You wouldn’t if you married that clodhopper.’
‘But there was a chance,’ Cara insisted. The pretty brooch she wore on her breast did its work. ‘There is always King Halent, he isn’t married.’
‘You stupid fool he wants Salbeath.’
‘But if she marries Clent he must look elsewhere, and I’m a beautiful princess. Then I might be the queen of the world, and perhaps,’ she cajoled, ‘with help from my husband you could be king here.’ She smiled happily. ‘Then you can get rid of Clent, take Salbeath and we can both have what we want.’

When he got back to the palace Clent asked after Salbeath, she was with Calupina. He waited outside. Calupina sensed he was there; an adept appeared and opened the door for him. The room appeared gloomy after the brightness of the newer part of the palace but Clent understood why Calupina preferred it here, it was full of memories.
Salbeath beamed as he entered and Calupina raised an eyebrow as if she knew what had happened.
‘Your Majesty, Salbeath, our secret is out; I was trying to get rid of Cara. I said too much.’
‘I know,’ Calupina answered.
He was used to her knowing what he was about to say. ‘Will you spy on our wedding night?’ he asked without rancour.
‘I doubt it although strong emotion attracts adepts. I have normal ears and they too are useful. Even you could learn the basics of observance.’
‘I’ll have Salbeath for that.’
‘You have learned a great deal without being aware of it young man. Tomorrow we’ll announce your marriage, and as soon as it can be arranged it will take place.’

Salbeath felt her grandmother’s sadness underneath the smile. Two close members of her family were lost to Halent. Calupina looked at her. Fiane’s assessment of the girl was correct. Her granddaughter had power they hadn’t dreamed of, and Calupina was close to unlocking it.
‘Stupid, stupid children,’ Calupina said.
‘I’m so sorry grandmother, can’t we do something?’
‘What am I missing here?’ asked Clent.
‘As I predicted many years ago and tried to prevent. We must let this madness go ahead or risk everything else and lose. Clent, that silly girl Cara wants to go to Halent and offer herself as a suitable bride. She promises Cele your death, and therefore Salbeath. To become king he must kill his father, and don’t forget me,’ added Calupina, the rightful queen.
‘They are both mad, neither of them is capable,’ Clent looked horrified.
‘I agree it won’t happen. Clent, leave things to unfold, Cara will go to Halent. The stupid girl, she can barely ride, and doesn’t understand what lies outside these mountains, or how far it is to Ranal or in which direction.’
‘How will she get out?’
‘The mountain ways are opened regularly. Not on such a large scale as when we let you in. She’ll wait until the next spies are due to leave; all she has to do is ask an adept who knows what is planned.’
‘Please stop her?’ Salbeath didn’t like the girl, but she was foolish and Halent was terror.
‘No Salbeath, sometimes the hardest way is the only one. Salbeath please walk in the garden. I’d like to speak to Clent alone, and no listening ‒ I’ll know.’
Salbeath nodded, ‘Don’t forget you promised to help find Tarn. Fiane keeps disappearing to Prax’s cave.’
‘I’ve not forgotten.’

Clent noticed Calupina used a softer voice when she spoke to Salbeath. ‘You are observant Clent,’ she smiled. ‘You don’t give yourself enough credit for your wisdom.’ She poured the honey wine she preferred and handed one to Clent. ‘I’m aware you’re relying on my help to defeat Halent. I’ll do what I can, but until he’s defeated I can’t leave Tsocathlan.’
‘We understand, you are its protector and it loses power if you leave,’
‘I’m its prisoner. When I visited Ranal, I diminished Tsocathlan. That’s why these last few years I haven’t left even fearing as I did for Salbeath. This is the only island of hope in a sea of terror, and my staying here makes it incorruptible.’
‘I understand,’ agreed Clent.
‘Then I ask you not to leave yet, give me more time. Salbeath has her power within. There is no need for me to teach her ‒ it just needs unlocking, and better by me than Halent. I understand many of your men want to find those who stayed to hold the caves. I’ll not stop them but they must go without you. They will be given stones allowing them to see the true colour of a man’s heart, so those they return won’t betray us.’
‘Like Scheln, who disappeared not long ago, he wasn’t grieved as if we knew he’d be disloyal.’
‘Because deep down everyone knew he must be a traitor. The stones just make sure. You are a good man,’ there was sadness in her eyes. ‘I want you to stay until Salbeath can go with you, but first an heir.’ Clent looked pleased. ‘Everything points to us winning this war, but we must make great sacrifices such as my other granddaughter, she can’t stay here. Salbeath is our weapon.’ Clent saw something in her eyes that frightened him, ‘I’ve not told her everything. I’m not sure either; sometimes there are clouds in the bowl.’
‘Then your bowl might be wrong,’ he struggled to say, ‘what if you are wrong and I lose my love forever? We might all die attempting to kill a creature that can’t be killed in the normal sense. Salbeath tells me what she sees and says there are countless futures, and you’ve seen many of them,’ he was upset at the uncertainty and the seemingly callous way she wouldn’t fight to keep Cara safe, because her bowl said it must be so.
‘We have to believe we will win, or we will lose. We must believe. Clent, that includes you. Salbeath loves you so you play an important part. She too must have hope.’
‘And I hope I’m up to what may be asked of me. You have the hardest part to play, to perhaps lose your grandchildren to an evil creature and give great sorrow to their good families.’

No, you do my dear prince, was what she didn’t say. ‘Go and find Salbeath,’ she said, with a far brighter smile than she felt.








Chapter 8


Fiane opened the door to his room, as expected it was Salbeath. ‘Come in girl,’ he said fondly.
‘You’ve been with Uncle Prax too long. I missed you.’
‘Yes, he’s a clarity of mind that’s refreshing, healing. My sister is more than pleased with you. If only your father let me teach you openly. Calupina says you’ll be better than any of us.’
Fiane’s rooms, like his sisters, where in the older part of the palace, dark and restful. She saw a scrying bowl on the table. It was ancient; it's outside covered in strange half-seen scenes that seemed to move in the light from the windows. Inside the bowl was smooth and well-polished, it appeared to give off light. The water was empty of life but unwavering as if waiting for a question.
‘Tarn is safe but you knew that deep down, believe in your instincts.’
‘That’s what grandmother says but they frighten me. Where is he?’
‘Close, but he says he doesn’t know when he will get here ‒ it might be months yet.’
‘I’m relieved.’
‘I doubt it’ll be in time for the wedding,’ he gave her a strange look, which Salbeath ignored.
Tarn loved her since they were children. They knew anything more than friendship was impossible; an orphan stable boy and a princess, nothing but a dream.
‘He’s my greatest friend.’ Salbeath knew what he meant to say and added. ‘I know life has been hard for him, more so because I daren’t return his love.’
‘He doesn’t find study easy but will keep trying, and one day become a great man and you know why, so he will be worthy of you and equal.’
Salbeath nodded. ‘I love Clent uncle, and his status equals mine,’ she changed the painful subject of Tarn. ‘Uncle Fiane, I feel sorry for Cara and Cele, and grandmother insists we shouldn’t stop what’s started.’
‘I agree with her, she’s done her utmost to change this future but it was too strong, we have to see it through to the next stage, Salbeath.’
She nodded.

It was only five days until the wedding. Clent and Salbeath attempted to be alone for a while. They hid behind a large, overgrown rosebush.
Salbeath, still a virgin, was as anxious as Clent for their wedding night. ‘Come back to my room Clent, Sera will be with her daughter all day.’
Kisses and touch were not enough, Clent groaned. ‘We shouldn’t Salbeath, please don’t tempt me.’
She stiffened and reached for the dagger she carried on her belt. She signalled for Clent to move the opposite way, he too went for his short sword. However, the assassin knew every sound a weapon might make and started to back away. Then he made a move to run but Salbeath had his mind, and he fell into an ancient rosebush unable to move. He dropped the knife in his hand as Salbeath forced him to do as she asked.
‘Don’t touch it,’ Salbeath warned as Clent reached for it, ‘it’s poisoned.’
Clent shouted for help, and four guards came running and led the assassin away. Salbeath carefully picked up the knife and waited for an adept who came with a bowl. Salbeath dropped it in.
‘Who was it?’
‘The brother of Cele’s manservant.’
‘Cele is as big a fool as his sister.’
‘He played his hand too soon; grandmother will be forced to act.’
‘What will she do?’
‘He’s her grandson, she won’t have him executed probably exiled. He still has a part to play.’
‘You are beginning to sound like Calupina.’

The servant expected death as did his brother the assassin. Cele knew Calupina would spare his life for his parent’s sake. He couldn’t lie to wizards and wondered why he had been so stupid in the first place? He remembered going along with Cara’s schemes but how he’d come this far he wasn’t sure. Cele showed a little-belated bravery as he tried to stop Fiane from reading his mind and implicating his sister. Calupina allowed Solt to make the decision. All the nobles were in the great hall to hear the judgement. Fiane’s interviews with the servant, assassin and then Cele, found none of them could deny Salbeath’s interpretation of the events. Master and servant to be exiled, the would-be assassin would be executed.
Calupina and Salbeath sat next to Suranbe, as a pale-faced Solt read the final sentence.
‘Cele, once Prince of Tsocathlan, from this moment you are no longer a prince. When the war is over the sentence can be reassessed, and if the adept’s are sure you are sorry for your crimes, your exile may be then reconsidered.’ That was to give Suranbe hope but Solt expected no change. ‘Whatever the change to the circumstances of your exile, you will never again be a Prince of Tsocathlan.’

The sentences were carried out quickly. The assassin executed by a quick poison, his choice. Cele and his manservant were allowed what they could carry. The serving man wept, he had a wife and baby. However, there was no pity in his wife’s eyes only a stony look of disapproval, it was obvious she wouldn’t follow him into exile. Soldiers accompanied them to one of the high passes controlled by an adept and forced them through. As they reached the outer wall of the mountain they heard the stone knit together again, the gap was closed. They looked at the plain below and at the high peaks above. There was only one-way down. Even if the mountains were not guarded by magic, climbing back was impossible.

The wedding was a subdued affair, after the events of a few days earlier. Calupina was obviously happy and Suranbe did her best to put on a brave face. Cara was asked to be a bridesmaid but refused. Sera’s daughter and Suranbe’s younger sister were to dress and accompany the bride to the wedding. Salbeath was never one for excessive finery. She wore a simple dress in green, the colour of fertility, and her loose hair held back by a circlet made of flowers. Clent couldn’t stop smiling, making the two bridesmaids giggle.
At the wedding feast, the wine flowed and everyone became merry, almost forgetting about Cele. He hadn’t been popular but his parents and immediate family grieved. Calupina felt sorrow, more she’d failed him rather than missed him. Cara left early feigning a headache. She wanted to sleep so she could dream she was the queen of the world. The most beautiful woman ever seen and everyone loved her and not Salbeath. Lately, her dreams had been so real; sometimes they came when she was awake. She wanted to sleep at the oddest times and waking up was difficult. If she’d been wiser she would have asked her grandmother for help. Who would’ve told her the dreams were cruel manifestations of Halent. Calupina watched, unwilling to change the course of fate and cursing her granddaughter for her foolishness.







































Chapter 9


Salbeath became pregnant on her wedding night. She found the joy she’d longed for in Clent’s arms, and he was a man renewed by having what he had denied for so long. Their happiness affected everyone, except Cara who rarely left her room. When she did, she looked exhausted, with a pale face and dark shadows under too brilliant eyes. Suranbe didn’t understand what was wrong with her daughter. She thought it was grief over Cele, and insisted she see the herbalist and doctors, but nothing helped. Calupina’s hardest task was that she didn’t tell her beloved daughter-in-law the truth; only Salbeath and Fiane shared her sorrow.
‘Can’t we destroy the brooch?’ begged Salbeath.
‘We could, but Salbeath there’s more at stake here than one foolish girl,’ Calupina pointed at her granddaughter’s swelling stomach. ‘Your son will be heir to a great kingdom and a good ruler. I’m not as cruel as you think, I wish there’s another way ‒ more for Suranbe than for silly Cara.’ Salbeath shared her distress. ‘Please stop asking me to help her Salbeath.’

Salbeath didn’t have to, Cara disappeared the next day. They searched everywhere for her. The adept, who opened the high pass for soldiers to spy on the army on the plain, was aware she’d left after the soldiers. She knew to keep that knowledge within the Wizard-hood until Calupina told the family the partial truth. That she’d left when a pass opened for the patrols.
They sent men to search but it was too late. Calupina timed it so she’d not be found but allowed to leave to fulfil her destiny. She didn’t have to search her bowl to realise her granddaughter sought Halent to be the Queen of the World. She daren’t reach Cara’s mind but prayed on the wind for the great gods to protect her granddaughter.

With the birth of Clent and Salbeath’s son, Brolan, happiness returned to Tsocathlan. Sadness too because this meant Brolan’s parents would soon leave to look for the men needed to swell the armies of Tsocathlan to defeat Halent. Small bands of men and sometimes families found their way here, skirting the encamped army and dangerously avoiding patrols. It was becoming a regular occurrence, and Calupina or one of the senior adepts questioned the newcomers to make sure they were not spies. Solt too welcomed them and saw to their needs.

On the day the midwife said Brolan was content with his wet-nurse, Salbeath took herbs to dry her milk. She left her son under Sera’s care and trained to re-hone the fighting skills she’d neglected in pregnancy, as well as keeping up her training with Calupina and Fiane. She was a compelling figure who exuded power. In one short year, Salbeath learned more than any other acolyte ‒ even a young Calupina had taken longer to find her skills. However, she’d lost her innocence. At night, she held Clent close as if afraid she’d lose him, and prayed to The Spirits to keep them safe.

Tarn finally arrived with the latest recruits. She ran to him as if they were equals. Clent was surprised. Unhappy her old friend was built more like a warrior, and not a wizard’s apprentice. He experienced jealousy, the stable boy was as handsome as Cele, but with the strength of character that once prince never had. Gold hair and blue eyes that sparkled with delight when he held Salbeath, and when introduced to Clent he looked him in the eyes. Tarn said he’d heard about the wedding and wished them well, but Clent knew better. Tarn obviously loved Salbeath and she loved him. If the acolyte had been of noble blood and not a lowborn bastard, it’d be Tarn who’d be wedded to Salbeath, not Clent.
Salbeath noticed her husband’s jealousy and reassured him. ‘I love Tarn, Clent, but like a brother. My own were too old to play with a little girl so we ran wild together, whenever I escaped my nurses.’
‘He’s not as I expected,’ admitted Clent trying to keep the conversation light.
Salbeath read his mind and perceived his uncertainties. She’d always known Tarn loved her but now she sensed his feelings. He suffered she was another man’s wife and not his. Salbeath understood, and why he had to be noble and not harm their destiny.

They met walking in the gardens after dinner as planned.
‘I left your ladies safe in Blackharn,’ Tarn reassured her. ‘Halent’s strange, he doesn’t allow the army in Ranal to steal, kill, and rape. They’re terrified of him. Your husband is a fine man.’ He meant it but was being noble, and well prepared for the speeches he’d practised since his tears dried.
‘Yes he is, and I love him very much. I’m glad to see my dear friend again,’ she took his hand. ‘I realised you were safe and making your way here.’
‘Halent doesn’t put up with adepts unless they work for him. I had to be very careful. I’m sure little Brolan will be as great a king as his grandfathers.’
Salbeath smiled wistfully and changed the subject. ‘I suppose you’ll continue your studies here?’
‘Yes, but not here, Fiane and I are coming with you.’
‘Good, I need his wisdom. I’ve learned a great deal in a short time. My grandmother believes I’ve great power, but I can’t see I’m better than any other acolyte. She says the rest is up to me. Are you improved for your experiences?’
‘I had to learn fast too but I’ll never be a match for Fiane, though he says I will. He never praised me even when I thought I’d done well. I have lots to tell you…’ he stopped as Clent came towards them. He frowned for Salbeath had her arm through Tarns, she let go.
‘Clent dear, come and join us,’ she said as lightly as she could manage. ‘Tarn’s telling me the news about my friends.’
‘I should leave you two together and let you catch-up,’ he gave a false smile.
Tarn and Salbeath’s eyes met briefly and they both understood. ‘Please, Your Highness, I apologise for monopolising your wife there’s much for us to talk about. Fiane wants to see me. I’m late,’ he bowed and left.
‘Sit down Clent,’ said Salbeath, indicating the garden bench, ‘There’s no need to be jealous,’ she whispered getting to the point, ‘I told you he’s like a brother.’
‘And he? It’s obvious he loves you as a man loves a woman.’ Clent tried to keep his anger in check.
‘Then we can be sorry for him because I love you Clent. Be friends, he’s a good man in a fight, with or without his wizardry. He and Fiane are coming with us so you’ll have to get used to him. We have to leave soon and you’re getting jealous of an old friend when I’m more concerned about leaving Brolan.’ She successfully moved away from the original problem. ‘It may be a while until we have another child.’
Clent pulled her close, ‘I’m sorry, I was thinking only about myself, please stay here?’
‘No I can’t, I must go with you, grandmother agrees.’ She did not add, and she’s hiding something from us.

They were ready to leave a few days later. Fendal would go with them determined to find his sister. Twenty of their best men went with them, those who came from Chira caves. Just before they left Calupina saw Salbeath alone, she appeared anxious.
‘What haven’t you told me, grandmother? You’re keeping something from me. Is it Clent, is that why you were anxious for us to marry and get an heir?’
‘No,’ Calupina was abrupt, ‘it’s you, although it does affect your husband. There’s no way I can make this sound any better. Before you destroy the monster, he’ll take you as his wife. How could I say this when you prepared to marry Clent, you wouldn’t have gone ahead with it.’
Salbeath was white-faced. ‘No, I’d never hurt him, you were obsessed with an heir and disregarded Cara’s danger too. You are cruel; do you care for any of us? The stories about you are true.’

Silence, Calupina understood her feelings and waited. ‘I’m sorry, and now you realise what I’ve been hiding do you blame me? Would you’ve done the same? Yes, and will do the same and recall this talk forever. I wanted you to marry Clent because you need to remember that happiness and want it again. You will come back, and Brolan will have a mother. When Halent embraces you, you’ll understand it’s not Clent. I did this to strengthen you Salbeath. It will be abhorrent; I appreciate how you hate Halent. But you’ll destroy him, avenge your family and Clent’s too, and the others in the Six Kingdoms Halent slaughtered for their lands. I see you’ll succeed.’
‘He tried to force me when I was still a child and now because I’m a wife you think I’ll cope better? Do I have any choice?’
‘You can stay here.’
‘And?’
‘Wait for him, a long time. One day I’ll die and only I keep Tsocathlan safe.’ Calupina wasn’t boasting. ‘If you continue to improve your skills you’ll surpass me. If he allows you to wait here as I do, while the rest of the world becomes Halent’s Kingdom, it will be the same life for you. But one day you will die too and Tsocathlan will be his. Is that what you want, I thought you wanted to fight? You ran from him once and it was the right thing to do, but how did it torture you running away and not fighting.’
Salbeath’s anger lessened. ‘Then what, what does your bowl show?’
‘As always it tantalises and shows me alternatives. I must read it as best I can. I see Halent gone and your son’s ruling in Ranal and Braystone. We must both believe or this will be for nothing.’
Salbeath felt as much doubt as surprise; she sat on the nearest chair her legs weak with fear and shock. Calupina wasn’t one to show emotion but she put her hand on her shoulder. Salbeath was surprised to note how upset her grandmother was.

It was a sad parting. Sera wept as she held little Brolan and Salbeath cried too, Clent couldn’t bear to look at his son.
‘Grow up strong my son,’ he said; taking Salbeath by the shoulder, he led her away. Salbeath didn’t meet his eyes; he thought it was because of Brolan.
Fiane opened the small fissure high in the mountains the same way Cele left. They let the horses go back the way they’d come, shouldered large packs and walked through to the narrow ledge before Fiane closed it. How cold the winds blew outside Tsocathlan, Salbeath shivered. It was a long, hard walk, only Halent’s soldiers had horses these days, and they daren’t risk being interrogated. Fiane looked puzzled as he gazed across the plains.
‘What’s wrong?’ asked Salbeath.
‘There’s no one here; the last patrol said they saw soldiers camped at regular intervals around the peaks and valleys. Calupina didn’t mention this change,’
Salbeath gave him an odd look. ‘Makes life easier, we can cross on the level avoiding the hills, we’ll quickly reach the mountains.’
‘Best we keep to the edge of the hills,’ advised Fendal, ‘it may be a trap.’
‘No Fendal, they’ve gone,’ said Fiane after contacting Calupina.

They were soon on the cliffs under which lay Clent’s old home; they only met a Tsocathlan patrol, who said the army had left yesterday. Salbeath had an ever-increasing sensation of dread. How did Halent realise they were leaving and withdraw his army so quickly? 
‘Where’s the creature Halent?’ she asked.
‘Still in Ranal, Your Highness,’ answered the patrol leader, ‘rewarding his friends and terrorising his enemies. The people there have forgotten how to smile, and those who stand up for their rights disappear. Halent’s laws are tough on everybody, but his friends are able to steal with no comeback, anyone else is executed. It’s rumoured he killed several town elders when they complained businesses were being confiscated from the rightful owners. He had them butchered in the town square in front of everyone; sometimes he does the same to his own men.’ Salbeath closed her eyes as if in pain.
‘Any news of Princess Cara?’ Fendal asked.
‘They say he has no liking for women,’ was his answer. Salbeath blushed. Tarn saw and gave an angry scowl, he knew different. Fiane touched his arm to keep him calm and quiet. Tarn knew what Halent wanted. He hid her the night Halent came for her, remembering their fear as he held her close. The monster sniffed as if he could smell her. If the stable master and Salbeath’s brother Talt, hadn’t come to check on his horse, Halent would’ve found them and killed him, as for Salbeath? He’d been so scared; he’d had nightmares since that night. That was when Brolan the elder had refused Halent’s request, and when the king made sure, he was ready for war.
She moved away as the horrible memories came back. Fiane followed. ‘It’s not your fault Salbeath.’
‘Perhaps not but I still carry guilt. If I’d said I’d take him as a husband I could’ve saved so many lives.’
‘It’d still been war; Halent wanted all the Six Kingdoms.’
‘Fiane?’ she saw in his eyes he was aware of what she knew. ‘Take care of my husband and son.’
‘Of course.’
‘Tell him I’ll come back when I can, although I doubt he’ll still want me, and if that’s the case I’ll understand. We have our son…’
‘I know I’ll see you again. Tarn is listening.’
Tarn came to join in the conversation. ‘You can’t do this,’ he whispered, his face distorted with grief. ‘Not after what we did to stop him taking you.’
‘Tarn, do you believe she wants to go? None of us can avoid our fate.’
‘It’s not forever. I’m older now and wiser Tarn. I’ll find a way to send him back to wherever he came from. Please, if you love me help Fiane and keep my husband safe…’

The next day they were attacked by a group of Halent’s men. It was a hard fight and the first time Salbeath killed anyone. Thinking about it afterwards she worried about the exhilaration, she should by others accounts have experienced at least nausea. They’d done well, no-one got away and only two of their own men received slight wounds.
Salbeath helped Tarn treat one of them. He was full of praise for the way the princess fought. ‘Highness, I’d not want to fight you, I’m glad we are on the same side,’ he said, smiling through his pain.
‘So am I, now let me apply this poultice ‒ we’ve stopped the bleeding. You can’t carry your pack for a few days. What I’d give for even one horse.’
‘I’ll carry it,’ offered a giant of a man, Salbeath knew.
‘Thank you Sadase, perhaps we do not need that horse after all. Ah well, the packs will get much lighter and then we’ll grumble food is scarce,’ she smiled.

That night she needed her husband’s arms. It was hard to be private, so Fiane stood to watch for them as they made love in the trees away from the campfire. She knew she should tell her husband why she headed back to Ranal and not for the woods on the mountain slopes. This was where he hoped to find the men who hadn’t travelled with them to Tsocathlan.
All she could say was in a whisper, ‘I love you Clent, I always will.’

It warmed as they headed south and in the day they removed their thick outer garments. Salbeath still wore the old sheepskin jacket Clent had given her in what seemed like a lifetime ago. It was not only her husband who admired the fair form of his wife as she moved beside him.
‘I can hear what you are thinking,’ she warned.
Clent laughed, ‘I thought eavesdropping was against the rules?’
‘The emotions are too strong to ignore.’

Fiane helped them be alone again. Tarn, silent and brooding struggled with his own despair, despair that Clent would soon experience too. They found more of Clent’s men and sent them onto Tsocathlan. Clent had worried about leaving them to fend for themselves when they left the caves. They also found spies of Halent and showed them little mercy. Salbeath now saw why killing wasn’t always easy. They moved closer to Ranal until Clent urged caution. Salbeath spoke alone with Fiane.
‘Not far now. I’ll use the old ways.’ Nostalgia and fear came into their minds.
‘I should come with you.’
‘No, you must help Clent, what good are you to anyone if you are captured? Send most of the men back to Tsocathlan, then head for Ranal and lie low. I’ll contact you as soon as I can. Tell Fendal I’ll look for Cara if she made it this far. Clent may do something rash, you’ll need a restraint. At least he found recruits for the army and we’ve only looked in one place, there’ll be plenty more in other directions.’ She tried to sound confident.
‘Clent may not be the only one who needs my help.’
‘Tarn will do as you tell him.’

She said a private goodbye to Clent, although he wasn’t aware of it. He noticed the sadness in her eyes but assumed it was leaving Brolan. ‘You should go home,’ he urged, ‘we are too close to Ranal. Odd we don’t see more of Halent’s army as we get closer.’
‘He’s complacent and when we head east to the other Kingdoms we may meet more opposition. Remember that man we met, who said there were plenty there willing to fight.’
‘Yes, I’m pleased with the progress we’ve made, but why we need three wizards is beyond me, go home.’
‘Didn’t we say we’d make an army together? Brolan is in good hands, I didn’t expect to have a family so soon. I should go back,’ she lied, ‘but then I’d miss you.’ She gave him a narcotic in his food and told Fiane she was leaving.
‘You can stop this now,’ he said and waited as she struggled for a reply.
‘I understand how Calupina feels, and I agree we can defeat Halent by finding his weakness. The only way I’ll do that is beside him. If I don’t I’ll lose more than just a kingdom. This is a trap, isn’t it? It’s been far too easy, he sent his patrols to us to be murdered so we’d not suspect. He knows we are here.’ She shrugged. ‘I’m relying on you to keep those two men of mine safe and stop them coming after me. I’m hoping he’ll leave you alone. If not I’ll sense it and help you.’
Tarn came over, ‘If you won’t listen to reason then let me come with you.’
‘No, he’ll kill you. He won’t forget that time in the stable, and if not for my brother’s arrival he’d have killed you then. Don’t make this any harder dear friend. I’m counting on you to help Fiane with Clent, do this for me.’ She touched his face with love, he wept.

She headed for Ranal, now only a day’s walk to the start of the tunnels. Clent would sleep for most of that. As the moon was full, she moved quickly knowing Halent wouldn’t send anyone after her. She ran until she tripped over a branch and fell, hurting her hand and banging her head. Sitting in the damp leaves she felt despair as she tried to control her sobs. But if Brolan was to have his namesake’s kingdom, and the rest of the Six Kingdoms were to be freed, she had to do this. Standing up and slowing her pace, she neared Ranal when the sun was up. A bright, shining, new light shone on old loved places. As she stood on the hills overlooking the city her emotions were so strong that Halent had to sense her. She headed to the woods she’d played in as a child. Once she’d felt safe here, now they held terror. Her grief at parting from Clent, and all she loved, was strong, she could go back? No, she couldn’t, it was too late. Halent waited.

She found the narrow cleft between the two large boulders, which covered the entrance to the cave she and Fiane left not that long ago. She slipped on the way down the slope grazing her arm, the hurt unnoticed as her heart felt her pain. As she tried to get up, she noticed wetness trickling down her face. She laughed; she wasn’t in the best of states for what amounted to a seduction. She got up and made her way into the cave, and said the words of opening. Finding a torch, she was too weak to light it herself, so she fumbled in her pack for flint to light it. Remembering she must close the way in, she said the words to shut the stone. Now there was no light. Her hands shook and it was hard to light the torch. She panicked; even she might lose herself in the pitch black. She slowed her breathing and as she gained control, she tried again to ignite the torch. This time the flint struck the first time, soon the flare was alight and she saw it wasn’t fresh, but one they’d used last time. She found a pile of fresh torches, lit one, and discarded the old. She walked back in the direction they’d left just over a year ago.

Salbeath knew he’d found the passages, they felt different, no longer a place of safety. The fear overwhelmed her and tears came, she brushed them away, the oily soot from the torch streaking her face with dirt. She reached the first arch and took a drink of water and a little food. She had to concentrate hard now. The travel biscuits tasted like ash in her mouth, she coughed and tried to drink more water to help swallow them. Her coughs echoed eerily in the tunnels. When she stood up again her legs shook so much, that she sat again to recover.
‘He’s just a man,’ she said aloud, repeating, ‘just a man and I have to do this.’ But what she wanted was to run back to Clent and then Tsocathlan. She couldn’t because this was the only way she could save her family, and that was why she’d stay. She hadn’t said the welcome prayer, so she knelt and found comfort in speaking the ancient words, stronger now she stood. The walls shimmered as if covered with water, she blinked but it got worse, the surfaces looked as if they were disintegrating and moved away from her. She closed her eyes, believing her terror caused her to hallucinate. But when she opened them again she stood in her old bedroom, and Halent sat in a chair with a strange smile on his face.







Chapter 10


‘Welcome, Salbeath.’ Her legs gave way, and Halent moved quickly to hold her before she fell. ‘You are lovely, and those eyes that once scorned me are now full of tears,’ she looked like a frightened animal.
Halent was as handsome as ever, too handsome, too perfect as if he were not real. He never aged, never changed. He brought her a rare, crystal goblet filled with wine and helped her drink. She sensed the triumph in his mind and the wine made her even more disorientated.
‘I must crow a little at this point and help you understand just why you are here and how much control I’ve had over you. I projected the images in your grandmother’s scry bowl, and so many of her ideas are mine.’ Salbeath’s eyes were wide with shock. ‘I could’ve taken you many times but my plan was to make you come willingly. You can’t kill me; my powers are greater than the combined Tsocathlan adepts. I could have opened the mountains, but I wanted to get you here and I’ve succeeded.’
‘You’re lying.’
‘Am I? This was always my plan. If I took you against your will you might have killed yourself, but now you have reasons to live. So listen to my terms if you want to keep everyone safe. In return for your compliance, I’ll spare your ex-husband, son, and your friends, including the boy I remember so well. I don’t need troops to destroy those rose coloured buildings. I could shake the ground so hard they’d collapse.  Stay with me as my wife, and I’ll leave Tsocathlan’s beauty intact, and those you love will live. Salbeath, if I don’t have your answer now I’ll prove what I’m capable of.’
She appreciated he spoke the truth, and bowed her head as she answered, but her voice didn’t respond, and she mouthed the word, ‘Yes.’
‘I can’t hear you Salbeath?’
‘Yes,’ she croaked.
‘Good. Tomorrow by a convenient new law in this great Kingdom of Halent, you will divorce Clent and marry me. Nurse,’ he yelled.
Salbeath heard the door open and a voice she knew well answered. 
‘Yes Lord?’ 
She turned to the voice. It was her nurse Maran, who had tears in her eyes.
‘Look after your mistress Maran ‒ as I told you we’ll wed tomorrow. I hope everything is ready?’
‘Yes, Lord.’
Halent touched Salbeath’s chin to bring her eyes to his, smiled and then walked out, shutting the door behind him.
‘My poor baby,’ Maran wept.
‘Maran, what are you still doing here?’
‘We are all here Salbeath, one moment I was cooking in the farmhouse, the next the walls went hazy and I was back at the castle.’ She saw Salbeath was going to be ill and found a bowl so she could vomit. ‘What a state you’re in, let’s clean you up and get you into bed.’
Salbeath noticed the graze on her hand had healed, and those on her injured arm had disappeared too. She touched her head, the bump had gone, and the slight headache that came with it. But she was covered in dried blood so she hadn’t imagined her fall. She lay back in the chair and let Maran remove her boots.
Wearily she asked, ‘How long have you been here Maran? Tarn told me he got you away safely.’
‘Thank The Spirits the boy’s still alive. We were brought here at the same time. It must be four months ago.’
‘Did he harm any of you?’
‘Quite the opposite he made us very comfortable. But we can’t leave the castle without his permission, there are guards everywhere. We’ve been busy sewing new clothes for you, he’s very exacting at what he wants you to wear,’ she shook her head a moment and frowned. ‘I’ll get Kena and Pola, everyone wants to see you, but you are exhausted.’
The reassuring chatter of her old nursemaid did not dispel her fear but she was grateful for her presence. Kena and Pola came in sobbing and hugged her, but Salbeath was so tired that she could do little else but sit back while they undressed her. Lady Kena, once a friend of her mothers, was her chief Lady-In-Waiting and Pola, who brought hot water for the shallow bath, her housemaid. How much easier it was to have a bath at Tsocathlan. While they waited for the water, Maran washed the dirt and blood off Salbeath’s face.
‘Lady Natalie has gone to the kitchen to arrange food,’ explained Kena, ‘you need wine, not juice or water to bring colour to that pale face.’
Lady Natalie came in with a kitchen maid carrying a large tray. ‘I thought of that Kena. She’d be in shock as we were.’ Natalie had a voice that cooed like a dove. She kissed her and asked, ‘What about your husband and baby son?’ She busied getting the table laid. ‘I remember young Clent, a thin, shy child.’
‘How do you know?’
Kena answered, ‘He’s told us everything. He says you’ll miss your firstborn even when you have his,’ she pursed her lips in distaste and then softened. ‘I’m glad you called the boy after your father.’ 
‘You must drink and try to eat after your bath. I’ve brought your favourites, nothing heavy, or that needs to keep hot,’ explained Natalie.
‘If I eat I will be sick again, just fruit juice. I don’t think I can take wine.’
‘You will feel better when you are clean. We’ve replaced your clothes with new ones,’ Natalie had the same expression as Maran had.
‘So Maran tells me, are they that awful?’
‘The fabrics are from Plenth, beautiful but not seemly for a Princess of Ranal.’ Then Natalie added, ‘When he said you’d come here willingly none of us believed him Salbeath.’
‘He’s been too clever, I must stay here, or he’ll kill everyone I love.’ She sounded resigned.
The women stopped what they were doing and stared at Salbeath. Natalie’s face screwed up as if she was ready to cry but she resolutely refused. ‘The water for your bath was put on over two hours ago, he knew you were coming.’
‘He did. I’m so tired and even more afraid.’
Kena agreed, ‘Aye, for his fine looks, he doesn’t feel as he should. He must be older than your father and yet looks a young man.’
‘And tomorrow, to save Clent’s life, I must renounce a good husband and marry something I don’t grasp or understand. I’ve no choice and I dread his caress. I’m no longer an innocent virgin and for that I’m relieved.’ She attempted a smile.

Pola came in from the dressing room saying the water was at the right temperature. At least it was easier to climb into the shallow metal bath than the deep luxury of the ones in Tsocathlan. Pola took the dirty clothes away to be burned, but Salbeath asked for the sheepskin jacket to be cleaned, it was all she had of Clent. She let them wash her, unlike Salbeath. When clean and her wet hair wrapped in a towel, she was so drained she couldn’t move to get out.
‘Salbeath, you are not a little girl, we will not lift you,’ Kena’s familiar voice brought her back. ‘If you insist on lying there I can get a burly guard or two to help get you out.’
It felt wonderful to hear Kena scolding. Salbeath smiled and made a face. ‘No thank you,’ she said firmly. Grabbing hold of the low sides of the bath she stood up and took Maran’s hand to help get out. She was dried, sat on the familiar stool, and rubbed with oils and ointment. Then wrapped in a dry towel she sat in front of the banked-up fire in the bedroom to dry her hair. Still refusing food, she tried the wine again. She longed to lie in her bed, but her ladies rules dictated she had to let her hair dry first. With her eyes closed, the others must have thought she dozed and whispered together.
‘There must be something we can do to stop this,’ Maran sounded worried.
‘Giving up our lives would be a futile gesture,’ that had to be Kena. ‘She needs us alive to help her; he is a man and she a princess, bred to marry whoever her family wishes.’
‘But is he a man?’ this was Natalie.

Salbeath heard no more for she fell asleep. She woke up and found she was in her bed. Every time she fell asleep, she had terrifying dreams, where Halent turned into all kinds of monsters. She was not alone, Maran sat in the chair near the fire gently snoring.
She woke up the next morning, eager to relieve her bladder, but found she was unsteady on her feet and she slid onto the floor waking Maran. 
‘Why didn’t you wake me? No, don’t move until I get you a dressing gown, it was a cold night.’ Maran wrapped her in an old one she remembered. She felt stronger but afterwards lay on the bed again.
‘How are you, my dear?’ Maran asked.
‘Awful, as if I am ill although I’ve never been sick.’
‘Nerves can be just as bad as an illness,’ Maran agreed.

The sense of dread persisted, today she’d take new vows and give up all she loved and take a man she loathed and feared into her bed. Maran left her a few moments, coming back with Natalie and her young daughter Suena. Suena curtsied as Natalie took the tray off the kitchen maid, and laid the small table near the windows.
‘Not you too Suena?’ Salbeath was appalled.
‘If not here with us how would I know she’s safe Salbeath?’
Suena ran out upset.
‘Yes, but this is no place for a young girl. What’s wrong with her ‒ she wasn’t scared of me before?’
Natalie didn’t answer but changed the subject after a quick glance at Maran. ‘Suena is very skilled with her needle, she did most of the work on your wedding dress, she has younger eyes than the rest of us.’
‘I suppose it’s nothing like the dress when I married Clent?’
‘I doubt it,’ said Natalie in a dry voice that sounded more like Kena. ‘You appear more yourself this morning.’
‘I have to be. The only happy thing about returning to Ranal is having you here as it makes everything easier. Halent’s no fool, he’s proved that. As my good Lady Kena pointed out, I’m a princess, and a princess often marries for political reasons, not love, and this marriage is as political as can be.’
‘You must try to eat child,’ said Maran as if Salbeath was still a little girl.
Salbeath smiled at warm memories, these women, once her mother’s friends and servants replaced her, and she loved each one. Halent obviously wanted to make her comfortable. 
‘I will, but tea first please.’ Natalie poured it and handed it to her. ‘Did I see kalaberry tart?’
‘And hot griddle cakes, still warm,’ Natalie was relieved Salbeath’s appetite had returned.
Salbeath managed several of the tiny cakes and ate two of the delicate tarts. ‘They taste as I remember.’
‘They should do,’ said Natalie smiling. ‘Younger Buscombe still lives, Halent must have known his talents.’
‘That I like his baking?’ Salbeath joked. ‘What about the rest of the kitchen staff who stayed?’
‘He left most alone but killed two. The others said he realised who was difficult, the ones he killed were respectively mourned but not missed.’ This was from Maran who had the ear of the kitchen, more than the ladies Kena and Natalie.
‘Younger Buscombe was never biddable either, my father would’ve sacked him many a time but for his skills,’ Salbeath looked thoughtful.
‘He only fought when he knew he’d win, look at the size of him.’ said Maran. ‘A bully when he had too much drink, when sober he’s a coward.’
The others laughed. Younger Buscombe was a legend in the kitchen, and then they were silent, each remembering the past and the good days before the war.
‘When am I to marry?’ she had to ask.
‘Noon, in the large temple,’ answered Natalie, ‘It’s been repaired. A new roof, windows filled with coloured glass, as is the great hall. Exquisite, although there was more spirit in the old ruins. Suena is to be your bridesmaid.’
Salbeath’s stomach contracted, ‘What time is it?’
‘Half the morning gone,’ Natalie looked tired thought Salbeath, was she the only one to get enough sleep? ‘Pola has the bath filled. He gave us expensive oils to perfume you. Fragrances I never realised existed, from Plenth I’d say. Jewels too, surpassing anything your mother had, and those are safe, he found your hiding place and had them cleaned.’
‘Is this supposed to make me love him?’ Salbeath was dismissive.
Kena stood in the doorway. ‘Some women would love him for such baubles but not you Salbeath,’ she came forward. ‘And, some women would love him for himself,’ she said, looking at Natalie with a sad expression.

Too soon she was bathed, oiled and in her dressing gown, as Kena and Natalie dressed her hair. Most of it hung down her back, but two plaits were wrapped around her head and the traditional fresh flowers intertwined in them. Amongst the fresh blooms were gold and rubies in the shape of flowers too. Halent thought of everything, the finished style was a combination of the freshness of the tradition of her homeland and a show of his great riches. She refused red powder to colour her pale cheeks.
Then Fara, her chief seamstress came in apologising, she’d been too busy to greet her earlier. Suena followed, she looked as if she’d been crying. In a lined basket lay her wedding gown. The rose coloured fabric was as sheer as a dragonfly’s wing, and this too edged with tiny rubies set in gold. Fara gently pulled it out to show everyone.
‘Now I understand what you meant about the dress,’ said Salbeath, ‘I have to admit it’s very beautiful, but please tell me there’s an undergown?’
The silence was profound. Fara eventually replied, ‘No highness, I’m sorry there’s not. I asked, but he was very exact with his instructions he says you are to wear this dress.’
Or? Thought Salbeath, does he kill you, Fara? He knows I will do it. ‘He must wish to humiliate me and he succeeds.’
Kena was the only one brave enough, ‘He told us he wants every other man to envy his possession.’
‘Possession? I suppose I am, and if I refuse to wear it he’ll threaten to harm you and so, of course, I’ll wear it.’ 
Salbeath knew this was another way of telling her she was his. The simple style was not unlike the robe she’d worn when she married Clent, but her body could be seen beneath. The only concession to modesty was a cluster of the ruby trim in a place no gentlewoman would expose in public. Her breasts were only hidden in part by slender trails of rubies. ‘I suppose it’s no better from the back?’ She asked her face even paler.
Then Maran, her face red with anger said what they all thought but Suena. ‘No, not my girl and no woman, especially a princess from an old noble house, should wear such a dress. And walk to the temple for everyone to gawk at and the men to leer. No, he can kill me if he wishes.’
‘Maran, I need you alive if I’m to get through this. It’s a test.’
Fara shook her head, ‘No, Your Highness, most of your new clothes are similar, some more revealing.’
Salbeath looked angry, her cheeks had colour now. ‘Now do a make a fuss? No, if he wants his wife to appear semi-naked in front of everyone then I will, but it’ll be his humiliation, not mine.’
‘You look lovely,’ said Suena in a quiet voice.
‘Don’t you think young lady, that you can wear her casts-offs as you used to,’ said her mother sharply. ‘Most husbands look for modesty in a wife, Suena.’
‘Of course mother, but she still looks lovely.’
Salbeath had an idea it cost Suena much to admit it.

As she walked through her old home to the temple, only Suena dressed in her new but modest dress accompanied her. Halent’s guards walked front, rear, and side. Salbeath’s strength returned as if she would do battle, in a way she was. She still believed her grandmother there had to be a way to defeat Halent, and she determined not to stop until she’d found it. One day her home would be free, and she’d return to Clent if he’d have her. Halent was a brilliant strategist but there had to be a weakness somewhere. By keeping her family and friends alive, he gave her hope and that meant she’d stay and not put anyone at risk. He was clever, if he had done what most would and killed them then she might have killed herself rather than yield.

She saw his choice of her costume didn’t have the effect he wanted, she sensed, rather than saw the sympathy in the eyes of the people of Ranal. They were unhappy to see their princess used this way. Salbeath held her head high, and there was a martial look in her eyes as she followed Halent’s chief general on the worn path to the old temple. Even when it was a ruin the doors were kept open for the people to enjoy the shade. Now new doors opened in its ancient walls, and inside the weed-infested flags had been re-laid and the broken ones replaced. The once empty windows filled with colour as the sunlight bounced around the walls. It was renewed and yet Salbeath loved it the way it was, in parts open to the sky, its walls telling her family’s history, the townsfolk sitting in the shade when it was hot. It had been a place of meditation and silence, and now everything was too loud, including the music from the restored balcony above.
The soldiers parted and there stood Halent, his golden hair bright in the dappled sunlight. His dark blue suit sewn with tiny diamonds, when they caught the light his form was surrounded with luminescence, a god-like figure. Salbeath closed her eyes against his brightness and unearthly beauty, but he took in everything about her as he looked her over, and he smiled victoriously.

Salbeath repeated the priest’s words but without feeling. They walked out of the temple hand in hand, man and wife, Clent cast away. Everyone cheered but it was obviously forced, and her women struggled with tears as they walked behind the couple.


















Chapter 11


Clent slept until the next morning. When he woke, Fiane told him Salbeath had gone to Halent. He gave him a spell of keeping, stopping him from running after her. The others huddled miserably around watching from a distance. Clent struggled with his feelings as Fiane offered him reasons for her actions. Fendal was spared the sound of screaming in Clent’s mind as he tried to contain his shock and then deep pain, but Fiane and Tarn were not.
When at last he shed tears, Fiane let him go. ‘Be still Clent,’ he warned, ‘or we’ll hold you again.’
‘I must go after her, let me go.’
‘Clent, I’ll keep you here as long as I must. We promised Salbeath we’d keep you safe. She did this for us, but mostly because she loves you and your son.’
Clent was angry, ‘Was this Calupina’s idea?’
Fiane did not confirm nor deny it, so Clent guessed he was right.
Fendal tried to help, ‘I’m sorry Clent but we’ll get her back, she’s gone to the enemy to find a way to destroy him. Then you can be together again and live in peace.’
‘So you knew too, did everyone but me?’
‘No Clent not at first. I guessed Salbeath would try something but my wizard skills are very meagre,’ admitted Fendal.
‘And mine non-existent. Do any of you have an idea just how a husband feels if the wife he loves more than life leaves him? Not because she loves another more, but detests and fears him?’
‘I can only imagine,’ said Fendal truthfully.
‘Let me explain, I have such pain my heart is bursting. I might die with it. I must go after her,’ he pleaded.
‘And perish?’ asked Fiane. ‘We need your help. If you die your people will lose heart, and we’ll not get an army to help drive away the monster. Clent, we must defeat him because you want Salbeath back.’
‘Do I, and what if this monster has no weaknesses?’
‘Everyone has one; the wise seek for theirs and keep it secret.’ Tarn learned that at first lesson.
‘Wizards words mean nothing,’ Clent replied.
Fiane reached into one of his deep pockets. ‘Salbeath gave me this in Tsocathlan. She said the words were not enough to describe her sadness, but she wrote this and hoped that it might comfort you.’ Clent snatched it.

My dearest Love,
I know your pain as you read this, mine will be as deep. I must do this or Halent will reign in our place and continue to kill and harass our citizens at his whim. As a queen, and you a king, we are taught our people come before self. I’m confident I’ll find a way to defeat him, and if you’ll then take me back I’ll come to you. I’ll understand my dear one if you can’t still love or want me. Blame no-one for what was only my decision, it was my fate. Look after our son. I pray to The Spirits to let us be together again soon, Salbeath.

Tears fell from his eyes and he sobbed, the anger was gone, he understood but it didn’t help his despair.
Fiane took a small silver flask from his pack and handed it to Clent. He took a swig of the fiery liquid.
‘Tomorrow the plan is to enter Ranal and wait to hear from Salbeath,’ Fiane explained.
Clent looked incredulous. ‘Surely, the monster will realise we’re there?’
‘Oh yes,’ answered Fiane, ‘I’ve had word from Salbeath. Halent promises us safe passage, all of us.’
‘Why?’ Clent couldn’t understand.
‘Halent’s mind is subtle; hurting us won’t get him Salbeath. Perhaps even a monster can fall in love.’
‘You’ll leave her there and not try to get her back?’ Clent was incredulous. ‘You say he loves her? What he senses is not love, or he’d leave her alone to be happy.’
‘He’d let her go?’ said Fiane gently.
‘As I should? No, I’ll not give up until she’s my wife again and our son has a mother.’
‘Good Clent, neither will I,’ said Fiane, relieved Clent made sense, his thoughts in order, though his feelings were still raw.
‘I’ll do as we agreed, build that army.’
‘After Ranal I’ve another path to follow,’ admitted Fiane. ‘Calupina doesn’t believe even with a huge army and every adept concentrating that we can defeat Halent. I must look for other alternatives. Clent will you help Solt and Fendal with the army?’
‘We’ve no word of Cele or my poor sister,’ Fendal looked concerned.
‘If they are in Ranal Salbeath will find them, she made a promise to you,’ said Fiane.
Tarn remained silent only Fiane sensed his pain.

The graceful old hall once so pleasant and comfortably shabby, was draped with fine silk gold banners and sprays of flowers for the wedding feast. Huge, gold candlesticks, burned so brightly it hurt the eyes. The tables were not laid with the usual pewter, but plates and utensils of gold and silver. The cloth was covered with heavy and costly embroidery. True it looked inviting and magnificent, but Salbeath preferred the hall as it was. Dusty in the sunlight, warmed by firelight or the moon at night, and the rusted weapons on the wall were now gone. The only recognisable part was the way the sun came down in shafts of light from the upper windows; the dust still danced in the light.

Halent was happy. Salbeath sat quietly, eating little and drinking less, she was determined to keep her wits. The music in the gallery was quiet and soothing. The feast was well thought out, but it was like Halent, not real. She preferred the castle of her ancestors ‒ old and unchanging.
She wasn’t surprised to get a headache, her mind fogged and she couldn’t lift her head. Halent sensed this and sent a servant to bring her a tisane. ‘Drink this’ he said handing her the cup,’ she was rattled at his concern.
‘Why me? There are plenty of women you might marry, and most would be glad to go willingly to your bed. Why force me to this?’
‘I’m surprised you ask. The first time I saw you, in this hall, how old were you, thirteen? You looked older, although the style of your dress said you were classed as a child. I’d just taken another of the Six Kingdoms as my own, and you were nervous because your father was. You sensed everything and instead of fear, you wanted to help and support him to do whatever he must. I sensed your power as I saw your pure beauty, and yet so full of sexual promise. I wanted you from the moment our eyes met. You looked straight into mine and did not flinch. You refused to fear me although your father and brothers did. I tried to touch you and you fled. I expected nothing else but I was still angry. So I asked for your hand, convinced Brolan would agree to keep his kingdom, but he loved you too much and did not hesitate to refuse. He was an able diplomat and told me you were too young. So I waited until I couldn’t wait any longer, I told him to send you to me, or I’d come and get you.’
She lowered her head ashamed and guilty again that she’d caused not only her father and brother’s deaths, but those good men and women who followed their king to death.
‘Then, when I was close to what I wanted you ran away with Clent. I knew where he was but considered him not worth killing,’ his voice hardened. ‘Then you took him as your husband; my pure angel in another man’s arms.’ He paused, knowing he had to change his tone and softened it into a caress. ‘What should I do but persuade your grandmother by use of her scrying bowl, I might be destroyed, and you’d find the way by coming here. Then you would free everyone you hold dear in Ranal, and save Tsocathlan too. Calupina knows it’s only a matter of time before the rose city falls. Then I’d take my army across its flattened mountains, for nothing would live once I shook the city to the ground.’
‘No!’
‘Yes, but I’ll keep my bargain.’
Salbeath became dizzy, she saw Maran and Kena coming for her before she fainted in Halent’s arms, and saw his handsome, satisfied face before the darkness took her mind.

She woke up in her own bed and vaguely remembered Halent carrying her. Kena and Maran took the jewels and flowers from her hair to make her more comfortable. They both looked anxious for Halent paced in front of the fire. 
‘Out,’ he said, as Kena put the gems in a box. She moved to leave and follow Maran. ‘Wait Lady Kena; tell the steward that the feast continues. Say my wife is still recovering from her long journey and I wish to stay with her. Leave, don’t hover, I can help her undress, get out.’ His voice wasn’t raised, but it contained a threat enough to make the women nervous.

Salbeath sensed anger but something else too as he looked at her, it was not just lust, he loved her.
‘Why not?’ he read her thoughts, ‘why can’t I love?’ he came closer. ‘Those people at the feast believe you are nervous about our wedding bed. It can’t be because you are a shy virgin; everyone knows you’re divorced from Clent and that you have a child.’ Salbeath was silent. ‘Perhaps they know I tricked you into coming here, although your ladies know better than to gossip. I’d prefer you wanted to come.’
‘Who’d believe that, haven’t we fought a war because I wouldn’t?’ But she couldn’t hold the anger and tears started.
‘Then let them imagine you are here because you are frightened for Tsocathlan. That you underestimated my power, no-one on this plane has the power I have.’
He’d made a slip, and Salbeath kept her mind clear of thought. He sat on the bed beside her, caressed her neck and then her breasts. ‘I’ll teach you how to be the greatest adept, greater by far than Calupina. Fiane and the others will be here soon. You’ll tell everyone, but Tarn, to go back to Tsocathlan. I’ll let you keep your pet.’ Salbeath shook her head, ‘I insist, and I’ve another couple of surprises.’
‘Cele and Cara?’ Salbeath guessed.
‘They are for a later date. I’ve waited too long for our wedding night. You’re recovered, stand up, and let me finish undressing you.’ 
He was right; he must’ve had something to do with her sudden recovery. She did as he asked, and he loosened the ties and pushed the dress off her shoulders onto the floor.

Despite a determination not to want him, her body reacted to his touch as he moved one hand between her legs. ‘You will enjoy this even if you deny it afterwards,’ he led her back to bed. She waited as he undressed; his body was as perfect as his face.
‘What are you?’ she whispered.
‘Perhaps one day I’ll show you,’ he kissed her lips and then her breasts.
Salbeath hardly dared look between his legs, for what she did not want to see. He was a man and he pushed into her. She struggled to control her feelings so as not to betray Clent, but his touch set her on fire. Afterwards, she felt ashamed of her betrayal and turned onto her side, so she didn’t have to look at him.
‘You are my wife now, not his.’ He said but not with anger, he was sated and happy.
‘Do you know everything I’m thinking?’
‘Yes, everything.’
‘Then you know I’ll never love you as I love Clent, never love you. No matter how much pleasure you give me.’
‘I disagree, one day you will.’

She dozed for a while; there was tenderness on his face as he watched her sleep. He woke her when he wanted her again. Salbeath was going mad with pleasure. ‘Stop it,’ she gasped, ‘stop, you are manipulating my mind.’
‘Is that so, or is it your own lust denied, because Clent isn’t like me?’
‘Don’t play with my mind.’
He laughed and let her go. ‘Sleep then, and as you do I’ll watch your face, it’s so innocent in sleep.’
More clues. ‘You don’t need sleep?’
‘Rarely. So many questions and yet you refuse to think about what I say, why is that? So you believe me inhuman. I’m King Halent married to Queen Salbeath. Queen Salbeath the Exquisite.’ His laugh made her flinch.
She got up for the commode, when she came back she crawled back in the bed, but he left her alone. She fell asleep and had a bad dream that showed on her face. He took the dream away and she slept sound, dreaming of sunshine on water.








Chapter 12


When she woke, he was gone. The sun was well risen; it had to be later than noon. Pola was trying to be quiet as she added wood to the fire. Ranal was an old castle, and all year round fires were lit to keep out the damp.
‘Pola, what time is it?’
‘Oh Highness, I’m sorry if I woke you. It’s halfway through the afternoon. I’ll call a lady to help you.’ She ran out and returned a few moments later with Maran and Natalie.
‘I imagine you’d like to bathe?’ suggested Natalie.
‘Yes, I’m stiff and sore.’
‘Did he hurt you?’ asked Maran her face full of concern.
‘No, but is appetite is large.’ She raised her eyebrows, ‘Glad I wasn’t a virgin he would’ve terrified me.’
‘Men calm after a while,’ said Maran, surprising everyone.
‘You know nothing about the matter,’ said Natalie sharply.
Maran shrugged. Salbeath knew as a young woman Maran married a man her family didn’t approve of, and he’d died young.
‘I don’t want you to fall out, but come to think of it you always argued, and Kena kept the peace,’ she smiled. ‘I’d like to believe you are right Maran.’

She bathed and sat in her bedroom by the fire as Kena came in with another new dress, sewn by Fara and Suena’s clever fingers. It was pale violet, edged with white and dark blue crystals. ‘You have to admit he has great taste,’ said Kena dryly.
‘It’s still immodest,’ said Salbeath, ‘no underskirt again and it’s so low over my breasts they are almost uncovered. Where is my husband?’
‘When you’re ready, he requests you meet him in the rose garden. He’s had it replanted,’ said Kena, and then added in a strange voice. ‘He made you a bower covered in roses; it grew so fast it made us nervous. The roses were chosen for their scent.’
‘I hope it rains,’ said Salbeath waspishly. ‘I wish he’d leave my home the way we left it.’
‘He’s changed almost everything but your room,’ Natalie said, her face not betraying her true feelings.

Lady Natalie accompanied her to the garden; several guards in immaculate uniforms escorted them. 
‘Do you think he wants to discuss the weather?’ Salbeath joked.
‘Perhaps, Your Majesty?’
‘Lady Natalie, it’s still just Salbeath, I don’t want change, no highness, or majesty, just Salbeath. Tell the other’s too including Pola. She looks scared of me, and she was once my friend. Just Salbeath, at least when we are alone, the other protocols will have to be used in public.’
Natalie was relieved her charge hadn’t changed, ‘Yes Salbeath, I’ll tell everyone.’
The bower was perfect. It was autumn, the roses still bloomed and would continue to do so until the few months of the cold winter hit. A welcoming table and chairs covered with soft cushions, the colours matching the roses made for a perfect finish. It rained that morning and the wet blooms and leaves sparkled in the sun. Kena was right this couldn’t have grown in one year.
Salbeath sat on the couch. ‘Stay until he gets here, will you Natalie?’ she grabbed her lady’s hand and pulled her down beside her. There was desperation in her voice and Natalie put her arm around her as if she were still a child.
‘How charming,’ said a voice, ‘my wife, and her lady holding each other?’ Natalie curtsied and left, most of the guards followed her. ‘I thought it might be pleasant to eat out here, and afterwards I’ll take you to the runaways.’
‘Are they prisoners?’
‘Two silly individuals don’t you agree? Cele turned up first, telling me he could help me take Tsocathlan.’ Salbeath caught her breath and Halent, in the manner of a fond father, patted her hand. ‘And he added he’d rule over that land under my directions. I told him I could take Tsocathlan any time I liked, and why would I let anyone else rule for me? You should have seen his face, pathetic creature. I heard something else that might interest you, although he dared not say it aloud, he wanted you as a wife, and he thought I should marry his sister. She came a few months later demanding my protection. One of my good generals found her lost; her horse was gone. He has a sense of humour so he brought her here unharmed to amuse me.’
Salbeath didn’t want to hear any more, ‘Stop it!’
‘Stop what Salbeath?’ he looked at her. ‘A pretty enough girl but I’ve no taste for foolish, weak women. Even as a child, you were intelligent. I sensed your power when you tried to reach for my mind, the first time you’d tried to mind-speak anyone but Fiane. You instinctively understood my power. After the training you’ve had with your grandmother you are even better, and yet you fear trying it now, why?’
‘I’m wiser and frightened of what I’ll find.’
Halent laughed and poured the wine. Her favourite foods from Younger Buscombe’s clever fingers appeared on the table. ‘Here drink ‒ this you are far too pale, are you hungry?’
‘No!’
‘You were hungry earlier.’
‘I’ve lost my appetite.’
‘I insist you have something, like one of these excellent fruit tarts or the fruit poached in cider. They are your favourites.’ He put fruit in a bowl and handed it to her. He was right she needed to eat. He watched. ‘You’re surprised I serve you? I’ve not reached the heights of vanity you suspect me of Salbeath. I’m a warrior first ‒ I revel in conquest, and yet here in our home I’m the courtier.’ He came close enough so she felt the heat of his body. ‘Shall I continue the story Salbeath?’ she shook her head. ‘No? I will. The girl Cara walked in head held high, confident I’d be overawed by her beauty and want to marry her.’
‘You put those ideas in her head.’ Salbeath got up as if to leave, but Halent pulled her back. 
‘I can’t change your mind so easily. I’ve thought about it, but I prefer you strong and independent ‒ not easily influenced. Imagine Cara’s shock when I laughed at her suggestion. I told her there’s only one-woman fit for Halent. She hates you because you are more beautiful and much smarter than she is, and her grandmother loves you and has always despised her. It didn’t take much for her fragile mind to snap, she was already close to madness and my words just helped her to the inevitable end. She screamed, tore at her clothes, and then wept. Therefore, I put her next to her brother. I’ve not seen them since. I’m not a man to gloat.’
‘You are not a man.’ Salbeath’s anger made her speak the truth.
Halent wasn’t angry, he smiled and kissed her. Salbeath was a strong woman made even stronger by her adept’s power, but he held her so hard she couldn’t move, his strength was inhuman. He let her go. She was close to tears but refused to give in to them. ‘One day I’ll show you my real self. I’m more beautiful than you could ever imagine. He poured her more wine.
‘Drink this, and I’ll take you to your cousins.’ He sounded concerned.
As she accepted the goblet, she reached for his mind. She felt lust and orgasmed. ‘So that’s what you do,’ she gasped.
‘You will learn to love me, Salbeath. It’ll not be the simple, human passion you have for Clent. You’ll need me for the pleasures only I can give you. Come, visit your cousins.’ He took her arm.

It wasn’t long before Salbeath realised where he led her. ‘You’ve put them in the old dungeons. They’ve not been used to house prisoners for many years. We used them for storage. They are for wine and beer and other preserves, and livestock during sieges. It’s not good for livestock long term, it’s too damp,’ Halent sensed her fear for her cousins. ‘Have you killed them?’
‘I’ve had no report they passed away.’
‘You are a monster.’

Every torch lit up as they descended, it made everything look worse than Salbeath remembered. Green slime oozed down the walls and it was slippery underfoot. Salbeath’s dress and slippers would be ruined. Halent, always sure of foot, put his arm around her to stop her slipping. As an inquisitive child, she’d explored the old cellars and always with a sense of dread. The stories old retainers told of prisoners being left to starve to death had once given her a perverse thrill. However, in the present circumstances, she felt fear at what she’d find.
The steps were wide and deep, and at the bottom, they paused for a moment as two guards stood to attention.
‘How are the prisoners?’ Halent asked.
‘No change, Your Majesty,’ one replied.
Salbeath could smell the fear both exuded.
‘Then escort us there. Hold the torch so the queen can see clearly.’ Halent must have noticed their fear but said nothing.

From there on it was dark and she only followed the light of the torch. It smelt dirty, once it had only either smelled of old wine barrels or in the far places never used, damp, and cold. This smelt worse than a neglected pigsty. They stopped before what amounted to large cages made of metal and wood. As they neared, Salbeath gagged.

First, she noticed Cele still in his once princely clothes, but now they were filthy. Salbeath had to resist the urge to put her fingers over her nose to keep the stench away. It looked as if the cell hadn’t been cleaned since he was put there. Cele hid his face from the light. His hair was as filthy as any cackling beggar, and his excrement was everywhere.
Salbeath nearly retched and turned to Halent in a fury. ‘He’s a prince ‒ how dare you do this to him?’
‘A prince, who’d betray his family, his people, and his land for a woman. You are that woman.’
‘You can’t blame this on me so don’t try. He didn’t love me he loved my position. He thinks a prince should marry a princess, and thanks to you they are in short supply.’
‘You underestimate your charms, my dear.’ Salbeath wanted to strike him. ‘Shall we now visit your lovely cousin?’
Cele might in control but Cara wasn’t. The dried blood-soaked rag was once a fine riding dress, and now hung in tatters around her wasted body, and her once beautiful face was in ruins. Salbeath recoiled.
‘You are a beast!’
‘She did that herself after the guards and their friends had enough.’
‘Let them out!’ screamed Salbeath.
‘Why, what will you do with them?’
‘Send them home.’ Salbeath retched, turned away, and vomited.

Halent held her until she recovered, then picked her up, walked back to her room and put her on the bed. 
Maran jumped up forgetting whom she was talking to, she blurted out, ‘What have you done to her?’
Halent glared at her and Maran felt fear, then he changed his look to one supposed to calm. ‘I’ve done nothing and that was the wrong thing. She’s had a shock, make her comfortable until she’s better.’ He moved away, only Salbeath noticed the dirty marks on her dress and slippers had disappeared. ‘I believe you should marshal your friends, the Queen will need your services.’

As soon as he’d gone Salbeath sat up. ‘He’s right Maran, we’ll need everyone to help, is the old laundry still intact?’
‘I believe so, Salbeath.’ Maran looked puzzled.
‘I’ll explain when the others get here, Maran, I’m fine, bring everyone.’








Chapter 13


When her women assembled, Salbeath told them about her cousins. She was distressed and they waited for her to speak.
‘That monster kept my cousins in the old dungeons where they’ve been locked up like animals for a year. You can imagine the state they are in.’
‘Halent mentioned it before you arrived but didn’t say where they are,’ admitted Natalie. ‘I’ll get out your old clothes for the girl, and he’s ordered rooms prepared in the old wing.’
‘I thought we could use the old laundry? Remember when I slipped in the pigsty Maran, you used the copper to bathe me. Pola, can you light the furnace and get help with getting water there?’ Pola curtsied and left. ‘It’s close to a kiln so we can burn her clothes and hair.’
‘I’ll organise that,’ said Kena, ‘is she so bad we must cut her hair off completely?’
‘Worse, so Suena I don’t want you to see this, carry on with your sewing. But first, find as much soap and cleansing herbs as you can and the strongest disinfectant we make.’
Suena looked at her mother for guidance, ‘In the large cupboard, the big green bottle you hate the smell of,’ said Natalie, ‘there’s more in the store.’
‘I need old clothes too; I can’t wash the girl in these.’
‘We’ll do it; it’s not a job for a queen.’ Natalie rolled her eyes.
‘She knows me so you’ll need my help. I want that girl out of her cage.’ Salbeath said her eyes flashing

Suena came back with the plain woollen dress Salbeath used when she helped at harvest or taking alms to the poor. It brought back both pleasant and unpleasant memories, which lingered until dismissed. So much emotion, she had to stop reminiscing or drown in them.
‘Perfect Suena, help me dress?’
‘Lady, you are shaking,’ Salbeath wasn’t surprised Suena couldn’t call her by her name and afraid of censure over highness or majesty, lady was perfect.
‘I’m fine Suena, it’s a shock. Too many prisoners are treated like this. But I don’t think a royal princess was ever imprisoned in a cage. Princess or peasant why should it make any difference, we all have feelings.’ The dress was familiar and comfortable. Suena helped her wrap up her hair in an old scarf. ‘Now I don’t look like a queen.’
‘Yes you do,’ said Suena, unwittingly.
‘Not the answer I wanted,’ said Salbeath grimly. ‘Have you found a dress for Cara?’
‘I have Lady.’
‘Good, thank you, I’ll take it with me.’
‘I can take it, I’m not a child.’
‘No, you are not,’ agreed Salbeath, ‘but I’d rather you didn’t see this.’
‘I don’t care ‒ I’m coming with you.’
Salbeath liked her spirit. ‘What would your mother say if she heard you arguing with me? You can help but don’t blame me if you have trouble sleeping for a while.’

They were ready to attend to Cara. This part of the castle was ancient but the old laundry was in good working order.  Afterwards, Cara and Cele would be imprisoned in the mostly unused rooms upstairs. The battered copper washtub was big enough for a bath, much like the ones in Tsocathlan. Like Salbeath, the other dressed in their old clothes. Pola organised servants from their normal duties to carry water to the laundry.
Furla the nurse and herbalist joined them, a grandmother now she still moved as spritely as ever. ‘She’ll fight us Highness and her hair will have to go,’ she said firmly.
‘I realise that Furla, thank you for helping. She had such beautiful golden tresses,’ Salbeath’s eyes smarted.
They heard unhuman squeals of terror; two guards dragged Cara into the room. The women didn’t move at first but stood silent, in shock. What was that mewing bundle of rags lying on the floor?
‘Get out,’ Salbeath said to the men who looked as if they intended to stay. ‘Get out now!’
‘Your Majesty she’s uncontrollable,’ one said looking uncomfortable.
‘There are enough of us here, get out.’ These men might have raped Cara and Cele too. They withdrew.

Furla used to dealing with the sick and injured moved first. The others helped take off the filthy rags and put them into a bucket for burning. Pola handed it to someone outside, who hurried away holding the bucket well away from his body. Cara gained inhuman strength, struggled, arms and legs flailed and kicked. She struck out as the others grimly held on and got her into the bath. The floor was awash with water, there was a primitive drain at one side that took the water away to run down the outside wall.
‘Keep a tight hold,’ instructed Furla, we need to get rid of her hair.’ She had several pairs of scissors on the wooden draining bench and took the larger ones first. She cut off the head hair, expertly avoiding the arms that would suddenly escape from the tight hold of Kena, and Natalie.
The water was filthy. ‘We need to change the water,’ said Salbeath opening the large wooden plug situated over the drain. It needed a strong pull. Cara screamed again.
‘We need to risk an opiate,’ said a red-faced Maran, ‘she’s getting too bruised and scratched, not to mention us, and I can’t stand that noise.’
‘I agree,’ said Furla.
‘I should’ve thought of that,’ agreed Salbeath. ‘Suena, can you get Maran’s medicine chest?’
‘The small green wooden one,’ suggested Maran.
Suena ran out glad to get away for a moment. Salbeath was right; she had never seen such awful cruelty. She came back carrying the small box and handed it to Maran.
‘I thought Valpin, do you agree, Furla?’ asked Maran.
‘I do, but do you have a long nozzle? It’s the only way we’ll get her to swallow it.’
Maran brought out the nozzle and then the small bottle of Valpin. Cara fought like a cornered wildcat but they got enough down her throat. After a few minutes, she went quiet.
Before they refilled the bath again, they shaved her head and cut her body hair and nails. She was still encrusted with dirt and the women scrubbed her with grainy soap changing the water in the improvised bath as best they could. It took several more changes of water before they had most of the filth removed. Poor Cara was red skinned not only with the abrasive soap but also with the strong herbal disinfectants they’d used. 
‘What happened to her face?’ asked Maran.
‘I’d say she did it herself,’ said Furla astutely. ‘Mad ones often tear at their own flesh.’
‘Such a shame,’ said Salbeath, ‘she was once beautiful, lovely, but foolish.’
‘Learn from this,’ said Natalie sharply, looking at her daughter.
Salbeath tried not to but she discerned Natalie’s true words. She wasn’t surprised, Suena was young and still easily influenced, and Halent was very handsome. Suena loved Halent and her mother was terrified for her. Salbeath’s eyes met those of Natalie ‒ she was close to tears. 

Cara didn’t protest as they dried her and put her in Salbeath’s old gown. It was much too big; Cara was skin and bone. Now she was clean and her hair gone, her face looked even worse, the cuts were infected. Furla and Maran spread ointment on the open sores on her body.
‘We can’t leave her alone,’ suggested Kena, ‘once the drug wears off she’ll be in a frightful state. I think we should continue with the Valpin.’
‘Yes,’ Salbeath agreed, ‘and someone needs to be with her.’
‘Might I suggest we tie her hands to the bed with bandages until she recovers,’ suggested Furla, ‘she may try to hurt herself again and she’ll want to scratch.’
‘Whatever you and the others think,’ agreed Salbeath. ‘Kena, let’s see if the room allocated will do for her?’
‘Your Highness, I doubt she’ll get better if that’s what you are hoping?’ Furla was used to treating madness.
‘I was, but I see now I might be over-optimistic.’
‘She should improve with decent food and care.’
‘But not completely?’ Salbeath was angry and getting angrier.
‘I doubt that Your Highness, I mean Majesty,’ corrected Furla.
‘Lady will do,’ snapped Salbeath, ‘sorry Furla, but I don’t feel much like a Queen of Ranal, and not the old Princess Salbeath either,’ she softened her tone. ‘I didn’t mean to snap. I’m going to find Halent. Kena, would you look at the room and think about how we might contain her?’

Natalie ran out after her. ‘Salbeath?’ Salbeath stopped and waited. ‘You’ve guessed about Suena? I’m frightened for her ‒ she thinks he’s the most handsome man she has ever seen, and if he asked her she’d do anything.’
‘Cara was a great beauty Natalie and he didn’t want her either, take heart from that. Does he speak to her?’
‘No, but he smiles. I’m hoping because he’s pleased with the work she does on your gowns. I’m sick with worry, until now she was a sensible girl.’
‘I’ll look out for her Natalie.’
‘That poor child in there,’ Natalie had tears in her eyes, but Salbeath knew those teardrops were for her own daughter and not just the pathetic stranger.

Salbeath tried to calm her emotions as she strode to what had been her father’s rooms; she knew Halent expected her. The guard opened the door. Her mother’s portrait still hung in the same place, but the rest of the room was unrecognisable. It had been transformed with marble walls and gold leaf, the change fuelled her anger.
Halent smiled and stood up. ‘My dear, I hardly recognised you. You look like a burgher’s wife who has fallen into her washtub.’
‘Burgher’s wives don’t do their own washing,’ she snapped.
‘I stand corrected, you are angry my love?’ his soft voice irritated her even more.
‘I am passed angry you monster.’ One moment he was behind his desk the next in front of her. ‘Stop doing that,’ Salbeath was too angry to be frightened.
‘Is it your anger that gives you confidence?’ he pulled the scarf from her head. ‘Or is it that you know I’ll never hurt you?’ she grabbed at the scarf but he was too quick and put it behind his back.
Tears of frustration came and Halent pulled her to him, she pulled away. ‘I demand you send poor Cara back to her family for care.’
‘Yes, of course.’
She’d expected an argument. ‘Her parents are good people but somehow she’s become spoilt.’
‘I won’t hurt Suena,’ said Halent, suddenly changing the conversation.
‘I hate the way you change what we are talking about trying to put me off guard. And why do you still have my mother’s portrait on the wall?’
‘Touché, now who is changing the subject? I like beauty and I remember your mother well, why not keep her picture? I’ll have it removed to your rooms.’
‘Yes. And talking of Suena are you planning more mischief?’
‘No, she fell for my handsome face. Shall I show her another form, my love?’
‘Why tell me you are a spirit? What else could you be shift-shaper?’
‘Just as your father denied their existence you didn’t believe in The Spirits either, and even after tuition with Calupina, you’re still unsure. Be sure. I can take any form I wish, a whiff of smoke, water in a stream, or disappear. This one is real enough; this is how I imagine myself.’
‘A demon spirit, no good apparition wages war and enjoys killing, destroys a silly girl and boy.’ She stood tall, looking without fear into eyes that somehow spoke of love. ‘About Cele…’ he kissed her and she responded for a moment and then pulled away in shock. ‘If I order him to be cleaned up and pretty again the guards will only have more fun. That’s up to them ‒ nothing to do with me.’
Suddenly she sat next to Halent on the ornate padded couch. She refused to be distracted.
‘It’s everything to do with you. Forbid it, everyone is terrified and no-one would dare disobey you.’ She paused. ‘You must be a Demodicus a demon who feeds off negative and cruel emotions.’ Salbeath’s eyes were wide remembering the old stories told to children to keep them in their beds at night. Her grandmother listed Demodicus as a demon from The Spirit World.’
‘Clever girl, you have been paying attention and when I’m finished you'll be the most powerful human ever.’
‘I won’t do it.’
‘You will. I’ll say just one word, Clent. If I wished I could command you become my adoring slave but I don’t want to make a zombie of you, I like you the way you are. I want you to grow not diminish. Surely a Demodicus cannot fall in love,’ he suggested. Salbeath looked away unable to reply. ‘So what do you suggest we do about Cele?’
‘We have to clean him up too.’
‘That’s not proper but I’ll allow the older ladies to supervise and you may choose the male staff to help you. Cele isn’t like the girl. I’m not convinced he didn’t enjoy the guard’s attention before he got too filthy for them.’
‘Monster.’
‘I repeat, nothing to do with me. Humans are the monsters, think on what you do to each other.’































Chapter 14


Maran, Furla, and Kena supervised the cleaning of Cele. As soon as he realised he wouldn’t be harmed he didn’t struggle and scream like his sister. He had an odd smile on his face ‒ more repulsive than Cara’s screams and whimpers.
Once he was clean and dressed in an old robe of her fathers, Salbeath visited him. He looked odd with his shaved head but still looked like Cele, albeit older.
‘Unless I’m as mad as Cara you are not a vision?’
‘No, I’m real.’
‘That means what, that you are still Princess Salbeath? Or is it Queen Salbeath? Halent doesn’t laugh at you and throw you in a cage in the dark and you don’t look ill-treated. How is my sister?’ He sounded cold.
‘She’s very sick. Halent says we can send her home and perhaps grandmother can help her?’
‘They raped both of us while we were pretty,’ he spat the words out.
‘I’m sorry, but you should’ve had the sense to stay well away from Halent,’ she snapped back. She was tired; it had been a long, emotional day.
‘When I came here it helped get what he wanted, you. He laughed when I suggested he might marry Cara. I never mentioned your name but he realised who I wanted, and said I wasn’t man enough for you. Then he left me with those rough guards. He realised what they’d do…’ Cele burst into tears but Salbeath didn’t move closer to offer him comfort.
‘There’ll be a guard outside if you need anything and a servant assigned to your care. One of my old retainers, he won’t harm you.’ She stood up and asked to be let out.
‘What will happen to me?’ Cele called out.
Salbeath turned to him. ‘I’ll ask Halent if I can send you home with Cara.’
‘What welcome will I get in Tsocathlan?’
‘You can’t tell the difference between your father, grandmother, and Halent, can you? They’ll try to help you.’
A burly middle-aged man stood outside and came in at Salbeath’s invitation. ‘This is Pello, he’ll look after you.’ Cele looked at Pello’s homely features and strong physique with distaste. ‘He won’t hurt you, but the two guards outside are Halent’s men so don’t give Pello any trouble.’
‘You despise me.’
‘Yes, I do.’
Pello bowed as she left.

Pola and Maran waited for her. 
‘You’re as weary as I am, go and rest, I’ll look after myself. Would you ask someone to bring a tray, Pola?’ Salbeath asked and sat down before the fire. ‘I wish we could, your High…. Majesty … I mean Lady.’ Pola wasn’t the only one to get the titles confused.
‘You’ll get used to it Pola,’ Salbeath smiled. ‘As neither of you has moved I take it I can’t get in bed and sleep?’
‘No,’ agreed Maran. ‘He wants to see you in what he calls an appropriate dress; he says the time has come for you to start your lessons. We have a bath ready.’
‘Lessons, he must be crazy. I can barely stand. Any idea of the hour?’
‘The sun will go down in about two hours. Do you want me to check the timepiece?’
‘No, that’s close enough.’
‘For this lesson, being tired won’t affect the outcome,’ a familiar voice said. 
Pola and Maran curtsied. They hadn’t seen him enter and the door was closed. Salbeath wondered if he’d used it. 
‘Maran, I’d like your mistress to wear one of those white gowns.’ Maran curtsied again and went to the room where she kept Salbeath’s clothes. Pola stood to wait for orders.
‘I’m exhausted Halent, can’t we start tomorrow?’
‘No, this lesson is best when your power is low. Pola, help your mistress to bathe. I’ll wait here.’

She bathed and put on the sheer, white dress. She walked back into the bedroom, where Halent sat beside the fire. Her feet were bare and she wore no jewellery.
‘You may both retire,’ ordered Halent, ‘your mistress won’t need you until the morning.’

Halent stared at Salbeath for a moment. Then stood up, took hold of her hand and they were on the roof of Fiane’s tower, where he once studied the stars.
‘I suppose I’m impressed,’ she admitted.
‘Let me in Salbeath, not into your body, but this time your mind. Let me in!’
‘No!’
‘Let me in or…’ she saw Clent rolling around in agony on the floor of the inn. Fiane and Tarn knew it was a spell and tried to help him. ‘Let me in.’
Salbeath opened her mind to him and at once the darkening sky disappeared; everything was white, the sky and ground indiscernible, but she could make out vague shapes and a sense of perspective.’
‘Where am I?’
‘My world, and now yours too.’ Salbeath was terrified. Halent soothed her mind. ‘No my love you aren’t dead but in the world of The Spirits. Salbeath, have you ever wondered about this world? You can’t view it, not yet, but its glory outshines your world. One day you will see and glimpse the wondrous colours your old life can’t imagine.’
Salbeath touched herself to see if she had form. ‘Am I really here?’
‘Yes, are you still tired?’
‘No, I feel invigorated.’
‘You’re tapping into its power, when you are tired remember and you’ll find it and it will send you energy with no need to enter. Simple wasn’t it? No pouring over books that can’t remember the truth. All your power comes from here and as you learn to imprint its many layers into your mind, you’ll finally survey everything that is here.’

Then suddenly the sky of Ranal was darkening but Salbeath couldn’t feel the cold breeze or her exhaustion. They were back on Fiane’s tower; Halent took her hand and led her down the narrow, steep steps to Fiane’s old study. The walls lined with books, many ancient. Most were her mothers, brought from Tsocathlan when she married Brolan. 
‘I wasn’t allowed here,’ she remembered her father’s anger, ‘Father didn’t want me to read them. He told Fiane not to teach me.’
‘Yet he did?’
‘A little, nothing my father would notice, I was careful.’
‘And you are still curious as to what they contain?’
‘Yes.’
‘Nothing, the sum wisdom of your race is nothing. You can still use the room if you wish, but remember the truth is not here.’
Salbeath felt a great sense of peace as if her mother was here. ‘Here is ink; I want you to write letters to Clent and Fiane. Lady Natalie will deliver them tomorrow. I’ll help you write them,’ as he intended Salbeath felt relaxed and did not argue. ‘You haven’t tried to contact Calupina?’
‘To say her bowl is lying? I’m not sure what to tell her. I don’t want you listening.’ Even in her euphoric state, she was aware Halent was pleased.
‘You wanted to tell Fiane in person and hoped I wouldn’t hear you face to face? No Salbeath, write what I tell you. What choice do you have?’

Clent’s pain disappeared as quickly as it had started. Fiane knew it was Halent and not the food. He’d used his power to force Salbeath and must have succeeded or Clent would’ve died. He was worried. They’d been here for days and still no word from his niece. Halent knew they were here. The others tried to sleep but he found it hard to relax waiting for a sign from Salbeath. The news that Halent forced her to divorce Clent and marry him had given the people of Ranal hope. Clent spent his time thinking of a way to rescue her, knowing he was powerless. 

The morning was not far off when Clent got up to use the commode.
‘Have you been up all night, Fiane?’ Clent whispered.
‘So have you, let me give you something to help you sleep?’
‘You did before and I didn’t like the dreams.’ He remembered the time Salbeath left him.

The others woke up and they went for breakfast. The inn, one of the best in Ranal, was empty of guests; no stranger willingly entered this city now. They’d nearly finished their meal when a hooded woman was directed to their table. She was noble by her clothes and when she put her hood back, they saw a handsome face, with warm, brown eyes, and hair the same colour.
‘Lady Natalie,’ Fiane stood up. ‘Please My Lady, join us, sit down,’ he had hope at last. ‘Clent, this is Lady Natalie one of Salbeath’s Ladies-in-Waiting,’ he introduced Fendal too, she knew Tarn.
‘I remember you Lady Natalie,’ said Clent warmly.
‘And I do you, young man.’
‘My wife … How is she?”
‘He treats her well ‒ if she wanted the stars I’d swear he’d get them for her.’ It wasn’t what Clent wanted to hear, he lowered his eyes in pain. ‘I’m sorry Prince Clent she still loves you,’ Natalie said quietly as if Halent listened. Fiane guessed he did. ‘I have a letter for you.’ She handed Clent’s to him; he forgot his manners and snatched it. Natalie met Fiane’s eyes as she did so.
He huddled over while he read it as if he wanted none to read its contents but him. 

“My dear Clent,
This is hard for me to say, but you must go back to Tsocathlan and look after our son. He’s lost to me but he mustn’t be lost to you. Halent treats me well, and I can help my people by remaining here. He promises me a say in Ranal’s government so I must stay.
Please Clent, go to our son I beg you. Halent promises no harm will come to either of you.
Salbeath.”

No love sent? Clent crumbled the paper angrily and then ran his hands through his hair. She had dismissed him and had sent no warmth, no love, and no hope. ‘She bids me return to Tsocathlan,’ he had tears in his eyes.
‘He wrote it I’m sure of it,’ Natalie whispered.
‘As he wrote mine,’ agreed Fiane. ‘Here Clent read it,’ he offered it; picking up Clent’s discarded one.

Fiane’s letter was as full of information as his own wasn’t. It told how Halent polluted Calupina’s scry bowl to get Salbeath here, and why she had divorced Clent and married Halent. It also said, as did Clent’s letter, they should go back to Tsocathlan and take Cara and Cele with them. Cara was ill, and Natalie told them what she’d seen and heard. Fendal was pale.
‘He didn’t touch them,’ explained Natalie, ‘he only reacts if he loses his temper; otherwise, he leaves everything to others. The murder of the town burghers wasn’t his decision, he left that to his chief minister, and it was he who had them killed.’
‘Still lady,’ Fiane said astutely, ‘he has the power to stop it.’
Natalie nodded.
‘Does she love him?’ Clent had to ask the unthinkable. Tarn only thought it.
‘No sir, at least …’ Natalie paused and looked at Clent.
‘Go on,’ urged Fiane.
‘I can’t say this …’ She struggled to explain and looked at Clent with pity. ‘Last night, I went to Salbeath to see if she needed help as I always do. I’m often last to bed,’ she explained. ‘Salbeath was different. Halent kissed her and she smiled, when before her face looked indifferent…’ Clent got up and stumbled outside and Fendal followed him.
‘Go on,’ urged Fiane, ‘there’s nothing we can do for Clent for now.’
‘She wanted him; I saw it in her eyes. She told me to go to bed, and as I closed the door, he had her dress around her waist and she was enjoying his touch. That’s not the Salbeath who came back just a few days ago. Prince Fiane, I’m frightened for her.’
‘She’s strong Lady Natalie.’ Fiane tried to keep the worry from his voice.
‘Aye, but he’s stronger and the lust he has for her, it’s not natural.’
‘Did you expect it to be?’ Fiane handed a silent Tarn his letter from Salbeath. ‘Read this Tarn, you are to stay as her acolyte.’
‘And watch him with her? I can’t!’
‘You must try to keep her focused on why she’s here. Is there any chance I might talk to her?’
‘He won’t let her leave the castle grounds. Young man,’ she looked at Tarn, ‘you must stay, she needs another friend and you’ve been close all your lives.’ Tarn looked haunted but nodded, why would this be worse than Clent? ‘As for the rest of you, he’ll give you horses and supplies. It won’t be easy; the girl is quite mad and in poor health.’
‘So Salbeath writes. We’ll go back, we must,’ Fiane sounded weary. He had a great deal to tell his sister, and it wouldn’t be pleasant. ‘Tarn, you’ll have the hardest task.’ Tarn remained silent, his emotions confused.
‘Sir, her husband, by that I mean Prince Clent, what will he do? The safe conduct is only for leaving.’ Natalie looked worried.
‘Yes, his pain makes us suffer too. If I have to, then I’ll compel him. Tell Halent we accept his terms.’

Clent was put to sleep and tied to his horse. Cara alternated between screaming hysteria and silent vacant stares. Cele too appeared to be in his own world, but Fiane knew that was for Cele’s convenience, sometimes he noticed the old cunning in his eyes. They would need their wits on the journey back to Tsocathlan. As they left Ranal, Fiane looked back wondering if Salbeath realised they were leaving.  Still no word from her, he felt despair as he turned his eyes back to the road.
























Chapter 15


Tarn’s heart pounded as he followed a servant to Fiane’s old room, now his. He was surprised to see Salbeath there to welcome him. She looked so beautiful he wanted to fling himself at her feet and beg for her love. Her dress showed more than he’d seen since they used to go swimming in the river together. She smiled but made no move to greet him, for behind stood Halent.
He broke the emotive silence. ‘The stable boy Tarn, I remember you well.’
I’m dead, thought Tarn; he remembers when I hid her.
‘I thought to reunite two old friends. Salbeath needs a companion on her voyage to knowledge and you’re the only one suitable,’ he whispered. It was a threat. Tarn nodded. Halent laughed and stood next to Salbeath cupping her breast. Tarn closed his eyes.
Isn’t she lovely? Halent’s voice echoed in his mind. He opened his eyes to see Salbeath’s dress half off, and Halent caressing her now naked breasts. Salbeath’s eyes closed as if in ecstasy. My punishment thought Tarn.
Now she is mine, and you see how much she wants me. Halent’s voice echoed in Tarn’s mind.
But she smiled when he reopened his eyes. ‘Tarn my best friend, I’m so glad you’re here. I’ll be studying upstairs and we can work at the same time.’
They were no longer the children who had played together. Tarn smiled, but his heart was cold as ice and as heavy as if it threatened to pull him to the floor. Natalie spoke the truth, Salbeath had changed, and he’d no power to bring her back.

However, away from Halent’s presence, he saw the Salbeath of old emerge. They spent time together pouring over the old books. Tarn avoided any physical contact. Halent appeared at odd times and took Salbeath onto the roof. Only for a short time, but afterwards, she appeared startled as if she’d woken from a wonderful dream. Today they’d laughed over a ridiculous book and she’d put her hand on his arm. He’d flinched and she pulled away as if he’d burned her.
‘What happens on the roof Salbeath?’
She looked at him with an odd expression. ‘I’m not sure, I enter his real world, and he teaches me simple things. How to feed on its energies instead of food, how to sleep without sleep, that’s not in these books.’
‘Like him?’
‘No, I’m still me.’
‘Are you? Then why have you given in, why forget your son and your true husband?’
She lowered her head and Tarn understood her pain. ‘I haven’t forgotten them. He says he will take you there too. It is ultimate power and we come out our true selves.’
‘What is your true self, Salbeath?’ Tarn insisted. She refused to answer and shook her head. ‘Tell me Salbeath?’
‘I’m made for pleasure,’ she said in a whisper and looked away as if ashamed.
‘You are much more than that, much more. Any whore in a whorehouse is made for pleasure and you are Salbeath Queen of Ranal, and wonderful.’
‘I appreciate who I am and what you want from me,’ her eyes were sad and regretful, ‘and you’re wrong I’ve not given up my fight.’

Then Halent materialised. That was disconcerting enough, but worse he always touched Salbeath as if taunting Tarn. ‘Are you curious where we go boy? Then come with us,’ Tarn hated his all-knowing smile. ‘Tonight you’ll join us and have your first lesson. Forget what your first master taught, it’s meaningless. Come,’ he took hold of Salbeath’s hand, and with her other she reached for Tarn.

It should have still been daylight but it was dark as if night. The sky cloudless, the stars shone covering the sky with faint pricks of light, a cool wind blew. Then everything changed and they stood in a white nothingness, but if he stared hard enough Tarn made out the vague outlines of terrifying shapes. He looked at Salbeath, she smiled, showing Halent communicated with her. Tarn experienced increasing terror as the shapes came closer.
Halent was in his mind. Here is power Tarn, let it fill your mind. Why not? You want Salbeath; she’s everything you’ve ever wanted. That’s why you’re not a good wizard. You hunger for her and not knowledge. And you can never have her, can you?
No, Tarn agreed, where are we?
Your nightmare Tarn, Salbeath’s heaven and your hell, prepare to burn.
Tarn experienced such intense pain in the hand Salbeath held that he pulled away from her grasp and screamed. Salbeath appeared unaware of his pain. His hand was in flames, he fell to his knees.
Then they were back on the roof, his hand was whole and unmarked, the pain gone but not the memory.
‘Well Tarn, what did that teach you?’ Halent asked.
He’d learned something despite the horrible experience, he had his own power. But the pain in his heart was intense as if it’d break. His first and best friend was still unaware of his suffering.
He was alone suddenly. He climbed up the stairs to the roof frightened of what he might find there. Nothing, it was late afternoon and cloudy.
He reached out to his old master, Fiane, I can’t do this.
Fiane answered. You must keep her safe.

It took two weeks to get back to Tsocathlan and by that time Fiane and Fendal were exhausted. Fiane had woken Clent a few days away from Ranal. After a day of severe depression, he could function again and help look after Cara and Cele. He was too quiet and Fiane perceived his pain. Like Clent, he worried Halent might turn Salbeath against them. He saw Cara scrabbling on all fours; she tried to crawl away if left unattended. She’d screamed as they approached the narrow cleft that led into Tsocathlan. Help was coming, the cleft opened. Clent and Fendal brought a struggling Cara back to the horses.
Cele looked at her with distaste. He was grey with fatigue. ‘Oh shut up, Cara.’
‘You could help us, Cele,’ said his brother, fed up with them.
Clent was still withdrawn, a man having one long nightmare. They needed his help with the men coming to join the army. His people would die fighting for him, not Tsocathlan. However, his mind was full of the possibility that Salbeath no longer loved him and Halent had taken her love.

Fiane showed his sister the letters from Salbeath as soon as they were alone. 
Calupina first wept and then moaned.  ‘Sister hush, your life is not a sham,’ he heard her desperate thoughts. ‘Your skills are your own and they are real. This is possible; it’s rare and takes great power. Halent hasn’t always manipulated you.’
It took an effort for Calupina to pull herself together but she calmed.
‘I was arrogant, Fiane. Arrogant in my power, and what I thought was wisdom I built over a long life. I believed myself the greatest amongst the adepts. Fiane, why hasn’t Salbeath contacted me?’
‘Perhaps she believes it unwise. Sister, your power is many times mine, and you’ve passed those powers onto your grand-daughter though Basila, who sacrificed her skills by marriage to Brolan.’
‘Have I power, or am I Halent’s manipulation? And Salbeath?’
‘Her talent is real.’
‘Poor Salbeath, I sent her to him,’ Calupina looked her age, her grief profound.
‘I still believe she’ll be the one to save us.’
‘We are both foolish brother.’
‘Calupina, you must believe in your powers.’

They’d been back in Tsocathlan for a week and Clent, still unresponsive, stayed in his room grieving. Solt elected to get him back on course. When he entered Clent’s rooms he noticed Salbeath’s letter on the table, it had been unfolded and pressed flat.
‘Clent, you can’t stay here locked away refusing to see anyone. Sera tells me you haven’t seen your son.’
‘You read the letter?’ Solt nodded, ‘Then you are aware I’ve lost my wife and I can’t think as I did.’
‘If I lost mine I’d go mad with grief, she’s everything. My mother lacked the spontaneity of warmth that my dear Suranbe possesses in abundance,’ he pointed to the note. ‘This isn’t Salbeath, he wrote this.’
‘Her lady said…’ Clent couldn’t finish.
‘Salbeath wants you to do your duty until she returns.’ Clent sobbed. ‘I’ll come back in an hour, and we’ll ride to the southern fortress to your men there, but see to your son first.’

The old lady Talthra took Cara and cared for her. Calupina had her own worries and Cara was frightened of her grandmother. Talthra realised long ago Cara had neither wit nor wisdom, and she’d always feared she’d do something stupid, but this was worse than she imagined. Suranbe spent time with her daughter. She stopped screaming and sensed she was safe, but all she did was stare into space.

As for Cele, Solt was unsure what to do. His son was more arrogant than ever and just as proud, and something Solt hadn’t noticed before, a sense of real evil in his unmasked eyes. This wasn’t the same Cele of old. Solt wasn’t the only family member to wonder if Halent still used him. He and Fendal locked him away in an unused part of the castle under strict guard. It would be safer to kill him, but that’d break Suranbe’s heart. If they kept him away from everyone, there was less chance of him making mischief.
On the surface, Clent seemed his old self. Refugees finding their way to Tsocathlan, to swell the army helped him recall his duties.

Not long after they returned to Tsocathlan they received a visit from a Prince of Plenth. At first, he asked for provisions for his men, but the talk came around to an alliance between the two powers.
Prince Um Blat wasn’t as dark skinned as the tales indicated. True his hair and eyes were black, with skin colour the same as a man who might toil the year in the fields. He dressed as expected in very costly fabrics, and wore gold and gems. He was a head shorter than the people of the East, but the Plenth were known as excellent horsemen and warriors.

Clent, as Co-Major-General with Solt, wasn’t convinced he was trustworthy, why would Um Blat promise an army to help. ‘Why do you want to help us?’
Um Blat smiled, showing perfect, white teeth. ‘We know Halent’s spies, they’re everywhere in Plenth. We catch some and they say nothing even when tortured, so great is the fear of their lord. They die for their corrupt king no matter how we try their flesh. My father, King Bal Inat is an astute man and believes Halent is casting greedy eyes our way. Our spies say he’s rebuilding his army in the far kingdom.’
‘Once called Blackharn?’ asked Clent.
Solt interrupted, ‘Our spies tell us the same, is that army for Tsocathlan or Plenth?’
‘Halent’s wife is from both Ranal and Tsocathlan. We are aware he promises not to harm her family, and if he tells the truth then he’s preparing to invade Plenth.’

‘Well, Clent?’ asked Solt when Um Blat left.
‘We can’t trust Halent’s word or know what his intentions are. If Plenth worries, then use those fears. Extra men will help, as will those supplies they promised. There wasn’t a full harvest this year, and we’ve still people arriving to join the army, many with their families.’
‘The Plenth have a bad record with trust.’
‘Then we must be careful we don’t accept too much help.’
Solt was pleased with Clent’s reasoning.

Tarn hadn’t been invited to the roof again. Whenever she was with Halent, Salbeath seemed miles away. More so when she’d been to the other world, and as anxious as Halent to be bedded. Tarn’s heartbreak was a pleasure to his tormentor. Salbeath’s provocative clothes taunted his body with the lust she felt for Halent. There were good times too when his Salbeath reappeared, whenever Halent was elsewhere.
This was such a time. She understood what many of the books contained without reading them, even the difficult passages, about which scholars still argued.
‘What are you looking for?’ Tarn asked intrigued
‘Something ‒ anything to help us defeat Halent. He says there’s nothing here but I must be sure and look.’
‘You are informed as to what’s in the book without opening it?’
‘Odd isn’t it, must be those visits to the other world? I feel close to my mother too but perhaps that is because most of these books were hers. Tarn don’t look so scared. He can hear us, and he doesn’t care. Although my father loved my mother, he’d no love for witches. Fiane said whenever she could; she’d come here and study. When she died, these books were to be mine, but father refused. Therefore, Fiane taught simple things and to silently communicate, just enough to be useful ‒ but no more in case my father sent him away. Tarn, you’re unhappy. I’m sorry; I didn’t expect he’d make you stay.’
‘What’s he like….’
‘You mean in bed? I’m not an expert; unlike you … You slept with all the pretty girls.’
‘Not all ‒ and only because I couldn’t sleep with you.’
‘We were friends for many years but never as open with each other as now.’
‘You never told me what I said to you that one time I got drunk, the night Fiane told me he’d take me on as an apprentice?’
‘Tarn you were very drunk,’ Salbeath said looking serious. ‘You told me you loved me, and if you became a wizard you’d be my equal, and worthy enough to marry me if I’d wait. Then you rambled on about being together, and you’d work hard to gain your qualifications. But if not, then you’d wait until I was a widow. Then we’d live happily ever after. If my father heard you, he’d have had you executed. I told Fiane and he told me not to mention it to anyone else.’
‘If Fiane hadn’t told you that would you have told your father?’
‘No, I love you Tarn,’ she detected the hope in his eyes die, as she added. ‘Like my brother Pen and more than Talt who is dearer now he’s dead. I wish he were here for me to scold about his bad behaviour. I haven’t grieved for them as I should. Tarn, I realise this isn’t easy, I’m sorry you find my presence such a trial.’
‘I coped for years, didn’t I? I can cope now but I hate it when he touches you and he does it to hurt me. He undresses you so I can see what I shouldn’t and what I cannot have.’ she reached over for his hand to comfort him and Halent appeared.
‘How charming,’ he said as Salbeath withdrew her hand. My dear, have you forgotten the meeting with the city burghers?’
‘No, I haven’t’
‘Come, I’ll escort you. Tarn you stay here,’ he said with a threat in his voice. Salbeath and Tarn understood every nuance.
Halent took her arm. ‘Such a handsome young man, the ladies eyes follow him but he only wants you, and how he hates me.’
‘That must make you very happy,’ said Salbeath.
‘How well you understand me, my queen.’

Twelve terrified but brave men asked for an audience with Salbeath. She entered alone.
They begged Salbeath for law in the streets saying that Halent’s soldiers got bolder. They stole not only produce, but wives, and daughters, and even young men. No-one was safe. When they first arrived they obeyed the laws but there had been a change in policy. Salbeath understood that Halent needed more power. He watched from the shadows as Salbeath listened. She was angry but controlled and glanced in Halent’s direction as she replied.
‘The king has agreed, that as Queen of Ranal I may rule over my city,’ it wasn’t true and a challenge, but Halent did not disagree. ‘The old law keepers have disappeared fled in fear or murdered. They are elected by you so give me names of men willing to serve and I will commission them.’
They looked uncomfortable, and the man Landson elected to speak, said, ‘No-one is willing Your Majesty.’
‘Then I must find some willing, as my husband’s soldiers are not enforcers but lawbreakers. Gold always helps, and there’s little left in Ranal.’ Salbeath understood the reluctance.
‘There’s more your majesty,’ said Landson. ‘Gold would help but isn’t enough, they need safety to work and an enforced law to punish wrongdoers.’
‘They will get them. I appoint you Landson as Sheriff. Tell me what you need and I’ll get it for you.’
Halent stepped out from the shadows; everyone looked frightened and bowed. He waved them out before addressing Salbeath. ‘You will make yourself very unpopular with our soldiers.’
‘Your soldiers ‒ not mine, and I didn’t ask you to dismiss them. How can I govern if you keep interfering? Strange how your soldiers now lack discipline when once you were stricter with them.’
‘I enjoyed their fear but now I have Tarn. Do you as you see fit but where will you get your gold?’
‘From you, the palace is full of it. We can make coins out of the ugliest decorations. This is still my city Halent, although you and your men defile it. You need to punish your soldiers for wicked acts.’
Halent laughed, ‘I chose the perfect wife and queen, even as a delightful child you showed what you’d become.’

He took her to bed, and although she wished it otherwise; she wanted him as much as he wanted her. Afterwards, he fed her her favourite kalaberries in jelly. They stained her lips and she removed it with a cloth dipped in white wine, she looked into the mirror in her dressing room as she did so. She’d never bothered much with her appearance and not glanced in the fine glass mirror he’d given her. Her reflection was much clearer than in the old beaten silver ones, she gasped shocked at what she saw.
‘Beautiful no longer describes you. How lovely you are. Even before you visited my world you were beyond any other human woman, am I not even finer than your friend Tarn? My world does that.’
‘No, I don’t want this.’
‘Too late, it pulls you in deeper and deeper. One day your beauty will hurt ordinary men’s eyes with its perfection.’
‘Stop this.’
‘It will still be your face.’
Salbeath’s stomach contracted. ‘Yes, my love it prolongs life. Haven’t I given you a great gift ‒ never to grow old and ugly?’
‘I’ll stop this,’ she imagined Clent’s face moving away as if time would separate them. ‘I refuse to go back.’
‘It’s too late, Salbeath.’
It was true; every time she visited, she saw more of the garden.
‘Soon you’ll no longer want Clent or Tarn, only me. I’m giving Tarn the same gift as a punishment, eternal life. So he can suffer as he watches you and me together for always. Look Salbeath ‒ look at your face is it any wonder Tarn wants you so much. You’re just as beautiful as when I found you in the stable. When that meddling boy thought he’d hide you. I was aware of where you hid, but I wanted your father to give you to me and your brother came to see his horse. I’d have taken you if not for him, and if your father agreed he’d still be King of Ranal.’
‘Liar, you wanted all the Six Kingdoms and you’d have found an excuse to kill my family. You want the royal families dead.’
‘How well you understand me my love, but did I pursue the boy Clent? That would uphold your theory. I could have destroyed him and his people but I wanted you to meet him before I killed him.’
‘That didn’t work out as planned.’
‘No, I was too busy making sure of Ranal. Thinking an able general would find a few sad refugees, one old wizard, and an untrained girl. I was distracted or I’d have come myself.’
‘Your first mistake,’ Salbeath didn’t add and not your last, ‘your powers have limitations and I’ll find them.’
He didn’t answer but kissed her and Salbeath responded.























Chapter 16


Salbeath realised he had limits to his power. Was he recharging his might in The Spirit World? Was he depleted after the battle with her father, the real reason she escaped, and why was she free of his influence when away from him?
She found the book. ‘I’ve found something Tarn, listen. Spirits exist in all times at once ‒ at least the Great Spirits do. There are Lesser Spirits too, and we have a part to play for when we die our memories live on there.’ The book was ancient and written in a language Tarn hadn’t seen before, and yet Salbeath read it easily. ‘I think Halent must be a Lesser Spirit not a great one.’
Halent appeared before she got any further. ‘Clever girl.’
Tarn backed away but Salbeath stood up to him. ‘I told you I’d find something no matter how small. You are a Spirit but a lesser one. Great Spirits don’t usually manifest in physical form away from The Spirit World.’
‘Yes,’ Halent admitted, ‘I was once human. So long ago that my people had no homes and simple tools, clothing was a skin tied around the body by the leg part of the animal. I fell into The Spirit World by accident while under the influence of a hallucinatory leaf. It took a long time to escape and by then my people had scattered to the winds. I was alone, cold and hungry. So I returned. I stayed there only venturing out when curious as to the changes in my old world. I found greater control and that I could take the power of my new home with me.’
‘One-day Halent, I’ll have powers as you have, and as I started greater than you then I’ll become greater too.’
‘Perhaps, but not for a long time, by then everything will be dust. Clent and your precious Brolan too, and all you’ll have left is me, and we mustn’t forget Tarn. I must explain that the other world changes you. One day it won’t matter to you that failing crops lead to starvation, or the innocent die in wars, or that great, old castles fall into ruins. Defeating me will be of no importance. Your anger threatens to explode so furiously, and worse you have just realised something else…’
‘We can have children?’ She sounded defeated.
‘Yes, your herbs don’t prevent it and soon you will bear my child. If you don’t destroy me soon, that wish will vanish too. As yet you don’t have the power.’ He looked at Tarn. ‘Now stable boy, your education starts.’

Salbeath was alone waiting for their return. Time measured in a different way there, and they were quickly back. Tarn lay on the floor writhing in agony.
‘You monster,’ Salbeath screamed, kneeling to help him, ‘what did you do to him? You don’t give me pain?’ Her voice was desperate but Tarn recovered.
‘Pain is his way in that world as yours is pleasure. It’s what you take in with you and nothing to do with me.’
‘You are a Demodicus it does,’ she reasoned.
‘You take it with you. I had nothing and when I first returned and saw the changes, I wanted castles, clothes and cooked food. Desire made me want it all.’
‘How long have you lived there?’
‘I’ve no idea. Many times, I pretended to be human and live a human life. I never wanted to take anyone back with me until you. As soon as I sensed your mind I wanted you as my one true wife, my first, and last and we’d bear others like us.’
‘I won’t leave my world and my family and friends to go into that world with you Halent, or whoever you are?’
‘That’s my pain,’ Halent’s handsome face contorted for a moment, ‘knowing in bed you want me and out of it, you despise me. But soon you will be mine in the world of the dead.’
‘Believe me Halent, I’ll find a way to trap you in that world. If you hurt anyone I love I’ll kill myself, and if I’m correct that will make me a wraith and I’ll haunt you forever. You won’t be able to touch me, but I’ll make your need for me unbearable.’ Salbeath wasn’t sure of her premise, but from Halent’s expression of fear, she realised she’d guessed correctly.
His expression changed, ‘And this comes from a woman once convinced The Spirit World was a story for frightening children?’
‘I still listened to the stories Halent and I will trap you there. My grandmother is right, even though you controlled her, that will be my destiny.’

Tarn hardly breathed, terrified of Halent's reaction to Salbeath’s proud stand. But Halent smiled and touched her face with gentleness. ‘Your passion fuels my lust Salbeath. I thrive on your fierce conviction. Try to defeat me and your emotional journey will only feed me.’
Then they disappeared. Tarn sat on the floor, his legs weak, still shook.  He sat and brushed away tears of frustration and anger.

A few hours later, he’d recovered, and to keep himself busy he tried to decipher the book. There was a knock at the door.
‘It’s me,’ Salbeath whispered. ‘Are you all right?’
‘Yes, I soon recover and you?’
‘Tired, the more I taunt him the stronger he gets and the stronger his lusts. I’m so sorry Tarn.’
‘I’ll always be the meddling stable boy; he just took his time paying me back. There’s some of Fiane’s tea left, it’s still fresh.’
‘Thank you,’ she sat in the only comfortable chair and laid her head back, while Tarn lit the kettle to make the tea.
Tarn watched as she sipped at it, trying to keep his eyes from straying to the sight of her breasts under the thin, sheer material. He understood Halent’s want; she was lovely and so alive. He’d made love to many women, even noble ladies wanted to bed the handsome boy, but he’d always imagined they were Salbeath.
Salbeath heard his unguarded thoughts. ‘I’m sorry Tarn but he’d kill you in the worst way he’d imagine. I want you to hold me as a man holds a woman and comfort me. In Clent’s absence you’d be my choice,’ the light faded from his eyes. ‘We can’t. Halent is enjoying the emotions I stir in you. You understand what a Demodicus does; it feeds off strong emotions, the stronger the better. As it does your love for me, and the frustration you can’t have me when at last I admit what I’ve been trying to ignore for so long, that I care deeply for you.’
‘I’ve always known how you felt, but it couldn’t be enough, I’m not born into your social status.
‘Dear friend, I’ll defeat him and send him back. I’m descended from a thousand generations of wizards, witches, warriors and kings - I’m bred to defeat him. He was a poor primitive creature before he fell into The Spirit World, a man-animal without clothes, save for skins. He’d have taken a long time to learn to use the powers, but I understand more from my lessons. I can read a book in a language long dead. How, I believe my ancestors guide me, here and in that other world? There’s more to taking Tsocathlan than he says and he makes excuses for letting me escape and marry Clent. Why let it happen, why not find me and take me if he’s that powerful. Don’t you agree?’
‘No, he interfered with your grandmother’s scry bowl.’
‘Are we sure he did what he said? Listening Halent? I believe he knows what is happening in Tsocathlan, that’s a basic power. As yet you can only mentally reach Fiane or I. With enough training unless a more powerful person blocks you, you will reach anyone, anywhere.’
Tarn looked at her his eyes full of love.

Halent enjoyed and hated her love for Tarn and his for her. He knew how hard she worked to defeat him and how close she was to the truth, and yet he did nothing to stop her. As yet she hadn’t found the way into the other world on her own. One day she would and what then? True she lusted after him, and yet love didn’t come with it as he’d imagined. She continued her old relationship with Tarn who was happy knowing she loved him, even though she’d never betray Clent. That annoyed Halent too. She wouldn’t sleep with her old friend because of Clent, not him. She reacted well to his caresses but it wasn’t enough.

He took it out on Tarn taking him into The Spirit World to give him lessons, but it was torture. Halent gave him pain and overwhelming terror. Then he’d take him back to Salbeath, who’d comfort him and give him tea. Halent saw she wasn’t afraid and this drove her closer to Tarn and not to him.
Tarn’s “lessons” stopped and Salbeath went with him instead. She saw the world as an endless garden. He’d walk with her as she marvelled at everything around her. She wondered why he didn’t make love to her here but waited until they returned?















Chapter 17


Clent pretended he didn’t want to hear what was happening in Ranal but avidly listened to the news. It caused him pain when he heard Halent and Salbeath ruled together. He put his energies into training the new army. Although many women wanted to take away the pain in his eyes by taking him to their bed, he only wanted Salbeath.
In Tsocathlan, the armies continued to grow. Plenth kept its word and sent caravans of grain and other foodstuffs to help feed the growing population as they too prepared for war. They heard Halent never left Ranal to watch how his armies progressed, happy to stay with his queen. Spies from both Plenth and Tsocathlan said she’d changed him. Ranal was happier under her rule. There was law again and she sat every day for three hours as her father had, listened to her people’s problems, and tried to solve them.

Solt was now the official King of Tsocathlan. Calupina abdicated soon after Fiane returned. Cele still wanted his father’s crown but few listened as he whispered poison, and he became withdrawn, bitter, and reclusive. Cara accepted the loss of her beauty and status, and under Talthra’s tutelage learned the ways of the healers. Calupina watched, happy she’d escaped evil. She worried about her other granddaughter, as she hadn’t heard from Salbeath. She’d lost confidence in her scry bowl since Halent polluted it, and although Fiane urged her to try again she refused. Her present state of mind meant that he stayed in Tsocathlan instead of returning to his wanderings.
It was Fiane, who sensed Salbeath tried to contact them; he looked into his bowl and saw her face. ‘Uncle Fiane, where is grandmother?’
‘She hasn’t touched her bowl since I arrived. Wait, I’ll get her.’ He mind-called his sister, urging her to come.
Calupina moved as a young woman and ran to Fiane’s rooms. ‘Salbeath!’
‘Grandmother, sorry it took so long I had to be sure. Halent didn’t pollute your bowl. It’s been a hard year, he knows everything I do, say, and think,’ she frowned. How is my son, and…’ she almost said, my dear husband.
Calupina wasn’t convinced, this might be a trick of Halents, but she answered. 
‘Both well Salbeath, although Clent misses you. Your son grows strong and is well.’
Salbeath frowned again. ‘Halent’s coming. I’ll try to persuade him to let me contact you again.’ The water rippled and she was gone.
‘I wondered when you’d make contact?’ Halent stood behind her, the water, still again, reflected their faces, and he kissed her neck. ‘Why wait so long?’
‘I wanted to be sure you lied about grandmother’s bowl.’ 
‘Did I?’
‘Yes.’ 
‘So sure, and with no proof?’
‘Why, to make us believe you’re more powerful than you are. You’re all smoke.’
‘Am I? I suppose you want to contact your grandmother often?’
‘What do you want?’
‘I love you Salbeath and I want a son. You are using witch skills to stop conceiving. I ask you to stop.’
‘No, what might we create? What about your other wives, where are those children?’
‘I have none ‒ I didn’t wish it.’
‘Or couldn’t, or wouldn’t, perhaps they’d threaten your powers?’
‘I ask you for little, Salbeath. You miss Brolan; another son will help your pain.’
‘A son, what if I can’t choose the sex of my child, what if it’s a girl?’
‘If you do as I ask it will be a boy, and if not then we can try again, we have time Salbeath. Do you want me to beg, I will. If you promise, I’ll never again influence your grandmother’s bowl.’ Salbeath doubted her earlier premise. ‘You may contact any member of your family as often as you wish.’ He kissed her, using her desire to make her more amenable, she saw Ranal in flames in his mind, and she pulled away.’
‘You’ll destroy Ranal if I refuse?’
‘And kill Tarn. I should, his love for you is stronger than I imagined. Since you were a girl you wondered how he’d feel between your legs, long before you married your Prince. Your honour to your position stopped you. I know everything Salbeath, the thoughts you deny. Remember how you and Tarn swam naked in the river, you a ripe fifteen and he sixteen. The rush of sudden pleasure between your legs as you looked at his erection as he came out of the water. How much you regretted running away into the woods to get dressed. While Tarn, knowing his dreams would never eventualise, cried bitter tears and cursed his station. You ran back through the catacombs frightened to return and comfort your dearest friend, but huddled in your bed confused.’ Salbeath wept. ‘After that, you avoided being alone with him. And he in rage and hopelessness, bedded every woman who looked at him the same way you did. At least for those few moments, before grabbing your clothes and running. What if he’d followed, would you have given in to your desires?’
‘Yes, stop this, don’t hurt him anymore.’
‘Then give me my child?’
Salbeath nodded, and Halent licked the tears from her cheeks and then her eyes.
After they made love, he left sated, took Tarn to The Spirit World, and punished him because his wife still desired him.

Salbeath did as Halent wished and waited to conceive. That happened in The Spirit World. They walked in the glorious gardens and stopped to sit on the grass. Halent kissed her.
‘Make love to me here, why not?’
His eyes glazed over for a moment as if trying to remember something. ‘No, this isn’t the world of flesh,’ he was hesitant, afraid, and didn’t understand why. However, his want surfaced and he responded. As they made love in the soft, green grass, swirls of dragonflies danced around them, multi-coloured wings glistening in the bright light.

She was pregnant. When Halent found out his laughter rang throughout the castle. He gave gifts to every household on Ranal, and extra beer, and rations to his army. Tarn never laughed now and hardly spoke. Either the pain he endured in the other world or the nearness of the woman he loved so hopelessly was having the effect Halent planned. It worked; Tarn turned to evil, and would soon be his acolyte and not Fianes. As Halent taunted him the more he suffered and the more beautiful Salbeath became as if the two were tied together. As her beauty grew so did her sexuality. When she helped him recover after his torture, instead of being grateful, he hated her. Why didn’t she stop Halent doing this to him? If she cared she would, but no, her pleas on his behalf were too soft. She must realise her increasing loveliness was because of his pain. Tarn was a different boy than the one who hadn’t run after Salbeath. With a few years hard work he’d have been a wizard and so her equal, she should have waited for him. This ate at him, she should have waited, he kept thinking as if it was that simple, and Halent hadn’t changed all their lives.
Salbeath sensed the change in Tarn. She didn’t connect mentally with him and saw the strange looks he gave her. She continued to help and encourage but her kind smile was a knife in his heart. His strong emotions of lust and hate fed Halent well.

Salbeath’s bittersweet contacts with Tsocathlan continued. She saw her son in Fiane’s arms. As he gave Brolen to Clent, she saw her husband’s bitter tears, and she wept too, as she did the water rippled, the contact lost.
‘I said she still loved you,’ said Calupina who had recovered from her earlier despair.
She took the little boy from his father; he pointed at Fiane’s bowl and said, ‘mama.’
‘Yes mama,’ agreed Calupina, ‘she will be back soon little man, she was surprised he remembered Salbeath, he was only a tiny baby when she left.
‘How does he remember?’ Clent echoed Calupina’s thoughts.
‘He’s empathic, he can pick up emotions from us and listens to what we say,’ she explained. ‘He’ll not be a wizard, more like Solt.’
‘I’d forgotten how lovely she is,’ Clent wiped more tears with his sleeve.
‘Too beautiful,’ suggested Calupina.
Clent didn’t understand what that meant or notice the glance she gave her brother. ‘I ache to hold her again. She still loves me; I saw it in her eyes. I was frightened he’d stolen her heart and everything else.’ He stopped as Brolan cried.
‘Hush little one,’ Calupina sat and put him on her lap.
‘The armies are ready but she doesn’t tell us if she’s making progress,’ Clent’s voice was tight.
‘I believe she is, although she can’t communicate that to us. Last time she gave me news that will hurt you.’ Fiane was reluctant but it has to be said.
‘What?’ Clent’s new confidence in Salbeath tumbled.
‘She’s having his child.’
Clent’s eyes were full of pain, ‘You said he wasn’t human.’
‘Salbeath told me that many millennia ago he was, and so that makes a child possible,’ Fiane explained.
‘What sort of child, if he’s a monster the child might be too,’ Clent’s control slipped again. ‘There’s no time to wait, we should head for Ranal now, we’ve enough men.’
‘We’d fail,’ insisted Fiane. ‘You’ve heard the stories the survivors tell, he can turn a fine soldier into a coward by use of his magic. I can do the same but not on the scale of Halent. He can turn your army into cowering, terrified men who wait for the opposition to come and butcher them. Even with our greater numbers, we can’t defeat him; we must wait for Salbeath’s signal.
‘The pregnancy will slow her progress,’ admitted Calupina, ‘it always does. The child in your body takes precedence, it must. Be patient Clent, we’ll win, and you’ll have your wife back.’

Salbeath couldn’t ignore it any longer, Tarn had changed. She couldn’t miss the strange looks he gave her. One day when he asked to feel the baby kicking, he stood behind her and caressed her breasts, not her swelling belly, and his hardness pressed against her.
She too experienced desire and pulled away. ‘Tarn, don’t be a fool.’
‘It might be worth dying to have you once, Salbeath,’ Tarn’s voice wasn’t his, neither were his eyes.
Halent appeared with a terrifying look on his face, grabbed hold of Tarn and they disappeared. Time in The Spirit World differed, a few hours could pass in the blink of an eye, days in minutes, but this time they were away too long. When they reappeared Tarn’s injuries were physical, not just those of the mind. His acolyte's robe was torn to shreds and his body cut and bleeding.
‘What did this to him, you Halent?’ Salbeath demanded.
‘Stay away from him he doesn’t deserve your succour,’ he let Tarn slide onto the floor and then held Salbeath so she couldn’t go to him. ‘He did this to himself, it’s his lust for you that did it, look how it hurts.’ Salbeath struggled to get away. ‘No Salbeath, he betrayed both of us and this time he’ll be punished not caressed and kissed. Guards!’ he shouted. ‘Take this man to the prison.’ As they dragged Tarn away, the floor smeared with blood.
Salbeath still struggled, her face pale with fear for her friend, her emotions overwhelming, and she was frightened for their child, Halent relented. The baby kicked hard as if in answer. ‘You need to calm.’
‘Then let me treat his wounds you monster,’ she hadn’t called him that for a while and it hurt.
‘No, that’s what he wants. ‘I’ll let your women go to him but not you. I won’t let him die but he must be punished. You see how he’s changed?’
‘Punished, isn’t he punished enough by loving me? It’s my fault.’
‘No, my love it’s not.’ Salbeath was too upset to hear, Halent spoke the truth for once.

He carried her to her women and Maran looked after her, while Kena, Natalie, and Furla cared for Tarn. His once handsome face now marred with three deep claw marks, as if a huge paw had raked his face. It went from his eye down to his chin, one had cut his lip; so no matter how skilled Furna’s stitching he’d still have a scar and be disfigured. Halent realised it would not affect the way Salbeath loved him, despite the satisfaction it gave him, although as always it was fleeting.
He paced the room as Salbeath rested. He knew the armies of Tsocathlan and Plenth were ready to face him. But they wouldn’t attack until Salbeath gave the word that Halent was defeated, stuck in The Spirit World. Only he understood his power waned, even so, he still had the power to send the opposing armies mad with terror. He realised Salbeath diminished his power. Now afraid for the first time since he’d fallen into the other world, he was human again and weak, a strange sensation he didn’t enjoy. He should leave; go back to The Spirit World and rest, but not without Salbeath.

In Tsocathlan there was no word from Salbeath, the armies used up the food too fast. In a few months, they’d have to leave or starve. Halent sent more men to the plains so they couldn’t be replanted or animals grazed. They discussed attacking, but he might come and defeat them before they engaged. The wait ate away at everyone’s mind.

It was getting desperate. Plenth was impatient and considered recalling their men. Tsocathlan felt like a prison now and not a safe, protected land. Although Calupina and Fiane insisted Salbeath would succeed, most were no longer convinced.

The baby was close; Salbeath and the child had a mental bonding. She’d had the same with her mother and remembered anew the pain her loss caused. It had taken until her uncle came for the disturbing silence in her head to disappear. Her father spent time with his daughter and Salbeath always remembered those times with affection. She was surprised the baby and Halent had no bond. If she could get inside Halent’s shuttered mind, would she sense fear? Halent kept her guessing, just smiling at her presumptions.

It was a boy, and she knew she’d love him as much as Brolan. The birth was easy and Salbeath insisted she nurse him. Halent didn’t join the argument, he realised how much she missed her eldest son. He let her choose the name Pen, after her eldest and kindest brother, who’d bring his little sister gifts he’d made. His death was such a waste. She even missed Talt, who she once considered a drunken oath. Now she wanted him back and his stupid jokes, he was kind-hearted beneath his taunts. After the birth, the ghosts of her old days closed in, and at last comforted Salbeath.

Pen never cried in Salbeath’s arms, but when his father held him, he bawled for his mother. Halent said nothing but Salbeath guessed this wasn’t what he’d wanted or expected. Salbeath was happy for the first time since returning to Ranal. When Pen’s mind brushed hers, she’d smile with pleasure. His mind wasn’t formed yet, Salbeath realised he learned from her memories, perhaps that was why he didn’t like his father?
Tarn no longer had Fiane’s old room beneath the library but one closer to Halent. His wounds healed although he kept his scars, and not just those on the surface, but also those that went deeper. He avoided Salbeath. Salbeath missed him and grieved for the boy from her childhood; he’d gone forever, only memories remained.
She blamed Halent for the change. Halent hadn’t created the new Tarn. He had awoken something, which lived in all men and women and whispered to those whose lives were twisted by real or imaginary events. The silent demon resident in everyone.

Salbeath and Tarn hadn’t been back to the other world but Halent visited often. Putting Pen in a cot beside her, Salbeath went back to her studies. She worried it was taking too long to stop Halent. The army was ready and every month stretched Tsocathlan to find enough food for the extra mouths.

On the surface, they looked a normal family, but Halent was aware he’d made his greatest mistake insisting on the child. The first mistake was Salbeath, and now a son who closed his mind to him. He’d sensed the child shouldn’t be conceived in The Spirit World and those feelings were right. The boy was part of that world and this, and he loved his mother not his father.

Decisions had to be made in Tsocathlan; they needed crops sown on the plains. Clent told Salbeath that they had to plant or disband the army of good, faithful men, and send them away. No matter how hard Solt worked on the Plenth Prince their patience was running out, and soon they’d return home. They had to plant soon or risk starvation. ‘The adept’s will fight Halent. Salbeath we can’t wait much longer or the rains will stop, and the yields will be low as it’s too late in the year. The other scenario is to send everyone away.’
‘Wait until my next contact,’ Salbeath pleaded. ‘I’m no closer to finding a way into the world on my own. I don’t have the power to imprison him there. I may have to bargain, he loves me but also needs the power defeat gives him.’
‘Not victory.’
‘Not as much, perhaps Plenth will take some of our men, yet I fear they’d mistreat them. The alternative of sending them out without a safe haven and regular food worries me. The game gets scarce as the winter closes. Just a week Clent, and then the decision is yours and Solts. Halent is coming ...’

‘So Plenth is trying to get out of his part of the bargain, they are no longer convinced they are the next target.’ Halent said.
‘It was a valid prospect wasn’t it?’
‘I’ll get there, and then you’ll be Queen of Plenth and the Six Kingdoms. What are you going to offer me to leave Tsocathlan’s plains alone so they can plant?’
‘What do you want?’
‘Love.’
‘I wish I could,’ she meant it. ‘If I loved you would you leave Tsocathlan alone?’
‘I’m not any man; I know your true feelings. No new supplies are coming from Plenth to Tsocathlan. I doubt they gave anything for free. Your grandmother must have emptied the coffers paying them. It’s Plenth I will invade next; warn them if you wish, it won’t help them. That means Clent must go to their aid and I can pick them off in the desert. I’ll take on Calupina and her adept’s later, is that any help to you?’
‘Why warn me, is it the truth?’
‘Yes, and it’s too late to save Plenth, my army is through the desert. As for the rest of your family, I will spare Brolan and take him into ours. As for the others, Solt will have to go, his wife can live, perhaps Fendal, or should I let Cele become the king?’
‘Stop it. Please leave Tsocathlan alone and let them plant their crops.’
‘And, it doesn’t matter about Plenth, let them burn?
‘No.’
‘The choice is yours; I can stop the army if you wish.’
‘You know my choice but it doesn’t make it right, but not Clent, you promised me.’ Salbeath felt ill.
‘Clent yes, but I want the witch.’
‘Calupina, why? She has power that frightens you doesn’t she, why else are you so obsessed with her?’
Pen cried at his mother’s distress. She picked him up and put him to her breast.
‘I never thought I’d be jealous of my son. Does he talk to you?’
Her head came up, she was surprised. ‘Can’t you hear him?’
‘No just a presence, what does he say to you?’
‘No words yet just feelings.’ It was the truth and she noticed Halent’s relief. He disappeared; he needed extra strength, or why else was he always going to the other world? That was why she still had hope; he went increasingly often, it had to be because he needed to reclaim his powers.

She let Pen finish and held him, while she hummed a tune he liked. Trying not to think about Halent's army crossing the desert, and hoping he’d keep his word about Clent.
Mother? It was Pen, only a month old and he called her mother in her mind.
‘Pen, is that you?’
Yes, no more questions mother, listen. While father is in that world he doesn’t know what you are thinking, feeling, or saying.
I thought so, but how does that help? Once he gets back, he’ll find out.
No, relax and let your mind absorb this.
There was warmth in her mind as if washed with warm water. For a few moments, it was as if she was drowning and she gasped for air. Salbeath felt disorientated and concerned she might drop Pen she held him tighter. She sensed his stoic acceptance and relaxed.
I’m sorry Pen, she apologised.
Do you understand?
Yes.
He’s coming back, put your thoughts in order.
I need more time.
Explore the ideas later when he goes again, hurry.

She panicked and struggled to keep her two minds separate.
Halent reappeared. ‘What’s wrong, are you ill?’
‘It’s what you said about my family. I don’t want them hurt, even Cele.’ He believed her, and Salbeath concentrated on those thoughts.
I’ll keep my word Salbeath, but it will be up to them to plead for my mercy, then I’ll not be unreasonable, you may prepare them.’
‘And Plenth?’
‘Why not, it won’t affect the outcome.’

Salbeath put Pen in his cradle and prepared her scry bowl.
Fiane answered her call. She sounded her normal self. ‘I’m right, he’s heading for Plenth please try to warn them. I’ll contact you again soon.’ Salbeath touched the water and stopped the connection just as Halent reappeared.

‘Will you join the army?’ she asked him.
‘No need, I’ll base myself in Ranal until I’m needed. I hate being away from you for too long and I can’t take you. Pen is too young and you refuse any help with his feeding.’ He reached for her as he always did after visiting The Spirit World.

The next time he went, Salbeath waited for Pen to contact her. At first, she worried she’d imagined it? Then she felt his mind in hers and relaxed.
Mother, you can keep him out of your mind at other levels. However, he’ll be suspicious if you keep him out altogether. It takes practice but it’s possible using the method I showed you. He must spend time with the army, and if he’s far away and concentrating on that, then I can show you the door you search for.
Pen, how can you do this as a tiny baby? Salbeath’s fears disappeared. I knew there was a way in, and as Halent didn’t tell me he had reasons for not showing me how. Can I keep him there, he threatens all I love?
You know how. It won’t be easy mother.
Then he was a baby again. Halent had returned.

Halent kissed her cheek, ‘I have to leave for a while.’
‘How long will you be away?’ Salbeath kept her thoughts from him.
‘My general’s tell me the troops need me to “encourage” them with my presence. It may be two days, nights I will spend here. Will you miss me?’
‘I have Pen and my duties, I’m always busy.’
‘Yes, you are a great queen and you have your subjects love.’ He kissed her again and left.

Quickly, mother, he may return to check on you.
Is he suspicious do you think?
Not yet but he will be soon. We must hurry.
Salbeath picked up her son. What must I do?
Enter my mind; don’t be frightened you can’t hurt me. Concentrate and follow my lead as I show you the way.
Salbeath did and gasped, she saw the whiteness again. Where is the garden?
It wasn’t your vision mother but fathers. What would you choose to see? Close your eyes and imagine. I’ll tell you when to open them.
He did and she smiled. Snow-topped mountains reared in the distance, while thick woods and a river meandered below. She stood on a grassy hill. It was Ranal and Tsocathlan, combined.
It’s beautiful, said Salbeath, and more real than that overbright garden.
Do you remember how you got here?
Yes, it appeared easy or was that you?
No, it was easy, but your books couldn’t tell you, there are no words. Now reverse it, and take us back.
I’d prefer you did Pen. Are you tired?
A peel of mental laughter came from his mind. Mother, I am fine.
What now Pen?
We can stay longer, father is busy. Sit on the grass, I’m hungry.
Here?
Yes, it’s safe. Father was frightened to love you here mother.
But I insisted.
He finds it hard to refuse you; it pains him if you are in pain.
Why was he reluctant?
He didn’t know what would happen, he doesn’t understand very much.
But you do Pen?
No mother, like you I only perceive as much as I’m told.
How can I find help here?
Patience, I’m just the messenger half this world and half yours and I’m only a baby.
Did I conceive you here?
Yes.
Why are we staying, it feels as if you are waiting for something? Pen wasn’t sure either. How can we help Tsocathlan and Plenth? Please tell me Pen.
He cannot. The voice wasn’t Pens.
Salbeath looked to her right and saw a figure like Fiane. 
Salbeath, no harm will come to either of you. The words were in her head, not her ears. What are you seeking here?
Halent, my husband seeks to rule the known lands and those of which we know nothing. I want our freedom; he doesn’t care about anything but himself. I want the balance back in the Six Kingdoms and Tsocathlan, the freedom to decide our own laws and rights.
You help Salbeath, his urge to destroy has diminished since he took you.
And his power? Salbeath asked. The creature with Fiane’s face smiled. He’ll never be a good man like Clent. What is he?
Simple, a man with a man’s failings. He struggles to understand what he is, and believes power and force is the only way to succeed. Whereas, you think differently.
I’m a woman and know there’s more to life than being the strongest and bravest. Power should be used for the good and not the detriment of the people. There’s love, family, and loyalty. Salbeath wept. Who are you?
Call me the Guardian. I understand this world, not yours, and yet you believe I can help you?
Yes, I do, you need the balance kept in our world and here, or we both diminish.
Clever of you Salbeath and you’ve not read that in any of your books, you speak from your soul and your heart.
Did you plan this?
As you say, we need balance.
Who is Halent?
What he told you is true. He was a savage man without clothes who came here by accident after using a drug that changed his brain chemistry.
So there’s another way in?
No, it was an accident just as he says. It might be millennia until those factors that allowed his mind to lead his body here are repeated. His mind was powerful even then, he became the sum of his experiences, and he learned to be a better and cleverer savage. He was here many thousands of years. He ventured out into your world but returned often because he did not belong in either place. Then he met you and realised your latent skills, a woman like him, a suitable wife, a family, and a dynasty. His family long-lived because of the power contained here. He chose you, knowing you have the potential to be greater than he does, and is terrified of losing you. He wants to be human, he wants your love, and because of what he did to your family, you cannot give it. Yet you feel pity.
I do, she admitted, but I must save my world from his control, tell me how?
Don’t seek the answer in those books, you already have the knowledge inside but couldn’t reach it. Don’t waste time, Calupina is weakening, she’s been our focus for too long. You must go.
Where?’
Tsocathlan, to your grandmother.’
How? But she knew how and stood before a shocked Calupina, who fell back into her chair in fright. ‘Salbeath!’
‘Yes grandmother, call the adept’s it’s time. I know what to do. Hurry we need to concentrate our powers.’

They stood in the ancient hall, where Clent’s people had first been received. They waited for Salbeath to speak, as they stood in silence, but there was a feeling of great expectation. Pen was still in his mother’s arms. Salbeath noticed their power focused on her without asking for it. The sky darkened as if a storm threatened, unheard of in Tsocathlan. She sensed Halent’s fear but she steeled herself against the emotion of pity he might use to stop her. She had to, for he was unstable and might well kill everyone, and everything she loved in his anger. The sky was nearly black now, this was a supernatural storm, and everyone headed for shelter, closing doors, and shutters. Most took shelter in their cellars. Thanks to Calupina and the other adepts, the weather here was usually gentle. Salbeath looked out and saw Halent’s face in the steely clouds. She moved to the open wall and looked up at the sky again. Pen nuzzled her as if in sympathy. She must not pity Halent, not yet. His face showed pain, and for a moment, her focus wavered but not for long, Pen helped her. Halent was dragged back into The Spirit World. As suddenly as they’d come, the black clouds rolled back and the sky was blue again. She knew Halent was gone, held once more in The Spirit World, which was again his prison. While Salbeath or Pen lived, they could keep him there.
Salbeath felt a great loss and cried. Yes, she pitied him and would always long for the pleasure he gave her. Why force her to do this? The Guardian’s in that other world could’ve stopped Halent. He was the victim and they the real Demodicus. It was over.









Chapter 18


After the sky cleared Clent galloped like a madman from the fortress he was stationed at and headed for the palace. Salbeath walked to the stables to meet him. She still had hold of Pen. Clent wept and so did she. Pen whimpered and Clent looked at the son of his rival. He had to learn to love this tiny baby for Salbeath.
As if in answer, Salbeath made it easier. ‘It was Pen, not me, he did this so don’t despise him. This child brought us together again, he saved us.’
Sera came running with Brolan; she struggled with the fat well-fed toddler who hated to be carried. ‘Oh princess, princess,’ she kept repeating as her tears flowed.
‘Pen dear, go to your new father,’ Salbeath said and handed him to Clent before he could refuse. She took hold of Brolan but he struggled harder now, wanting Sera.
‘No Brolan dear, this is your mama,’ Sera encouraged.
‘Want Sera,’ a reluctant Salbeath handed him back.
‘It will take time Your Highness,’ Sera apologised.
‘Yes, it will, and thank you Sera for caring for him so well. He looks big and strong next to Pen. Clent, I can’t stay yet and neither must you. Just because Halent isn’t in charge of his army doesn’t mean they won’t press onto Plenth. It’s a rich prize. It won’t stop the invasion now Halent’s not in control of his army, but be more ambitious. We need to send our men after them and then they must fight on two fronts. I must go to Ranal, once the army outside the gates realises Halent isn’t coming back they’ll sack the town,’ she looked worried. ‘I’ll fortify the walls with the townsmen but they’re not soldiers. Sera, I’m feeding Pen, he’ll go with me.’
‘No Salbeath,’ Clent shouted and then lowered his voice, he was horrified they’d not spend at least one night together, worried she no longer loved him.
‘Oh my love, I wish I could stay, but what if Ranal falls while we hold each other? I will need men, Clent can you organise this? Clent!’
Clent took hold of his doubts, ‘Go back via the Eastern Fortress, those men are from Ranal. Salbeath, am I not to hold you before you leave?’
‘Just a while longer and we’ll live again,’ she touched his face with great tenderness.
Clent knew her reasoning was sound. ‘The general is Thea ‒ you’ll remember him.’
‘Thank you,’ she took Pen from him, and left to find clothes suitable for a hard ride. Clent sought Solt and Fendal.
Sera came back with a pack of food. Salbeath was ready to leave. Calupina sat by the window.
‘Sera, I’ll need clothes for Pen too.’
‘I’ll find Brolan’s old ones,’ she dashed off again.
‘Salbeath,’ her grandmother insisted, ‘that child is too tiny to go with you, leave him here. We have wet nurses and you can take leaves to help dry your milk.’
‘It sounds odd, but I need his help, we’ve never been separated.’ She changed her mind, or Pen did. ‘Yes, he should stay.’
Clent walked in, ‘And Brolan? Our son only knows his mother through a Scry bowl.’
‘I’ll make it up to him and you. What I mean is Pen is special, not that I love Brolan less.’
‘What she means Clent is that he’s an adept,’ she picked him up and looked at him. ‘And more than a baby, he has power no child should have. Be patient Clent.’

Salbeath was overwhelmed by the reception at the fortress, the soldiers happy to follow her to Ranal. Clent would take soldiers from another two fortresses after Halent’s army, now on its way to Plenth. They were well prepared, and thanks to Plenth’s guides and advisers, ready for a desert crossing.

The lovers met at the large opening made in the cliffs as their soldiers rode through the deep ravine. They had a few moments to speak alone.
‘I still thought of you as my wife, even when you divorced me, and married Halent,’ Clent still needed reassurance.
‘I never divorced you in my heart and so it’s void if you wish it?’ There was too long a silence and Salbeath broke it. ‘I supposed you’d take me back but many men wouldn’t.’
‘I still love you Salbeath although this last year has been painful. Go, save your home. I’ll look after Pen as if he’s my own.’
‘Dearest,’ Salbeath’s eyes were moist. ‘I’ll live, but if not, Pen for Ranal and Brolan for Braystone.’
‘There is nothing left of Braystone, he only kept Ranal whole because of you.’
‘We’ll build it again, hopefully together.’
General Thea urged they move. ‘Majesty, the men are through, the crack will soon close.’
‘I can open it myself now, but I’m coming. How many counted?’
‘Two and a half thousand infantry, but only five hundred cavalry as there is a shortage of horses.’
‘Time is urgent, the cavalry must ride, and the rest follow as able. There are five thousand of Halent's men camped outside the walls of Ranal and more inside. Thea, we will succeed.’ Looking at his queen’s face Thea knew she was infused with power and that wasn’t helping Clent. ‘I remember you riding out with my father that day.’
‘Aye, Your Majesty, I was wounded but as you see I recovered well. Since coming here I’ve had new hope to retake Ranal, and pray my wife and children still live.’
‘Go through Thea, I’ll follow.’ She turned to her husband and they clasped hands as warriors before she turned and galloped after Thea. Clent watched until they disappeared.

It took seven days to reach Ranal. Like Thea, the men were keen to get home and fight fair for their return, and not against a powerful wizard. This time around, they had the advantage of a powerful adept on their side.

Salbeath rarely slept but rode between the troops, and sat by each campfire to infuse the men with hope, and she did. For the first time since Brolan’s death, they had a ruler ‒ Salbeath was their queen. Those who remembered her brothers believed the Spirit’s spared the best of Brolan’s children, and there was hope for the future.
Salbeath sat next to Thea and accepted rabbit stew, she was tired, and her breasts still hurt. Salbeath read Thea’s thoughts. ‘I’m well enough, I’ll sleep later. I suppose you think me mad to come and leave my baby?’
‘No. I remember my wife, she’s a sensible woman. I hope she’s still alive with my children. She must think I’m dead with our firstborn, who died bravely but too young.’
‘I’m sorry; I hope you find her after this. I’m not aware how people in the town are managing either. We didn’t have a court life, most stayed well away from Halent.’ She moved to get comfortable and sleep. ‘I’m untried in a large battle although I held a sword from an early age. My father did his best for me, teaching me as his father taught him, but it’s not the same as experience.’
‘Your worth shows ‒ you listen to everyone, not assume because you are the ruler you know more than those experienced in battle.’
‘I may have to use powers you detest as much as my father did.’ She glowed and Thea sensed a great exhilaration as if she had touched his soul. Then she smiled the kind, gentle smile of an uncertain young woman. Thea realised the woman beside him had real power but she was what Halent had never been, a human with feelings.
‘Yes, Your Majesty, I’ll do as you say even if it sounds strange.’
‘I prefer lady if you must be formal, and one day you’ll just say Salbeath.’

One more hill and Ranal would be in view. Trying hard to keep calm, Salbeath listened as a scout reported that Ranal burned, and the gates to the old town were breached. However, General Trehorn was no fool; he’d kept most of the army outside waiting for Salbeath.
The scout was one of her father’s captains. ‘If we wait for the infantry it may be too late.’
‘Yes Greor, that’s what Trehorn wants us to do.’
If she waited, they had a better chance of success, but as they delayed, Ranal might be destroyed and more townspeople killed. The smoke blew their way, one man coughed.
‘Thea, give me two hours and harass Trehorn’s troops. Pester those at the edges, withdraw, and kill those foolish enough to follow you. Once the infantry is ready then attack as we planned. I’m going inside by the old tunnels,’ she wouldn’t accept any argument.
‘Lady, what can you do alone?’
‘Thea, you promised not to argue. Nobody can get in or out of those tunnels without my help and there are people inside. Thea trust me!’ She jumped off her horse and slung her small pack over her shoulder as she ran towards the entrance.
Thea worried but did as she said, ‘You heard the queen; get your companies prepared to harass the men at the edges, and that means not losing any men to stupid heroics.’
He watched her running. She ran like a shadow, sure-footed amongst the sharp rocks that poked up through the clay. Thea prayed aloud. ‘Great Spirit, keep our queen safe, and us too.’

Salbeath could see in the dark but she lit a torch. She had no need of flint, the torch burst into flame. As she moved along the tunnels, she sensed the call that led her here.
‘Tarn?’ she called out mentally.
Tarn answered the same way, he was unsure if it were a dream.
I’m real Tarn, stay where you are, I can sense you and I’ll be there soon. She ran faster.

Sat in total darkness, hundreds of people, mainly women, children, and a few old men prayed for rescue.
Tarn came towards her; the relief on his face was immense. ‘I can’t believe it’s you Salbeath, this was all I could think of to hide people. I managed to widen the first door from the instructions in that book you gave me when I first became an acolyte.’ He stopped remembering how Halent had sought to divide them. ‘I lit the torches, but I couldn’t find others before the final lamp went out. We brought food and water, but it’s nearly gone, and when the torches went out I couldn’t find fresh ones. I know they must be close.’
Tarn sounded close to panic, his once perfect face filthy, and his scars standing out in the soot and dirt of the tunnels.
‘I’m here, I heard you call. Where are my ladies?’
‘Here Salbeath,’ said a tired voice. It was Kena. Maran was on her feet limping to her mistress.
‘There’s water close by and torches only a few feet away,’ Salbeath reassured them.
‘I missed them,’ Tarn was exhausted but Salbeath’s presence reassured him, and he felt strong again. ‘I don’t know this place well enough; I was terrified I wouldn’t remember how to open the way in, all I could do was pray you could hear me call and open the way out, but I didn’t know the way past the first arch, so all I could do was keep them safe until you came.’
‘There’s water down that tunnel about two hundred paces,’ Salbeath pointed, ‘the roof drops and you’ll find the stream.’
‘I was so close. I banged my head and thought it was a dead end. It’s a frightening place and without light more so.’
‘You did the right thing. Now you have a light I’ll tell you how to reach the entrance in the lower woods. Outside is our army ‒ they’ll give everyone food and treat the injured. Here take my torch and find more,’ again she pointed, ‘in a crevice nearly twenty paces.’
Tarn groaned again, ‘I should have found them.’ he realised she wouldn’t be going with them. ‘You can’t go in alone.’
‘Yes, I can.’
‘Not without me. I must come with you Salbeath. Natalie and Kena know about the tunnels. They’ll find the way out if you tell them the formula, and you are powerful enough to open the way out from a distance or set them right if they falter.’
He looked so sure that Salbeath agreed. ‘Yes, I can. Maran, you can help too.’ Kena and Natalie were beside her. She whispered the instructions. ‘If you all count,’ she whispered, ‘you won’t lose the way. Once you reach the final tunnel you can’t go wrong, it’s straight from there on.’
‘But Salbeath how do we get out, surely you closed the door behind you? Only a wizard can open them if fully closed.’ As usual, Natalie thought of everything.
‘Tarn and I discussed that. Call me mentally and I’ll hear you. I can open the door and close it again.’
Nobody moved, they didn’t believe her, but Tarn reassured them. ‘She can, I promise you.’
‘I believe you,’ said Natalie, ‘will you know we are safe?’
Salbeath smiled. ‘Get the torches,’ she handed Maran the torch and waited until the others were lit and water handed out. ‘Wait with the supply carts. Halent is gone and these generals are only flesh and blood, we will reclaim Ranal for its people. Well, Tarn are you coming?’ He took a torch.  ‘We don’t need that.’
‘Salbeath?’ He handed the torch to Kena.
‘Hold my hand ‒ I can see in the dark.’ Salbeath ran off into the darkness, Tarn confident in her abilities; let her fill him with power too. But before they had gone far she felt his exhaustion return so she stopped and handed him her water flask. ‘Here Tarn you need water.’
‘I’m sorry,’ he cried and repeated ‘I’m sorry.’
‘What for, it was Halent’s doing?’
‘No, he was right; I took my feelings with me. It was because I love you Salbeath, and I couldn’t have you as a man wants a woman. If I’d been a noble it’d been different, and it was eating away at me.’
‘I should’ve been wiser; it was I who sought you. I wanted my best friend around to have fun.’

They remembered the time by the river. Salbeath saw the scene through Tarn’s memories and her own recollections.
‘I nearly came after you,’ he admitted, ‘If I touched you, you would let me ...’
‘Yes,’ Salbeath admitted.
‘But I kept telling myself I was just a stable boy and lucky to be your friend. That was when I stopped dreaming and didn’t wait for you.’ Tarn sobbed. Salbeath sensed so much anger and despair and then it disappeared, but Tarn still sobbed.
‘I’m sorry Tarn but when this is over you should help Clent rebuild Braystone, and oversee the building work.’
‘Away from you?’ His tears stopped, Salbeath sensed he was different.
‘The Spirits have healed you, dear friend. Now I’m sure we will win this war.’
‘How can one woman and a stable boy take a castle full of soldiers?’
‘One woman and one acolyte can do a great deal Tarn. Most off-duty soldiers get drunk, and now Halent isn’t prowling around they’ll be looking for something to drink. He kept the best wine and beer locked away. I have a plan; it came as you called me. First, we have to get into Fiane’s tower without getting caught.’
‘What do you mean to do?’
‘Only simple magic required. I’ll put the castle to sleep. Remember your history and the old rat runs?’
‘The duct system; but we can’t use them can we?’
‘Only with great difficulty, but rats can.’
‘Smoke them out?’
‘Yes, remember every few years they’re filled with special smoke that drove the rats crazy to escape. The poor things used to dive into those vats of oil and be burnt. I’m glad they stopped that practice, and the barrels of rats are now given poisonous smoke and buried.’
‘What a ghastly job either way.’
‘It’d have been part of your duties if things had remained the same.’
‘Perhaps I made a mistake in taking on this job, what are you going to use, not the rat smoke?’
‘No, man smoke.’
‘Dileron?’
‘Yes, only used once in my grandfather’s time, when those rebels tried to take the castle from the inside. I know where it is and where the antidote is stored, father told us and not that long ago.’ She paused, remembering his instructions; she never thought she’d have to use it. ‘We’ll take the castle first and find able men to defend it. We can get soldiers through the tunnels and push out to retake the city. Thea and the others will fight outside the walls.’

They heard a noise; it was Lady Kena leading others, the most able-bodied of the old men and younger women. ‘We thought you needed help?’ Kena explained. ‘And prayed we wouldn’t get lost, you run too fast.’
‘I fought with your grandfather in the Runner Wars Your Majesty,’ an old man explained. She recognised many of the faces, most worked in the castle.
‘We’ll not let you die alone,’ said another.
‘Thank you, but I don’t expect to die just yet. Yes, you can be of help. Follow at your own pace Kena, I’ll explain the way, it’s not too difficult from here, and wait for me to come back. Tarn why don’t you stay and rest too, you are exhausted.’
‘No,’ he struggled to his feet, ‘I’m coming, and you’ll need help.’

Salbeath ran off again. Tarn trying to keep up was glad he now carried a torch. She stopped, let him rest, and waited while he recovered. They were at the entrance to her rooms. She opened the panel and stepped from behind the tapestry. Tarn did the same holding his breath, which he let out noisily when he saw the state of the room. It had been ransacked. They heard laughter.
‘What did I tell you Tarn? They’ve found the cellars and many of them will be stupid by now.’ She moved to the dressing room, it too had been rifled. Clothes were strewn around, and boxes large and small opened and emptied. Salbeath moved another tapestry aside and clicked a panel. 
Tarn wasn’t aware of this tunnel. ‘Where does this go?’
‘To the base of Fiane’s tower, that’s why my mother chose these rooms and put her books in the tower, so my father wouldn’t catch her studying.’
‘The lamps aren’t there.’
‘No, but the Dileron and antidote are. The lamps are stored near the kitchens,’ she noticed the empty jewellery box, ‘Odd Tarn, I’d like the jewels he gave me back. Yet I want him kept in The Spirit World.’
‘The Spirits are capricious, how long will he be imprisoned there?’
‘He’ll be back but I hope not for a while. Tarn, you, and I are changed by our time there; will Halent come back the same person?’

She moved inside the tunnel, Tarn followed and closed the panel, it was very narrow, and the steps steep. As they neared the tunnel, the walls were damp with moisture.
‘Ugh, I always hated this part Tarn. Soon we come to a branch, one leads to the tower and another to the stables.’
‘You never told me,’ Tarn sounded hurt.
‘It wasn’t wise. This was for Fiane and I.’
‘You didn’t trust me?’
‘I did, but if you’d been found in my rooms you’d have been in serious trouble, innocent or not. You’re exhausted Tarn and we have a long climb upwards.’
‘You’re as fresh as when you started. What The Spirit World does for you isn’t the same for me?’
‘I don’t know, perhaps we can change that?’
‘I’m frightened to go back, but Halent was a bad influence; with you, it might be different?’

They reached the steps going up to the tower. The basement door was hidden as in Salbeath’s chambers, and she slid it open. Unlike her rooms, this hadn’t been ransacked, soldiers were just as frightened and as superstitious about wizards as anyone else. They crept up the stairs to the basement room beneath the library, and pulled out the small, heavy chest and checked the Dileron and antidote was still there.
‘So far it’s been easy but getting to the kitchen won’t be. I need your filthy robe. You can wear my clothes they should fit in. I don’t want to be noticed.’
Tarn realised he stared as Salbeath took off her clothes, he turned his back and pulled his robe off too.
‘I’ll hide the chest by magic, and change my appearance,’ she said when they’d finished. ‘Are you up to finding Kena and the others?’
‘Yes, but I don’t want to leave you on your own.’
‘Tarn, I have no intention of being raped by my late husband’s soldiers, most had no choice but to follow Halent. His generals are different; they chose to work for him for riches and power, and they won’t let go of it. Don’t worry.’
‘Where shall I take them?’
‘The kitchen, remember the way?’
‘Does this tunnel connect with it?’
‘Yes, there’s an opening, a narrow one, looks like a crack in the rock but it goes through to the other side. I’ll show you.’

Salbeath led him back and showed him the cleft in the rock walls. She shoved the box through with difficulty before squeezing through the oddly shaped cleft. It would’ve been easy as a child but now it was a tight fit.  Tarn got his bearings.
He was still reluctant to leave her. ‘Please stop looking at me like father’s old dog Fanet.’
Tarn gave a twisted smile and taking the torch, set off to collect the others. Salbeath set off in the opposite direction looking for the way into the kitchen complex. She gave a prayer to the Great Spirit as she opened the panel. She’d used it before but not for a long time, as a child she would sneak into the kitchens in search of cakes and tarts. This storage room contained preserved jams and jars of dried foodstuff. It was empty of her favourite foods and of servants and soldiers too. Salbeath slipped out and shut the panel. She peered around the doorway that opened into the large, main kitchen, and sure enough it was filled with soldiers. Then she saw Younger Buscombe and smiled, trust him to survive. But how to get the box out without attracting attention? If only she could catch Younger Buscombe’s eye but he moved away. She thought come here, he changed his mind, and walked towards the storeroom, unaware he was coerced.
She grabbed his arm.
He squeaked, ‘I’m just the…’ he recognised Salbeath.
‘Buscombe, my fat friend, I need your help?’
‘Highness, Majesty, you know I’m no hero,’ he stammered.
‘No fighting involved; I need you to bring the key to the lower storeroom where they keep the burners, I’ll do the rest.’
‘Burners?’ Younger Buscombe was sharp, his eyes twinkled. ‘About time we had the old feast of smoke, the place is crawling with vermin. You’ve got something to smoke ‘em out?’
‘I do and you’ll need the antidote if you don’t want to end up the same way.’
‘I’m run off my feet, everyone has fled.  More soldiers give up the pretence they’re guarding the castle and want to empty the demon’s cellars. We need to hurry, old Finhorn the general will see something’s wrong. I’ve heard many things, where’s the evil king?’
‘Gone to The Spirit World.’
‘How, I thought he was all-powerful?’
‘Obviously not.’
‘Majesty, we have a problem. The beers nearly gone, even the old demon’s special stock, the wine was already low.’
‘Unlock the hard drinks, the drunker they are the better.’
‘Most of those were made before your grandfather,’ Buscombe shook his head.
‘Then we make more. You were going to disappear too weren’t you?’
‘Yes, it’s getting dangerous; they are celebrating old Halent’s disappearance. Is it true he blew up into a big, black cloud and vanished?’
‘Yes.’
‘Mind if I stick with you? I think you had something to do with that, always the fay one.’
‘Why stick around in the first place?’
Younger Buscombe looked embarrassed at being honourable. ‘I’ve council members hidden close to those burners, in that nook by the woodpile. One’s badly wounded, the others have a few cuts and bruises. I was trying to get them out of the castle?’
‘Buscombe, you’ve been caught doing something noble and selfless. I had no idea you could be so brave.’
‘Neither did I.’
‘Lucky we’ve enough antidote, we may be a little nauseous and have a headache, but that’s better than coming around after Dileron. I’ve sent Tarn for help and told him to bring others here and I’d appreciate your help too. I have to get along the passage and down the steps for the lamps, can you check if anyone is wandering around?’
‘Yes, Your Majesty.’ Buscombe grinned. ‘They won’t notice extra staff coming instead of going.’

Kena was the last through the panel. ‘You continue to survive Younger Buscombe,’ she said as he helped her out.

It took a few hours to position the lamps. Many of the volunteers worked at the castle and knew where the lamps needed placing, and how to open the ducts. Tarn carefully filled them with the Dileron and readied them for lighting. Other volunteers took over from Buscombe and helped serve the soldiers while the baker helped Salbeath. The oil needed to burn the lamps was nearly taken by a drunken soldier mistaking it for a flagon of wine.








Chapter 19


General Finhorn hadn’t found the “deserters” in the kitchen. He was too busy fighting the townsmen who put up a good fight. They hid in the tunnels that ran under the old town and built to carry excess water to the river when the rains were heavy. Since Halent’s disappearance, his army no longer had the urge to fight as they once had. Salbeath heard the news and hoped it was the same for the army outside the gates ‒ if so they’d win.
The volunteers closed the shutters to keep the smoke inside. Younger Buscombe volunteered to close the openings in the kitchen area. The main doors would be for Salbeath to secure.
‘Any news on how our men are doing in the town?’ Salbeath asked.
‘No majesty, but the burghers in the cellar say they’ve prepared for a while in the hope Halent might be defeated. They’ve food and water stored in the higher levels of the runway and added new walls so they can hide from the troops. It’s a warren down there.’
‘There are ways through to the lower levels too. But Halent didn’t tell his generals much. Thinking back he did a lot of odd things.’
‘Because he considered himself invincible?’ suggested the crafty pastry maker.
‘Yes, that’s the truth,’ admitted Salbeath. ‘How are we doing, any soldiers not in the kitchen?’
‘Not many, those in the kitchen can’t stand, never mind lift a sword.’ Buscombe had a wide grin and gave Kena a look, which said, and I was smart enough to encourage them. Kena looked no more kindly at him. ‘If Finhorn comes back he’ll kill them. Word is out he means to declare himself king before the others get here. Must be a brave man or he knows Halent is well and truly gone.’
‘There won’t be any more false kings in Ranal. If I die, there are two rightful heirs in my sons. Time to start. Buscombe shut the doors and shutters in the kitchen. Kena light the first lamp.’

The smoke was thicker than anyone expected. The ancient engineers were clever men. Most of the smoke was aided by unseen draughts drifting along the wide, man-sized ducts mostly now used for removing soot from the fireplaces. Soon everyone who hadn’t taken the antidote would sleep.

Salbeath crept downstairs to close the doors to the castle. These were extremely heavy and only closed on a few ceremonial occasions. She prayed the hinges were oiled or she’d be heard. Outside two guards stood at their post, they either didn’t know about the party going on in the kitchen or were more conscientious than most. Salbeath intended to lure them inside hoping Tarn’s old robe was not too off-putting. She loosed her hair and pulled at the robe to expose her breasts. Hiding her sword behind her, she walked over to the men as if drunk.
‘I’m lonely,’ she giggled.
One guard turned to his friend, ‘Hey Jeth, there’s a woman still here, those idiots at the party aren’t relieving us. I told you so. Why should we be the fools and stay here?’
‘We should stay; if old Finhorn comes back you’ll be on the execution list just like them.’
‘Cover me?’
‘Don’t be a fool.’
‘She’s not bad.’
The other guard assessed her. ‘Look at her; they’ve all had a go.’
‘Come here little girl what you need is a man who can satisfy you. Jeth?’
‘Hurry before he gets back.’ Jeth turned back to his watch while the other guard advanced with a stupid grin on his face.
Salbeath backed away giggling so they could not be seen from the doorway, and with a lightning strike, she thrust her short sword under his ribs to his heart. Warm blood splattered over her. As he fell to his knees, he looked surprised and Salbeath knew she’d see his face on her mind, awake or asleep for a long time. She ran to the door and before he could sense her, cut the other’s throat with her sharp, hooked knife. He fell to his knees; Salbeath caught him and dragged him away from the doors. She saw other guards at the bottom of the ramp, so she had to hurry or they’d notice if both men disappeared and come to investigate. The doors needed four men to close and open them. Salbeath prayed to The Spirits to find the strength. At first, they didn’t move.
‘I must close the doors and stop anyone coming in, come on move,’ she muttered under her breath. ‘I’m stronger than most men, so move,’ she experienced a moment's panic as they refused to budge; her plan might fail if she didn’t stop extra men from entering.
Believe, said a voice in her mind. In what? said Salbeath, longing to scream aloud.
In you, your father’s influence holds your power back even in Tsocathlan.
It was true, she was sceptical of where her powers originated. Simple magic she had said of the smoke, it was as simple to use the power of The Spirit World. Let go of everything.

As if by instinct, she stood back, perhaps a racial memory from a skilled ancestor. It was simple, and simple magic is the most effective. The first rule, but did anyone understand what that meant. She found that place in the centre of her being, a place where she experienced the strongest emotions ‒ it burned with energy. Lifting her hands towards the doors they slammed shut with a force that shook the ancient foundations. Again, she pushed her energy out, and the heavy, metal bar slammed down to seal them, and the castle shook once more. She sank on the floor and wept, but for what? She was unsure for she also felt elated. The tears streaked the blood now dried on her cheeks.
Kena ran in. She saw Salbeath in the torn and blood-splattered gown, and the bodies of the two guards.
‘I’m fine Kena.’
‘We should get you cleaned.’
‘Not yet, are the lamps lit?’
‘Yes, and doing their work.’
‘Good, I’m tired but I can’t sit here. We must check the upper floors. I’ll change once that’s done, the lamps will only burn for a short time.’ She stood up and used the same method, as she had to close the doors, to re-energise her body.
Tarn ran in, a sword in his hand, he was no warrior, although he’d practised in secret with Salbeath. Following came more unlikely warriors. Even fat Buscombe had a sword. The older men who’d been soldiers looked happy at their return to action.
‘Go floor to floor, check everywhere. Any unconscious men get downstairs and fight any awake. Kena, can you organise the unconscious men are locked away in the prison area. Younger Buscombe will know where the keys are.’ Buscombe nodded.
‘Your Majesty.’ Kena curtsied and ran off with Younger Buscombe behind, running as best he could.

Kena came back with clean clothes for Salbeath. ‘I insist you change, you can’t go back to the general’s looking like that,’ she insisted
‘Yes, you’re right.’
‘I have fresh water in the old laundry; you can clean-up there. The soldiers are cleared from the kitchen area.’
‘I need food too, ask Buscombe to find me something?’
‘I’ll tell him,’ volunteered Landson the Burgher, running after Kena.
Salbeath got to her feet and followed her Lady-In-Waiting to the laundry in the older wing of the castle. She hadn’t been back there since Cara and it reminded her of her cousin’s terror.

The first water was red with blood, and Salbeath felt an ache for the waste of life and the war she knew wasn’t over and perhaps never would be. History was full of tyrants, thankfully not as powerful as Halent, but still trying to take someone else’s world. The kitchen was tidier. Younger Buscombe was in a more recognisable role with an apron, not a sword. He brought out a plate of tarts he’d hidden from the greedy soldiers.
There was tea too, her favourite, and Salbeath enjoyed both while she discussed tactics with her unusual generals. ‘What’s the headcount of imprisoned men?’ She asked Kena.
‘Two hundred and thirty-four,’ Kena looked pleased. ‘They’ll wake up to worse hangovers than they’ve ever had, I don’t feel wonderful myself.’
‘Sorry, the antidote has side effects but not for long, you’ll soon be better; have tea, it will help. Buscombe, I hope you have enough tea for everyone?’ Salbeath suggested, and for once, the pastry cook went to make more without grumbling, although he had to be exhausted. ‘And Buscombe, the prisoner’s will need bread when they wake, but get sleep first.’ Still no pulled faces and no moaning, Salbeath missed the expected battle of wills but smiled.
‘Now what?’ asked Kena.
‘I’ll leave the palace to you to defend. If it looks as if it might fall, get everyone in the tunnels again and hide. I’ll take Tarn with me and the fittest of the men, the rest of you defend the castle. It should be possible.’
‘I know my history Salbeath.’ Kena looked grim.
‘Don’t go far into the tunnels. Just to the first stream where I found you and try to keep the way in secret.’
‘I remember the first stream, from when you were a child, I daren’t go in further, or I’d get lost. Only a wizard can open the secret doors.’
‘You know how I hated embroidery, the tunnels were a great place to hide, and I knew you wouldn’t go past the first prayer arch. I’ll return to you, dear Kena. Our new Younger Buscombe has been a revelation, surely you think kindly of him now?’
Kena smiled, ‘I’ve almost forgiven the trouble he caused me throughout the years. If he didn’t bake the best bread and cakes in Ranal, your father would’ve let him go years ago.’
‘Then he’d have opened a shop and become a very rich man, but his family were part of this castle. We won’t be long ‒ they must realise the closed main door means those loyal to Ranal are holding the castle, so be careful.’

Tarn couldn’t keep up with Salbeath as she hurried through the tunnels to bring back reinforcements. She wondered why she wasn’t tired? She felt secure and revitalised and realised she drew on the power of The Spirit World. 
Once back with her troops she left Tarn to rest. She led a company of foot soldiers back through the tunnels to defend the stronghold and help the townspeople fighting in the streets.

As soon as the soldiers were installed in the castle, Salbeath ran back along the tunnels, coming out into the cold early morning sunlight as it chased away the mists. She looked around for a moment before a brisk run back to her army.’
Thea waited. ‘Lady you must rest.’
‘No time, we secured the castle without losing anyone. Finhorn must have no idea of the deep tunnels under Ranal. Halent was a fool.’
‘Many in Ranal believe they are a myth,’ admitted Thea.
‘No longer, but it’s difficult to find your way in or out ‒ hence the mystery. Our brave townspeople are using the town water tunnels to hide.’
‘Any child in Ranal can find their way around them but if it rains they must get out quickly.’
‘Then we must act fast too, are we ready to move?’
‘Yes, we’re only waiting for the foot soldiers to ready after a sleep.’
‘Good, I’ll leave that to you. I’ll be of greater use inside the town. Keep Tarn close, that way we can keep in touch.’ She ran off.
Thea was up on his feet and the order went out to prepare for battle.

As soon as she was back, she saw the column commander of the troops she’d led in earlier and asked for a report.
‘The doors and walls held, Your Majesty. Thanks to your Lady Kena and her hot oil and molasses. We didn’t need to waste arrows,’ the young man smiled.
‘I think you will need them later, Captain Zyle. They say ladies are gentle creatures, but watch out for those defending their home. I want fifty men here, the rest to follow me into the city. We must beat back General Finhorn’s men to the outer walls.’
Kena came up to her, ‘Salbeath you must rest, even you can’t keep going for so long.’
‘I’ll sleep tomorrow when it’s over, and in my old room if you’ll organise it.’
‘It’s ready now,’ Kena knew it was no use arguing.
‘I have to go Kena; I must save who I can.’ Kena nodded.







Chapter 20


Salbeath led a party into the drainage tunnels beneath the town, the men were from Ranal and knew what to expect. Most had played in the tunnels as children. She included those burghers up to fighting. She led them via the stable passage then into the drains.
‘I didn’t know about this,’ said a surprised Landson. ‘I didn’t know the drains went further ‒ I thought they were a dead end. Just as well it wasn’t common knowledge.’
‘Aye,’ agreed another man, ‘I heard about it from my cousin but could never find it, and he wouldn’t tell me. Said I could enter the labyrinth beneath the mountain from them but there was no way out without a wizard. He also said there were skeletons of lost boys who’d been foolish enough to try to get in.’
‘There’s no direct connection, only a wizard can open the entrance and exits. I’ve no idea about remains, the tunnels are vast and I only know the way taught by my mother and uncle. Perhaps one day I’ll explore the others.’ Salbeath explained. ‘I hated sewing so I used them to escape.’
‘Thank The Spirits for that,’ said another man.
‘Captain Zyle, please send men to find any noncombatant's hiding here and get them back to the castle for care. You have chalk to mark the way. I doubt most of you have been here since childhood. Rub it out as you retrace your steps,’ Salbeath added. ‘Once everyone is safe we’ll bring more troops through the labyrinth and make our push against Finhorn.’

They found over a thousand people hiding, most in shock from losing family, homes, and business. Ranal was in ruins. Burger Landson found some family members but he’d lost his wife and eldest son, who died protecting his mother. Only a thousand or so saved out of an estimated seven thousand. Salbeath felt she’d failed.
‘We’ll find more,’ said Zyle, noting her despair.
‘We took too long,’ Salbeath admitted, wiping her eyes on her sleeve.

Tarn arrived with more reinforcements, and they started taking the town back, building by building, or ruin by ruin. They pushed Finhorn’s men to the outer walls as Salbeath hoped. That night Finhorn built bonfires to burn the bodies of not only his troops but those of the townspeople who died nearby. The sinister smoke blew over the town disturbing everyone.
Salbeath went to her room to try to sleep but was too upset to relax and when Tarn knocked, she was still dressed.
‘Shall I go back to Thea?’ 
‘No not yet, take time to sleep. The fighting has stopped until sunrise. We’ll light the warning pyre early morning as arranged, and Thea will push his way in.’ Salbeath rang the bell and Kena entered. ‘Kena, is there any wine left? I can’t sleep.’
‘I’m sure our friend Buscombe has a bottle hidden away,’ she said and left, giving Tarn a dark look.
‘I’ll always be the stable boy,’ he gave a slight smile.
‘I hoped you’d replace my brothers, it’s hard not to have them here.’
Tarn nodded. ‘I understand, and still love you Salbeath, and I’ll try my best not to tell you again. I’m back as I was before Halent corrupted me.’
‘Exactly the same?’
‘No, stronger, but I might imagine it.’
‘I’m much stronger too. I feel bigger as if there’s more inside me ‒ it’s hard to explain.’ Tarn nodded he had the same idea. ‘Ask Fiane how they are doing in the desert, Tarn.’
‘You are too kind, you can reach him better than I, and you could ask your grandmother too.’ Salbeath nodded. ‘You should have been Fiane’s apprentice and would have if not for your father. He only took me on as an excuse to stay. I expected your father to send us to Tsocathlan. You’re trying to bolster my confidence as you always do.’
‘You have talent and it will improve given time and tutoring. Father was terrified I’d go to Tsocathlan and never come back, perhaps I should have.’
‘My talent is nothing like yours Salbeath, and Halent knew it.’
‘This was my first real test as queen and I failed; most of Ranal is in ruins and its people dead.’
‘There are many who got away before Halent’s army arrived. Once it’s safe again they’ll come back.’
‘I hope so. Kena found the family’s jewels; I’ll sell them to rebuild Ranal if I need too, but there is so much wasted gold decorating the castle now, I may not have to? First, we need food and shelter. The food stores are low ‒ the soldiers took everything. We’ll struggle to make it through the winter and Tsocathlan is in no position to help.’
‘But who will buy your jewels and gold, and where can we buy food?’
‘Tarn, Ranal has survived famines and sickness before and perhaps Plenth can help and buy the jewels in exchange for food and medicine?’
‘Sickness always comes with famine as if cold and hunger weren’t enough.’
‘We’ll survive Tarn. Check with Fiane.’

Kena came with the wine and shooed Tarn away as if he was still the stable-boy.
After he’d left Salbeath told her Lady-In-Waiting. ‘Kena, Tarn is an acolyte, and someday he’ll be a man of status.’
‘He’s still a man and should not be in your bedchamber without a witness.’
‘Tarn’s like a brother.’
‘I know why Halent punished him. It was wrong, a horrible thing to do to a rival. For all his scars Tarn is still too handsome.’
‘Halent drove him to his worst. He manipulated him and manipulated me.’
Kena sat, her eyes showing the fear she’d ignored for days. ‘Is he really gone?’
‘I doubt for forever which means I must learn how to stop him if he turns up again. Now we have other problems. First, win this war and then rebuild Ranal and Braystone. At least we have the castle intact. I’ve never been to Braystone but I hear little is left after that battle. I learned a great deal from Halent and the first rule is to trust nobody. I lost my innocence.’
Kena remade Salbeath’s crumbled bed. Her face was hidden but her back showed disapproval. ‘What is wrong Kena? Sit down and tell me.’
‘You seemed happy with Halent towards the end.’
‘Did I? In my heart, Clent was always my husband.’
‘Halent wasn’t completely evil.’
‘How can you say that after what he did? He killed thousands in his stupid wars.’
‘He changed after you came.’
‘I suppose he did. You believe I cared for him?’
‘You need to ask yourself that, I can’t tell you,’ said Kena, with her usual wisdom. ‘Clent will wonder too especially when the stories about you and Halent spread. There’s always one gossip that’ll be happy to make trouble.’
‘I pitied him Kena.’
‘You were always keen to get into bed with him. Was that pity too?’
‘It was part of his manipulation so don’t judge me so harshly. He did the same to Tarn or tried to drive him crazy because I’ve always cared for him and he for me. And payback too for the time Tarn hid me. So please be nice to Tarn.’
‘I wondered?’
‘Nothing happened. I lost my virginity on horseback, and not to Tarn.’
Kena reddened, ‘I shouldn’t be sitting here there’s much to do. I’m criticising the queen and you could have me executed.’
Salbeath laughed, ‘I suppose I could, but as we are friends that will never happen. I realise there will be changes to our relationships but only in public.’
Kena’s mind was still on Tarn, ‘You didn’t play with any of the other children.’
‘Kena, I’ve never been ladylike. Can you imagine Jenla, or Cramea, crawling through the old tunnels, even Cramea’s brother Jale, was far too nice. Tarn became my friend because we liked doing the same things and competing. It was a relief when Fiane saw his potential. I hurt him and regret the pain I’ve caused him. I knew a long time ago that I should have stopped our too close relationship. And because I’ve been unfair to him is the reason you should be kinder to him.’
‘I’ll try and you must try to sleep. Here,’ she poured wine from the jug, ‘this should help, and there’s precious little left. A precious little left of anything. When you wake up put on a dress? Something respectable, not Halent’s idea of one.’
‘Don’t throw them away or make them into anything, I may wear them for Clent.’ She added mischievously.
Kena sniffed with disapproval and left the room.

When she woke up, she found Tarn had brought Natalie, and Maran, back to help an exhausted Kena. 
‘Why was I left to sleep so long? I said a few hours.’
‘The wars not restarted yet,’ Natalie barked back at her, ‘Thea said you’ll light the beacon on the roof when you want him to attack in force.’
‘It is nearly light we should be ready now.’
‘We are and your bath is ready too.’
Salbeath jumped out of bed, ‘No,’ she said, seeing a dress laid out ready. ‘Something more practical, ladies we are in a war, worry about what I wear later when we’ve won. And stop the obsession with bathing every day; we are still at war.  Maran, get Pen’s old clothes.’
Maran nodded.
Salbeath dressed with no help from her silent women, they knew better than to upset her in this rare mood. ‘Is Tarn available? If he is I’d like to see him.’

‘Tarn, you are the wizard it’s up to you to light the beacon.’ She was angry or was it worry about possible failure?
‘I’m an acolyte and I don’t make such important decisions,’ he said evenly, his own temper rising.
‘What’s wrong with you we are fighting for our existence and you leave me to sleep until it’s nearly light.’ she suppressed an urge to scream.
‘I’ll go now Salbeath,’ he gripped her arms and pulled her to him. ‘Hush,’ he said as everyone watched them. ‘I’ll light the beacon soon, it’s not light yet. Eat something; it’ll be a long day.’
‘You should have woke me?’ she repeated but without heat.
‘I suggested it but I’m no match for your ladies,’ he joked.
‘He did and we wanted you to sleep longer as it was still dark.’ Natalie agreed.
‘Our plan is to attack with the sun behind us so little will happen until it’s higher,’ Tarn let go.
She calmed and apologised.

Suena served her tea. Salbeath saw Natalie give her daughter a strange look. After breakfast, Natalie, escorted Salbeath, to her appointment with Captain Zyle, and spoke to her about Suena.
‘Suena has hardly said a word since Halent’s disappearance, and I can’t get her to eat, and I don’t think she’s slept.’
‘She looks pale
‘If only Halent had the sense to love someone like her and not me. He didn’t realise you can’t force love ‒ a fault many men have.’
‘I suppose after two husbands you might be considered an expert Salbeath,’ Natalie said sarcastically. ‘I couldn’t have borne that monster with my daughter. It was bad enough seeing you, but you are…’
‘Why am I different to your daughter Natalie?’ Salbeath was intrigued.
Natalie shrugged. ‘Even as a child you were independent we tried to control you and you rarely argued to our faces. But you disappeared on your adventures and your father was as bad an influence as young Tarn, and I mean no disrespect to an excellent man.’
‘My father understood. I wasn’t happy sewing or learning to make pickles; my mother had few skills that way too.’
‘I suppose adepts are not the same as the rest of us.’

The handsome Captain Zyle bowed low to his queen. She glanced at Natalie; he was unmarried and a suitable catch for her daughter and an excellent cure for Halent.
‘Please Captain, I’m still the woman I was last night and until we take back Ranal I can’t call myself its queen.’
Zyle smiled at her light tone. He’d been up-all-night urging the men to hold their positions.
‘Are we holding as planned?’
‘The barricades hold. There are skirmishes inside the old town, and most of Finhorn’s troops are where we want them, between the old walls and the new. I’ve interesting intelligence, many of his men would prefer to join our army and others will desert and ask for forgiveness.’
‘Interesting ‒ we’ll accept them. Those in charge took part in terrible atrocities and I’m determined they’ll not get away with that. Zyle, if you are happy with our position here then I’ll go back to Thea, and help him with the charge.’

She found Tarn, with Thea. Every man but Tarn dropped to his knees.
‘Please get up; we have a great deal to do.’ Tarn and Thea smiled. ‘Has Tarn told you the news? Halent's men in the city are falling apart and many want to desert.’
‘Not unexpected,’ agreed Thea, ‘most were forced to serve in his army, and are only here because they were afraid to refuse.’
‘I’ll spend time until we are ready to attack talking to as many of our men as I can.’

The men cheered her as Tarn escorted her. He knew how much she hated this but as queen, she would have to get used to it. He watched her enact with them. Those unwell she sent to the supply area where they could get help. She acted as if she had been queen for years. She had a thousand years of breeding to draw on but so had Cara and Cele. He felt as insecure as ever and the gap between them widened again. She looked so lovely even in Pen’s old clothes that he felt a lump rise into his throat. He saw too that he wasn’t the only one moved by her beauty and her strong, caring attitude. Many men hardened by years of wars and struggle for survival broke down into tears when they looked at her. They’d win this war and this battle would be remembered long after Ranal had fallen to dust. He would be the one to write the story for the future.

Thea sent for her. ‘Your Majesty, the intelligence was correct a hundred men have already deserted and we may not have to fight.’
‘By the grace of The Spirits, I hope so.’ She turned to Tarn and caught him off guard as he looked at her in a way that stirred her pity. Soon they had to part and their once close friendship would be a sweet and sometimes painful memory.
As Thea predicted, it never came to a fight.  More men surrendered and three generals. The more men deserted the more wanted to. Salbeath insisted on speaking to the officers, asking them for the whereabouts of Halent’s cruellest generals determined that they wouldn’t escape. But no one could tell her and Salbeath knew if they lied.
Logistically the surrender was as hard as a battle; there were more prisoners than soldiers. Ranal was surrounded by Thea’s troops. There was no escape, the only way out was the deep labyrinth. And there was no way out of that without an adept with the spell. 
Salbeath knew the faces of the men she wanted to find. She told Thea she wanted to look at each prisoner’s face before any were set free.

The city was at last empty of enemy soldiers and Salbeath walked through the ruined main gates and claimed back her territory. It was not a happy homecoming ‒ many houses and businesses were nothing more than blackened stumps, and you could smell the trapped corpses as well as the rancid smell of smoke.
Thea walked beside her. ‘We’ll use the prisoners for the clean-up,’ he suggested. ‘It went better than we hoped.’
‘Did it Thea? We came too late and so many died and I can’t call it a victory.’
‘I agree we lost far too many civilians but those left are free.’
‘You are trying to help but I’m heartsore and I want Finhorn and the other generals to pay.’



































Chapter 21


They celebrated that night although rations were short. Salbeath appeared to join in but many understood she grieved. Not only for those she’d failed to save in Ranal but for her father and brothers. And although many years had passed since Basila died, for her mother too.
Tomorrow they’d clear the rubble and burn the bodies identifying those they could and keeping records of the unknown. Finhorn was still missing but couldn’t escape.
Salbeath didn’t murmur when Natalie and Kena chose a white dress to wear for the celebration, it was one of Halents but Suena found an underskirt. However, she refused to wear Halent’s costly jewellery just her mother’s wedding ring, and a strand of pale-coloured stones her father had given her years ago. She thought of Clent who had no jewellery to give to her.

Salbeath left the party early explaining she was tired but in reality she was miserable. Worried about Clent, who’d find it difficult chasing Halent’s other army to Plenth. Last night Fiane reported everything was fine and she resisted calling him again. Maran waited to see her to bed and she climbed into clean, crisp sheets, and soon fell asleep. She dreamt Halent made love to her and even in the dream she imagined guilt and woke. She saw from the firelight she wasn’t alone and that she had a knife held to her throat.
‘By The Spirits, what a shame I have to kill you,’ Finhorn, looked at her naked body, in her dream Salbeath had thrown the bedclothes on the floor. ‘I watched your performance and imagined you awake. Even that bloodless devil couldn’t get enough of you. So just once before I slit your throat.’ He stuck the knife tip into her neck; Salbeath felt pain and a wet trickle. He ran his other hand down her body and moved to get between her legs. His attention wavered giving Salbeath time to reach for the knife under her pillow. He gasped as she shoved the blade below his ribs and into his heart; she saw the surprise in his eyes before he fell onto her. As if it was something foul, she pushed the body off her.
Salbeath wanted to scream but couldn’t, just whisper Maran and then shouted her name. Salbeath frightened for her nurse rushed into the tiny room where Maran slept. Maran lay on the floor with her throat cut. Salbeath screamed in anguish and then knelt beside the body and wept.

Kena and Natalie took Salbeath to Halent’s room. She was in shock and not because of Finhorn, but because Maran lay dead. Natalie washed the blood away. Kena made up a sleeping-draught but Salbeath refused it.
‘Not yet, please find me a dressing gown. I want to go back to my rooms.’
‘Salbeath please,’ Kena started and then stopped, the look on Salbeath’s face meant no arguments.
‘A gown Lady Kena, I’ve no wish to walk the corridors in a bloody sheet again, get one of Halents.’ It smelt of him and that made him human.

Maran’s body lay on her bed wrapped in a sheet.
Tarn looked at Finhorn’s body ‒ something wasn’t right.
‘Natalie, please leave Tarn and I alone?’
For once, no one argued it wasn’t protocol to be alone with Tarn.
‘That knife would’ve missed his heart from the angle I pushed it in, it’s too short. So I didn’t kill him but needed another strike,’ she removed the knife, ‘only a good wizard can kill a man from a distance.’
‘It wasn’t me, could you Salbeath?’
She shook her head, ‘I’ve never tried.’
‘Who gave you the knife?’
‘Halent, he said I’d need it one day and to keep it under the pillow.’ She didn’t tell Tarn the details. ‘Finhorn knew the ways through the tunnels in the lower part of the castle as most do but not how to use the labyrinth. But unless he out-manoeuvred every guard in the castle that has to be the way he got in here?’
‘Are you saying this is Halent's work and that he led him here and helped you kill him?’
‘Who else? I hoped I’d get my old life back with Clent. Now there’s no going back.’
‘I agree.’

Thea knocked and asked if he might enter. Salbeath told him what happened.
Thea believed her and they saw fear in his eyes. Halent was more than an enemy. He was a powerful adept who’d consumed the general’s family’s lands to the South in old Calish, when he was a young man, killing most of his family and friends. He’d made his way to Ranal and safety, weary and frightened, a long time ago. Basila healed him.
Halent wasn’t gone but still able to touch this world. It was beyond his comprehension, but he trusted Salbeath, as Basila’s daughter.
‘No mention of this to the others please, Thea.’
‘Agreed, we need everyone to believe he's gone. I’ll keep the original story; you killed him before he killed you.’ Thea’s face was ashen.
‘Halent’s memory must fade Thea, or he’ll regain power and come back.’ Thea understood and nodded. ‘We’ll bury my dear Maran in the family plot near the rose garden.’

Salbeath put her hand up to where the knife cut her throat. Frightened she ran to the mirror in the dressing room, no cut, and no blood. She walked back into her room. Tarn and Thea stared at her; she didn’t explain but dismissed them. Then changed her mind and called Tarn back.
‘I want to see Maran again, Tarn, help me?’

He led to way into Maran’s small room, where she lay on her narrow bed covered in a shroud. He pulled back the sheet to see her face. Maran looked old; she had to be for she’d looked after her mother before her. Salbeath had forgotten Maran was a citizen of Tsocathlan, not Ranal. Tarn covered up her face again and led Salbeath back to her white-faced ladies. She accepted the draught to help her sleep.

The next day Tarn found Salbeath in the rose garden.
‘Why didn’t he slit your throat as you slept as he did Maran?’
Salbeath blushed and looked away. ‘I dreamt about Halent and he must have been watching.’
‘I understand,’ Tarn blushed too and looked worried, ‘but are you sure it was a dream?’
‘Don’t suggest that ‒ I’m trying not to remember it. I’m scared Halent’s not secure. I need my son Pen, but I can’t leave here.’
‘Then let me go for him? I’ll take soldiers for extra protection.’
Salbeath looked relieved. ‘Thank you, but you must be as exhausted as the rest of us?’ Tarn smiled. ‘Ask Thea, he’ll arrange the guards.’
‘He’s having trouble with what you said last night. He says it’s beyond a simple soldier.’
‘It’s beyond a simple queen too. I’m frightened,‒ I thought it was finished.’
‘It was too easy; this is still part of his game.’
‘Yes, too easy I’m thinking that too. I’d be safer with Pen here. I want a normal life and my husband in my bed. Not something that isn’t human, no matter how…’ She turned away.
‘I’ll find Thea, and set off as soon as I can,’ Tarn’s feelings tore at his heart.
‘I don’t know how I will cope without Maran, after what we went through together and she dies this awful way.’

She still looked pale as she entered Thea’s office.
‘I’ve organised a hundred of our best men to go with Tarn, they will be ready to move soon.’
‘Thank you, Thea.’
Thea only had water to offer Salbeath. ‘Maran helped bring me up; I loved her like a mother.’
‘I know you for a fearless warrior and that it’s not just grief that gives you that pallor and the hunted look in your eyes. I’m a soldier, not a wizard, but I’ve known you all your life. You are worried Halent is back and that he killed Finhorn?’
‘Yes,’ Salbeath admitted.
‘Although Halent was a demon and supposedly not capable of love, from what I’ve heard he loved you and that made him a better…’
‘Man, Halent a man? I’m not sure what he is and yes I’m frightened. I want to rebuild Ranal, and Braystone, and then your home Calish, and all The Six Kingdoms. Who else killed Finhorn? My knife didn’t reach his heart. I’m terrified Halent can leave The Spirit World and be whatever form he wishes. I’m afraid I’ll never lead a normal life and one day his dreams will be my reality, and not those I wish for The Six Kingdoms, and all its peoples?’
‘Pray to him; beg that if he loves you to leave us in peace. When a man loves a woman he’ll sacrifice anything to make her happy.’
‘You call yourself a simple soldier - no; you are as wise as any wizard. I might do as you suggest ‒ it can’t hurt to try.’







Chapter 22


Clent was grateful for the Plenth guides; he doubted they would have made it through the desert alive without knowing where the infrequent water holes lay. The guides believed Plenth traitors guided the enemy or they wouldn’t have taken the route via the water sources. He worried about Salbeath believing her task harder than his. The sun was hot even in the early and late times of day when they travelled to avoid the worst of the heat. The rhythm of the ride often sent him into a semi-daze. Only when his horse missed a step or someone spoke to him he’d realise where he was. Fiane sent a good acolyte for messages, he assured him Salbeath was safe and Ranal in their hands. Fendal had reluctantly agreed to marry a daughter of the present ruler to cement their alliance.
The ambassador from Plenth rode next to Clent and Fendal. He understood why Clent was distracted. As a Plenth, he thrived on gossip and hearsay. ‘Your Majesty,’ he opened, as usual giving Clent the full title he wasn’t entitled to. Clent never argued the Plenth people respected titles. ‘We’ll stop at the next waterhole for the worst heat of the day it’s only a short ride.’
‘Thank you Konesh.’
‘Are things well with your esteemed wife, the queen.’
‘Yes, fine.’
‘Sad you are here and not on your way to Ranal.’
‘Yes, excuse me I must talk with the adept,’ Weary of the man’s questions he made an excuse to move away.
‘Poor man,’ Konesh turned his questions to Fendal. ‘The queen is a great beauty; no wonder the wizard stole her.’
‘It doesn’t help if we keep reminding him. He’s sacrificed much to go to Plenth’s aid.’
‘I’m sorry if I give offence.’
‘We have different ways Konesh, our men keep their feelings deep, and duty comes first with both men and women.’

A few days later, they rode out of the desert to gaze upon the sudden green of the great rivers and rich plains of Plenth. The city, although still many miles distant, looked vast. It was many times larger than Tsocathlan and Ranal. Gold-topped towers shone in the strong sun, they shielded their eyes against the brightness. Halent’s army camped around the walls but the size of the city defeated them. Konesh pulled out his spyglass and looked at the army camped below.
Now Clent realised why he’d no fear of the fight ahead; an army a hundred times the size of Halents couldn’t defeat Plenth. These deluded men hoping for plunder were an inconvenience nothing more. It’d be different if Halent were here. He could’ve gone with Salbeath; his troops would’ve obeyed Fendal. Salbeath was so sure he should come here because she wanted to protect him in case Halent appeared back at Ranal. No matter her reasoning, he was angry and strove to control his temper.
Konesh passed his spyglass over to Fendal, ‘They’ve tried to attack the walls at just one point.’ Fendal saw the pale bodies of the men of Six Kingdoms. ‘They were beaten back, and can’t retrieve the bodies. They have twice the men we have.’
Konesh pulled out a shiny disc from a soft pouch, caught the sunrays, and signalled. Shortly afterwards he received a reply the same way.
‘The twelve gateways are opening and our soldiers will march out as we march over there,’ he pointed to two hills, ‘and block their retreat.’
‘What’s on the other side?’ asked Clent.
‘Nothing but cold impassable mountains and endless desert even we do not cross. There is no water. May I suggest we hurry to organise your lines?’
‘Since Halent is no longer here to help his troops, I can’t see why our trip was necessary Konesh?’ Furious, Clent kept his tongue in check.
‘On the contrary, we are grateful for your help,’ Konesh assured him.
Clent’s eyes narrowed. He wasn’t the only one who didn’t trust the Plenth. There were many phases in the common language of the Six Kingdoms about them and their less than honest natures. He was here for a warning, the Plenth would wage war on their lands, and the only thing that stopped them was Calupina and the famed Tsocathlan adepts.
‘We owe you a great deal; especially for the wheat and food caravans,’ added Fendal, who was a better diplomat than Clent.
‘It has always been our emperor’s wish we become allies and both prosper by trading together,’ insisted Konesh.
‘Your people have a great fondness for gold and jewels, not only on their persons but on your architecture too?’ suggested Clent.
‘Yes, and as your lands are rich in both we will exchange more food and other goods for them. You could mine more, at present, you have only small operations.’
‘Is that what this is about?’ asked Clent. ‘Now Halent is gone you might come and help yourself.’
Konesh looked indignant at such a suggestion. ‘We have surplus food and will trade and be friends, besides we Plenth are reluctant to leave our fair lands for…’
‘Our barbaric cities?’ suggested Clent and then laughed.
Konesh saw only the surface meaning behind Clent’s sudden change of mood and smiled back. ‘I mean to say we are a people who prefer their families close.’
It didn’t fool either general, Fendal and Clent understood Plenth needed the lands to the South to feed its ever-growing populations.

Clent and Fendal lost a few men. Halent’s army was annihilated.
The Plenth took no prisoners and killed everyone. Soon piles of bodies were thrown into deep pits; lime was thrown in after each layer and then covered with a deep topping of earth. Clent and Fendal watched with trepidation at the cold-blooded murder. Many of these men hadn’t chosen to fight for Halent but were forced to and once defeated many would’ve changed sides.

The main city of Plenth was even more dazzling close up. Great buildings several stories high rose behind thick walls. Large, shady trees overhung the streets suggesting hidden green gardens behind and they gave shade to the hot streets. The people looked prosperous, no beggars, but half-naked women peddled their trade in the streets. Very different from the Six Kingdoms where most prostitutes worked from their own premises or from the taverns. 
Fendal enjoyed the sights and wondered about his promised bride. ‘Hope my Hermonie is half as pretty,’ he said smiling.
Clent smiled back, ‘I hope so Fendal, but remember there’s more to a woman than a pretty face. You might think that is a ridiculous statement from me. But I’m happy with Salbeath and long to see her and my son again, and I wish you the same joy.’
‘Clent, you are a good general but you should leave the diplomacy to me, and when you get back to Ranal get your wife to teach you better manners?’
‘Am I wrong about Plenth?’
‘No.’
‘I lived in caves for many years, not a comfortable palace as you and Salbeath. If I had I too might have been a diplomat?’
‘I doubt it, you are right to be wary but for now, my grandmother terrifies them. I love to watch their faces as the mountains open to let us pass.’
‘Watch mine too, I’m not comfortable either.’

The emperor’s palace defied description; the outer walls covered in fine mosaics and precious stones. It dazzled them at first but it didn’t take long to realise that Tsocathlan was far more beautiful.
Their entourage led them to scrumptious apartments, but only after they saw their men had comfortable barracks and were safe. They cleaned up before meeting the emperor. At first, they found the luxury and rules amusing, smiling at each other as they followed the many escorts to their rooms. They walked along endless marble corridors full of precious artefacts and up and down grand staircases. As soon as they changed clothes and ate, they traipsed back along the same corridors and stairs to meet the man who had power over this.

Konesh met them in the anteroom and explained how to meet the emperor. He was lavishly dressed, the simple clothes he wore in Tsocathlan replaced by ones of fine fabrics. Konesh explained as princes by birthright they could remain standing.
If they expected this august person to be as ornate as Konesh or his palace, they were disappointed. True his jewellery was magnificent and yet not overdone. His dress was simple; he wore trousers in fine gold brocade and his torso bare like his guards as if he were proud of his body. Pan Alane was much younger than they’d imagined, he’d replaced his father, Bal Inat, a few years ago.
Fendal bowed to his waist while Clent nodded his head. Konesh fell to his knees and grovelled on the floor, Pan Alane ignored him. He moved off his silken couch and came closer. He looked at Konesh still on his knees and continued to disregard him.
‘Welcome King Clent and Prince Fendal, welcome to my home. I have heard so much about you from the ambassadors we sent to Tsocathlan. The journey here is hard. I hope your apartments are comfortable. If you need anything Konesh will arrange it. I will see you at dinner when we can talk in more detail.’ He gave a similar bow to Clents.
It annoyed Clent, but Fendal admired his style if not his content. Konesh, still on the floor, backed out as Pan Alane returned to his couch. They followed him out.

Their apartments were as lavish as the rest of the palace, even the sunken bath was big enough for several people, and they soon found out why. They were used to the comfort of the bathrooms at Tsocathlan, and Clent slid down relishing being clean again. However, he was mortified when three naked girls climbed in and started to, not just wash, but fondle him.
He kept pushing their hands away and saying no. But they didn’t speak the same language. Getting out with difficulty, he found a towel and shouted for Konesh. The girls were terrified.
Konesh arrived looking worried. ‘I don’t want these girls,’ insisted Clent.
Konesh looked puzzled, ‘Boys?’
‘No, I have a wife.’
‘We all have wives Majesty and if mine objected to my slave girls I would divorce her. Our customs differ…’
‘I love my wife. The girls are frightened, tell them it’s not their fault, your women are beautiful, but I only want Salbeath.’
‘I understand the love of a wizard must be beyond other women.’ He spoke in Plenth and the girls ran out.

They only had a few hours’ sleep before being dressed in borrowed finery, far too bright for their taste and led to meet Pan Alane again.
‘Did you partake of Plenth’s pleasures?’ Fendal asked Clent grinning, ‘I did, but I bet you sent them away.’ He didn’t wait for an answer, ‘Clent, Salbeath is miles away and let’s face it you have been going without a long time.’
‘If you loved as I do Fendal you’d understand.’
‘I hope one day I’ll be as much in love as you. My parents are but that is rare in our circles. I hope I like my princess.’
They were shown into a sitting room and not long after Pan Alane entered. He dismissed the guards.
‘Come sit,’ he invited. His command of their language was a surprise and far better than any of the ambassadors sent to Tsocathlan. ‘Better we are alone, even the most trusted friend may be bought and gossip means money in Plenth. I expect it’s the same in the Six Kingdoms and Tsocathlan? Although I’ve heard you sort out your differences with the sword, not by commerce and treaties.’
Fendal did not deny or agree with Pan Alane but replied. ‘We’re grateful for the supplies you send us eminence. As we couldn’t plant the plains we might have starved. Is it possible we might continue the caravans until we can harvest? We’ve planted but it was late and the yield will be smaller than usual.’
‘I’ll instruct it is done. Your payments in gold, precious minerals and stones have always been prompt.’
‘We value food more than jewels, Your Eminence,’ Clent insisted, ‘we have to rebuild our ruined cities; plant crops and increase our livestock.’
‘I understand your needs. Plenth has not always been prosperous. My great-great-grandfather forced Plenth to become rich and successful. Once this area was the domain of many arguing warlords, and because of constant war people starved. As my father educated me he stressed, we must never return to such chaos. I wish to expand our trade routes and offer you whatever you might need. Later we can sell you other goods, fabrics, worked jewellery, and slaves, to our mutual advantage.’
‘Majesty,’ said Clent, too sharply, ‘there are no slaves in our lands.’
‘Forgive if I offend, King Clent,’ from the look in his eyes, he had heard about Clent’s experience with the slave girls. ‘I remember hearing this,’ he looked puzzled.
Fendal tried to explain. ‘Majesty, we have servants as you do slaves. We don’t own them, they are free men and women and are not only clothed and fed, but most are also paid money too. They can become rich and retire wealthy men, even rise to become nobles.’ Pan Alane’s face lost its studied urbanity; he looked shocked and shook his head.
‘Once we’ve rebuilt, you might visit not only Tsocathlan but the other kingdoms too?’ Clent offered, trying to be diplomatic.
‘Alas, it is my fate never to leave these lands, a sensible law,’ he saw the humour in the reasoning for this. ‘While I am away a member of my family might try to usurp me, but I will send my sons to add to their education. Prince Fendal, your bride is waiting to meet you. I have arranged the wedding for three days hence.’
‘Thank you, Your Eminence,’ Fendal was disturbed by the swiftness of the wedding but managed not to show it. It was urgent they hurried back to Tsocathlan but he wanted to look around Plenth, for like Clent, he didn’t trust them. ‘Another wedding will be performed in Tsocathlan,’ Fendal smiled his diplomat smile. ‘A celebration for the people as is our tradition. I wish we could stay longer but our duties call us back.’
Pan Alane nodded. ‘And you understand we must have a marriage here first.’ It was as if he sensed the reluctance in Fendal to marry a woman he’d never met. ‘Prince Clent, we have heard much of your wife, the reports say she is beautiful, fights like a man, and breeds easily. I hope the same for Hermonie, but our women do not fight ‒ she would be terrified.’
‘It’s not compulsory,’ answered Clent, ‘only those who wish to train in arms and they are usually ladies of rank.’
‘I hear too that she is a witch,’ his face was blank as he said this, but Clent knew he hid fear so made more of it. 
‘Yes, she’s from a long line of those blessed with supernatural powers. Salbeath is the natural successor to Calupina. As you find with your own adepts and wizards they live much longer than the average span.’
Pan Alane smiled as if agreeing, but both Fendal and Clent were now certain Plenth had no adepts. Perhaps they killed them off in an ancient war, or by peers frightened of them. They concluded that, if anyone had special talents they didn’t seek to improve them but kept quiet. They resisted looking at the other to confirm their ideas. Their lands were safe from invasion for as long as a powerful adept lived in Tsocathlan.
‘Now for Hermonie,’ Pan Alane shouted something intelligible. The little Plenth they’d learned proved useless. ‘She is a fine girl and has been taught your language and the skills necessary for a wife to keep her husband happy. Our royal women are separated from men, even brothers, who at five leave the harem to become men. Her mother is my first wife. I have many other children, many concubines and slave girls too. Only a full princess is suitable for the future King of Tsocathlan and I know from your customs you will treat her well.’
There was a knock at the door, Pan Alane shouted again and two women entered. The older had a thin shawl above the traditional sarong, but the younger had bare breasts like most of the women they’d seen. Fendal blushed. Hermonie was tiny and pretty, her dark skin glowed with oils and her long, black hair tied back with fresh flowers. From the look in her large, brown eyes she was frightened.
‘My first wife Sheena, and Hermonie my eldest royal daughter.’ The women bowed. ‘My wife and daughter, this is Prince Fendal of Tsocathlan and King Clent of Braystone. Everyone but Pan Alane bowed again. Hermonie shook with terror unable to look at the strange, foreign men. Queen Sheena did not say a word but at a nod from her husband left with her daughter.
‘As you can see she is a shy girl. I will ask my queen to bring her to see you again tomorrow. I must explain our official banquets are long and no-one may sleep in the Emperor’s presence,’ he gave a snake smile as if he enjoyed the possibility of a foreign prince doing so. ‘Those who do so are beheaded so I suggest you do not drink the wine, it would prove difficult for me if either of you were to fall asleep.’
‘Thank you for the warning eminence,’ said Clent, ‘the last thing we want is another war, if anything were to happen to me my wife would be very unhappy.’
It was a threat but Fendal agreed with Clent, the more he saw of Pan Alane the less he liked him. They must keep the Plenth frightened of “witches”, and remind them that Salbeath defeated Halent.























Chapter 23


While Salbeath waited for Tarn to return with Pen, she kept busy dealing with the thousands of prisoners. After the first interrogation with one of her officers, each man had to present his documents if he had any, and stand before Salbeath. Then she’d decide whether they’d be freed and return to their own lands, or be imprisoned or executed. They were terrified of her and she did nothing to reassure them. This beautiful queen had defeated the equally handsome Halent, so in their minds, she was his successor.
Three baskets were set in front of Salbeath for the judgement, if freed the papers went into one, imprisoned another, and for death the third. The generals were hanged except for one. The one spared, Clondal, was with Halent only to save his family and found no pleasure in cruelty or useless slaughter. He cried when his papers landed in the basket to be freed, swearing when he’d found his wife they’d come back, serve Salbeath and help rebuild Ranal.

She took no delight in sending anyone to death. But she daren’t risk letting evil men build another army or Ranal might have to fight again. All she wanted for their future was peace. Food was short and they needed to disperse Halent’s army so they’d go home and fend for themselves. Thea shared her distaste but her motives were sound and he applauded her logic. In the past, most prisoners would have been executed and their bodies burned, but thanks to Salbeath’s gifts, it was no longer necessary. Many in Halent’s army were there under sufferance. Enough had died; it was time to rebuild the Six Kingdoms. It would take many years to do so, and if she, Clent, and her Tsocathlan cousins were the only surviving royals, then it would be their offspring who’d start new dynasties.

Salbeath worked without rest and Thea never left her side until the dark came. Then he escorted her back to the castle, past the gallows and through the empty city to the castle. She was exhausted from the emotion and let her anxious women feed, bathe and put her to bed. But she got little sleep for she saw the faces of those men she’d judged.

On the last day, Halent’s once great army was reduced to a few hundred pathetic and disheartened men. 
Thea worried about Salbeath. She hid away, not in her old room, which held too many memories, but in Halent's rooms. She hated the way he’d changed her father’s apartments. The portrait of her mother offered her comfort, Halent hadn’t given it back to her as he promised. Instead of leaving Salbeath at the door, the general asked to come in, her ladies withdrew except for Natalie.
‘Salbeath, this is a time of celebration but you hide away every night.’
‘Thea, I realise what victory means and I am drained by thinking what was destroyed and how we’ll rebuild.’
‘When is Tarn due back with Pen?’
‘They are leaving soon. I hope my husband won’t be far behind and then I can start my life again.’
Natalie came over as if to help support her. ‘Sit, or you will fall, you too General Thea. There’s no wine but I’ve found fruit liqueurs in the cellars, they are old but still drinkable. I will ask Kena to bring a bottle.’
They were too tired to argue and let Natalie and Kena fuss. Satisfied they were comfortable, Kena disappeared into the bathroom to organise Salbeath’s bath.
‘She thinks if she keeps washing me I’ll feel better,’ Salbeath smiled, ‘she’s right I do. Now we are finished with this awful war will you find your family?’
‘Yes, I’m sure I’ll find some alive. Then I’ll reclaim my lands and find a trusted member of my old household to manage them. With your permission, I’d like to bring my family back to Ranal until Calish is rebuilt. But I’ll not go until your husband arrives to take over my duties, you have enough to do.’
‘I’m very grateful for the way you conduct the army and I’ve much more to do here. Clent has contacts who will arrange for grain and dried foodstuffs to be sent from Plenth. I hope we find enough precious jewels to pay for them, if not for Halent’s obsession with gold we’d never find enough. Kena is collecting those jewels we have, even following up the old stories of hidden treasure,’ Salbeath laughed. ‘She’s found lots of things hidden in all kinds of places. I think she’s enjoying the official snoop.’ Thea smiled too, imagining the aristocratic Lady Kena looking behind loose stones in the cellars. ‘My grandmother is coming with Pen?’
‘Excellent, she’ll be of great help.’
‘Perhaps she’ll help you sleep again,’ Natalie interrupted, to say the bath was ready.
Salbeath kept hidden, she was too scared to sleep because of the faces of the men she’d condemned to death. In addition, that Halent would visit her again and that terrified her more than the pain of killing evil men.

Tarn and his guards reached Tsocathlan in record time and without incident. He still found it hard to contact Salbeath from this distance without help.
Calupina sent for him. ‘Salbeath sends you a message Tarn, she says you are worried and calls to reassure you. We must work hard to improve your skills.’ It sounded as if Calupina offered to guide him but he didn’t ask. Calupina smiled, she heard his thoughts but chose not to answer the question. ‘She’s confided the story of General Finhorn’s strange murder; the creature protects her even from The Spirit World.’
‘That’s why she asked me to come for Pen, she’s insecure without him.’
‘He’s a strange child, I’ve never been interested in small children even my own, but I’m content when I hold him.’
‘Is that why you’re coming back with us?’
‘I’d not thought of it until Pen suggested it. He said his mother was weary and Salbeath confirms it. After assessing every captured soldier for judgement, she’s tired. She’s a woman Tarn, and we find the destruction of life difficult, though her father trained her as a warrior. Salbeath says in combat it’s easier, but looking into men’s hearts and seeing what lives they’ve led and then condemning them to death is hard. Seeing the evil is worse than killing in battle, it haunts her. She didn’t ask, but I sense she wants me to hurry.’
‘You’ll take Brolan too?’
‘He wants his mother he tells me, but it won’t be easy to keep that bundle of energy happy on the journey. I’m glad I’m not one of his nursemaids. He won’t enjoy being jolted in the carts.’
‘He can sit in front of me if he will stay.’
‘Yes, if that will stop him from creating havoc. Pen is always so calm. Are you and the soldiers ready to leave?’
‘Our bags are packed.’
‘Good, tell the men I’ll send word to the stables to ready the horses.’

Everything about Plenth annoyed Clent. Fendal said because he missed Salbeath and his mood wouldn’t improve until he was back with his family. As for Fendal; he made no headway with Hermonie. He knew she could speak their language but she hadn’t said a word at their meetings, just gazed around looking bored. Plenth women were not like those in Tsocathlan, hopefully, once they were back there the Plenth princess might improve.

The wedding was lavish as expected. Clent watched remembering his own. Fendal was right; he hated this place. All he could think about was getting back to Salbeath. Here he had enough to eat and drink while his wife coped with the terrible aftermath of the war. They had to stay for another three days of feasts and ceremonies before Fendal could bed her. He had to keep his patience for they had much-needed food to take back with them.

Hermonie looked so tiny next to Fendal, covered from head to foot in veils so that nothing of her could be seen except tiny feet in gold sandals. She was a pretty enough girl but no Salbeath. Suranbe and Solt were still in love. Fendal’s mother wasn’t attractive unless she smiled and then the world brightened from the warmth of her spirit. He felt a sudden stab of severe depression. Salbeath was younger than he was and Calupina still looked captivating and he’d no idea how old she was. Perhaps Salbeath might be the same?
He wished Fendal happiness. He was a good man and deserved a wife as fine as his mother. It might take time for her to adapt but Suranbe would welcome the girl. No wonder she was frightened of leaving her mother and the rest of the women controlled by the autocratic Par Alane. He caught Fendal’s eye, Clent smiled to reassure him and then went back to thinking about his own wife.

To ease her nightmares, Salbeath put her energies into rebuilding Ranal so that those who’d survived had homes again instead of sheltering in the castle. It was overcrowded, being a soldier’s barracks and home for refugees and more came every day. It was surprising how many escaped to the hills before the last gate closed. Many brought livestock and Salbeath urged they shouldn’t be slaughtered for meat but put to mate and produce young. That meant meat was scarce so she sent soldiers to fish the plentiful rivers and streams to augment their diets.
Salbeath supervised the carts that collected useless rubble and took it into the hills to be stacked into mounds and covered with soil. Anything that could be used again put aside. Bodies were identified if possible, and if not buried with a description. Any valuables were listed and kept in case a relative might look for them. It was heartbreaking work, especially in the case of children. The dirt dug out for the mass graves was used to cover the blackened timber and other refuse that piled up outside the city. From the walls, you could see the hummocks growing. In time as the grass regrew and when the memories were less painful, Salbeath would turn it into a garden of remembrance. However, for now, it was a scar, a memory of terror. The remains of the enemy were buried away from the city, again in pits, but unmarked. Everyone able helped including Kena and Natalie, but not Suena who managed the ladies usual duties.
Salbeath was much stronger than anyone else including the men. She heard the whispering; it saddened and frightened her. It had to be her visits to The Spirit World. She longed to ask her son if the effect was permanent.  She prayed he’d answer her questions.

As ladies, Kena and Natalie were unused to such hard menial work and exhausted after a few hours. But they refused to give in until Salbeath sent them back to rest. Tomorrow Pen would arrive and he or her grandmother might help her sleep. Still, no word on Clent leaving Plenth for Tsocathlan and after that long and dangerous journey, he had another to Ranal. It might be weeks until he got here.
She stopped work, it was getting dark so she told everyone to finish and then walked back to the castle hoping a bath waited, she no longer told her women off for their obsession over her cleanliness. She wasn’t tired and that worried her too for after a day lifting large stones she ached nowhere. 
The bath was ready and she smiled as she lay there, not listening to what Suena said, and then she felt such intense pleasure she moaned aloud.
‘Lady, are you hurt?’ asked Suena, ‘shall I get one of the ladies?’
‘No, don’t disturb them, I was asleep and must have been dreaming. Can you ask Thea if he’d mind joining me for dinner here? It’s the only private place in the castle.’
‘Yes lady, we have game tonight and fish,’ she looked pleased they wouldn’t go hungry to bed.
‘Even better, soon we will have puddings. My grandmother comes with as much dried fruit and vegetables as Tsocathlan can spare and I know you like your puddings.’
Suena blushed.

At last, they were on the road back to Tsocathlan. Hermonie travelled with an enormous amount of baggage and servants and Fendal wasn’t in a good mood. He confided to Clent that his bride cried every time he went near her and the marriage wasn’t consummated. The more she rejected him the more he lost interest and he had no wish to force the girl. The start of their marriage was a disaster. Clent tried to make excuses for the girl but privately thought Fendal had a bad bargain in Hermonie.
‘Wait until you get home, your mother will calm her.’
‘She is calm; she’s cunning and understands what I’m saying to her but pretends she doesn’t. To be honest, my old “friend” may need to comfort me.’ Clent knew the kind widow, years older than Fendal with whom he’d had a long relationship. ‘If Briyl was young enough to bear children I’d marry her. She’d refuse, believing she’s not good and young enough. If only she had a daughter instead of two sons.’ He sounded miserable. ‘After that hysterical outburst on our official wedding night, by the gods, I wish my cousin was my wife and not yours, you are a lucky man.’
‘Salbeath and I have a good relationship when we are together but I’ve suffered so much without her, worse knowing she was with another man. I’m no Plenth, they think the more women they can bed the better. I never had a Briyl. I wasn’t a virgin when I met Salbeath but I’d abstained for many years. Women were hard to find and always belonged to someone else or weren’t “good” enough for a prince. One girl came close when I was very young, but she was a schemer and Sera told me how she boasted. I thought my heart would break. After that, I was shy about trusting anyone, and then I met a real princess and those long empty years had a reason, for once my life meant something. I long to see her again. The adept sent to help says she was successful, but there were too many lives lost. I should be there but Plenth dragged us here; they didn’t need us once Halent went. I wish I was a wizard and could talk to her first hand. I’m glad Calupina is travelling with Brolan and Pen, it’s safer.’
‘You’ll be there soon.’
‘I know.’
‘I’ll miss you Clent, you’ve become the brother Cele never could be. Imagine talking to him about Hermonie. I have to be careful in whom I confide. Clent, what if she doesn’t improve, I need an heir?’
‘Your mother and Calupina will help; she’ll frighten the girl into behaving.’
‘Coerce her, but I hope it’ll not come to that. I’m sorry Clent; you have enough troubles of your own.’
‘You are my brother too Fendal, if the girl won’t cooperate then you could get rid of her.’
‘You are joking; Pan Alane will expect me to force her.’
Clent agreed. ‘She may just be playing games?’ 
‘She is and I’m tired of it. I never imagined I’d be making a political marriage; just find a nice local girl as my father did. Apart from Ranal, we are isolated and Brolan wasn’t looking in our direction for a husband for my cousin. I’ve been forced into this. I’m jealous you have Salbeath.’
Clent wasn’t angry. ‘I prefer my wife to yours,’ he laughed. ‘But I envy you your mother, all I remember of mine is her hands, I try to see her face but it’s a blur. I was eleven when I last saw her; she was pretty and gentle like Suranbe. I missed her and cried when I went to Ranal.’
‘One day our sons might swap places if I ever have one.’
‘You will and I want to raise my own sons and not yours, never again.’
‘Oh no look who’s coming, she’s sent her servant to ask for something else. Why must she keep complaining as if I can stop the hot winds?’ Then Fendal laughed and Clent joined him. ‘By The Spirits, if I don’t have children by her, I’ll find someone who will and then I can accuse her of being barren and get rid of her.’

Thea and Salbeath rode out to meet the party from Tsocathlan. She hugged her grandmother and tried to do the same to Brolan but he squirmed to go back to his nurse. Pen just waited in his wet-nurse’s arms until his mother took hold of him. When she did, his thoughts caressed her mind and Salbeath felt calmer and more positive. Calupina noticed that he communicated differently with his mother than with her.
Tarn stood back as Salbeath greeted her family. He was surprised to get a hug too and her thanks.
‘Did you have any trouble?’ she asked.
‘No, but small bands of men roam, from Halent’s army by the look of their clothes, but we were too big a group to risk attacking.’ Tarn explained.
‘Hungry men are always dangerous,’ said Calupina.
‘We are hungry too,’ Salbeath grimaced.
‘I know,’ agreed Calupina, ‘and we’ve brought as much as we could. The next food consignment from Plenth will come straight here. We had a harvest, not a good one but enough to manage for a while, the next will be better.’
‘Flour, how I long for bread, we ran out a few days ago, the army took much of what we’d stored. As most of the city was destroyed, so was food. We salvaged as much as we could but most spoiled.’
‘Is everyone still in the castle?’ asked Calupina.
‘Yes, we are working hard to rebuild; we plan to rehouse families first. Oh, grandmother so many died,’ Salbeath longed to weep. ‘We need to capture those dangerous, roaming gangs or they’ll prove difficult for the Plenth traders.’
‘Salbeath, you can’t do everything.’ Calupina knew her granddaughter needed to take time to grieve and intended to help her. ‘Pen insisted I come, I left Fiane in charge at Tsocathlan. Now Halent’s gone I can afford to leave it to him and not worry. Salbeath, I taught you my magic, why are you so loath to use it?’ Salbeath shook her head. ‘We’ll talk later; we need to get the children settled. The wet nurse brought her baby too and she and Brolan are distressed by the travelling.’
‘I’ll get Maran,’ Salbeath started and then put her hand over her mouth. ‘Maran had a good herbal remedy for upset babies; I’ll get Natalie to find it.’

Salbeath carried Pen in her arms as Thea walked the horses. Pen nuzzled to her and she was about to apologise she had no milk when she felt wetness on her dress. That should have been impossible. Calupina sensed her reaction. Silently Salbeath said. Grandmother, I’m frightened. And that’s why I'm loathed to use magic.
‘Tarn explained you both believe Halent killed Finhorn. Pen wants me here for a reason, but he omitted your fears.’
‘You noticed my fear when my milk started again. Pen says my milk tastes better. I’m so strong, stronger than any man, no stronger than ten men, and I can run fast, and work hard all day without getting tired. I feel invincible and I worry about that. Grandmother, you are still a beautiful woman, our powers give us youth. Tarn too, he has deep scars and does that detract from his beauty, no. I’m scared to look in a mirror, not in case I see Halent standing behind me, but because this isn’t my face anymore.’
‘So this spirit world is dangerous?’
‘Yes, I mustn’t go in again.’
‘Perhaps in time its influence will lessen,’ suggested Calupina.
No, it was Pen, and the first word Calupina had heard him say, he had communicated to her with emotions she understood. Mother, you have to go in sometimes, father says he misses you.
Salbeath sat on the remains of a low wall and put Pen to her other breast. Calupina sat beside her. ‘I have a debt to pay to The Spirits for helping me with Halent.’
Calupina nodded. ‘Gifts are rarely given without a payment expected. Salbeath, I’m an old woman, I left it until my middle age before I had Solt, Prax and your mother. I have lived a long time and sometimes I’m weary of my life and long for oblivion. Yet, we don’t stop existing but live in that Spirit World.’
Pen interrupted. Yes, but only as memories not an existence, just shards of memories that never come together as someone you’d recognise.
Calupina realised he spoke the truth. ‘You’re wiser than any adept who has spent a lifetime in study.’
Mother is too, but she pretends she doesn’t understand because if she admits so, then it will be the truth.
Calupina looked at Salbeath. ‘I didn’t want this power,’ Salbeath explained, ‘I’d have been happy to be a good adept. I wanted to use the knowledge in the books in Fiane’s tower to free all Six Kingdoms. From the rule of a creature who didn’t care about people, but as a Demodicus who fed on their pain and terror. I’ll rebuild Ranal, and Braystone and the other cities too, and our children will rule over them, as Clent and I enjoy our old age. But there’s a catch, finally Halent gets me, that’s my payment and Pen knows it.’
Yes, he replied.
The women were silent. Salbeath continued to cry as Pen suckled and Calupina felt her granddaughter’s terror.




















Chapter 24


Once back and settled in Ranal and the confessions over, Calupina discussed the family, what a good baby Pen was, and how naughty Brolan. Salbeath again buried the truth and happily watched her children. Brolan, envious of Pen, tried to bite Salbeath’s breast and Sera scolded him.
‘I’ve tried but he’s jealous of Pen,’ admitted Sera.
‘As they grow they must help each other,’ Salbeath realised Brolan must stop competing with his brother. Pen was the opposite; he’d love Brolan without expectations. ‘Brolan dear, come here and talk to mummy.’
‘I want Sera, mummy is only pretending.’
‘Lady Sera, to you young man,’ insisted Calupina.
Sera picked him up and handed him to Salbeath. ‘You’ll do as your mother says.’
Salbeath put her arms around her neglected first son. ‘I’m sorry Brolan, I couldn’t stay with you as I did with Pen but now I’ll make it up to you. See your little brother how tiny he is, he needs his big brother to help him.’
Brolan reached over to Calupina who had Pen in her lap. Pen, in best baby fashion, reached over, took hold of Brolan’s finger, and held it.
Brolan looked at Salbeath and said. ‘Want mother now.’ Salbeath offered him her breast, he settled to suckle and this time didn’t bite.

The mountains surrounding Tsocathlan came into view and plains of grass replaced the desert. Clent felt elated. After a brief stop here, he’d head for Ranal. Relations worsened between Fendal and Hermonie and he knew his friend thought a future with her unlikely. Clent slept only one night in his room at Tsocathlan, left most of his belongings there and set off with a fresh troop of men. He was anxious to see Salbeath and his son. Fiane told Calupina he was on his way.

In the fields, the neglected wheat was picked over to see what they could salvage before the winter frosts.  Salbeath worked scything the stalks for threshing.  She was tireless, swinging as if she had worked in the fields all her life and the only one without blisters. Calupina watched her work. There was something otherworldly about Salbeath’s strength. She heard her laughing at a story one man told. Wise Calupina appreciated this Queen of Ranal was even more popular than her father, but she’d learned good government from him. Brolan the elder may have hated witchcraft but he’d done an excellent job rearing his daughter.
A soldier she’d sent out looking for food, found several chickens and was having trouble getting them back. She put her scythe down and helped round up the rebellious fowl. They needed eggs for the children. That was how Clent saw her. He rode with Sera’s husband Ecant, now his first servant. Clent sat on his horse and took in the sight of her, wearing an old dress, and a scarf around her head ‒ she’d never looked lovelier.
She ran to him as he dismounted. Everyone stopped to watch them, even the most hardened soldier’s eyes moistened. They walked back to the castle and Brolan, thrilled to have his father back insisted he carried him.

As expected, it was a hard winter but with the provisions from Plenth and Tsocathlan, they survived. Salbeath was pregnant again, and husband and wife hated to be apart even for a short time. The castle emptied as more houses were repaired or rebuilt. Thea found his family and they were now in Ranal. They looked forward to spring when they’d finish rebuilding and plant the crops to feed them for the next winter.

Salbeath still grieved for Maran and the others who’d perished, and yet in another way was more content than she’d ever been. The new baby helped, she knew it was a girl, and she’d have her families’ talents. Calupina sensed it too. She’d soon go back to Tsocathlan, only waiting for the better weather to make the trip. Fiane told her there was trouble. The new Plenth ambassador had sent word to Par Alane that Hermonie and Fendal were estranged and that Fendal’s new mistress Lita was pregnant.
Suranbe tried her best to help, but the Plenth princess was stubborn and foolish. Calupina had no use for fools but it was important that Plenth and Tsocathlan remain friends, and that meant that Hermonie should stay Fendal’s wife and become pregnant.
Clent read Solt’s letter. ‘She’s such a stupid girl,’ he commented, ‘if Suranbe couldn’t help her I suppose you might coerce her Calupina?’
‘I have no wish to do any such thing. Lita is a decent girl from a good family; she’d be a far better choice.’
‘Hermonie’s pretty enough but has no sense, and her servants encourage her to be difficult.’
‘I imagine so Clent,’ agreed Calupina. ‘What does Solt say?’
‘He’d much prefer Lita as a daughter-in-law but Plenth worries him. Hence, he wants you back.  Pan Alane might use the girl as an excuse for war. I wonder if he put her up to this. I didn’t trust him, but he’s frightened of you Calupina?’ Clent looked thoughtful.
‘Not enough as I couldn’t defeat Halent. The Plenth ambassadors hear Halent has gone and their spies are everywhere.’ Calupina said and Salbeath agreed with her.
‘I’ve heard from Fiane, the Plenth are convinced we use machinery to move the mountains.’
‘Determined to believe they can defeat you, but Tsocathlan can’t be defeated in any usual way,’ Clent mused.
‘No Clent, but like Halent they can stop us growing crops outside the caldera. We can survive on those we grow there, now your people have gone. But if we use the land for those crops there won’t be much fodder for the animals, not to mention getting in and out.’
‘They want our gold and silver, anything that sparkles.’
‘I realised that from the way their eyes lit up when I paid them for the goods they supplied us,’ Calupina admitted. ‘But there again, who is most vulnerable?’
‘We are, and Pan Alane wants to believe he can defeat you. Use magic to coerce the girl and then he wouldn’t have any excuse?’ Clent wished his friend free of a dreadful woman.
‘It’s not right, it never works,’ said Salbeath.
‘No it isn’t, and I imagine it doesn’t,’ agreed Clent, ‘you’d need to coerce your grandson too Calupina.’
‘That I’m less happy to do,’ Calupina changed the subject to a more positive tone. ‘I hear when the weather improves; you will have a look at what’s left of Braystone?’
‘After the baby, we’ll take the family. Thea will rule Ranal. I’ve had envoys from the people of old Braystone and they are anxious to rebuild. They will plant crops as soon as the ground warms up so they’ll have food to offer re-settlers. There are new houses built on the farms, but nothing permanent in the city. They prefer a consistent grid; old Braystone was a warren of tiny, dark streets and we’ll improve on that. Once we have a home there, we’ll divide our time between Ranal and New Braystone. I hope you’ll visit when we are better fixed.’
‘I will, although to be honest, I’m getting too old for a long horse ride,’ Calupina smiled. ‘Will you give thought to what we talked about earlier Salbeath?’
‘What was that?’ Clent realised Calupina worried that Plenth might take advantage of the wars, and the poor state the Six Kingdoms were in and that a visit from Salbeath might diffuse that, but he wasn’t convinced.
‘There’s far too much to be done here and then in Braystone.’ The baby kicked hard and Salbeath stroked her stomach. ‘She’s upset. The connection isn’t that different from Pen; this was how it was with my mother. I still remember the trauma of her death and the terrible emptiness in my mind.’
‘Yes, I remember the feelings from my then unborn daughter,’ Calupina admitted, ‘and yet I preferred my children when grown.’
‘You are forgetting Pen,’ suggested Salbeath. 
‘Perhaps he used coercion,’ Calupina smiled. ‘I understand it’d be hard to leave at present but bear it in mind for later.’
‘I will, but I’ve had enough of war. I’d prefer that I don’t have to get involved in simple politics,’ admitted Salbeath, ‘I’d prefer to look after Clent and the children and finish rebuilding.’


















Chapter 25


Brolan and Pen were now inseparable, and Salbeath’s firstborn relearned how to love his mother. Pen was unlike his noisy half-brother, and his gentleness soothed Brolan when he threatened to be too difficult. Spring arrived and with it Princess Fibera, who soon showed signs of having her mother’s good looks.
After the birth, Calupina returned to Tsocathlan. As she feared, the news from Plenth worsened. Their spies told them Pan Alane had expanded his army, a sure sign that war was impending. Calupina had only been back a few months when she made another trip to Ranal, and this time she talked to Clent first about Salbeath visiting Plenth.

‘Calupina, you can’t ask us to be parted again for weeks or months, besides Fibera needs her mother.’
‘If she leaves now she’ll be back for when Fibera really needs her. In the meantime, she’ll be fine with the nurses, and I have brought a female acolyte who can help you and there’s Pen too.’
‘No, we have the plans for New Braystone and are planning to build the castle soon.’
‘Clent, convince me that Pan Alane doesn’t want our lands?’
‘I agree he can’t be trusted and Hermonie may be part of that plan.’
‘A stupid girl, she didn’t have the sense to make him fall for her, an easy thing for any wise woman to do. She should’ve had him in love with her before causing havoc. I never thought I’d see Suranbe give up on anyone, but she has. Clent, I must ask you to help persuade Salbeath to go to Plenth.’
‘Calupina, if you are so worried then you’re capable of making the journey yourself.’
Calupina sighed as if reluctant to say what came next, ‘You believe I’m a powerful witch?’
‘Yes, you are, you can move mountains, Fiane is talented but not as much as you are.’
‘In comparison with Salbeath, I’m as skilled as a first-year acolyte, probably less.’
Clent shook his head. ‘I grant she’s stronger than she should be, and sometimes I look at her and she’s too beautiful to be real. But she rarely uses magic. If she does it’s only for opening doors in the labyrinth.’
‘That’s the same as moving mountains, making ways through stone and rock. There are ways Tarn still can’t open, am I right?’
Clent looked puzzled; he knew little about what Tarn could and could not do, imagining the ways used actual doors. Then he looked desperate. ‘If she doesn’t use her powers then how do you know she is so much better than you?’
‘Pen told me.’
‘He’s a baby.’
‘No, he’s more than that.’ She couldn’t say more, he was born of The Spirit World, son of a Spirit. Clent had forgotten he was Halent’s son and not his. Pen had a way of making everyone love him. But Clent knew that Plenth was dangerous too. The hurt of his separation from Salbeath was relived. Calupina sensed his pain as he realised Salbeath had to go to Plenth.
‘Damn witches and warlocks.’ The anger in his eyes made her recoil.
‘Clent, have I ever hurt anyone?’
‘Yes me, when you told me my wife had to go to that monster, you weren’t certain she’d contain him. I almost forgot about it and now it’s back. I realise he calls to her from his shadowy world, and what happened to General Finhorn too. No Calupina, my wife stays with me.’
Calupina was suddenly aware of her age. She was over a hundred and thirty and still looked fifty. Fiane, a hundred and fifteen looked sixty. Power did more than keep her young, but right now, she remembered every long year. Clent was right to react as he did and her heart agreed with him. However, Plenth prepared for war and the plan was to take the Six Kingdoms before Tsocathlan, as they were weak and easy prey.

Salbeath saw Clent was upset and sent her ladies away. They made love at her instigation. She sensed something was wrong and could have probed his mind but was reluctant. ‘What’s the matter Clent?’ she asked gently.
‘Your grandmother’s back too soon.’
‘Plenth?’
‘Yes, what does she expect you to do, stop an army on your own?’
‘I can do many things,’ she admitted. ‘Move mountains, open the ground, bring terrible storms, I can do frightful things Clent.’
He wasn’t listening to her. ‘So can Calupina, so why can’t she go, why you?’
‘I can do much more. I can send the armies mad with terror.’  Clent listened, and raised his heads from her breasts and looked at her with such pain she held him tighter. ‘I love you Clent, no-one else, not Halent, and not Tarn.’
‘I believe you, but they love you and Halent still looks out for you, when does he mean to take you back?
Salbeath didn’t reply just stroked his hair. Halent waited for her, as Tarn did. Her grandmother lived twice the usual span and Salbeath might live longer. ‘I can wait for them to get here and destroy them. But that would hurt the land we have worked so hard to replenish and the corn we sowed will be destroyed. Clent we can’t afford to lose these crops, if we do we may starve. I want Plenth as a friend, even a reluctant one, not an enemy, and my grandmother is right; they intend to take us before we recover.’
There was a long silence. Clent realised she agreed with Calupina and meant to go. ‘If you died, I’d go mad.’
‘I won’t die, my love,’ she said, and added silently, not with Halent guarding me. ‘Besides, a voice I try not to listen to tells me it’d be difficult for death to find me now.’

Salbeath went to the nursery. Pen was awake as if expecting her. She picked him up, took him to the Rose Bower and sat him on her lap.
Well Pen, now is the time for me to visit Plenth, I couldn’t leave earlier.  They spoke in silence.
No, my sister would’ve been affected.
Yes. I’ll take Hermonie back to her father. Fendal is too fine a man to have a useless wife, and my grandmother and Suranbe like Lita. Then he’ll be free to marry her and his child will be royal.
‘The journey will change you mother,’ he said aloud, it didn’t sound as if a toddler spoke. With others, he used the speech they expected of a child his age.
Salbeath wanted no-one to hear and spoke silently again. I must confront whom I am now, instead of pretending I haven’t changed. She spoke aloud, ‘Seven days to Tsocathlan and then another seven or more to Plenth. I’ll be as quick as I can. I’ll miss my dear husband and the children. Pen watch out for them, please?’
‘Yes, I will and so will father.’ He sensed his mother’s confusion.
‘Will he, I don’t understand? He leaves me with Clent and I expected a fight.’
‘Would you love him if he hurt Clent or took you by force?’
‘No, but I don’t love him?’
‘You have the answers you just deny them.’
‘Pen, my strange son, I never peer into the future. I am here now, and in this now, I love Clent and that’s enough. Let’s find my grandmother and tell her, but I expect she knows.’

‘I’d go, but you have powers I don’t.’ Calupina meant it.
‘You’d scare them, but I can scare them so much they’ll always remember. I’ll take Hermonie and the Plenth ambassadors home and make sure they won’t make trouble. May I take adepts with me? I won’t need soldiers. I want to scare Pan Alane.’
Calupina smiled.

The night before she left, they made love. Clent realised she’d come home afterwards, but concerned Tarn was called from Braystone to go with her. One of Calupina’s best wizards would stay here for messages. Natalie was going too to act as a chaperone.

They made good time to Tsocathlan. It was Natalie’s first visit to the city in the caldera, and its elegance impressed her. Salbeath, in spite of her parochial love for Ranal, had to admit that Tsocathlan had a mellow, warm, allure, which Ranal’s sombre, ancient castle lacked. She determined that New Braystone would one-day rival this northern city.

Solt and the rest of the family were pleased to see them, and more so Fendal and the woman soon to give birth to his child. She had something of the blond beauty of the younger Cara, but her eyes were kind and intelligent. Fendal had chosen a good wife. They were overjoyed they could marry before the birth of their child. While Calupina found the most suitable adepts, Salbeath organised the carts to carry Hermonie’s goods back to Plenth. She started her psychological warfare. Changing into a fine dress and borrowing jewellery from her relatives, she walked into Hermonie’s apartments like a snowstorm. The dress, one of Halents, flowed around her as if she was the wind. Her eyes flashed fire and she looked terrifying. The ambassador grovelled on the floor as if she were Pan Alane in a temper, while Hermonie shook as she joined the ambassador on her knees.
Salbeath gave a far from pleasant smile. ‘Hermonie, Princess of Plenth, Prince Fendal of Tsocathlan has this day divorced you. Be ready to leave tomorrow and that includes any Plenth living here,’ she added in a dangerous voice.
When they found the courage to look up, Salbeath had vanished.

Fiane confirmed a few of the Plenth in Tsocathlan tried to hide, but they were found. Their emotions ranged from angry to fearful. Salbeath dressed in her warrior clothes, leather breeches, boots, and a sleeveless jerkin that showed her magnificent figure. She was terrifying in these clothes. Natalie rode on one side and Tarn the other. What terrified the Plenth was that there were no soldiers, just twelve adepts dressed at Salbeath’s insistence in austere grey robes.
Salbeath opened the mountain and many of the Plenth understood it was her power that moved it. No-one admitted their terror for their king would execute them for believing the Tsocathlan adepts opened the mountains without the aid of machines. Where were the apparatus? Every time Salbeath looked at Hermonie, the girl shivered with fear. Natalie and Tarn were having trouble keeping their faces straight. Before they passed through the gap, Salbeath turned to the terrified Plenth.
‘Don’t imagine you can escape, I promise your fates will be far from pleasant.’
Natalie realised as Tarn always had, there was a side to Salbeath she didn’t know, and one day she might change from the girl she’d helped and loved. Salbeath heard her thoughts and the glance she gave her friend was one of fear.

Salbeath pushed them hard. The acolytes were used to physical discomfort and Natalie tried to keep going. However, as a woman unused to travelling long distances it was hard. She didn’t care if Hermonie and her ladies suffered, but she did Natalie and when she felt her pain Salbeath stopped to rest. Salbeath didn’t cover up her white skin and when it didn’t burn that frightened them too. As the journey progressed, she used her powers to help Natalie cope, as she wouldn’t admit to fatigue even when close to falling from her horse. Salbeath didn’t sleep at night, only Tarn realised she slept as she rode her horse for her eyes looked open.
She prowled around the camp at night as a hungry predator, terrifying the Plenth, as was her intention. Far worse, she knew where the secret water was and led them there herself. Another Plenth secret gone, who’d dare tell this to Pan Alane? One spy tried to escape and Salbeath, true to her word turned him to ice that night. As the sun came up, he melted until he was a wet stain in the sand. Hermonie screamed in terror and the ambassador knew Pan Alane would execute him. Instead of that, the next night he slit his wrists and bled to death and Salbeath let him. It wasn’t only Hermonie whimpering, but every time Salbeath looked at someone.
The adept’s realised it was necessary, but Natalie was appalled. Tarn tried to help her understand.
‘Salbeath’s plan’s working Lady Natalie, they are terrified of her.’
‘So am I Tarn!’
‘She is still the same Salbeath, she doesn’t enjoy the game she must play, but in the end, fewer will die. That man she melted was evil.’
‘That was not an illusion, he was ice?’
‘Dead from that moment, he didn’t suffer.’
‘Is that supposed to help me?’
Tarn looked puzzled, ‘I wonder how she did it, or how she understood she could?’
‘Halent?’ suggested Natalie sensibly.
‘Possibly, or perhaps she has an idea and sees if it’s possible?’
‘That makes me feel better,’ she said sarcastically.
‘I don’t think we should discuss this with anyone else, she knows you won’t gossip, she trusts you.’
‘I appreciate that and I won’t, but I wonder if that’s still my Salbeath, we both know it isn’t.’
‘Lady Natalie, she’s behaving like this for good reason. We have to stop Plenth invading the Six Kingdoms; she’s doing this for everyone we love.’
‘Yes, Tarn I understand and won’t tell anyone but Lady Kena.’ Tarn nodded

Salbeath found water the Plenth didn’t know existed and they could cross the desert without the usual deviation to the known water holes. She smiled as she gazed at the mountains that kept the desert away from Plenth. Instead of taking the long road through the pass, she held up her arms and the mountains shook. Even Tarn experienced fear. These mountains were deeper than those around Tsocathlan and she opened them on her own. Salbeath waited for the ground to settle, and led them through a deep, cold gap cut right through the mountains in a straight line. Hermonie screamed again until Salbeath told her to be quiet. Once they were through, she closed the mountain and continued on her way to the city. The gates were shut and the city silent in fear.
Salbeath sat on her horse for a while as if waiting to be invited inside. Tarn was nervous and she tried to reassure him. ‘I’m still Salbeath,’ she insisted, ‘but brace for more. Natalie, how are you?’
Natalie’s voice shook. ‘Glad to be your friend and not your enemy.’
‘I don’t want my friends to fear me, I never wanted this, but these people force my hand.’
Natalie nodded. ‘I stand by whatever you do to save the Six Kingdoms.’
‘Thank you.’

The huge wood and metal gate fell with a thud that shook the ground. She moved to enter and people ran away screaming. She led them to the palace steps and instead of dismounting, rode her horse over the marble floors. The palace appeared to be empty, although Salbeath knew it wasn’t.
‘Bring Pan Alane,’ she demanded, her voice was soft, but it vibrated through the palace as a gigantic whisper.
Eventually, they heard footsteps. Pan Alane was acting the all-powerful king, striding purposefully towards them followed by his terrified personal guard. Behind, with shuffling steps came his senior courtiers, frightened of their master and the vision on the horse. He stopped as he saw Salbeath, dressed like a barbarian, no a goddess. Here in flesh, was Mina, the terrible Goddess of War and Sex. He’d considered himself a god once, but from this moment appreciated he was not a god, only a man. Natalie dismounted and pulled Hermonie behind her, the girl fell to the floor as she fainted.
‘This daughter of Pan Alane has insulted Tsocathlan and the lands to the West by her failure to act as a wife to Prince Fendal, heir to Tsocathlan,’ stated Salbeath in the same monstrous whisper. ‘It’s an insult to foist such a woman on us.’ Everyone followed suit as Pan Alane knelt and hid his eyes from the beautiful terror before him. Salbeath dismounted, and stood before him, he refused to look at her.
‘No apology? We demand one, speak!’
His voice came out as a squeak. ‘There was no offence meant, the girl will be punished.’
‘She will not! A stupid girl and no doubt acting on orders given by an equally stupid man. As if Prince Fendal would remain married to such a wife; one who refuses his bed. No, whoever told her to act in such a way will be punished.’
‘No, Great Goddess, this was not my idea, I promise, I swear.’
Salbeath read his mind. ‘The idea was suggested by Blau Kelas, you will execute him, not this pathetic girl. She’s not to be harmed nor is she to go to a man, that will be no punishment either.’
‘Yes, yes,’ he said, ‘bring Blau Kelas,’ he instructed. They heard the loud clip clap of slippers on the tiled floor as he tried to escape. Blau Kelas was in the entourage. He was brought back, the palace guards dragging him along the ground.
‘So Blau Kelas, you don’t believe in the power of Tsocathlan? I’ve brought adepts with me capable of reading minds and hearts.’ The grey-robed figures floated over the floor, sombre birds in a flock of bright plumage. Salbeath took out her sword, and with one practised stroke took off Blau Kelas’s head.
Natalie swayed a moment before regaining control. She’d seen much in her life, but never a much-loved daughter figure cutting off a man’s head. Salbeath’s father had an executioner and avoided his use if he could. Salbeath was a caring mother, wife and friend, this couldn’t be her? She didn’t recognise those burning eyes, a trained warrior yes; she’d proved that in Ranal, but not this terrible stranger. This creature was more like Halent. Tarn touched her arm and she steeled herself for more horror. Hermonie was still unconscious ‒ Natalie envied her.
‘Pan Alane, we need to talk but my Lady is tired, show us to our rooms and make sure our horses are well looked after. If any harm comes to anyone, including our horses, I promise I will kill your family. Do you understand me Pan Alane? Move, show us to our rooms.’

Pan Alane shook so much he couldn’t move.
One courtier braver than the others came forward bowing low. ‘Please Your Majesty, allow me. I doubt The Emperor will find the best rooms.’
Salbeath sheathed her sword and followed the man, beckoning the others to follow.  The man ran ahead to keep up with Salbeath’s long stride. He led her to a suite of rooms that would accommodate them in luxury.
‘You will send up our luggage and servants, we need the baths filled,’ Salbeath instructed.  The man bowed out assuring Salbeath that he’d do so.

Salbeath went over to Natalie, who had collapsed into a chair. ‘I’m sorry I had to do that.’
‘I understand why you did it. But that wasn’t my Salbeath.’
‘No, perhaps not, not the Salbeath I’d prefer to be and I might have to do something similar again, perhaps worse. Natalie, I’m so tired. I have slept little lately and suddenly I must. The bath will have to wait.’
‘I’ll watch,’ suggested Tarn, ‘I’m not as tired as you.’
Natalie almost protested and said it wasn’t seemly, but that was ridiculous, who else would guard her as well?

Dressed in another of Halent’s designs and wearing her borrowed, ancient Tsocathlan jewels, Salbeath accepted Tarn’s arm as he escorted her to dinner. He changed his dusty, grey robe and wore a black silk one. Natalie was still tired and excused herself, preferring to eat with the adepts.
There was silence as Salbeath and Tarn walked into the dining room. Her physical beauty was striking. Pan Alane experienced want and Salbeath sensed it. She sat on the couch next to his, and let the dress fall open showing most of her legs. Pan Alane forgot his fear and imagined bedding her. Salbeath enjoyed this political manoeuvring and that disturbed her more than the killing of the courtier. Pan Alane wasn’t aware, but Blau Kelas plotted a takeover with several other nobles, it would’ve failed. As for Pan Alane, she’d never sleep with him but it didn’t hurt to confuse him.
Feeling bewildered on several fronts, Pan Alane drank far too much because Salbeath ignored him and talked to Tarn. He plucked up enough courage to interrupt; one raised eyebrow told him to shut up as she turned back to Tarn. However, Pan Alane was too drunk to be cautious. ‘Queen Salbeath,’ he started.
Salbeath sipped wine from an over-ornate gold goblet. She stared at him, ‘I said we’d talk tomorrow,’ her smile wasn’t kind. It showed how much she enjoyed his discomfort, ‘I can’t be bothered now.’
‘Perhaps, if you are tired I should escort you somewhere quieter where we can start the discussion?’
She ran her hand suggestively down her neck and then her cleavage, so provocatively that Pan Alane forgot to breathe. He’d never been so afraid or wanted a woman so much. Salbeath was unlike a Plenth woman, tall and strong as a man, an added aphrodisiac. He’d never imagined he’d find a woman with such pale skin and strange eyes, so fascinating. And those eyes, the purple colour of the late afternoon skies before the sun vanished, looked into his soul. He shook, torn between his lust and fear, or did one feed the other?
‘I said tomorrow Pan Alane. I loathe sitting after I’ve finished eating.’ She got up gracefully from the low couch. Tarn took her arm to lead her back to their rooms. They matched strides the Plenth guards running to keep up with them.

You realise they believe we are sleeping together, Tarn pointed out.
Yes. Their language is very like ours, but there are differences; you’ve had more time to study it, how did I do?
Very well. As if, you’d worked hard learning it.
I didn’t.
If I didn’t know you as I do I’d be terrified too, and I’m just as impressed as Pan Alane. 
He’ll try to kill me and has organised an assassin.
And?
We should all sleep in the same room. Vangstan and Prosan are as good adepts as Fiane. They’ll take turns at watching with a lower order to help but I doubt he’d move on any of you unless I’m dead. Her mind closed suddenly, and she looked strange. The doors to the rooms opened and she let go of Tarn’s arm.
Halent brushed her mind. I don’t need your help, she replied, I can do this myself.

They took turns in sleeping and no-one tried to kill Salbeath or came near them. Natalie helped Salbeath into another of Halent’s dresses for her meeting with the king. She went alone. The sensible man who found them their rooms yesterday came to escort her. She read his mind, he considered the emperor a fool for listening to the ambassador from Tsocathlan. Salbeath impressed him, he appreciated she had greater powers than she’d demonstrated so far. He knew nothing about the assassin and she decided she liked him.

He showed her into Pan Alane’s private office. Hers was full of books and papers, and his, a show of great wealth. Others ran Plenth, like a bustling little man, who after a low bow to his Emperor, sat at a desk near the door waiting to take notes. He jumped up and ran out as his king waved a hand to dismiss him. Pan Alane smiled but didn’t get up to welcome her. Salbeath knew a man behind a screen had thrown a knife now suspended in mid-air. She stepped aside and let it continue to finish, quivering in the heavy door. Salbeath threw the assassin onto the heavy wooden screen and sent it to the floor with a loud bang, breaking a vase as it collapsed.

‘You are a fool Pan Alane, to play such games with witches,’ she said in a low, seductive voice, finishing with a lethal smile. ‘I don’t need a sword to kill.’
Pan Alane backed away and fell over the screen onto the assassin’s body. He scrambled away and grovelled fearing he’d die. He looked up; his terror didn’t prevent his lust. Salbeath laughed, ‘A woman such as me would kill a man like you Pan Alane. I could squeeze you between my legs until your bones snapped. Do you still want me?’
She looked coquettish for a moment and then like lightning she moved and grabbed his erection. He screeched in pain and she let go. Someone tried to get in the door but Salbeath locked it.
‘Be thankful I’m in a good mood. I won’t stay in Plenth long but I must impress on you, your plans are known.’
She took hold of his thick, gold chain and pulled him upright. She then pulled him onto the balcony and up steep steps to a high tower. His lust gone, he cried imagining she’d throw him to the gardens far below, but she let him fall to the floor quivering and looked at the valleys below.
Pan Alane was too frightened to escape; he sat moaning, head in hands.
‘Stand up you coward,’ Salbeath hissed, but he was frozen with terror unable to move. She forced his head up to look at her and then dragged him to his feet; his legs shook too much to hold him. He tried to close his eyes but Salbeath kept them open. He watched as she reopened the mountains. Then she opened cracks in the ground outside the city. Most of Plenth’s army was camped on the plain and they panicked. As the cracks widened, those caught on the edge fell into them. Then something else happened, not of her making, a bright, red substance bubbled to the surface of the fissures, slowly at first and then gushing. It caught alight spraying the remaining troops with sparks, which set clothes on fire. The ground closed and reopened and this time wraiths came. Wisps of smoke gained form, soldiers buried in the plains of Plenth over the many centuries of discord. Pan Alane was so shocked, he didn’t see Salbeath disappear.








Chapter 26


Salbeath was in The Spirit World in Halent’s garden, he stood a few steps away.
‘There’s no need for your dramatic theatricals,’ she said defiantly.
‘I agree, you’ve been very successful in terrifying the Plenth. Better than anything I ever did. I didn’t appear so demon-like and I didn’t get god-like right either. Be sure, while you protect them no-one will try to take your lands and they’ll all do as you want.’
He stood close and they looked deep into each other’s eyes. She’d forgotten how handsome he was and her body responded. Halent smiled at her lust.
‘You’ll live longer than Plenth will exist just as I will, and Pen. I made a mistake, Tarn too.’ He sounded bitter. ‘Ranal and Braystone will have disappeared to the winds and Tsocathlan will be a crumbling monastery trying to remember the power it once controlled.’
Salbeath tried hard to ignore this question but now she had to ask him; ‘Why did you leave Ranal? I wasn’t capable of sending you here and you could’ve killed Clent and every adept in Tsocathlan and kept me forever, so why pretend you’re imprisoned?’
‘I need your love, Salbeath. Pen told me if I interrupted your life with Clent you’d never love me,’ his voice changed again and hardened. ‘You enjoy the sense of freedom power gives you. Was it my Salbeath, who killed that scheming bureaucrat in cold blood? Did you know his many crimes; was that your excuse? Was it my wife, who just drove a pathetic man mad? In addition, traumatised a nation, who believed they were the most powerful country in their imagined small world? You make the excuse it was part of your plan to keep your lands safe while you rebuilt what I destroyed.’ He smiled and his voice became softer. ‘Imagine how a primitive shaman dressed in dirty skins felt at having such power. Imagine how that corrupted me just as it’s corrupted Salbeath.’
‘I did everything for good reason.’
‘I expect that I did too. Just as I left you, “for a good reason”. Pen, our wise son, showed me what would happen to us if I stayed and killed your husband. Watch this; see if you like one of your possible futures?’

She saw what Pen had shown his father. She was naked but for a heavy, silver crown shaped like a helmet, silver bracelets on her arms and ankles, too splendid a creature to be human. She sat on a throne, not the old, plain wooden chair in Ranal, but one overlaid in silver, gold, and jewels. A throne that would feed her people for many generations if someone like the Plenth had the means to buy it.
There were scantily-clad, handsome guards and two pretty, naked, young girls giggling. Two boys sat with them, watching Salbeath, one enjoyed the scene, his face ugly with lust for violence, and the other was scared.
She saw what they watched. In front of her was a man stripped of his clothes. Salbeath became the terrible queen. She watched through the creature’s eyes as she appraised his muscular body as if that was the real reason he was here, and not for any crime. His head was up and he looked proud, his fear well hidden.
The voice was hers. ‘No tribute to your queen, Lange?’
‘As Your Majesty knows, our crops failed this year. We need what seed we have to replant and our gold to buy food for the winter or starve. I beg you, spare my village; I offer my life in exchange for theirs.’
‘How brave and noble you are Lange. I might have killed you. Instead, you get a whipping and when I heal your cuts you will warm my bed for a while.’
‘I agree, but what of my people?’
‘Their lives will depend on how you satisfy me, Lange.’ she smiled.
 A woman warrior with a whip came in, her semi-naked body strong and muscular, she was fair and cruel looking. Lange tensed, waiting for the first strike. He took ten lashes before falling to his knees.
‘Stop!’ she yelled at the woman, ‘or he will be no use to me….’

The vision changed. Halent sat alone in a dark room, his handsome face distorted as he sensed Salbeath’s lust for the brave, young man. He couldn’t stop her, for she was as powerful as he. He squeezed the arms on the chair and the wood cracked….

Salbeath didn’t want to see more. She stood still not breathing, with her eyes shut. ‘No, no, that couldn’t be me?’
‘Couldn’t it? That’s what happened to me before I loved you. I was a mess of uncontrollable, conflicting emotions. Proud, cruel and angry, because I was alone and I despised what I’d become. Until I met you, a child, almost a woman, and I realised your potential. You were everything I was not. Our son says if you are to love me then I must learn patience. It was he who said I must leave your world until you are ready and can love me.’
He pulled the dress off her shoulders as he kissed her mouth, and then her breasts. Salbeath responded and let him push her onto the springy grass, where they made love.

There were no regrets. Salbeath pulled her dress back in place and was back in the tower with Pan Alane.
The wraiths disappeared and the cracks closed. Pan Alane’s mind disintegrated, so Salbeath went inside his consciousness to hold him together, to keep his terror real.
‘Listen, Pan Alane. I’m leaving Plenth, but if I hear anything I don’t approve of then I’ll be back. If you think about hurting us, this city will disappear beneath the plains. Do you understand?’
‘Yes, yes,’ he spluttered.

She left him groaning and ran back to their rooms. Tarn and Natalie followed her into the bedroom.
‘Natalie, are we ready to go?’
 ‘The horses are ready and everything is packed. Your travelling clothes are there,’ she pointed.
‘Thank you, I’ll try to explain what happened later, but would you leave Tarn and I alone please?’
Natalie frowned; she was still worried about Tarn and Salbeath. ‘Please Natalie?’ She nodded and left closing the door behind her. ‘Please turn around,’ she instructed, ‘I’m going to change.’
‘What was that about, Salbeath?’
‘As planned I scared Pan Alane; he won’t threaten us again but I had unexpected help.’
‘Halent.’ Tarn turned around.
‘What do you know?’ Salbeath fastened the leather lace at the front of her jerkin and Tarn’s eyes followed the curve of her breasts.
‘You’ve been with him.’
‘Yes,’ she admitted. Her hands shook, and she pulled out the lace to try again, the jerkin opened and Tarn’s eyes showed his emotions. ‘Don’t you want to know what he said? There is no-one else for me to tell,’ she sounded desperate and had tears in her eyes.
Tarn went to hold her, he tried to control how he felt and failed. Ignoring his needs Salbeath pulled away as soon as she had transferred what she knew to him.
‘I can’t believe that Salbeath?’
‘Can’t you? Remember how you were. I never expected you to be my Tarn again?’
‘Your Tarn, Salbeath, don’t do this? Where was I in this future?’
Salbeath shook her head, ‘I don’t know.’
‘Tell me the truth for once. If you had to choose would it be me or Halent, he knows, so tell me?’
Salbeath didn’t hesitate, ‘You.’
‘But you won’t sleep with me? I’d never betray you to Clent. Halent, but not me?’
‘Not yet.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘It means that one-day Clent will die and we’ll still be young. That’s what it means, we must wait? Don’t look at me like that. It’s hard for me too,’ she admitted.
‘Wait, what for? Halent will take you away.’
‘Don’t shout. He wants me to love him, I may one-day, and perhaps it won’t make any difference to us.’ She tried to thread the ties again as Tarn watched.
‘Salbeath let me do it.’
The feel of his cool hands on her skin was too much, she closed her eyes as his lips came on hers and then he pulled back. 
‘We should part, at least while Clent is your husband,’ it was a threat and both knew it. ‘I can’t stand much more of this.’ He kissed her again and she let him move his lips to her breasts as Salbeath felt her willpower disappearing. ‘You wanted me even when we were children.’
‘Salbeath!’ It was Natalie.
‘Tarn is helping me re-thread my jerkin,’ said Salbeath jumping back.
‘You should have called me.’
Tarn backed away; he’d been so close to getting what he’d been so long denied and was devastated. He realised what Salbeath said to him. He left.

Natalie was angry and tugged at the ties. ‘I hate what you do to that boy. What you have always done, we did our best to stop you meeting as did your father. It’s not fair to him.’
‘Then what should I do, take him to bed?’ she brushed away tears.
Natalie’s shoulders slumped, ‘Salbeath, what’s happening to you?’
‘I saved us from Plenth, we should be happy not arguing.’
‘Yes you did, but at want cost to my little Salbeath?’
‘I have a price to pay and one of them is Tarn.’
Natalie’s voice was little more than a whisper. ‘I’m not a woman to suggest any married lady should take a lover, especially when she loves her husband as you do.’
‘Natalie?’
‘If you are both discreet Clent won’t find out.’
She couldn’t tell her she’d already betrayed him once today. Tears came ‒ guilty tears. Natalie took hold of her hands.
‘Salbeath there are things that are meant to be and trying to ignore them only makes everything worse. Kena and I know you and Tarn are and have been in love since childhood, but we hoped it would burn out as it often does. The Spirits make mischief having us suffer feelings we can’t, or shouldn’t act on, so we suffer more.’
Natalie understood The Spirit World with no experience of it; Salbeath looked at her old friend with new eyes.
‘My feelings for Tarn have troubled me for so long. I longed for him to be a prince but he wasn’t. Falling in love with Clent was painless, easy. It took moments, despite his appearance.’ She smiled at the memory of the drunken, slovenly man, slumped in a chair, looking like her brother Talt. ‘I love my husband but my feelings for Tarn are the same as they ever were.’
Natalie undid the laces again. ‘Enough of these hurtful games. I’ll send him in; this has to be resolved instead of festering.’
Salbeath was unsure how to react. ‘Natalie what are you saying? We must leave; tell me what’s happening in the palace?’
‘Don’t change the subject. Everyone in Plenth is in hiding and we are packing. The adept’s are seeing to the horses and that we have food and water. I’ll send him in and make sure you’re not disturbed, but you don’t have long.’ She saw Salbeath was shocked. ‘You’re right this is destroying both of you, it might make it better or worse, but we must chance the outcome.’

Salbeath removed her top when he entered. Obviously, Natalie hadn’t explained why he was here. She held out her leg and suggested he pull off her boots. He did as asked, and watched fascinated as she undressed. ‘I should go,’ he offered not moving.
‘I’d prefer you to stay and take off your gown.’
‘Is this another of Halent’s jokes to make me suffer?’
‘Not unless I am too. We’re correcting an old wrong I’ve done you. Natalie suggests if we are discreet, Clent won’t find out and he mustn’t. I still love him, it doesn’t change that.’ Tarn knew she meant it. He pulled off his gown and joined Salbeath on the huge, Plenth bed.

It was as if losing her virginity over again, as if those years in between hadn’t existed. As if they were back on the riverbank and having a second chance at a rare and precious moment missed. Afterwards, as they lay in each other’s arms, Salbeath apologised for the wasted, hurtful years, Tarn suffered for his love for her.
‘I should’ve stayed by the river and not run away. I loved you.’
‘But I was only the stable boy and a princess saves herself for her important husband?’
‘Foolish looking back, I doubt Clent would’ve cared. I was old for a princess, a virgin bride. I believed I’d be letting my family and any future husband down by sleeping with you. But mostly betraying my father, and it caused you great pain, it caused me a great deal too.’
‘You can’t imagine how much Salbeath. Halent used that pain and hurt me in The Spirit World, his punishment for you loving me and not him. Did he know we’d be lovers?’
‘I believe so,’ Salbeath nodded, ‘he must have or why risk taking you to The Spirit World? I believe he was so angry with us he didn’t think it through, and what long-standing effects it might have.’
‘Halent didn’t realise what he did?’
‘No, I don’t believe he did, controlled by the emotions that rule any man or woman, and he wanted you to suffer, not caring the consequences. Until Pen arrived I don’t believe he knew how we might progress.’
‘He knows you’ll be his wife for a long time,’ Tarn suggested.
‘No more Halent.’ That comment sobered them. A sense of depression set in after the earlier euphoria and it worried them too. ‘We have to leave ‒ everyone is waiting. Tarn, it may be difficult once we are back in Ranal ‒ Natalie will help.’
‘What changed Natalie? The Natalie I remember was always prim and proper.’
‘She has a fair understanding of how The Spirits control us,’ she explained this to herself and Tarn. ‘Tarn, if ever I do something as terrible as I have these last few days, make me listen to you. Stop me if you can, if you don’t I’ll end up that creature in Pen’s vision. Please promise me?’
‘I promise.’

The man who helped at the original meeting waited in the shadows as they prepared to leave, and Salbeath approached him.
‘You didn’t give your name.’
‘En Yarken, Your Majesty.’
Salbeath took off one of her bracelets and handed it to him. ‘There will be repercussions and you may be targeted.’ The man nodded. ‘Take this bracelet and go to Tsocathlan, my grandmother will expect you. Hand this to a patrol and they will see you to safety.’ He looked uncertain.  ‘Are you able to find your way across the desert? If not you must leave now and come with us.’
‘I’ve no experience of the desert, my family are safe with my grandfather,’ he’d done what he had to. Salbeath was impressed. An adept found him a horse. ‘You will ride with us instead,’ she ordered. He looked relieved.  Pan Alane would need a scapegoat and it didn’t take a magician to realise it could be him.














Chapter 27


On the surface, it appeared Salbeath and Tarn’s relationship hadn’t changed; only Natalie knew it had. She wondered why she’d helped it along, it was so unlike her. If The Spirits wanted it, as she believed, then she must stand by her promise.
Salbeath didn’t stay too long in Tsocathlan but moved on to Ranal.
Natalie talked to Tarn. ‘It’ll not be easy for you, either of you.’
‘I realise that, why did you push us together instead of continuing to keep us apart? It’s unlike you.’
‘Unlike me yes, and irresponsible. My head says I’m foolish and yet my heart disagrees. Kena and I did as Elder Brolan instructed and tried to keep you apart, but it’s trying to stop the wind blowing. Even as children, it was obvious and as adults, it’s stronger still. Most suspect you’ve always been lovers.’
‘Clent?’
‘No, he trusts his Salbeath, he loves her so much.’
‘She loves him too.’
‘Yes.’
‘I’ll tell you a story only Kena knows and when I tell you, no doubt Salbeath will hear too.’
‘No doubt.’
‘I’m not stupid Tarn, I realise what Salbeath’s capable of, you too, and you’re not as inferior as you believe.’
‘That’s plain speaking.’
‘My husband was a good man but several years older. Father arranged the marriage. I was fourteen and he courted me for a year before our marriage, but I was already in love. The object of my affections was a nobleman, handsome, dashing, and rich enough not to need to marry an inferior for her money. If he’d asked me to go to The Spirit World with him I would have. His marriage was arranged. I knew her; a quiet girl, thin and plain, and although I’d no right to, I hated her. This unworthy creature had what should’ve been mine because her father was noble and poor. My father might be rich but still a merchant. Mother was nobly born. And this was how stupid I was, I was much prettier than his betrothed.’ Natalie smiled, not at the memory of youthful beauty but her folly.
‘I was the same age as his wife and so to be near him I pretended to be her friend. The year my husband courted me I grew into a woman. My love noticed me as I intended. I was obsessed and ignored my fiancé believing my childish plans would be realised. He handed me a note. I gave myself to him, feeling sure we’d marry and he’d choose me. We met often. I was foolish to imagine he’d give up Cinea for me. When I asked him to marry me, he said his father would disinherit him. We’d marry as our parents indicated and stay lovers. I was heart-broken. I grew up that day; part of me hated him, which wasn’t fair as I’d started it. We both married and continued our relationship.’
Natalie remembered everything and Tarn observed her emotions. ‘My dear husband found out soon after we married. I thought he would beat me and send me back to my family but he didn’t. He understood my pain, as once he’d loved in vain too. He said he still loved me and if I was willing we’d start again, but in Ranal far away from my lover and temptation. When I told Alix, he said it’s a good idea as there was gossip. He didn’t beg me to stay and by then I didn’t expect him to, besides Cinea was pregnant.
I agreed to leave with my husband and start again. Racol had family in Ranal; they welcomed us and helped as he transferred his business here. I was in a nervous state and when Racol needed me to help him I fell ill and nearly died. My husband left his work and nursed me; begging me not to leave him. When I recovered and became a good wife my lover’s memory receded. My husband’s dead now, killed when Halent overran Altoun. Alix died bravely too, better than he lived. Cinea and their two children were killed. I wept for Racol, and for Alix and his family. I had a far nobler husband in Racol who went to fight for his birthplace. I still wonder if I would have left him if Alix had begged me to stay?  I often wonder what would’ve happened if I had stayed in Altoun? Nothing good.’

They were silent until Tarn said. ‘Thank you, Natalie, I understand Clent comes first. I’m not happy deceiving him, I like him.’
‘When Salbeath was with Halent, I nearly told her my story to help but the moment was lost. I love Salbeath as much as my daughter. Suena too loved in vain. She was lucky; Halent was only interested in her excellent needlework. She’s over it now and grown up enough to realise she’d made a youthful mistake. It’s time we find her a good husband but I won’t force her. Being a married woman gives status but if I die Salbeath will look after her.’
‘Salbeath will help you find someone, but it’s hard as so many died in the wars.’
As if on cue, Salbeath pulled her horse back, and waited for them. ‘You listened?’ Natalie asked Salbeath.
‘I have very good ears. I don’t like your selfish princeling, he was wrong to take advantage.  Would I have loved Clent if he’d had an easy life as a spoilt prince? I would have liked a sister-in-law, my brother Pen was a fine man, but I’d have been sorry for anyone who married Talt.’
‘He was young Salbeath, he might have changed,’ suggested Natalie.

Tarn moved away to give them privacy. 
‘I’m sorry you witnessed me cutting off that man’s head.’
‘I’ve seen worse but not deeds committed by you.’
‘Plenth won’t cross the desert now. If they forget then I’ll remind them.’
‘What about Tarn?’
‘I don’t regret it, our relationship left unfinished would always fester, but Clent has to come first. I should send him away but Tarn is the only one who understands what’s happening.’
‘You were always beautiful Salbeath, even as a child, but since Halent even more so. Men want you but are frightened. As if they are afraid of being burnt in a too bright flame. Tarn burns too. I don’t understand what happened to you while you were Halent’s consort, but you and Tarn are different. Not your characters, although what I saw in Plenth made me wonder?’
‘I wonder too, but unlike Halent I didn’t enjoy it.’
‘I hope not!’

Tarn and Salbeath had little time alone in the next two days. Salbeath avoided him, frightened someone might suspect.
She drove them hard as if eager to get home to Clent. But always saw to Natalie’s comfort. She was no longer young, with flecks of grey in her abundant, rich, brown hair, and had fine lines on her face. Tarn had found a new friend, he’d confide in Natalie and she’d never judge. She’d grown wiser for her own mistakes and understood the pain he had for loving Salbeath and the suffering he’d endured for her. He gained peace he’d never had. Salbeath was grateful to her friend for showing Tarn friendship.



























Chapter 28


Salbeath was pregnant and the father one of three men. Natalie worried it might be Tarns but Salbeath was more concerned it was Halents.
Pen told his mother not to worry. ‘There’s nothing from the baby’s mind.’ He was a solemn boy, unlike Brolan who continued to tear around full of energy. ‘He’s not an adept so he can’t be fathers.’
Salbeath gave a sigh of relief. ‘Pen, if the baby isn’t his, might it be Tarns?’
‘Possibly mother.’
The baby boy Farno was fair, unlike Brolan with his parent’s dark hair and Pen, who had dark red. Salbeath believed it was Tarns. But Clent was happy with his new son.
Life was far from luxurious in Ranal. They had two good harvests and the people had enough food. Braystone prospered and the rebuild went at a quicker pace than older Ranal, and many returned there hoping to restart their lives in a place they once called home.

Salbeath sent Tsocathlan adepts to search for survivors of the other royal families. In Altoun they found a cousin of the old king, who, after the fall of Halent, came out of hiding. They helped him rebuild his city and its citizens returned. However, they couldn’t find anyone from the royal lines of Calish, Blackharn or Landcowen. The other three kingdoms shared these lands until they had the resources to rebuild those cities too. Thea would return to Calish and most likely, if the people agreed, his family would take over the kingship.

Salbeath had another three children, two dark-haired boys and a blond daughter. Clent’s hair was turning grey and he suffered from stiff joints, but Salbeath still looked like a girl. Tarn too hadn’t aged.  Natalie would soon be a grandmother for the second time, for Suena married the handsome Captain Zyle.

However, gossip started again about Salbeath’s youthful looks and that Tarn might be her lover. Witchcraft many said, but the kinder ones said, adepts age slowly, but Farno and Lira were the image of Tarn and not so easily explained.
Salbeath caught Clent looking intently at Farno and her heart churned. He turned to her but didn’t return her bright smile, instead frowned and left the room without explanation. She found him in his bedroom, lying on the bed.
‘What’s wrong, is it your shoulder again, shall I get the herbs?’
‘You can’t cure this with herbs,’ he frowned.
‘Clent?’
‘I’m an old man, do you still love me?’
‘Why doubt it?’
‘I’m always having poison poured into my ears, people muttering when they’re aware I can hear them. I refuse to listen, but today I looked at Farno anew, you must realise he looks like Tarn.’
She could lie; tell him that Tarn was a royal bastard, as she’d planned. It might be true; no-one knew his father. But she offered no excuse just stood there, her face expressionless.
‘I’ve been faithful to you Salbeath and I used to think the same of you, Halent wasn’t your fault.’
‘I still love you.’
‘I believe you, but don’t deny you found pleasure in Halent’s arms. As for Tarn, you grew up together and were always close. He’s still handsome, despite those scars, and I’m getting old.’
‘No Clent…’
‘Salbeath, please leave me alone?’

Natalie found a nervous Salbeath in the rose garden, near Maran’s grave. ‘Tarn knows Natalie; he said Farno looks just like Tarn.’
‘He’s ridden off alone and refused his groom’s escort.’
Salbeath felt a stab of terror. ‘Send men after him,’ she said, ‘no, I’ll go.’
She ran to the stables. By the time Natalie caught her up, Salbeath was ready to leave.
‘Salbeath, he’s ridden off alone before, he needs time on his own.’
‘Yes, but something’s wrong. It’ll be dark soon and he took old Brun, he’s a nervous horse and picks up the rider’s mood. Natalie, I’m frightened. Get men to follow, I won’t wait.’
‘He’ll be fine Salbeath,’ Natalie tried to be positive but was anxious.

Salbeath found Brun, in agony with a broken leg and her husband close by, the horse must have rolled. Clent was dead. Mechanically Salbeath cut the throat of the old horse and sat beside Clent’s body. No tears came; she held his cool hand and screamed. An unearthly sound heard miles away. It led Tarn and the men to her.

Salbeath remembered nothing else but waking up in bed. Kena and Natalie sat near the fire as Pen gazed out of the window. From the looks on their faces, it wasn’t a dream.
‘Clent?’
‘He’s gone,’ said Kena.
Salbeath moaned. She longed for tears but none came. ‘It’s my fault.’
‘No, we always realised you and Tarn were meant for each other and you can’t stop what The Spirits plan.’
Salbeath screamed in anguish again and vanished.

It wasn’t the garden of Halent or her lush, bright countryside. Salbeath was alone and naked in a dusty landscape under a hot sun, like the deserts around Plenth. She saw vague shapes in the distance, images broken into pieces by the heat haze. They grew larger as they came closer, but she couldn’t make out what they were?
‘Clent?’ she shouted, ‘Clent my love, where are you my darling, where are you?’
She stopped as the shapes came near enough to see. Horrible, malformed creatures, part the horrors of a nightmare and part man. As if, their parts were haphazardly put together.  Their eyes burned with hate. Hate for Salbeath’s whole beauty. She stood still watching, she didn’t care if they pulled her to pieces and ate her. Closer and closer they came, their hate washed over her. One large creature approached and Salbeath prepared for death. It resembled a huge insect. It had the torso of a man from which sprouted many segmented legs and two pinchers as long as Salbeath. The eyes stood out on stalks from a man-like head, it opened an eel mouth filled with sharp teeth.
She closed her eyes and waited to die but then sensed a familiar presence. The creatures had gone and this was Halent’s garden.
In a pathetic voice, she asked. ‘Where is he Halent?’
‘He’s not here as we are.’
‘He’s not one of those terrible creatures?’ Tears ran down her face.
‘No, he’s a Spirit waiting in the land of death.’
‘Take me there.’
‘Salbeath, his body is gone and only his spirit lives. He won’t recognise you. Once he’s rested he’ll live again remembering nothing of his earlier life.’
‘Please Halent, please take me there.’ she begged.
‘Salbeath, it’s a disturbing place, memories float through you, and you remember what they’ve forgotten.’
‘Take me to the land of the dead, Halent.’

He took her hand, as they walked the scenery changed until it was dark. There were no moons but many bright stars gave light. She heard whispering but the land appeared empty until something passed through her. It was painful and very cold and she remembered a warm hearth and a bowl of hot rabbit stew. Then it left her with the same unpleasant sensation.
‘Salbeath my dearest one, what was Clent is now fragmented, like the one you sensed. You might stay here and never find one small piece.’
She nodded and Halent led her back into the garden. ‘What happens to him after the land of the dead?’
‘He will coerce into what makes his spirit, without any memories of what he was, and then he’ll be reborn. Salbeath he won’t be Clent. He won’t remember you; he might be a woman or a man of Plenth, anyone.’
‘It’s my fault he’s dead, it’s too soon. He guessed about Tarn, why did I give into my feelings we should have waited. This is what you wanted isn’t it?’ she pulled away. ‘You wanted him dead.’
‘No Salbeath.’
‘Don’t touch me, leave me alone.’

A moment later, she was back on her bed. Still agitated she pulled at the covers. Natalie sat by the bed, waiting.
‘Salbeath, calm yourself,’ she said firmly, ‘you frightened me when you disappeared.’
‘I wanted to find Clent, it’s my fault. I couldn’t find him, he’s gone. He’s in little pieces, his memories scattered.’
Kena came. ‘I’ve ordered tea to calm your nerves. Tarn wants to see you.’
‘No.’
Pen stepped closer, he’d been silent throughout. He sat on the bed and looked at his mother.
‘Pen, did your father have anything to do with Clent’s death?’
‘No. It was his time; no-one helped him to die, not you, not father and not Tarn.’
She cried. ‘I’ll see Tarn. I’ve neglected the children, do they know?’ she had come to her senses, but still vague.
‘Yes mother, and are taking it hard. I’ll tell them you’re better and will see them soon.’

Kena showed in Tarn. Natalie sat in the dressing room to give them privacy. Salbeath stared out of the window seeing nothing. Kena excused herself, and Tarn, unsure whether to be her lover or subject, stood. 
‘I’m sorry Salbeath; Clent was the best of men.’
‘Yes, he was. I went to look for him.’
‘I know.’
‘He was in little pieces.’
‘Was it Halent?’
‘Pen says no, and I believe him. Please sit Tarn; you act as if we’ve changed.’
‘We have. Did you think I could kill him?’
‘No.’
‘You saw Halent?’
‘Yes.’

The silence was profound as both struggled with their feelings. He wanted to hold her but couldn’t make the first move. Neither read the other’s mind.
‘Kena asked me to make a strong sedative to help you sleep, it’s nearly ready.’ It sounded ridiculous as if they were strangers.
‘I don’t want it and I don’t want you to go, I can’t stand being alone.’ She knelt on her knees in front of him and he stroked her hair as she laid her head on his lap. ‘Tarn, I don’t know what to do, Brolan is too young to rule Braystone alone.’
‘Yes, but he’s sensible, you’ll be regent and he has excellent people to advise him, he doesn’t have to be there.’
‘We thought we’d time to train him to be a good ruler. Now his childhood will be too short. It’s not fair and I must blame myself. Clent guessed not all my children were his.’
‘It was bound to happen. I wish I’d known my parents, if yours hadn’t taken in a baby bastard I’d have starved. I count myself lucky to have been a stable boy, and even luckier Fiane saw I had talent. Clent lost his parents horribly and was a good man despite it. He lived a worthy life and we’ll remember that. We should have waited but what might I have become in the meanwhile.’ Salbeath’s eyes searched his. ‘Halent gave us immortality Salbeath, you because he wanted to keep you forever and me because I loved you, and he wanted to punish me.’
‘When Clent lay there broken I thought about following him into The Spirit World. I’d killed old Brun, had my knife in my hands, and then remembered I wouldn’t die. Tarn, he realised Farno and Lira weren’t his children.  As if his buried doubts came to the surface. I wanted to follow him, find him as a Spirit but he’d fallen apart.’
‘Are you sure we can’t die or is it another trick of Halents?’
‘We understand little of that world and I don’t want to know more.’
‘Nor I,’ Tarn said with revulsion.
‘I’ve changed my mind; I’ll have that sedative, but later I must go to the children, they are asking for me worried I might die too.’
He longed to ask how Clent’s death would affect their relationship. In time, he’d be accepted as her lover but not yet.

It was dark and the younger children settled for bed, but when one cried the others started again. Brolan tried to be a man but his eyes were red from weeping. Pen was their support in his mother’s absence; he’d done his best to help them. He stood and watched his face grave with concern for his siblings; he felt their pain, as did Salbeath. Sera, now retired, came to help her charge Brolan and the other children. She’d been a mother to Clent too and cried in Salbeath’s arms.

Back in her room, she sent for Kena and the sedative. Her guilt lessened but not the emptiness, what a stupid end for a great man. This pain was worse than losing her father and brothers to Halent. Everyone’s pain was in Salbeath, and she longed to escape if only until the morning.
‘Clent’s funeral?’ she asked as Kena made her comfortable.
‘In Braystone, Pen is organising it. How are you?’
Salbeath shook her head, ‘I’m ill, I know it takes a long time to get over these things; thanks Kena, you and Natalie hold me together.’
‘We’re getting old, dear one.’
‘And I’m not?’
‘That upset Clent; he imagined growing old and you still young.’
‘Now he won’t, is that what you’re trying to say?’
‘No, we’ll miss him.’
Salbeath slept without dreams.

Clent was buried according to custom, on a hill overlooking Braystone where his ancestors rested. As the stone lifted into place and a simple monument placed over it, Salbeath wondered where his mother and father lay. In an unknown mass grave, or strewn pieces covered by time?  At least their son’s passing would be remembered for a long while. She looked at pale-faced Brolan fighting back tears. One day she’d stand here for her son and his too, hiding beneath a veil. Looking over at the new palace still unfinished, she imagined its bright, pale stone dulled with age.
Tarn, as wizard for both Ranal and Braystone, performed the ceremony. There was no written order, their books burned with their towns and people. Survivors did their best to remember and she noticed Sera, and Ecant, now a bent old man, looked happy with the new version for their much-loved king.
In Ranal the historical way of dealing with bodies was burning. Although since the battle for Ranal, most were now buried, the smoke of death had too many memories. For many years, Salbeath had imagined her father burning, surrounded by his grateful people singing him to The Spirit World where he’d be honoured as a king. After her last visit, she realised the way people dealt with death was unimportant, a comfort only for the living. Her father, and brothers, perhaps reborn as peasant children working in the fields, or still a coalescing fragment of now forgotten memories.
Everyone in Braystone, who could walk or ride to the capital was here, they were devastated. They’d rebuilt their lives and a good, brave, king was dead too soon. Many remembered the early days in the caves of Chira. She sensed their memories. A small child overcome with grief, an older child nearly a man. A clear voice urging they plan for flight, saying the caves wouldn’t protect them forever. Their first meeting; Clent drunk and falling asleep by the fire.
Kena comforted weeping Sera. Natalie stood her face pale and drawn, blaming herself.
Salbeath had no more tears to shed, the inner glow that sustained her was gone and in its place a pallor as pale as her dead husband. She swayed and Tarn came to her side. But as they walked back through the streets of Braystone, it was Brolan’s arm that gave her strength. The streets lined with silent mourners as the royal family walked back to the palace.

When they reached the steps leading to the large, raised platform at the palace’s main door, Salbeath stopped, turned, and waited for the official funeral party to stand behind her.
Salbeath couldn’t find her voice at first and then it came out clear and ringing. ‘People of Braystone here is your new king, and as he is still young, I Salbeath of Ranal will guide him until he is ready to rule alone.’
The elected sheriff presented Brolan with a new standard embroidered with the city’s emblem. He accepted with the dignity of a king as Salbeath took a few steps back.
Next was the Vral Feast. Salbeath would have to suffer Clent’s many friend’s remembering his life, as the beer and wine flowed.
General Thea, still hale and hearty, and their most able minister would temporarily settle in Braystone and stay as regent, as Salbeath and Brolan divided their time between the two palaces. Brolan, nearly fifteen, changed from a boisterous and mischievous boy into a serious scholar, listening to his teachers and advisers. It saddened Salbeath, that like his fathers, his childhood was cut short too.

She and Tarn avoided one another; he went back to Ranal while she stayed in Braystone to help Thea. They met in Ranal a few days after she’d returned, he found her as she looked for a book in Fiane’s tower. Tarn lived here again and he heard her enter. He came close and took her hand in his, he expected a rebuff, but instead, she turned and let him kiss her.
‘I miss you Tarn, but Clent is still real in my heart.’
‘I miss you too. It’s as if I haven’t existed these last two months.’
‘Is it two months? Time enough to come in secret to my bed.’
‘And after the year of mourning?’
‘I’ll announce you and I will marry, once you are a full wizard.’

Twelve months after Clent’s funeral, Salbeath told everyone Tarn was now her lover. Few were surprised and tongues started wagging again. Why was Clent riding alone? Those who saw him leave said he looked angry, some suggested because he’d found out about Salbeath and Tarn? Those who knew didn’t say and the gossip died again.








Chapter 29


Seven years passed. Salbeath had another three children by Tarn, two boys and a girl. He still waited to become a full wizard. Though he was the consort of the most powerful woman in the Six Kingdoms the final test couldn’t be hurried. The Spirit World could polish his arts but it wasn’t a path he considered. Salbeath helped him and at last, he was ready to try.
Brolan was now king in Braystone and more than his handsome face and fine physique showed. Well-trained in arms and the arts of war and politics from Thea, and from his mother he learned herb lore and simple magic. His skills were meagre but he enjoyed what he could manage. They’d built secret passages in his new palace and he extended them further to rival those at Ranal. Pen helped him build magic doors such as his mother had hidden behind as a child. Brolan too liked to disappear away from the court, and here in the darkness had a study that Pen often used. For discipline and knowledge, he copied his grandmother’s books his mother loaned him. Salbeath and Thea knew he’d rule wisely. All he needed now was a suitable wife.

Pen too had grown into a handsome man. Quieter than his siblings he’d learned human magic from his mother. Although mother and son understood there was far more powerful magic they could draw on both were reluctant. He’d told her a long time ago he’d no wish to rule Ranal and warned one day she’d leave Ranal to Farno.  There were whispers Salbeath and Tarn weren’t human because they never aged and the gossip about Clent’s death was re-aired.
It was time to disappear from public view. Farno was proclaimed King of Ranal, as Salbeath and Tarn retired to Tsocathlan for further study. Pen intended to travel and studied Fiane’s old maps. Salbeath and Tarn wanted to travel too so he accompanied them. They looked forward to Tarn and Salbeath’s marriage after Tarn’s final test.

Back in Tsocathlan, they were free for only here was their kind accepted. Salbeath remembered the happy early times she’d had with Clent. She tried not to remember how that changed when she’d been forced to go to Halent. These memories kept her humanity intact. She didn’t look a day over the age when she and Clent married. Tarn too looked the same.  But Calupina and Fiane now looked old. Calupina knew it was her granddaughters and Tarn’s visits to The Spirit World that gave them a long life.
Tsocathlan never changed just the inhabitants. Solt and Suranbe were still alive and retired from public life. Fendal looked much the same. The eldest of his children now married with children of their own. However, he had unmarried daughters and one, Dias, might be a good wife for Brolan, and her son wanted Salbeath to assess his cousin.  Salbeath wanted Brolan’s wife to be his choice and if his cousin didn’t suit, then so be it. Cere was long dead and only missed by his mother. Cara still worked for the sick.

Calupina was as sharp as ever. ‘So you’ll marry Tarn if he passes? You could’ve changed that old law about marrying an equal; we’ve no such law here.’
‘We decided it might add more bad feeling. There’s still gossip about us being lovers before Clent died and our youthful looks make for more comment. I’ve kept away from the public as much as possible, I make them nervous.’ Salbeath’s laugh was far from amused.
Calupina wasn’t amused either. ‘You’ve not checked on Plenth.’
‘I didn’t want to go back,’ said Salbeath with a grim look.
‘As you know, after you drove him crazy they got rid of Pan Alane. His successor is no better our spies say, a weak man and prefers the political to the warrior. Wild men from the north are attacking their northern borders. These men might move this way. We’ve many stories of wild, savage warlords who roam the northern plains with their many tribes. But the latest news is they’ve united under one man and have Plenth itself in their sights.’
‘Tsocathlan is closer than Plenth and the mountain passes are easier. Fiane’s been there he’d know where to keep an eye out.’
‘He’s not been travelling for many years, even his great strength wanes. So is mine. Most of the best adepts are old and fewer are born with gifts as good as their forefathers. Not one of Fendal’s children has more than basic skills.’
‘Brolan is the best of my eldest children and still far removed from ever becoming a good wizard. No matter how much he studies he’d never reach the second grade. Although my youngest son Dele, may do better. I had hope for Fibera but she’s only interested in developing medicine and helping the sick, and I am proud of her.’
‘You forget Pen.’
‘I never forget Pen. None of Fendal’s children?’
‘The merest glimmer, Jaclina the eldest is empathic and like Fibera uses her skills to help others. She works with her Auntie Cara, but no-one else has reasonable skills. Perhaps Dele may come here for training?’
‘If you wish. You worry we may be attacked?’
‘Our good friend En Yarken says there’s a plan for Plenth to combine their armies with the northern tribes, and both armies to attack Tsocathlan. They realise we weaken but now you are back they may think again.’
‘I thought I’d frightened Plenth enough?’
‘Then they’ve forgotten. Our race is doomed to conflict and to repeat the same mistakes. I’m weary Salbeath. It’s as if I’ve stopped growing and am now falling back into myself. Salbeath, soon I’ll die, and then Fiane, and the best adepts. Then it’s up to you. Tarn may make wizard this time but he’ll never be a great one.’
‘Unless he uses The Spirit World is what you are suggesting. Where is this leading grandmother? You never waste breath.’
‘You can’t go back to Ranal or Braystone as yourself. Your children and close friends accept what you are and love you, but everyone else is terrified and of Tarn too. Here in Tsocathlan, you can be yourself. Salbeath, you don’t look real to those of the Six Kingdoms, and here you are loved. You can still visit Ranal and Braystone but discreetly,’ there was a slight panic in her voice.
‘I didn’t think I’d leave Ranal but Tsocathlan will be my home, it must.’
‘We both gave our kingdoms to our sons. Solt was a far better ruler than I was. He gave his energies to it, I couldn’t.’
‘I took no tests yet Tarn must.’
‘There was no need.’
‘Why?’
‘We realised your potential and were a queen in your own right, you needed no endorsement of your status.’
‘As Tarn, a simple orphan, does?’
Calupina ignored her comment. ‘Are you happy Salbeath?’
‘I still miss Clent. Tarn is a good man and I love him as I always have. But part of me will always mourn for Clent, we had matched souls.’
‘What of Halent?’
‘I haven’t seen him but Pen has, he says his father always watches over me.’
‘I can’t understand why he puts up with Tarn, and soon he’ll be your husband.’
‘We wonder too. We concluded he made a mistake taking Tarn there when he was angry with him. Now Tarn will live as long as I, perhaps as long as Halent?’ she sounded wistful.
‘He may not, as you say he’s no wish to go back into The Spirit World to improve. Don’t you ever imagine one day you’ll be weary of this life and live there?’
‘After what I did in Plenth, I worried how I’d changed and I might be better off staying there. I realise I might have to frighten men again if another war threatens. Those people of the plains are the Rima. There are stories in mother’s books. It often crossed my mind Halent came from them.’
‘He might aid them?’ Calupina looked worried.
‘I doubt they need anyone’s help. They are ferocious warriors but I’m concerned more with their shamans as we don’t know enough about their powers.’
‘Another threat only Tsocathlan can deal with Salbeath, and we weaken.’
‘I agree, but I’m more interested in Tarn passing this last test and getting his status. Not just for our children but for us too, he needs the security of marriage.’

The tests were simple, fasting for three days until your mind soars without help from any herb. Then the herbs to give you the dream you must hold onto, if you forget it then you fail. Salbeath did her best to prepare Tarn.
‘I need no reminding about a small, dark cave with only eagles for company.’
‘You’ll do it,’ she knew after his suffering in The Spirit World he’d succeed.

As his mentor, Fiane took him to the cave. It was a long, hard climb and Tarn had to help Fiane on occasion. Fiane took his warm clothes from him and Tarn tried to control his shivering. He couldn’t stand up straight and the only sustenance was a trickle of water dripping down the wall. For the first three days, he was forbidden to taste it. Fiane said nothing but left a small packet. Tarn knew what he must do.

As she waited, Salbeath did her best to keep busy, catching up with friends and relatives, especially Solt and Suranbe. She spoke to Dias, Fendal’s daughter, to see if she thought Brolan might like her, she did. Fendal agreed to make the journey to the Six Kingdoms and let nature take its course or not.
These family discussions helped put Tarn out of mind. Now the day for the drug, this was a dangerous time for it would kill if it took control of the subject’s body. The idea was to control the thoughts the hallucinogen encouraged. Many died or were driven mad, most leaping screaming from the small shelf outside the cave. She sat with her grandmother as Fiane started out to bring Tarn home.
‘Your mind is jumbled Salbeath.’
‘I’m trying not to worry, I’m scared I might corrupt Tarn’s test. Pen is helping me keep my mind away from his.’
‘An ambassador arrived from Plenth, and you and I have the job of interrogating him. He’s been waiting a week for an audience. Solt will ask the questions.’

The man was composed as stately Calupina and Solt entered the room, but when he saw Salbeath, he was terrified. In her deceptively gentle voice, Calupina made the introductions, but he couldn’t take his eyes from the younger witch Salbeath. He’d seen her cut Blau Kelas head from his body. He’d been a young man and the sight of Salbeath wielding her sword always haunted him. He’d no idea she was here, he started to sweat. Calupina asked him to sit, only Salbeath remained standing
Solt opened the discussion. ‘So Birn San, you are here to ask for our help as the letter from your Emperor states?’
He stammered nervously, his eyes kept darting to Salbeath. ‘Yes, we are harassed by the Northmen and can no longer reach our provinces or harvest our crops.’
‘Not so long ago you wanted our lands,’ said Salbeath.
‘That was Pan Alane, Majesty, he’s dead now. Our new Emperor, Pal Enlan, is not foolish and his servants will not fail in their assessments as many of Pan Alane’s did. Then we were foolish, not believing in the power of Tsocathlan and Queen Salbeath.’
Her eyes looked straight into his; he could sense her in his mind. He tried not to panic keeping his thoughts still.
Salbeath smiled and then laughed. ‘Birn San you surprise me.’ Then she became serious. ‘He’s telling the truth, but not about Pal Enlan, who is no better than his predecessor, he too is a fool. His generals advise him but he refuses to listen. He thought he’d placate the Rima by offering women and livestock but it didn’t work.’
‘They took everything offered and then attacked more ferocious than ever, one night they disappeared. I’ve come here not for an army, but to ask for a wizard to help us take our army and find them.’
‘For what reason?’ Solt asked.
‘Destroy them.’
‘You can’t,’ answered Salbeath brusquely. ‘They don’t fight in lines. They’ll trick you into thinking you can win and then disperse, making you divide your army. Then pick off the small groups. Alternatively, they strike first, run, and wait until you are crossing a river or marching through a ravine. They will attack repeatedly until you are depleted of men and everyone is too frightened to sleep. Once you are easy prey they kill you. Safer to defend your main city, and bring who and what you can from the provinces, as that’s where they’ll continue to attack as you are weaker there. Then, they will wait until you starve, and those who survive taken as slaves if suitable, the rest killed.’
He was brave enough to say. ‘Then they’ll come for you.’
‘Yes they will,’ agreed Salbeath. ‘Now, tell me why a wizard can help you?’
‘To save us.’
‘Only the best of us could give the help you imagine, and we can’t give leave for adepts to go with you.’ Salbeath looked over to her grandmother who nodded her agreement.
‘Then Great Goddess will you come, no-one will defeat you,’ he flung himself on the floor in front of her as if she was his emperor.
‘Why would I do that?’
‘To save Ranal. They’ll not stop at Plenth or Tsocathlan.’

His reasoning was sound but she’d no wish to return to Plenth. She turned and left the room leaving Calupina and Solt to carry on the interrogation. She found Pen in her rooms.
‘You heard?’ she asked angrily.
‘Yes, I’ll travel north and look at the Rima.’
‘It’s a long way and you’ll be lonely Pen.’
‘I’m always lonely mother. I don’t belong here and yet I’m not ready to live in the other world either. As for a woman or wife, except for you and my sisters I can’t love anyone. I’ve tried, but they’re not finished as if humans are just the beginning of something greater. I hoped here at Tsocathlan I might …’ he shook his head.
‘Is that why you didn’t want to rule Ranal?’
‘Not entirely, I want to travel further than Uncle Fiane.’
‘It’ll be odd without you Pen, I’ll miss you.’
‘And I you, but we’ll still be in contact. You have to go back to Plenth.’
‘I’m aware of that, but after Tarn and I are married.’
























Chapter 30


Tarn called out to Salbeath as the drug tried to kill him. Pen stopped her responding. Calupina sensed it too and watched as Pen helped his mother to stay out of Tarn’s suffering.
‘Your mother will find it hard while you are away,’ she said as they watched Salbeath pacing.
‘Yes grandmother, but I’ve always wanted to travel and this gives me a good reason to assess the Rima. She needs no help with Plenth. I won’t go until Tarn is back and they are married.’
‘It isn’t just for your siblings,’ said Salbeath, ‘it’s for Tarn too.’ However, she remembered Clent, and Calupina gasped as she read her memories. ‘I tried to find the pieces but they’d separated, it was like trying to gather the winds.’
‘It’s similar to our ancient mythologies,’ suggested Calupina, ‘they suggest there’s one love for everyone, and that they come back again after their death to find their earlier love.’
‘The ballad of Cas and Petrole?’ suggested Pen, ‘so what of Tarn and Halent? Grandmother, I’m not a spirit and as much their slave as you are. True my father waits for my mother, but he waits because he knows someday she’ll say yes.’
‘And Tarn?’ asked Calupina.
‘One day mother you will tire of this world and Tarn will stay, yes that’s possible?’ Pen shrugged.
‘No,’ insisted Salbeath, ignoring Pen’s suggestion. ‘I want to find Clent’s new body and if it’s a girl then I’ll love her as a daughter.’
Pen soothed her before she affected Tarn. 
‘Pen, will you contact me with news about the Rima if your mother isn’t here?’
‘Yes. I’m interested in mother’s idea that father might have come from them. I will pretend to be one.’
‘I won’t go back to Ranal with Tarn and Fendal as planned. As my husband, Tarn can arrange a wedding and stand in for me. I have to go to Plenth but I don’t want to be the Salbeath I believe I am.’
Pen suggested an alternative. ‘Why don’t I go with you, and then I’ll head north?’
Salbeath was relieved. ‘Thank you, Pen. Grandmother, may I take acolytes again, they don’t all have to be key adepts?’
‘I’ll ask.’

Tarn came from the mountain, weak, shivering and needing help to walk, Pen assisted both he and Fiane. But he’d survived ‒ no doubts now as to his status, he’d marry Salbeath. When he recovered they married, but Clent’s ghost hid behind every pillar and stared in at every window and door.
She’d not yet told him about her forthcoming journey to Plenth. They rode into the mountains to be alone.
‘Must you go?’ Tarn asked. ‘Send Pen, he can frighten them ‒ he scares me even when he’s kind.’ He joked, but Salbeath didn’t laugh.
‘And lose his innocence too, Tarn? I don’t want that, I don’t want him to suffer.’
‘What about our suffering?’
‘True and it’s affected us, remember how you became when Halent played with you? My pain is Plenth; I’m still not over it.’
‘Feel guilty?’
‘I wish I did, that man I killed deserved it. A queen never does her own dirty work, now I realise why. A warrior who kills in battle often finds peace. I’m wary of what I might become; you saw how Halent imagined me in a possible future?’
‘Where was I in that future I wonder?’
Salbeath changed the subject. ‘Brolan’s looking forward to meeting Dias, and Fendal has everything arranged. He can’t change everything on our whims, so you can’t come with me. Stand in for me with Brolan and Dias.’
‘They may not like each other?’
‘They may not, but he knows he needs a wife, he’s far too free with his sexual appetites.’
‘Pen’s no better and yet you approve of his.’
‘I never realised I treated them differently.’
‘You do, you’re less protective of Pen than your other children.’
‘Do you still wonder who your parents were and why your mother left you on the high table?’
‘Your father told me how she died. I used to wonder if…’
‘What?’
‘Nothing.’
‘Tell me? I wondered about my brother Talt, he was old enough to father a child when you were born.’ She knew Tarn worried Brolan was his father.
Tarn laughed, ‘That’d make you my aunt, and this marriage wouldn’t be legal.’
‘Fiane checked that a while ago, there’s nothing in law. Six hundred years ago, an ancestor married his niece. Not enough princess’s I suppose, the Ranal rules on marriage change for convenience.’
‘Salbeath?’
‘When Fiane took you as his acolyte I wondered if we are related, Fiane did too.’
‘But I was hopeless at first; you understood it’d be years until I qualified as a full wizard. We’ve no secrets and yet you kept that from me?’
‘As you did, you believed my father was yours?’
Tarn looked shocked, ‘Not at first, but Brolan came and told me that my mother was dead and he knew her. I found out later she was a whore, and after my birth, she put me on the table and died not long afterwards. He said she gave me up so I might have a better life. It was a dream, a boy’s longing for a family, and I wanted my father to be Brolan.’
It was possible but Elder Brolan was happy with her mother. Basila went to Tsocathlan sometimes, and occasionally he got drunk. After her mother died, he had a mistress, Valea, the widow of one of his friends. Not a beauty like Basila and not looking to be a queen. A gentlewoman escaping from the “charity” of her cruel daughter-in-law. She’d loved Valea too and when she died one cold winter, grieved for her as had her father.
Tarn’s emotions were confused. He went for his horse, tightened the girth, and rode away.
‘Wait!’ he heard Salbeath galloping after him. ‘Tarn wait, why argue, we’ll never find out now. Forgive me, if I’ve hurt you? Please, we have only been married a few days and we rarely quarrel.’
‘No, it’s my fault,’ he said, reining his horse to face her, ‘those few days in the mountains were very difficult. I remembered what Halent did and relived it again. I kept repeating the same words to keep me sane. I must marry Salbeath to legitimise our children so they can have the titles and a life due to them.’
‘Thank you, Tarn.’
‘It wasn’t as painful as when one of Halent’s foul creatures gave me this,’ he touched his scar. ‘Halent twisted my mind. I expected him to turn up and laugh at me. I never want to go back there.’
‘Please forgive me, the last thing I wanted to do was upset you.’
‘You should forgive me for my short temper.’
Salbeath changed the subject, ‘Do you like Dias?’
‘Yes, she’s sensible as is her mother, but I don’t like the old ways of forcing people to marry because of rank,’ he made a face. ‘There are unwed women in Braystone who fill the criteria as “noble”. True Dias outshines them, but what if Brolan loves one of them. Salbeath, I’m not needed in Ranal, Farno and Brolan can rule alone. I should come with you to Plenth?’
‘No, Pen’s coming; he’ll keep me out of mischief.’

























Chapter 31


She was back in The Spirit World, in Halent’s bright garden and he stood a few steps away, he didn’t move or speak just looked at her.
‘There’s no need for theatricals I was busy talking to Tarn.’
‘He’s unaware, I’ll get you back before he notices. You were successful terrifying the Plenth the first time. While you live who’d dare make war on any of your family and friends?’ he moved to face her, looking into her eyes.
As usual, her body responded. He smiled, as he sensed her lust.
‘Salbeath, you will live longer than Plenth will exist, just as I will, and Tarn too,’ his voice showed his jealousy. 

Salbeath rode to Plenth as its saviour instead of an avenger. A role she preferred; although she wondered if she experienced the corruption and double-dealing that was the heart of Plenth, could she ignore it? They must be terrified of her and yet desperate to seek her help.
Birn San never left her side, he might be frightened of her, but he still desired her. After an imaginative daydream, she terrified him even more by saying, ‘I’m not the Goddess Mua, do you imagine I’d sleep with you?’
He looked away from Salbeath’s mocking eyes, ‘Please, I beg your forgiveness Majesty. My father says an over imaginative mind can be a curse. I forget you are a witch and can read my mind.’
‘I’d crush the life from you Birn San,’ she replied and turned her horse to go to Pen at the rear.
Silently he asked, is that why you never read your friends minds just your enemies? Many men have dreams like Birn San.
She looked away, remembering the queen portrayed in Halent’s vision. I’m frightened by that possibility, a cruel queen driven by lust. Everyone I ever loved but you and Tarn, dust. Braystone and Ranal changed beyond recognition or ground back into the dirt. Tarn says he’ll never set foot into The Spirit World again and he can’t stay in this one forever, or can he?
I can only guess. Father tells us many things as if he knows everything The Spirit World might do, but he doesn’t. Everyone returns there. We’ll seek rest from this one. As long as you are here I’ll stay too, I promise.
I know but I need my husband. Birn San’s thoughts were interesting. I’ve decided I won’t go to the Rima; I’ll go back to Tarn.
Most of the Rima surround Plenth again.

Pen cast his mind to the Rima. Salbeath saw groups of tall, light-haired men camped on the plains of Plenth, women and children too. Salbeath noticed with distaste the ugly hats and stiff tunics worn by the women and the way they were subservient to their men, like the Plenth.
‘I don’t care for the way they treat their women,’ she told Pen aloud.
‘They worship Mua too; the same deity as the Plenth, but her name is Musma, the goddess who lends strength to their swords and their manhood.’  She followed the scenes in Pen’s head as he looked around the area. A man sat under a tree and she gave a gasp for he was Halent, a Halent before he became a “god”. The same handsome face, and fine physique. ‘It’s not father,’ he said, ‘but he senses we stare at him, he must be a shaman. Your idea’s correct; it looks as if father was a Rima.’
‘This war is Halent’s doing isn’t it?’
‘You’re eager to blame father for everything,’ he looked over at her. ‘You’ll bed this man, your appetites grow, and you’re trying not to give in to them, father knows. Tarn knows too.’ His voice was expressionless, he gave his beloved mother pain, but it was time to admit the truth, she had to prepare for the changes that would come.
‘Pen, don’t say this,’ she whispered aloud, as if in pain.
‘You’ll make the excuse; it’s the easiest way to help Plenth. And then Tsocathlan, Ranal, Braystone, the Six Kingdoms, and finally you’ll admit that it’s for you.’ Pen’s expression changed and he became more animated. ‘Don’t be fooled because they appear primitive, that man may have power similar to Fiane. As he didn’t have Tsocathlan teachers and libraries, he doesn’t use it as well as uncle does. He can be cruel and he wants to rule the world as he sees it, and he sees a great deal.’
‘Is he similar to Halent?’
‘No, father had little choice, but Litzol does, and he’s sat on the plains of Plenth for one reason, he’s waiting for you. He’s impatient and obsessed; you are the only one fit to be his queen.’
‘He must be crazy. Pen, did you realise this before we left Tsocathlan?’ 
‘No, I wanted to discover the strange power of shamans among the Rima.’ 
‘I’m expected to breed with the human version of Halent?’
‘The Spirits wish it,’ he said, and then his voice changed. ‘I only see the future mother, I don’t make it.’
Salbeath ached for a man and that man was Tarn. In her dreams, she remembered Clent or Halent; she didn’t want a dirty primitive. Pen felt her struggle and passion and urged his horse away as the tears coursed down her cheeks. Pen wept too.

She opened the mountains of Plenth; the small party rode through, and saw the plains covered with the skin tents of the Rima as they had seen in Pen’s mind. The Rima let them pass. Their new king told them she was coming, and will be their queen, so they fell to their knees as instructed as she approached. She looked at Pen, he spoke the truth, The Spirits wanted this and she might fight it, but it’d happen. Pen was as unhappy, he loved Tarn and knew one day this would destroy him.

Pal Enlan was identical to his predecessor although Salbeath sensed he was more cunning than Pan Alane. She saw the new statues of Mua, painted white over gold with the pink nipples as the women of her race. She guessed what that meant, and half-wanted to laugh and half to cry. She thought of Halent. How easier it’d be to go to The Spirit World, and live with him. This life grew more complicated with every day.
Pal Enlan grovelled on the floor with the rest of his ministers. ‘Get up!’ Salbeath said, her voice curt and strong, even though her spirit hadn’t been this low since Clent died. ‘I said get up,’ there was anger in her voice. ‘How can we converse when you insist on grovelling on the ground? I’m not in the mood to kill you, but I might if you don’t stand.’
Pen stood back with the rest of the hooded adepts, he always kept in the background. He urged her to keep control. Pal Enlan stood up and his retainers followed suit. But he still bowed his head as if afraid to gaze at her.
‘Look at me or I’ll turn you to stone.’ The emperor looked up, she looked more human than he had imagined and more lovely. She smiled but it did not extend to her eyes, and he shivered. ‘So the Rima surround you.’
‘Yes, Great Goddess,’ Pal Enlan agreed.
‘I am no goddess,’ she snapped, ‘Majesty will do.’
‘Majesty, we have little food for they arrived as we were about to harvest our crops. They stole our grain and have beaten back our armies as they tried to get them to leave.’
‘And yet they let Birn San and his soldiers ride to Tsocathlan?’
‘The great Goddess Mua heard our prayer and blinded the eyes of our enemies as they stole past their guards.’
Salbeath lifted her eyebrows, ‘I doubt that; their king is a great warlock and he’s playing games with you.’
‘We’ve not heard from our other cities, they may be destroyed. I beg for your help.’
‘What I need is a bath and food. I will talk about this with you later.’
The Emperor gazed at Birn San who came forward bowing low. ‘Come this way, Your Majesty, everything is ready for you.’
‘I remember the way.’ 
Birn San led them to the same set of rooms they had occupied on their last visit.
One of the female acolytes helped Salbeath out of her travel clothes. ‘We should get these cleaned if we have time?’
‘I doubt they would know how to Para, they wear silks and cotton, just rub in the fuller’s earth.’
‘I packed some.’ Salbeath smiled at her. ‘The Rima should be expert fullers; the men wear skins and the women rough wool skirts. However, from the odours I doubt they clean much. I had a feeling of apprehension as we rode through their camps.’
‘Pen says they expected us. Para, you are exhausted, go to sleep, my ridiculous bath is filled. Their aquifer will disappear soon, with these absurd baths. Do the same and get food and rest. I’ll look after myself. My grandmother told you to act as my maid but I’m not as tired as you.’
‘I need to get out of these sandy robes,’ Para admitted. ‘I’ll freshen up our clothes first, so call me if you need me.’
Salbeath nodded and walked through to the bath filled with warm water, the usual servants had left, terrified of the “goddess”. She climbed in and sighed with relief. The plumbing at Ranal and Braystone was upgraded and Tsocathlan luxurious, but nothing as extravagant a bathroom as in Plenth. A city in a desert, dependent on an underground water supply that one day would dry up, the rivers too. Perhaps the city might disappear under the sand one day as the empty water cavern collapsed. 
A little later Pen entered and she opened her eyes. He’d changed from his adepts clothes to those of a prince. ‘Am I forgiven, mother?’
‘I wasn’t angry with you Pen, but with myself.’
Pen sat in a chair. Salbeath lay back again but the water cooled and she’d no wish to call the terrified Plenth servants for more warm water or use energy to warm it. She used the herbal soap to wash her hair. Pen poured the ready jugs over her. They were cold and she gasped.
‘You enjoyed that, you could have warmed the water, pass me the towels will you?’ Neither was worried about being naked, the body was not a mystery, the mind was. ‘Something human about enjoying a bath, I always look forward to my first in my bathroom at Tsocathlan after being away. Have you rested?’
‘A short while, most of the others are asleep but we’ve posted guards. Para is still mothering everyone but she must rest soon. Are you calm mother?’
‘The part of me I hope will be forever human and enjoy a bath, is.  That part hopes you are wrong and my spirit part knows you are not. Thank the Gods I still have both. So the man is Litzol, and you believe he’ll become part of my life? Tarn is not the best of wizards but he’ll find out. Then come to take me back with the armies of the Six Kingdoms for backup.’
‘He expects you back in Tsocathlan in weeks not months. Don’t forget there may be an important family wedding soon.’
‘Brolan will understand but not Tarn.’
‘I’ll take the adepts back soon and then what, do I leave you here? Then I must stay with Tarn, to persuade him you have to stay for everyone’s sake. You are more than a match for Litzol and Plenth is terrified of you.’
‘Did you notice the statues?’
‘Mua, Musma, or Salbeath?’
‘That makes me angry.’
‘Because you’re afraid of becoming like father?’
‘I’m more concerned the Rima are high on the nose.’
‘Litzol’s no fool.’
‘Any chance you’re wrong?’
‘I’ve looked for an alternative ‒ nothing so far. I thought to guard your sleep.’
Salbeath nodded gratefully. She took her hair out of the towel and used her powers to dry it. Standing up the towel fell and she walked back into the bedroom, where she climbed between the cool silken sheets and was quickly asleep.

Pen sat and watched her, as concerned as Salbeath as to what would happen when Tarn found out. Was he mature enough to understand, as Clent had about Halent? Pen knew he wasn’t. Tarn’s life had been one disappointment after the other. So was Clents. Before Clent died he was riding back to forgive Salbeath and tell her he understood. Pen knew this and couldn’t tell his mother. She’d disappear into The Spirit World again looking for the new Clent. Her husband was gone, his memories floating, separated in the nothingness for the new human waiting to be born. He wept for her, and Clent, and Tarn, for he knew there was more pain to come.

Salbeath dressed for seduction when she met the emperor. She looked like Mua, in a sheer Plenth-style dress with her breasts bare. The likeness between the terrible queen and the awful goddess was striking, and many fell to their knees shaking with fear. Pen escorted his mother.
The city might starve but their ruler’s table was still full. Birn San was there to help the discussion and as expected, they begged her to meet Litzol and ask him to leave. If she succeeded, Plenth would send a caravan of luxury goods to Tsocathlan and the Six Kingdoms as payment.

Salbeath lay awake, she should refuse and go back to Tsocathlan, then remembered the vision of her as a cruel and awful majesty. That mustn’t happen, she hadn’t given the Plenth an answer but she’d “persuade” Litzol to leave the Plenth alone. She tossed and turned, and as dawn came mind-called Tarn and said she’d meet the Rima.
She wore Plenth clothes again. Birn San organised a litter carried by scared slaves. Pen and the other adepts followed. She could see through the fine curtains and smell the Rima. The litter stopped and she waited for Pen to help her alight. As expected Litzol waited, he had a huge smile as if the negotiations were over and he had the prize. Now she was close she saw he only bore a vague resemblance to Halent.
‘Queen Salbeath,’ he bowed in greeting. Salbeath’s nose registered he had bathed and wore clean clothes. 
‘King Litzol?’ Salbeath did not return the bow. He held out his hand, which she took, it was as if they’d been struck by lightning.

They were shown into a clean smelling tent. Litzol offered a fermented drink that Salbeath and Pen refused. The old serving-woman left and the negotiations started.
‘I must soon leave the Plenth and go home; we need to discuss a truce between you.’ Salbeath said haughtily as if speaking to a naughty child.
‘And what do I get if I do as you ask?’ he still smiled but was unsure.
‘I have been instructed to offer you as much gold and jewels and fine fabrics as you wish.’ Litzol laughed, and Salbeath ignored him. ‘They need the return of their livestock, but agree you may keep half the grain and other crops.’
‘I only have to wait for starvation and disease to kill them.’
‘You want something else?’
‘You.’
Pen, who stood behind his mother decided it might be better he left and withdrew.
‘You are mad, I have a husband.’
‘I’ve wanted you since The Spirits showed me your face in a pool. I watched your reflection for years. I want nothing else. I’ll keep half the grain as you suggest.’ He knew she hid her anger.
‘You are an excellent wizard to see me without me sensing it.’
‘If I’m truthful I must have had help, don’t you agree?’
‘You speak excellent Tsocathlan.’
‘My people have had contact with your race. I’ve not needed to learn it from the pool. Your son is a fine wizard; he knows we are fated to be lovers.’
For a long time they looked at each other until Salbeath put her lips on his, they tasted salty.






Chapter 32


Pen and the adepts waited for Salbeath to re-emerge. He didn’t intrude on her thoughts and kept his own mind empty. Litzol helped her into the litter. Pen knew Litzol’s eyes didn’t leave the litter until it was out of sight. He sighed, this was the last thing he wanted even if his mind told him it had to happen, his mother had fallen in love with Litzol.

Back at the palace, Salbeath sent everyone away. Pen didn’t go with them.
‘I’ve never felt that way. I loved Clent, love Tarn, but I’ve never felt like that, why should it differ? Halent’s pleasure wasn’t real, but this is human.’
‘You blame yourself for Clent’s death,’ he had to say it.
‘Pen?’
‘He’d forgiven you; he understood Tarn would be your next husband and why he was your lover and not that you loved him less. He’d been suspicious a long time but looking at Farno and Lira convinced him. He’d decided not to let it interfere with your relationship but to ignore it and was coming home with thoughts of you in his bed that night. It was an accident, Brun reared as a rabbit popped out of its burrow.’

Salbeath sank on to the floor. ‘Pen, I thought I could trust you.’
‘I’ve been waiting for the right time. After you visited The Spirit World to find Clent, you were ill. I thought if I told you, you might try again. Then you recovered and I didn’t want to re-open the wounds.’
‘They’ve never healed.’
‘Mother, I waited for the right time.’
She wasn’t angry, she knew his reasoning, felt his emotions and understood them. ‘Yes.’
‘Clent would’ve become a bitter, old man, no matter how hard he tried.’
‘I understand why you didn’t tell me, but I’d have been spared so much guilt.’
‘Do you realise you’ve started a life?’
‘No.’ she stood up and went over to the window to look out as she considered the news. ‘I’m taking herbs to prevent it, it shouldn’t happen. Is this your father's plan?’
‘No.’
‘Litzol’s power is greater than we imagined?’
‘That’s hard to measure; he’s different from the wizards we know. The shaman of the Rima have no books or schools, they use different methods. Add hallucinatory drugs to instinct, and strange, ancient rituals, ridiculous to our eyes but something works, perhaps with help?’
‘He knows about The Spirit World, and wants me to take him there.’
‘Will you?’ Pen gazed out of the window too.
She shook her head. ‘Make another Halent, no. What Litzol wants is understandable, a place to stay put and build towns. Most of their land is too cold to grow crops well. So they move from one area to another living off their animals and hunting and gathering what little the place offers. It’s a hard life and a short one. I understand he wants to settle and build a prosperous kingdom, just as my ancestors did.’
‘Those lands are occupied.’
‘The siege is a feint to get me here. He wants to travel west and show me the sea. Those far lands are empty of people, with abundant animal life and the sea is full of fish. Imagine the sea,’ she had only seen a picture in a book, ‘even Fiane didn’t get that far.’
‘And what of Tarn?’
‘You’ll stop him following me.’
‘On the other hand, you could go home and pretend the child is his. Litzol and he look similar.’
‘Where is home? In the Six Kingdoms, I have to hide my face. You’d think the last person I’d fall for would be someone who reminds me of Halent.’
‘Then Tsocathlan.’ Pen walked over to pour wine from an elaborate gold jug.  ‘Does he love you in the same way father did?’
‘What do you mean?’ she asked wide-eyed and then understood the question. ‘No, Litzol is just a man.’ She was embarrassed as memories of their lovemaking came to mind.
Pen handed her a wine, ‘It’s a long way ‒ you’ll be gone at least a year.’
‘I find the idea exciting, part of me wants to go home to Tarn and the other wants to dance in the sea winds with the Rima.’
‘Another part wants to be with my father but you never acknowledge that.’
‘Yes,’ she admitted, ‘but not yet, he hurt me in many ways and is responsible for the deaths of so many I loved. I can’t forgive him but only you know I want him.’  There was silence as they sipped the excellent wine. Pen understood his mother’s feelings.
‘Have you ever loved, Pen? I worry about you and human ways, but not as much as Tarn, sometimes he’s….’
‘Unstable?’ suggested Pen.
‘Yes, so please go home and look after him.’
‘Tarn may not have our skills but he’s far from stupid, he’ll suspect something and come after you.’
‘Then do whatever it needs to stop him.’
‘I can do that, but somewhere in his mind, he’ll seek the truth. Are you leaving soon?’
‘In three days, at first I thought to go alone but I’ll ask Flavina if she minds going with me. She’s young enough to make the long journey and her younger children are safe in her sister’s care. Her husband died recently; perhaps she’d welcome a change to help her forget.’

Salbeath’s goodbyes were painful. She and Pen didn’t speak aloud but Pen reassured his mother. I’ll come looking for you if you stay away too long.
I’ll come back after this son is born.
Litzol will be angry.
I told him I can’t stay, he thinks I’ll change my mind but he’s wrong.
Be careful, he’s cruel, ruthless, and very cunning. He seeks power and he knows you can show him how to get it. Your feelings for him make you vulnerable. Call father if you need help.
Salbeath shook her head.

She found Litzol. In public, he appeared impassive; it wasn’t a trait of his people to show their feelings in public because it was weak.  He’d no intention of letting her return to Tarn, but as yet he’d no way of stopping her. When he’d found a way into The Spirit World he’d have power as great as she. He watched Pen and the Tsocathlan’s leave with relief, he knew Pen and he were enemies and that Pen was far more powerful than he presented. And her husband, if he were dead she’d have no excuse to go back to stay, but how to kill a man who’d lived in The Spirit World? He thought he could keep his thoughts from Salbeath but he misjudged her power, mother and son heard his reasoning.
Take care of Tarn my son, said Salbeath.
Mother come home with me, he’s dangerous.
All the more need to stay; I must curb his desire for power.
Could he corrupt you?
Is that a vision of my future?
No, I have none.
My fever will burn out, I’ll be fine.
Pen opened a gap in the mountains. Salbeath and Flavina rode beside Litzol, as they started on their long journey to find the sea.



























Chapter 33


Flavina, a powerful adept, stayed close to Salbeath. She too realised Litzol wasn’t to be trusted. Salbeath was right about her; the adept longed to get away from the reminders of her late husband and she had no need to worry about her children. The same could be said of Salbeath too. This journey would help her grieve for Clent, a pain that never left; away from all the memories perhaps she might find peace at last.
Many of these people’s habits were revolting. The people of the Tsocathlan took delight in cleanliness and travelling in the same clothes for a long period was repulsive. Flavina tried to scavenge water so they might stay clean. But she was refused entry to the water barrels until Litzol said the queen’s servant was to be given everything she asked.
Litzol’s many wives and concubines followed their master and his new woman. A few were relieved Litzol hadn’t bothered with them since Salbeath. Most hated her, including two due to give birth, and allowed to travel on the food wagons. Salbeath realised there’d be trouble; she didn’t have to read their thoughts or listen to their conversation to know they planned to kill her.

After a few weeks travel Salbeath still enjoyed the journey, unlike Flavina who found the trek monotonous and longed for her cool house in Tsocathlan. Her body ached from the long ride. The Rima started at dawn and ceased only as the sun disappeared in an ever-changing blaze of colour.
Litzol’s servants cooked and put up the tents. Flavina wasn’t a servant and Salbeath made sure everyone knew that. As they drifted westwards, the best hunters looked for game, but it was scarce. Once over the low mountains and onto the endless plains the winds blew hard with no trees to find shelter against it. Every night Litzol came to Salbeath. Flavina helped her into the thin Plenth-style clothes although it was cold.
‘I’m freezing Salbeath, just looking at you makes me shiver, and during the day all you wear is that sleeveless jerkin. We are going north and west, so it’ll get even colder.’
‘Uncle Fiane has been north to where the ground never thaws out, but I don’t think we’ll go that far. Wear my old sheepskin riding coat.’
‘I will unless you need it.’
‘I’ll wear your cloak. Any less home-sick?’
‘No, I miss our people, these Rima are not talkative.’
‘I appreciate your company.’
‘Imagine your grandmother’s anger if we’d let you come alone?’
‘Is she worried?’
‘Yes, but she agrees with you.’ She changed to mind speech. I told her Litzol wasn’t trustworthy… she said he’ll be easier to manage than Halent…

Their conversation stopped, interrupted as the tent flap opened, Salbeath’s stomach fluttered as if always did when Litzol arrived. ‘You are late,’ she said, but her eyes showed love.
Flavina sensed Salbeath was in love no matter what she thought of Litzol, and she agreed with Calupina. It wasn’t as serious a relationship for Salbeath as for Litzol. Taking the jacket Salbeath offered her and leaving the cloak she left. Litzol pulled Salbeath into the furs that made their bed.  Flavina slept in Litzol’s tent.

After their lovemaking, Salbeath lay in the smoky, lamplight, half-awake. ‘It must be three years since I first saw your face,’ said Litzol. ‘A vision came in the deep caves of the Mountains of Urstat as I waited to contact The Spirits. It was pitch black, a flame started from nowhere and in the flames, a woman formed. Her skin pale and unblemished as if untouched by the sun, and her body tall and strong. I was aflame as she ran her hands over her as if to entice me. She bowed, her long, black hair fell forward, and then she flung it back so I could see bright eyes that looked into mine. As if she said, “I burn for you, have me,” I moved towards her but as I neared she disappeared.’
‘There’s more?’
‘I had your description from scouts we sent south. My father had word of a strange Rima, a king over what you call the Six Kingdoms and of his beautiful Witch Queen. I saw you many times in pools of water or in the campfires. I’d have marched on Tsocathlan, Ranal, and Braystone to have you or die in the attempt. My last sighting was six months ago, then it stopped. I took my armies to Plenth and waited for you.’
She turned to look at him. ‘I love you Litzol, I don’t want to but I do. But I’ll betray you if I have to, my people come before me, or us.’
‘I’d leave mine to go with you and so I’m dishonoured. I should’ve struggled against my lusts but I didn’t. Do I want power over the world or a woman? If my people knew my choice they’d kill me.’
‘I sensed your thoughts but deep within there’s a craving to be as Halent, a Rima who ruled over most of the world. I feel it here,’ she touched his sculptured stomach. ‘It’s not just your lust for me but to make the Rima the greatest race the world has seen.’
‘Aargh!’ he groaned. His real ambitions emerged.
‘No matter, we love each other but I can’t stay with you.’
‘I won’t let you leave.’
‘I carry our son,’ she felt his joy. ‘But after his birth, I’ll go home,’ she sensed his despair. ‘We can meet to curb your ambitions as much as make love.’
‘And how will your husband react?’
‘You don’t fool me and your spies can’t kill him.’
‘How do you know my plans?’
‘I’m a witch and Tarn can look after himself. I agree with most of your ideas. Your children with full stomachs, and no longer wandering but growing crops and building homes. Not everyone will agree, many want to roam as their ancestors did. I’ll help you and send people who can show you how to succeed. How to plough the land, grow your crops, build houses, but I can’t stay.’
‘Do you love your husband?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then how can you love me too?’
‘There are stories or songs of perfect love and valour our people sing, most are fantasies, fairy stories. Those who find one perfect love are rare but honoured. Litzol, if you bring your armies south to our lands I will fight you and I’ll win.’
He grimaced. ‘Sueneest says that will be our last meeting but he doesn’t know the outcome.’
‘The elder shaman?’
Litzol nodded, ‘Salbeath I won’t bring my army to your lands.’
‘The future can change.’
Litzol didn’t believe her. ‘Sueneest lives near the pass on the way to the sea and he wants to meet you.’ He rolled onto his back and looked at the ceiling. ‘No Rima admits he loves a woman even when he does.’
‘Something else to learn, you need more than ploughs and seeds.’ She dismissed Tarn’s face from her mind, he tried to reach her, but she pretended she slept. Then Clent’s face floated out of the darkness and Halent’s too. Litzol reached for her again. She understood they would betray each other, but for this moment, he was everything.

It was even colder when they reached the low mountains where Sueneest lived. Salbeath still wore her sleeveless jerkin, and increasing mutterings said she was the Goddess Musma and how she might kill them. Her only concession to the cold was to tie her hair back against the winds. Flavina was grateful for the sheepskin coat and agreed to take her cloak back too. Salbeath sensed Litzol watching her. If she didn’t have her family responsibilities, she’d stay longer. She was torn between her deep, warm, comfortable love for Tarn and the overwhelming desire for this primitive Rima. It dulled her senses and made her dreamy. She was young again, the girl who loved her dearest friend and ran away as they were about to consummate that love. She smiled remembering, she risked much to be here. As Clent had, would Tarn understand?
Litzol rode next to her. ‘Are you sure you’re warm enough?’ he had to whisper, afraid of being overheard asking about her comfort.
‘I’m fine. We’re close to your shaman; he’s trying to read my mind.’
‘Can he?’
‘No.’
‘It’s not far now, we should try to get there before the night comes. We have to leave our horses and climb the last part.’

It was a hard climb but Litzol strode confidently up the non-existent path, Salbeath followed. Then over sure, Litzol lost his footing on the loose scree, Salbeath made a grab for him and put him back on the path.
‘How did you move so fast?’ He thought, how can I get such power, it must be from The Spirit World?
Salbeath gave him a strange, knowing smile. ‘I’m sorry I ruffled your Rima male pride.’
‘I’m used to it,’ he laughed. ‘It’ll be dark soon there’s a ledge not far and we’ll camp there until light.’
‘I can see in the dark. Hold on to the back of my jerkin and I’ll guide you.’

It was night when they reached the wide ledge in front of Sueneest’s cave. The entrance was covered with skins to keep the winds out. Salbeath pulled them aside and entered. Sueneest sat on his bed near a fire, the smoke rose lazily up to the ceiling into the darkness. He was ancient and had a scraggly beard, unlike most Rima. It struck Salbeath how few old men travelled with them.
‘It’s a hard life for old men in the saddle, although I followed the herds until only a few years ago. But as you suspect those old ones who can’t contribute, climb their last mountain, or find a forest and wait for death. They can’t burden the young ‒ there’s not enough food to waste. Every Rima knows when his time is over. Mine will come soon; I waited for you. I can’t see well with my eyes but I’ve seen you in my mind and you’re lovelier than a human woman.’
‘I am a human woman,’ Salbeath controlled a surge of anger.
‘You deny the truth. Part of you is human, The Spirit World wanted you, and you accepted to your advantage. Most it destroys and others it strengthens. It uses you as it does your true consort.’ Litzol’s ambitions soared, unaware the reference was to Halent. ‘Those it does not want it drives mad.’ These words were for Litzol but again he didn’t listen. Sueneest tried again. ‘Our self-proclaimed king has the choice of the most desirable of our women, but he turned his back on them for the love of just one woman, you. A witch who’ll betray him, but not his people.’ Litzol heard and was angry. ‘Haven’t I warned you, you bring a bright future to our kind but you will pay the price? Sit.’
He showed them a pile of furs. Litzol sank cross-legged onto them doing his best to control his temper. He loved his mentor and revered him but was convinced Sueneest was wrong. A girl brought beer and an older woman bowls of the tasteless broth the Rima started a meal with, then cheeses and flatbread. Bread and cheese was a luxury.
‘My man Brafet,’ Sueneest pointed to a man sat crossed-legged by the cooking hearth, ‘is a wise hunter. We have a small herd of hardy animals in the hills. Dura does a good job of looking after them,’ the girl blushed as she refilled their beer mugs. ‘Litzol and his peers bring me grain when they can, a rare event as we don’t have enough cereal because our lands are poor and cold. Near the sea, the soil is thicker, richer, but we only go there to fish and smoke it for our long winters.’
Salbeath nodded. ‘Litzol explained many fear to leave the homelands as their souls wander alone. I miss bread, we have fresh every day,’ she thought for a moment of fat Buscombe, now dead like many of her old friends.
‘As you say Salbeath, there’s much we have to change if we are to prosper as you do. You’ll help us grow grain; find the best areas to live and teach us how to use them wisely, this you have promised. Most realise life in a permanent building is easier than moving with the winds. It will take time but we are resourceful people. You still eat, did your husband?’
Salbeath laughed, ‘Rarely.’
‘He was more spirit than a man?’
‘Perhaps, or more a man than spirit. No more riddles, why ask me to visit?’
‘I want to sense your power,’ he looked frightened. ‘When you destroyed Pan Alane you used little power. I saw it, sat here watching the fire, I was cursed or blessed with this vision.’
‘Trained at Tsocathlan you could move the mountains apart, any good adept can, and we work in concert to conserve our powers. Your peers are too scared or arrogant to share their skills, the Rima have more to learn than farming. Are you prepared?’ 
She’d play her hand, frighten the tribes who came with Litzol and warn him not to take the lands she protected.
‘No Salbeath!’ Litzol shouted, frightened.
The old man’s eyes rolled back and he flailed his hands in the air in fright. His head fell forward, but he did not wake.
‘What have you done,’ Litzol hadn’t seen the vision Suenesst described.
‘Nothing but what he asked and he’ll wake up none the worst. You waste your powers using drugs to contact The Spirits. Fakery, it’s from your own mind. If The Spirits show you anything it’s for their own ends. You want to enter The Spirit World but you’ll find what you take in with you, beware Litzol.’
‘Is this why you pretend to love me? To keep me from having what you have?’ he feared her, now convinced she manipulated him.
‘No,’ said Sueneest, he was awake, ‘She loves you, but her main reason for being here is to spy on us.’
‘How can I believe either of you, she may have corrupted you?’
‘You can’t, but let me show you.’ She took his hand and put it on her heart, Litzol recovered. ‘How are you old man?’ she turned to Sueneest.
He gave a wry smile. ‘So Queen Salbeath, how may you help? I understand how you could destroy us?’
Litzol moved uneasily.
‘After our son is born I’ll go home and send good men with skills in husbandry. They will teach you how to farm and build permanent homes, out of whatever the district allows you. In exchange, you’ll leave my lands alone, only up to twelve men to enter together and I’ll know if they do.’
‘And what of Plenth?’
‘Plenth is of use if you want gold and gems and rich fabrics. They have plenty of women too but I doubt they’ll survive the cold. Plenth is best avoided; it’s corrupt and will corrupt you if you allow it. Start your new home by the sea. From Litzol’s description, the land just a few miles inland is rich with many rivers, so water is not a problem.’
‘Litzol, what Salbeath offers is generous,’ urged Sueneest, ‘we should agree to her terms.’
‘It’s not my decision. The Council still has the last say. She’s a woman and in no position to negotiate.’
‘Then I won’t be a woman but something else. Sueneest, with your permission, tomorrow I’ll carry you to the camp and show everyone why they should fear me as you do. But now you need to sleep.’

There was little privacy at the back of the cave. Dura showed them a stream and where they could relieve themselves so the water wasn’t contaminated. In his lust, Litzol forgot his misgivings but he said, ‘Should I fear you Salbeath?’
‘Yes, sometimes I frighten myself.’









Chapter 34


Litzol might be the first Rima King but for major decisions the Council must agree. He could speak for Salbeath and put forward her offer but he doubted they’d listen. It would lessen his power as it did by spending each night in her tent instead of with his women.  He fell asleep happy, but when he woke up he realised his love had changed. After she controlled the greatest amongst them, distrust again mingled with his passion, she woke too, and as usual he made love to her.
She understood the change in him was final, he waxed and waned like the moon, but his desire did not. ‘I’ll help your people Litzol,’ she said as she dressed.
‘What about me?’
‘I’ll see you again.’
‘If Tarn finds out and divorces you, will you then become my wife?’
‘No, I can’t stay with you. I’ll make my home in Tsocathlan and we can meet; find a secret place to make a home. Don’t be angry…’ he got dressed and stormed out into the main cave, shouting at the servants to bring him food.

Salbeath carried Sueneest down the mountain, annoying Litzol who wasn’t as up to the task. Bralet followed to collect supplies. It was midday by the time they reached the camp. Litzol was furious as Salbeath carried Sueneest into the camp as if he weighed nothing. Worse, she wasn’t wearied by the walk. Placing the old man outside Litzol’s tent, everyone stared at her, and again it fuelled his anger. He asked one of his warriors to call the Council members who travelled with them.

A few hours later Sueneest sat on a stool, the first to address the councillors. Everyone but Litzol was terrified of him. The warriors were rarely shamans, which was why Litzol took control. Only Salbeath and Sueneest realised his powers were limited, his real power lay in what his people believed he could do. They believed if a person was banished from their tribe, that person was dead. Only the strongest could survive alone, scavenging for food in the wilderness.
Sueneest asked Salbeath to step into the circle. There was indignation at least and anger at worst. She sat cross-legged beside the old man. Litzol spoke, she smiled, and his anger melted. He was eloquent and reminded her of Halent. For the moment, he loved her but she shivered and it wasn’t with cold. The old shaman saw the future. Salbeath knew it could be changed but it wouldn’t be, Litzol was flawed.

The plan of help from the Eastlands, as they called Tsocathlan and the Six Kingdoms wasn’t well received. His foe, frightened to disobey him alone, banded together to refuse his plans. Those who supported him earlier changed sides and his kingship looked shaky even if Sueneest supported Salbeath’s idea.
The bravest of his enemies used the forum to belittle him. Rollst had a huge grin on his face as he shouted. ‘How dare you bring a woman to the Council meeting?’ his cronies shouted their agreement. ‘Women are only fit for doing what we want, not telling us what to do,’ everyone laughed.
Litzol tried to answer but the noise was overpowering. ‘She’s the queen of many lands; her children rule two kingdoms and she is the High Witch of Tsocathlan, greater than Calupina.’
‘She’s just a woman,’ a man shouted. ‘She’ll never be queen here, just a catack.’ Again laughter, a few men strutted, holding their hands as if holding up breasts.
Litzol struggled to control his temper. ‘I tell you she’s a queen, honour her,’ he shouted. ‘Banricak tell them, you have been to the Eastlands,’ he addressed a younger man.
He stood up, ‘Litzol speaks the truth, and I’ve travelled for many years through those lands. She’s revered not as just a queen and witch, but a warrior too. She defeated Halent and his generals, fought with her men. They say no man can beat her.’

An opening and Litzol took it. ‘Who challenges her?’
‘Whore,’ shouted a man behind her.
‘Then you challenge her Falint if you think you can beat her?’ Litzol shouted back and then nodded at Salbeath who went for her sword and small, bossed shield she used as a counterweight. She stood next to Sueneest ready for action. However, there was much arguing amongst the Council members as they considered it an insult to fight a woman. Salbeath helped Sueneest from the stool as he waited for them to calm. As always, his presence influenced them to be silent. Salbeath led him away from the centre where she intended to fight. A woman standing there was an insult and although she spoke in a normal voice, it carried a long way.
‘Well, have you decided who will challenge me?’ there was laughter until Sueneest lifted a hand. Silence, until a huge man advanced, he wasn’t a council member but pushed forward by one of Litzol’s enemies. A man too cowardly to fight, Litzol gave him a knowing smile as if saying just that.
The large fighter lunged with his sword; he was fast for a mountain of a man. Salbeath parried his swipe and countered, hitting him in the face with her shield. He flew into the air as if hit by a force greater than any male warrior could muster. He fell hard and lay still, his face bloody.  Salbeath saw the shock on everyone’s faces but Sueneest and Litzol.
‘Two more?’ suggested Salbeath in disdain, ‘or maybe three?’
A small wiry man came grinning and then a younger warrior. Everyone looked confident; these were the best fighters they had. The huge man got up and groped for his sword in the mud, as the others circled, waiting for him to get to his feet. He rushed at her; she sidestepped and as she did so gave him a blow to his temple with her shield. This time he didn’t get up. One man, small but fierce, roared in frustration and lunged at her. Salbeath moved out of his way and he lost his balance and fell. The laughter stopped. The younger warrior came from behind; she pivoted and parried, and hit hard sending him off balance. As he fell, his sword plunged into the little man getting up to fight again. The young man was the only one left and nervous to attack. The huge man tried to get up but was disorientated. As the young man overcame his fear and came in range, she lightly cut his throat. He slumped and the huge man fell back into the mud. It was over and Salbeath wasn’t breathing hard. ‘If you see to the boy quickly he’ll live.’ At Sueneest’s instigation, a man applied pressure to the accurate shallow wound at his throat. ‘Anyone else?’ mocked Salbeath in perfect Riman. Another healer rushed to the small man who had a wound to the side. No one moved. In defeat, they realised that worse than her easy besting of their men was the way she spoke their language, as if one of them, not an outsider.
Sueneest chuckled and said, ‘So is she a woman or a warrior?’

Now they’d respect her skills but that wasn’t enough, she was still a woman and a foreigner. The time to show them her power, power she said she didn’t want, but was useful for getting what she wanted. She turned to the mountains and smiling at Sueneest she theatrically lifted her arms. The ground shook and rumbled as Salbeath pushed a slab of the mountain back. A deep booming sound terrified everyone. Rocks rolled from the mountains across the plains.
‘An illusion,’ shouted Litzol’s main enemy, ‘we are drugged, everything is an illusion.’
‘Then look,’ suggested Sueneest, his face grim as if he’d miscalculated Salbeath’s true intentions.
She smiled as if to reassure him. ‘As Sueneest says, look and then I’ll put it back again.’

She waited as a man took his horse and galloped off to see if the mountain had moved. As he reappeared there was muttering.
He leapt off his horse frightened, for his voice shook as he said. ‘The mountain is torn from its base.’
Now the muttering became louder, Litzol’s enemies looked nervous. As she dragged the huge rock back to its original place everyone was on their knees wondering what she’d do next?
Litzol took his cue; ‘We must agree Salbeath is a warrior with the power of Tsocathlan, dare we say no to her emissaries?’
There was more animosity but it was agreed. The people she’d send to help them, would be welcomed and not harmed, for the Rima ethical code, once agreed was adhered to.

Litzol ordered animals slaughtered and everyone to enjoy the feast. He was happy again.
‘The sea is west from here, an easy two-week ride,’ Litzol explained. ‘We get there in time for the large fish shoals. It’s cold but we rebuild the houses there as needed. We work hard and take food back for the worst of the winter when most wild animals sleep.’ He took a draught of beer and smiled at her. ‘Tonight, I’ll announce you carry my child.’

He did, with pride, ‘We are not far from the sea and Salbeath the Warrior will stay with us as we salt and dry our fish. Here she’ll give birth to my child who will be the greatest king the Rima has ever known.’
Not everyone cheered.
Sueneest, sat next to Salbeath, was drunk, ‘They admire your body,’ he told her.
‘And after they use it they’d stick me with knives. I know what they think old man.’
‘Alas, I’m no longer young,’ he grinned, ‘If I was, I’d not stick you with a knife, I’d take you from Litzol.’
‘You are drunk,’ Salbeath said and smiled. ‘Litzol says you are his teacher?’
‘Yes, a fine student, obvious he’d be more than a shaman. That he became a king was unexpected.’
Salbeath looked surprised, ‘I imagined you put the idea in his head?’
‘I gave him similar ideas; the only way is a strong leader to unite the tribes.’
‘He still can’t decide without the Council’s agreement.’
‘Changing our ways has become an urgent necessity. There are too many of us to live off the land and we are in danger of starvation. There is little grass for our horses as it turns to desert. Even so, a Rima buries his dead horse and does not eat it.’
‘Foolish but I understand.’
‘We are foolish to be roaming the lands when your people have been settled for many generations. They want to raid your cities, once that area was ours, better, warmer lands.’
‘I’m here to discourage them from that.’
‘Not for Litzol?’
She smiled, ‘I want him old man.’
‘Would you come if you hadn’t?’
‘I would’ve frightened you and left.’
‘I saw Halent in a vision. Does he look like Litzol?’
‘Halent looks like many of you.’
‘I made sure Litzol saw you in his dreams?’
‘Simple magic. Litzol was on hallucinatory drugs, so any rough edges to the girl in the fire were filled in by his imagination and what he’d heard of me.’
‘I had that vision of a woman in a flame. Perhaps The Spirit World planted it in my mind as you believe. It doesn’t matter, Litzol will be forgotten, but not your son. Salbeath, I must ask a favour? My last student, the boy who helped heal those you fought?’ Salbeath nodded. ‘His name is Pela; take him back with you when you leave and let him study the ways of Tsocathlan?’
‘Is he capable?’
‘Yes,’ Sueneest motioned for a young man to come closer, as an acolyte, he served his master food. ‘A handsome youth, Salbeath?’
She studied the boy; his talents could be nurtured. ‘Yes, I’ll take him.’
‘Then from now, he serves you. He’s the last, for I’ve no time to train another.’
Litzol overheard and was angry. ‘Master, she doesn’t need a servant.’
Sueneest did not reply but asked Pela to help him to bed.
‘I could hear you. Sueneest used me.’
‘He did. This is what you want; as you said yourself, our son will be the Rima’s greatest king and not you?’
That left him where? Did he want to live forever like Halent? He changed the subject. ‘I don’t want you to take the boy as your acolyte.’
‘He won’t, he’ll train in Tsocathlan. There’s no need to be jealous, I don’t give my favours lightly although he’s handsome.’
‘You gave in too easily.’
‘Did I? If I hadn’t wanted you no political necessity would make me sleep with you.’
That helped his temper and he smiled. ‘Tonight you are officially a warrior and not a woman. Why should I fear a pretty boy in your bed?’ Salbeath accepted a beer from Litzol’s servant. ‘Sueneest believes our people will be one?’
‘The farther the future is away the harder to predict. Only time will answer Litzol.’
He rubbed his hand over her swelling stomach. ‘I’ve many sons but only this one matters.’
‘I’m giving thought to that. Do you believe he’ll be safe if your women raise him?’ Litzol frowned, ‘It's better I take him with me?’
‘And your husband?’
‘It might be his, you are alike.’ Litzol frowned again. ‘One day he’ll find out and then I pray to The Spirits he’ll forgive me.’
‘And I pray he won’t. If he doesn’t will you come back permanently?’
‘No,’ she looked away which pleased Litzol.
‘So you’ll miss me?’
‘What about you Litzol, am I a useful ally? If I were an ordinary woman would you still love me?’
‘Yes,’ and he leaned over to kiss her. She knew he lied.

She gave Pela to Flavina’s care and told her to start his education, first he needed to learn Tsocathlan. Salbeath needed no help with languages. Flavina, as a good adept, easily picked up Riman, a language of primitives with few words. He responded well. Flavina was pleased because Pela was better at procuring what they needed than she. He erected the tent too so they didn’t have to wait for help.

A few days later Salbeath carried Sueneest back to his cave. They said little in parting, he’d soon be dead.










Chapter 35


It was a long ride to the sea; they hurried to reach a valley at a specific time for a festival. Pela described it as a drug and alcohol induced orgy.
For one night, the tribes forgot their laws and usual inhibitions so most children were born in the late spring. Pela was aware why, and Salbeath had heard of the ancient custom from her mother’s library. Pela said he’d been taught the festival ensured the “strength” of children born; those with the blood of several tribes were strongest.
For nomadic tribes that made sense. For small groups to meet regularly to produce offspring from different bloodlines was sensible. Salbeath saw greater merit in a more civilised method, arranged marriages between the different communities.
Flavina agreed with Salbeath, they would stay in their tent. Litzol, happy to agree with her non-participation said he’d stay with them. He was an unusually good host to Salbeath and Flavina, pouring them beer and playing games Salbeath taught him. He took a childish delight in winning.
Pela watched the festival and reported. ‘There’s talk you’re not attending Majesty,’ he directed this to Litzol, ‘they understand the foreign women’s reluctance.’
‘You should go?’ suggested Salbeath.
‘No!’ he glared at Pela.
Salbeath ignored his real feelings, ‘Flavina and I can take care of ourselves.’ Litzol’s moods were far too mercurial. ‘You need to be seen drinking the Clautas. I’ll come with you; one small sip won’t harm me, or the child.’ Clautas root was the same as a herb used in moderation to help a fever. ‘You said it opens the mind and lets you see things you’ve never imagined. How many die from too much hard alcohol mixed with the drug?’ she directed this to Pela.
He was nervous about saying much around Litzol and gave him a sideways glance. ‘In a bad year, a hundred or more die, and in a good one, none. It’s only dangerous in large quantities.’
‘There’s always a risk,’ growled Litzol his eyes shooting daggers at Pela. ‘I don’t want you or our son harmed.’
Salbeath goaded him. ‘It might be a daughter Litzol?’
‘Then you will stay with me until you give me a boy, so I don’t care if it’s a girl.’
‘I take it you won’t leave her to die?’ Unwanted, sick, or deformed children were left to die of exposure, a barbaric custom to Salbeath and Flavina.
‘She’ll be perfect and a perfect princess is not killed, she can be useful in alliances. Any daughter of yours will be beautiful.’
There were shouts and laughter from close by.
‘It’s getting noisy Litzol, time to show your people you’re still one of them and stop the voices of your enemies.’

They presented to the shamans and drank a little of the potion, it was too strong this year and people would die. They staggered as they made their way back to the tent. Salbeath was affected and her body worked to overcome the drug. Litzol danced around, laughing, and then took her hand. His greatest wish was granted; they stood in Salbeath’s green plains under a hot sun. Litzol was elated she’d taken him into The Spirit World. She wondered who’d called her? She was sure it wasn’t Litzol’s wish or her lapse of judgement.
‘We must go back,’ she urged.
‘No, not yet. I’ve dreamed of this. Our wisest shaman told us that there’s a way into The Spirit World, but those who tried by using too much Clautas drink always died.’
‘If they made their way here I’m not surprised. This isn’t a benign world; we bring in what we are.’
On cue, great, black clouds came swirling overhead, then loud thunder and forks of bright, red lightning cracked the air.
Salbeath shouted. ‘Litzol, we have to leave, The Spirits warn you.’ Once more in control of her body, she took them back.
Litzol retched, Flavina rushed over to Salbeath, ‘I’m fine, help Litzol.’
Pela looked terrified. ‘What happened?’
‘While I converted the drink to be safe for my baby I was weakened. Litzol’s wish pulled us into The Spirit World, or somebody wanted us there. Litzol was nearly killed; a shaft of lightning almost hit him.’
‘Can you be killed there?’ Pela still looked frightened.
‘No, you die here but the pain is real enough.’
Litzol sat on the floor, head in hands as Flavina used her healing skills.
‘What happened Litzol? Salbeath asked?
‘Surely you saw it?’
‘No, we take in different things. I saw a storm on my plains, lightning almost struck you. What did you see?’
His mind showed pale, icy limbs, ending with huge claws ripping at his stomach. He still felt the pain.
‘I told you, the experience reflects you.’
‘Then why doesn’t it hurt you?’
‘I don’t know; it’s never hurt me. It hurt Tarn, and I’m sure it hurt Halent too.’
Litzol hoped for power, the long life he desired, but his skills weren’t changed and he had no way of entering alone.
Salbeath fought against her words, but said, ‘I’ll show you the way in and how to leave. It’ll be just as horrific next time, perhaps every time. Tarn’s too scared to go in again. If I don’t you won’t give up until you find it and it might mean your death.’ Flavina looked at Salbeath as if she had made a mistake. ‘I don’t want to come looking for you in your worse nightmares. Litzol, those creatures were cutting into you. I think the reasons you want entrance into that world are corrupt and while they stay so, you will suffer. Immortality comes to a few, but it’s more a curse than a gift.’
‘You’re not perfect, it doesn’t hurt you,’ he repeated. He still had the memories of the pain suffered, Flavina couldn’t ease that.

As dawn came, Salbeath walked with Pela as he looked for fresh water. He looked worried, there was vomit everywhere. Many looked for water to slake a terrible thirst. Semi-naked couples still had sex. They had to go up the river to get clean water. Pela was angry at Salbeath’s disgust.
‘Your people drink alcohol and use drugs,’ he said aloud. ‘Yet you despise us?’
‘No doubt once we were like you.’
‘We aren’t animals!’
‘I didn’t think nor say that.’
‘It gives us stronger children.’
‘That’s what your people think. But it’s no longer necessary.’
‘You judge us by your standards.’
‘As will you after living in Tsocathlan.’
‘We’ve been riding across the plains long before there was Tsocathlan.’
‘From our studies, we are related to you and another race from the southeast. They are dark and smaller, like the Plenth. You’ll learn much in Tsocathlan and you may add to our studies too. We have many books, including ones on the Rima, and you can help us with the accuracy of our accounts.’
‘I’ve never seen a book.’
‘Neither has Litzol. I promised to send him someone to teach him to read.’ Pela relaxed. ‘They need your help with the injured, Pela.’

It took three days before everyone was fit to travel. Winter closed in, it got colder, and the days shorter. The fishing must be finished before the winter storms started. As they neared the coast the sea could be seen between the hills, and Salbeath and Flavia were as excited as everyone else. The inland winds blew warm, but Litzol said once winter hit that’d change, and the winds coming off the sea were freezing. By then they hoped to have the fish stored ready for the journey back, as soon as spring showed her benign face.
The sound of the surf thundering over the rocks and the fresh smell of the salt air impressed Salbeath and Flavina, as the power in the waves relaxed them.
‘It’s beautiful Litzol,’ agreed Salbeath jumping from her horse. Flax was happy too for he walked into the sea. Salbeath laughed, ‘Look at Flax he acts like a Riman horse.’
Litzol’s horse joined Flax. Litzol pointed to the settlement set back of the sand dunes. It surprised her, there were round, stone huts with wood struts ready to take a new thatched roof. Groups of men and women set off to cut the long, hard grasses that grew along the dunes. Salbeath realised the huts were ancient. The base of each was very old, and many generations rebuilt or reinforced the walls as they aged and collapsed. Even more interesting were the stones that lined the floors, it resembled the slate used in the Six Kingdoms. The wear on these showed great age. Shelves were set into the walls for belongings. Litzol said he was unsure who had built them, but his people had used them for many generations and agreed the buildings were unusual.
The racks for drying the fish were inspected and repaired. Once everything was ready, those without a family hut took their tents inland to be with the horses, sheep, and goats. Here the wind blew gently.
Here too camped Litzol’s women, they were angry Salbeath lived in Litzol’s large hut while they were in the tents a mile inland. Unwisely, Litzol continued to ignore his harem.

Pela told Flavina what these women planned and she broached the subject as she helped comb Salbeath’s hair in the gloom of the hut. ‘Pela’s worried…’ she didn’t finish, but let Salbeath into her mind.
‘Poison, that’s not unexpected Flavina. I’ll be fine but I’m not sure about the baby. I understand they have concerns about the status of their children once my son is born. Litzol’s made it clear he’ll be his heir.’ Flavina sniffed. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘The water I’m using on your hair, it smells odd.’ Flavina sniffed at the bucket and nearly retched.
‘They’ve wasted little time,’ Salbeath said grimly.
Flavina started to retch again; she used her magic to fight the poison. Salbeath shouted for Pela.
‘Poison in the water.’
‘I just went for fresh,’ he explained. ‘I didn’t bring that bucket.’
‘Flavina, wash your hands in his bucket, Pela throw the rest over my hair and then find Litzol.’ Salbeath was worried for Flavina. She could fight the poison ‒ but what of her baby?

By the time Litzol arrived both women were ill. He looked angry as he entered but was now concerned. ‘Salbeath use your power.’
‘If I do I could harm the baby, it has an odd smell, do you recognise it? Flavina is more herbalist than I, but she can’t sense the ingredients.’
‘That’s women’s lore,’ he admitted. ‘Pela, do you know what it is?’ Pela shook his head. ‘You must fight it, we can have more sons.’
Salbeath decided the best way was to ask for help, ‘Come with me?’ she took his hand, and as he did, everything changed.  They sat on the short grass under a sunny sky in The Spirit World. Litzol felt invigorated. ‘You must go back, Halent’s close and will make you suffer.’
Litzol looked confused and disappointed. ‘Promise me, you will bring me back?’
‘Yes, but after the baby.’ Why had she made such a decision? Dark clouds formed again. ‘You must go,’ she urged. He nodded and she sent him back. The clouds lessened but did not disappear. ‘Halent,’ she shouted.
‘Here,’ he stood behind her and she turned to face him. Halent made Litzol look crude and unfinished.
He said the same to her, ‘I forget how beautiful you are, even though I think of you every moment, my memory fades between our encounters.’
‘It’s been a long time since we were together in my world, Halent.’
‘You called me and yet you carry that Rima’s child.’
‘I worried for my baby. I knew the poison couldn’t hurt me, you wouldn’t let me die, but this isn’t your child. Halent my friend is ill, she may have the power to heal herself, but I’m not sure. Would you help her?’
‘It’s done.’
‘Is this plot to do with you?’
‘I knew what they planned and I didn’t stop them. We must talk.’ Salbeath made a move to leave. ‘Stay, the Tsocathlan witch has recovered.’ His face contorted with pain. ‘I’m so lonely here, you think of me often and not always with hate.’
‘I came for your help, for my baby, and for my friend, and thank you for what you’ve done, but I must go back.’
His face hardened, ‘Then a deal, stay a while, and I won’t make your Rima suffer when he enters here, at least not too much. Tell me Salbeath, why have you introduced him to our world?’
Salbeath knew why, she didn’t want her lover to grow old too fast, like Clent. Perhaps she cared more than she realised. It might be a stupid move but she trusted Halent to understand and manage it.
‘Well, Salbeath?’
‘What do you want?’
‘What I’ve always wanted, your love.’
‘How can I? You killed my father and brothers, and not just my people but those of the Six Kingdoms too. I can’t forgive you for that. I agree no one gives me more pleasure but don’t confuse that with love.’
‘So your love for Tarn is a noble thing?’ He saw with satisfaction his taunt hit home. ‘And what of this primitive Litzol, not just content with a brief affair, now you wish to keep him and extend his life. Do you think he’ll be pleased when you leave and go back to your husband?’ he sneered. She shook her head. ‘I’m the only one strong enough to be your spouse Salbeath. I don’t mind if you bed Tarn, Litzol, or the pretty boy Pela. Because I’m the only one who matters, I’m the one you dream of. I can wait as long as it takes.’
‘No,’ her denial was weak.
‘One day you’ll come back. Tarn will tire of the pain loving you causes him and your ambitious Rima will too. You’ll return because the loneliness hurts and you seek death. But it doesn’t come.’
She didn’t stop him as he knelt and undid the fastening on her dress, it disappeared. He read her mind and knew how much she longed for him.

He held her tight afterwards, knowing she’d leave him and hadn’t admitted the truth of her deep feelings. ‘I’ll leave the Rima alone, no offerings of power to make him a worse monster. I made a mistake with Tarn.’
‘But there’s a price?’
‘Yes, you are still my wife.’
‘Agreed, conjugal visits,’ her face was grim but this allowed her to leave with dignity. Next moment she was back at the hut.
Litzol waited, ‘Are you well, both of you?’
‘Yes, we are.’
Litzol was relieved for his child.







Chapter 36


The next afternoon Salbeath insisted on riding alone into the hills. She had to think about her feelings for Halent. As she climbed higher, the wind howled but she and the horse enjoyed the fresh air. She dismounted and let Flax eat the rich under-grass as she sat and pretended to look at the scenery. She sobbed as she admitted the truth; she couldn’t pretend she never wanted to be with Halent again or hated him. In a way, she still did, for Clent’s family, for her own and the innocents he’d killed. As for her other loves, Tarn was scared to enter The Spirit World, and Litzol too primitive and corrupt to learn to control it. She gave a mirthless laugh. Halent was right, he destroyed all she’d once held dear but she loved him, and they were perfect together. Salbeath wept for the truth.
She was reluctant for she knew her lust for Litzol waned; he wasn’t enough to interest her for long. The moment he reached for her, that indifferent feeling disappeared as they made love. In the warm glow afterwards, she often loved him, and at other times was indifferent. She’d endangered her life with Tarn for a brief affair. Halent must be laughing. The thought of the night with Litzol warmed her; the fire hadn’t completely gone out. She called her horse and regretfully rode back to the imperfect life she shared with Litzol.

When she returned to the coastal settlement, it was empty; chores left unfinished, nets still contained fish waiting to be dried. Flavina waited for her, she looked distressed.
‘Litzol is trying the women; he wants to execute the ringleaders.’
‘He could kill the innocent. Where are they, at the inner settlement?’
‘Yes.’ Flavina made a move as if she’d follow Salbeath.
‘No stay here for now, I’ll be fine alone,’ she galloped to the settlement.

As she neared, the only sound was the weeping of women. Salbeath jumped off her horse and pushed her way to the front. As expected a dozen women were tied to stakes, two were heavily pregnant. 
‘What are you doing?’ Salbeath demanded ‒ standing in front of the women as if to protect them. ‘Don’t I get a say? Two of these women are close to birth. This is wrong!’
‘It is our law,’ said one of the judges Falon, a council member aligned with Litzol.
‘Litzol, stop this!’
‘It’s our law!’
‘I understand your law, the victim has a say in punishment.’
Litzol looked angry but kept his temper as he whispered. ‘You can’t set them free. I remember what we agreed, but we’ll lose face if they’re not punished.’
‘Litzol, these are simple, frightened women, it was their only way of fighting what they thought was their enemy. Two of them are carrying your children, you can’t let this happen.’
‘There are three I’d like rid of, they’ve always caused trouble, and I’m sure they’re the instigators. I believe several years ago they murdered a girl I liked; now they want you gone too.’
‘If they are as wicked as you say then I agree with them being punished. I can find out.’
‘You may look deeper if the Council agree.’
‘They will,’ she turned to face everyone. ‘Where is your proof?’
‘We have witnesses,’ again Falon answered for the Council, ‘they admit their guilt or say they are implicated.’
‘Without torture?’ Falon didn’t answer, so she turned to Litzol. ‘Well?’
‘No, with,’ he admitted.
‘Then they spoke from fear. Allow me to read their minds and find the truth.’
There was muttering and then Litzol sensed her underlying mood. ‘Salbeath you are distant, are you and our child well?’
She closed her eyes and prayed her love for Litzol return as needed. ‘We are both well Litzol, but this has upset me.’ She perceived fear from him and he longed to know what happened with Halent, fearing her reply he lowered his eyes.

It took Salbeath a few hours to probe Litzol’s women and their servants. She sent for Flavina to help her, and those she found guilty she sent to Salbeath. When finished they discussed the results in private.
‘If this was Tsocathlan or Ranal the outcome would be the same,’ Flavina was upset, for two pregnant women were the ringleaders as Litzol suspected.
‘Can you imagine me, Calupina, or any of our children, condemning these women to death? I agree they should be punished, and they’ve done worse than try to kill me, but the two lives they carry are innocent.’
‘You must tell the truth and get the babies spared. Nevertheless, you can’t save the other six guilty women, their crimes are too many. At least you’ve saved those who went along with them out of fear or are caught up in the excitement and too stupid to understand the consequences. Salbeath, go to the Council and do something for the children.’

Litzol heard the truth from Salbeath; he wasn’t surprised and relieved to have rid of a problem. He asked for leniency for the unborn. It was agreed when they gave birth the women would follow the others to their death.  They’d be killed in the usual way, tied to horses, and forced to run behind until they fell. Herbs induced the pregnant ones and by the end of the week, all were dead.

‘And the babies?’ Salbeath worried Litzol had no use for children except as a political tool. Two of his daughters were wives to his cronies on the Council.
‘I won’t reduce them to slaves. You’re upset, what would’ve happened in your lands?’
‘The same, their worse crimes were horrific,’ admitted Salbeath, ‘but the means would’ve been kinder. If a person has remorse it might change the outcome.’
‘We have no witch’s skills; even Sueneest can’t read minds as the witches of Tsocathlan can.’ 
‘I think I’d better go soon before the baby’s size makes it too difficult to travel.’
‘No,’ but his voice was gentle, ‘You made a promise and so did I, after our son is born, and I tell everyone he’s my heir then you may leave.’
‘No, Litzol, that means danger, wait until he’s old enough to be a man.’
‘Salbeath, there’s an old story; you’ve heard it told in song. It tells of Jama our greatest hero. He used The Spirit World to travel great distances with no time passing. You can find the secret and we can use it to be together, never be parted.’ His eyes shone.
Salbeath lowered hers; she felt as if she’d swallowed a stone, and she had to return his gaze as if there were nothing wrong. She’d heard the song they sang around the fire,
Was Halent once this Jama, had he tried to return to his people and out of fear they rejected him?
‘We’ll find a place to make a home. I understand you think that I want power more than you,’ she didn’t deny it. ‘At first, I wondered what you could help me achieve. Then I loved your beauty and strong spirit. My love is deeper; you must help us stay together.’
He kissed her and she responded to his caress, but she couldn’t get Halent’s face from her mind. Afterwards, she felt trapped, worse than she ever had with Halent, and she’d no excuse, she’d trapped herself. She had to keep Litzol from finding out how mercurial her feelings were too.

They stayed the winter and didn’t leave the coast until Salbeath had her baby. The winter was cold, but when the wind blew from the south, it was warm and sunny. They fished again adding to their reserves. Salbeath and Flavina missed the comforts of home. Flavina dreamed of a hot, Tsocathlan bath.
Salbeath gave birth to a baby boy. He was nothing like Pen. As always, there was a brief disappointment and then she loved him. As his mind opened, she sensed he’d have meagre skills. The Rima were a superstitious people, it would help him when it was time for him to be their next king, if there was to be another one.
The tribes packed for the journey back to the plains. They left a few families here to assess what else the area might offer. It was a change of tradition and took much discussion before the agreement.

Once more, Litzol suggested she knew how to use The Spirit World to travel huge distances. They could have a secret place to meet.
In a moment of weakness, she agreed. Gave baby Glyn to a worried Flavina, and took his hand, they arrived at nothing.
Litzol hadn’t worked out how it had happened.
‘Surely from that, you gained knowledge?’ She was annoyed he had such meagre talents; any Tsocathlan first-year acolyte could understand it.
He answered the same way, ‘I’m not a Tsocathlan witch, and I feel your thoughts when you want me but not the words.’
‘It’s not words.’ She concentrated, keeping the frustration from her voice.
Then they were in Halent’s garden and before them stood Halent. Salbeath looked from one to the other. They looked similar but the Demonicus’ beauty outshone his rival. He looked pleased and took her hand and then they were on top of one of the highest peaks overlooking Tsocathlan.
‘Litzol?’ she asked.
‘Litzol can learn, you need to be patient with him.’
‘When you were Jama were you able to do this?’
‘Jama was a long time ago, yes I could do this, don’t forget I’d been trapped here many generations before I first escaped and became Jama again. I soon realised I had to come back, everyone was frightened of me. I lacked wisdom.’
‘You still lacked wisdom when you decided you wanted to conquer the Six Kingdoms. You’ll show him won’t you, why would you want to help us stay together?’
‘He must be a fool not to realise your passion for him waxes and wanes. I’m just showing you the difference, our passion still burns bright.’ She didn’t deny it. ‘I’ll bring and wake him.’
‘Don’t Halent!’

Litzol was dizzy with power at his first sight of Tsocathlan. ‘I’d heard it was beautiful, but it’s wondrous.’
‘There’s nothing to stop the Rima creating such a place,’ Halent sounded like a benevolent father.
Litzol looked at him, he didn’t say it, but he sensed Halent was Jama. He overcame his deep fear and with eyes narrowed with distrust, he said. ‘Why help another man have your woman?’
Halent gave one of his irritating smiles, ‘I have my reasons, one-day Salbeath will explain.’ He was gone.

Litzol looked at Salbeath for an answer.
‘His idea of mischief. I’m not sure how to get back, he didn’t tell me. If I tried we’d end up anywhere and we can’t trust Halent to help us.’ She lied, Halent would help her if she needed it, but he could take Litzol anywhere, perhaps the frightening, death plains of The Spirit World.
‘Then we go to Tsocathlan.’
‘No, I’ll arrange horses. I’m still a member of the royal house,’ she paused, as she far spoke her grandmother. ‘It’s arranged and supplies too. Back with your people, Flavina will look after Glyn and use her skills to keep your crown for you.’
Litzol was angry believing she lied to him. ‘Do you want me to try?’ she replied hotly, ‘I will, but Halent may stop me.’ She returned his angry stare. ‘It won’t take as long as you think and Flavina is an able witch.’
‘Glyn will be safe,’ he said, ‘many women have spare milk.’

The horses and supplies waited with an acolyte, with regret Salbeath took her leave of Tsocathlan without entering its walls.
They had six horses and so could ride long distances each day. A few weeks after heading north, she realised Halent still played games. They found a clump of woods and a stream, and nearby a semi-ruined tower and shallow cave.
Litzol was enthusiastic; this was a perfect place for them to make their secret home.
‘We can use the cave until we make the tower liveable again, or build a house with the stones.’ He was as a child with a new toy. ‘Salbeath it’s perfect, why don’t you like it?’
‘Notice the heat; this is not the north. This is Calish.’ She ran up the hill and looked around, this was southern Calish, she knew from the plants and trees. ‘Stop this Halent, it’s not funny.’
As they rode, the landscape was back to where they should be. A day later, as if echoing Halent’s joke, they found a lake and another ruined tower, it was cold here and empty, apart from the wolves, rabbits, and birds.
‘Here,’ said Litzol with satisfaction. Salbeath nodded and followed him to the entrance of the tower. ‘I can bring wood for a roof; the forest is close.’
‘You can bring the wood, but I’d better do the roof.’ Salbeath helped rebuild Ranal and Braystone and knew it was beyond Litzol. ‘It will take a while to bring enough timber here, without a horse.’
‘In the meantime, we can live in a tent.’
‘In the meantime, we can get back to our son.
Litzol was angry and kicked at a loose stone in frustration, as he did The Spirit World enveloped them.

It was Halent’s garden again. Litzol was frozen in time, as Halent and Salbeath talked.
‘Why lie to him,’ he urged, ‘you know how to use this world to travel in yours.’
‘What will it do to me?’
‘It’s done, it has been for a long time, show your Rima king the way.’
‘And what will that do to him?’
‘Not enough, his power is puny.’
‘I can’t trust you.’
‘You can trust I love you.’ They were back at the tower.
‘What happened?’ asked Litzol.
‘I know the way home,’ she searched his face for his emotions. There was surprise, and then cunning. She hoped Halent was right, that this man would never be a threat. ‘We can go back now.’
‘You must show me, shall we make this our home?’
‘Why not?’ Salbeath’s throat was tight.
‘What about the horses?’
‘They can come too.’
Litzol looked impressed.













Chapter 37


It was time to go their separate ways. Litzol could find his way to the tower and back.
‘I regret our bargain,’ he admitted, as he watched Pela pack food for the journey. ‘Why are you going the long way?’
‘Flavina has no wish to enter The Spirit World and I don’t want Glyn to enter either, would you want Pela there?’
‘No, but my son should learn.’
‘Not yet, but I’ll teach him to far speak you as soon as he’s able. Litzol, I will keep my promise and tell you when we can meet. You’re sad Glyn must leave.’
‘He must become a great wizard, but you promise his skills as a warrior are equally honed.’
Salbeath doubted that as a wizard, he’d be much better than Brolan but she’d try.
‘My sons are warriors, some are wizards too, and he will be everything you hope. Litzol, do you wish you’d never met me, I can make you forget?’
‘Is that what you want?’
Was it? ‘No. Get timber up to the tower and I’ll show you how to build a roof that won’t need redoing every year.’

The morning they left, the goodbyes were muted, a great contrast to the feelings of each, considering the passion they’d shared. Litzol was king, and in public, he treated Salbeath as an ambassador to his people, not as his mistress or wife. She didn’t look back, but Litzol watched her until they were out of sight. Glyn was strapped to her front. Flavina rode beside and Pela followed, holding the reins of the six horses they returned to Tsocathlan. He was having trouble until Flavina helped calm the steeds.
‘How are you Pela?’ Salbeath asked him.
‘I’ve regrets, I’ve no control over my life, and I depend on the whims of two women,’ he gave a slight smile.
‘Remember in Tsocathlan and the Six Kingdoms, women are equal.’
‘Even if they do most of the housework and cooking,’ chipped in Flavina. ‘Pela, you will love Tsocathlan, you can stay with me for a while. Once we find rooms of your own, you’ll be freer than you ever have. No more collecting water from the river, each house has its own supply, and a bath ‒ you can’t imagine how I’ve missed my baths. I admit now we are going home, I’ve enjoyed the new ideas and the sea. I can still hear it in my mind.’ She looked at Pela, ‘It doesn’t mean you’ll never go home again. How are you Salbeath?’
‘I long for a bath too,’ she feigned laughter, ‘and seeing the family again, and Tarn.’ The last was a lie but Flavina ignored it. She realised Salbeath worried about taking Glyn back with her. True the child could be Tarns, and she’d pretended in communications it was, but Tarn was insecure, it didn’t take a great wizard to work that out.

As they approached Tsocathlan, the mountains opened. Pela had seen Salbeath do this, but didn’t know others could too.
‘Not that hard,’ admitted Salbeath. ‘Flavina can do it.’
‘What she doesn’t mention,’ added Flavina. ‘Is it usually takes at least two of us working together, or more depending on our skills? Salbeath, her grandmother, and uncles can do it on their own.’
‘It’s terrifying, you are terrifying.’
‘We work with nature and don’t fight it as you’ve been taught. You can’t master the earth, nor fire and water, they are more powerful than us. Remember what I’ve told you; forget what you were taught before and you’ll soon reach the first level.’ Flavina paused, as she saw Tarn and Pen riding out to meet them, she looked at Salbeath.

Pela was apprehensive when Tarn reined his horse ‒ his expression was cold. More telling, he let Pen reach his mother first.  He took his new brother off his mother. Flavina and Pela followed him back to the town while Tarn finally rode over to his wife. He looked at her, turned away, and overtook the others as he galloped back through the gap.
Solt waited on the other side, Salbeath noted how old he looked, and stiff in the saddle. Her horse matched his pace.
‘We’ve had infrequent messages,’ he started.
‘I’m sorry.’
‘I’m aware the child’s not Tarn’s, my mother thought I might need to use my gentle skills to reconcile a much-loved couple.’
‘Do we need it?’
‘Has Tarn welcomed you back as you expected?’
‘Yes, he suspects Glyn’s not his.’
‘He guesses. Pen came back instead of going with you, and that added to his suspicions.’
‘I didn’t want to hurt him, but I’m not your wonderful Suranbe. I have to keep Tsocathlan, and the Six Kingdoms, safe for a long time. The agreement with the Rima was necessary to that plan.’
‘Your grandmother told me that the Six Kingdoms, and we, are to send people to help them settle and build towns instead of having a nomadic life.’
‘What you ask is, are they safe?’
‘Are they?’
‘At present, yes, and in the future no, but Glyn will help with that.’
‘The reason for the child?’
‘We have a treaty. The Rima do not break their word, and my son will be their next king.’
‘The children waited for you to get back before they marry.’
Salbeath smiled, ‘I told Brolan not to wait.’

Solt stopped his criticism and concentrated on the latest family news. If Salbeath worried Solt aged, then the sight of Suranbe was more upsetting. In the months she’d been away her aunt had lost weight and looked frail, only the warm, brown eyes remained the same. She held Glyn and handed him back to Flavina before hugging Salbeath. Calupina waited as the two women embraced before she moved out of the shadows to greet her granddaughter.
Calupina still had the traces of her legendary beauty in the fine bones of her face. The expression in her eyes made tears come into Salbeath’s too. ‘Suranbe dear,’ she addressed her daughter-in-law, ‘let the nurses look after Glyn’s comfort while I talk with his mother. Come, walk with me Salbeath.’
‘Grandmother, I should find Tarn.’
‘I suggest after a bath and a change of clothes first. It is no way to appease a wronged husband looking like a hunter. Hush,’ she stopped Salbeath’s protest before it left her lips. ‘Tarn is in his room drinking too much. He’s confirmed his suspicions and is cursing you, and considering travelling, not north, but east. Leave him a while; he’s expecting you to pacify him, that’s what he hopes.’
Salbeath looked hopeful, ‘Then he doesn’t want to leave me?’
‘No, but his pride is crushed. You’re dreading the meeting do you wish him gone?’
Did she? ‘No, apart from you, no one understands me better, he’s my greatest friend.’
‘I’d understand if he did, a good, patient husband waits, while he knows his wife goes off with a primitive for sex, do you love this Litzol?’
‘In bed I do, but out of it he irritates me. I admit I miss him.’
Calupina laughed, ‘So like me, but I’d the sense to marry a man wiser than I. Your grandfather was a great man. I never told him but your father had that same sense. However, he didn’t have to worry about Basila; she wasn’t like me or you. Now we have Glyn, proof that what you did for Tsocathlan wasn’t only a treaty with an enemy, but pleasure. I’m not sure if Tarn’s man enough to cope with that, unlike your esteemed forefathers.’
‘I went for political reasons.’
‘Rubbish, I may be old and tired but I’m not yet stupid, you wanted him because he’s Halent as a man. Halent before The Spirit World. In many respects, Litzol is a disappointment.’
‘He shares Halent’s ambition and desire for power and I don’t trust that part of him. Then he can be tender and considerate, and for a while, I love him. Halent finds it amusing. Yes, I wanted him.’
‘And now?’
‘I still do sometimes but I don’t want to lose Tarn.’
‘Salbeath, I’m still Calupina.’
‘When he touches me he lights a spark, other times I’m cold and indifferent.’
‘And if you tell him he’ll gather the Rima tribes and attack us? Could they be a problem?’
‘Yes, the tribes are uniting. I’m not sure of their numbers even the Rima don’t know. However, from observation and listening to other tribes I made an estimate. Yes, they could overrun us. Their population exceeds both Tsocathlan, and the Six Kingdoms, and Plenth too. Rima said he brought a tenth of the tribes to surround Plenth,’ she showed her grandmother her memories. ‘The Rima could be a problem and we haven’t recovered from the earlier wars. The number of warriors is growing but only at the pace we can supply the people’s need for food and shelter.’
‘And Tsocathlan stagnates; no one wants to leave the caldera,’ admitted Calupina. ‘Fiane should’ve taken the crown. I never wanted it. I wanted to hide in study as he did. As soon as Solt was wise enough I gave it to him. I wonder did I do the best for our people. I basked in my abilities, the great Calupina. Now we have to leave the future to Fendal.’
‘You’re not going anywhere for a while grandmother, and I love Fendal as a brother.’
‘Your grandfather and I were friends before he became my lover, he helped me rule well when I had no desire to do so. His father was distantly related to my grandfather, he was used to adepts, and his talents in that regard were meagre. But in wisdom he excelled. That’s why he understood me and gave me my freedom, my children were his,’ she smiled.
‘Many of my children are not Tarns, and he’s loved them, and I want him to be a father to Glyn because he’d do a far better job than his real father.’
‘When Dlan died, I thought my heart would die, my pain never stops. I never replaced him although I had many lovers. I’ve changed, I’ve no wish for a man’s touch and I’m happy remembering Dlan. When The Spirits want me back I’ll go willingly.’ They reached the door of Salbeath’s rooms. ‘I’m tired, make yourself beautiful for your husband, you still love him, so fight to keep him.’

She felt better, clean, and cosseted by her women. The memories of her past friends were less painful and more comforting over the years. She found peace, a peace she hadn’t experienced living amongst the volatile Rima. Did she regret the time spent learning about her enemies, would Tarn leave her, could she forgive him if it had been the other way? What was her punishment? The answer; to pretend to love Litzol. What if her desire faded further? Litzol wasn’t a fool, but he had enough ego to still believe she loved him.

‘There’s a family feast tonight, Your Majesty, do you wish to rest,’ Palanta suggested.
‘No Palanta, find me a dress in which I can “appease” my husband.’
Palanta looked embarrassed but one of the older women Malka told her what to bring. Malka helped Salbeath into something suitable. The fabric from Plenth showed more than it covered. She’d brought out jewels too, those Tarn had given his wife, and bright sapphires sparkled in the necklace, earrings, and headband. Her hair left undressed as Salbeath preferred. Malka handed her a large shawl.
‘You look wonderful,’ her waiting lady said, sounding like Kena, again Salbeath sorrowed for her ladies now gone.
‘Thank you, Malka, but will it help I wonder?’
‘Of course.’
‘Will he leave me?’
‘I believe you did it to keep us from another war,’ suggested Malka diplomatically. ‘That is what most say.’
‘I’m sorry; I’ve kept you so long from your family in Ranal?’
‘For which no doubt my daughter-in-law’s are grateful,’ she lowered her voice, ‘but Palanta misses her young man.’
‘Then send the poor girl home with the next caravan.’
‘I tried, she refused to leave me.’
‘Then I will, thank you Malka. I appreciate your help.’

She knocked at Tarn’s door but didn’t wait for a reply before she entered. He stood looking out of the window, a glass goblet in his hand.
He didn’t turn to her, as he said. ‘I’ll base myself in Ranal, in the tower. You need to stay here; your grandmother is losing her powers. No need for any official divorce, we can keep it unofficial. Unless you wish to marry the Rima?’
‘I’ve no wish to marry Litzol; the time I spent with him was a political necessity.’
Tarn’s temper flared. ‘I may not be the best wizard in the world but I’m not stupid,’ he paused as he saw the expression in her eyes. Salbeath hardly dared breathe. He realised he wanted her and turned back to the window. ‘Everyone is sorry for me even the children.’
‘I had to go.’
‘You did?’
‘Yes I did, I saw only a fraction of their people, ten thousand good warriors, not part-time farmers as most of our men are. There are at least twenty times those, over five hundred different tribes spread over an area a thousand times larger than ours. Litzol is king of an increasing number of those tribes. They once fought amongst themselves, but he stopped that, and those who disagree will change their minds and join him if he has a plan for conquest, and he does!’
‘He told you?’
‘Tarn, even the children go into battle. I’ve had enough of war. I can’t be everywhere. Instead, we’ll teach the Rima to be farmers and build towns of their own, so they won’t want ours.’
‘We’ve all had our fill of war, but I don’t sleep with my enemies and worse give them a child. Glyn isn’t mine. I’ve always known it.’
Salbeath did not waste her time or insult Tarn by suggesting he was. ‘I thought hard about having him, I did because if we raise him well, he’ll be our emissary and teach them more than war.’
‘By The Spirits Salbeath, they’ll make war anyway and nothing you or your pathetic Rima king do will stop them. When in Plenth you didn’t sleep with Pan Alane or Pal Enlan, no, you terrified them, so why not use those tactics with Litzol? Pen described Litzol, he did his best to avoid telling me the truth but he never lied. He never said that Litzol looked like Halent but I overheard him tell Calupina. Calupina told me you loved me as if you with him didn’t matter. You’ve been visiting The Spirit World too. If you didn’t want to keep your precious Litzol then why take him there? Why so you could have him forever.’
‘No Tarn it was an accident. I wanted to prevent it but I sensed Halent wanted him there, I’m not sure why.’
‘Accident? There are no accidents there. I agree it must have been Halent.’
She walked over to the table and poured wine.
‘Halent too?’ she was careless with her thoughts. ‘You whore!’

Tears ran down her face. She turned away and sat at the other end of the room. How could she deny the truth? He knelt in front of her, he cried too. He laid his head on her lap and she stroked his hair. ‘I understood how I hurt you,’ she admitted, ‘and tried to ignore my guilt, but it wouldn’t go away. I understand if you want to lead separate lives but I’d be lonely without my oldest friend.’
He looked up at her. ‘Salbeath, tell me the truth, do you still love me as a man and not as your “oldest friend”?’
Did she? Yes, she did.
‘Yes, I do Tarn.’ She told the truth.








Chapter 38


They made love and held each other close until it got dark.
‘Will you escort me to dinner?’ Salbeath asked.
‘Yes.’ He was still in pain, and although they were together, their relationship would never fully recover. He watched her dress. She bent to kiss him before she left to get ready. ‘I won’t be long.’

Malka waited for her. ‘You’ll be late Your Majesty. I ran a bath a while ago.’
‘Just top up the water, I won’t be in it long.’
‘I’ll call for help.’
‘No need.’ She saw the dress Malka chose, made of soft, colourful Plenth materials, but suitable for a family dinner. She bathed and dressed, and Malka helped her put on the same jewellery, but the headband was missing.
‘It’s by the bed, in my husband’s room,’ explained Salbeath. Malka smiled and looked relieved. 
‘I’ll get it,’ Malka said, moving towards the door, but as she opened it, Tarn was standing there with it in his hand. He handed it to Malka, who took it and placed it on Salbeath’s head.
Tarn watched, Salbeath felt shy and remembered the time she ran away from him after they’d been swimming in the river.
‘You look beautiful,’ he said. He smiled, but Salbeath saw it didn’t reach the sorrow deep in his eyes.

From the way, everyone stopped talking when they came in, it was obvious the family worried about them, and the collective sigh of relief was obvious. There were seats next to Suranbe. Salbeath looked over at her grandmother, who smiled.

Salbeath and Tarn’s lovemaking was as pleasurable as it always had been, but both sensed that their relationship had lost something important, trust. Once she told Tarn everything, but now she had secrets, and he continued to battle with his jealousy. To him, worse than sleeping with the Rima king was she’d been with Halent. Tarn was frightened to leave her side, scared Halent would call her back into The Spirit World. A month had gone by and although Litzol called, she hadn’t replied. Litzol was getting angry, and when at last Fendal asked Tarn to ride with him to check an outpost, she asked her grandmother’s advice.
‘I must visit Litzol soon or my hard work will be undone.’
‘Tarn is suspicious?’
‘Is that why you asked Fendal to take Tarn?’
‘Why else? Once he’d have gone without being pressed. Does he realise you use The Spirit World to visit Litzol?’
‘Not yet, but he’ll find out, I’ll far call Litzol to meet me.’
‘Tarn will be unhappy.’
‘One day he’ll leave me. I can do without Litzol, but I mustn’t make him angry.’
‘Then go, I’ll warn you when you must come back.’
She sensed excitement at seeing Litzol again and that worried her, she soon disappeared from Calupina’s sight.

It was dark. Litzol sat by a large fire. He’d been busy; there was a pile of wood trimmed and ready for use. He’d brought useful things with him, to make this a home. Litzol was clean too, he must still wash often. The lust in his eyes said everything. Salbeath felt relief as the usual rush of lust came over her too and their passion as fervent as it had been the first time.
‘I have to get back,’ she tried to pull away.
‘You can’t go so soon, you promised to help me put on the roof. I’ve been calling and calling and you’ve ignored me. I made plans to bring an army to get you.’
‘My husband has been difficult; it will get easier in time. The absence hasn’t harmed our relationship has it?’
‘No, and for that I’m relieved. How is our son?’
‘Well, growing bigger before my eyes,’ she paused, ‘I can stay longer, Tarn will be away for the night. But if my grandmother calls a warning then I must leave.’

Salbeath had time that morning to start the roof. However, with Litzol’s primitive tools, it was difficult, and she promised next time to bring modern ones. She had to leave; even so, Litzol was happy. He didn’t go back right away, but tried to follow Salbeath’s instructions for the roof and became frustrated at his lack of progress. He lay back and thought about her unusual strength, once it would’ve annoyed him. However, she was Salbeath, a goddess, and soon he’d be a god.

She used her grandmother’s rooms to clean up before she dressed.
‘Did it go well?’ Calupina asked.
‘Better than I imagined, there was no pretence on my part.’
‘What about his part?’
‘He still wants to be a god.’
‘What else is wrong?’
‘I told you, I promised Halent something and I don’t know what.’
Calupina struggled with her own news. ‘Salbeath.’
‘I’ve been so selfish.’ She saw her grandmother wince. ‘What’s wrong grandmother?’
‘My powers are waning fast, Fiane’s doing much of what I used to, but my scry bowl still works. I admit after Halent’s early games, I still don’t trust it. I see you, and Halent riding together over an empty landscape. The sky is blue and the sun hot. There’s little vegetation, it’s rocky and dry. I can’t hear what you are saying, but you are laughing and show each other much affection.’
‘It must be one of his lies,’ but Salbeath was uneasy because it was familiar, she had similar dreams. ‘He told me when Tarn and Litzol leave me, I’ll be anxious to be with him again. It’s one of his lies.’
‘Perhaps.’
‘We must leave soon and go to Brolan’s and Dias’ wedding, but I’ll come back afterwards.’
‘I can’t open the mountains by myself anymore, and yet I’m not concerned because Tsocathlan has you. You still mourn Clent as I do Dlan. I believe our fates are preordained, as I was taught so many years ago… perhaps what I see in my bowl may prove to be true?’
‘If Clent has returned, will I ever meet him?’
‘Only The Spirits know.’
‘I wish we’d had more time together. Wish I’d never entered The Spirit World, but was getting old with him. Tarn and I, just old, dear friends.’
‘Without Halent’s unexpected help, he’d still be our dark lord. And you, Clent and Tarn, long dead. Tsocathlan rubble, and Plenth too, and the Rima destroyed or taken into his army. You can’t regret what’s happened and never regret love.’
‘You are a wicked, old, and dear woman, Calupina,’ Salbeath smiled
‘Yes I am, and I have the memories to prove it.’

































Chapter 39


Salbeath liked her daughter-in-law. Dias had minor healing powers and a great deal of sense and Brolan saw beyond her pretty face to the woman she’d become. Cara knew her well and told Salbeath she’d be a good wife and friend to Brolan, as the younger sister Eose would be to Farno. It wasn’t planned before Salbeath went away, but Eose and Farno were perfect together too.
‘Then why not come to the wedding?’ urged Salbeath. She followed Cara as she looked after the sick.
Cara looked at Salbeath. She was still haunted by her imprisonment at Halent’s hands. She’d never left the palace since then. Cara gave a sad smile and resumed her work.

Eose caught up to Salbeath. ‘Poor Aunt Cara, how pretty she must have been.’ A tear started in Eose’s eyes.
‘Yes, she was,’ agreed Salbeath.
‘Great-grandmother says she was silly when young, and that it’s dangerous to spend too much time in front of a mirror.’
‘Hard to believe Cara was ever silly, isn’t it? Cele was worse, odd when you consider who their parents are. Your grandparents are the best of people, but even the best of intentions can’t control the outcome. Calupina likes you.’
‘I know, but she scares us. I can’t look in a mirror without expecting to see the Vracan looking over my shoulder.’
Salbeath laughed, ‘She told me that story too. I don’t think you’re in any danger from a Vracan.’
‘I’m looking forward to living in Ranal, but I’ll miss everyone.’
‘You can visit; it’s safer to travel now. And Braystone isn’t as far if you want a change of scene, and to see your sister.’
‘What was it like living with the Rima? Oh, I’m sorry, I forgot.’
‘Forgot what?’
‘Mother says, I shouldn’t mention it.’
‘You can, but it’s not wise in public. I expect you’ve heard Glyn isn’t Tarn’s child, and that’s why your mother warns you not to gossip. It was a long ride. I wish I could have stayed for the summer and saw the wildflowers growing through the grass, but I had to come home.’
They reached Suranbe’s rooms and heard the buzz of women’s talk and the occasional laugh. The wedding clothes were nearly finished. Salbeath always hated sewing, and now Suranbe’s eyes couldn’t see well enough. Her aunt asked Salbeath to escort her out to the gardens for a while, where they found a seat by a tinkling fountain.
‘Sometimes it’s a joy I can’t sew anymore,’ Suranbe admitted.
‘I never learned to, Kena and Natalie did their best but I kept disappearing.’
‘How shocking, a princess who cannot sew,’ Suranbe laughed.
‘I was a stubborn child.’
‘You still are.’

A servant brought wine to a small table. Independent Suranbe dismissed the attendant and tried to pour the wine from the decanter into the glasses. Her hands were weak from arthritis. Both she and Solt moved with difficulty, far worse than the still sprightly Calupina. Salbeath took her hand and used her powers to stop the pain.
‘Better thank you, you always make it better, but pour, please. Are you leaving Glyn here while you travel?’
‘I’d like to, Tarn can’t bear to look at him. Brolan told me he felt awful when I left him here. He overcame his insecurity but you remember how badly behaved he was.’
‘I do. Tarn came to see me. He confided although he still loves you, he’s afraid he’s lost part of your love; the love he never expected, and because of that your deep enduring friendship is at risk.’
‘I don’t feel different towards him no matter what he believes, I’m scared too. Before we were lovers, he wanted to do as Pen intends, to travel to lots of different places like Fiane. I’d be lonely without him, Litzol is a good lover, but he doesn’t have Tarn’s wisdom and a sense of humour. I noticed that about the Rima. Although Pela shows promise in that respect.’
‘Nice young man and very good looking,’ observed Suranbe.
‘You sound like Calupina.’
‘You are like her.’
‘I’m not sleeping with young Pela.’
‘His eyes follow you.’
‘That’s why Flavina is taking care of him. As for Tarn, I’d be vulnerable without him.’
‘I told Tarn a story about the lives of two different women, your grandmother, and myself. My mother was Calupina’s lady-in-waiting. She liked me and although I didn’t have talent as a mystic she was interested in what I thought. I was the same age as your mother and we were friends. I missed her when she married your father, so did Calupina. I think that’s why she liked to talk to me. Your mother was beautiful. The best compliment I ever had about my looks was, I was pretty when I smiled. I loved her, but still jealous no matter how hard I tried. She knew what to say, while I blushed and stammered, unable to get a sensible word out. But I never felt embarrassed with Calupina. She helped Solt and I admit we loved each other, no easy task for I may have been shy but Solt was as bad. He’d no skills with ladies then, and isn’t much better now unless he knows them well. Every girl I knew would have done anything to get him he was so handsome. A soldier with no skills in diplomacy, and he hated the inevitable politics that went with his position. I fell in love the moment he spoke to me.
Calupina threw us together as much as she dared. I stopped stammering and Solt found something to say. We still love each other and I love your grandmother. I was meant to be a good wife and mother, quiet, gentle Suranbe, in whom everyone confided their deep secrets. Few confide in Calupina because they were frightened of her or she was busy. But she always helps anyone who has the nerve to ask her. She sees things differently than I do. I see the simplicity of our lives, how simple emotions can bring love and sometimes hate. She sees the future and how one action can force another. Just as you do, both beautiful, desirable queens. Calupina never held back, if she wanted a man she took him, she tried not to hurt anyone but she did.’ Salbeath nodded. ‘I often wonder if Tarn was a prince, would you have married him and not Clent?
‘Yes.’
‘And then you met Clent.’
Salbeath remembered falling in love. ‘I loved him even when he sat drunk in his chair. It didn’t change my feelings for Tarn.’
‘So if Clent had been the groom with eyes full of love you’d have stayed faithful to Tarn?’
‘I’d have tried,’ Salbeath shrugged her shoulders.
‘What if Halent had been a good king and a powerful wizard, and you sensed mutual want? Would you be happily married to Tarn, or Clent, or be tempted by Halent?’ Suranbe’s soft voice made the images in her head real and she saw everything from a different angle. ‘Would you then love Halent?
‘I don’t know.’
Suranbe took her hand. ‘What’s right for one woman is not always right for another? Your father and your women brought you up to have the same morals they had. He didn’t want you growing up like Calupina. In a way, he stifled you, made your real needs feel wrong.  He knew about your grandmother and her “friends” and disapproved. Terrified your mother might be the same he was insecure, but when she died in that strange earthquake, a part of him died too. Basila wasn’t like her mother, but you see why your father was careful.’
‘Father gave me a fear of loss and guilt and I’m still suffering from it. Perhaps though it also gave me a conscience? I always wondered how mother died, I was told a wall gave way and fell on her. I looked at the wall but it didn’t look as if it had been rebuilt.’
‘I wondered too, Basila was too powerful to be crushed by a wall.’ They looked into each other’s eyes asking the same question, and then Suranbe went back to their conversation.  ‘Calupina was older than I am now when she married a much younger Dlan, he knew although she loved him, that wouldn’t keep her faithful. He had the sense to try not to mind but he did. Just as Clent did before he died. Dlan loved her and was proud of their children; he had more time to give them than she did. She may have had lovers but she loved him, chose him to marry and have his children, and when he died, she was distraught. I remember your mother, newly married and heavily pregnant came to comfort her mother, she only just made it back to Ranal to give birth to Pen. When your mother died, Calupina wanted to bring you up here, but, as expected, your father refused. She didn’t force the issue and hoped when you were old enough you’d come, and so she sent Fiane to help you. What I’m saying is, you need the same lifestyle as your grandmother, but it’s fighting the morals that your father, and dear Natalie and Kena, instilled in you. That’s why you’ve such a sense of confusion, as you repress your real wants. There I’ve said it.’ Salbeath wept. ‘I told Tarn the same truth, you love him. And, if that love wasn’t to wither, he should free you from the usual restraints of marriage; let you be who you should.’
‘What did he say?’
‘He cried, said he’d betrayed Clent, “the best of men” and was no better than you. He wants to stay with you and agrees to adopt Glyn. And won’t ask where you go, or why? But says his heart was broken as a boy, and although patched up for a while, it never healed and it never will.’
‘Oh poor Tarn, I will hurt him Suranbe. I’ve promised I’ll continue to see Litzol, and worse Halent.’
‘So much simpler loving one man as I do,’ Suranbe sighed. ‘The Rima king I understand, but not Halent, is he safely put away?’
‘He never was; it suited him to go.’
‘You don’t owe him anything?’
‘Oh Suranbe, I love him and I hate myself for it. How can I? The creature who killed my father and brothers, Clent’s family and perhaps my mother? I keep making the excuse it’s merely lust, but even in our strange marriage, that lust was intertwined with hate, then pity stirred my love. I thought those feelings would be forgotten now he’s confined to The Spirit World, but they were not, and Calupina sees us happy together one day.’
Suranbe let her cry on her shoulder.
































Chapter 40


The huge wedding party headed for Ranal and then Braystone. It was painful leaving behind those who couldn’t travel far, like Calupina and Suranbe.
Salbeath looked at the many wagons filled with belongings, wedding presents, fine clothes, and tents for the nobles and their servants. Such luxury, not long ago it would’ve been too dangerous to travel. Talking with her old friend Suranbe helped her ingrained guilt wash away.
Tarn rode next to her, they were not talking as much as they used to, but at night, their old passion was renewed.
As they neared Ranal, as always Salbeath remembered Halent, this time she didn’t dismiss her memories but remembered Suranbe’s words; what if? What if Tarn had been her husband and Clent her lover, what if she’d had a different upbringing, would there have been other Litzols? She kept her thoughts from Tarn.

The wedding between Farno and Eose was celebrated first at Ranal, and then everyone moved onto Braystone so Brolan and Dias could marry. When the weddings were over Salbeath went back to Ranal. In her old rooms, she sensed the presence of Maran, it was a comfort, and sometimes when alone she’d whisper to her.

Salbeath made excuses saying she’d other things to do. She dismissed the servants, locked her door, and took off her jewellery and most of her clothes.
Litzol waited, there was a cool wind blowing, and she snuggled into the large, fur rug that now covered what was their bed. They still stayed in the tent, although Litzol was making progress with the roof. Neither talked until after making love and then Litzol asked why she’d been away so long?
‘Two important weddings. I’ll have more time when we return to Tsocathlan, Tarn will have more duties.’
‘And our son?’
‘Tarn knows, but agreed to say he’s his.’
‘He’s not!’ Litzol was angry.
‘It’s better for Glyn he has full status. My family know the truth. When he’s old enough he’ll be trained in Tsocathlan. He’ll know his real father, I promise.’
‘Can’t you bring him?’
‘No, you agreed. I didn’t want him exposed to The Spirit World at an early age.’ Calupina and Suranbe’s talks helped, she sensed less guilt and more love. ‘You’re not staying in The Spirit World are you, just using it to move here and back?’
He looked guilty, ‘No, I tried but it wasn’t welcoming, it made me leave.’
‘I told you it’s dangerous.’
‘I can’t do much with the roof without your help, can you stay longer? I’ve found fruit growing wild I don’t recognise, I thought you might.’ His eyes bored into hers.
‘I told you, Tarn and I will have more time apart, and… he’s agreed to let me see you.’ Litzol didn’t believe her; he’d never do what Tarn agreed to, what kind of man was he?
‘He loves me Litzol and doesn’t want to lose me. I’ll be back soon.’

She wasn’t back in her room at Ranal but in Halent’s bright garden. He smiled. ‘I heard you admit to the good Suranbe you loved me, I told you.’
‘Don’t I get any privacy; do you watch me making love too?’ As he moved to hold her, she pulled away.
‘Did you put those scenes of us in my grandmother’s bowl?’ she demanded.
‘No,’ he was angry, his eyes flashed. ‘Salbeath?’ She let him kiss her.
‘I still hate you,’ she said.
‘Then I’ll just take your love.’

She was finishing her meal when Tarn came and shared her food. ‘Ranal and Braystone’s futures are no longer our business. What now, back to Tsocathlan?’
‘I put so much into each of them and I’m no longer needed, I feel old.’
Tarn laughed, ‘So do I,’ he agreed, ‘but not so old I want to retire to Tsocathlan and teach young adepts.’
‘Nor I.’
‘Good, so what do we do?’
‘Stay in Ranal out of the public eye. I appreciate how uncomfortable the people are around us. Then when Pen gets home we can leave.’
‘Why not travel ourselves? Pen shows us where he’s travelling and those stories Fiane told us when we were young always fired my imagination. There’s plenty of game and wild fruits where I plan to go; we can travel light.’
Salbeath smiled, ‘Why not?’
‘Before that, I said I’d go back to Braystone. Brolan wants help with the library he’s collecting, do you mind?’ he asked, his voice light. It was deliberate; he was giving her time alone so she could do what she wanted. Salbeath nodded but dared not speak.

He left the next morning. Salbeath gathered packed articles to take to the tower and told her women they wouldn’t be needed for a week. She was soon at the new tower with Litzol.
‘I can stay a few days,’ she explained, and he grinned with delight, ‘we’ll finish the roof.’

It was time to leave, and she told him it might be a while before she could stay for days again as she and Tarn planned to travel. But she promised to bring Glyn. That news made him happy if her absence did not.

She was back before Tarn and looking forward to his return. After the talk with Suranbe, she’d come to terms with who she was and what she wanted. Her time with Tarn was precious, for soon, they’d make Tsocathlan home with little time for travel plans. She’d sent her mother’s books she couldn’t part with there, it felt final. The rest she divided between Ranal and Braystone. Tarn was right, in Tsocathlan, she felt claustrophobic or was it seeing her grandmother, Fiane, and others she loved getting old? No, the mountains kept the outside world too far away. A pleasant prison most native Tsocathlan’s loved and didn’t want to leave. She and Tarn would travel while they could. To the east was good farming land that might be settled by the people of the Six Kingdoms or the Rima. Now Tarn gave her freedom, life could be perfect.

Pen came back to Tsocathlan before they started on their travels, and mother and son spent time discussing what he had seen.
‘Northeast over this pass are woods and fertile valleys.’ He pointed at a map he’d drawn. ‘It’s cold but warmer than the Rima lands.’
‘They’ll need more land in time but so will the Six Kingdoms and Tsocathlan.’
Pen pointed to another map. ‘Over the high mountains are two passes that lead to similar lands, and better weather than the northern ones for our people? I’ll go further east; there are stories of darker skinned people, similar to the Plenth, there. So far, the old books and maps are correct. However, to the south, over these mountains, there’s desert, bigger and hotter than the one that surrounds Plenth. With our talents that shouldn’t be difficult to travel, but I can’t find any book that mentions anyone crossing it. I’ve looked in Tsocathlan for a map but only found myths about monsters and a sea.’
‘I loved the sea when I close my eyes I can still see it. Well, Pen, enough travelling here for many lifetimes,’ but Salbeath looked sad, ‘Pen, I hate to see you alone.’
‘Mother, we’ve discussed this many times, I’m fine.’

It was decided; the three of them would set off north and search for lands the Rima might settle.
Tarn was difficult at first. ‘Why the Rima?’
‘Because once they farm they’ll need more land. It’s not just for the Rima. I’d like to find a way over our high mountains to the east too, and start a settlement from Braystone,’ explained Salbeath.
‘What did you think of the Rima, Pen?’ Tarn wouldn’t let it go.
‘Primitive, but a vital people,’ he told them he saw the meeting of the tribes. Salbeath knew the news and listened in silence as Tarn recovered his good mood. ‘Litzol was proclaimed the King of All Tribes. He has power too.’
‘But Salbeath says he’s untrained in comparison with our adepts.’
‘They use a different approach but it can be successful with those who have talent, a Tsocathlan trained Litzol would be very powerful. He has the sense and foresight to see settlements and farming as the only way forward.’

They set off to go east to look for a mountain pass.
Silently Pen spoke to his mother,
It will be hard to find time for Litzol once you travel.
Time with him is best in short bursts. Before he makes a mistake and shows his lust for power that makes me love him less. I’m free for a while and I love Tarn. I am happy but I worry you spend too much time alone.
I love my siblings but I embarrass them in public, as you and Tarn do, I look too young. One day we’ll embarrass the Tsocathlan too. Then we’ll need to find a home away from everyone.
‘What are you discussing?’ asked Tarn.
‘Where we will live when even Tsocathlan fears us,’ admitted Pen.
‘Is that what we are doing ‒ looking for another home?’
‘I suppose we are,’ admitted Salbeath.
‘Tarn, mother has put herself second for many years as she does her best for the Six Kingdoms. She’ll be needed in Tsocathlan, but after we’ve achieved a lasting peace what will she do? Where will we go?’
Tarn was happy with Pen’s explanation but they continued to speak privately. And father, he’s changed, you realise that?
Do I?
He’s always been free, he pretended to be imprisoned. Tarn tries not to fear him but he does.
Are you saying he might come back, raise another army, and start everything again?
No, he won’t try again.
Boredom - do you think he was bored? Salbeath was angry at the feelings she was picking up from Pen.
Tarn will sense your feelings, he’s suspicious; he’s trying hard to do what he must.
What are you trying to tell me?
That Tarn and Litzol can die; you too at present, but father won’t let you.
And you?
I’m more that world than this.
And Halent; can he die?
He’s been there too long. That gives him pain, in the past there were many times he wanted to die, and tried.
Are you trying to make me sorry for him?
You do.
You understand me better than I do. Dear Calupina and Suranbe have a good idea but no-one knows me as well as you.
I can’t stay forever in this world.
Why not Pen?
Because I’m an extension of that world, and that’s why one day I’ll want to live in it, and you will beg me to stay.
Are you leaving?
Not yet. I ask The Guardians questions. It won’t do you any harm to spend time there. But it could hurt Tarn and Litzol. Tarn, because he’s frightened of it. And Litzol, because he wants power more than he wants you. They’ll not be another Halent; that experiment is over, and will never be repeated.
Experiment, they let Halent loose to watch?
This world is their playground.
Why tell me this now?
Father asked me to, he knows you believe little of what he says, and he says you’ve changed towards him.
In what way?
You love him.
No, not love. Salbeath still denied it.
Better ride forward. Tarn’s nervous; we’ve been talking privately too long.

Salbeath slipped away to Litzol while Tarn and Pen hunted, she watched him sleep. He looked like Halent when he slept as if his true character was asleep too. Halent’s skin was smooth and perfect and Litzol’s weather-beaten. She felt a sudden tenderness at his imperfection, and just as she smiled, he woke and saw her expression.
‘You’ve not looked at me that way for a while,’ he said.
‘I’ve been distracted,’ Salbeath admitted, ‘and I don’t like what I do to Tarn.’
‘You might have stayed with me?’
‘No, I’ve responsibilities. Why do you keep asking, are you so insecure?’
‘Only about you, I know where I’m heading, but where’s Glyn? You promised you’d bring him.’
‘Next time I’m in Tsocathlan. I must prepare him.’


















Chapter 41


The years passed. Brolan had five and Farno three children. Glyn studied with Fiane and Salbeath took him to see his father at regular intervals. Tarn understood why they disappeared. Pen still travelled and infrequently returned, but he kept in close contact with his mother. Their visits to Ranal and Braystone were now secretive affairs, only trusted old servants saw to their needs. The times with family were conducted in secret. Salbeath and Tarn still roamed as the fancy took them, often with Pen.
The Rima had their crops and permanent settlements, and the old one by the sea expanded and improved. Litzol proved a good king. Salbeath and Litzol’s tower was finished and a comfortable home. He kept asking her to stay with him, and she said she couldn’t leave Tarn. Litzol continued to improve his army and nothing Salbeath said to him changed his mind.

They were summoned to Tsocathlan. Calupina was ill and Fiane begged them to come.
Calupina was dying. Suranbe died only a few years ago and Solt followed her soon afterwards. Salbeath didn’t leave her grandmother’s side as she slipped away. Everyone in Tsocathlan came to her funeral and stood silently in the streets as her body was carried to the cave where the greatest of the adepts were laid to rest.
It was an eerie day, the usually good weather replaced by dark, threatening clouds, echoing everyone’s sadness. As the bier approached the cave, thunder sounded and lightning flashed before the rain came in torrents. The adepts paid the final compliment to Calupina’s power, letting the rain soak them and the mud cover their shoes and gowns. The solemn sound of songs of grief filled the air and many cried. Salbeath helped Fiane walk back and ordered him to a bath.

She knocked on his door, ‘The feast starts in an hour, if you are too tired everyone will understand.’
‘I’ll be there if you offer me your strong arm again? Salbeath, I’ll soon follow Calupina, I’m empty without her as if my power has gone with her.’
‘No, you are just tired.’
‘I’ll get more tired without my sister. If you don’t stay the rain will fall heavily more often, and the cold will cover us in a thick, icy blanket. It’s a shame only Pen has similar skills to his mother, but he can’t stay anywhere for long.’
‘That’s why he refused his inheritance of Ranal, he’d have been a good king, but he’s a brother who’s just as capable.’
‘How is Glyn doing with the Rima?’
‘Well enough, but like Tarn, he’ll never move the mountains alone. I promise I’d base myself here when the time comes.’
‘Salbeath, you still look like that girl I led out of the tunnels so long ago. Here in Tsocathlan, we adept’s are used to longer lives, but one day even our people will come to fear you. I’m worried about what will happen here.’
‘One-day Tsocathlan will lose its power. I’ll help as long as I’m allowed to,’ she read his mind. ‘Uncle Fiane, you can’t mean it?’
‘Why not, another Pen for Tsocathlan? You had Glyn to appease the Rima.’
‘It nearly cost me Tarn, if I did as you suggest, he’d leave me.’
‘Then Tsocathlan will fall. And Ranal and Braystone, and the Rima will take over our lands.’
Salbeath thought of Litzol’s tower, once long neglected. Who built the round huts by the sea long ago? Had people gone without a trace? Or were they our ancestors?
‘I understand why you ask; but please don’t ask me to risk Tarn’s love again.’ Tears came and not just for Fiane’s suggestion.
‘I’m sorry to upset you more on this terrible day Salbeath. Calupina and I thought another of your children would have your talents.’
‘Oh Fiane, it was awful to see grandmother struggle to breathe,’ and this time she wept. Soon she’d weep for her uncle too.

That night after the feast in honour of Calupina, Salbeath cried in Tarn’s arms, and for more than her grandmother. For Fiane’s suggestion, she has another child powerful enough to protect Tsocathlan from its inevitable decay. The only way they could be certain the child had great power was a child of Halent. On the other hand, as many feared, the world would fall into chaos again. Was it inevitable? After working so long for peace, they must fight again? No wonder Halent was content to wait. He saw all possible futures.

Fiane was right, for the next time she went to the tower, Litzol, instead of waiting for her in bed, paced the floor.
‘What’s wrong?’ she asked, worried at the expression on his face.
‘How many times have I called you, didn’t I say this was urgent?’
‘You always say that. Calm yourself and tell me why you are worried?’
He handed her a goblet of fine Tsocathlan workmanship, not out of place in the new luxury of the once, ruined tower.
‘Litzol you’re frightening me.’
‘It’s my fault,’ Litzol explained, ‘I saw nothing wrong in letting the young men listen to the ancient stories the old ones tell. But they only see the romance and hear the blood pounding in their ears. They’ve turned their backs on what we’ve achieved and want a return to what they see is their inheritance, and are calling for blood. My enemies in the Council are encouraging them. I doubt they’ll choose me as a king next time. I’ll go back to being chief of my Nine Tribes. They say you bewitched me and as I never grow old, I must be a demon. It’s only a matter of time before they say the same of Glyn, isn’t it? Those who were once my friends avoid me. It’s been simmering a long time, but now it’s out in the open.’
‘I warned you years ago people will become frightened of you, Glyn tries to avoid being in The Spirit World as much as possible. He’s more sense than his father, and his mother too.’
‘It is kind to you because you belong there.’
‘Don’t say that!’ She picked up what Litzol was trying to avoid telling her, ‘Who’s died?’ She guessed. ‘My ambassadors? No, they were good men. How many?’
‘A third of those in Sealand and my new town of Riverland, those elsewhere were warned and hid before the raiders struck. Glyn is gathering them into one place and means to bring them back to Tsocathlan. Hasn’t he contacted you?’
‘No, he obviously left that to you.’
‘They’ll be followed, he’s enough power to make most fear him, and he’s your son. The stories of your moving mountains are told even now, but he’s still training in Tsocathlan. The old men have changed their stories. Saying the Goddess Salbeath will come and avenge her men and women. But it’s too late, the young refuse to listen.’
Salbeath was devastated at the news. Litzol didn’t understand the fine art of diplomacy which kept peace and he’d let in war, she wasn’t surprised.
‘Yes,’ he admitted, ‘it’s my fault. I spend too much time here waiting for you. I’m not a good king.’
‘You are a good king; you’ve fed your peoples empty stomachs, allowed the old to survive until a natural death in the presence of their friends and family. Instead of dying alone in the wilderness as they wait for death.’
‘I can’t keep everyone happy or call out my enemies and destroy them. They’ve called a gathering of the tribes two months early. That means they will get rid of me, a true Rima would go happily to his death. Can I die?’
‘If you want to. Do you?’
‘I’m not ready.’
‘What else?’
‘They see Ranal and Braystone as easier prey than Plenth or Tsocathlan. Since Sueneest’s death, the rebellious Shamans make their hallucinatory drug for the young men for bravery in battle.’
‘There must be sensible Rima who’ll say no to this?’
‘I was thinking of living here permanently. Those crops I tried did well and I can bring more livestock.’
‘Stop that! Go back and fight them.’
‘Why, you won’t let them anywhere near the Six Kingdoms.’ He was angry as he felt her emotions, ‘How dare you offer me the greatest insult you can to a Rima. I’m not a coward! I can’t go against my people’s wishes.’
‘Liar, you expect me to destroy your enemies.’
‘They see me as a monster, a lesser god, a demon.’ At that moment, he looked like one and Salbeath recoiled.
‘I don’t want to kill your young men and if I disarm them…’
‘They will kill themselves,’ he was Litzol the king again and he cared for his people more than himself.
‘We have time before they march,’ Salbeath’s mind was racing, ‘but once they get approval they won’t take long to reach Ranal. I need another way because I won’t let them destroy any part of the Six Kingdoms. I don’t care about their outdated masculine honour, what honour is there in rape and murder under the influence of hallucinatory drugs.’
He became the demon again, ‘I thought by now you’d have learned to love me, not just use me?’
He didn’t hear her words because he’d gone, ‘No Litzol, I do.’

She moved to follow him and was in Halent’s garden standing before him. ‘Did you plan this?’
‘No, I’m just observing, do you want to be rid of him now?’
‘No!’
‘He won’t be back, we both knew he couldn’t love you and be faithful to his people. He’ll lead them into battle hating and loving you, wanting to die as a man betrayed.’
‘What he wants are his people to change and survive.’
‘Tarn will leave you too, the cancer of his failed love is eating him inside, and our new baby will make it worse. He’ll not accept another child who is not his own. Fiane’s idea was the right one and I had no part in influencing him. There is gossip even in Tsocathlan. You hide your face in Ranal and Braystone because you frighten the people. They’d prefer you a memory and not a goddess, or what did they call me, “a Demodicus”?’
‘I am not a Demodicus!’
‘Neither am I, and yet you are just as obsessed as I was, and not with war or power as I manifested, but with keeping everyone safe forever. You can’t do that, things have to change, you realise that.’
‘I’m still a queen in two states, an advisor in Calish, sworn protector of another, and soon we will rebuild the last two. I won’t let those savages destroy everything. You only wanted to destroy too remember?’
‘I did, but I’m not a “Demodicus”. I came to experience human behaviour and war was one of many common human states. I rarely made anyone do what wasn’t in his or her nature, they made the choices.’
‘I hate you Halent,’ she screamed, ‘I hate you!’ 
She was back in her grandmother’s room.

She warned the adepts in the Six Kingdoms to expect war and to send men north to meet outside Tsocathlan. Thanks to her insistence, they were well drilled and ready to fight, and in a week, they marched north to the Rima. One night Pen appeared in Salbeath’s tent.
‘Where have you been, I’ve been calling.’ She was curt.
‘I’ve been watching you, you’ve lost Litzol?’
‘He hasn’t called me. If I do what Fiane suggests I’ll lose Tarn too, and if I don’t I may lose everything, unless you want to stay?’
Pen ignored the barb, ‘So the question is, are you a queen or woman first,’ he sounded sad.
‘Queen, I took more than one oath and will not break any of them.’
‘It’s time you separated the truth and stopped trying to be everything to everybody.’
‘I can’t expect you to give up your life and stay, I realise that.’
‘I’ve been far west, found a sea and unsettled land a good way south of the Rima lands, but that can wait for later. Right now you need to rest.’
‘No, I can do without sleep, but Glyn needs help. He’s bringing our ambassadors and workers back to safety. They are ill-equipped to fight and are only just ahead of the Rima chasing them.’
‘I’ll help him.’ Salbeath breathed a sigh of relief, feeling calmer for her son’s involvement. ‘What’s your plan mother?’
‘Before we make final camp I’ll hide us in a mist, they won’t find us.’
‘A good idea, but that makes the Six Kingdom men nervous.’
‘I’ll take Tsocathlan adepts to protect the perimeter. Glyn says everyone is coping and keeping as quiet as possible, but Rima spies are everywhere. He’s cast a mist too. I’m not sure of my next step but I’d prefer to avoid bloodshed on both sides.’
‘Father must enjoy this.’
‘No doubt.’
‘Where are the Rima?’
‘Most march the Plains of Predol gathering men as they go. I’ll head there.’
‘Father will help if you ask.’
‘No I’m not asking ‒ help Glyn.’ The moment he’d gone she continued her search for Litzol, she was worried.

She found Litzol by entering The Spirit World and casting her mind for his energies were weak. He lay face down in a narrow ravine, covered in blood; his troops left him to die. He was still alive and his body did its best to heal him. She carefully turned him over, there were many deep wounds on both sides, but he was conscious. ‘I have to get you to The Spirit World you’re too hurt to heal yourself,’ she urged.
‘No,’ he croaked.
‘Litzol, why did you let them do this to you, you could’ve escaped?’ He heard the fear in her voice. ‘I don’t care what you believe, I love you.’
He gave a crooked smile, there was a deep cut running the length of his cheek. ‘That’s why I want to die, I’ve no honour left. I betrayed my people because I loved a woman and our son more than them. I don’t want to live, so don’t force me. You’re not mine, every time we said goodbye I became less. If you truly loved me, you’d have stayed. Once I offered to come with you and you laughed, remember?’
‘I explained you had to stay. Your great vision for your people was necessary and you did so much to help them.’ 
But he saw the mixture of guilt and pity in her eyes. ‘I wish I could see Glyn.’

Salbeath went for him. 
‘Glyn, tell him he must live, it’s not too late.’
‘It is, he told me his love for you was a bitter pleasure. I promised him I’d look out for our people, if not as a king as a shaman. The Rima have decided, he’s outcast and no longer one of them, they don’t want him.’
‘What if they kill you too, Glyn?’ His mother whispered.
‘No Salbeath,’ Litzol croaked. ‘You’ll defeat them, and when you do my son will rule, and wiser, better than I did. If they can’t face change, then let those die of hunger and become a memory on the winds. My son will be the greatest shaman they have ever known.’
He coughed up blood; he’d given up trying to heal his body. A wind rose, and Salbeath made a move to save him, but Glyn intervened.
‘No leave him, the Rima say a man is blessed if he can choose his own death and that’s what father’s doing. Let him die and I’ll make sure he’s remembered as the great man he was.’
Tears poured unchecked, and the wind blew harder, she felt Litzol’s spirit leave and where the winds took it. They built a Cairn over his ruined body and Salbeath and Glyn were back in her tent.

Pen waited for them. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘You said we can die if we wish. I see now why sometimes we don’t want to live. It was his time but it still hurts. See our people are brought here Pen. I’ll look after your brother.’

Thanks to Salbeath’s quick reaction, they made good progress. The Rima still waited for the outlying tribes to join the main army. Those who listened to their elders understood Salbeath was a good general, even if a woman and a witch. The Rima scouts found by the adepts were killed so none reported back. They camped in a high valley the Rima never entered; the spirits of men who ran from battle supposedly haunted it. It was often covered in mist, so Salbeath’s cover didn’t appear out of place.
Glyn felt sorrow for his father but was determined the dreams he had for his people would happen. He and Pen listened as the generals planned their moves.
Glyn explained many of the Rima were too arrogant to learn new ideas, and Salbeath’s ambassadors as careful as they were, made them feel stupid. Many wanted to change, but once committed to a joint course they wouldn’t be swayed.

Salbeath, Pen, and Glyn dressed as natives, looked around the now huge Rima encampment. Salbeath dressed as a man, her long dark hair hidden under a skin hood pulled over her face. She looked for a way to drive them apart before it came to a battle, and then she’d have to use her powers to protect her people.
‘Just as well the Rima are superstitious and don’t go into battle before they celebrate the summer festival, or you wouldn’t have got here in time,’ suggested Glyn.
‘How are you going to terrorise them to go home?’ asked Pen.
‘I’m hoping to avoid a fight. If I can get rid of the worst of the ringleaders, and those in the Council who support them, that should be enough. Then, Glyn, you should marry daughters of the Rima chiefs you can trust; to make sure you keep their support.’
Both men grinned, but Glyn said, ‘I was brought up in Tsocathlan and my studies aren’t finished.’
‘You need to take up Rima customs too,’ she smiled. ‘I’m aware you love Calama and whether she’ll want to be the chief wife of a Rima king is up to her. She’s still young, and if she loves you enough she’ll agree to come here. In the meantime, take those Rima wives and have children, keep them happy but not too secure.  Then one day, if she agrees, bring Calama here as your queen. With luck, your wives won’t miss your presence too much, act like an arrogant Rima and they’ll be glad to see the back of you.’
‘Mother!’ Glyn blushed as Pen laughed. ‘And Pen, who’ll he marry?’
‘No-one, he has no children for good reason,’ his mother smiled.
‘I doubt I can be a Rima bully,’ Glyn gave a grimace. ‘I love Calama and hope I don’t lose her.’
‘You won’t have an easy time,’ said Pen, ‘mother didn’t. And it cost Litzol everything. But Calama is a woman and not a witch; you can build her a fine house near the sea, and one closer to Tsocathlan.’
‘Hope you’re right. I’ll build a Ranal style fortress and a town will grow around it. I can move stones, even if mountains are beyond me.’
‘I’ll help too,’ said Salbeath. ‘I helped build Ranal and Braystone from scratch,’ she didn’t mention the tower, it was a safe place to hide and might be again.
‘Thanks,’ Glyn sighed, ‘and mother, can you help me pick wives if I’m not to have trouble later. I want to spend time in Tsocathlan too. I’m not comfortable here, father tried to help me, but I’m a stranger.’
‘That’ll have to change Glyn, and I’m not the best role model,’ admitted Salbeath.
Glyn replied, ‘Not always, but you love us and rule well, and have taught us to do the same. Thanks to you the Six Kingdoms prosper.’
‘But my personal life is a mess.’ They realised she considered Fiane’s wish for another child by Halent. That would finish her marriage with an ever more insecure Tarn. ‘I wish Halent never wanted me. I wish I’d died after a long and happy life with Clent and our children, even if we’d been beggars. Now I’m trapped by my responsibilities. If I have a daughter with Pen’s powers, a witch as good as or better than Calupina, she’d make a safe future for both Tsocathlan and the Six Kingdoms. Only then might I be free of this world.’

Neither son mentioned Tarn but they thought of him. He’d done his best to be a father to Salbeath’s children since the death of Clent, and they loved him. Salbeath heard their thoughts.
Pen reined in his horse, ‘Something’s happening there,’ he pointed to a gathering of men away from the main camp.
‘Find out,’ said his mother.
Glyn and Salbeath rested the horses away from the settlements until he returned. The horses enjoyed the thick grass, while Salbeath and Glyn chewed on the dried rations the Rima use when on the move.

Pen looked pleased. ‘Good news, not all the young men dream of the old days spent in a saddle. They like their farms, comfortable homes, and their wives and mother’s do too. Most have crops growing and are anxious to get back before they are stolen. There are few hungry bellies thanks to their farms, and they’re not happy at Litzol’s betrayal by the Council. They believe he’d did well by them, and if he looked too young then it was because he was a shaman, not a Dalasa.’
‘A Demodicus,’ Salbeath repeated in her language and grimaced.
‘There’s more, they’re terrified that the she-demon, love of Litzol, will come and revenge his death so you’re not forgotten, mother. They drink the same drug at this festival as the winter one.’
‘They’ll fight and not copulate?’ asked Glyn, worried there would be bloodshed.
Pen had changed the outcome. ‘That’s the plan but I’ve altered it, they will find it hard to focus and want to sleep and not go insane with bloodlust. I propose we make the hard metals too hot to hold, so hot they drop them. Those who killed Litzol will fight barehanded.’
‘Pen, advise the army.’
‘Yes, and I’ll make sure the swords are hot enough to burn through skin wraps,’ he jumped back on his horse and headed for the Six Kingdom’s army.

The old Rima habit of adding drugs to their drink at festivals made it easier for Salbeath’s organised army. The Rima dropped their weapons as they became red hot. As Pen predicted, the younger ones responsible for the destruction of Litzol, fought and were killed by the Six Kingdom’s soldiers. Now for judgement, just as in the aftermath of the battle for Ranal, she searched the Rima’s hearts and minds. It reminded her of the loss of her innocence many years ago, the Salbeath who pretended to be a terrible witch had become just that. She sentenced over two hundred men to death, and she felt nothing, no pity, and no grief over the loss of Litzol. Too easy and getting easier.

Pen found her as she looked down the hill at the movement in the Rima camp. ‘Is everything under control and the ringleaders dead?’ She asked, still searching for her humanity.
‘Yes.’
‘You should go back to Tsocathlan; they’ll be insecure without one of us there. Glyn and I will finish here, and most of our army can return home soon. I’ve lost someone else Pen, Tarn has decided to leave. He stayed longer than I hoped. I’ve lost everything now, him, and my humanity. I have no senses, no love, nothing, not even for my dear Tarn. If I’d known the future I’d have listened to my father, Kena and Natalie, and stayed away from him. It should hurt more. I realised when I searched the souls of the Rima leaders, I’m no longer human. Pen was I wrong to take Glyn so young into The Spirit World; will he end up like me?’
‘He’s wise, and knows not to stay long, but just use it for travel. He’ll live longer but as a man.’
‘Not marry Calama?’
‘No mother and he knows it,’ Pen agreed.
‘I’m sorry. I hope he’ll be happy here.’ Salbeath felt sad he wouldn’t marry his love. That feeling gave her hope.
‘He’s half Rima and he’ll build his Ranal. The Rima will prosper and be friends with its neighbours. 
‘I thought you’d be happy your father and I will be together again.’
‘I love my father, he taught me to use my power, but from you I learned to be human, now I know for sure, I too am lost.’
At that admission, Salbeath’s feelings returned as if a knife twisted in her heart. ‘I’m so sorry Pen.’
‘Mother, you’ve not lost your humanity, you still love us. You love Tarn too; beg him to stay with you.’
‘Too late. It’s time to conceive the next Calupina. Fiane said I must, he told me again a few days before he died. I miss him, he had more wisdom than my grandmother, her power was greater, but she terrified most of her family, while everyone loved Fiane.’

A mist formed and his father stepped out of it. He was surprised at his mother’s emotions, mostly of relief as her fight with her demon was finished.
‘Pen, Glyn will need your help here too. I’ll take the child to Tsocathlan.’
Halent smiled. He’d waited a long time for his wife to return and was at last content.

A year later Salbeath opened the mountain to Tsocathlan. She rode to the palace and handed Fendal’s son Balden, now King of Tsocathlan, her daughter. A child not of The Spirit World but conceived in this one. She gave her one, last, lingering look, ran to her horse, mounted, and disappeared.

Halent waited for her in the mountains, overlooking Tsocathlan. ‘So it’s done.’
‘Yes, wish I could keep her, but she’s not for me, she’s human. I hope she’ll forgive me.’
‘So we head west and cross the sea Pen mentioned?’
‘I’m not needed here. Pen will help if Balden or the other kings call. Soon our daughter will be the protector of Tsocathlan. I’ll become a myth, as you are.’
‘It won’t be easy to stay away.’
‘I must.’
Next moment they galloped across Tsocathlan’s rich, fertile plain, to the passage to the west, but there was one last issue to resolve, Tarn.







Chapter 42


Glyn watched his oldest sons practising with weapons. It had been twenty years since he’d seen his mother and he missed her. Sometimes he sensed her and wondered if she were watching him. He had six wives but still wanted Calama. She’d married a Tsocathlan. He hoped she was happy, this was a hard life for a lady and he was to marry another girl, another political marriage.
The Rima prospered, especially those in the first city by the sea called Sealand. Other cities were growing too, although a few families still lived a nomadic life. He’d built a thriving fort from stones with Pen’s help, not his mothers. Sometimes his life was full of regrets and no joys. His children helped, he was proud of them.
It hadn’t been easy to set up Litzol’s dreams, and many times Pen saved his brother’s life. The old ways died with the old men and their stories. Pen had taken over his mother’s duties and responsibilities, and her grandchildren now ruled elsewhere.
Glyn turned as he sensed Pen behind him. He loved Pen and was sorry for the brother who only lived for his relative's well-being. ‘How’s life in Tsocathlan?’ he greeted him.
‘Fine, apart from our sister Maran,’ he admitted and made a face. ‘She never listens to anyone and never to me; just as well she was conceived outside The Spirit World.’
‘Does she ever enter?’ Glyn asked.
‘No. Mother left her a letter explaining it was dangerous. You understand the wisdom of using it only as an emergency?’
‘Yes, but you tell me Maran isn’t easily led, and still a child, and children rarely do as they are asked,’ Glyn laughed, impressed his brother managed to keep her safe.
‘She’s fiery, excels at her studies. Her many suitors aren’t put off by her careless treatment of them. Come to the wedding when she makes her mind up which one she wants.’
‘Yes, it’s been a long time since I last visited Tsocathlan and things are secure here now.’
‘That’s an excuse; you’re worried you’ll meet Calama.’
Glyn looked away and changed the subject. ‘So who do you think Maran will choose?’
‘A man called Prairdan.’
‘Doesn’t sound Tsocathlan?’
‘He came from South Braystone, an old family, but poor because of the wars. He was sent to train as a wizard but discovered he’s a better soldier than adept. Maran likes him best but he considers himself beneath her. She’ll get him.’
‘Is she as beautiful as mother?’
‘No,’ Pen shook his head, ‘because she’s never visited The Spirit World. She’s human, looks as mother did a long time ago and has the skills of Calupina. I’m sorry for Prairdan.’
‘Then I hope he’s a wise man. How is mother?’
‘Happy, she says, but she still looks for Tarn, he keeps one step ahead of her. Father is happy to follow her.’
‘I wonder what’ll happen when she finds him; do you think he’ll forgive her?’
‘No, her being with father makes it impossible.’
‘You’ve seen Tarn?’
‘We keep in touch and I’ve promised never to tell her.’
‘Does Halent know where he is?’
‘Oh yes.’
‘Why doesn’t he tell her?’
‘Because she believes she’s regaining her humanity by this quest. The reality is once she finds him, she’ll realise it’s not possible.’
‘I’m a simple man Pen; it’s too much for me to understand.’
‘Brother, you must stop worrying. I never had humanity so how can I lose it?’
‘Rubbish, you are the most humane person I’ve met. You didn’t want to take over from mother, but when she left you did. Pen, you should have a wife and children; a gentle, kind woman, like my lost love, Calama.’
‘You mean well, but a creature such as I shouldn’t have children.’

































Chapter 43


Maran tossed her gold locks aside and concentrated on her Scry bowl, it had been her great-grandmothers. She looked for her mother. ‘Mother, please answer me,’ she begged, ‘I will marry Prairdan in a few months and I want you here, please answer me?’
‘I hope she’ll come,’ said a voice behind her, ‘but in disguise, and not with your father.’
Maran turned around, ‘Why not with my father, Ciara?’ She asked the adept in charge of her studies.
‘Because if people find out who he really is they won’t trust you.’
‘Ciara, she gave me away and she won’t answer me.’
‘She had you for Tsocathlan. I knew her well, and it would have cost her a great deal to leave you here Maran. She loved all her children and cherished every moment she spent with them.’
‘I feel her absence, it’s a deep pain.’
Ciara held her close and let her cry.

Salbeath and Halent had a home in the real world, a fine palace built by their magic, on a rocky shore overlooking the western sea. She’d often leave and continue her search for Tarn. Most of the time Halent went with her, but she liked to go alone sometimes. If they met anyone, they disguised their beauty or people became afraid.
Now and then Salbeath vented her frustration, ‘Where is he? You and Pen won’t tell me.’
‘Pen made a promise.’
‘I don’t expect you did.’
‘I promised Pen, I won’t tell you.’
‘Halent please, I must find him.’
‘Salbeath! I can’t,’ but he realised, she would never rest until she did.

Tarn couldn’t sense joy. He’d crossed the wide sea in a raft and taken vows in a strange, isolated monastery. The monks were small, dark men with an unknown language. During his busy days, he managed not to think about Salbeath, but at night, she came to him in his dreams if asleep, or his imagination if awake. She was beautiful and naked and she’d instigate making love. He’d cry if awake and cry out if asleep. He wanted to die. It wasn’t impossible just difficult. He’d tried a few times, but each time, as fear or pain became too much he’d enter The Spirit World. He wondered if his nemesis Halent, could help him die, then imagined Salbeath lying in his perfect arms, and couldn’t stop screaming aloud his pain.
One night he woke the monks up as he screamed in his sleep. The abbot was an austere, unforgiving man who had lost patience with the stranger, and soon he’d force him to leave. He went back across the sea.

Maran’s wedding was close. She still prayed her mother and father might come. The rest of the family were coming from the Six Kingdoms and her brother Glyn from distant Rima. Prairdan had resisted, but she wanted him and he knew she needed him. Unlike the other men she met, he was calm and quiet. He had dark hair and soft grey eyes. In his arms, she was safe, and soon she would bear him beautiful children.
She passed Pen’s rooms and sensed something unfamiliar, there was someone there, but when she knocked and walked in it was empty. Using her Scry bowl she discovered Tarn hiding. The man in the tattered, monk's robe, was as described by family, who still worried about him. Another reason Mother wouldn’t come to the wedding was her supposed father was hiding here.

They arrived in Calupina’s old rooms, set aside for Salbeath if she ever came back. Nothing changed, only that Salbeath’s books and the other belongings she left behind were here instead of her grandmothers. The female acolyte in charge of the rooms ran to see to the unexpected guests. Salbeath stood near the open window. A silk shawl was thrown onto a chair and the acolyte picked it up to put away. She saw another figure sat in an old chair and backed away.
‘He won’t hurt you Naile; he’s a different man from the Halent of the myths.’
‘I doubt I was ever that man,’ said a deep, musical voice.
‘Believe me, my love,’ replied Salbeath, ‘you were.’
‘It attracted your attention.’
‘Too much; it killed my family,’ the bitterness that once would have been in her voice was long gone.

Naile was terrified, the undying tyrant was in Calupina’s rooms and sat in the old queen’s favourite chair at Tsocathlan’s True Queen’s invitation. She stopped shaking as Salbeath soothed her fear.
‘We still eat and drink Naile. May I ask for that light wine I used to love, and soft bread, with cheese and fruit?’
‘Your Majesty, forgive me,’ she hurried away. She had to tell Chiara the queen was back after an absence of twenty years.

‘See how scared she is Halent; you should’ve let me come alone. Calupina would be horrified you sit in her favourite chair.’
‘She’s my daughter too Salbeath, and I haven’t seen her since you brought her here, and Pen will never marry. I wanted to come.’
Salbeath sat as she waited for Naile to come back, but Chiara followed her with another tray. Chiara was braver than Naile; she had to be looking after as spirited charge as Maran.
‘Your Majesty.’ She curtsied to Salbeath and avoided acknowledging Halent. ‘Your daughter prayed you’d come.’
‘I heard her Chiara.’
‘Then why not come before this? The child is fascinated with the stories they tell about you.’
‘And of me, no doubt?’ Halent mocked.
Chiara stiffened but refused to react to Halent's taunt. ‘She knows you’re not welcome here,’ she answered politely, ‘but as Tsocathlan’s True Queen has invited you, then I’ll do my duty and look after you.’ She made a bow, and grabbing Naile’s arm she pulled the woman with her.  Salbeath poured the wine.

‘The True Queen,’ Halent repeated.
‘What they mean is I’m Calupina’s successor. She never wanted to be queen, she handed that dubious honour to Uncle Solt. I loved Solt and Suranbe, so many people I miss, and it's worse when I’m here.’
‘Does Maran want to be True Queen?’
‘I doubt it but it’s her duty when I secede, the successor will take the official title as king or queen, asking Maran for help with difficult matters. Why did you come Halent, you could’ve observed the wedding from the shadows?’
‘It’s not the same; I’m fed up with shadows. I’d prefer to watch my daughter’s wedding as a human father. I’d like to take part, kiss and hold her in my arms. Pen might be a dutiful son but we never touch, never have.’ How true, Pen and his mother still shared love with a caress. ‘Pen was always reluctant to touch me. He’s had relationships with women and not one has touched his heart. He has a heart so I’ve often wondered why?’
‘Stop making mischief. He doesn’t compare every woman with his mother. He doesn’t want to settle because he can’t, and that’s thanks to us.’
‘I want more children Salbeath, but children of our world.’
‘I’m too afraid,’ She stopped, and looked excited, and then scared, ‘She’s close.’
‘Don’t worry she’ll forgive you, me – maybe, eventually.’
‘I hope so.’

Chiara opened the door and a gloriously pretty girl entered, she had her mother’s brilliant eyes but her father’s pale colouring. Her cheeks were flushed and she hadn’t finished dressing. She stopped at the sight of her mother, taking in every part of her mother’s appearance, and the look of love in Salbeath’s eyes. Her doubts vanished; she saw her mother loved her. She gave a sob and ran into Salbeath’s open arms. Salbeath felt warm tears on her shoulder, relieved at the depth of her own feelings. Halent stood up and watched. Chiara, satisfied her charge would not be disappointed, withdrew.
‘Hush, dear one don’t cry,’ cooed Salbeath. Maran drew back as she sensed her father’s presence; a wave of shame overcame her.
Halent was hurt, only Salbeath understood how much. ‘No hugs for your father, I wanted to see my only daughter’s wedding.’
Salbeath intervened, she pulled Maran closer, but the girl pulled back. He wasn’t as she had expected, so handsome ‒ he didn’t look a monster? Her mother too, none of the portraits did her justice. She wondered if there were any portraits of Halent locked away at Ranal? She wasn’t happy to have his colouring which made it real; she was the daughter of a demon.
‘Your father is changed Maran, The Spirit World finally gave him his freedom to be what he wanted, do you understand Maran?’
‘Yes mother, I read the letters you left for me, over, and over,’ she still didn’t move to touch her father.
‘I explained it wasn’t his fault, once he learned to love me and let go, they let him go too.’
‘But the stories of Ranal are horrible and the histories confirm it.’
‘Yes, it happened. A long time ago, and with a different Halent. When Fiane begged me for a daughter to replace Calupina, your father was overjoyed. He hasn’t seen you from the time I left you here. I’ve watched you from the shadows but he’s suffered our separation as much as I have. I am proud of your accomplishments.
‘Then why not come and tell me before now?’
‘It’s hard accepting what I am, and I had to hide the truth, only those I trusted realised your father was Halent and not Tarn.’
‘Can’t I hold you in my arms Maran, as I’ve longed to?’ Halent’s face showed pain.
Her mother gave her a gentle push, and she moved towards Halent’s open arms, he was as real as her mother. She sobbed again.

Maran’s conflicting feelings emotionally drained her, so Chiara took her back to her rooms to rest, with the promise she’d bring Prairdan to meet her mother.

‘It went well?’ asked Halent.
‘Better than I expected, I don’t think I’d be so forgiving if I’d been deserted as a tiny baby.’
‘The letters explained everything.’
‘You hated being separated from Pen.’
‘I have to upset you, my dear wife; Tarn is hiding in Pen’s rooms.’
Salbeath’s eyes widened, ‘Pen has been keeping this from me, and so have you.’
‘We’ve been hiding him a long time.’
‘I’d have found him if you weren’t.’ Salbeath sensed pain in her heart.
‘Listen Salbeath, Tarn has asked Pen to help him die. Pen can’t because he loves him too much.’
‘You’ve always wanted him to suffer and he does, because I loved him more than you.’
‘He should have overcome his pain and anger, trusted you, and understood what you needed. It hurt you disregarded his feelings as a boy, when at his most vulnerable. Pen said he believes you married him more out of pity than of love.’
‘I suppose that’s partly true, I regretted what I didn’t tell him when we were young, but I love him, not did as you think.’
‘Salbeath, whatever the truth, he’s weary of life, and is here because he expected us to show up for Maran’s wedding. He wants me to help him end his life.’
Pen appeared. ‘Pen, we can’t kill him?’ his mother begged.
‘He asked me mother but I can’t. I understand his pain but I can’t do it.’
She was distraught, ‘Where is he?’
‘At this moment he’s riding towards your favourite spot in the mountains, expecting you to follow.’

She waited for him as he led the horse up the steep path. ‘Why,’ she asked?’ her eyes bright with tears.
‘I have to leave, the pain is too much. Pen, keeps me up to date and I expected you to come to the wedding. Did you expect me to acknowledge Maran as mine, as I did Glyn?’ Salbeath shook her head. ‘You preferred Halent’s caresses to mine, and I pretended the opposite was true.’
‘No.’
‘Long before we married, and were cuckolding Clent, I realised you loved Halent. I kept my fears to myself, thinking if it was just Litzol, I could cope with it. But not Halent and you pretended it was a sacrifice to have Maran, it was no sacrifice.’
‘The sacrifice I made was you. I admit I wanted Halent ‒ I always did, but I didn’t love him, it took years to do that, but I loved you from our childhood. Tarn, you don’t have to die, I still love you, and I can’t let you go.’
‘It’s not enough, Salbeath. I’m tired. I never asked for this long life, it’s a burden. Let me die and be reborn, perhaps next time I’ll get the love I want. If you say no, Halent won’t help me, and I can’t do it alone. Please, Salbeath I’m in terrible pain, let me be reborn and be free of the agony.’
Salbeath fell to her knees in mental anguish, ‘No, you can’t leave, I love you.’
‘If you do, you’ll let me go. I ask once more for your love, and let me take that memory with me as my last. We’ve made love here many times before, it’s a happy place to say goodbye.’
They made love, and for a moment, Salbeath forgot this was the last time she’d touch him.
‘Close your eyes, my dear one,’ Tarn asked, his shining with love, so much that tears started in hers. She did as he asked, and when she opened them, he was dead.

The two adversaries stood in The Spirit World. Tarn disintegrated before Halent’s eyes. The pain in Tarns told Halent he relived those memories he’d feared so much. Halent didn’t say a word, as those agonies, including his love for Salbeath, culminated in one last pain and then he was free. As his soul floated away, his spirit body disappeared.

Pen came to comfort his mother. Tarn’s body wasn’t far from where she sat; he took Tarn’s cloak and placed it over him. ‘It had to be mother, losing someone you love is painful, but this way is worse. One day all I’ll have is you and father.’
‘And I’ll have you two,’ said Halent appearing. ‘My beautiful daughter gone to dust too, and then what of us?’ 
Salbeath understood why she’d agree to a new family, the future loneliness was overwhelming.

Tarn was buried in the adept’s cave. The family who arrived for the wedding were there for sorrow and joy. Salbeath hid her face as she sobbed. Pen stood close to her. Halent hid in the shadows, a ghost in a realm unseen. The future of her human family was here, in a world different from the one she now belonged. Most of them wouldn’t see her again. Halent sensed his wife’s pain but it no longer fed him.

The next day she met Prairdan. Halent hid from view. Salbeath let her shawl fall so her future son-in-law might see her face. Standing in front of her and looking much as his predecessor had, was Clent, his soul returned. Only Halent knew what Salbeath felt.
Pen knew this, Halent said.
Did he tell you?
Yes, and now that circle is complete. You are free of Clent too.
I’m glad he’s marrying our daughter, The Spirits must enjoy circles.

She felt as if a great pain was extinguished, it didn’t matter now what happened in their future. At Maran’s wedding she laid two ghosts to rest, the past was over, and the future one of growth and renewal. 
Soon, in their sense of time, everyone they loved would be in pieces in The Spirit World. They would no longer take part in this one. Their names are forgotten, and they’d watch this world turning around them, a family of faceless creatures moving on the winds.

