DESTINY SCORNS


By


Beryl Oduor



Copyright © 2012 by Beryl Oduor

Digital Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
DESTINY SCORNS	1
CHAPTER ONE	2
CHAPTER TWO	23
CHAPTER THREE	49
CHAPTER FOUR	79
CHAPTER FIVE	111
CHAPTER SIX	153
CHAPTER SEVEN	178
CHAPTER EIGHT	226
CHAPTER NINE	260


CHAPTER ONE
 
The silence in the huge library was eerie. The huge shelves cast shadows within the library and the tables were put a distance apart and were covered with books which the previous readers left there. A young woman was trying to put them back in the shelf but there were many different books from slots that she couldn't see whatever progress she was making. Then a deep voice broke the silence as it reverberated within the walls of the library  
`Wendy!'  
`Yes sir,' the young woman hurried to him. She was startled as she was very new working at the library. She couldn't even remember to address him the right way but then she remembered that she had addressed him the way he wanted to be addressed. She had been slightly briefed on how to address the kings and queen but Gorham, unlike the others, didn't like being called by his title `Your Majesty'. In fact whenever someone addressed him like that in his personal quarters that person would be immediately transferred to the public areas.  
Wendy walked over to the table where the middle-aged king had been seated. `Have you seen the Maverick volume seventeen?' he asked looking up at her curiously.  
`I put it back on the shelf,' she said worriedly then continued, `I'll just get it.' then she was walking away before he said something else.  
There was a young man who had allocated a seat for himself at the end of the room and was watching the exchange. He had been there for almost three hours yet he never opened a single book not even for a glance. He stood up in a split second and was walking toward Gorham. The latter looked up just as he got to his table. 
`I've got to head off to Diane's,' he said as he took a book and looked at it thoughtfully. `Tell me Gorham, if you'd have known that you would be spending a half your life in a library, a quarter ruling and the other quarter your own- um- things...' Wendy came back with the book and handed the tome to Gorham. `Would you have agreed to be king?'  
Gorham didn't look at him as he said, `I knew what I was getting into.' He smiled then put the book down. `I'd rather not spend that half of it in the battle field.'  
The former laughed out loud. Gorham didn't fail to notice that Wendy was staring at the young man standing in front of him. The stare was filled with adoration. Gorham shrugged. That was a normal reaction from women around this man. `Being in the battle field is much more interesting. 
The danger, the thrill, the kills...' he paused dramatically as he placed the book down on the table. 
`Anyway, I have to join Diane,' he started walking backwards towards the door.  
`Go have fun with Diane,' Gorham called out to him forcing his voice to be light.  
`Fun with Diane? No, no, you must have got me wrong. It is not fun when she is around.' He turned and headed to the door.  
`I should hope not.' The young man was almost at the door when Gorham remembered. 
`Victor,' the man stopped. `Tell her that she has to come in sooner or later this month.'  
Victor raised his eyebrow and just to annoy Gorham, he bowed as he said, `As you wish, your 
Majesty.'  
Wendy had noticed Victor's presences long before but she could not approach him to ask who he was or what he wanted because; first, she was too shy to do that and second, she had been told not to ask questions. Given the circumstances, she was now worried. His eyes had been fixed on her all the time and that fact alone was making her clumsier than she normally was. When she heard the name, there was no other reason that she could think of if not that he suspected her of being a danger to the king.  
Victor Raymond was a hero and a legend all rolled into one. He was the youngest member of the royal guard at around twenty eight. He had been recruited by Queen Diane about five years ago. Nobody knew his past or where he was from and he never talked about it. They just accepted that Queen Diane knew and that was enough for them. Unfortunately, Victor was very talented and that caused some people to be curious about him and others worried. He was perfect in swordsmanship, archery, horseback riding and possibly every other thing that he endeavored in. The only person who could still beat him at all in anything was Diane who had personally trained him and therefore knew his weaknesses.  
“Rumor has it that Victor has killed more people in and out of the battlefield than is recorded in the books.”  She had been told by her room-mate Cynthia.  
“He is very dangerous and it is best that you stay out of his way.” Wendy's parents had told her. They knew what she wanted and meeting someone as talented as he would probably make her try to do something stupid like approach him. Of course that was before she realized just how much power he had that he was talking like a friend to the king.  
Wendy had looked him over and couldn't fail to notice his handsomeness. His appeal flowed around him and surrounded him drawing all and sundry towards him. His dark eyes seemed as if they could see right through your soul and there she also sensed the alertness for any kind of danger. It made her shudder but not because of fear rather more of excitement. The rest of his feature, though they were hard set, contradicted the soft way that one part of his body merged with the next. He didn't have scars on his face and she didn't think he had them anywhere else on his body. He didn't look much like a guard but that obvious fact was why the two kings preferred to have Victor assigned to them when they went on their various quests. If it happened that their quests took place at the same time then Diane would be forced to decide who would take him.  
Victor was known to have a sense of humor that left Gorham frowning at him. He also had an easy laugh and that caused Wendy to wonder how an easy going person like that could be so ruthless in the battlefield. He was a young man and a bachelor with a high status but he had neither a girlfriend nor a betrothed. But there were rumors about that as well.  
People around him extruded mixed feelings about him. They liked him one minute and feared or hated him the next. The two kings were not an exception and had their reasons to hate him. Gorham hated him because he thought that Victor was sleeping with Diane. That was the rumor generated as the outcome of Victor remaining a bachelor. It was said that he didn't want the Queen to be jealous and so he remained faithful to her. It didn't help matters that whenever Victor went to see Diane they had to be left alone. Gorham was so jealous of him but he tried his best to hide it.  
Nathan, the other king, was more concerned about his throne. He believed that Victor was getting very popular with everybody else and his position on the royal army gave him a lot of power. He could organize a coup and the likelihood that he would succeed was high. That was why Nathan had his spies on Victor. He was prepared to report Victor to the council the minute he heard even a whisper that the latter was planning a coup.  
  The only other reason that Wendy would have about him looking at her would be that she was attractive but she didn't believe that. She had been raised in a farm and the only thing that people looked at was the field that one had plowed and how the crops were doing. She never had the green thumb and everything that she planted ended up dead, not immediately though. They grew past the seedling stage but died during the transplanting. It was a curious phenomenon which she wasn't prepared to investigate.  
She had therefore moved to the city when she was registered an adult. She had applied to join the army but not being from the right bloodline she was not allowed to join and so she reapplied to work in the castle especially Diane's castle but that was not possible either. She was thereof, admitted in Gorham's castle as a book-keeper in the library.  
She had found a place to stay with two other room-mates but they were working in Diane's castle. They weren't close to each other yet but after the first day of work she was forced to listen as they marveled at how many guards were in the castle and how grand it was. She had nothing interesting to add or say about where she, on the other hand, worked. She had gone to bed wondering why she had to be born in such an ordinary family that had no connections whatsoever that the best she could do was be a book-keeper. She had stared at herself in the mirror and looking at her hair she wondered about the white strips. She then took a pair of scissors and cut the hair short up to her chin. She had ceased trying to cut off the white strips after realizing, long ago, that she was left with ugly hair afterward.  
So on the second day of work she had gone to work with short hair hanging over her eyes since she couldn't hold it back. No one noticed. It hid her face well enough and when Victor was looking at her she could see him without him knowing it, she hoped. At lunch time she met with a few of her workmates but they had nothing to talk about and therefore she was the first one to get back to work in the boring library. 
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Diane's castle was filled with guards. It was the safest of the three castles and by far it was the largest since she normally hosted the guests to the state. Nathan's castle was the closest to hers and he used to go and be the host to the guests. He was the one in charge with foreign affairs and administration. Gorham's castle was the most secluded since it was on the other side of the city. He dealt with justice and internal affairs. He co-related mostly with Diane.  
She had long ago tried to convince the Council of Elders that it was better if the kings and queen occupied different cities to show that they owned them but the council had not approved and neither did the two kings.  
The Council's first excuse was that the funding was not available at the particular moment to built new castles for two of them given that one would have stayed within the city. There second reason was that such a move would have to take time and planning and may even be effective in two decades. Diane understood that. Relocating a king wasn't nearly as simple as planning the security for a week long quest. It meant that there had to be two dozen security plans in case of an ambush. Selecting a trusted team would mean depleting the rest of the kingdom of good guards and thus risking the security of the people. More so, she understood that once the process had begun there was no turning back whether there were problems or not.  
The excuses were reasonable enough to make her stop pursuing it... for the time being. There was no point in them being cooped up in the one city, large as it was. She had worked hard to expand the colony; conquering, maintaining fronts and having to endure a bruised ego when she lost some. The last part wasn't especially easy for her but she had had to learn how to let go and admit defeat, though she never lost sight of the goal even then. 
 Gorham's reason for not backing her up on the proposal was very straightforward and simple. He needed to keep an eye on her. When he'd said this he hadn't even realized how the statement would be received but that tended to happen when he was talking about Diane. Somehow his statements would betray what he felt for her, whether consciously or not. And she had also understood that reason, though at the time a little anger was brewing as memories sipped back into her head.  
Of all the reasons though, Nathan's was the strangest. His being that he would not stand it to have delegates travel back and forth between the two of them and before she could say that they would be the ones traveling, he added that it would be a waste of precious time. When everybody thought that he was done and the meeting was going to continue, he spoke and asked how they would allocate which city to whom and how would that reflect on their shared, equal power to the citizens when one of then got the bigger or the wealthier city. It was a good point, and thus the issue was dropped.  
Diane's main responsibility was security both internally and abroad. The army generals were under her but she did little to go against them. It was only the issue of Victor Raymond that made all hell break loose in her department. The generals needed background information on Victor but she hadn't told them; not even his exact age leaving people to guess. She signed him up to the army under her personal training camp and a few years later she promoted him to be one of the royal guards against the protests of the generals. Victor was eventually doing most things for her like assigning guards to the other two royals and rotating patrols around the city. This worried the generals who were siding with Nathan on this. She was giving Victor too much power. 
 There was not much difference between the royal guard and the Army except that the royal guards were to ensure the security of the people internally and they worked every day of the week while the army protected the citizens from external threats. They were hence called upon once in a while but the job would take weeks, months or even years to complete. Life was hard in both but they served the crowns, especially Diane.  
There were some subtle differences such as lifestyle whence one could afford to have a family when they were in the royal guard but life was too uncertain in the army to have that kind of luxury. Their dressings were a different also given that in the army, they had to avoid getting grabbed or trapped so they wore either very short shorts or skirts, or very tight, long trousers when cold for both male and female. They had amours and helmets not forgetting the other weapons. The royal guard dressed more modestly except of course the men were in trousers throughout except in training where the shorter or tighter attire was required.  
When Victor walked into the castle, the guards saluted him. He walked to the upper rooms to Diane's private quarters. He stopped outside the large doors. `May I see her?' he asked the guard outside the door. She smiled at him; she always smiled at him, then entered and announced his arrival. She came back out and nodded as she stepped aside from the door. `Your Highness?' he said.  
`Victor, I'm glad you came,' she stood up and went to kiss him on the cheeks. `What do you have to tell me?' she asked expectantly. Victor looked around the room. Everybody else in the room left knowingly.  
When they were alone he said, `She looks a lot like you at that age, I suppose, except her hair which is black with streaks of white.' 
`She was born with white hair, it will change back once she has started her training.' she walked away from him and went to sit on a chair. Victor remained standing.  
`Why don't you train her yourself?' Victor asked. He was having doubts that he was adept to train her himself.  
`It will be so obvious that she is my daughter if she is seen standing next to me and besides, that is why you are here, remember?'  
`Yes,' He kept quiet for awhile then said, `Gorham wants to see you.'  
`It's about the time I have to sit by the books.' She sighed deeply. `You will accompany me after you finish going through the reports for today.'  
`As you wish. When am I supposed to start training her?'  
`I'll talk to Gorham about letting her train with you as you ask her if she's interested.'  `What if she's not?' Victor watched Diane's image in the mirror.  
`She will be. She's part of me and part of her father, unlike...'  
`Your sons?'  
`Those are the laziest people on the planet!' she frowned.  
`I have to go ahead then.' he walked to her and held her behind the neck then lowered his head to hers as if going to kiss her but just blew on her face. She took a deep breath and inhaled it. By the time she opened her eyes, Victor was gone and her attendants were walking back in. She sat there feeling a bit dazed but then everybody was used to finding her like that whenever Victor left.  
What they didn't know was that someone was watching from a peephole that he had created. He wasn't able to listen to what was being said but could see everything especially when Diane sat down. He went excitedly out of the castle and headed to report what he had seen to King Nathan. 
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
 Gorham had relocated to his personal study after being informed that Diane was going to go see him that day. He was preparing to receive her for the monthly review of her policies. Nathan would also be coming but that was way after Diane had arrived. He had opened the books to the specific pages that she had to read and they had to discuss. He had planned that today they were going to go over her obligation to step down from the throne.  
The door opened and Diane walked in hanging on to Victor's arm. Gorham frowned but just watched them. They walked until the edge of the table, he let go of her arm and pulled out a chair for her. Then he bowed slightly and started to walk back to the door. By the time he got to the door Diane had already started fidgeting on the chair. She really hated books especially the ones that Gorham made her read and as she watched Wendy bring in an armful of books, she groaned. Diane looked at her as coldly as she could.  
Wendy saw the look and hesitated, `Your Majesty.' she said as she tried to curtsy with the heavy books.  
`Wendy just put down the books and excuse us,' Gorham said in a gentle voice. She did as she was told and headed for the door where Victor was holding it open for her. Before the door closed behind her she heard Gorham say, `There is no need to look at her like that. She's just doing her job.' Then the door closed.  
`I was told she has some potential.'  `Who?' Gorham asked.  `Wendy.'  
`Potential in what?'  
`To be a royal guard.'  
Gorham laughed curtly. `Who told you this?'  
`Victor.' 
`Are you sure it just isn't because of her beauty?'  
`I'm starting to think that,' she said thoughtfully. `Maybe I should forget about accepting her.'  `Are you jealous of her?' Gorham asked studying her keenly.  
`Why would I be jealous?' she was genuinely puzzled.  
`Wendy is young, beautiful and she can marry Victor if they both wish it.'  
She hid the smile that was coming to her face and asked, `You believe the stories that I'm having an affair with Victor?'  
`Are you?'  
`No,' she looked sad. `I keep him close, maybe too close but I do trust him with my life. You trust me with your life, does that mean that you are in love with me?'  
Yes, yes, yes, he wanted to say but only said, `No.'  
`Exactly! I know everyone is worried that he might lead a rebellion but that won't happen. It's not in his character.'  
`You are putting your neck out for him.'  
`Because I know him. He's only here until I die or until I step down. Then he'll go back to where he came from unless...'  
`Unless what?'  
`Unless he finds a reason or purpose to stay.'  
`You think that Wendy may be the reason for him to stay?' he asked narrowing his eyes.  
Diane shrugged. `Maybe.'  
`You know that Alice is interested in him too.' Diane frowned. `Speaking of Alice, you have to take her under your wing. You've postponed it for too long and it will only be a miracle if you'll have a girl child to take over.  
`I hate her name,' Diane said grudgingly. 
 Gorham laughed softly as his eyes stayed on her. She looked as beautiful as always. `That's not a valid reason.'  
`Yes, you are right,' she sighed. `I'll ask her to come over then.'  
`You have to teach her what you know.'  
`I'll do that.'  
`And you won't stand in her way if she's interested in Victor. He'd make her a terrific husband.'  
`He's not interested in her.'  
`How would you know?'  
`She's too easy to read. You look at her face and immediately know what she's thinking.'  
`Then you have to teach her to hide her emotions.'  
`It will be hard but okay.' She suddenly stood up. `Victor will be training Wendy.'  
`I didn't agree to that. Anyway why won't you train her yourself?'  
`Because I will be busy with Alice and I want to show you that I'm not jealous. Whatever will happen between the two of them is none of my concern.'  
`But you know that for her to be a royal guard you have to approve. There is no point in training her when you aren't going to allow her in.'  `I know.' She smiled at him.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
`Mind if I help?' Victor asked after watching her for some time. She shrugged then started piling books on his hands. She carried some in her hands then started walking to the shelf. An older book-keeper was looking at her shaking her head. Wendy didn't know what to do after all Victor had offered himself. `Do you enjoy what you are doing?' he asked breaking the silence. 
 `Excuse me?' she hadn't heard him with all the thoughts that were in her mind. She arranged the books back on the shelf and started taking the ones that were in his arms.  `Do you enjoy your work?' he asked again.  
`It's okay.'  
`The truth, Wendy.'  
She was startled. Did everyone know her name in this place? She answered him, `No.' they walked back to the table.  
`Have you thought of doing something different?'  
`Yes, but I can't even if I wanted to.'  
`Why not?'  
Wendy thought for a moment. `I'm not... I don't have the right bloodline therefore I was not accepted when I applied. '  
`You knew that and you applied anyway?'  
`Yes.'  
`What makes you think that you can do it?' Victor asked sitting down. His eyes were still on her but she was now used to them.  
`It's in my blood!' she said simply as she continued stacking the books.  
`Really?' he asked slowly reaching for the dagger that hang on a sheath on his right side. `But I thought you said you didn't...' barely pausing he threw the dagger at her aiming it to just miss her head. He got the reaction he wanted. She ducked but he slid his leg to hers and knocked her off balance. She let go of the books in her hand and caught the table to stabilize herself but instinct took over as she pushed the table and moved backwards.  
She saw Victor stab the table where she had been but she was going to fall. He whirled around catching her arm but pulled and threw her on the table and the books cascaded down to the floor. She heard a sword being drawn and closed her eyes as she felt the cold sharp edge of metal on her neck. 
Well, she had been warned. Immediately she heard a voice demand, `Victor, what are you doing?'  
She opened her eyes and saw Victor standing over her. He withdrew the sword. Wendy sat up and saw King Nathan walk towards them. She stepped back on the floor. `Nathan, meet my student Wendy,' he said introducing her to the second king.  
`Your student? She's a book-keeper!' Nathan objected looking at the uniformed wear of bookkeepers. `Does Diane know about this? Does she,' he pointed to Wendy, `even want to be your student?'  
`Do you want to be my student?' Victor asked turning to Wendy.  
She'd gotten over the shock and her eyes went wide and she smiled, `Yes I'd love to be your student.'  
`Then it is done. Diane knows that I have decided to be her mentor and should Wendy choose, as she has done, then she becomes my student.'  
`I'm going to talk to her and tell her what I think.' He was walking towards the study.  
Victor turned to Wendy who was smiling though her eyes were on the ground. She looked up just as he started saying, `Lesson number one, move fast. Any delay and you are dead. Lesson number two, always keep your eyes on your enemy. Any distraction may be fatal on your part. Another thing, don't close your eyes even when you face death.' He paused, `That is it for today. Any questions?'  `Yes, where will I be training?'  `Anywhere, everywhere.  
`Shouldn't I go to Queen Diane's castle?'  
`No, you will continue working here.' He saw her face fall. `You will need unlimited access to these books if you are to be better than me and besides you need pay to sustain your life in the city.' `Oh! One more thing, did Queen Diane agree to this?' she didn't want to be let down.  
`Yes but my advice to you is, stay out of her way. Now that you are learning to fight you are a likely enemy to her. Any other questions?'  
`No.'  
`No what?'  
`No sir.'  
Victor walked to the huge doors but before it closed behind him he caught sight of Wendy jumping up and down excitedly. She certainly was like her mother, he thought but younger... He shook his head to get rid of the thoughts.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
`You won't believe what Victor was just doing! I swear Diane; you are losing control of your pet.' Nathan stormed into the study taking Gorham by surprise.  
Gorham looked at him worriedly while Diane asked calmly, `What did he do?'  
`He was holding his sword against a book-keeper's throat.'  
Gorham turned accusingly at Diane. `You planed it to come out this way?'  `I had already decided.'  
`I don't get it,' Nathan put in.  
`She came here and manipulated me into siding with her when she had already made a decision.'  
`Was it her decision or Victor's?' Nathan asked sarcastically. Gorham stared at Diane but she didn't answer. `He's controlling her somehow.'  
`What do you mean controlling her?' Gorham asked but they both looked at him. 
 Nathan realized that he had put himself in a position that he had managed to avoid for a long time. `I was worried and so I put a spy on her who noticed that Victor did something to her that always left her dazed every time he went to see her.'  
`Is this true Diane?'  
`Yes but he doesn't do anything to control me.'  
`How would you know?' Nathan asked at the same time Gorham asked, `What exactly was he doing?'  
`It's none of your business,' she retorted standing up abruptly again. The chairs were certainly not made for comfort here, she thought.  
Gorham was the one who spoke next since he was more used to Diane's temper. `If you don't tell us what is going on, we will be forced to go to the council...' he let his words hang. The silence was weighing heavily on them but it was whether Diane would take the threat that made it unbearable. The threat was a real one given Gorham's tone.  She went back to sit down, `He satisfies my cravings.'  `What do you crave for?' Gorham asked.  
`Power.'  
`How exactly can Victor help you except...' his voice trailed then his mouth dropped open.  
`Except what?' Nathan asked impatiently. `Is he planning a coup?'  
Gorham turned to Nathan, `Do you remember your history?'  
`History about what? Victor?'  
`Am I the only one here who actually reads?' he asked rhetorically, `I'm talking about the history of the wizards.'  
`All I remember is what I was told as bed time stories. I thought they were legends anyway.' 
`They are not.' Gorham leaned back on his chair preparing to lecture. Diane was trying not to listen but the former's voice always drew her in. `Do you remember the great war?'  
`The infamous one where so many were slaughtered?'  
`Yes. The Great War came in two parts. The first part was where colonies were at war. You see everyone wanted to win the war therefore they decided to get help. In those days wizards lived freely among them. So the most powerful people were approached. Initially they said no but after being told of the benefits to themselves, they agreed to help. You see, they are naturally selfish and can't help it. It was that weakness that was exploited and thus many died.'  `Did they join the war?' Nathan asked.  
`No, they did better or worse according to your perspective. They trained the soldiers in the art of war and imparted everything they knew to them. He paused then turned to Diane, `Victor always lets you win, doesn't he?’ Diane shrugged. `Anyway, after training them, on the last day they breathed to every one of them the rejuvenating breathe. This gave them power, unimaginable power. 
The powers they had were magnified and the hidden ones brought out.'  
He looked coldly at Diane as he said, `Every power has its weaknesses and strengths and as the powers were magnified so were the unforeseen consequences. Violence, lack of self-control, uncontrolled tempers, tendencies for self-destruction, only to mention a few. In short, many people died until the spell wore off. Then they saw the destruction they had caused. When the councils met they decided on one thing. It always puzzles me how they came to that consensus all of them,' he said thoughtfully. `Anyway, they decided to do away with that which had caused so much destruction. Not the soldiers who did the deeds, not the councils who decided to have the help but the wizards who gave them the uncontrollable power. They were hunted down and killed one by one...'  `I thought they were the most powerful group of the people?' Nathan interrupted.  
`They were but they had been weakened when they breathed out the rejuvenating breathe, so now they had only the skills required in combat but unfortunately they had taught their `enemies' all of them too.'  
`What does this have to do with what we were talking about?' Nathan asked.  
`Victor Raymond is a wizard!'  
Nathan went and slumped down a bit exaggerated and there seemed to be real fear in his eyes. Gorham just assumed that the former knew the magnitude that the statement held but Nathan asked instead, `Is he here to kills us in revenge?'  
`He isn't here to kill anyone,' Diane objected.  
`How would you know? Maybe he is here plotting just that.'  `It isn't in his character...' Diane started to say.  
`What she's trying to say is that,' Gorham interrupted. `It is not in Victor's character as a wizard to want to dominate, they prefer very private lives. They normally have so much power that they don't use.'  
`If they don't use their powers shouldn't they be dormant?'  `How old is Victor?' Gorham asked Diane.  
`Two hundred and fifty this year.' Nathan's jaw dropped.  
Gorham turned to Nathan, `He was born way after the great war meaning his parents probably taught him.'  
`Didn't he teach his own kids?'  
Diane smiled, `He doesn't have kids. He's too young.' 
Nathan was confused. Gorham decided to explain, `Wizards have a different time line to ours. 
He may be two hundred and fifty but in actual sense he may be just hitting twenty.''  
`So he's just becoming an adult!'  
`A very wise adult. Another thing about having kids is that it is very complicated. They can only mate with a fellow female wizard to reproduce. After the Great War many of them died and finding a mate became a problem,' he paused. `Do you know why we have her?' he pointed to Diane. 
`We can rule this colony on our own and the generals can take care of the army.'  `Why is she here then?' Nathan asked curiously.  
`Because for some unknown reason her, bloodline has had an incomprehensible connection to wizards. They feel them when they are around. Do you know when the worst part comes? When a wizard gives birth, the females in her line know it,' he paused again. `I'm sure if we go to the royal diaries we'll find the exact date that Victor was born.'  
`You are not allowed to go through the diaries,' Diane objected.  
Nathan instead asked, `What happens then? When they give birth I mean.'  
Diane answered, `We go through their pain. Every single second of it. It was a curse put on my ancestors in order to stop us from hunting them down. We are supposed to experience it the way they do. I've always thought it was a bit empathic'  
`What's different from the way they experience it?'  
Diane took her time before she answered, `It's bad. In the accounts that I've read, very few us survived. What they didn't count on was that we the descendants would be more driven to stop the same thing from happening to us. I have read the previous queens' diaries and I've felt their pain. They go through all that pain and at the end of it they realize that there is no child they can call their own. If they had the courage to continue hunting the wizards, they had to do that knowing that one of them could be the mother or father of the child. And even though they went on with their lives, they never got over that particular experience.'  
`The day the wizard said the curse her counterpart uttered a different one. Some say it was a prophesy of some sort. His exact words...'  
Diane took over. `A day will come when the flow of the cursed river will be cut short and that is the day two great lines will meet. From then one line will die as another far more powerful than the last will begin!'  
`What does that mean?'  
`No one knows!' Gorham said and then saw Diane's eyes shift. `Or at least I thought that no one did. What is it Diane?'  
She was quiet for a long time, `My line will end with me...'  
`And Alice will take over!' Gorham paused as he realized the implication. `Diane, it's not your fault that your line will die with you...' but Diane was already at the door and then out. They didn't see the smile on her face.  
`She blames herself,' Gorham said simply.  
`Do you think that that is the reason why Victor is here? She's still trying.'  
Gorham shook his head in sorrow, `She has to understand that it is too late to do anything.'  
`But can he? If he is that powerful can he do anything like that?'  
`I don't know much about them except for what is in the history books but if he could she couldn't bear that child. There is a reason why they can only mate with their fellows, the children bore are normally so powerful that they kill the mothers before they are born and if they'd survive... 
No one knows.' 
`What if he's not sleeping with her?'  
`Diane hasn't been with her husband for a long time,' Gorham said very sure of what had come out of his mouth.  
`But for what other reason would Victor be here? You said yourself that they are very selfish, something in his own interest would have been able to bring him here and keep him here for these five years.'  
`Yes.'  
`Should we report this to the council?'  
`No, whatever the reason that he is here I'm sure it has nothing to do with the administration.'  
`You should be careful about him.'  
`I am.'  
`No you are only worried that he might be sleeping with your precious Diane.'  
Gorham narrowed his eyes at him. `You should watch what you say to me? I can ruin you,' his voice was very low yet intense. Nathan looked down apologetically. The unfortunate thing about Nathan's throne is that it was not his right. The council voted between the candidates submitted by Gorham. All in all, Gorham had the power remove Nathan from his seat.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Wendy went home excited. She found her roommates sitting in the living room. They were going through some manuals that they had been given. Olivia was going through the etiquette of good servitude and Cynthia reading something to do with the dos and don'ts before guests. They looked up as Wendy entered the house.  
`You look happy today,' Cynthia commented. 
 `Well, you'll never guess what happened to me today,' Wendy said.  
`What?' Olivia asked but before Wendy answered there were horse hooves sounding right outside the house. They were quiet waiting to hear if it was theirs or a neighbor’s. A knock sounded at their door. Wendy being the closest to the door went to open but the others had also come to see who it was. There was a royal guard standing outside.  
`Is this Wendy Summer's home?' he asked.  
`Yes,' Cynthia answered from behind her.  
`Wendy Summer?' he asked looking directly at Wendy.  
`Yes.'  
There was relief from the guard's eyes, `Sign here, please,' he said handing her a board with a piece of paper. Paper was limited and was only used for important things or some very rich people. She signed her name. The guard handed her an envelope and she was about to close the door, `Wait.' he went back to the horse and brought a sword in a sheath, a bow and several arrows. He handed them to her. `That all. A pleasure to meet you,' he said then left them.  
Wendy carried them into the house and put them on the table as Cynthia asked curiously, 
`What's going on? Why did he bring you all these things?'  
Wendy did not answer. Instead she pulled apart the seal on the envelope and read through it with both Olivia and Cynthia on her shoulders.  
 
Miss Summer,  
You are now the owner of a sword, bow and arrows. They are solely your responsibility now and should you wield them against another person when not in training then you will be judged unable to continue in your path. That is to say that you will never be able to become a royal guard anymore.  
About your lesson, tomorrow, two hours in the morning at six, don't carry any of the weapons. It will be a hand to hand combat. I hope you have the appropriate attire.  
Victor.  
 
`Victor?' Olivia asked.  
`Don't tell me that Victor Raymond wrote this?' Cynthia asked excitedly. She saw the answer on Wendy's face. `That is just not fair. We should have seen him first given that we work at Diane's castle.'  
`The one who they say could smile and you swoon?' Olivia asked finally catching up with them. Wendy nodded.  
`Wow! He's training you himself?'  `Yes,' Wendy was now smiling.  
`What did you do to him to have him happen to notice you, a needle in a haystack?' Cynthia asked.  
`I did nothing. He just approached me and asked if I liked what I was doing? He must have read my file.'  
`Yes he must have, I don't see how you get to be so lucky.'  
Wendy carried the weapons to her room. She had Olivia telling Cynthia to stop being so jealous. She locked herself in her room and looked at the weapons one by one. She started with the sword and the sheath. She put it around her waist. It was a perfect fit. Then she took the sword out of the sheath. It looked like new but she knew it wasn't. Trainees never had new weapons unless they bought them themselves. She looked at the sword blade it was so smooth she could see her reflection. She examined the handle carefully but did not fail to notice a precious jewel that had been inserted in it. It must have belonged to someone important or who just had a lot of money that they didn't mind having a nice jewel on the sword.  
She swung it several times and liked the way it felt. She put it back then removed the sheath from around her. She then took the bow and arrows she felt the strength of the string of the bow. She liked it. She must have good weapons at least even if they are borrowed. She looked at the letter again. She examined the seal. It was the queen's stamp. She thought, “He must be very close to the queen to be using her stamp at his pleasure. No wonder the guard looked worried.” She pushed the thought aside and reread the letter. He had beautiful hand writing as if he had practiced it for years and perfected it. It was well spaced and smooth throughout the letter as if the thoughts were flowing easily to him.  
She decided to write her parents a letter telling them of the fortunate thing that has happened to her. She also needed more money if it was possible. Having finished she wondered what she would wear for a hand to hand combat. She had her riding trousers but she couldn't walk through town wearing them. She decided to wear them underneath the brown book-keeper's uniform. And where was she supposed to meet him at six in the morning? She went to sleep still puzzling about that.  
Very early in the morning she was dressed and had made breakfast for her roommates having woken up first. She would have cleaned up but she heard horse hooves again outside approaching. She went out and looked only to see a rider approaching pulling another horse along. The rider came and stopped right in front of her. There was a half-moon but it was bright enough for her to see his general features and finally the voice confirmed it.  
`You know how to ride a horse, don't you?' Victor asked.  
`Yes, a little bit.'  
`Then what are you waiting for?' he asked and seemed to be irritated. She debated whether she should just mount the horse or... she turned and went back into the house. `I don't have all day Miss Summer,' he called out after her loudly.  
Inside the house Olivia had woken up. She walked into the living room and found Wendy pulling off her book-keeper's uniform. `Who's out there?'  
`I don't have time to explain,' she said as she threw the dress onto a chair. `Got to go, bye.' And she was back out. She went round the horse and mounted without much difficulty. Then Victor handed her the reins. They started to gallop away. Then slowly it became a trot then she was racing after him. She almost fell at some point but managed to hold on. After sometime she realized that they were heading to Diane's castle. The gates opened when they were some distance away and it was only slightly opened so she had to watch closely. Throughout the ride Victor never said a word. He slowed down and suddenly stopped but didn't dismount. The lantern lights outside were lighting their way. He watched as Wendy struggled to bring the horse to a halt. Finally she was successful.  
They put the horses in a stable and were walking into the castle but they didn't go up. The guards were saluting Victor at every turn they made and looked curiously at her. Finally they entered a large room which was brightly lit. It seemed that it was a ballroom for holding the formal parties but the floor was covered with a soft material that she could feel under her feet. Suddenly they stopped 
Victor turned to her, `This is how I am going to teach you. I will teach you the basics, stance, blocking, kicking, hitting and so forth. It will be up to you to harness the other skills. I will not teach you tactics...'  
`Why not?' she interrupted.  
There was a flash of irritation in Victor's eyes. `Because if I teach you tactics you will end up fighting the same way every time. Don't interrupt. You will dig through the books in the library and read all about them. I will also get you some books from the queen's library. You will go to the fields and see them if you are able to notice them and I will want to see three styles executed every day flawlessly.'  
`Three styles?' she asked unbelievably.  
`You want me to add more?' he asked sounding very irritated.  
`No, three is fine,' she said in a low voice. He started teaching her how to stand, block, how to hold a blow and some other small things.  Then finally he said, `Rule number one?'  `Move fast?' she said not sure of herself.  
`Be confident in what you say.' he scolded. `Rule number two?' he asked.  
`No distractions,' she said this time confidently.  
`Rule number three?' he asked.  
`You didn't tell me rule number three.' Then victor slapped her slightly on the cheek but it was fast.  
`Be prepared,' he said then another quick slap on the other cheek. One of the bored guards had come to watch. Another slap but Wendy was too slow trying to block it. Then another and another and it was starting to sting due to the repetition of the slaps and eventually she managed to block one and then after a short time later another and her confidence started building in her. Victor did the unthinkable and tried to kick her but she managed to block it. She had seen the feet rise from the ground.  
The rotation when on until he was now throwing her hard blows and kicks a sure thing that if she didn't block them then she was going to hurt. She tried to keep up but she found herself being knocked to the ground several times. Finally half way through the lesson Victor said, `Rule number four, attack first.'  
`Why?' she asked. She was on the ground debating on whether to get up and receive another throw on the ground. He moved right next to her legs.  
`To gain the advantage. To put your opponent on the defensive. They will be busy trying to keep from being hit that you will be the one making the rules.'  
Wendy sighed exhausted. She put her hand to him so that he may help her up. He took her hand and was about to pull her up when she kicked his leg backwards and pull him down instead. He was going to fall right on her but he caught himself. They looked at each other’s eyes for a moment. Wendy's heart beat faster. This was not exactly what she had in mind. `How was that?' Wendy asked looking at him. Her voice had come out barely a whisper. She could help but think about how good he looked up close not to mention the smell of his skin.  
`Good but I was falling on you. How would that have helped?'  
She thought for a few seconds then said, `If I would've moved I'm sure I would've got up before you.'  
`But you didn't move, did you?' he asked as he stood up. She got up herself knowing that he wouldn't make the same mistake twice. The guard who was watching knew that he had been allowed to see enough already and so he went out of the room. 
 Wendy was so grateful that the lesson ended exactly after two hours. She was sure she would get bruises the following day but for now she had to get to work in an hour. `Can I borrow the horse?' she asked as she started to head out.  
`Sure but you will have to leave him at Gorham's castle for your horseback riding practice.' and he left her alone. She thought that he had probably gone back to bed as she was going to be slaving away in the library. She went to the stables and saddled the horse as she talked to it.  
`Oh Horsy,' she smiled as she approached. `You are a very special horse and I'm glad I have the privilege of riding with you.' she mounted. `I want to go home now and very fast but if it is by your grace please don't let me fall.' Then she kicked it and was riding away. She passed people who were walking to work. They watched her as she passed them in the speed. She got to the house and tied the horse at the window then took a quick bath. She put on the uniform and was out again.  
She didn't have time for the normal ladylike thing of riding one sided. Instead she put her legs a stride and was riding as the wind dried her hair. She didn't even know how fast she was going since her thoughts were on three tactics every day. Where was I supposed to find a book that would give her all that? She asked herself. Of course he had said that he would give her some books from the queen's library but she wasn't going to wait around for that. And as she whizzed past the guards at the gate they noticed the uniform and looked at each other questioningly.  
She made it on time and of course Gorham was at the library. He asked to see her. `Yes sir,' she said in his office.  
`Wendy, I am a bit worried about you?'  
`Why?' she asked. She didn't know why she was there. 
 `Have you looked at yourself lately? It is the first day of training and you look like you were about to have a black eye.'  
`Oh!' she said. The bruises must be showing already. `He has a strange way of teaching.'  
`If he's being too hard on you I could always tell the queen...'  
`No, no, no,' she said suddenly and almost slapped herself. `It won't look good if I am complaining.'  
Gorham studied her then said, `When it will become unbearable you could just come to me and I will make sure that he eases up. By the way why did he choose you?'  
`I really don't know,' she answered genuinely. Gorham nodded then waved her away. On his desk was Wendy's file. He was trying to see why Victor might be interested in her but he couldn't find anything unusual about her. Maybe he had to do what Nathan did and put a spy on them who will monitor their training. He was not going to be on the dark anymore.  
   
 
 
 

CHAPTER TWO
   
For the next two months Diane managed to avoid Victor. She sent him on missions, kept him busy with all sorts of assignments but Victor was not dumb he knew what she was doing and eventually he made his way to her private chambers. Though the guard had been told no visitors she went in anyway and announced him. He was let in.  
`What do you think you are doing?' he asked as he was walking in. He didn't care about the others in the room and they didn't know if they were supposed to leave or not.  
`Victor,' she called but didn't go to him this time. She just stared at him through the mirror. `I had a feeling you would know but I guess I was wrong.' Victor didn't answer. He just stared hard at her. She decided to change the subject, `I want a competition to be arranged.'  
`What kind of competition?'  
`Fighting of course!'  
`For what?'  
`For everyone who wishes to compete in.'  
`What's the grand prize?'  
`I don't know,' she paused as she looked down on the desk she was sitting on. `The winner will get to face Alice in a fight!'  
`You are losing your mind you know that,' he said softly.  
`I think my mind is clearer today than any other day,' she said not looking at him though there were tears in her eyes. He moved towards her but she raised her hand to him. `Not yet.' she was quiet for a long time then she said, `You have confidence in your student?'  
`It is too soon for her to face anyone in a competition.'  
`But this thing is happening, as soon as a week from now and if she wants to have me acknowledge her then she has to try. It will be some time before Alice is allowed to make appointments on her own; as long as five years at times.'  
`Okay, I will make the announcement and any person who is willing and capable will be required to sign up within three days. The competition will commence in a week.'  
`No cheating. I want a clean competition. Everyone who wins at the various stages of the competitions will be assigned to be the personal guards to any of the royals or if there is no other place then they will be given official duties and a medal of honor. You have all that?'  
`Yes, your majesty.' 
`Then start making the preparations.' Victor started walking to the door when Diane called him back. `I forgot. One more thing, no killing.' And Victor walked out without any other word.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
The news traveled fast before Victor got organized to make the official announcement and within two hours the news had come to Gorham's castle where it got to Wendy. `You are Victor's student aren't you?' someone asked her.  
`Yes,' she answered.  
`I hear that you are certainly going to be in the competition.'  `Where did you hear that?' she asked curiously.  
`Word travels around. Are you prepared?' she was asked.  
`Prepared for what?'  
`You are going to face some people who have been training all their lives. You have to be prepared. They will slaughter you.'  
And Wendy was left wondering if it was true. She waited and every single minute that passed made her more worried. Victor didn't show up for the lesson. She figured he must be busy with the competition plans. She became so nervous that every time someone called her name she found herself startled.  
Gorham noticed and called her back after she had dropped some books that he wanted. She was again startled, `Yes sir,' she went to him.  
`What's going on?' he asked. He knew that Wendy probably found it strange that he was always concerned but she never commented on it.  
`I heard that there is a competition in the Queen's arena and I am going to be in it.'  `What competition?' 
`The announcement hasn't been made officially but what everyone is telling me is that I am definitely going to perform.'  
`I haven't heard anything like that. Jared?' he called. His personal guard came into the study, `You've heard something about this competition?' he asked.  
`Yes sir,' he answered.  
`What did you hear?' Gorham asked impatiently.  
`Anyone can register to compete. It is going to start within a week and the winner gets to fight Alice but there are other prizes before that.'  
`What did you hear about Wendy here?'  
Jared looked worriedly at Wendy and finally said, `It is said that the Queen requested that she be entered in the competition.' Wendy collapsed on the chair nearest to her and took a few deep breathes.  
`Who's organizing this competition?'  
`Victor Raymond, sir. He's expected to make the announcement today evening.'  `Thank you Jared.' the guard left.  
`Can I be relieved from my duties in the library until after the competition, sir?'  `You are going to compete?' Gorham asked incredulously.  
`Yes, if they both think that I am ready, then I must be ready.'  
`She's probably organizing this competition as a ruse to get you killed.'  
`Then I'd better not get killed. Can I take like two weeks, please sir?'  
`Of course.' He watched as Wendy went away. He wondered where she may be going but he would get a report of that later. He was being updated that the training with Victor. So far he was just driving her hard but she seemed to be keeping up with him. She was running every day in the morning then she would come to work and whichever time Victor saw fit he would come to get her from the library. She seemed to be getting better in her fighting every time according to the spy and now she was going to be in a competition that he knew she was in no way ready for. To Gorham he thought that Diane's obsession with Victor was probably the cause of this strange competition.  
Wendy went home directly after coming from Gorham's study. She took the horse and rode home then took the weapons she had been given and mounted and headed to the general direction that Victor normally went to. She didn't know what she was doing but she found herself in Victor's compound. She just knew that that was his house. She didn't see anything special about the outside but she could bet anything that that was it. She dismounted and walked around the house.  
She found a stable behind the house and put the horse in it. Now behind the house was different than the other houses. He had poles which seemed to be used for target practice. There was a clear round patch on the grass but she didn't know what it was used for. She took the bow and arrows and tried to hit the pole nearest the house. She was good with the arrows and always seemed to hit the targets. Eventually she got tired of that and went to see to it that the horse had enough to eat then she went and sat in front of the house. Darkness fell and she found herself woken up by the sound of hooves. She sat up and watched Victor approach then dismounted the horse.  
`I should have guessed you were here,' he said as he led the horse to the stable. Wendy stayed where she was until the door opened behind her. `Come in,' he said as he left the door open for her. She went into the house wondering how he had put on the lanterns so fast. She closed the door behind her and watched as he lit the wood in the fireplace. `Sit down,' he said then disappeared again.  
She sat down and watched the fire for a while. She failed to notice Victor coming back. He put a plate in front of her with a spoon. `You haven't eaten, have you?'  
`No,' she said as she looked at the plate. `What is this?' she asked as she looked at it. She had never seen anything like it before.  
`It's a simple dish from where I am from,' he took a spoonful of the noodles and watched her. She took a half a spoonful as she tasted it and seemed to like it.  
Finally after eating half the plate she turned to him, `Why is it a must for me to participate in this competition.'  
`She thinks you are ready,' he said simply. He was standing by the fireplace with his plate almost cleared.  
`Why would she think that?' she asked as she looked at her plate.  
`Because you haven't quit yet.'  
`So it's a way to get rid of me.'  
Victor laughed for the first time with her around, `She doesn't want to get rid of you. She just thinks that you are ready and you will survive through most of it,' he paused but Wendy didn't say anything else, `She doesn't expect you to win.'  
`Well, everybody else seems to think that she wants me dead and I am inclined to agree with them.' She looked at him. `Are you having an affair with her?'  
`What answer do you expect?'  
`Yes. Nothing else can explain her fascination with you.'  
`No, I'm not having an affair with her.'  
`Have you ever kissed her?' 
`No.' he saw the relief on Wendy's face before he said, `However she has kissed me.' he went to put his plate down ignoring the questioning look on Wendy's face but he had her wait before he explained, `She thought I was someone else. It was a misunderstanding.'  `She has never kissed you again?' Wendy asked.  
`No.' he looked at her, `You want something to drink?'  
`Yes, water please.' He took the plates to the kitchen and came back with two cups handed one to Wendy. She took it as she looked at him. `Why are you being so nice to me?'  
He was thoughtful for a minute as if wondering what the appropriate answer to that question was. `You are in my house. So what brought you here?'  
`Yes, I asked for permission so that I can train this week and be ready for the competition next week. Do you have anything I could use in the competition?'  
`Do you even know the rules?'  
`No, I was here during the announcement.'  
`First rule, no cheating.' Wendy frowned. `I cannot tell you anything that will make you be at an advantage against the others.'  
`But these are your rules. Can't you bend them?' Wendy asked. Victor shook his head. She started tapping her feet to the ground.  
`You don't know how to relax, do you?'  
`Not when I'm nervous, no.'  
`Okay sit down on the floor and fold your legs.' He sat opposite her. `You have to relax. You know all that you need to know and if you start worrying then you will forget them all. All that you are required to do is keep from being seriously hurt and try your best to proceed in the competition. 
Close your eyes now.' She did that. `Stop thinking. You can listen to my voice but don't think anything about it. Don't answer any questions in your mind; don't think of putting what you feel in words. All I want you to do is follow my words. If they go down you go down. If they go up you rise up with them. Leave your mind blank.' Then he was quiet for a long time. Wendy started to worry 
that he was not going to say anything. `Stop thinking Wendy, you are interrupting me.'  She started to think. Well, say something...  
`Stop,' he said a bit harshly.  
Wendy let herself go. It took sometime but she managed to put everything else aside. Finally Victor started saying, `It is in your blood to be a warrior and not just a royal guard. You know everything that you need to know. Your weapons are your trusted allies and your horse your best friend. The environment is your protector.' He repeated the same thing over and over again as his voice faded. Then almost as if a slight breeze passed her she barely heard it. `You know where to go.'  
She felt as if she were floating in the night she was covered with darkness all around her but she was calm. Then everything was changing all as slowly as the darkness transformed to light and everything around her was being molded into something. It settled into a field with long grass but the grass was drying up. There was a slight breeze and the sun was gentle on her skin then Victor showed up from nowhere.  
`Where are we?' she asked starting to be worried.  
`Relax,' he said in a soft voice as he looked at the horizon. It was like a storm brewing. She took deep breaths and saw that the storm was dissipating. `Very good,' he said smiling. `Come on, we will walk.'  
He took her arm into his and started to walk. `Where are we going?' she asked. 
 `Really Wendy, you can't go five minutes before saying something, can you?' he asked but 
Wendy knowing that he didn't need an answer just kept quiet. `We are going to see your friends.'  
She wanted to say something but she opted to keep quiet. They walked for almost an hour or maybe more but she couldn't tell because the sun wasn't moving. Victor seemed to be at ease and she envied him. Then he suddenly stopped. `You have to go on your own,' he said as he removed her arm from around his, `They have been waiting for you.'  
`Where will you be?' she asked as calmly as she could.  
`I'll be on this side. You can see me from there,' he said as he pointed and when she looked to that direction she saw a group of girls. She looked back at Victor and saw the reassuring look in his eyes. She started to walk toward the group without another word to him. As she approached the group one of them looked up first then the others looked up at her.  
She continued to walk towards them and could finally see their faces. She was looking at five replicas of herself except their hairs were pure white. One of them came and met her. They examined each other. Wendy stood still as the other one walked around her and then she touched her hair and came and stood in front of her. `How come your hair has white strips?' Wendy heard her voice ask.  
`It's been like that ever since I could remember.' Wendy answered. She saw a smile slowly develop from the one standing in front of her.  
She turned to the others and called out, `She's back girls, come say hallo.' she turned to her and said, `I'm Esther of earth.'  
The others came around her and started introducing themselves one by one. `I'm Felicity of 
fire.'  
`I'm Winfred of water.' 
`I'm Lucy of light.'  
`And I'm Daisy of darkness.'  
Then Esther asked, `You are?'  
`Wendy,' she answered surprised at the similar voices and faces.  
`Just Wendy?' one of them asked unbelievably.  
`No, Wendy Summer.'  
`Of what?'  
`Girls,' Esther interrupted, `She just got here. Can we at least welcome her first before heaping the questions at her?' They started to walk back to where they had been standing. `The rest have a strange thing about accepting someone new. They want to know everything on the first meeting.'  
`Who are you?' Wendy asked.  
`I thought I had answered you. I'm Esther,' she said then turned to the others, `Clear the path,' she ordered and the others stepped out of the way. Wendy watched curiously. Esther moved close to the others and seemed to be concentrating then she felt a tremor on the ground and watched as the ground slowly rose up and the soil on it cleared away. A smooth stone emerged and then it stopped when it was table height. Then smaller ones emerged. When it was done the others sat down. 
Esther pulled her to one of the seats.  
`How did you do that?' Wendy asked.  
`How did I?' she asked humorously. The others round the table laughed. `We can all control an element.' she saw the confused look on her face. `The hair,' she pointed at the other. `Shows that we are in complete control of our powers.'  `Powers?' Wendy asked shocked.  
`Yes powers,' Esther narrowed her eyes. `You must have powers. You are one of us.' 
`No I'm not. I just got here. I don't even know where here is?' she was panicking now. The storm cloud showed up at the horizon again and was making its way to them. Esther took Wendy's hand and a strange calmness took over her but she felt the light tremor on the ground.  `Wendy, there is no need to be scared.' She looked into her eyes. `We are friends.'  `Where am I?' she asked.  
`We are in our mind.'  
`Our mind?'  
`Yes, our mind. We are you and you are every single one of us.'  
`No,' she said standing up and taking her hand away from the formers. `I am Wendy.'  
`And I'm Esther, she's Felicity, Lucy, Winfred and Daisy.' The storm got to them. There was thunder and the wind was blowing all around them. Esther was trying to say something to her. They started holding hands but Wendy was afraid. The wind came and took her and she felt she was rising up higher and higher much faster and so much violently. She screamed.  
She suddenly sat up and found herself on a strange bed. She looked around the room and noticed the clothes that were hanging in a closet. Victor's clothes. She jumped out of the bed and ran outside. The sun was shining it was morning. She went to the stable and took her horse. She saddled it and mounted then she rode to her house. She found the house empty. In her room she examined herself and couldn't see any difference. It took her another hour to decide to go and ask Victor what happened.  
When she got the castle she was informed that Victor was out at the arena where people were registering. She found a long line but didn't join it. Instead she walked right through and went to the desk where Victor was seated. He looked up and saw her but didn't say anything. The others in the line were starting to complain but she ignored them.  
`I need to talk to you.'  `Then talk.'  
`In private.' She commanded. Victor stood up and signaled to someone to take his place. She followed him aside and for some unknown reason to her, she was handed a bow and arrow. She thought that it was just for appearance.  
`Hit the target.' She did so then turned to him. `What did you want to speak to me about?' he asked as he handed her another arrow.  
`How did I end up in your bed?' she aimed the arrow and shot then turned to him again.  
`Straight to the point, are we?' She frowned but he handed her another arrow. `I carried you there.'  
`And where did you sleep?' she asked as she shot another arrow.  
`On the chair.' Another arrow.  
`What did you do to me?' Another shot.  
`Nothing.' Another arrow.  
`Are you sure?' she asked raising her eyebrow questioningly. Another shot.  
`Yes, I'm sure. What do you think happened?' He handed over another arrow.  
`Nothing.' she tried to avoid him. Another shot on the target.  
He handed her another arrow. `I was expecting you to sleep for another day or two,' he said.  
She lowered her arm and turned to look at him. `What's that supposed to mean?' 
Victor pointed to the target. Wendy took another shot. `I thought you met your spirits?'  
`Yes I met them if that was who they were.' She took another arrow. She shot. `You were there, you saw them.'  
`No, I wasn't.' He handed another arrow.  
`Yes, you were,' she insisted. She took the arrow as she studied him then she shot.  
`If I was there then I was a figment of your imagination. I cannot be in your mind.' He handed her another arrow.  
`So what you are saying is that you were there because I wanted you to be there.'  
`Yes. Now shoot.' She shot the tenth arrow without a miss. `How many were they by the way?'  
She turned to him. She shrugged, `Five.' She noticed that Victor barely managed to stop his mouth from dropping. `Is that bad? Am I going crazy?'  
`No, you are not. But do me a favor and try doing that again.'  
`But I need you,' she suddenly uttered and her mouth stayed open with the shock of saying that to him. She looked away shyly. Victor took his time before he tilted her face to his.  
`After I'm done here,' he said. She was going to say something but he added. `In the evening.' He walked back to the desk. Somebody came to her, `Congratulation. You are officially in the competition.' She started to walk away but Wendy pulled her back.  
`What do you mean by officially in?' Wendy asked.  
`You shot ten arrows to the target without a single miss,' she said then walked away. Wendy looked at Victor but he was busy. He hadn't even told her what was happening? What if I'd have missed? Would I have been disqualified? She wondered. But Victor knew that if she didn't worry about that then she would not miss. She went to another training field and watched as Alice was practicing. She was good. After a long time she went home and tried not to worry about that yet. 
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Gorham had been doing his research on wizards in order to understand Victor better. The information of wizards was very little in his library. He knew that the bundle would be in Diane's library but he doubted whether she would agree to let him see through them but for now he had a reason to go to her castle. He had to see that the competition that Diane wanted did not go against any rules. He also wanted to know why Diane insisted on having Wendy in the competition.  
He called up Jared to have someone send news to Diane that he wanted to see her. When the messenger came back and announced that she would see him at any time. He took his coat and his carriage was called up. Jared took his horse and was riding alongside the carriage while the other guards were either in front or behind. The streets were cleared as the carriage went along.  
Finally he was at the castle and Diane was waiting. She seemed like she didn't have anything better to do and that receiving him was the only thing in her agenda. The door opened and she was coming down the stairs. `Welcome,' she said as she put out her hand and he took her hand to his lips and kissed it slightly.  
`What did I do to be received by the queen herself?' he asked as he put the hand back down.  
`I'm just bored out of my mind,' she said smiling. She put her hand around his and dragged him into the castle. `What brings you here, Gorham?'  
`The competition...'  
`Yes the rules and the rights I have to hold such a competition?' 
`Precisely.'  
`Well, let me tell you the main things about it. The finer details will be handled by Victor.'  
`Speaking of Victor, did you know that Wendy spent the night at his house?' he studied Diane but she appeared surprised.  
`Did she?' her eyes were wide looking at him with interest.  
`Yes she did.'  
`Did anything happen?'  
`No, not that I'm aware of. You really didn't know?'  
`No,' she shook her head slowly as if in thought. Then she laughed suddenly, `Really Gorham, you and Nathan underestimate me.'  
`How is that?' Gorham was confused.  
`I am the one who assigns the guards to you. I hand pick them myself and that should tell you that they are the loyal ones that I pick. Then you use the same guards to spy on me or on someone else in my department like Victor. Obviously I will know about it.' She noticed Gorham looked at Jared who was with them. Jared never looked at them. He was continuing in the same walk as if he didn't hear a thing. Diane continued, `Of course I have your safety first and so I put at least one or two people who will be loyal to you and only you.'  `Jared?' he asked questioningly.  
`He's all yours,' Diane answered then paused, `Of course if you part with him, I will be forced to reassign someone else to you.'  
They got to her very small office but it was functional. They were left alone. `Is that a threat Diane?' he asked.  
`Certainly not!' She sat down on the other side of the desk. `All I am saying is that, the loyal guards I put to each of you are supposed to put your safety first and should they be sent on spying missions that will not be of any advantage to you, protection-wise, then they are not doing their job.'  
Gorham realized that this was the Diane that he had known before the arrival of Victor though she seemed older. Her eyes still had the youthful shine on them but her skin seemed to be creasing with age as her hair was thinning but one couldn't tell unless they watched her very closely like he always did.  
`Please don't look at me like that,' he heard Diane say.  
`Like what?' he couldn't take his eyes off her even then.  
`Like you know that I am getting older.' Gorham didn't say anything. `Does age matter?' she asked herself. `Because I know I am getting older and I don't look as beautiful as I once was. And I know beauty is the first aspect of attraction.'  
`Diane, I didn't come here to talk about that.'  
`Well, I want to talk about it.' And just like that the old Diane was gone.  
`You may be older but you are still the same Diane who some people love, a few hate and everyone is afraid of,' Gorham tried to console her.  
`Flattering. What brought you here?' she asked looking at him like it was the first time she had seen him.  
`The competition?'  
`Yes, well...' she paused for a while before she said. `The basic rules: no cheating and no killing. Is that alright with you?'  
`Yes, those are the ground work to good competitiveness. But I don't see how no cheating will be taken if the person arranging the competition and setting up the fights is training one of the competitors.'  
`You are talking about Victor and Wendy?' No reply from Gorham. `I have explained explicitly to Victor that there will be no cheating. If you have seen him fixing the matches or telling 
Wendy the strengths and weaknesses of her opponents then tell he and she will be disqualified.'  
`Because of Victor trying not to get her killed?'  
`No killing, remember? Anyway the student's morals are only as good as the teacher's. Should Victor cheat then he will be out of the royal guard and Wendy will never be able to be a guard.'  
`That is setting the stakes too high.'  
`No, that is being fair. A fair competition is what you want, don't you?'  `Yes.'  
`Then that is what you will get.'  
Gorham adjusted himself on the seat. `Diane, being fair should not be done only because I am here. It should be your own desire to have it in whatever you do.' Diane didn't even blink. `If you don't enforce that in what you do then what are you teaching Alice?'  
`I don't teach fair. In the battlefield there is no fair. That will be your job to teach her morals. You are the most moral person around. Nathan is far from it and don't even think that I am close because if you knew everything that I have done...' And the old Diane was back. `You would think twice about the fact that you are in love with me.'  `Diane...' he tried to cut in.  
`Don't try to tell me that I am wrong. I know it, everybody knows it and I know you know it. 
It is for the same reason that you keep your eyes closed to the bad that I have done. It is for the same reason that you fail to see what is right in front of your eyes but you will not admit it. You will not do what needs to be done.'  
`I wanted to have a look at your books on wizards.'  
She chuckled unbelievably, `Why don't you just ask me what Victor is doing here? You have to try to have theories about that when you could just ask and I will tell you the truth. You are afraid of the truth that is why you wouldn't dare ask.'  
`I asked and you told me.'  
`No you didn't. If I can remember correctly you said and quote; did you? There was no question what I did and did not, no references to names, no nothing. You are afraid of the answer I might give you if you asked the right question.' She stared at him, challenging him.  
`You want me to ask the questions?' he asked after sometime. Diane didn't answer. `You will just lie to me when you see fit.'  
`I have never lied to you!' Their eyes were locked on one another's.  
`Then answer me, why is Victor Raymond here?' he asked.  
Diane leaned back on her chair, quite relaxed. She answered, `He is here for two reasons more or less related.'  
`Do I need to ask again because you haven't answered the question?'  
`No, I haven't answered the question.' she took a deep breath before saying, `I am dying, 
Gorham.'  
`That's why you are training Alice to take over. I know that.'  
`No, you don't understand. I'm not talking figuratively. I do not mean that my line is dying, I do not mean that I have to step down,' she paused and saw the questioning look on Gorham's face. But she kept him waiting for a while then eventually said, `I am dying physically and I will join the spirits soon.'  
Gorham was lost for words. He stared at Diane who seemed to have accepted her fate. Now that he looked at her he could see it. There wasn't an old Diane and a new Diane. There was just one who was still ruling and the other putting her affairs in order. He wanted to ask but he didn't know how. Instead he said, `you lied that Victor was just satisfying your craving for power.' 
`No, it was true. After receiving the rejuvenating breathe for a long time you finally start craving for it more and more each time you receive it.'  
`For how long have you been receiving it?' Gorham asked curiously.  
`Almost two decades.'  
`Two...' his jaw dropped. Diane didn't say anything. Again after a long pause he said, `Victor has only been here for five years at most.' Again Diane didn't reply. It was common knowledge that Victor had showed up approximately five years ago. `How did you get it before he got here?' he asked.  
`Brief encounters with another.'  
`You know of the existence of two of our foremost enemies and you keep it to yourself?'  
`I wouldn't have if my life hadn't depended on it,' she said simply then got up. `Can we go for a walk?' Gorham stood up and they went out. She waved the guards away and they went out of the castle. They were walking with no one around them arm in arm. Privacy in the open, she thought. 
She turned to him, `You have something else that you want to ask?'  
`Yes, you said Victor was here for two reasons,' pause, `what’s the second reason?'  
`I will answer that later. Any other thing?' she asked. They were heading to the training sectors.  
Gorham thought for a while. `Why now? Why are you telling me all this now?'  
`Because I am dying.' She laughed at that then continued, `I am a dying woman who is arranging her affairs in order. It is only reasonable that I talk to the person who will ensure that my wishes are granted.' 
`Wishes like what?' Gorham asked.  
`Like I get a last kiss from someone who loves me.' She didn't look at him.  
`Eric...'  
`Eric doesn't love me. He married me for my throne and a legacy. He wanted to be remembered that's all.'  
`Victor...'  
`Victor has no interest in me whatsoever.'  `Then who?' Gorham asked unwittingly.  
Diane stopped and turned to him. He also stopped and looked at her. `You know, sometimes I can't tell whether you play dumb or you really don't get it.' It didn't seem like he was following. `I want you to kiss me.'  
Gorham stared at her. Was she serious? His thoughts were whirling in his mind. She looked serious to him and seemed to be expecting a kiss or an answer. He looked at her face. He loved looking at it. He looked at her lips and wondered how it would be like to kiss her again after all these years. His thoughts left the kiss and he knew why he was pushing for her to step down. When she would have done so then she would have divorced Eric without much controversy. He would have also agreed to do that without much fuss. Finally, he always thought that then Diane would be free to marry him.  
Now she was telling him that she was dying and the waiting that he had done was in vain. He saw the disappointment on her face when she thought he wasn't going to kiss her. He threw all caution to the wind and leaned down to kiss her. She tilted her head upwards to him to receive him. His lips brushed hers. He felt a glow in him as Diane shuddered. She raised her arms around his neck as he deepened the kiss. 
 His hands were around her waist and he was pulling her to him. Gorham had thought that when he had the chance to kiss her he would do it with all the fury in him but this kiss was more like the first lovers had. It was soft, passionate and intimate and when finally their lips parted, their heads stayed together with the eyes closed. He opened his eyes first and his hand caressed her face. At last she opened her eyes.  
Oh God, what had he done to her? He wondered. She still loved him as much as he loved her. 
He kissed her forehead and saw her smile. `What?'  
She laughed out loud at the question and put her hand around him as they started to walk. `It's just that I thought that you were the best kisser.'  
`And now?'  
`Now,' she paused and looked at him, `Now, I think that you are the best kisser I'll ever kiss in my lifetime.' Gorham didn't say anything about that. They walked in silence with Gorham's arm around her. He was in deep thought and didn't notice people staring. Finally Diane stopped. In front of them Alice was training in a ring at the center.  
`She's beautiful, isn't she?' she asked as she put both her hands on the fencing.  
Gorham removed his hand from around her as they were now within people. `Who?' he asked as he followed her eyes. `Alice?' he asked.  
`No, not Alice. Wendy.' Gorham looked for Wendy and saw her directly across from them. He turned to look at Diane instead. `She is something.' she said again but he didn't know what to say about that so he kept quiet. `Why are you so protective of her?' she turned to him. 
 `Am I?' he asked.  
`Yes you are. You are very concerned about her that if I didn't know you any better...'  Gorham smiled. It was Diane's turn to be doubtful. `She's young enough to be my daughter.'  `Of course she is.' she said then turned to watch Wendy who was in turn watching Alice. `Open your eyes and look at her.' she told Gorham and he looked at Wendy. He noticed she was standing exactly the same way Diane was standing. Her eyes were firmly on one thing as Diane's eyes were on her. Then he started to recognize the small things and finally he knew.  
`She is your daughter?' he questioned not taking his eyes from the latter. Then he turned and looked at her. `That is the second reason that Victor is here. He is training her because you cannot.'  
`Yes.'  
Gorham was quiet. When Diane had told him that she had done some things that he would not approve of her hadn't imagined it was as big as this. `She is not Eric's daughter.'  
`No.'  
`She is only two years older than Martin.'  
`Yes.'  
`You had her when you were abducted?'  
`After, yes.'  
`Do you know the father?' he asked her worriedly.  
`Yes,' she turned away from Wendy and looked directly at Gorham, `She is a very special girl.' She walked away leaving him there. He turned in time to see Wendy walk away also. Wendy was Diane's daughter and she didn't even know it. Diane had done a good job keeping this a secret. In fact, he realized, Diane was very good at keeping any secret when she wanted to. He didn't go back to see her though every fiber in him wanted to.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	* 
Wendy went to Victor's house but he wasn't there yet so she waited. This time she had come after eating so that she would not intrude on Victor's food. Eventually he came by and the same process as before. He took the horse to the stable then opened the door from inside and let Wendy in. Wendy watched him eat then at long last he was done.  `Are you ready?'  `Yes,' she answered.  
`Please,' he signaled the floor then they sat on the floor and closed their eyes. It was the same process as before and when she was in a trance, Victor carried her and put her in bed. He stared at her for a long time then he left. In his own short trance he had sensed something dangerous about to happen at the castle. He went out again and took his horse and headed to the castle.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Most people had seen Gorham and Diane kiss. It was the talk of the castle and certainly it was the talk on every other person's lips. They all knew that Gorham was attracted to her but for Diane to have allowed him to kiss her like that then it was the talk of the day. This meant that eventually Eric found out.  
He headed to Diane's private quarters and being the husband he didn't need permission to go in and the guards let him go through. As usual, they could not hear what was being said inside and so they were not prepared for what was about to happen.  
Eric stormed into the bedroom and the commotion woke Diane up from her sleep. She got out of bed. `What are you doing here?' she demanded. 
 `What do you mean by that?' he retorted.  
`I don't want you here. Leave,' she ordered.  
`I am not going anywhere! I'm your husband and I'm here to be with my wife.'  `That will not happen,' she sneered.  
`But you sleep with every other man that comes in front of your eyes. I'm in the line and I think I've been waiting a long time and I can't take any more of this.'  
`What are you talking about?' she asked quite ignorantly walking around the room.  
Eric walked towards her though it seemed she did not notice. `I was okay with you privately having an affair with that bodyguard of yours but I can't take it when you do so publicly with 
Gorham nonetheless.'  
Diane barely looked at him as she said, `What will you do?'  
`I can only allow you so much but my pride is at stake.' he came until he was standing right in front of her.  
`Pride is all that there is to you...' She started but didn't finish the statement. He hit her hard. She tried to hit him back but the blow had disoriented her and before she knew it he had pinned her down and was strangling her with his massive hands and whatever Diane tried to do to get out of it she could not manage.  
Victor arrived at the castle and didn't bother putting the horse at the stables. He ran into the castle and went directly to the upper rooms. He pushed past the guard outside the door who was not prepared for a confrontation. He got into the room with the guard in tow trying to restrain him. It took her a second longer than Victor to locate Diane and Eric on the floor. Diane was not fighting anymore. Victor went and dragged Eric off her. Eric attacked Victor in a murderous rage. The guard at the door called for re-enforcements who managed to hold Eric down though they could not shut him up. He was shouting now, `That whore. She's a bitch, an ungrateful bitch...' and it went on and on.  
Victor, having been relieved from fighting went to check on Diane. The guard at the door had been kneeling over her. She turned to Victor who had come to join her. `She's not breathing.'  
She backed away a little bit. Victor was opening her eyelids and felt her pulse. It was very low. He breathed on her face but it wasn't helping. He realized that she hadn't breathed it in. he turned to the guard, `I want you to restrain her.'  
`Why?'  
`Just do it.' The guard came to pin Diane down then Victor bent to Diane's face. The guard watched as he clipped her nose then opened her mouth and breathed into it. He pulled away as he looked at her face and removed his fingers from her nose. Then he did it again and he was murmuring, `Come on, Diane, come on.' Diane took a deep breath as she pulled herself trying to sit up but the guard had restrained her. She looked at her in panic and then relaxed. The guard was telling her that it was fine. Victor collapsed back in relief then turned to the guards behind him who were restraining Eric. `Take him to the dungeon,' he ordered.  
`Are you arresting me?' Eric asked incredulously as if Victor was out of his mind to do that.  
`Yes.'  
`On what charges?' Eric demanded.  `The attempt on the Queen's life.'  `We were just...' he started.  
But Victor interrupted, `Take him away!' Eric was dragged away. 
 The guard turned to Victor as she smiled, `You have to teach me how to do that?'  
`Maybe another time.' He was staring at Diane who was still calm on the floor. `Send someone out there to come and clean up this mess.'  
`Yes, sir,' she answered with new respect to him. She left. Victor carried Diane and put her on the bed. Then he breathed on her face the sacred breathe whether she wanted it or not. She breathed in and the silence between them continued.  
Then as if knowing her thoughts he said, `I'll send someone over to Gorham's castle.'  `Yes, please do.'  
`And we will need an official report from you on the attempted assassination...'  
`I know the drill.' She raised her eyebrow. `I will give you what you need.'  
`You could have...' he started then thought better of it. Instead he continued, `I will send out word for him.' And then he left her in peace but the security had been upgraded. One guard would stay in the room with her.  
Gorham was not asleep. He could hear the commotion outside then a knock on his door. He waited a few seconds then heard the second knock. `Yes,' he called.  
Jared walked in. He had to wonder if Jared ever slept. They probably thought the same for him. He walked until the foot-board of the bed and said. `Sir, your presence is required at Diane's castle.'  
`Why?' he was still lying down but his voice was clear. Jared knew he had not slept yet. 
 He answered, `It seems that an attempt has been made on Diane's life.' Gorham sat up without another word.  
In the darkness he asked, `Is she alright?' he was glad that Jared couldn't see his face but his voice trembled.  
`Yes, she sent word herself.' or at least through Victor, he wanted to add but he knew the news itself was tormenting to his boss without adding Victor's name to it.  
`Have my horse ready.'  
`Yes sir,' he turned and left telling someone to take a light to Gorham's room but he hadn't needed it. He was already dressed by the time the light got there. He put on his riding boots and was heading out. Jared came round with the horses. The other guards were following on their horses. He mounted with ease and was off as the others followed.  
Getting to the castle he was escorted in directly to Diane's quarters. The door was slightly open and so he walked right in. Jared and the others stayed outside but the door didn't fully close as before.  
Gorham stopped short when saw her. It wasn't that she was looking bad on the contrary she looked like an angel with her white hair and the white bed sheets. He realized that he had never really seen her in bed. He approached her slowly and her eyes were following him. He sat next to the bed and took her hand to his mouth. `What sort of maniac would do this to an angel like you?' he whispered.  
Diane smiled then pulled herself up and put her hands around him in a hug. `A maniac nonetheless.'  
They stayed like that for so long and when she pulled away he looked into her eyes, he asked with sadness in him, `Why is it that I keep realizing too late that I need to be with you?' At this the guard inside left them knowing that they needed privacy.  
`Because you are dumb the way I thought.' she chuckled.  
But Gorham wasn't joking he caressed her face and leaned slightly to her as if to kiss her but the door opened abruptly and Victor walked in. Gorham didn't react he was just staring at her face. `You need to sign your name on the statement,' Victor said handing the document over to her. She took it and looked through it then signed. `What is the verdict, Gorham?'  `Guilty.'  
`Sentencing?'  
`Death,' he answered without thought.  
`It cannot be death,' he said.  
Gorham turned to him in shock, `Why not?' In his mind he was cursing Victor as he wondered, how dare he say that when Diane almost died?  
`Because it was Diane's husband who tried to kill her and because it is your fault that he even did that.'  
`Eric?' he turned to Diane who was looking down on the covers in guilty. `What do you suggest?' he asked looking at Diane but addressing Victor.  
`Life, hard labor and should he try to escape will be killed.'  
`Done.'  
`One more thing, should he have the common sense to ask for an appeal you will grant him that after Diane's death.'  
`Guaranteed.' he answered. Victor put it down then left. Gorham didn't say a thing.  
`He is angry with me,' Diane eventually said.  
`So should I.'  
`I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking when I asked you to kiss me,' she apologized.  
`Why do I find that hard to believe?' Diane didn't answer instead she kissed him on the lips as she started to remove his shirt. `Diane,' he called her name but there was no reply. `Diane?' he called again and like before no answer though there were kisses on his lips, cheeks, neck as she unbuttoned his shirt. `Diane?' he called again pulling away from her. He couldn't believe what he was doing. He really wanted her but was now acting as the reluctant party.  
She looked at him calmly but questioningly. `Tell me you know what you are doing.'  
`Of course I know what I'm doing.'  
`Do you really?' he asked looking straight through her soul.  
`Yes,' she kissed him slowly on the lips. `I love you.' And that was the green light for Gorham. He lay her on her back, pulled away the sheets and was caressing and kissing her passionately. No one interrupted them.  
When Victor left the room he ordered that Diane and Gorham not be disturbed. Gorham's guards were dispatched back home and would be called when Gorham was ready to go. They all knew what the orders meant. They knew what was going on behind the closed doors and didn't dare to ask any questions about it. It seemed to them that Victor was angry and as he gave the orders it seemed he would kill whoever defied them. They watched him go to the dungeons.  
Eric looked up as the doors to the cell opened up. Victor walked in with a lantern and set it up at the end opposite end of the room. `I have your sentence here,' he said.  
`That fast? Why am I not surprised?' he spit. 
 `Do you want to hear it?' he asked. He couldn't believe how Diane ended up marrying this guy but he knew she didn't have a choice. He was the best warrior at her time and she had to marry the best. Just like everyone thought that Alice would be married to him.  `Do I have a choice?'  `Yes,' he answered.  
`Answer me this, how does it make you feel that Gorham is going to win this tug of war?'  
`The question is, how does it make you feel that he is making love to your wife right now and,' he paused as if listening, `and they happen to have already forgotten all about you already? He is remolding her to the way he wants,' he listened again, `and she happens to like it.' Eric suddenly tried to reach for him but all his limbs were chained up and he could only move so far. Victor was unperturbed. Eric tried again with the same results. Then all of a sudden he was calm.  
`The way it is eating you up?' he stared Victor who was in front of him.  
`You got that wrong, I am only angry that you almost tainted my record big-time.'  
`How about you be angry at this; you are the best warrior out there these days. In twenty years or so you will be at the same spot I am in right now. You will be in chains as your wife does it with another man in the same bed you used.'  
`I am genuinely sorry for your misfortune.' he said between his teeth.  
`Save it for yourself.'  
`But I am not you who doesn't know how to please a woman!' 
Eric spit on him. Victor was about to move on him when the former said, `You do not beat up a defenseless person. That is the code. It would be breaking the rules to beat up a prisoner.'  
`I don't do anything by your code,' he said then stepped back and waved his hand in front of him and the chains fell off from Eric's limbs.  
Eric looked at him with wide surprised eyes. He was about to say something when he felt a strong force push him hard against the same wall he had been hanging. He saw the look on Victor's face and was suddenly afraid. `Please stop.' But he wouldn't. He felt multiple invisible pins on his skin and was calling for help. Then he couldn't breathe and the force that was holding him back gave way. It was like his lungs refused to enlarge. The guards had heard his cry for help and were running to the cell. The door was unlocked and so they just walked right in.  
They found Eric on the floor as he tried to reach for Victor but the latter did not move to help him. Some of them went to Eric while the others tried to ask Victor what had happened but he was keenly watching the former. Finally he went down and looked at Eric, `The only rules I follow are those of my queen and be thankful because she didn't order me to kill you,' Eric gasped for air as he 
started to breathe again. `Because I would have done so without a second thought.'  He then got up and left the shocked group of people. 
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Gorham held Diane close to him the whole night and as morning approached he wondered how all this had started years ago. Gorham was just starting out as a king and Diane was to be appointed queen sometime later. His father was still handling Diane's mother. He was to start briefing Diane as they bonded and finally in the important issues they would be free to discuss no matter what topic it was.  
He liked her ever since he was a teenager and saw her at a party. It was the first time he had set eyes on her. He had wondered a lot about her and finally she was coming to see him. His father left them alone and for a moment he didn't know what to say. Diane smiled at him, `I was told that I am to come here and be briefed about something that I've done wrong or a better way to handle things.'  
`Yes, that is how it works.'  
`But since there is nothing that I have done, yet, that anyone considers wrong,' she paused, `Can we skip it all and do something much more interesting?' her eyes twinkled.  
`But this is interesting.' She raised her eyebrow questioningly. `It is interesting, trust me.'  `Why? All you have here are books.'  
`The books open up a doorway to another world. We get to live in another time and see ourselves in a whole new light compared to what it was before.'  
She started fidgeting in the chair. `Well, I suppose I should tell you right now that I hate the books here. They are very boring.'  
`Which books do you like?' Gorham had asked curiously. He wanted to know in order to find the type of book that she would enjoy.  
`They are only found in my mother's castle.'  `What are they about?' he asked.  
`Queens and wizards,' she shrugged as if it was no big deal but didn't fail to notice Gorham's eyes widen with interest.  
`I would like to see them,' he said more to himself than her.  
`Do you ride?' she asked.  
`Yes.' 
`Then come over and I will show them to you but you can't read the diaries. My mother says they are only for a queen's eyes.'  
`You are not yet a queen,' he pointed out.  
Diane wiggled her nose thoughtfully then she smiled, `Good point. I will see if I can get one to you.' Then she laughed. Gorham just stared at her. She continued, `Now that I am planning to do something bad what does the laws say about that?'  
`I have read nothing about sneaking the king a dead queen's diary.' Again she laughed. He only smiled then stopped looking at her for a while. After she stopped he asked, `Do you have a diary?'  
`Yes, though I will officially start using it when I take power.'  `What goes into a diary?' he asked watching her carefully.  
She pushed the hair behind her ear, `Everything.'  
`Everything?'  
`Well, what we want to go into the diary.' she looked at him thoughtfully, `do you know that you will read my mother's diary before me?'  
`How?'  
`Well, it is something to do with you ripping away the parts that you think will poison the future queens if left.'  
`But the kings aren't allowed to see the diaries.'  
`Most of the kings witnessed the life of the ruling queen and so it will not be a secret to them,' she saw the unsure look on Gorham's face. `It will be handed to you when she dies.' She had said and it happened like that.  
Now he looked at Diane beside him. She was stirring awake. Finally she opened her eyes and stared at him adoringly, `Morning,' she murmured. 
 
`Morning to you too.' he replied. She then put her head back down. He brushed her hair from her face. `Do you know what I was just thinking of?'  `No,' she answered in a low voice.  
`The first day at the library study,' she suddenly laughed.  
`Do you know what I was thinking that day?' she asked as she raised her head again and saw him shake his head, `I was thinking that you shouldn't spend your time behind a desk.'  `Why?' he asked curiously.  
`Why? Because I remembered you from the party and couldn't believe that the most handsome man at the party was to be my law king.'  
`You really didn't know who I was?' he asked.  
`Nope.' she shook her head with a smile. `I was always on the field, didn't make it to your coronation.'  
`I can't believe this.'  
`It is true. That day I was mad at my mother for dragging me along with her but when I met you, the day suddenly changed for the better.‟ she paused. Then said in a low voice, `Why am I telling you this if you are going to read it anyway?'  
`Because this didn't happen after your coronation.'  
`I lied.' She started to laugh. Gorham could see her finally happy like that first day. `I started writing mine way before the coronation.'  
`What other surprise should I expect when I read your diary?' Gorham asked.  
Diane sat up. The sheet that was covering her slipped off and her bare breast hang in the open. Gorham found himself staring. She waited until he lifted his eyes. `The biggest surprise, I suppose, would be the identity of Wendy's father.' 
 
Gorham was quiet as he took that information in. He asked, `Did you love him?'  
Diane shrugged and answered, `I suppose so.'  
Gorham sat up and tilted her head to his, `Do you still love him?'  
`That answer is complicated.'  
`It's just a yes or a no.'  
`He is the father of my daughter.'  
Gorham kept quiet and just stared at her. He had no idea what he was saying and so he would leave it that at that. `It was during the time when we thought you were captured, were you captured?'  
`Yes, and then I escaped barely a month later.'  
`You didn't come home.'  
`No I didn't. There was nothing for me to hurry back to. I had a broken heart because the man I loved wouldn't marry me and I was wed to an arrogant fool so I sought solace somewhere else and I found it.'  
`I should have married you no matter my beliefs and our customs,' he said. He buried his head on her shoulders and kept repeating it until Diane stopped him.  
`It wasn't your fault. It was fate. This is how it was meant to be,' she smiled at him and kissed him. They ended up making love again. They would have stayed in bed the whole day had Victor not come to knock at the door. He was the only one with the bravery to do so. Gorham got up from the bed reluctantly. But he was dressed and ready to go. `I'll come to you,' she said before he disappeared out of the door.  
After a while an attendant came in and asked her if she wanted something. Five minutes later a bath was prepared with herbs in it and she pulled away the sheet that was around her and stepped in. One of the attendants made sure the water was not too hot while the others removed the sheets and made the bed with fresh sheets. Suddenly the door opened. All the attendants turned and saw Victor walking in with the guard at the door in tow but he didn't care. He came and stopped right in front of Diane's bath tub.  
Diane looked up slowly at him. There was no anger in her eyes. The attendant didn't know if she was supposed to cover Diane but both didn't seem to mind the nude body in the clear water so she just moved back.  
`Did you have a good night?' Victor asked not even bothering to lower his voice.  `It was great actually.'  
`I'm glad for you.'  
`Thank you. How was your night, Victor?'  
`Bad, but thanks for asking.' they just stared at each other for a while as Diane was pouring what over her body part that were not submerged. Then Victor leaned over to her. His hands on opposite sides of the tub trapping her if she wanted to escape. He whispered harshly but given that the room was so quiet it was like he was talking in a normal voice. `I'm not here to play mother, waking you up in the morning and I'm not here to play babysitter, trying to stop fighting in the playpen. Understand?'  
Then Diane did something unthinkable at the moment. She put her wet hands on Victor's cheek and kissed his forehead then said, `I understand.' He started to get up when Diane said, `I also know that you didn't have to do any of those things but you did them anyway. Is Victor Raymond finally beginning to care?' she asked him smiling.  
Victor stood upright again. `It is my job.'  
`Keep saying that but I do know that even you are fallible like the rest of us. I wonder what it will take for you to admit it.' 
Victor chuckled, `Admit what?'  
`Oh!' she put her hand over mouth then laughed anyway, `You already know. Who is she?'  `Diane, you are losing your mind,' he tried to deter her but it was impossible.  
She narrowed her eyes at him, `My mind is fine. I just want to know who she is.' Victor stared into her eyes and she knew. She relaxed, `Then you have my blessing.' Victor smiled at her. `Do you know what her father will think of it?'  
`He wouldn't like it one bit,' Victor said then continued as if there was nothing that they were talking about. `You shouldn't put your life in danger like that again.'  
`But am I allowed to sleep until two in the afternoon?' she asked childishly.  
`Why would you...' then he realized what she was saying. `Forgive me for inquiring. You will stay safe?'  
`Yes.'  
`That's all.' Victor walked away leaving the attendants shocked at how the conversation went. But they went on with their work as if nothing happened as they watched Diane fall asleep in the water.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Alice was not mad that she was going to be put up to fight the winner of the competition. She was the best female warrior and that was why she was chosen to replace Queen Diane. She also had the advantage of being from the closest line to the Queen's and therefore she had the support of the council and when Diane had been taking her time to accept her she went and complained to the council. Her father being the head of the council was the first to tell her that the Queen had to call on Alice herself or else she could just live in the castle doing nothing. 
 But Alice was very impatient. It was in her nature and she couldn't help it but eventually she was summoned by Diane. She moved into the castle. She expected to meet Victor but for some reason she was always missing him. When she finally met him he was in the arena where he was supervising the setting up of the competition.  
`Hi,' she approached him.  
Victor turned to her. `Hallo Alice.'  
`I was wondering about some of the details in the competition.'  
`Like what?' Victor was looking into her eyes but he didn't smile or come close to it. Alice was still taken by his looks and forgot what she wanted to say. `Alice, like what?' he asked again patiently.  
`Um.' she couldn't believe that she forgot what she wanted to say. She racked her mind for clues and finally remembered. `Like I don't know if you are going to compete or not.'  
`I'm not competing.'  
`Oh,' she thought of something else to say, `Does it have categories?'  
`We have to have categories in order to be able to eliminate competitors.'  
`So how are the eliminations going to take place?'  
`We have over a thousand entries that have succeeded. The first part of it will be eliminating half of the competitors.'  
`And I do not compete in the first parts of the competitions.'  
`Unless you want to.'  
`Why is Diane doing this?'  
Victor narrowed his eyes at that, `Queen Diane has her reasons and has a right to hold such competitions, but if you don't want to participate in it then you have to tell her that. She will not force you to do something that you don't want to do.'  
`No, I'm in.'  
`Good,' he said then turned and looked at something that made him frown. `Please excuse me. I have to take care of some things.'  
Alice nodded and watched him go away. He was magnificent. His walk, his talk and his eyes. He seemed to know what she wanted but waited for her to speak her mind. She knew what Diane wanted from her. The latter was always telling her that she needed to keep her eyes focused only on one thing and not to let it change no matter what.  
Diane would tell her something and watched then after that tells her exactly what she was thinking. She tried but she never managed to hide whatever it was away. How could she do it when she didn't even know what it was that she was supposed to keep hidden? Either way she was the best in what she did and was sure that she would be able to handle whoever comes out the winner.  
    
CHAPTER THREE
  
`Charles, I wanted to tell you that my son Timothy will be coming to see me for the holidays. 
He will be staying here with me.'  
Charles faced Greta unbelievably, `You know he's not supposed to come here.'  
Charles was the butler and Greta was the head maid. Between the two of them, Charles was older and had lived in the secluded mansion longer. They had their own houses out of the mansion and at the moment there were no inhabitants in the mansion and it seemed eerie. But they did the general things like keep the compound tidy and clean the main rooms once in a while.  
Charles was apparently worried that Greta forgot the rules. Outsiders weren't supposed to come to the house unless it was approved off by the boss. But the boss hadn't been around for almost two years and there was no one besides Charles to make that decision.  
`Charles, he grew up here, he can come over and see me.'  
`You are forgetting that he spent most of his life in boarding schools like the rest of our children. He only came here for the holidays and even then he spent most of that time visiting relatives.'  
`But you just said it. He came over for the holidays, why can't he come over now?'  
`Because Mr. Clay isn't here to approve of it.'  
`Well I already told Tim to come over. It might take him a week to get here because they are coming by road and he is traveling with friends.'  
`Then why did you ask?' Charles looked over the finances. Mr. Clay was very thorough and always wanted every cent explained for.  
`I just wanted you to know, in case you see him walking about in the compound.'  
`I'm not giving you my permission because it wouldn't mean a thing. Just promise me he will not head off to the house. We don't know when Mr. Clay will return and it is best that we do not surprise him with anything.'  
`He hasn't been back in two years and all I'm asking for is three months at most unless Tim wants to go stay with his father.'  
`I would prefer if he stayed with his father,' Charles stood up. The books were perfect for today.  
`Well, I raised him and deserve to spend some time with him too.' 
`I agree,' he caught Greta by the arms, `But you can get a time off and spend the time with him.'  
`Twenty four hours of every week with someone in college?' she appeared shock by the suggestion. `We would both die.'  
`And that could happen if he does something wrong or says something wrong or even shake the wrong person's hand.'  
`I get it. I will keep him away from the house,' she smiled. Charles nodded and left the table with the account book. Every month they got funds that paid the employees and paid for the maintenance of the house. It was also supposed to feed everybody and the remainder of the money was left in the account.  
When Mr. Clay returned and checked the books confirming that everything was in order then the extra money would be the bonus of everybody. Though this was done it was unacceptable to limit the use of money so as to get a higher bonus.  
The employees were paid handsomely and their children's school fees were paid by the boss. 
Their salaries were theirs to use as they wished and by age fifty they would be in line for retirement. Greta was getting close but it was not yet time. Charles on the other hand was above fifty but he was still there. He hadn't requested a retirement because he was very comfortable at the house. Unlike the others, he lived inside the house sometimes and knew most of it secrets, something that the others had a disadvantage over.  
He had grown up in the house and was educated out of it like all the others though he came back and requested to work in the house. The pay was good, the advantages were unbelievable but he liked the mystery of the owner Mr. Clay.  
He was fifty six and in all his years he had never seen him age a day and that was why he disappeared most of the time. He had something going everywhere and had to check on all of them, but he knew that the boss was about to come back and though he didn't know it, he was right!  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Three days later, the elimination process had begun. There were several groups of people standing in line. They went into the arena fifty at a time. This wasn't much for watching because they would shoot arrows until half of them missed shots and then another group would coming in. Victor was watching the proceedings and every time half of them would go away, he would watch as the other half would go and register their names again.  
It didn't seem fair that some of the groups had everyone almost perfect in archery but it was fate. They believed the even in the groups where only a hundred arrow would be the separating factor there were bound to be very good horsemen in there and there was bound to be good swordsmen in there also. He saw Diane and Gorham coming to him at the corner of his eyes but he didn't react. Lately they have been doing almost everything together and people were already used to them. Besides they had better things to do than gossip.  
`Victor,' she called to him.  
He turned to them. Gorham had his hands around her possessively. `Yes, your Highness.'  `How is everything going?' she asked as they walked to him.  
`Very well.'  
`Really?' but she didn't want an answer to that and so he kept quiet. `Join us please.' she said as they walked away. It was until they didn't have anyone around them that she spoke. `Has your student succeeded?'  
	`No.'  	 
`What do you mean by no?' 
`She's still asleep.'  
Gorham raised his eyebrow questioningly but none of them noticed. `She's not supposed to sleep for so long. You have to wake her up.'  
`The last time she woke up herself. I didn't need to wake her.'  
`The last time she was scared and that was why she came out of it but I suspect that she has gotten comfortable with her spirits by now. If you don't wake her up she will fail to know the difference between reality and what's in her mind!' she seemed worried.  
`How am I supposed to wake her up?'  
`You were taught how to take someone to the deepest part of their mind but failed to be taught how to bring them back?' she asked incredulously.  
`I was in a hurry to get here on time.'  
`Okay,' she took deep breathes then finally said, `To bring her out of it, you have to form a connection with her. A strong bond.'  
`How?'  
`You have to kiss her.'  
`Really?' he asked her narrowing his eyes at her.  `Yes really. If you have a better idea then say it.'  `Why kissing her?' he asked still not sure.  
`She has to want to come back and that is the only way.' She watched Victor go home. Later when she was alone with Gorham she laughed and told him that anybody can be lied to.  
Victor went home and went to the bedroom where Wendy had been sleeping peacefully for three days. Aside from a few tosses and turns she was in a perfect sleep. He brushed the hair off her face and wondered why it had come to this. He knew it was a bad idea but it was the only one he had. He leaned over her and his lips slowly brushing on hers. He felt an electric shock go through him and his heart started beating faster.  
Wrong or a bad idea he wasn't backing down now. His hand went behind her head and held her head slightly up and kissed her full lips. He could feel her mouth opening to him and pulled back. `Wendy,' he called but no reply. She still wasn't conscious. He leaned over her again and the kiss came naturally this time. He'd wanted a woman to love so much but had held back. His life was too complicated, but now here was the one he had actually come to desire to be with. Her lips were responding to his and it was becoming more passionate as it was deepening. Her fingers dug into his hair as her other arm went around him. He held her up as he felt her body pressing on to his.  
`Victor,' she managed to whisper. Slowly the kiss got less passionate and he slowly pulled away from her. He stayed there with closed eyes for a long time with neither of them moving. Then Victor stood up.  
He walked to the door and said without turning, `You have to eat something.' He didn't want to look at her, not now because he wouldn't be able to stop himself from going back to her. He was afraid that he might see what he needed to see and would be distracted from his main mission. God! He had watched her for almost five years and knew he was drawn to her. He had his own reasons for coming here but the reasons for him had changed considerably over the years and Diane knew. She must have always known. It was hard to hide anything from that woman.  
Wendy finally came to the living room. She seemed fine for someone who had slept straight for three days. Victor already had food for her on the table. Though she wasn't hungry, she ate anyway. `You have to be at the arena,' he said trying to forget the taste of her mouth and the feel of her lips but every time he licked his lips he remembered.  
`How long have I been asleep?' she asked before drinking the water on the table.  
`Three days.'  
`Oh!' she exclaimed then got up. `Then I have to get to the arena now.' She suddenly stumbled and was falling. She didn't know how Victor got to her so fast but he caught her before she fell.  
`Are you okay?' he asked still holding her.  
`You kissed me?' her eyes were on his.  
His own eyes shifted from hers to her lips then back again to the eyes. `Yes,' he answered simply.  
`Okay,' she said. `You can let go of me now.'  
But Victor held on. `Are you okay?' he asked.  
`Yes,' she said as she pulled herself up. She didn't add anything more to it and neither did he. They proceeded to the arena where the competitors were continuing with the archery. She had to wait until she was called like the others. She went through everything as if she was still in a trance. She walked to the arena and was shown where to stand. She had no idea the number of people who were watching her.  
Later on Diane called Victor to her study. She was there writing her journal and looked up at 
Victor. `Was she fine?'  
`Wendy? Yes she was fine.'  
`Was she herself?'  
`No, but that was a good thing.' Diane was looking at him questioningly. `She doesn't do so well when she is under pressure the way most people do.'  
`You can not underestimate her.' There were no words spoken to that. `How many spirits can she see?' Diane asked curiously.  
`Five.' 
`Including herself, six. She can control all the six elements?'  
`It seems so.'  
`She is very powerful.' She looked at Victor trying to see what was in his mind. She couldn't see any difference therefore she said, `Her father will be very protective of her.'  
Victor sighed, `I'm just doing my job, Diane. Don't add things that aren't there.'  `Hm,' she said thoughtfully but decided to change the subject. `It will be soon.'  `What?' he asked not expecting that.  
`I am about to die. What I want to know is how you will transfer my spirit.'  
`I will need one of your possessions. Something that she can put on and carry around easily.'  
She reached inside one her drawers and brought out a necklace with a diamond hanging from it. It didn't seem like it was from around there but it was familiar. She handed it to him. `Will that one do?'  
He studied it and wondered where she got it from but didn't ask. He just nodded. `When do you expect...'  
`Very soon. I doubt that the competition will even end.' Victor was waiting for something more and so she added, `Nathan is plotting something and it will be big. If I know him well enough I would think that he is going to involve Alice in on it.'  
`You could just tell Gorham your theory and he will shut him down in whatever it is,' Victor suggested.  
Diane smiled a very weak sad smile as she shook her head, `No, I have changed fate several times and it is about time that I let the events flow the way they are supposed to.' She paused as she scratched her head in thought. `I will also want you make sure that my diary gets to him and is read by no one else before him.'  
`That is easy, anything else?'  
`Yes,' she looked straight into his eyes. `Take care of her. I have written a letter.' She handed him a letter from underneath the diary. `Give this to her when she is ready.'  
`How will I know that she is ready to read this?'  
`After she meets her father.'  
`And when will I give her the necklace?' he asked looking at the necklace in his hands.  
`That, I will leave to you, but I would prefer you give it to her before she is overwhelmed with her powers.'  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Nathan was in a position where he didn't know what was going on because he was now out of the loop. Gorham was mainly always with Diane which meant that he was a third wheel to the two. He preferred to stay out of it completely. But his mind was at work. He was going use this in order to boost his career. He was going to become an indispensable asset to the council.  
He knew about Victor being a wizard and since Gorham wasn't watching his back every single second then he could do whatever he wished. He found out more about wizards and realized that they had all disappeared for some time and this was the first time that a wizard was heard from for a long time. He also realized the danger that they possessed.  
If he were the one who brought this under the attention of the council then he would be considered a patriot unlike Gorham was aiding and abetting Diane in causing a danger to the people. He would then be under the protection of the council and if anything were to happen to cause Gorham to re-examine his appointment then the council will stand by him. He realized that he could even throw Diane out of the power that she was not willing to leave and he would form an alliance with Alice who was going to be the next queen.  
Yes, if he did things right he would be unstoppable and even more powerful than Gorham. Queen Alice will be on his side as the council which was headed by Alice's father will be. Gorham will be one man standing against an army and the people.  
He stood up and headed to Diane's castle which will very soon be called Alice's after being informed that Diane was out going to Gorham's castle. He didn't want to meet with one of the people he was going to over throw. He asked to speak with Alice and he was taken to the study where she found him. He waited until they were left alone.  
Alice started, `I'm not the queen yet. I'm sure the person you want to talk to is Diane.'  
`No, I'm here to speak to the right person.'  
Alice was still not convinced in whether he was not out of his mind but she went to sit down on Diane's chair and signaled him to sit down opposite her. `Okay, so you are here to see me.'  `I have a proposal to make to you.'  
`I'm sure you aren't talking about marriage because you are married.'  
`You are right,' Nathan studied her. She was pretending to know what she was doing but he could see she was clueless. If he was going to get through to her he had to pretend that she was the one calling all the shots. Pride was the one thing that he could use to get her to his side. He continued, `I am here to see to it that both our careers get a boost from what is going on these days.' 
`What do you mean by boost? I am the next queen, what more can I ask for?'  
`You are the next elected queen and if you are elected like me,' he paused and looked right through her eyes, `You can be replaced just as easily.' He saw the reality dawn in her eyes but she tried to keep her face straight. If Nathan had been talking to Diane he would have been shooting arrows through the dark expecting to hit a target which he would not even know he had hit. With 
Diane he would have been blind but here, he could see clearly when he was getting through or not.  Alice didn't say a thing and so he continued, `I need your help.'  `In what?' she finally asked.  
`You will become the queen in a few months assuming that Diane steps down.'  
`She is going to step down now that I'm here...'  
`Here doing what? You are being treated like another high profile guest in the castle and she is supposed to teach you. What has she taught you?' Alice had no answer. `She has just accepted you here so that she can buy time and continue ruling. She is playing everybody and Victor...' he stopped as he noticed the change in her.  
`What about Victor?' Alice narrowed her eyes at him in anger. But Nathan knew to get her completely under her control he had to be willing to hit hard sometimes.  
`You like him just like every other young woman does. You want to marry him?'  
`I have to marry the best warrior provided that he is not already married.'  
`Yes, but does he feel the same about you?' he didn't wait for an answer as he continued; `You heard that Diane's husband, Eric tried to kill her a few days ago?' 
`Everyone knows.'  
`Have you talked to him about what happened after?' he was leaning back on the chair.  
`It's none of my business.'  
`Well, I took the liberty of doing just that. He said something interesting about what happened when Victor came to give him his sentence?' Alice stared at him stubbornly then she relented and nodded. `He said Victor did something to him. He couldn't move because Victor waved his hand to him and pinned him to the wall after the chains had miraculously dropped from his limbs. Then it was like a hand was squeezing air out of his chest and he couldn't breathe. He knew for sure that he was going to die.'  
`What are you saying?' Alice asked seemingly worried.  
Nathan took his time before saying, `A few months ago I found out something shocking about Victor and only partly shocking about Diane.' Alice was hooked. `Victor is a wizard!' he said.  Alice smiled as if it was a joke. `Wizards don't exist anymore. You must be wrong.'  
`Yes, the story that they have all been hunted down or are dead naturally,' he paused. `I heard Diane say it from her own lips.'  
`But...' she was lost for words. She knew what it meant to have a wizard around. She had after all read the diaries of the other queens. `We have to tell the council,' she started standing up.  
`No.'  
`Why then did you tell me?'  
`I wanted you to talk to your father alone before you inform the council.'  `Why?' she stared at him curiously.  
`Well, I have been considering that for some time now but I think that telling the whole council at the same time will not work.' Alice was about to ask again but Nathan beat him to it. `If they all know at the same time then they will have to deliberate on it before seeing any evidence whatsoever and the delay may just be enough for Diane to cover her tracks.'  `Okay.'  
`I wanted you to tell your father and he will give us the best way to handle it.'  
Alice thought for a long time then said, `What evidence do you have to give if he asks?'  
`Eric will testify to what Victor did to him, I have a spy who will say what he did to Diane whenever he went to see her.'  
`Is that all?' Alice asked unbelievably.  
`No, you can call Gorham and I to testify.'  
`Gorham? Diane has her claws right into him. He would never testify.'  
`He will, maybe not as much as we would like but he will.'  
`Okay, who else?'  
`What do you know about Wendy?' Nathan asked.  
Alice thought. The only Wendy she knew was the one who was Victor's student. `I'm assuming that you are talking about Wendy, Victor's student?'  
`Yes, the one and only.'  
`Well,' she thought some more. `The only things that I know about her is that she is very ambitious and a hard-worker.'  
`Besides Diane, the only other person that he spends so much time with is her. If anyone is to know that he is a wizard, it is her.'  
`How can you be sure that she would know something?' Alice asked him. 
 
`Apparently she has spent four consecutive nights at his house.' Nathan saw Alice's eyes narrow again in anger. `She seems to be the only one who has managed to get close to him.'  
`And if she has become so close to him then how can you be sure that she will say anything about him? The last thing I know someone in love would do is say something to destroy the object of their affection.'  
`You are forgetting that she is very ambitious. If we tell her exactly what she needs to hear then she could say anything in the world.'  
`You are trying to compare ambition to love.'  
`Nobody said that she is in love with him and even if she is I'm sure I can talk to her and change her mind. I am very good at my job.'  
This time he could see that Alice was starting to suspect him of his motives but she didn't say anything. `When do you want me to tell my father?'  
`Today if possible.'  
`Hm,' she said. Then out of nowhere she asks, `What did you find about Diane?'  
`Diane will never step down when Victor is still around.'  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
When Diane was done with Victor she got into her carriage and was taken to Gorham's castle. She found him as usual in the library. He was peering through the books on the table. He didn't 
notice her arrival. She sat some distance away and just watched him until he was finally closing the books. He looked up at her and a smile broke through the tired face. Diane walked to him and kissed him on the forehead and then the lips. 
 He stared at her with nothing to say and she stared back. He eventually stood up and took her in his arms. `Have I ever told you that I always remember our first kiss every time I see you?'  
`No,' she said shaking her head and then she smiled, `When was the first kiss anyway?'  
Gorham squeezed her slightly. `It was right here in the library.'  
`Hmm, it must have slipped my memory.'  
`Liar,' he said as he looked at her and they laughed at how true that was.  
Diane stopped laughing before him and she heard his tired laugh, `You are so tired.'  
`I just need to be with you.'  
`We are going to get some fresh air. This library is stuffy.'  
`Why am I not surprised?' he smiled and took her hand as he led the way out of the library and finally out of the castle. They started to walk toward the huge field. Jared followed but not too close. He was careful to give them privacy. They didn't talk for some time until Diane found a nice spot to sit down. Jared left them and headed back to the castle. They were in clear view from the castle and so there was no need to keep a close watch. Gorham had been watching her throughout and noticed there was something wrong. `You want to talk?' he asked her.  
Diane didn't answer for a long time that Gorham thought that she really didn't want to talk. `You see the stars?' she asked as she looked up.  
`Yes,' he answered.  
`What do you think of them?'  
Gorham looked up again and thought of something to say. He turned to Diane but her eyes were on him. `They are stars, bright and they twinkle.' 
Diane smiled and tilted her head back up. `A wise friend of mine told me something about them a long time ago,' she started, `He said that the stars we see are billions of years far from us. And 
I asked him, what is a billion? Do you know what he told me?'  
`No,' Gorham answered. Instead of looking at the stars he was looking at her. For some strange reason he felt that she was about to reveal to him something big. So he listened and watched her.  
`He told me that a billion was a lot. And then he continues to say that some of them are even dead before we see them.' Her head fell down at this point and she started concentrating on her nails instead. `And others are dead but we continue seeing them. Others are still alive when we see them and then there are those that shine but we can’t see them because they are so far away.'  `Your friend told you this?'  
`Yes.'  
`Do I know him?' Gorham fished.  
`No,' she looked up again. `I really didn't want to come back here.' A tear trickled from her eye and Gorham wiped it. `I tried to do everything I could not to come back and I know it was wrong.' She covered her face in shame as she sobbed.  
Gorham patiently waited then asked, `What was so wrong that you did?'  
She took a deep breath, `I tried to seduce him. Every single night that I had the chance, I tried to get him to sleep with me.' Gorham had enough common sense not to interrupt. `But a wise man he was. He knew what I was up to and maintained a distance from me. If possible we would go into one of the villages and he would put me in a room as he himself spent the night somewhere else. I tried for a long time. Knowing that I was approaching home he came to me and asked, “Why?”' `Why what?' I asked.  
`Why do you want to sleep with me?'  
`I didn't know the answer to that question so I blurted out, `Because I just want to.' He thought my answer was not true and so he told me about the stars. I looked at him like he was crazy. I was asking myself why the story about stars was relevant in this case. I asked him and do you know what he told me?' she looked at him her eyes glistened.  
`No,' Gorham couldn't believe what she was telling him.  
`He said that the past has a way of catching up with the future.'  
`Did you have the right answer?'  
`Yes,' a long pause, `But I didn't tell him.'  
`I'm assuming something happened...'  
`Yes,' she looked away from him but Gorham turned her head back to him but she looked down. `I was right at the edge of the city and could have just walked back in but I hesitated. He told me he knew who I was and I told him I knew who he was. We stared at each other probably wondering the same thing and he came up to me the second time and kissed me. It was an experiment.'  
`An experiment which lead you to his bed?' Gorham asked a bit harshly.  
`No,' she was shaking her head, `The attraction was there. I can't deny it. I wanted him for a lot of different reasons all rolled into one. He was attractive, intelligent, knew almost everything about everything and he wanted me. Most of all he reminded me of you.'  
`You slept with him because he reminded you of me?' Diane didn't answer. `So, did you spend the rest of your time missing with him?'  
`I got pregnant shortly afterward.'  
`He left you?' 
Diane laughed uneasily, `No, he was scared though. He told me I couldn't carry the baby and I was against doing anything against the baby. You should have seen him,' she said and for the first time she really laughed as she remembered:  
`What do you mean you are pregnant?' he was pacing around as Diane was seated down.  
`Henry, I know my body and everything is telling me that I am pregnant. Don't you believe me?'  
Henry sat down opposite her and eyed her curiously, `Don't you know what happens to the women who are impregnated by wizards?'  
`I know Henry. I'm from the Izanami clan.'  
`Then why do you want to keep the baby?' Henry was confused as he searched her face for any answer.  
She stood up and headed to get something to drink. `I want to keep it.'  
Suddenly Henry was behind her and holding her close to his body. He was breathing deeply into her ears. His arms were around her over her abdomen and then one of his hands went lower caressing her thigh slowly leaving Diane wondering what he was up to. He breathed on the skin on her neck and his mouth was trailing her neck as if he wasn't sure if he wanted to kiss her. Her heart was beating very fast and she found her eyes closed. `Tell me why you want to keep the baby?' he whispered in her ear again but she just groaned and turned to him her lips searching his. `Tell me, please,' his voice pleaded with her. Diane found his lips and when she was about to kiss them he pulled back only slightly. He did this several times and Diane got tired of it.  
She sighed and left him standing there then she headed to the kitchen. She came back and found him still standing where she had left him. She looked away from him. He was too good at seducing her. She always ended up wanting him.  
`It is something that you can't tell me.' She didn't answer. `You can't say because you knew when you met me. That was why you were trying to seduce me from the very beginning. You wanted to get pregnant by me.' Though she was not looking at him she could feel his eyes boring into her. He walked to her and turned her head up to his. `You knew the outcome and you wanted it because you wanted to die.'  
`I am tired. I'm going to bed now.'  
Henry didn't try to stop her. She crawled into bed expecting Henry to come to her but he didn't. Several hours later she woke up. The house was quiet. She expected him to have abandoned her but he found him sitting in a dark living room. `I can't let you to die. Not if I have something to do about it.' She heard his voice and followed it to him.  
She was ready to try to convince him about how futile that would be but when she got to him, the floor started glowing in a strange shape and soon they were engulfed in a white bright light. Then she felt the light fading. She opened her eyes and saw that they were in the middle of a forest. `What have you done to my baby?' she panicked and seemed to give in to her fear as she screamed the question again.  
`I've done nothing to the baby,' he assured her. He then led her through the forest and they came to a huge building. She stopped in her tracks as she looked up at it. `Come on,' he urged her. She continued to walk towards it and as they got closer the larger it was. They went to a door which was opened for them.  
`Welcome back, Mr. Clay,' the young man said stepping out of his way. Henry didn't even pause to greet him. He was in and then somewhere along the corridor he stopped and came back to take Diane's hand. And they headed away from the door. Diane was led upstairs and they entered a large room with a huge bed. He started undressing her and when all her clothes had fallen off he did the same to himself and then opened the door to a white room.  
He stepped in and was pulling her in with him. Water poured on her and he was washing her as he did the same to himself. He hurriedly did all this and finally he stopped and stared at her. She was worried about him. `Are you alright?' she asked.  
`Yes.'  
`Where are we?' she asked again holding her hand up and looking at the water falling in her hand. How could it be raining in a house with the roof?  
`We are where most wizards feel at home.' He was quiet for a long time then said, `I will not allow you to die.'  
`Why not?' she asked. Henry didn't answer. He leaned over and kissed her on the lips. He carried her from the bathroom and went to put her on the bed wet as she was. He made love to her slowly and when it was over they stayed in silence.  
`Do you know how old I am?'  
`No.'  
`Almost six hundred now. That is a lot of years Diane. In those years I have fallen in love with women, been with them for the rest of their lives. They either get pregnant and die or they choose not to have the child and they stay barren for the rest of their lives or they choose to leave me.'  
Diane looked at him as he talked. He continued, `You are different Diane, in a way that I cannot explain and I know this because I watched you through the three months that we have been 
together. I try to guess what will happen next with you but I just can't.'  `And that is good?' she asked tracing her fingers on his chest.  
`I know you are not in love with me.' He turned to her but she was not looking at him. `It is so obvious when you are thinking about him. You become lost as if your soul does not exist anymore.'  
`Then why have you stayed with me for so long? Why do you want to keep me alive then?'  
`Because I fell in love with you. I saw you in the battlefield and I saw you look at me knowing exactly who I was. Then you were caught because I was there. I debated if it was wise to come and help you get out for a long time. Then I came and found you sitting in the dungeon waiting for a deal to be made so that they set you free but you knew it would cost your people a lot because you were very important to them.'  
`Yes, that is true.'  
`So you took the opportunity I presented you and you came with me. You did not even act like you knew who I was. Then we kissed. That sealed the fact that I was in love with you.'  
`I'm sorry I don't feel the same way about you.'  
`What do you feel about me then?'  
Their eyes met. `I like you. I am definitely attracted to you but...'  
He put a finger on her lips. `That's all I need to know. I'm a very patient man given that I've lived for six hundred years.' He stood up and brought out some clothes from a closet and put them on. They were like nothing she had ever seen before. He came over to where she was still covered in bed and kissed her on the forehead, `Please stay in bed. I will be right back.' 
 
In the present she turned her head to look at Gorham. He was the most patient man in the world who wasn't a wizard. He hadn't interrupted her at any point in her thought. `Do you want to talk?' she asked him.  
`No,' he said smiling and shaking his head at the same time. `Not really.' Diane put her head on his shoulder and went back to her thoughts.  
Henry took his time and she found that she was slipping in and out of consciousness. She opened her eyes when she heard people in the room. Henry was standing some distance away with another man. When the man saw that she was awake he came next to her. He opened a case that he had been carrying and removed something long which he put around his neck. He said, `Hallo Diane, 
I'm Dr. Ryan and from now on I am going to be the one taking care of you.'  
He put one end of the thing around his neck on his ear as the other end he handled in his hand. He slipped his hand under the covers. Diane looked worriedly at Henry but he wasn't worried and so she just waited. The thing was cold on her skin but she remained still. After sometime he put the thing on her abdomen then waited sometime again. He said, `Well Diane, it seems you are going to have a baby.' He was removing the long thing from her body. Henry came and sat next to her taking her hand.  
`Is she going to be alright?'  
`Yes, you don't have to be worried at least not yet.'  
`Can I be with her?' he asked.  
It took the doctor some extra seconds to understand the question, `Yes, you can be with her. You will just have to start being careful when she starts to show.'  
`Thank you Ryan.' 
`But call when you think there is something wrong. I'll be here as fast as I can.' He then smiled sadly at Diane as if knowing her doom was imminent. He left them alone.  
The first trimester was smooth and she moved around a lot. She explored the house. She was taken shopping and bought more clothes. She also had a look at baby clothes which she had never seen before. She was taken by the technology she encountered. Henry's house was the biggest she had ever seen but she was forced to re-evaluate that assessment as she saw towering buildings in the city.  
The doctor would come once a month to check her and would leave her with the same strange smile. Henry no longer came to oversee the doctor’s work as he was very worried that he would find something wrong. He bought all the equipment that would have been needed. They turned one of the rooms into a maternity ward and the doctor was really impressed by the concern that Henry had for her. He was told that he would be a resident of the building for some time and he planned to refuse but the only two other people that he had seen in the building had told him not to.  
`Mr. Clay is a very persistent man and should you refuse you'd wish you hadn't,' the man had told him.  
`I'm a doctor who has other patients who need my attention. I can't always be looking after her.'  
`Dr. Ryan, we would seriously like that you think about it again. Mr. Clay is worried about her. That is new for us. We have never seen him care this much for someone,' the woman was the one who said.  
`What do you mean by that?'  
`Mr. Clay is powerful in ways that you can't even imagine. He can do anything he wants and please don't let yourself be …' she didn't finish. She would give this stranger too much and that would have her breach the contract that she had signed. She left her husband to deal with him. They didn't want to see anyone hurt at the end of this.  
`Your wife...'  
`She is very concerned of your life as she is normally with everyone else.'  
`Mr. Clay can get another doctor. A better one than me. He can certainly afford it.'  
`Dr. Ryan, please have a seat,' they both sat down. `Don't see my boss as just someone with a lot of money. That would be your first mistake. My boss has a way of investing in everything that he does. Having you here is probably part of the master plan. He didn't bring you here because you are the second best, he brought you here because you are the most likely person to understand his need of privacy and what is happening to his… Diane. You are here because you are the most likely person who is able to help her. '  
`That all may be true but it doesn't change the fact...'  
He was interrupted again. He didn't think that the servants would be very concerned as to put the doctor down and have a talk about their boss. `You aren't getting what am saying, Dr. Ryan. You are here because you are the only one who can help. If you will help him then he will be very grateful and he will pay you back handsomely.' The man left him there alone to contemplate. He decided that having a rich man as a friend would be worth it. He did his best not to have many patients and when it was time to move in he re-assigned them to other doctor requesting an emergency leave.  
Diane was starting to have problems with the pregnancy though he went over every data he could but she was normal. Henry, as usual, was waiting in his office and Ryan went to inform him of his findings.  
`There is nothing wrong with her or the baby.' 
`But she's having problems...'  
`Yes, and I can't explain them. I've gone through every single book I could but can't find any references to the problems she's having.'  
`Then do the tests again. You must have missed something.'  
`I've repeated them three times and I still come up with the same results.'  
`Do you have any ideas?' Henry asked in a defeated voice. Ryan stared at the man who was always in control. He thought of something that he could try.  
`Maybe she doesn't want the baby,' Ryan said.  
Henry looked at him sharply. `That is the one thing that she is sure of.'  
`Sir, she could say that she wants the baby but she is not mentally prepared for it. It is said that seventy-five percent of the body problems start at the mind. We think it, we experience it.'  
`How would you change that?'  
`I would suggest hiring a psychologist...'  
`No, no one is going to probe her mind. She has dark secrets that cannot be uttered.'  
`Then how do you want it to be done?'  
He saw Henry in deep thought. The latter dismissed him. He continued sitting in his office for almost two hours doing nothing then he was up and heading to Diane's room. She was awake reading through a book. He sat down opposite her on the bed and took her in a trance where she met her spirits. They were two and they were arguing on who was going to take care of the child that was crying. She went and took the child and then they turned to her introducing themselves. By the time she came out of it she had arranged a routine that suited both of them then she woke up. Henry was watching her. She smiled at him and said, `Everything is fine.'  
The doctor noticed the change in her. She smiled more and was more comfortable with her surroundings. It was only when he saw her shooting arrows at a target that he started wondering who she really was. He went down the stairs and then outside where she was. She turned to him and smiled. `You are doing fine this morning.'  
`Yes, I decided I needed to try the arrows again given that it's been a long since I tried them.'  
`Really,' he said looking at the target which had arrows right at the middle. `You are perfect at it.'  
`No,' she said holding the bow up with an arrow on it. `I can still feel my hand trembling.' She brought her hand down. `I'm still hesitating and that is not good.'  
`What did you do?'  
`What do you mean?'  
`Before you got pregnant, what did you do?'  
`Oh, I lead my people.'  
`Did you kill people?' he asked remembering Henry told him she had dark secrets.  
`Yes,' she raised the bow again and aimed it. `We are always at war.' She let go of the arrow and another perfect shot according to Ryan but she was frowning.  
`That was not good?'  
`I hesitated.' She turned to him and then smiled mischievously. `Could you go get me the arrows?' Ryan went then came back handing the arrows to Diane. She handed him the bow. `Let me see if you can do it.' Ryan tried to resist but she was very good at persuasion. He found himself pulling the string with an arrow on it. He was about to let go when Diane said, `Relax, you can close your eyes if you wish.' She then adjusted the elevation of his arms and head. Then she said, `Let go.' He let go without a single thought in his mind. He almost missed the target.  
`Wow,' he said smiling. That was the first try and he hit a target. `You can be a very good teacher.'  
`I am a good teacher. I have to be,' she turned and saw Henry heading their way. She waited for him to get to them and brushed her lips over his. `You came to join us.'  
`I saw you were trying to recruit a new member to your team,' he said as he felt her bulging stomach.  
Ryan turned to him, `You should try it, sir. It is exhilarating when you do it right.' He handed the bow to him. Henry took the container holding the arrows and put it on his back and put one arrow on the bow string. He took his time and aimed then he let go and took another arrow and without thinking put another arrow and then another.  
Ryan's jaw dropped as he watched all the arrows hit the center of the target. Diane was saying, 
`Show off.'  
`Yes I am.' he turned to Ryan, `You are right. It is exhilarating. Keep practicing though you'll get good at it.' He left Ryan with the bow and arrows as he led Diane back to the house. From then Ryan had a new hobby; archery.  
Diane found herself dosing in Gorham's arm. He stood up and lifted her and took her back to the castle to his bed. She didn't let go of him and Gorham thought that she was not asleep. He slipped in bed next to her overwhelmed by sleep.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Alice having gone to talk to her father she was told that everything would move very fast. She went back and informed Nathan. The following day everything would come crumbling down on Diane and Victor. Very early in the morning Nathan was driven to Wendy's house. She was alone in the house since her housemates were at work. She stared at him as though he wasn't really there and ignored him for a few more minutes.  
`Miss Summer,' Nathan interrupted her thoughts. `I want to talk to you.'  
She frowned, `I was hoping that if I ignored you long enough you would disappear.' She went to sit down. Nathan's guards were in the house which made it seem very small. `What do you want?' she asked.  
`I want your help?' he said but didn't see a reaction from her. `I need some information that only you can tell me.'  
`Everything about me is in a file that is in King Gorham's castle.'  
`That is true but the information that I need is not about you.' Again no reaction. She reminded him so much of Diane. `I need information on Victor Raymond.'  
Then there was a reaction a strike of uncertainty flashed across her eyes. `What would make you think that I know something about him that would help you in whatever way?'  
`He is very close to you unlike anyone else.'  
`He is close to the queen, why not ask her.'  
`She has a very strong reserve on him. She hasn't talked about him in five years that he has been here, she won't talk even now.'  
`And you think I know something because...?'  
`Because he spent some time every day of the last three months with you and recently you spent four consecutive nights in his house. You must have noticed something.'  
`If maybe you'd give me a clue as to what you want perhaps I could help,' her voice was tired. 
She just wanted them to leave her alone and go back to sleep. 
 `I would like to know everything, Miss Summer.'  
`Well, your Majesty, Victor doesn't like to cook. He drinks a lot but not enough to get drunk. He doesn't talk about other people let alone himself. But he did tell me however that he was not having an affair with the queen and yes, I don't think he sleeps.' She yawned.  
`What exactly did he say about the affair with the queen?'  
Wendy put her head back and closed her eyes, `I asked him about it and he said it was not true and then I asked if he had ever kissed her but he said he hadn't then he said that she had kissed him but that was a misunderstanding.'  
`Why did you ask him these questions?'  
`I was curious like everyone else.'  
`What happened during your stay at his house?'  
`He helped me relax, that's all,' she said. If her eyes were open she would have noticed the eyebrows of everyone else in the room rise.  
`Did he sleep with you?' Nathan asked.  
`No,' she said as it seemed she was slipping into sleep. `I wished though that he did but he didn't.'  
`Did he do anything else to you?'  
The room was so quiet as no one spoke. For a moment Nathan feared that she hadn't heard him and was asleep. `No,' she answered in a very low voice. She fell on the chair putting herself comfortably in it preparing to sleep.  
`Miss Summer, I'm not done with the questioning.'  
Wendy suddenly opened her eyes and sat up. `I don't see if I can help you with anything else, Your Majesty,' she said in a cold voice.  
Nathan realized that he was done with the questioning since now she wasn't going to answer anymore. He stood up but Wendy just stared at him without moving. `You will be required to appear in front of the council when summoned.'  
`I will do that.'  
Nathan walked to the door. He turned once more to look at her but she had placed herself on the chair and was asleep. In Nathan's opinion dealing with her was worse than dealing with Diane given that this was a mere low class citizen. It was insubordination in the highest form. He decided that after dealing with Diane, Victor and Gorham, he would come and destroy her.  
The council met early in the morning. They had heard Eric's testimony about what happened in the cell. He had also gone ahead and explained what he saw when he was sure he had killed Diane. He brought her back to life. This caused the council to call on one of the guards who had been there and they confirmed the story.  
Diane and Gorham were summoned to appear in front of the council. They came separately 
Gorham arriving first. He looked at the council and noticed that Alice had already taken Diane's seat. 
He frowned at this. He was asked questions regarding Diane admitting that Victor was a wizard. He agreed to this knowing that Nathan had already said it. He did tell them though that he didn't know anything else about him.  
His relationship with Diane came under questioning and that brought doubt to everything that he had said. They knew he knew more but plainly refused to tell them. When he went to sit down on his chair he saw the queen's weapon that had been used to kill the wizards a long time ago. 
It was just next to Alice's father. He looked away.  
Diane arrived next. The first thing she saw was the weapon on the curved long table. She stopped short in her steps then continued more slowly until the center of the room and stood waiting. 
She didn't even turn to her chair which Alice was comfortably sitting on. The questioning began.  `For how long have you known that Victor Raymond is a wizard?'  
`Since I met him.'  
`And when was this?'  
`Roughly five years ago.'  
`Why did you bring him here?'  
`Because I needed him.'  
`How?'  
`The rejuvenating breathe.'  
`You are a sworn enemy to him. Why did you abandon your vow?'  
`Because the vow was made by my ancestors who failed to realize that they are not our enemy. We are our own worst enemies. I thought that I would bring my people to see it the way I see it.'  
`He is a danger to everyone near him.'  
`No, he isn't.'  
`How many has he killed?'  
`He only kills when my life is in danger.'  
`The number in the records is a lot...'  
`Because I changed them to be able to promote him and have him close to me.'  
`We have witnesses that say he brought you back to life.'  
`So you want to prosecute him because he saved my life?'  
`No one is supposed to come back from the dead, Diane.'  
`I wasn't dead yet.'  
`Why is he here?'  
`Because I asked him to come.' 
`You don’t understand the question. Why is he here?'  
`Oh! He is here because it is the return I get for sparing his life.'  
`Why is he interested in Wendy Summer?'  
Diane was not expecting this. She thought the questioning would center on her, Victor and maybe Gorham. `I don't know,' she hesitated as she answered but the council noticed.  `She spent four nights at his house.'  
`I wasn't aware.'  
`Nothing goes on without your knowledge.'  `This one did.'  
`We have sent guards to her house as we speak. You may not talk but I wonder how much she would say after going through the interrogation techniques that you invented.'  
Diane's jaw dropped in disbelief. Gorham was about to stand up but the door busted open and 
Victor walked in heading straight to Diane. He bowed before he said, `You called me your Highness?' From the corner of his eyes he saw Alice's father raise the weapon. He shot at him but Victor raised his hand to stop the continuous flow of fire like light.  
Diane turned to him, `You have to take her now. They are about to arrest her and they will put her through the worst for her to say something.'  
`What about you?'  
`It's time. Now go.' She turned back to the laser and summoned all her strength. A strong wind blew pushing back the light. Victor left. She was not strong enough to hold it back forever. Her strength was failing her. She barely heard the shouting that was going on. Her ears were ringing and she felt as if her head would explode. Then she could not hold back anymore. She felt the force push her back and she was thrown to the wall behind her. Then there was silence. 
 Gorham showed up from nowhere and was holding her. His lips were moving but she could not hear what he was saying. Tears started rolling from his eyes and she reached up and wiped them. She whispered, `I love you.' Then she closed her eyes. Her head fell back. He shook her hard hoping that she was just asleep and she would wake up but he knew she was gone.  
He held her head next to his chest and rocked her as the tears freely flowed from his eyes. He brushed her hair back as he continued to hope. Then someone came to take his arms. He looked up and saw Jared. He looked back down at Diane's body. She wasn't coming back. She had been saying goodbye to him and even if she could come back she wouldn't come back to him. That one week had been farewell. He kissed her on the forehead and said his goodbye. He was about to stand up when he noticed the white color of the hair fading away as it was replaced with her natural brown.  
She was gone completely. Gorham looked around and noticed that the council room had been deserted. They were probably in the inner chamber but Gorham didn't feel like confronting anyone. 
He walked out escorted by Jared. He was taken home.  
In the inner chamber there was an argument going on. The rest of the council members had turned against Alice's father.  
`What the hell did you think you were doing? You killed the queen!'  
`She put herself in the way. She was protecting the wizard. She probably deserved to die.'  
`That may be true but it was not your call to make. We make the decisions together.'  `I tried to stop it. It wouldn't.'  
`Because only the queens are supposed to use the weapon. You had no right to handle it.' 
The next in command, vice chancellor Aaron said, `I propose you step aside from leading this council.' He was seconded and a vote took place. Simon was no longer the council head by majority vote.  
`What about my daughter?'  
`We cannot replace her. She is the one we chose to be the next queen and it was a unanimous vote.'   	 	 	 	 	* 
Victor went straight to his horse and rode away from the council hall. He did not look back as he knew what would happen next. He had performed several rituals the previous night in preparations with what would come next. As he approached Wendy's home he saw that she was being dragged out of the house. She tried to resist but they were too many. Victor raised his bow loaded with an arrow and shot. He was aiming at their right shoulders so that they could not take up arms. He did that several times and finally Wendy was free. She stared at him as he came to a stop as the others did.  
`What's going on?' she asked looking up at him shielding her eyes from the afternoon sun.  `I have orders to take you to safety.'  `Orders from whom?' she asked.  
`Do you want to come or not?' he asked. Wendy thought for a moment then nodded. Victor stretched his hand out for her and he lifted her up as soon as she took it. She put her arms around him and they started to ride away. She looked back and saw the small group rising from the ground watching them go. She turned back and looked at where they were going. After some time she realized they were heading outside the city. She had questions but decided to wait until they stopped and that was a long wait for by the time they stopped they were well into a forest. 
 Victor put her down then dismounted. He removed the saddle and the bridle from the horse and slapped it hard. He took her hand and led her through the forest to an abandoned house. He kicked the door in and it broke. He then drew something in the middle of the living room. Wendy watched curiously but by the way that he was concentrating she saw best to just watch. He came and pulled her to the center then told her to close her eyes, which she didn't. The drawing on the ground glowed then a bright white light engulfed them. A few seconds later the light died and the drawing on the ground erased itself.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Gorham was left in private in his study. Jared didn't allow anyone into the room. He was just thoughtful. Diane was dead. She had died in the hands of her own people and Victor was gone. If he brought her back to life then he could have done so again but then she wasn't meant to die then. He didn't know what was happening outside and he didn't care. But when there was a knock at his door and Jared opened it he knew something big was indeed happening.  
`Sir,' he said afraid that he had intruded. But Gorham was looking expectantly at him. `There is news that Diane's body just vanished.'  
`She is dead, Jared, whether her body vanishes or not does not make a difference.'  `Yes, sir.' he was about to leave but he was called back.  
`Send someone to retrieve her diary.'  
`Yes, sir.' Jared went away though barely an hour later he came back with more bad news. `Sir,' he interrupted Gorham's thoughts again. `The diary,' pause, `the council got to it before we did.'  
`Is that all?' 
`No, sir,' again another worried pause, `They opened it and found that it was empty.'  `Where is it now?' he asked getting up.  
`It is still at Diane's castle so is the rest of the council.'  
They went to the castle and found everyone in a large room that was considered the conference room. The diary was on the table and everyone was still arguing. They were suddenly quiet when Gorham entered the room. Nathan and Alice were sitting opposite each other. They both stood up but Gorham was not paying attention to them. He went straight to the diary and picked it up. He opened the first page. It was addressed to him and it seemed to have been written the previous day.  
 
Dear Gorham,  
It is a pity that you had to read my diary and my mother's but I am glad it is you who are reading it. My diary! You must know that I am gone. I'm sorry I didn't spend much time with you but I want you to know that you were the most important person to me and the one that my heart will always belong to.  
The diary I'm afraid contains a lot and you may probably hate me at some point but I tried to really tell you how I felt and why I made some decisions. You have the right to remove whichever parts that you feel will be inappropriate. By the way, Victor took Wendy to her father. I told you she was really special.  
Love Diane.  
 
Gorham looked up and found everyone looking at him. They all wanted to know what he had seen but didn't have the guts to ask. He closed the book. `You can call off the search on Victor. He has gone back to where he came from.'  
`He took Wendy with him,' someone said.  
Gorham looked at him, `You threatened to interrogate her. What did you expect would happen?'  
`Who is Wendy to Victor?'  
Gorham looked defeated. He sighed before he said, `I will have to read the diary and see how much I can tell.'  
`The diary was blank.'  
`Victor must have done something to it to enable only me to read it.' He then left them and went back to his own castle already opening the first few pages. She had indeed started writing it before her coronation. Initially she wrote too much information about what happened to her. She had first seen him at the party they had gone to when they were teenagers but since her mother was watching her closely she had not gone to talk to him. Then there were other things which he already knew. She was always practicing, honing her skills. Then came the day at the library when they met a second time. It was exactly as she had said it would be.  
His eyes skimmed through the diary. He looked for specific words. He got to the part where she was supposed to get married and she had come to him for advice. He remembered he didn't have anything to tell her. He told her that it was a duty to her people to follow in the traditions. She did cry and told him she was not ready. That she loved someone else and would even elope with him if he wished it too. Gorham didn't want that. He thought she was in love with someone else other than him. He got jealous of the unnamed man who had stolen his beloved maiden's heart.  
He preferred that she be married to someone that she did not love than the one she loved. He then told her she had no choice but to do as she was told. After sometime of contemplating she stood up and went and kissed him. It was a first kiss and a passionate one. She left him alone in the library wondering what he had done. He was the one she had wanted to marry.  
He shook his head and focused on the book before him. She wished that he had told her not to go through with the wedding. She wished he had known that she loved him and she blamed him for not seeing it. She blamed him for the pain she felt that first night with Eric and she blamed him for a lot of things after that. He got to the part where she was getting ready for the battle before she disappeared for two whole years.  
He needed something strong to drink. He tried to be ready for what he would read but was not. He drank a second cup then another cup and finally came back to sit on the desk. She wrote the next part after she had come back.  
She was distracted in the battlefield. Her extra senses detected a wizard around. She found herself looking at him and didn't see the person coming behind her. She was knocked unconscious and captured. She stayed within their dungeons for almost a month before the wizard opened the door and let himself in. he told her of how he thought she should not be behind bars and then helped her escape. He also had promised to take her back home claiming that since she wasn't awake when she was taken captive she didn't know the way back home. 
 She went with him and after sometime she started to realize that she didn't want to come home. There was just sadness and a husband who didn't have any affection for her. All he wanted was to sire the next queen. Her attention came back to her hero. His name was Henry. He didn't say the second name but she later found out that he was called Henry Clay. He was handsome, intelligent and a wizard. Then she started seducing him. She wanted him to make her pregnant and then she would die carrying the baby. It was the only way she could think of dying.  
But Henry was quite disciplined. He knew what she was up to and always avoided putting himself in situations where she could get to him. Then came the point where they were about to part ways when they confessed about who they were he came to her and kissed her. She did cry when that happened. Not because she was sad but she was glad that at least one person wanted her. He always made love to her with his thoughts only on how to please her. He kissed her like she was the sweetest thing in the world and held her like she was the most precious thing he had and wouldn't want to lose.  
Then she got pregnant and Henry did not understand what she wanted initially but he was intelligent. He heard what she wouldn't let herself say out loud. She wanted to die. He then took her to his world. It was a beautiful place with rain falling in the house and everything was beautiful. She got to travel by carriages that moved on their own and saw buildings that were ten times higher than her castle. It was a beautiful place.  
Then he brought her one of their healers. She saw wonderful things. She saw her baby before she was born. That made her remember the stars that shine but we can't see them yet. Henry was so caring that sometimes she forgot he was a wizard. She was sure she was falling in love with him but she didn't say anything. Then time came to give birth and the healer said she couldn't give birth the normal way. They cut her open and brought out the baby then they sawed her together again.  
Gorham was certainly mad at this. How could Diane let them do this to her? Cutting up a live human body and putting her together again was inhuman. Maybe even the work of demons. He tried to remember if he saw any scar on her but he hadn't been looking for anything when he was with her. He tore out that page and threw it in the fire.  
It took him the whole night to get through the diary. He only went through the important parts on her relationship with Henry the wizard. By morning he had an idea of what he would go and tell the council. He had a short rest but didn't let the diary out of his sight. He kept it in a safe place where he kept his most valued documents. He was then taken to the council. He tried to look normal but everyone knew that sooner or later he was going to break. His love for Diane was close to an obsession but then what is love but a controlled obsession for someone else.  
The council were waiting patiently but the personality of Diane herself would have made anyone curious of what she had kept secret all these years. So when one of them spoke up demanding to know what was in the diary the others agreed with him.  
`Diane had a lot of secrets,' Gorham started. `Ones that she kept because she didn't think that our society would approve.' He narrowed his eyes at the council sitting before him. `She lived two worlds and I must say she lived a full life.'  
`What did you read from the diary?' someone else asked.  
`To be honest I don't know what she would have wanted me to tell you.'  `But...' 
Gorham held up his hand to stop him. `But,' he continued, `It is not her decision but mine. I skimmed the diary and got some things which were meant for the council to acknowledge. You are anxious to hear what I have to say but I have to tell it my way so I implore you to be patient.'  
Then he started the lecture. `Diane started her life as an enthusiastic young woman and I know that was what drew me to her. She loved her life as far as the diary started. She lost sight of that at some point and was just living her life for her people, her children and I suppose me. It is no secret that she never at any time felt anything more for her husband than duty. She saw that as her duty but it took her time to accept this.  
She admitted this when she was missing for almost two years... I will get back to this later. About Victor,' he sighed. `Victor had no interest whatsoever in our world. As far as I can tell his world is more accepting than ours and seems to be more interesting...'  `Which world is this?' someone interrupted.  
`Diane starts by saying how the buildings were ten times taller than ours. The roads were made of a continuous relatively smooth stone and some were wide enough for our ten carriages to travel on at the same pace. Their carriages moved on their own without any animals. That is all she said about the world.  
`She said that Victor didn't even want to come here in the first place but that his interest was that his master would teach him the old age practices. He was sent to be close to Diane and watch her. 
He was supposed to breathe unto her the rejuvenating breath whenever she needed it.'  `Why?' the head of the council asked.  
`She was dying and she had known it for half of her life. She did not step in front of the weapon to protect Victor but to allow him to do one final thing that he had come to do. During the time that she was missing, she met a wizard, not Victor. Another one.'  
`She must have been a real traitor...'  
`That is outrageous...'  
`Complete slander to her ancestors...'  
`Two wizards?'  
`How many others?'  
The voices asked or said each wanting to be heard above the others. Gorham shouted, `Enough!' His voice thundered in the room. They felt the earth tremble underneath their feet. Everyone stopped and watched Gorham reign in his emotions. Gorham was partly `of earth' and also partly `of fire'. It was suspected that he was also partly `of water' but no one knew for sure. They were all different characters which made them all wonder how he really was in his mind.  
But they were sure the earth character was what stabilized him and allowed him to be so controlled. The fire would make him a passionate man though they had never seen that side of him beside in books. It was only when he was with Diane intimately that it came out. The water character would have made him an easy person to new ideas. One who could accept others as they were.  
Now the earth had trembled because he was angry. They had no right to start assuming things when he was the only one who had read the diary and they had no right as he was the one who actually lost Diane because of them. The room was quiet as Gorham took several deep breathes to relax himself but he saw it was pointless. He would start an earthquake if he stayed in that room for more than necessary.  
`Yes, there were two wizards. The first met Diane when she was captured but they had seen each other during the battle. He thought that it was his fault that she got captured and he helped her escape.' 
He saw the unsure facial expressions. `She was being brought back but she didn't want to come back.' He was speaking fast. `She wanted to die but doing that to herself would bring shame to her family and so she encouraged their relationship to grow until they were not just friends. She got pregnant and had a child.'  
`Lies, she would have died...' the tremor increased.  
`She had a child, a girl who was given to another family to raise as their own. Victor was here to take the child back to her father who would teach her to control her powers and Victor having learned about the administration from her then he would teach the child all she needed to know. Wendy Summer was Queen Diane's daughter and the legal heir to her throne.' He spun round and was out of the door before the `earthquake' erupted in the room.  
He was out of the door and going out of hall. Jared was running after him. He got to the street when he squatted down and touched the ground. Jared saw the ground crack from where he had touched until up the street. People cleared the street as they saw the cracking and folding of the ground coming at them. Then Gorham sat down relieved. He looked up at Jared and said, `You know I just stopped an earthquake.' It wasn't a question.  
`You are very powerful sir,' Jared was awestruck.  
`Well,' he stood up and dusted his hands. `That is why I am king. We need to get back to the castle. I have work to do.'  
`Yes, sir,' Jared said with as he nodded his head. He looked back at the council hall and could hear the argument all the way outside. Whatever Gorham had told them was causing chaos but that was none of his business.  
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER FOUR
 
Wendy was disoriented as she did not know where they were and what was happening to her body. It was all feverish and sweaty. She was also light headed which meant that Victor had to have a strong grip on her otherwise she was going to go down. She held her head as she was led through the forest where they were. They appeared at a clearing and Wendy stopped short in her step. She looked at the tall building before her but her head felt like someone was drumming in it. Victor supported her as he gently pulled her to the house. The door was opened as if they were expected and Charles the butler stared at the two shocked beyond words. He stepped out of the way as he greeted Victor.  
`Welcome Master Raymond.'  
`Call Dr. Ryan. Tell him to come immediately,' Victor ordered as he led Wendy up the stairs.  
`Yes, sir,' he answered as he followed them with his eyes. Raymond was holding the girl with his bare hands and she wasn't dying out as the others normally did. Raymond was almost like a son to Mr. Clay which meant that he too could not touch one without the one being touched feeling that their life was being drained.  
He went to Mr. Clay's office and looked through the cards on the Rolodex. He found Dr Ryan's number and dialed it. A receptionist answered the phone.  
`Matter Hospital, how may we help you?'  
`I would like to speak to Dr. Ryan please.'  
`I'm sorry, Dr. Ryan is busy at the moment I could refer you to another doctor.'  `No, just tell him to come on the phone it's an emergency.'  `Who should I tell him is calling?' the voice sounded tired.  
`Tell him Mr. Henry Clay is calling. Please hurry.' The phone was put on hold. The receptionist took her time. She went to the lavatory then talked to some of the people who she had missed in the morning. By the time she got to Dr. Ryan it was well over twenty minutes.  
`Excuse me, sir,' she said as she approached him. He was moving from one patient to another. He looked up at her and frowned. She had left her desk. But he listened. `There has been a call for you. It's an emergency.'  
`Dana, if everyone tells you that it's an emergency. Do you go running to every other doctor?'  
`No, it was my break and I thought I should come and inform you personally.'  
`Did they at least tell you what the emergency was?' he asked giving up the fight. She always said that she was on a break.  
`No,' she saw the frown coming back. She quickly added, `He said the name was Henry Clay.' As soon as she said the name she saw the change on Ryan's face. It was fear or something close to it.  
`When did the call come in?' he asked already putting aside the charts.  
`A few minutes ago,' she said. They were walking back to the reception area. He picked up the receiver as Dana pressed the hold button. All Dana could do know was watch as Ryan didn't say much.  
`Charles, yes, we met.'  
`Well, a friend of Mr. Clay wants your services. He came in with a woman who was feverish and looked quite sick. He suggested I call you.'  
`She is not like him, is she?' Ryan asked brushing his thinning hair.  
`I don't know, but I don't think so. You should come.'  
`Who is she?'  
`I've never seen her before but then Master Raymond hasn't ever brought anyone here before. 
She must be important.' 
`I'll be there in thirty minutes max.' He hang up and turned to Dana. `Get Dr. Welch to cover my patients. I'm going out for awhile.' He didn't wait for a reply. He was gone.  
The ride to Mr. Clay's house was a very short one given that he couldn't even remember how he got there. His mind was full of thought. He remembered the last time he was actually summoned to the Clay residence and it wasn't because of a medical situation but a financial one. He had been rewarded well by Mr. Clay after helping deliver Diane's baby. She was a strange woman but he never really got to know anything much about her. Then one day she and the baby just disappeared like that. Mr. Clay was away for almost a full year. When he came back he summoned Ryan and gave him enough financial support to start his own hospital.  
A long time passed then again he was summoned again. Mr. Clay didn't like the fact that his business wasn't doing well. He liked to keep tabs on the things he made happen. Ryan was helped to set up a better business plan and make a partnership with all the right people. Ryan was grateful and that is why now that he was summoned, though not by Mr. Clay he felt obliged to respond as fast as possible.  
Charles came out just as he parked his black jaguar. He was led upstairs where he was led to a room and found Victor leaning over a body on the bed. He was wiping her forehead with a wet cloth. Victor stood up and gave the doctor space. Ryan came over to the figure and was surprised to see that he recognized her. She hadn't aged a day since the time that he had seen her last.  
`It's good to see you again, Diane,' he said as he put his case down.  
`This isn't Diane,' Victor said. He had taken Henry's place pacing in the room. `She is Diane's daughter, Wendy.' 
Ryan smiled as he saw that the child who had been such a problem to the mother had grown up to be a woman. `Okay Wendy, I'm Dr Ryan and I'm here to find out what is wrong.'  
Wendy stirred. She was incoherent. She was sure she heard something that she was Diane's daughter but Victor knew she wasn't. Why then would he say that? She looked at the man at the edge of the bed. She tried to move away mumbling, `Nothing's wrong.' She couldn't even hear her own voice but apparently Victor heard her.  
`You aren't fine Wendy, let the doctor find out what is wrong,' Victor's voice sounded like he was in the next room. She was too tired to try to argue with him on this. She therefore closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep forgetting what was happening around her.  
`How long has she had the symptoms?' Ryan asked.  
`What symptoms?'  
`The high temperature and the fever.'  
`The fever started today, I don't know about the high temperature.' Victor paused, `Is it important?'  
`Not so much as the tests would confirm my theory. I think that she has an infection but without much to go on I will have to test for the likely ones if I knew where she is from,' Ryan fished. He saw Victor frown.  
`I don't think that is important.'  
`Then tell me if you noticed anything different about her as of the last few days,' Ryan said gesturing about as if he's out of options.  
Victor thought, `She has been very tired.'  
`Getting up later than she normally did and sleeping a lot?'  
`Yes.'  
`Anything else?'  
`I don't know.'  
Ryan raised his eyebrow, `Aren't you close to her?' 
`No.'  
`Okay,' he sighed, `I will have to draw some blood and see what she is suffering from.'  
`You will do the tests yourself and destroy the documents as soon as you are done with them?'  `I know the procedure.'  
Victor exited as Ryan was looking for a syringe. Charles was also in the room but hadn't said a thing. He watched Victor go. `You know her?' he asked the doctor.  
`Yes, I delivered her from her mother.'  
`I thought she did look familiar.'  
`Almost twenty years ago. The first time I actually came here. You weren't here.'  
`Oh, I remember. We were sent away to live at the other villa that he owned. I opened the door to her mother and Mr. Clay,' Charles said coming close to look at her. Ryan injected her and drew blood. He then put it in his case and stood up.  
`I'll be back in about two hours with the results.' He let himself out. Charles was left alone. He went to her and whipped the sweat from her forehead. The door opened again and Victor walked in. Charles thought of leaving but Victor had changed clothes and was adjusting the cufflinks. Charles didn't know where he got them from but he didn't ask.  
He walked in confidently as always and looked at Wendy's image before he said, `I have to go contact Mr. Clay.'  
`He will be coming then?'  
`Yes. Dr Ryan is supposed to do whatever possible to make her better.'  
`What if she wakes up and asks for you?' 
Victor thought, `Tell her I have gone on a quest and will be back in a few days. Should the question about Diane arise, you should tell her that she came by a long time ago but under no circumstances tell her that her mother is Diane.'  
`Very well sir.' And he left again. After a long time Greta came in to the room. She was walking in cautiously because she didn't know what to expect. Charles looked up at her.  
`Who is she?' she asked.  
`Don't know but it seems she will be staying with us for some time.'  
`Mr. Clay is coming?'  
`Yes, Master Victor has gone to fetch him.'  
`Did you tell him about Tim?' she asked sounding worried.  
`No,' he said as he turned to Wendy who was still asleep. `She will need proper attire. Get 
Mercy to go buy some new ones. She loves to shop.'  
`How will she know which ones the girl would prefer?'  
`Tell her she is shopping for herself. They are probably the same size.'  
`Yes,' the anxious pause, `When will he come? I need time to convince Tim to go to his father's without arousing any suspicion.'  
`He likes it here?'  
`Very much. He says the swimming pool is the best part.'  
`Okay then, get to it.'  
It was exactly two hours when Ryan came back. Charles was waiting and escorted the doctor upstairs.  
`How has she been since I left?'  
`Not any better but not worse also.' 
`Ah, the same as I had presumed when I got the results for her blood work. Where's Victor?'  
`He left some time after you did.'  
`Well, if my assumptions are correct then I don't think that we need to worry about her at all. 
Her immune system is doing the job for her. Her white blood cell count has increased tremendously.'  
`I was told that you were to do whatever possible to make her better.'  
`But in this case doing nothing will be much better. If we give her something we don't know how she will react to it in the final run. She will be fine in two or three days.'  
`But you will do whatever you can?'  
`Of course.'  
They started to walk back to the front door. `Dr. Ryan, forgive my intrusion on this aspect but 
I don't believe that I really met Diane, you say?'  
`Oh, when I came here, I only met two people.'  
`Jacob and his wife. They didn't join us at the summer house. So who's the father?'  
`That, I don't know. I would have said that it was Mr. Clay's but then you are never too sure about that, are you?'  
`Not with Mr. Clay, no.'  
The following day Wendy woke up and for the first time took notice of her surroundings. She was nude underneath the covers which surprised her because she didn't remember removing her cloths. In fact, she didn't remember much. She looked at the huge room she was in. The bed was large enough for three people to sleep in and the covers were made from a very soft material something that she had never seen before. She sat up not covering herself since she was obviously alone. The room was beautiful. She doubted whether the queen's room looked half as good as this.  
She stepped out of the bed and turned to take the sheet to cover herself. She stood up straight and for a second felt faint but the episode passed. She walked around exploring the room. She must have died because everything seemed too good to be true. She pressed a switch and was surprised when the lights came on then she switched it off again. She did this several times until something else caught her eye. The mirrors were so clear not like the once she had or had seen before in other places.  
After finishing with the room she went and opened a door and looked out. It was a long corridor. She didn't still know if she should go out but then where did the other door lead to. She closed the first door and went to the second one. It was a white room. She wondered how they kept it white like that. She walked to the first bowl hanging on the wall and then the second huge bowl connected to the floor, studying them intensely. She touched the gray things and water came out she realized. All she had to do was figure out how to turn them.  
She went to the shower area where, standing right in the middle, she opened the shiny gray thing. Water came to her from all the directions drenching her in two seconds but by then she had already let out a scream and was running out of it she almost fell at one point but managed to stay steady until she got to the main room where she found a slightly older woman was standing turned to face her.  
`Miss Wendy, I was expecting you to still be in bed.' Wendy didn't answer. `Are you feeling alright?' she asked. Wendy nodded. `My name is Greta, and I'm here to tell you whatever you need to know.' 
Wendy put out her hand to her and saw her hesitate but she took her hand anyway. `Nice to meet you Miss Greta.'  
`There is no use of the word Miss.'  
`Mrs. then?'  
`No, what I mean is that you can only call me Greta.'  
Wendy let go of her hand as she thought then said, `Well, I don't see why there has to be a 
Miss in front of my name.'  
`Mrs. then?' she asked humorously.  
Wendy smiled and Greta noticed that she had a great smile. `I would prefer you just call me 
Wendy.'  
Greta realized that she would really get to like this girl. For the first time she saw how wet she was. `I can see you already figured out how to use the shower.'  
`That thing like a waterfall?' she asked incredulously. Greta smiled and took her hand. She explained what everything in the little white room did. She even had to explain the toothbrush but Wendy only had to listen once. She left Wendy to take her shower then she came out with a bathrobe.  
`You really are a quick learner!'  
`Well, I've had worse teachers than you.'  
`Really?' she asked wanting a conversation. If Wendy wanted to speak, it wasn't against the rules but she couldn't ask questions especially the ones relating to her past. She was in the meantime taking out clothes from the wardrobe which Mercy had bought.  
`Yes, Victor is one of the worst teachers I've ever... Where's Victor?'  
Greta remembered how she was supposed to answer. `He went on a quest.'  
`Oh!' she bit her lip in deep thought. `When will he be back?' 
`A day or two,' Greta smiled reassuringly. `He told us that you are to be as comfortable as possible.' she added.  
`Victor said that?' she asked unbelievably.  
`What would he have said?' she asked knowing that she had made a mistake.  
`Oh, something like the morning runs are vital, fifty push-ups and sit-ups and when I come back I would like you to show me the different fighting tactic that you have perfected so far.' she noticed Greta was staring at her in shock. `What?'  
The former cleared her mind and continued in the search of an appropriate outfit. `Well, have you ever been sick during his lessons?'  
`No.'  
`Then let me tell you something,' she turned to her holding the clothes in her hands and brought then to her. `He was very concerned about you and it is safe to say that the lessons are postponed until further notice.'  
`He was concerned?' she asked in a dreamy voice.  
The former noticed. Wendy's eyes sparkled. `Yes.' A few seconds later it disappeared and she turned to the cloths. `Put these on.' she said and was handing them to her one by one as she wore them. They then walked out with Greta at the lead.  `Where are we?' she asked.  
`We are in Mr. Clay's house.'  
`Who's Mr. Clay?'  
`He is Victor's boss as well as mine.'  
`I thought Victor worked for Queen Diane!' she stated.  
`Queen Diane?' to Greta this was news. She stopped short.  
`One of our leaders?' there was confusion in Greta's eyes. `King Gorham and King Nathan the rest?' 
`Wendy, to be honest,' she paused, `I don't know what you are talking about.'  
`Victor said I was in danger...'  
`You are safe here.' she started walking again. `Victor will explain it better himself.'  
`I suppose he will. He was after all the person who rescued me from the guards.'  
Greta thought that she had said too much already. The rest of the way to the dining room where a place was already set for breakfast. She left her there after telling her that she could eat whatever she wanted on the table. Then she left her there. Wendy picked the black tea and a slice of bread which were the only things that she recognized. She then went after Greta. She entered the kitchen and found a room full of people. Greta was among them.  
`What are you doing here?' she asked as she approached her. `You were supposed to eat in the dining room.'  
`I couldn't sit there all by myself,' she said as she tilted her head to the side in disbelief.  
Greta could see that she needed to be around people. This was strange to her since both Mr. Clay and Master Raymond seemed to cope well without the company of others. `Okay fine, you can sit here,' she pulled out a high stool for her. The others gave her a questioning look.  
Charles was the first one who came to introduce himself to her. `A pleasure to meet you too, Charles,' she replied smiling so easily. The others didn't think it safe to go to her because they figured that Charles might be getting immune to her kind. There was a strange silence in the kitchen given that it was full of people. 
 `How do you like the residence?' Charles asked. From the corner of his eyes he saw Greta frown. He knew the rules better than anybody else.  
`The house, you mean?' Charles nodded. `I love it very much. It's even bigger than Queen 
Diane's castle.'  
`Queen Diane?' Charles asked. Greta raised her eyebrow and the rest of the group in the room listened attentively.  
`Don't you know that she is one of the most powerful leaders of this time?'  
`I'm afraid I don't.' He watched her reaction. She wasn't so happy about that. `Perhaps you could tell me.'  
Her eye sparkled and a smile appeared on her face. `Queen Diane, she's my role model. She rules the kingdom alongside King Gorham and King Nathan. She's the one in charge of the security of our people and leads the army to war when it arises.' She realized she had everyone's attention. `She had conquered many kingdoms but we call them colonies. She is rumored to be the most powerful Queen that ever lived but her period of rule is coming to an end. She didn't have any girl-child therefore someone else had to be chosen from the closest line to the Queen's line and be trained to take her place.'  
`You?' Charles asked interested.  
`No,' she said. `My family is not along the bloodline of any royal families.'  
`Is bloodline important?'  
`Very much so,' she sat attentively. `Bloodline is everything. When you are from any royal bloodline, that is, one of your ancestors was a King or Queen, then all the best opportunities lie in your grasp. That is why I was only a book-keeper until Victor decided to train me.'  
`Train you?' 
`Yes, I wanted to be a royal guard but I was not of royal blood. That way there was no one who would have even taken any interest in me. I did apply though but was turned down. Victor came along and viola somebody wants to train me and the Queen had given her consent.'  
`The queen has to give consent?'  
`Yes,' she sipped her tea remembering that she had some in the cup in front of her. `To me I think that she was the most powerful of the three but then that is my opinion. Queen Diane chooses or agrees to someone's appointee. She has to make sure the person is loyal and won't betray the kingdom.'  
`How would she know? I mean she can't read minds, can she?' Charles asked.  
`No,' she chuckled. The others in the room smiled at that. `That is the main reason why they chose royal bloodlines only believing that their ancestors‟ blood runs through them.' She shrugged and took another sip. It was real good except that it was cold.  
Greta came and took the cup from her hand, `Let me warm it up for you.' She watched as she put the cup in a cupboard-like box and watched as the cup rotated for about a minute all the time wondering how that would warm it up but she waited patiently. Greta came and put the cup in front of her. `Careful, it's really hot.' She didn't see Wendy pick the cup up because footsteps approached and Timothy his son walked into the room.  
He hadn't looked when he said, `Mama, I need the keys to the truck...'  
But he was interrupted, `Ouch!' Wendy cried. `It's really hot,' she said as she looked up at her.  
`I told you to be careful.'  
`I didn't expect it to be that hot. You put it in a box.' 
`It's called a microwave.'  
`Microwave,' she said thoughtfully. `What does it do?' she asked.  
`A dozen other things besides warming food. I'll tell you all about it. I have to talk to my son.'  
`Your son?' she asked without really asking and turned around to see a twenty something year old guy looking at her with interest.  
Mama Mia! Were the first thoughts in Tim's mind. He looked at his mother then back to the woman sitting in front of him. He walked to her, `Hi, I'm Tim,' he said flashing her a smile. He had a great smile and was quite handsome in a boyish kind of way.  
She took his hand and shook it, `Hi, I'm Wendy.'  
He was actually lost for words. Greta came around and grabbed his arm as he started pulling him away, `Come on Timmy.'  
`It's Tim mama,' he objected as he turned to follow her. `See you later Wendy.' He waved backwards and they disappeared round the door.  
As soon as they were out of earshot she turned angrily at him. `I thought I told you not to come to the big house!'  
`Mama, I just wanted the key.'  
`Well, you should have called.'  
`And have you walk all the way back to the house to give it to me?' he asked. Greta bit her lips and realized that wasn't practical. But Tim had continued, `And besides I think I know why you have been keeping me away from the house.'  
`Stay away from the girl, Timmy.'  
`Ma, I'm in college. Do you know how many girls I've...'  
`Eh eh eh,' she interrupted. `I don't want to know your escapades, besides she's not your type!' 
`Mama, how would you know my type?' he asked incredulously. `You've never met any of my girlfriends!'  
`I know,' she sighed. `Just stay away from Wendy, okay?'  
`She's the only person here who is around my age.'  
`You wouldn't have anything in common with her, trust me. Besides, Mercy is also your age mate.' She put the key into his hand and left him in the hall as she went back to the kitchen.  
The rest of the day went well except for occasionally when she felt faint. She was shown around the house and everything was explained to her as best as they could. It took time but eventually everyone else warmed up to her but not enough to ask her questions about where she was from except for Charles and a little bit from Greta.  
By the end of the day she had been briefed on almost how to use everything. She went back to her room and looked more closely at the clothes that had been bought for her. She looked at the trousers and was told that she could wear that anytime and not just riding. She asked Greta to show her what she could wear in order not to look out of place and the following day's dressing was laid out for her before she went to bed.  
The following day she woke up and headed out of the house for a run. That had surprised Greta who had gone to check up on her and found that she was not in her room. She went running back to Charles but he had seen Wendy heading out. They watched from the window as Wendy did her laps but after sometime they saw Tim approaching her.  
`Your son is going to be a problem,' Charles said.  
`I can't tell him that he can't see her. He will need a reason or worse try to do what I object to just to see what the outcome will be.' 
`Hmm,' Charles was thoughtful. They watched as the conversation went on and then it ended and Wendy came back to the house. An hour later Wendy was with them in the kitchen eating her breakfast. Tim as predicted came to the house and after some time managed to convince Wendy of taking a walk with him.  
They walked outside and as soon as Tim knew he was out of earshot, he started talking. `So where are you from?'  
`Not around here obviously,' she smiled as she put her hands in the pockets of her jacket.  `Well, I know that. I was wondering why exactly you are here.'  
`Why are you here?' she looked at him and he immediately knew that she was not about to answer questions about herself.  
`I'm here to visit my mother.'  
`Greta?'  
`Yes, she's my mother.'  
`What about your father? Where is he?'  
`My father doesn't live here. They separated when I was a child and I take turns staying with both of them.'  
`Separated?'  
`Divorced could be more precise.'  
`That isn't allowed where I come from.'  
`Really?' he turned to look at her. That to him was unbelievable to him. `What the hell would one do if you can't stand the person you married?'  
They laughed. `Well, separation can be accepted only in the extreme situations.'  `Like what?' he asked. They stopped walking in the middle of a field.  
`Well,' she said thoughtfully. `When the marriage is affecting your job, it's allowed.' 
`Your job like what?'  
`Ruling the people, giving out judgments.'  
`So only the very high in society can get a separation approved?' he asked fascinated.  
`Yes, but even then it is scandalous and nobody likes that.' They started walking back to the house. It was a very slow walk. A car was coming around very fast. It stopped at the driveway in front of the house. Tim didn't know who they were but as he glanced at Wendy he could see the glow on her face. They two figures started walking towards them. Tim could see them dressed exclusively. 
Wendy and he were standing between the front door and the car.  
They approached with eyes mainly on Wendy and the older one took the lead. He put out his gloved hand toward Wendy. `Miss Summer, my name is Henry Clay and I'm so glad that you have joined us here.'  
She shook it firmly. `Mr. Clay, it's a pleasure to meet you. I've heard so much.'  
`I doubt that,' he smiled. It was like his teeth sparkled in the light and his eyes had those wrinkles that come about when someone is really happy. His hair was graying at the sides but his posture suggested that he was very fit.  
Wendy immediately took to Henry and for some strange reason he reminded her of Gorham. `You are right but then I really do appreciate you having me here. You have a beautiful house Mr. 
Clay.'  
`Thank you very much.' He turned to Timothy as if seeing him for the first. `Mr. Hayman, I suppose that school is going on well.'  
`Yes sir.' he answered though he was a bit confused.  
`Excuse me,' Mr. Clay said then started walking away.  
`Wendy,' Victor's voice took over.  
She turned to him. They didn't smile at each other. `Yes sir?' 
`Are you feeling better?'  `Of course.'  
`Hmm,' the pause as if searching words. `You are to join us in the main office after you are done here.' he turned slightly to Tim and barely nodded then left.  
They were quiet for a long time then Tim said, `I have no idea what just happened.'  
`We met the owner of the big house. I thought your mother worked here for long?'  
`Yes but I have never met the owner. I would have thought that he'd be somewhat older.'  `He's not that old.'  
`Now I see I was wrong. What about the other guy?' he asked Wendy.  
`He's Victor.' Wendy turned to look at the house. `I really should get going, he never likes me 
late.'  
`Sure,' he answered then watched her jog into the house. 
Wendy looked for the main office and eventually found it. She knocked at the door and heard a loud voice welcoming her in. She found the both of them sitting in the office. Mr. Clay was sitting at the head chair while Victor was sitting opposite him. There was an extra chair at his side and Wendy headed towards it. She was signaled to sit on the chair which she did.  
There was a long awkward silence and as far Wendy could tell Victor didn't seem to want to be in the room. Finally Mr. Clay said, `How are your parents, Wendy?'  
`My parents?' she asked as she looked slightly at Victor not knowing what to do. He wasn't looking at either of them. What had Victor gotten her into? She asked herself. `My parents were fine the last time they sent me a letter.' 
`Well, they are not fine now.'  
`What do you mean?'  
`When the guards came to get you at your house and Victor came to rescue you, he didn't explain why.' Wendy waited patiently. `He didn't tell you because he didn't have the authority and because you disappeared without notice they are after your parents.'  
Wendy could have sworn that she heard Victor growl but decided to ignore it. `Can you get straight to the point here. I know that though Victor was working for Diane he was initially working for you. So why did I need to be rescued?'  
`Because you were going to be tortured for information, if you survived then you may be exiled but if you were not then someone would be sent to try and kill you.'  
`Why would someone try to kill me?'  
`Because unknown to everyone else, you were Queen Diane's daughter and the rightful 
heiress to her throne.'  
Wendy took that in very slowly. Even Victor didn't know what her reaction will eventually settle on. `My parents...'  
`They were to take care of you as if you were their own until you came of age.'  `That- that is impossible,' she stood up shakily.  
`No, it's not impossible, Queen Diane is indeed your mother...'  
Wendy suddenly shouted, `Don't you dare tell me that my mother is Diane. I have a mother who took care of me from when I was a child!'  
`You were assigned to them and it was by the order of the queen that they got to care for you.'  
`That is a lie,' she denied moving to the door.  
`It is the truth!' he countered.  
`No, I don't have to listen to you.' 
`Wendy?'  
But she was already at the door she opened it and slammed the door behind her but it didn't close. It was slightly a jar. What they didn't know was that instead of going away she had stayed at the door thinking.  
`You had no right to approach the subject as bluntly as that!' Victor objected.  
`She can handle it.'  
`How would you know that? You have never gone to see her and mark you, I've been 
watching her for five years and training her for the last three months.'  
`And that would make you an expert on my daughter?'  
`She's not your daughter until she gets to know who you truly are.'  
`I don't think she is ready to handle that yet...'  
`That would have been easier than telling her that her mother, the Queen, gave her away and now that she is finding out when her real mother is dead.'  
`So you wanted me to tell her that her father is a wizard who seduced her mother to have her?'  
`Yes.'  
`Then why is it that you haven't told her that you are a wizard yourself? It’s hard to say something when you've spent all your life lying about who you truly are...'  
She didn't hear any more. She ran from the house and went to the nearby forest. Thoughts were whirling in her mind like a tornado and she didn't know which she was to sort first and what to leave for later when she had more information. She thought that she was actually lost and wouldn't have to face what she had left in the house. 
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Almost three hours later she saw a figure walking towards where she was. She hid behind a tree hoping the figure wouldn't have already spotted her. She heard footsteps approaching and eventually they stopped behind her tree. She stayed still for so long that she convinced herself that he was gone. She peaked just to make sure and found Victor standing behind the tree. She gasped out loud then went round the tree. She went to sit on a log that had fallen a few meters away.  
He didn't speak. Only watched her and when Wendy couldn't take the library scenario again, she asked, `You knew all along?'  
`Why do you think I was assigned to train you?'  
`Because I have talent?' she tried to smile but it failed miserably.  
Victor nodded slowly then asked, `You had never asked yourself why the white strips in your hair?'  
`Yes but not that seriously.'  `Well, your mother...  
`Please don't call her that.'  
`Okay. Queen Diane did tell me why. No one else knows this. Not even Mr. Clay.' he paused. Wendy turned to look at him. `She said that the secret of the white hair was to be passed orally down the descendants until the one bearing it will know why. You know of the ancient sayings about the curse and the prophecy?' he asked as he went to sit down next to her.  
`Everybody knows it.'  
`Well, the information about the white hair was hidden from everyone else except for the queen's line.'  
`She broke a lot of rules.' she commented as the smile this time was better than before.  
`She had to break the rules in order for the prophecy to come true. Everything she did, she did because she thought that the old ways were never the way she would have done things and that is why she was the most different queen of all.'  
`About the hair?'  
`Oh yes, the hair was a vital part in breaking the curse. Her ancestors said that `she born of the white hair would have unimaginable power'.'  
`Like be a powerful leader?'  
`The ancients thought of power differently than we do. Power to them was the control of the elements; fire, earth, water and so forth. It is because of having this power that enabled the queen to have her girl child who will continue to rule her people.'  
`But Queen Diane had white hair. Did she have the unimaginable power?'  
`Queen Diane was but a vessel. She was not born with the white hair. You, on the other hand, were. Diane's hair turned purely white because she was to have some measure of power in order to have you.'  
`All this is hard to take in at once,' she said but Victor didn't answer. `Did anybody even think that maybe I may not want to take the throne?'  
`Yes that is why in all your life there were people taking note of how eager you were to be a royal guard. I was even told that they counted every time that you told your parents that you would be queen when you were young.'  
`This is a bit embarrassing.' She blushed.  
`It goes to say that even though your mother wasn't there physically she was there for you spiritually. She wanted to know every detail about you. Whether your tooth came out or you planted your first seedling.'  
There was a long silence as they both stared past the trees and heard the birds chirping. Then Wendy looked down at her feet then aside at Victor's hand. She put her hand over his. Suddenly he stood up and was holding out his hand for her. `I was actually supposed to come here and tell you that lunch is almost being served.'  
She took it and he pulled her up. They stood like that for some time then Victor tilted her head in order for her to look at him. Tears were welling up in her eyes. `To what purpose was all that done for? I don't get it.'  
`Everything has a purpose and had a purpose, Wendy. I'm not the one supposed to tell you but you will know the purpose bit by bit. The way you were supposed to find out about your mother.'  `Do I have a choice?'  
`In what?'  
`In finding out?'  
`No.'  
`What about in taking over queen Diane's throne?'  
`That, you do.' He smiled at her then before Wendy could do something stupid like put her arms about him, he stepped back and took her hand then tugged her slowly towards the house.  
They were sitting at the table and it seemed a bit awkward for everyone. Mr. Clay and Victor were sitting opposite each other at the end of the table. Wendy's chair had been placed closer to Mr. Clay's end. They were all quiet. Greta was serving and noticed the tension in the room. She continued to do her job waiting on them.  
Suddenly Mr. Clay spoke up, `I do apologize for having given you the news that way. I should have let Victor tell you the way your mother wanted it.'  
Wendy was quiet trying to avoid both of them but she could feel everyone's eyes on her. She put down her fork and looked straight at Mr. Clay. `I don't see how that would have changed 
anything given that the news would still have been as shocking as it was.'  
`Do you have questions?' he noticed Wendy staring at him. `You left so fast.'  
`Yes,' she said and turned slightly to look at Victor who was watching both of them keenly. She turned back to Mr. Clay. `I have plenty of questions.' the pause. `I want to know why I wasn't raised as her daughter and instead raised in the farm.'  
Mr. Clay took a sip of his wine then put his elbows on the table with his hands rubbing each other. `You aren't Eric's child. She bore you when she was married to Eric but Eric wasn't your father. She would have been prosecuted for infidelity if anyone would have known.'  
`But now you are telling me, why?'  
`Because Diane is dead and she can't be prosecuted when she is already dead.'  
`She's dead!' Wendy mouth dropped open with shock. She had heard what Victor had said in the private office but it was now that it dawned on her. `How?'  
`She wanted to protect you.' there was a pause. Mr. Clay looked at Victor and the latter just nodded. `She heard from the council that they planned to torture you for information on Victor.'  
She turned Victor, shocked. `Why would they need information on you?'  
`It is a long story that I will tell you later,' Victor replied. `In short, Nathan wanted to put 
Gorham's credibility to question and he helped Alice to overthrow Diane.'  
`Why would they then want to question me?'  
`You spent a lot of time with Victor which would have allowed you to notice things which were not normal.' 
`I didn't notice anything, did I?' she asked Victor.  
`I don't know but then if you were taken to the torturing chambers then you would be scarred for life. Diane didn't want you to have any darkness in you and that was why I had to take you and bring you here and make sure that I taught you everything you needed to know for whatever decision you would come to later.'  
`So she died protecting me?'  
`Not entirely that,' Mr. Clay said. `She was dying and she wanted to die doing something sensible like protect you. She had been hanging on for years just waiting for you to be ready.' Wendy looked at her food. `The decision will be yours after your training.'  
`So I could stay here if I wanted to?'  
`Of course, wherever you wish to stay. I will do everything I can to ensure that the decision you come to will be comfortable for you.'  
`What about my...' she started to ask but Victor beat her.  
`Excuse me, I have to get home.' he stood up. Mr. Clay nodded to him then he headed to the door. It took Wendy a full minute to come to a decision to follow him.  
She stood up. `Just a minute,' she said as she went out the door. She hurried toward the front door and saw Victor about to open the door. She called out, `Victor!' He stopped and looked back. His eyes questioning but he just watched her approach. `I wanted to know what I was supposed to notice,' she licked her lips.  
`You didn't notice anything at all?' he asked looking at her lips then forced himself to look at her eyes.  
`No.' she shook her head.  
`You didn't feel anything strange?' his eyes narrowed.  
Besides the butterflies in my stomach every time you come close, `No,' she answered again in a straight face. She had heard the two talking about being wizards but she knew that that was a legend. She couldn't just ask it outright besides it seemed that it was something they could only say when they were ready. She wouldn't push it.  
`You are supposed to know that I am different. Some sense in you should be telling you this.'  `No, I don't feel that you are that different from anybody else.'  
`Hmm,' he bit his lip in deep thought. `This is going to prove difficult.' He was quietly thinking again. He took her right hand in his then put his other hand on her neck. He looked deep into her eyes. Wendy didn't know what he was doing but she could feel her heart beating faster and her stomach was doing flips. She felt the blood rush to her head and something different that she couldn't explain.  
She put her hand on his neck also. She didn't know what she was doing but she wanted him to feel what she was feeling. She moved closer to him. She couldn't understand what she was trying to do. She wanted him to move closer to her but nothing like that was happening. A sweat broke on his neck and ran over her thumb.  
She could feel the heat breaking out around them. She let go of his hand and put it on the other side of his neck. He lowered his head to hers with their eyes still locked on each other’s. Then she could see what she was supposedly supposed to see. Victor's lips brushed over hers and a jolt of electricity passed through her and she pulled back shocked. She saw Victor's pupils were actually large and something behind them wasn't quite human. There was also something almost like smoke going towards him and enveloping him.  
`Victor!' a voice interrupted them. Victor stepped back fast as if he was jolted from a dream. But whatever she was seeing didn't go away. She turned toward the direction the direction the voice had come from. There was Mr. Clay with a much thicker smoke envelop around him. She stepped back from both of them. None of them made a move to go after her. She looked at herself and noticed that she was also covered but it was like there was a colorless strip intertwining with the white strip.  
Then out of nowhere Charles came into the open space behind the front door. Wendy turned suddenly and looked at him then all the strength in her vanished. She collapsed on the floor and didn't wake up until it was night time. Mr. Clay was waiting in a chair at the furthest side of the room. He had a book in his hand. He closed the book sensing that she was awake and came to the side of the bed.  
`Are you feeling fine?' he asked sounding genuinely worried.  
`Yes,' she said in a strong voice.  
`What happened?'  
`Nothing,' she lied. She could see that he knew she was lying but she didn't care. She could still see the envelope around Mr. Clay's body but it was somewhat concentrated on his hands.  
`Okay. I don't know how you will feel tomorrow so I told Victor to come and train you if you are feeling up to it.'  
`Where is he?'  
`He went home.' And that was the end of that. She didn't go down for supper even though she was starving.  
The following morning she was up for her usual morning run then came back into the house. She had a hearty breakfast which she ate without looking at people. They all saw that her mood was different today and treated her like they treated like they treated Mr. Clay. They stayed out of her way. Unfortunately Tim came into the kitchen where she was and attempted to have a conversation with her. 
 `I was expecting to see you after your meeting with the big man.'  `I was busy,' came the reply curtly.  
`Yeah my mom told me that you fainted.'  
Wendy looked up at Greta and saw that the latter was ignoring her. `Yes, I'm still not used to the weather here.'  
`Hey, I was wondering if you would like to go to town sometime,' he said.  
Wendy's head crocked up as if she heard something then she stood up, `Maybe some other time. Excuse me.' She left the kitchen then went outside using the front door. Victor was waiting outside. He led the way to the field behind the house and then they stopped. `I need answers, Victor,' she said as they looked at each other.  
`Then try to get them.' He paused then said, `For every hit I get to answer one question.'  
They started to fight. In the house through the back door Tim was watching fascinated. He couldn't believe that she was that good in fighting. Then later on he started to question why she was that good. Then he started wondering if some of the things that they were doing were even possible. He tried to get his mother to talk but she avoided the questions as if they were a speeding train heading her way. Finally she managed to get him out of the house and send him to town.  
Out there Wendy was having a difficult time even hitting Victor once. But she kept at it until she finally gave up almost two hours later. `I've had enough.' She threw her hands in the air.  
`You should never say that ever again.'  
`You obviously don't want me to get answers and so you will not even let me get close to hitting you.'  
`You don't want answers badly enough.' 
`Oh really!' she exclaimed and looked at him. His posture changed ready for attack. She saw the white smoke get thicker at that particular time. She blocked a few of his attacks and noticed the pattern. The smoke would get thick on the limb that he was planning to use in the attacks. She blocked and attacked. She hit him once.  
`First question, why are you and Mr. Clay different?' she asked. They were moving around each other waiting for the other to attack.  
`I'm not sure you want to know that yet.'  
`But I asked because I want to know.'  
`Okay, I'm a wizard.'  
`What about Mr. Clay?'  
`I'm not entitled to answer that for him.' pause, `why aren't you surprised about that?'  
`You will need to hit me for me to answer that question,' she said with a wicked smile. He attacked but now Wendy knew what he was going to do before he did it. Suddenly his whole body became thick and he jumped up and sort of levitated. Wendy was confused. She didn't know what he was going to do and then a strong wind pushed her down. Victor landed on his feet.  
`Now my first question, why aren't you surprised that I'm a wizard?' he stared at her.  
`How the hell did you do that?' she was standing up wide eyed.  
`Remember one question for each hit. Now my answer,' he said as he watched her keenly. He wasn't about to attack but he was aware that she might take advantage of the opportunity if it was to get questions out of him.  
She seemed to have no choice but tell him something if she wanted answers to her own questions. `I overheard you and Mr. Clay talking after I left the room.'  `How much did you overhear?' he narrowed his eyes at her. 
 `One question for every hit, remember?' she raised her eyebrow as if she had won.  
`You don't want to try me, Wendy?' he hadn't made a move. Wendy took the initiative and attacked Victor. She didn't know what happened next or how it happened but Victor had taken grip of her. Her right hand was on her back and Victor left arm was on her neck. She struggled to get out of the trap in every way that she could think of but it was hopeless. She was defeated. She realized that if Victor had wanted to kill her he would have already succeeded but he just wanted to teach her a lesson.  
He felt her give up and though his hold wasn't that tight but he loosened it further. He lowered his head to speak in her ears as if he didn't want her to miss a thing. `You are not yet ready to defeat a wizard.'  
Wendy's mind was elsewhere. She had never been this close to feel his hard body against hers since he had kissed her when waking her up from her trance. The lips brushing yesterday were nothing. And now he was holding her close and she felt his heart beating in his chest. She felt his hot breath near her neck. Her own heart beat faster and longing came over her. But what was she yearning for?  
She had lived barely secluded from everyone else and her parents never talked to her about those things. Perhaps, now that she knew the truth, her parents didn't think that it was their duty to do so. All in all, she didn't know if she wanted a kiss or for him to hold her or...she knew the answer was coming but lost it when he let go. She didn't look at him though but rubbed her hand that had been held behind her back.  
`What else did you overhear?' he asked.  
She couldn't believe that he was still at the subject. She pretended to examine her hand for any sign of bruising. `Not much. I left soon after before I heard something more appalling that the two of you said.'  
`Like what?' his voice was leveled.  
She tilted her head in the pretext of thinking. Finally she said, `I heard that you were both wizards, Mr. Clay having seduced Her Highness and apparently he being my father!' she shrugged as if it was nothing then turned and was about to start to walk away. It took Victor a second to realize her intention. He grabbed her arm again.  
She spun round and there was anger in her eyes but Victor had already let go. `What is wrong with you?'  
Victor exhaled deeply. He had been put on a spot and now was about to make a major decision. `What you heard might mislead you.'  
`Which part?' she asked with an expression of interest on her face but Victor knew that she did not in the least bit want to hear anything right now.  
`The part where he seduced Queen Diane,' he paused waiting for her to respond but she was just quiet. He continued, `Well, he believes that is what happened and she believes that she was the one who seduced him but in the real sense they did fall in love with one another.'  
`Thank you,' she said then sarcastically added, `That cleared up a great deal of the information that I keep getting in bits.' She walked away. Victor did not stop her nor did he follow her. He knew she was just being stubborn and for now he didn't see a reason to push it. She didn't look back. If Victor had been able to read her mind he would have realized he was far from the target. She had eventually looked at him hiding her emotions well enough. She was confused. She hated the way he had pulled her back but she had also liked it. She watched him speak and for some reason wanted to strangle him but she had had enough for one day. He could not see that he was confusing her.  
Some time back she was able to make a decision and come to an agreement with herself but ever since he had kissed her... It was not like she had hated it nor not wanted it. She like every other woman had wanted him. She had day-dreamed of kissing him and lying in bed with him and waking up in the morning in the same bed, just like the parents she had known did. Her ignorance was deep of course and that way the other reason that she had been surprised that she had been assigned to the library. She like every other middle-class children had been taught to read but the books were limited and the others that were around weren't so much enlightening. Now all she had feared was getting pregnant before marriage as it was punishable by death. The process...?  
She went to her room and stayed there for a long time. Then she got bored with just sitting and thinking. She went and explored the house by herself. She knew where the main rooms were but some of the other rooms had not been opened to her. They had just pointed and walked on. She went to the one marked library. The books had a light covering and not like the hard covers of the ones at home and the writing was also strange. The ones at the great library in King Gorham's castle had been written by hand. She looked through them. Some of them he could understand and others she couldn't make any sense of.  
Then the door opened and she jumped back startled. She saw Victor walk in. She had thought he might be gone but here he was. She sighed deeply but didn't take her eyes from him. He was walking towards her. She loved the way he walked. It had some kind of swagger in it. He didn't look scuffled by the morning training but then he might have gone home and showered to revive himself.  He soon stopped in front of her and watched her. This did irritate her but she didn't open her mouth. She was wondering when he would stop looking at her like she was some kind of puzzle that needed solving.  
He finally spoke, `I spoke to your father,' he saw the frown on her face. `He doesn't know that you know that he's your father but I managed to bring him round to allow me to answer whatever questions you might have from now on.'  
She folded her arms in front of her and asked without think the first question that came to mind, `Where are we?'  
There was a long pause from Victor. `We are in another world.' Wendy was confused and he saw it on her face. `We are in a world that would have been if our ancestors could have made a different decision. In this world they have a term for it: alternate universe.'  
She knew she wouldn't understand that right now so she thought of a different question. `Tim, Greta's son, asked me if I wanted to go to the town and that he would show me around.'  
`Where's the question?' Victor asked as lightly as possible but there was a sudden flash of anger in his eyes.  
`The thing is I don't know the rules of this house and I was just wondering if it was okay if I left the compound.'  
`It is fine, you're not a prisoner here.' there was an awkward pause, `When do you want to go?'  
`Tomorrow!'  
`Will you mind if I take you myself?'  
Wendy could not tell the expression on his face but she thought about it. She would be spending time with someone she knew or at least thought she knew but it was much better than going with a total stranger. `No, I don't mind.' 
`Any other question?' he asked. Those couldn't possibly be all the questions she could think 
of.  
`No, you may leave now,' she dismissed him unconsciously. She went back to the books and didn't notice the half-smile that Victor had on his face. He left her to her peace. At long last she found a book that she would enjoy. She went back to her room and started reading it.  
The following day she was woken up by Greta with a message that Victor was waiting for her. She had read the book until late into the night and had fallen asleep with the book in her hand. She jumped into the shower as Greta pulled out some clothes for her. She was dressed in the next fifteen minutes. She picked up the book and was going down the stairs. She headed to the front door when Greta called her to eat breakfast but she shook her head as she went out the door.  
The sun had not come up yet but it was clear enough to see. She walked down the front steps. Victor was leaning on a different sort of carriage to the one he came with the last time. This was bigger and black or another dark color. He opened the door for her and as she was going to climb up he gave her a hand. She pressed it down but she was lifted up into the seat. He closed the door and went round the car and climbed up with ease.  
All this time she was watching him and when he turned to look at her. She found herself blushing but she was sure that he wouldn't see her because of the darkness in there. He leaned toward her and her heart beat went to hyper drive but he was just reaching for the seat-belt to strap her in. He strapped himself in and started the drive. Wendy was surprised that the ride was quite smooth. She tried to look at where they were going but her eyes came back to studying Victor as he concentrated on the road.  
Finally the sun was coming out then the terrain changed and they came out of the forest. She started to see houses though they were smaller than Mr. Clay's house. Her attention diverted to the changes. She watched the people walking the street then they came into the inner town where she was surprised to see the shops open and people were filling up every shop there was.  
Victor parked the car and got out. Then he came and opened the door and walked to her side of the seat. There were people watching them. The town wasn't that big and people could easily tell who was not from around there. They watched as the man opened the door and helped the woman with the white striped of hair out of the x-trail.  
`Breakfast first?' Victor asked as they started to walk the street.  
`I suppose so.' she said. She couldn't help but notice that they were being watched. Victor stopped and opened the door to her. She entered and the first thing that she smelt was freshly baked bread. She was led to a seat and they waited to be served. `It's different from home,' she said as she looked around.  
`Yes, it is,' he picked up the menu and read it. He finally put it down as the waiter came to them. `I'll be having black coffee with one sugar.'  `What about...' the waiter started.  
Victor looked at Wendy as he said, `She will be having English tea cheese bread and a slice of chocolate cake.'  
`Yes sir.' the waiter left them.  
Wendy said, `What was the different decision that their ancestor made to make the 
difference?' 
`Instead of asking for power, they asked for wisdom from the gods and they got it.'  
`So we are more stupid than they are?'  
`Not necessarily. They are just a bit more creative than we are. Since they can't fly they create things that fly for them.'  
`We can't fly!' she said incredulously.  
`We just forgot how to fly like we forgot about a lot of things but it's about time that we remembered. You are the key for that,' he looked up as the waiter came back with the tray.  
`The key to what?' she asked not bothering that there was an unknown person around.  
`The key for everyone remembering who they were before. You are not just going to be the leader to your people but their inspiration.'  
`I haven't decided about that yet,' she said as she looked at what was placed in front of her.  
`Of course,' he took his cup of coffee and sipped it. It was so hot but he liked it. The waiter was still standing there waiting if they wanted something else.  
`You said that everything has a purpose,' she poured her tea and added milk with some sugar. `What is the purpose then that I was not raised in the castle?' The waiter left.  
`Your mother had a child out of marriage. You know the consequences of that.' Wendy nodded. She was enjoying her meal very much. `She could not afford to lose you and she was needed by her people. She had to make a choice that would save both of you.'  
Wendy tasted the cake. `This is good. Here try it.' she handed him the fork with a piece of the cake.  
He took it and then returned the fork back to her. She was watching waiting for him to respond to it. `Its good.' he swallowed it. 
 She smiled happily. She continued to take her breakfast. `I love it.'  
After they finished, they walked out. The sun was completely out now. They walk into another shop that was filled mostly with women. One of them came up to them, `Welcome,' she smiled professionally though her attention was fully on Victor. Wendy realized that nothing changed. 
Every woman was naturally attracted to Victor and that hadn't changed.  
`Hallo,' he said as she took her hand. This was when Wendy noticed that he had gloves on.  
`How may we help you,' the woman said.  
Victor turned to Wendy which made the woman also turn. The smile disappeared for a second. He wiped Wendy's hair away from her face. `She needs help.'  `I can see,' she said thoughtfully.  
`What do you suggest?' he asked turning to look at her. Wendy's eyes moved from one to the other.  
`Well, I would start with the hair.'  
`What with the hair?'  
`Dying it, moisturize it and treating it.'  
`Okay.'  
`Which color of dye?'  
Victor turned to look at Wendy then said, `Black will be fine.'  
Wendy was led away. She was taken to a chair and she sat down. The process began and she had to have someone other than her mother wash her hair. She could see the woman who had received them talking to Victor. The person who was doing her hair noticed.  
`That's Caris, she had noticed your guy around for some time now. She was just happy that he came in the store albeit with you.'  
`Caris ha?' 
`She loves to flirt.'  
`Flirt?' Wendy didn't know the word.  
`Yes, look at what she's doing,' they watched Caris. She was flipping her hair and giggling a lot. She obviously knew what she wanted as she was caressing his arm every time that she had the chance. The woman on her hair turned back to her. `If you're not careful she's going to steal your man away from you.'  
`He's not my man!' Wendy objected with a slight smile.  
`Oh, sorry for making the mistake. By the way, I'm Jane.'  
`Wendy.'  
`Well Wendy, I would have thought that the two of you were an item given that you look so good together.'  
`He's not interested in me.'  
`I beg to differ but then I'm not an expert. Anyway I'll explain it to you what I'll do to your 
hair.'  
Time passed so fast and Caris was thoroughly enjoying herself keeping Victor company. Wendy felt a pang of jealousy that the former could make him laugh the way he did but she managed to ignore it. Finally taking Jane's advice, she came out with curled black hair. She was walking toward where Victor was. He handed them a card and soon they were out into the street.  
`You look great!' he finally said.  
`Thanks,' she answered. `Where else are we going to?'  
`You are going for a shopping spree then lunch after that I'll show you the town's main attractions.'  
`You have the whole day planned?'  
`Certainly.'  
By the time they were going back home it was night fall. She had had fun even though Victor was passive most of the time. She was coming home with some cloths that she hadn't even seen before but now she had them. They went into the house and found Mr. Clay coming down the stairs. He was just going to get his dinner.  
`Wendy, Victor,' he acknowledged them.  
`Mr. Clay,' Victor replied. Wendy just stared at him. He excused himself and left them there. Wendy started giggling. `What's so funny?' Victor asked.  
`It's just so hard to imagine that he's my father, that's all,' she said as they walked toward the parlor. She wondered if he was just waiting to officially hand her over to her father. She turned to him, `Can I ask you a personal question?'  
`Yeah, sure,' he said as they sat down in opposite seats to each other.  
`Caris, did you like her?' she stared at him and he stared back at her.  `Yes.'  
`Why?'  
Victor thought. `She's pretty, full of humor.'  
There was silence for a long time then she asked, `Do you think I'm pretty?'  
`Of course you are.'  
`The question was, do you think I'm pretty?'  `Yes I think you are pretty,' he answered again.  
`But not as pretty as Caris?'  
Victor narrowed his eyes at her. `Where is the questioning headed to?'  
`I want to know what you think.' She saw that Victor wasn't going to say something else so she continued, `I want to know your thoughts so that I can assume what you think every time we kiss.'  
`I didn't kiss you for any other reason than to wake you up from a trance and so that you know who I really am.' 
`True but I don't have a problem with the why. It's the how that intrigues me.'  
`There is no how because that's just the way I kiss.'  
`That's not how I feel it.'  
`That's your problem then,' he stood up suddenly. `Why are we talking about this anyway?'  
Wendy who was still in her seat looked up at him. `Because you are worried that I might just run to daddy and tell him about it,' she smiled wickedly. Victor didn't respond. He wondered how she suddenly got the courage to stand up against him then the answer came in the next statement. `You are both wizards and have powers as you call them. What I don't get is why you are afraid of him!'  
She stood up and went to him at the window where he was standing. `Why is it that you are afraid that he might see something that you've done wrong or is it you are just afraid that he might not approve?' she asked as her eyes and tone dared him to do something.  
Victor turned to her. He appeared not to have been moved by the argument that she had just put out to him. `Yes, I'm afraid of your father. He's a dangerous man to those that he has no connection with. He's older and more powerful than I am and within the circle of the other wizards that I know, he is the most powerful so yes, you are right. I wouldn't want him to see me do something wrong and yes I'm afraid that he might not approve of some other things but that has nothing to do with why I'm here at this particular time. I'm here only to train you, nothing more than that. And if I kissed you and you feel that it might have meant something more then I'm sorry but I was just doing my job...'  
Wendy pulled him abruptly to her and her lips were locked on his. He didn't try to resist but he didn't do anything to encourage her at first but after about a minute he opened his mouth to hers. He pulled her body to his and his tongue sought out hers. Her hand went round his neck and if he wanted to withdraw from her he wouldn't have been able to.  
Her body pressed against his and she could feel every contour on his body. He turned her against the window and lifted her on to the window seal. His mouth left hers and he was kissing her neck. His hand which had been around her went underneath the top that she was wearing and he touched her breasts. Her head fell back as she felt his touch, a gentle feel from the large hands.  
There was an ache or fire between her legs. She didn't know what it was exactly but she felt a bulge just below his waist. She wrapped her legs around him then he squeezed her breast ever so lightly and she mourned. Victor's mouth came back and covered hers then she felt something different. She pulled her head back but he went on kissing her neck. She didn't want it to end but it had to.  
She whispered barely catching her breathe, `Victor, Mr. Clay is coming.' Victor stopped immediately and saw her face. He put her down and watched as she straightened her top. Then she walked out of the room. He went to sit down on the chair forcing himself to relax but he hoped that Wendy's father wouldn't notice.  
Mr. Clay walked in. `I passed Wendy in the corridor. She seemed a bit off but...' he shrugged as if he didn't know what he was saying. Then he looked at Victor as if seeing him for the first time. 
`You are the one who normally leaves first but...'  `She was tired,' he answered curtly.  
`Okay. Why are you still here?' he asked sitting in the same chair Wendy had been sitting on.  `I was told I would give her the necklace before her powers overwhelmed her but I don't...'  He was interrupted by Mr. Clay, `Is it hot in here?' he asked. 
 `I'm sorry what?'  
`The heat in this room,' he got up and went to open the window. Victor's heart skipped a beat but Mr. Clay came back and sat down. `You were saying something about losing control?'  
`Yes, the problem is that I don't know when that is supposed to happen.'  
`But you are the one closest to her you should be able to notice any changes.'  
`But I can't notice them if I don't know what am supposed to be looking for.'  
`Good point,' he paused as he arranged his thoughts. `Well, if she is to lose control it will start with the other five elements that subconsciously she has under control. It will not come out as the winds losing control or hurricane's forming.  
`It will be more subtle things like behavior changes. She will start by mood swings probably. 
Then she will be withdrawn or outgoing depending on which of the elements is more dominating.'  `So if it is earth?' Victor asked curiously.  
`Then you will see her emotions more controlled and you will barely be able to read her face. Most probably she will be weighing every decision that she makes. On the extreme you will feel the earth tremor when she gets frustrated or angry.'  
`What about fire?'  
`Then she might have a temper, easy to get angry there is also getting passionate about something; riding, fighting or even emotionally. Thankfully there is Timmy around for us to see that,' he said.  
Victor gulped.  `Water?'  
`If she accepts things that she is told without really questioning them. One would say that she becomes naive but then it is a weakness and a gift. On the extreme you may see water in the glass following her hand. About light, she will seem intuitive and get to know what is happening around her, but it will also bring her some sense of good. Then darkness, that is the most intriguing one. She will simply become almost evil but like light she will also be intuitive. The difference between them is that in darkness she will understand more what isn't being said, secrets and such things unlike in light where she will see whatever it is she sees and know from there.'  
`Can they happen at once?' Victor asked. He had already started suspecting something but he needed answers.  
`I don't know, so far she is the first half wizard there is. In real sense we are dealing here with everything that is theoretical.'  
`I thought you knew what you were doing?'  
`I've spent the last twenty years researching on the theories that some of us have and the science that might prove it but to be honest, I don't know how she will come out at the end.'  There was silence in the parlor then Victor stood up, `I should get home.'  `Of course.'  
Henry watched him leave. He knew he needed him even though he could see that the latter was already starting to hide things from him. It wasn't clear but he could make out that there was something not right. Especially from Victor. He couldn't read Wendy yet or even get close. He would never tell Victor that the reason he needed him so much was so as to spy on Wendy. What he knew for sure is that Victor was the first key to understanding Wendy. The second key... he hadn't found him yet!  
 
 
 
 
 

CHAPTER FIVE
 
Back in the alternate dimension, Gorham was at Alice's coronation. The whole kingdom seemed to have come to witness it. Somewhere focused on mourning the lost queen while others were there to celebrate the new one. All this was taking place in the arena where the competition Victor had organized was supposed to have taken place. The competition had been cancel almost a month ago for the official burial of Queen Diane. It was a strange ceremony given that there was no body. Also no one was answering any questions about how or where she died. The kingdom echoed a conspiracy but they could not do anything.  
Furthermore, after seeing the way Gorham had been devastated they took it that he would certainly not let anyone get away with killing their queen. Now everyone was back to the same arena where the funeral had been held celebrating the new queen. They studied how Gorham was reacting. He wasn't happy about this and when he was asked to take the stand and acknowledge Alice's position it seemed that he was taking longer than necessary for him to decide to get to the podium.  
Finally he was there. Everyone held there breathe. There was still time to refuse to accept it. His voice rang around the arena and everyone hang on his every word.  
`As the kings before me have done in our past and as I have done to one of our own, I come up to this stage once more. Every kingdom depends on her leaders agreeing with one another, working in harmony for the good of her people.' there was a long pause. `I have heard talk that there is a conspiracy and I know some of you were waiting for me say this the last time but the loss of queen Diane hit me hard. I was not a leader when I was expected to be and know I take this opportunity to tell you the truth,' there was a murmur behind him but he didn't pay any attention to it at all. `The death of Queen Diane came suddenly and unexpectedly but we all knew she was about to step down and had accepted that Alice should take over. That was no secret but Alice's post now as the new queen is not by birthright. She was appointed by the council after much consideration but I am the one who will be working with her and …' he paused as his eyes stopped at a particular face. It was a woman approximately ten years younger than him but it was not for that reason that she caught his attention. It was the way she was looking at him. She smiled encouragingly. He shook his head and went back to finish his speech. Those who notice the slight pause thought that it was a dramatic pause. He continued the last few lines. `I, King Gorham the third, accept Alice as my queen and swear that I will rule with her in harmony regardless of her being the elected queen. I will guide her in the right path to uphold the law and justice. I give my word.' There was a loud applause coming from the crowd below and sighs of relief from behind the podium.  
He went to sit down but his eyes remained on the face among the crowd. Eventually it was Alice's turn to speak. She said the usual things but the crowd felt that she did not feel what she said therefore the crowd did not applaud as loudly.  
At the end of it there was music and people congratulating Alice for her achievement. Gorham was heading away he went down the steps to the back the below where they had been standing, he went to the entrance to the arena where the guards were. The guard recognized the king but they didn't know if they should restrain him or not. He came and stood there wondering where he was to go next.  
Jared had seen him go off from the platform. He followed him until the entrance. He went up to him, `Can I help you your Majesty?' he asked.  
Gorham turned to him, `I'm looking for someone...' 
But he was interrupted by a woman's voice, `Your Majesty,' she said. He turned and looked at her. She curtsied with her head bowed. Then she slowly stood straight. `I'm terribly sorry for your loss,' she said.  
Gorham walked to her though Jared wanted to oppose the move. `What loss is that?' he asked stopping in front of her. He was taller than her so she was looking up at him.  
`The death of the queen.' Gorham nodded. She continued, `Of course now you have a new wife...'  
`No, she isn't my wife. She is just a queen but not my wife,' he objected.  
She smiled slightly, `Forgive me,' she apologized as she looked down then almost immediately looked up at him. Jared from a distance away could see that she was flirting with Gorham. `I'm not from around here.'  
`Where are you from?'  
`I've been around a lot I seem to forget,' she smiled then pushed back her hair behind her ears. `I'm a merchant. I travel around selling things and buying others.'  
`A woman merchant?' he noticed her raise her eyebrow questioningly but he let that pass. Instead he said, `So I take that you are here to do a bit of business?'  `Yes.'  
`You know you will require a permit for that?'  
`That's what I've been told.' she looked up at him. There was something familiar with her eyes but he couldn't get what it was. `I was also told that I was to see you or someone else in your department to give me the permit!'  
`You surely didn't come to conduct business at a coronation?' he was intrigued. 
 `On the contrary, business can be conducted anywhere but you are right, I did not come up here to conduct business. I came to give you my condolences.'  `Thank you very much,' he said.  
`You say she wasn't your wife yet from what I've heard, you were very close to her?'  
`You heard correct,' he watched her.  
`And she wasn't your wife?' she asked but before he answered she was rumbling on, `I don't mean to ask all these questions but...' she suddenly stopped and bit her lip. This brought Gorham's attention to them. He realized she was indeed a beautiful woman and an intelligent one also. She reminded him of Diane. She suddenly said, `I should go.'  
`And I should get back to the celebration up there,' he pointed. She looked up and smiled. She had a beautiful smile. `For the permit, you will come to the castle...' his words hang expectantly.  
`Of course,' she curtsied again and then left.  
Gorham watched her for awhile then turned and went back up the stairs. He went to congratulate Alice as was expected then they went and had a dinner party. Everybody in the party knew that he did not approve the coronation but he would obviously do his best. For the last month they had been arguing whether they should crown her as queen given that Wendy was out there somewhere. But the argument had been won by the opposing side claiming that they do not know when Wendy will come back if she is even considering it. They argued that they needed a queen and the countries around them needed to see that they had a queen in order not to try and oppress them.  
It was two days later that the woman at the arena showed up. He couldn't believe that he had not asked her name but here she was being led into the office by another guard. Jared was in the office as usual. Gorham stood up instinctively as she curtsied, then he put out his hand to her.  
`Your Majesty,' she said as she shook his hand.  
`I'm sorry, Miss...' he chuckled, `I can't believe I didn't ask you your name at the arena.'  
`Completely understandable. If you hadn't said your name at the podium I wouldn't have remembered to ask it later on,' she was smiling so widely.  
`So what is your name?' he asked.  
`Sidney Storm.'  
`Sidney. That's a strange name.'  
`I'm a strange woman.' She laughed at that. Her laughter was infectious and so Gorham found himself laughing also. `Anyway, I come from a faraway land. I was born and stayed there for about five years of my early life. Then we stated to move again. My parents were merchants and I took over the trade when they died.'  
`So what do you trade in?'  
`Various things; clothing materials, shoes, and ornaments for common people.'  `What about for the uncommon people?' Gorham asked.  
`Well, we have artifacts from the other places very valuable and fashionable. We also have jewelry covered with diamond and rubies, emeralds just to mention a few. They are very valuable and look good too.'  
Gorham looked thoughtful for a second then asked, `In this business, you do it alone?'  
`I might have lied when I said I'm a merchant,' she confessed clasping her hand together. Gorham narrowed his eyes. `I might have started out as a merchant but I realized that traveling up and down was tiresome and so I open up shops where we can buy things and sell them and if another shop wants goods they just go and collect them from there.'  `So what you want is a permanent permit?'  
`Yes.'  
`That is a bit more complicated than a temporary one.'  
`I know and that's why I took my time to come and see you. I had to walk around and see that I needed to start a business here. I realized that the security here is great courtesy of the late queen,' she paused.  
`Yes, Diane,' he said sadly.  
But Sidney was here for business. She continued on, `Security is the first thing that I look for and I like it here. Second is the taxing. You have rates that are fairly high but as far as I saw it is fair enough. I wouldn't mind paying the tax and third, I like that your kingdom is connected to others and you do relate well with your neighbors. Those are the three things that I look for before I decided that I want to get a permanent permit and they are here. So I am willing to compromise and do whatever necessary to get.'  
`You really have a sweet tongue,' he said. She smiled at this though she had decided to remain serious. `In the course of your talking you commended every part of the leadership in the kingdom without even knowing it. But,' he paused as he looked at her, `the requirements we need you to meet aren't so hard but we will need at least two references of where you have been before so that we know who we are dealing with.'  
`Of course,' she said as she adjusted herself in the seat. That was the first time he noticed what was hanging on her neck.  
`Where did you get that?' he asked pointing at her neck. She looked down and lifted the necklace, `This,' she looked back at him, `A friend of mine had given it to me awhile back.'  `Where did he get it?' he asked not taking his eyes off it.  
`It was a she and I don't know where she got it from. Why do you ask?' her eyes searched his.  
`Diane used to have one just like it...' his voice trailed.  
`Oh!' she exclaimed in a soft voice. Then surprising him she reverted back to business.  
When they had concluded and she had left Gorham thoughtful. He was thinking about when Diane had got the necklace. He had seen her wear it several times and thought she looked great but like other things he had not asked about it. He eventually looked up at Jared.  
`I want you to send someone trusted to Diane's castle. I want them to check the cataloged list of her possessions and check specifically for all the necklaces that she owned. I want the descriptions of all of them.'  
`Why sir?' Jared asked though he had heard everything.  
`Because I just want to know if it is still there or who it was given to.'  `Do you think that she stole it?' he asked.  
`No. I just want to know its whereabouts.'  
After a long time news came back and he was informed that the necklace was missing. He decided to stop thinking about it. It was easy since he was used to blocking out things by now. After the permit had been granted he didn't see her for some time. Then Alice brought up the topic about her. She wanted to meet her since she had seen some of the jewels on other high class women but she couldn't just pull up in front of her shop. Gorham objected several times but after begging he agreed to send out word for Sidney. Sidney was picked up by Gorham's carriage. Apparently she had made the tavern her home. She walked out and Gorham got out of the carriage. She walked up to him.  
`You look great Miss Storm,' he said and he meant it. She wasn't wearing the customary large ball gown that other women used to wear instead hers was simpler and kind of showed off her figure. She had on her well known jewelries though hers was today much simpler and small. She had her hair up in a bun and her long neck was bare. He couldn't see the shoes but he could tell that she was a few inches taller.  
`Thank you, Your Majesty,' she curtsied before she took his hand and he helped her up the carriage. When the carriage started to move she said, `You have been avoiding me, Your Majesty.'  
`Why would you say that?' he asked not sounding surprised or disturbed by the accusation.  
`Because ever since I got my permit and I wanted to see you were conveniently busy.'  
`Why did you want to see me?'  
She was suddenly tongue-tied, `Does it matter why I wanted to see you?' she asked.  
`Yes,' he said. The carriage stopped and the door was opened. Gorham stepped out and gave his hand. She climbed down the steps then hanging on to Gorham's arm they were walking in to Alice's castle now. `It matters because I'm a very busy man.'  
`You are such a liar,' she whispered between her teeth. `This avoiding me just started when you saw the necklace.' She smiled at the people they were passing.  
`I don't see any evidence to prove that I've been avoiding you,' he said simply as they got ball room.  
She turned to him shocked. She almost shouted, `What?' then she heard their names being announced. She turned to find the room had turned to them. She smiled an embarrassed smile and as they walked in she whispered, `You are so bad.' He smiled at her. They stopped several times as they greeted the ambassadors to the other kingdoms. Everybody's eyes were on the woman though. They literally stared. They got to their table and Gorham pulled her a chair. He sat next to her with Nathan on his other side and Alice on Sidney's other side.  
Introductions went round the table. It was in bright light that he now saw her face clearly. Nothing had changed much except for the pink lips that appeared to be glistening. He found himself staring at her lips but he managed to tear his eyes away from them and turned to Nathan and he found that in spite of his wife being at his side he was ogling Sidney openly. Gorham turned his attention to something else. He concentrated on the band itself then after some time Sidney was standing in front of him. She said something. He didn't understand. `What are you saying?' he asked.  
`You aren't going to let me stand here like an idiot all night?' she asked and appeared irritated.  
`Why not?' he asked staring at her. He realized that he was enjoying tormenting her.  
`I want to dance and I've heard that it is customary to dance with your date first before everyone else and you are my date.' She waited for an answer.  
He took his time then said, `On one condition,' he stood up and looking at her eyes he said, `You will tell me about the necklace!' Her eyes became wide and she was dumbfounded. Everyone at the table and some from the other tables watched them intently.  
`Okay, you win,' she said defeated.  
`I like the sound of that.' He took her arm and led her to the dance floor. They started dancing. Sidney wasn't really into the dance now but as he continued to twirl her, she realized that he was showing her off. She smiled and finally was happily dancing all over the floor. She let him lead and she followed. He was a good dancer. Then the climax approached and they were concentrating. The audience thought that they would fall at one point or the other but they didn't. Finally the tune ended suddenly and she came crashing in to him.  
It took her a moment to catch her breath. All around them applause was taking place. She turned to look at him. He wasn't going to admit it but he had enjoyed it. She was escorted back to her seat and everyone could see her beaming with happiness. But then when Gorham had gone back to sit down, he was lost again in his own thoughts. She had finished with Alice, promising to bring her some of the jewels the following day. Nathan's wife Felicia also requested some.  
She tapped on Gorham's shoulder and he turned appearing to be a bit dazed. `You wanted to know about the necklace?'  
He looked around the table and noticed Nathan staring at the both of them. He stood up and helped her up. They said goodbye to their companions on the table and they left. Jared as usual was alert and the minute they were out he was going to call the carriage but Gorham waved him no. Back to the old routine, Jared mused as he walked some distance back.  
`The diamond comes from far away. It has its own story or legend. The people who live where it is from say that when someone dies, their spirit is carried away by angels to some beautiful, mystical place. And that when they are transporting you to that place they cry that you have left your previous home and if you were good in your life, the tears drop on the ground and form star-shaped flowers but when you were bad, the tears fall hard on the ground but stick together and thus the diamonds are formed.  
The people there believe that the diamonds from that particular valley can be used to trap spirits when they die. In the legend they say that the people used to take them and trap the spirits of those bad who had died in order not to make the angels cry the hard tears.'  
`How does one trap spirits in it?' Gorham asked. His heart was beating fast. Could there be a way that Diane was still alive? He asked himself.  
Sidney thought, `the rituals used to be performed by powerful people, most likely wizards and they were performed them a day or two before someone died.'  
`What happened after they were trapped? The spirits?'  
`The old books say that they were just cast into rivers. I don't know for sure,' she paused as she turned to look at him but it was hopeless. It was too dark to read the expression on his face. `You said that Diane had the same necklace, where did she get it from?'  
`I have no idea.'  
They were quiet for a long time as they continued to walk. Sidney shivered in the cold night. Gorham noticed. He turned back to Jared and signaled something. Then he took off his coat and surprised her by putting it on her. She mumbled thanks. The whole time they kept silent. The carriage came and pulled up next to them. It later stopped in front of the tavern. Gorham walked her in and then up the stairs. They stopped at her door.  
`Thank you for the night,' she said as she handed him his coat back.  
`You should get a better place to live in.'  
`Yes, I know,' then she stood on her toes and kissed his lips then as suddenly as that happened she was in her room with the door closed. Gorham lick his lips. They tasted of grapes. He smiled then turned to leave. He found Jared staring at him.  
*  
The next few days Sidney managed to keep her distance away from him. She had been so embarrassed by the kiss that night. Now, three days later, she had something that she just couldn't keep to herself. She went to Gorham's castle and was taken to the library where he was. News had already been dispatched that she was important.  
She burst into the private office saying, `You won't believe what I…' she stopped short when she realized Gorham wasn't in the office alone. Nathan turned to look at her. A guard appeared behind her and started to apologize. He also started to whisk Sidney away but Gorham raised his hand and the guard left.  
`Morning Sidney,' he said.  
`Morning Your Majesties,' she curtsied. Then the shock wore off, `I'm sorry for interrupting but,' she started to walk toward the table, `I found something interesting that I thought you should know.' She walked to Gorham's side. Nathan was intrigued. He had never seen anyone on the other side of the desk beside Gorham.  
She leaned next to him and opened the book that she had been carrying into the office. She had two necklaces at the page that she had opened. She picked both of them up put them in front of Gorham. `Can you tell the difference between the two of them?' she asked.  
Gorham studied both and then answered, `This one,' he pointed at the one on the right hand. `Is clearer than the other one.'  
`Yes,' she said then putting the one on the right hand behind her neck. The other one she put aside. `At first I thought that mine was just a better quality than the other one. But after going through the books I realized that the clear ones were picked at the valley itself while the unclear ones were picked in the river.' she said.  
Gorham had turned his seat and was listening intently to her. `So this was what supported the legend?' he asked.  
`Yes,' she smiled. `Tell me I'm a genius!' she was almost jumping up and down because of excitement.  
`You are a genius,' he indulged her.  
`So you know the way there is a bit of truth in every rumor and a bit of truth in every legend, well let's assume the legend is actually true because well, most things started to become legend when the wizards started dying out.' At this point Nathan became very attentive. `They were the people performing the rites and whatnot. Suddenly they weren't there and the diamonds in the valley have multiplied while the ones in the river have reduced in size. The smoky ones I realized that cost more than what I'm wearing but then they are much less in numbers. Then knowing all that, I searched through the books on anything that is described as smoky hazy or some other references like that then I find that the most interesting thing with a reference to smoky. The reference is to the Izanami clan,' She saw Gorham lean forward. `Exactly! Your Queen was from the Izanami clan which is a strong connection to the diamond in the necklace.'  
`Where did you get all that?'  
`I collect rare books as a hobby,' she shrugged. `Anyway, now we have someone from the Izanami clan and a diamond that is supposed to trap the spirit. What we now need to know is whether she knew she was dying or whether she knew a wizard...' She noticed the look on his face. 
`She knew both things!' she exclaimed.  
Gorham barely nodded. `Did you find out why someone would need to trap her own spirit?' 
`I was getting to that. I asked myself; why would they throw the diamonds in to the water after they had trapped the spirits?' She pointed to the book. Even Nathan leaned over to see. It was a picture of drowning people in a river. `Even though trapped, the Spirits, remember they were bad, cause havoc. Being concentrated in the river it was said that they drowned anyone who came in to the river. There are some accounts that some people kept the diamonds claiming that they were family. They found out later that the family was doing all the wrong things that the dead person had been doing.'  
There was silence in the room. Finally Gorham asked, `What if it was a good person's spirit being trapped?'  
`There is no account of that.'  
`Assuming what would happen...' Gorham looked at her questioningly.  
`First before I assume, I would ask myself; did she want her spirit to be trapped or if her spirit had been trapped without her knowledge...'  
`Assuming she wanted it...'  
`Then I would ask myself why? Did she just not want the angels to cry or did she want to pass something to someone else?' Gorham didn't answer. She said, `I am most intrigued by wizards. It is said that when they looked at you they could see your own spirit. So unless I am really wrong then I think that they can see the spirits or even talk to them.' She raised her shoulder then brought it down again. She closed the book and put the smoky diamond in her pocket.  
`Sidney,' he got up and surprisingly he hugged her, `You are a real genius.'  
She put her arms around him. `But I didn't help you much, did I?' 
`Do you think that I would have been able to figure that out by myself?' he pulled back and looked at her.  
`Oh my,' she pulled back completely, `I almost forgot.' she fished into her other pocket and pulled out something wrapped in a piece of cloth and put it in his hands. `I need you to keep it for me here tonight.' It is almost priceless and it leaves tomorrow to some duke somewhere. I forget his name.'  
`You could keep it in Alice's castle!'  
`I don't trust women with things like this. Besides,' she pulled herself up and kissed him on the cheek. `I want you to know why it's almost priceless.' Then she headed to the door.  
After she left Gorham opened the cloth and looked at an ill-shaped stone. It had several colors depending on how you held it. Nathan was watching him. When he finally finished looking at it and he wrapped it up, Nathan said, `She is a very strange woman!'  `Why would you say that?' he asked.  
`Well, she comes into town and barely two weeks later, she’s dining with kings and a queen.'  
`She has what people want.'  
`I don't buy the reason she is attracted to you.'  
`Who said she was attracted to me?'  
`She's always touching you and she just kissed you.' Gorham shook his head in disbelief. `And you are attracted to her too. What happened to Diane so fast?'  
`She died.'  
`But you are still looking for her.'  
`I am looking for her daughter.' he opened a book and said, `Let's get to work, please.'  
Nathan left it at that. He kept wondering though about this woman. He didn't like her but that may be just because he felt attracted to her. He wondered why Gorham who was older seemed to get the best women but him; he was stuck with his wife. He stared at Gorham and could see how the weight of the whole kingdom lay on his shoulder. He still didn't wish to become him.  
The following day Sidney walked into Gorham's business office. She was escorted by two armed men and another unarmed man. Gorham's own guards had come into the office in case something happened. Sidney and the unarmed man came forward.  
`Afternoon Your Majesty,' she curtsied and the man bowed in respect. Gorham as usual stood up and greeted both of them. `I came for the stone!'  
`Yes,' he opened one of the drawers and removed the stone in its wrapping. He handed the stone to Sidney. She in turn took it and put it in a case that the man next to him was carrying. She locked it with a key and handed the key to one of the guards. They bowed and then walked away. Finally it was only Gorham, Sidney and Jared in the room.  
`Please have a seat,' he said.  
`Thank you,' she sat down and looking at him in a strange way asked, `Did it help?'  
`The stone?' he asked rhetorically. `Yes, as a matter of fact. I can see why it is priceless.'  `I didn't say it is priceless. I said it was almost priceless.'  `What's the difference?' he was confused.  
`It has one fatal flaw. The way it makes the dream so realistic one can die in his or her sleep.' Gorham raised his eyebrow. `If you are to have a good dream, it will make it even better than it was but if you were to have a bad dream, then the nightmare will be heightened.' 
`You couldn't have known that I wasn't going to have a bad dream.'  
`But the stone has a mind of its own. When you are sad, it works only on the good dreams and I knew you were sad, so...'  
Gorham almost didn't believe her but then he had never seen something that worked that way before. `Where did you get it?'  
`All these questions,' she laughed but they both knew she wasn't going to answer the question.  
So he asked instead, `What about the duke? Does he know the dangers?'  
`Of course, I have given the stone to him before and he understands how it works. He's only borrowing it for awhile.'  
`So it will get back to you?'  
Sidney's eyes stared at him lazily. `Yes, but I will not give it to you.'  
`Why not?'  
`Because like everything else that brings a sense of joy, it is addictive and I don't want you to become addicted to it. Besides, I think that you can handle your sadness and maybe one day you will realize that there is no need to feel that way.'  
Gorham didn't say anything and for the moment Sidney thought that she might have angered him. He said, `You are the most intuitive person I know.' She was relived. `But why do you give it to other people then?'  
`It's business. They pay handsomely to have the stone for a week or a month I'm yet to receive an order for a year but one day I will get it.'  
He thought about it then surprised Sidney by saying, `You don't just have one stone, there are several of them!' 
She smiled, `You know, come to think of it, you are the most intuitive man I've met.'  
As expected Gorham started spending a lot of time with Sidney. She was always telling him something new about something mainly the jewels but he was always being fascinated by them. Then she showed him her collection of books. He was expecting ten books and was surprised to see hundreds of them. If she were to start a library then it would be a big as the one in Alice's castle.  
Then one day Gorham invited her to dinner at his castle. It was just the two of them. She was wearing a pale dress that turned to gray almost to the bottom. Her hair this time was down but it was straight and as usual he couldn't see the shoes. She looked so elegant. She came and sat down. They went through the preliminaries and finally he handed her a wrapped package.  
She opened it. It was a large clear stone but it wasn't a diamond. She gasped. `The Ikhnaton 
Stone.'  
`I assume you know the story?'  
`Yes,' she said in a low voice, she touched the stone lightly and it turned as pale as her dress. Then she just stared at it as it changed back to colorless. She recited the story sadly, `It is said that a once powerful king gave his young bride the stone for her wedding present. She loved it so much because it was made only for her and that her husband had specified the jeweler to cut it specifically to his taste. The bride wore the stone around her neck until the day she died and that the stone absorbed all her emotions and when the king gave his second wife the same stone it was always changing color. He didn't understand why.' She turned to look at Gorham. `I can't wear this.' `Why not?' he asked a bit bewildered. He had thought that she would love it.  
`When the man came to buy this, I thought he was buying it for his wife and not you to give to me. I would have sold him something different.'  
`So you don't like it?'  
`No, I love it. It's just that the story on the pamphlet wasn't the whole story. I left some parts of the story out.'  
`So tell me the whole story then.'  
She turned back to look at the necklace and smiled a sad smile. `The story is true on the part where the king gave his wife the stone but it was the wife who turned it into a necklace so that she could wear it everywhere. The king was in love with her as she was in love with him but as years passed the king realized something. His wife wasn't aging. Then after sometime he found out that his wife was a wizard.  
`It was because of the fact that she was a wizard that her emotions got filtered into the stone before they came out. Anyway, the king went to his council and asked what they were to do. They came to the wife and she knew they knew. They brought her to court accusing her of bewitching the king. She denied all that but couldn't deny that she was a wizard. It was the first time that she felt sadness ever since she had started putting on the necklace.  
`They judged her guilty and tried to kill her in every way they could think of but it turned out she was one of the most powerful wizards at the time. Finally when they thought that they were doomed she came up to the council and told them that if they really wanted to kill her that she would only let one person kill her. Her husband.  `So he debated and debated on what to do. In reality he was still in love with her and every time he heard that she was still alive after they tried to kill her he would be relieved. But now he had to act as a king and show his people that he would not condone being lied to.  
`He came with the intention of killing her and she could see it. She felt disappointment. He came and stood in front of her. He wielded his sword to her and everyone watched as the sword turned to the weapon known to kill wizards. The wife felt death, the final emotion. She was killed by her husband. They waited to see if she would rise again and finally they knew they had killed her.  
`The husband was distraught. He must have hoped that she would not die but she was gone for good. The weapon was kept safe for some years to come. The king got married again and surprising everyone he gave his wife the same necklace. He had retrieved it from his dead wife's body. It was passed down for generations until it got lost at some point in history.' she turned to Gorham who was listening to a history he had never heard before. `Do you know who the king was?' she asked him.  
`No.'  
`His name was King Izanami, father of the Izanami clan!' Gorham was speechless. `There is a lot of history in jewels.'  
`So I suppose you didn't want to part with it?'  
`No, I had kept it safe for a long time and I thought it was about time I parted with it...'  
`Only to have it come back to you?'  
She smiled. `You can't argue with fate. Can you put it on me?' she asked.  
`I thought you didn't want it?' Gorham asked.  
`It would be rude for me not to wear it even once.' Gorham stood up and went to put the necklace on her while she held up her hair. After it was tied she let go of her hair and stood up before him. `How does it look?' she asked.  
`It's changing color,' he said. Sidney didn't say anything; she was just looking at him. His eyes came back to hers. She was waiting. He leaned down and their lips met. He kissed her slowly and he felt as if all his worries were ebbing away and something peaceful was settling in. finally he pulled away. He smiled as he said, `I think you have bewitched me!' her eyes showed worry. He laughed at that, `I'm only kidding.' He leaned over to kiss her again. `I just really like you.'  
Then the door burst open and Nathan was walking in. He stopped short when he saw Gorham holding Sidney close and their lips were locked on each other. Nathan coughed. They parted lips but 
Gorham didn't look at him. `What is it Nathan?'  
`I think that Alice might have declared war to the Astrakhan's.'  
`Isn't there anything that you can do?' he asked finally turning to him.  
`Our relationship with the Astrakhan's isn't that stable yet. I don't think that I can persuade them to ignore the threat.'  
Gorham grunted. He turned to Sidney and caressing her face he said, `I have to go fix this.'  
`Okay.' She looked down disappointed. Gorham tilted her head up to his and kissed her again. He left her out of breath and then walked out. Nathan stared at her. There was something in his eyes that she couldn't explain but he followed Gorham out the door.  
Gorham had gone into the conference room not with charm but with logic. He wasn't talking about how the Astrakhan's were esteemed but he directly attacked Alice and convinced the Astrakhan's that she had not been fully informed of the treaty they had. The ambassadors seemed to agree. Later on he went to Alice and after giving her a lecture on what to say and what not to say when talking to delegates he went home.  
He thought about Sidney. He knew he was falling in love with her and he knew he couldn't help it. She was everything that attracted him. She had a mind of her own and didn't follow conventional norms and traditions. Then she was attractive physically. Most of all he left him wondering what her skin felt like underneath the dresses that she wore. He fell asleep thinking about her.  
The following day she surprised him by coming into his office. She was still wearing the necklace. `Please take it off, I've tried everything and it just won't come off,' she said without any greetings.  
`Why wouldn't it come off?' he asked.  
`I don't know. I did try everything but it didn't help a thing.' she took a deep breath. `It must have been charmed by the wizard. I don't know... please take it off,' she begged.  
`Okay,' he stood up and unhooked it. `There it's off.' He looked at her like she was not in her right mind.  
`How did you?' she looked at him in shock then she realized something. `I swear it refused to come off.'  
`But you just had to unhook it...'  
Sidney interrupted him, `I'm not crazy. You put it on me and I felt different then when I tried to remove it, it simply refused.' Gorham just stared at her. She collapsed on the chair exhausted.  
`Maybe you are just being paranoid because you know that it did belong to a wizard.'  
`Maybe, but to show you,' she stood up again. `Put it on me again.' He did what he was told and put it on her. Before his very eyes he saw her unhook it but it didn't come off. She pulled it out with all her strength but it didn't come off. Then he touched it and it just fell off. `I told you. It seemed the person who put it on is the only one who can remove it!'  `Haven't you put it on yourself before?' he asked.  
She shook her head. `No. I did try but I couldn't. It was as hard as taking it off.'  
`So when you told me you couldn't wear it you didn't think I would be able to put it on you?'  `I was surprised it came on.' She wiped her face.  
`So will you put it on now that you know I can remove it?'  `Why?' she looked at him curiously.  
`Because I think that it suits you!' he took the necklace and was about to put it on her again but he stopped. `You said you felt different.'  
`Complete, like a part of me had been missing all these years.'  
`Not like you are being possessed, I hope.'  
She laughed, `No not at all.' He put it on her and was surprised to see it adjust itself to suit the dress. This made her laugh even more. `No wonder she wore it everywhere, it adjusted itself to suit the occasion.'  
And the color changed to pink this time. She turned and looked at him, `Tell me I'm not crazy?'  
`You are not crazy!' He leaned over and kissed her. At the corner of his eyes, Jared saw them rise from the ground. His jaw dropped open. Then they started coming down slowly and were on the ground. Then Gorham whispered, `I want to be with you tonight!'  `I'll be waiting.' Then she left.  
Gorham finished his work for the day then he went and changed into his riding clothes. He did not want to be carried by his carriage when going to see the woman. Jared and two other guards accompanied him as they did not want people to make a fuss of everything. Sidney had already moved from the tavern and was living in a small house but it suited her. When they got there, Gorham dismounted and left his horse with the guards. They had also dismounted and tied the horses in a nearby tree. They watched their boss make his way to the house and knocked. The door opened.  
Sidney was standing there in a very short garment and it was a thin material. Gorham stared dumfounded. With the light on behind her he could see the outline of her body. She smiled at him then pulled him into the house. She had made him dinner but he found it hard to eat when she looked like that. He left the food and carried her to the bedroom where he put her down.  
She started undoing his buttons and then pulled the shirt over his head. Her hands drew patterns on his chest as he continued to watch her. Her hands went down a bit and she undid his belt buckle and pulled the trousers off. She was taking her sweet time. She pushed him on the bed but she remained standing. She pulled off her dress over her head. She wasn't wearing a thing underneath but he already knew that.  
She went down on her knees and took off his boots. Then she was up again and he was staring at her body. Then he could take waiting for so long. He pulled her to him and for the first time kissed her that night. He laid her on the bed and climbed up on top of her. He kept kissing her and caressing her body and she was becoming impatient. She tried to move to have him enter her but it was his time to torment her. When he finally thrust into her she moaned with pleasure.  
She was different to any other woman he had been with including Diane. She told him what she wanted. He felt her approach climax. Her skin which had been initially cool on her body was glistening with sweat and then her body was experiencing spasms and now not caring what was going on. He concentrated on his own pleasure and at the back of his mind he heard her cry out in pleasure. He let go inside her and buried his head in her shoulder. He collapsed next to her exhausted.  
He found that he was waking up in the morning next to her. She was still asleep and her leg was over his. Her head was on his chest and her arm like her leg was across his body. He hadn't noticed that she still had the necklace on. He wondered what the color had been when they were making love. He stayed still and waited until she stirred. She looked up at him and smiled.  
`Hi,' he said.  
`Hi to you too.' They stayed like that for a long time then Sidney stood up. `I have to get to work.'  
He watched her walk around the room until she finally covered herself then he got dressed. He didn't know what to say and so after kissing her again. He left the house. He found his horse ready and they rode back to the castle.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Then it became almost like a routine and news spread like wild fire. At first it was just speculation then after some people confirming it, it became the hottest gossip. Then one morning after Gorham had left the house, there was a knock on the door. She went and opened it and found a man dressed as a royal guard standing at the door. She let him in.  
`Do you have a message from Gorham for me?' she asked.  
`Sort of.'  
`What do you mean by sort of?' she narrowed her eyes at him.  
`I actually have a message for you to give him.'  
`What are you talking about?' she had a bad feeling about this. 
 `Well, your royal boyfriend made a mock out of me when he slept with my wife. Now I'm here to repay the debt. I am going to sleep with you.'  
`I would never allow you to come close to touching me!' she said as she almost spit. Something about him repulsed her that much. She moved away.  
`I wasn't asking you for your permission.' he moved towards her. Sidney instinctively pulled the table to block the path as turned on her heel. She sprinted out of the room and went to pass through the back door. She started running through the street shouting for someone to help her but the man caught up with her. He pulled her hair back and started dragging her back to the house. She was struggling all the while and when they got to the house he pinned her to the wall. She tried to push him away but he just laughed.  
`Stop being pathetic. If my wife was the leader of a whole army and I still used to get what I wanted from her what makes you think that you will be an exception?' he laughed.  
Sidney suddenly realized who it was. `Eric!'  
`Good now that we know each other, how about we get over with it.' His one hand went down and started to unbuckle his own belt. Sidney knowing that it was now or never. Kick him in the groin and he let go of her. She tried to reach out the door again but Eric grabbed her tearing her light dress off. She was half naked now and that made him more excited. But she wasn't going to make it that simple for him.  
Something made her try kicking him in the gut but he caught her leg. Both realizing at the same time the significance of this, Sidney grabbed the door knob just as Eric tried to pull her. She stayed hanging in the air. She twisted her body and brought her other leg crushing on to Eric's face. The shock made him loosen his grip and she pulled her leg away from him. She came crushing down on the floor.  
She scrambled to her feet and knowing that she won't be able to open the door before he caught her again she ran passed it and doubled back to the living room. But the table was blocking her path. She was going to jump on it and slid over it but when she was midair she changed her mind. Her body turned and she came crushing down on Eric. Her elbow hit his head hard and he was disoriented for the moment. She landed on her feet. She turned round and kicked him in the head again and this sent him crushing to the wall.  
Eric was now aware that they were actually fighting. He blocked out the pain but he still couldn't help being disoriented. He came charging at Sidney. She grabbed his arm and in one swift motion turned going to her knees. She pulled hard twisting his hand and standing up. Eric was soaring in the air and he turned almost upside-down and he hit his back on the table and came crashing down head first.  
She turned half walking half running towards the back door. She opened it and saw a horse coming to a stop in front of her. She collapsed on the ground. She wasn't about to start another fight with this one.  
She woke up with a start and saw a woman sitting next to her bed. She smiled at her. `You are fine, don't worry,' she said.  
`What happened? Who are you?' she asked.  
`I'm your neighbor. I saw you running out of your house and I saw the other man running after you. When you started calling for help I knew there was something wrong. So I got out of the house and started running to my husband's post. Luckily I know a short-cut. He came here and saw you emerge from the house then you collapsed on the ground.' 
`That was your husband?'  
`Yes,' the woman watched her curiously. `He said that when he went into the house he found the other man was knocked out cold. How did you do it?'  `He has been taken away?' she asked.  
`Yes, I went and called other guards and by the time that he was waking up he had been put in chains.'  
`Thank you.'  
`No need to thank me. He was out cold by the time my Nicholas arrived. How did you do that anyway?' she asked again.  
`I was afraid, I guess...' her voice trail. She had even shocked herself by what she had done but she couldn’t give any other explanation.  
`Let me go get Nicholas, he will need a statement from you before they do anything to the intruder.' She left her there. Sidney tried to relax but she wouldn't. Then the shock was finally wearing off and she felt like crying but the door to her room opened and Nicholas and his wife walked in. She was glad that there was a woman in the room with them otherwise she wouldn't have felt comfortable with this stranger alone.  
He came near the bed but not so near. He appeared to be afraid but he hid it well. `Miss, we will need a statement from you explaining what happened. We will need a full name first.'  `My name is Sidney Storm and I …' but the woman interrupted.  
`You are the one who has been seeing the king?' she asked. Sidney nodded. She didn't see what hiding that fact would do to help her. The woman turned to her husband, `This is the king's girlfriend. You have to let him know.'  
`Let who know what?'  
`King Gorham, he has been seeing her!' Nicholas turned to look at the woman on the bed. He had to admit she was beautiful and maybe... but his wife cut in. `What are you waiting for?' she demanded. Nicholas excused himself. The only person he was afraid of rather than the leaders was his wife. After sometime they heard horse hooves leaving then Nicholas came back into the room.  
`If the king comes I will need to know all the information I can to tell him.' he looked at his wife slightly then turned to Sidney, `Why don't you tell me what happened?'  
By the time horse hooves were approaching he knew everything that he needed to know. He went down stairs and was surprised to see the king himself dismounting. He hadn't even changed to his riding cloths. He demanded to know what had happened. Nicholas took the initiative.  
`It was Eric, the late queen's husband …'  
`Oh God!' he said as he was walking towards the bedroom. Nicholas noted that he knew the direction well. He entered the room and stopped short when he saw Sidney in bed. The people following almost bumped into him. They watched as he slowly walked to the bed and Sidney sat up. He sat on the bed next to her, `Are you alright?' he asked and finally as if she was waiting to hear those words she couldn't stop the tears from flowing. Gorham took her in his arm and just listened to her sob. At the door Jared pushed everyone back and closed the door behind him.  
Sidney cried until she was sure there were no more tears. Then she pulled back. He wiped the tears from her face. `What happened?' he asked.  
`Eric came here. I didn't know him but I thought you had sent him so I let him in. He told me he wanted revenge because you slept with Diane. I still didn't know what he was talking about but I ran. I managed to get out of the house but he caught me and dragged me back in. Then he started telling me how useless it was to fight him,' then the tears started again, `Did you know he used to rape his wife?'  
Gorham stared straight his face was blank for a while then she saw the sadness in them. He shook his head, `No.' Then there were tears in his own eyes and it was Sidney's turn to comfort him. `She never said anything!'  
`She didn't have the courage to do so. She was a queen who was in charge of the army and the best fighter. She couldn't let people know what happened to her.'  
`She could have written it in the diary...'  
`She probably didn't want you to know. She still had her pride.' she rubbed his back as he came back under control. He pulled back and looked at her. It was she who had gone through it he didn't have a right to cry. At least not now.  
`He didn't hurt you, did he?' he asked in a calm voice but there was anger in his eyes.  
`No. At first I just wanted to escape him then something held me back and I couldn't let him go away like that. And I fought him. I don't even know where it came from.'  `You don't know how to fight?' he asked.  
She hesitated before answering, `No.‟ Gorham was thoughtful for a while then he lay down next to her.  
`I need you to relax, I will deal with this.' he brushed her hair from her face. She closed her eyes.  
Jared went to talk to Nicholas. The latter had explained to him what had happened at least what Sidney told him. `It just isn't possible that she fought him the way she did. She's considerably smaller in size and furthermore she doesn't have any skills whatsoever!' `So what are you saying?' Jared asked pretending to be curious.  
But Nicholas wasn't saying anything substantial. `She managed to knock out a warrior who had been the best in his own time without even having any kind of skills.'  
`What did she say was the reason?'  
`She said she was scared and after the fear there was just a need for flight. She doesn't even know what happened for sure.'  
`What about Eric? What's his take on the fight?'  
`He isn't talking...' The door to the bedroom opened and Gorham walked out. Everyone turned to him.  
He walked to where Nicholas was, `When she wakes up I want her to be taken to my castle.'  `Yes Your Majesty,' he said bowing.  
Gorham turned to Jared, `You know where he is being held?' He nodded. `You are taking me there!' he ordered. They rode to the holding cell. Jared kept close, he had seen the anger in his eyes. He was showed where Eric was put. He had no chains and was roaming around the cell. The guard opened it and left him to go in. Jared was about to go in with him but he said he needed to talk in private with him.  
Eric stared at him contemptuously. He watched as the latter walked in the cell. Gorham was thinking how to begin. Then finally he said, `Why did you have to go after Sidney?'  
`She is your girl. I'm sure a learned person like you knows about revenge.'  
`But I didn't force Diane to sleep with me!'  
`You don't get it do you?' he was starting to pace. `I was married to her for twenty three years and not once in those years did she even come close to wanting me. Initially I thought she would warm up to me but she didn't. After she was captured then she came back, things became even worse. Then I thought that she was in love with someone else. I started going over my head thinking about who it might have been. At one point I did think that it was you but I dismissed it for a while. Then I realized that though she hated going over books she would come back happy.  
I even spied on the two of you but nothing happened. I would have preferred that you have an affair with her then than to have her actually in love with you. I hated you and I took it out on her.' He chuckled as if remembered a happy memory. `When I heard that you read the diary I thought that you would come to kill me then surprise, I was being let out.'  
`She didn't write anything about her having been raped by you.'  
`You talk as if it was once,' he smiled ruefully at him. `The first time I did it was very exhilarating but I was expecting to have been summoned by the council, nothing like that came. It became my style. Whatever time I would want her I just had to go to her.' He saw Gorham wince. `Then she brought that Victor Raymond along. Believe me I was surprised. She had gone and found herself a bodyguard. He used to know when I planned to have her and he would come and interrupt.  
I thought that if I started a rumor he would go away and so I was the first person to say that she was having an affair with him but surprise to me a third time. He got promoted and again promoted and it got to the point where when I went to see her, he was sitting there watching, waiting. I got so frustrated. But I could see that it made you squirm and I knew it was a matter of time before you took him out of the equation. Then the forth surprise, you kiss her.'  
`You still had no right to attack Sidney!’
 `But I did have a right! You had a go at my wife it was only fair I have a go at your girlfriend given that you haven't ever gotten married.' Then Gorham got out. `Where the hell are you going?'  
`I've heard enough.'  
`But don't you want to know how she fought me off if Diane herself couldn't?' Gorham stopped mid-step. He turned to look at him and waited. He took his time, `I didn't think that she was so hard, for goodness sake I used to bed the queen without much problem.' He didn't see Gorham clench his fists. `She is not normal.'  
`What do you mean by not normal?'  
`I was told when I was being questioned that she didn't have any skills...'  
`It might have been fate that intervened.'  
`Maybe,' he shrugged. `But do you know what I will tell the council given that you cannot prosecute me?'  
`What?'  
`I will tell them she is a wizard!' he looked at him challengingly. Gorham grabbed the cage in anger. `I will tell them I had my own suspicions about her and since these days you cannot be trusted in the case of wizards I will say I went to confirm it. It will be my word against hers and the council will see no reason to prosecute me. The most they will do is exile me but what I say will be enough to cast suspicion on her.'  
Gorham removed his hand on the cell and Eric could see the iron has turned red hot. The former walked away. Jared came up to him when they were outside. `What did he say?' he asked curiously but not demanding an answer.  
`He's going to accuse Sidney of being a wizard during his trial!'  
`But no one will believe him!' 
`It won't be enough. The seeds of suspicion will have already been sawed and he might just walk away a free man.' He mounted his horse.  
Jared did mount his also. `What will you do then?'  
`Try to get him convicted without hearing his side of the story.'  
`And if it doesn't work?'  
Gorham looked at him like he should know the answer to that but he didn't say anything. They started to ride away.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	* 
The council, because of Gorham's insistence, decided to hear the case as soon as possible. They heard the witnesses say what they saw starting with Nicholas' wife who described how Sidney was running away and how Eric had come grabbing her and dragging her back to the house. She finished by saying that she went to fetch her husband who was a guard. It was Nicholas who came next and described how just as he got there, Sidney was running out of the door then she collapsed when she saw him. He described the scene and the state that he had found Eric in and then he explained the procedure he had followed to get the statement and left the council nodding their approval.  
Then finally came Sidney's turn. She walked into the room and everyone who was looking at her turned to Gorham who was did not take his eyes off her. They could see that he was in love with her. Almost as much as he had loved Diane. Then Sidney was being questioned. She answered steadily until it got to the part where she found out that it was Eric. She turned to Gorham and skipped the part where Eric confessed that he raped Diane. There was no use tainting her name now.  
Then again she faltered and then admitted that she did not know how she had finally defeated him. But she had seen he was down and wasn't going to take her chances staying in the house and so she got out. At the end the council wanted answers on how she had defeated Eric but she had no satisfactory answer. Eventually she went out and left the council to debate the verdict. Alice and Nathan had no say in it. They just watched as the council debated and Gorham intervene in the part where they wanted a statement from Eric. The council agreed that they needed to hear from Eric. They watched Gorham storm out. His last faith in the council dissipating with every step that he made.  
Sidney had been waiting outside. She went and accompanied him to the carriage. She saw his bad mood. Finally she asked, `What happened?' she asked hanging on his arm. They were going to his castle.  
`Nothing.'  
`Nothing wouldn't make you storm out of the council room!'  
`Just let it go!' he said. Sidney kept quiet. When they got to the castle, he disengaged her arm from his and he headed to his office. Jared was following. When he got to the office he asked not to be disturbed and he closed the door behind him with Jared out. Gorham went to his desk and sat down then he concentrated. He took his time and eventually located Eric's cell in his mind. He could see him there getting ready to go to court. He concentrated even more and could see that it was happening. Then the walls were moving together and he could see him screaming for help and then the walls flattened him. He opened his eyes then opened the book in front of him and started to read.  
News came almost thirty minutes later. Jared came and knocked at the door then opened it. Gorham looked up, `Sir, we have bad news.'  
`What?' 
 
`Eric is dead, sir.'  
`Oh!' then he looked back to his book. Jared took that as a dismissal. Sidney came down after hearing the commotion that was taking place.  
Jared came to her before she got down, `I don't think that you should hear this Miss Storm.' He started leading her back up but a messenger had already seen her.  
`Miss Storm, I was told to give you the news,' Sidney turned to him and came down the stairs.  
`What news?' she asked when she got down.  
`Eric is dead.'  
`How?' she asked in surprise.  
`He was crushed by the walls in his cell.'  
`Oh my!' she said. She didn't know what else to say.  
Jared came next to her but he addressed the messenger, `You have given your message, and now leave.' Sidney stared at him confused. She didn't understand the animosity between Gorham's castle and the council. Instead of the messenger going away he just watched as Jared guided her up the stairs. He then turned and went to report it to the council.  
`What is going on?' Sidney asked.  
`Nothing,' he said and then went away after he got to the door of the master bedroom.  
But then instead of going into the room, she back tracked and went into Gorham's office. She found him sitting there without a worry of what has happened.  
`What's going on?' she asked for the third time.  
`Nothing,' again the same answer.  
`Don't tell me that! I know there is something going on and it concerns you.' He was staring at her with no answer. This made her even angrier than she was. `You start by storming out of the council hall and now there was a messenger here who was literally thrown out of your castle. Then I hear that Eric is dead...'  
`Did you want him alive?' he asked leaning back on his chair.  
`How can you ask me that? I'm the one who want him dead more than anything but I thought that the law will do the deed.'  
`He wasn't going to be convicted. He would have walked free. It was your word against his.'  `And why would you think that?'  
`You are a stranger who just moved in to town accusing one of the top citizens of attempted rape. What do you think would have happened? He was married to Diane for twenty three years and all of a sudden he wants to rape someone!'  
`He used to rape his wife...'  
`And no one knew. They would have asked me if there was any account that she mentioned being raped in her diary but there wasn't and I couldn't lie.'  
Sidney was heaving deeply, `If you can't lie then answer me this, did you give an order to have Eric killed?'  
`No,' he stared at her. She stared at him in unbelief. She was about to say something but Gorham beat her to it. `I was the one who killed him.' Sidney who was about to say something suddenly closed her mouth. She opened it again and then closed it. Knowing that she wouldn't say anything that she wanted to say she turned and walked away.  
She went back to her house where though she wasn't comfortable she felt safe. It was as if she was being watched and the minute she was back someone came and questioned her on her knowledge of the Eric's death. They must have interpreted her shock for Gorham having been the one who killed him to the shock that he was actually murdered.  
Days passed and eventually the story died down. The people who had been suspecting Gorham of the murder realized that he was morally incapable of doing that. He could not do something to break one of the strongest rules. Then there were those who suspected the one with the strongest motive, Sidney. Though she seemed to not have recovered from the shock of Eric's death, it seemed to hit her even more than the aspect of almost being raped. She wasn't the one. Finally they concluded that it was an act of fate. He had it coming to him anyway.  
So two weeks later Gorham couldn't take it that he was away from Sidney. She still wasn't responding to any of his messages and even refused to accompany him to another ball at Alice's castle. Eventually Jared suggested, out of nowhere, `Why don't you just go and see her for yourself instead of sending people to do that!'  `I'm busy.'  
`Too busy to see her slip out of your hands. Maybe what she wants is to know that you aren't too busy to see her. That you would do anything to have the relationship work.'  
Gorham was quiet for a while thinking. Then he turned to Jared, `Do you have a girlfriend?' he asked.  
He saw Jared hesitate but he answered, `No, sir. I work full time.'  
`You should take some time off.'  
`Your safety first. Unless I'm sure that you will be fine, I cannot take a break.' 
Gorham thought it wise not to argue on that he came back to the topic of Sidney, `What do you think she wants? I killed Eric for her piece of mind!'  
`Maybe she doesn't see it that way. She knows you loved Diane with all your heart. She knows Diane was married to Eric and she knows you know Eric raped Diane several times,' he saw Gorham frown at that but he continued. `She knows you would have done anything for Diane and even though she is dead her memory is there.'  
`But I killed him because I knew he was going to carry out the threat of saying that she is a wizard...'  
Jared interrupted, `Then go tell her that. Go tell her how you heard it from his own mouth that he did that to Diane and you didn't do anything. You waited until you were sure he was going to testify so as to silence him for her sake.' His voice lowered to almost a whisper. `Go tell her that you couldn't bear to see another person you love to die under the cursed queen's weapon.'  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Gorham took Jared's advice, astonishingly, and at the end of the day he went to Sidney's shop. But as he entered she didn't react. She was busy with a customer and completely ignored him. He waited until she was done with her then he went to the counter. She moved away as if she didn't notice him. Everyone in the shop was watching in amusement.  
`Sidney, please I need to talk to you,' he said as he followed her around. `Stop ignoring me please.'  
She stopped and turned to him, `Then talk!'  
`In private?'  
`I’m not going anywhere,' she said as she started to move again. Gorham turned to Jared and nodded. The latter started to escort people out of the shop. He even went out in the back and removed everyone who was working there. Eventually they were only the two of them in the shop. Jared also decided to leave knowing that he should not probably get to see his boss beg. `There goes business for the day!' she retorted.  
`Why have you been avoiding me?' he asked.  
`Why?' she shook his head unbelievably. `You killed someone for reasons that seem to elude me.' She turned away.  
`I killed him to keep him quiet.'  
`But you have blood on your hands!' Gorham didn't answer. `Tell me you didn't kill him because of what he did to Diane?'  
`I won't lie to you about that. It partly had something to do with Diane but that was not why 
I killed him.'  
`Then why?' she folded her arms in front of her body.  
`I went to see Eric after I had seen you. He told me what he did to Diane and I admit I hated him for it. I blamed myself because I thought it was my fault. I practically threw her at him.'  
`From what I've heard, she was to marry the best warrior and that was what she did. She was doing her duty.'  
`But she came to me because she did not want to marry him and told me she was in love with someone else but it was because of my jealousy that I threw her to him so yes when I killed Eric I thought that was what he deserved for treating Diane like that.' He stared at her. `I could have killed him when I saw him at the cell but I wanted justice the legal way. I tried to stop him being called up to testify.'  
`Why do that?'  
`I couldn't let him accuse you of...'  `Of what?' she asked curiously.  
`Nothing,' he kept quiet. He passed his hand through his hair and turned to look at the door. `I came here intending to tell you everything but I seem not to be able to do that. I should go, I'm sorry for interrupting your day.' He left.  
Sidney went back to work but she couldn't concentrate. She kept wondering what Eric was going to say which would have been so bad. And if he was trying to get her back then he didn't make a good argument at all. What was she thinking? He hadn't lost her, she just wanted the truth and she got part of that today. Maybe he just didn't trust her enough but she also didn't trust him enough. She had to work on that and she couldn't blame him if she was the one initially who didn't trust him. What did she have to hide? But she knew the answer. She wouldn't tell him that yet. She would have to wait until they had everything settled.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	*  
Jared was ready to have his week's vacation courtesy of Gorham. He waited until the former had gone to bed then he headed out. Going to the stairs he met Sidney coming up. He nodded his greeting and let her pass. He was glad that at least it was going to work out after everything Gorham had done for her. She smiled at him as she passed.  
Jared went to the stables and took his horse, then he rode to his house. The house was dark but as he entered he could feel the heat in the house. He turned on a lantern and looked around. It had been a while since he had been in the house but he could see that his room-mate left him food on the table. “How did he know he was coming today?” He wondered. He ate the food then went to his room. There was figure in the bed. He tiptoed in the room hoping that he wouldn’t wake the person up but wasn't so lucky.  
`Hi, Jared?' a voice called.  
`Hi, Martin, I thought you were asleep!' 
`I was but I heard your horse arriving. Then I heard the noise in the kitchen...'  
`I couldn't find the spoons.'  
`I rearranged the place. Do you like it?'  
Jared hadn't noticed anything different but he agreed. `Yes, looks great.' He put his sword at the side of the wardrobe then started unbuttoning his shirt. His eyes had adjusted to the moonlit room and he could see Martin watching him.  
`How is Gorham?' he asked.  
`Fine, same as always,' Jared answered curtly.  
`Everybody seems to think that he might have killed Eric. He has the powers of the earth!'  
Jared stopped with the buttons thinking about what to say. `I'm sorry about your father!'  
Martin's head hit the bed but his eyes wear still on him. `He wasn't much of a father. I wouldn't miss him. I can't believe he tried to rape Sidney Storm!'  
`But you just lost two parents in the course of a few months. Aren't you sad?'  
`I was sad for my mother...' there was a long pause then he continued. `I'm still sad. She was disappointed that we weren't that active in the field but she had accepted it. She did love us. Not as much but it was enough!'  
`You do come from a dysfunctional family!'  
`Most royal families are! Blame it on the secrets,' he chuckled.  
`What about your brother? How is he coping with everything?' Jared started folding the shirt and put it away. He started removing his boots. 
 `Doesn't seem to notice what's happening around him. His focus is on Alice. It seems he’s infatuated with her!' There was another long pause. `He has even gone back to training just to impress her.'  
`A lot of work,' Jared smiled. He removed his trousers. `What do you plan to do next?'  `Don't know.'  
Jared could feel his eyes on him. He was always fascinated by how Martin would openly stare at him. `You could talk to Sidney Storm, she might have something that might require your talents!'  
`After what my father tried to do to her?'  
`She's a bit open minded than to blame the son for the sins of the father.'  
`I see you have gauged her already,' Martin scooted over and opened the bed cover. Jared slipped into the bed. They stared at each other then Martin touched his shoulder and then his arm. 
`You are strong!' he said to himself.  
But Jared answered, `You are beautiful.' He kissed Martin slightly and then pulled back looking at him. `I missed being with you.' He kissed him again. Then Martin was pushing himself down. Jared watched him for a while then he closed his eyes. He fell back onto the bed as he felt the pleasure coming over him. He had indeed missed him. His hands clenched and unclenched on the bed cover and then he let out a growl as he grabbed the headboard. Then Martin came back up again and watched him as he opened his eyes. Jared looked at him gently as his heart calmed down. Then Martin kissed him a last time and put his head on his shoulders. Tomorrow night when he wasn't so tired then they would do it properly.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
The following morning Jared managed to convince Martin to talk to Sidney. He was to go talk to her that morning when she was still with Gorham. He claimed that it was best if Gorham knew his intentions so that he would not object to it later if Sidney agreed to give him a job. When Gorham and Sidney were having breakfast one of the guards came and announced that Martin was waiting to talk to Miss Storm.  
Gorham narrowed his eyes and in a straight face agreed. `Who is Martin?' Sidney asked.  
`He is Eric's son,' he said then went back to his breakfast.  
When the door opened a young man came in. Knowing that he was Eric's son she didn't see any resemblance. She thought that he probably took after his mother. His features were smooth and gentle unlike Eric's which were ragged. Sidney didn't know how to meet the son of a royalty and so she waited.  
`Your Majesty,' he said bowing. Even his voice had that smooth honey like tone. If he was a girl he would have been a beautiful one.  
`Martin,' he acknowledged. She noted that he had mixed feelings about him given that he was the son of Diane and also the son of Eric. `Please join us!' he said as he pointed to a seat.  
Martin came close and put out his hand to Sidney before he sat down. `What brings you here?' Gorham asked.  
The cover before Martin was being set up for him he looked up at Gorham, `I am here to talk to Miss Storm...' he noticed that Gorham's hand reached out to Sidney's. `I feel that I should apologize for my father's behavior...'  
`There is no need to do that...'  
`But I feel I must. He was after all my father and I feel you should receive a formal apology from his family.'  
`In that case, apology accepted.' she smiled. `So what did you want to talk to me about?' 
`I have been informed that you are one of the few open minded people around,' he saw the smile widening. `And I have a gift, so I've been told. I see things and know what to do with them and put together what no one else has thought of to come out with something beautiful.'  `And what exactly do you put together?' she asked.  
`Fabrics, furniture and other upholster.'  
`So, in short, designing the interior of a house?'  
`In short but I can work with anything or anywhere.'  
Sidney was thoughtful, Martin hopeful and Gorham was just quiet waiting for a verdict. 
Finally she said, `It is a rare gift, much like mine in the jewelry business.'  
`You do have good taste. That necklace goes well with the outfit.'  
`Thank you,' she laughed and turned to Gorham. `He has a sweet tongue!' Gorham got the joke and smiled at that. He remembered when Sidney was trying to sell her business and was complementing everything she could think of. Martin just smiled. He had tea in front of him but he was nervous waiting for an answer. She turned back to him, `But the rarer the talent the harder it is to get something to do.' Martin waited. `You are Diane's son?'  
Martin had been asked that question several times. `Yes, but her talents were not passed down to the sons.'  
`Hmm,' she said thoughtfully then turned to Gorham. `I will need to borrow your castle.'  `What for?'  
`Several things. You don't use it much so I think it would be a good testing ground.'  
`And what if it happens that I have visitors?' 
`We'll just use one room and if it doesn't work then we'll just change it back!' They waited for Gorham's answer.  
`Can we talk about this later?' he asked her.  
`Certainly,' Back to Martin. `I suppose you should come over tomorrow.'  `Do I have a job?' he asked hopefully.  
`No,' Martin's face fell. `If it will work out then I think I'd rather be partners with you!' Both their jaws dropped. They were both surprised at that. Martin then stood up. He was beaming with happiness. He shook Sidney's hand and then bowed to Gorham and went out.  
`What the hell are you thinking?' Gorham asked after the shock wore off.  
`I am investing in someone who might come out great.'  
`He is a very lazy person. You don't know him as well as I do.'  
`And how well do you know him? Besides the fact that he is Diane's son. Do you know what he likes to do or why he isn't interested in the war stuff that he grew up around?'  
`No.'  
`Then do not object to this. If he thinks that he's good enough in this why shouldn't we not give him a chance in it?'  
`He is Eric's son!'  
`And he is Diane's son as well. Do you think that she would like it if you were orchestrating her son because of his father?' Gorham didn't answer. `Please take this opportunity to do something good for him. Be like a father to him,' she paused and said sadly. `Because if things happened differently he would have been your son instead of Eric's.'  
Gorham sighed heavily, `Which room do you want?'  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Jared went to Alice's castle now. He had been away from any real threat that he wanted to see if he could still handle himself. This was what he did when he was to be relaxing. At the end of a busy day like this he would relaxed. He went to the arena where countless of other soldiers and warriors were. Training for other and refreshing for others. He took a stand where others came and attacked him.  
He fought them off inwardly wondering why Victor had left. To him, the latter was the best opponent although sometimes he couldn't figure out how he did some things. Then he was turning wielding his sword high. He had seen a figure approaching him. He stopped barely an inch from 
Alice's neck. He put down the sword and bowed. `Your Highness.'  
`Jared right?' she asked. He nodded. `You are a good fighter. I can't believe Diane hid you behind Gorham all this time.'  `I don't do wars.'  
`But you are still a fighter!' Alice stared at him. He was drenched in sweat. He had a muscular body but he was barely handsome. He had said that he didn't do wars but he could see a battle scar on his face. He was tall and certainly formidable. It was like she was seeing him for the first time.  
`May I help you with something, Your Highness?'  
`Yes, I came to inquire why you aren't guarding Gorham today.'  
`It's my day off.'  
`You must have been dying to get back here where there is a lot of activity going on and excitement.'  
`Gorham's castle is interesting. It just depends on where you are standing.'  
She smiled. She didn't know what to say about that. `I guess I'll be seeing you around. 
 He bowed to her. She left. He thought of a reason why she would come over to him but didn't find any. He shrugged and went back to her work out. He didn't see Alice look back at him.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
A week later he was back to work. He had missed a lot when he was off but he was updated by Martin. The latter had got close to Gorham something that Jared hadn't expected. He suspected that it was all Sidney's doing. Now Gorham was being dragged through the hall to his own small ballroom. He came to a stop and almost didn't recognize the room. Martin had transformed it completely and regardless of the size it was grander than Alice's.  
`Now to show it off!' she said.  
`Why do you need to show it off?'  
`How else will people know what he,' pointing at Martin. `Can do?'  
`How do you plan to do that?'  
`We hold a party here!'  
`Sidney, if you haven't noticed, my castle isn't equipped to have so many guests.'  
`It won't be a lot of people. Just the leading citizens and Alice and Nathan.' She watched him. 
`I already have the cards sent out. They will be coming whether or not there is a party.'  
`Then why were you asking?' He could see a streak of Diane's manipulative personality in him.  
`I just needed your approval.'  
Gorham looked from her to Martin then back to her. `The castle's budget won't be able to cover this.'  
`Don't worry, I'll chip in.' she smiled then turned to Martin. `There will be a party after all.' she said as she went to him. They hugged before Gorham's eyes. He couldn't help to feel a bit happy that he was trying to do something good for Diane's child. He studied Sidney and realized that she was acting like a mother to him. They looked around and she turned to him smiling.  
The party was held on a weekend. Sidney made sure that her plans did not clash with another person's. It wasn't wise to start feuds when you were looking for people to promote you. They were first unsure about the party and Sidney had to borrow Gorham's royal seal and send out new invitation to everyone. It was a hundred percent turnout. They were all curious about the party of course. Sidney and Martin were hosting. Then Gorham came down. He was wearing something that Sidney had brought him. He was smashing.  
As Sidney hugged him she noticed something behind him. She turned and saw Martin blushing. She turned back to Jared but the look was gone. She took Gorham around the room introducing him to the leading citizens. Her thoughts were on Jared and Martin. They were living together and the look they just shared. She back tracked and came back to Martin. He was surprisingly a very good host.  
`Martin, I forgot to bring the necklaces and bracelets for the women to wear. I want everyone looking their best.'  
She handed him a key to the store. `Yes Miss Storm.'  
`Tell Jared to accompany you.' She noticed him raise his eyebrow. `Take as long as you wish.' He smiled. He understood the message. `And Martin, bring a lot of them. I don't want anyone to miss putting on the jewels.'  
Gorham turned to her. `Why did you send Jared along with him?'  
`I want my jewels safe. Are you worried you might be attacked among all these people?' He stared at her. `Because if you are attacked, I'll protect you.' She laughed out loud and since everyone around them was in a good mood, they joined in the joy. 
Martin and Jared took one of the carriages and gave the order. When they started moving, the former turned to the other. His mouth found his. They kissed passionately for a while. With Jared's caresses, he was turned on. Martin slipped his hands into his companion’s trousers and could feel him. Then the carriage slowed down. Jared disengaged from him so fast that one would have thought that Martin suddenly caught fire.  
They came out. Jared again gave the order that the driver wait for them. Martin had left the door to the store open and Jared walked in closing the door behind him. Martin was suddenly over him. He was kissing him and undoing his buttons. `What are you doing?' he asked.  
`Taking advantage of the situation.'  
`Sidney will be expecting the jewels!'  
`Not right now,' he said. He pulled Jared shirt off and his hand went back to where they were before the carriage stopped. He knew he was going to lose control if he didn't stop him now but he didn't have the will. He was suddenly responding to his caresses. He leaned down and his mouth covered Martin's. He could feel the smile on his face. He had won.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Martin walked up to Sidney and handed her the jewels. Gorham as usual was holding her close to him. His arm around her waist. `That took long enough!' she said but she was smiling.  `How did you know?' he asked.  
`Instinct!'  
`Either way, thanks,' he moved up to her and kissed her cheek. He whispered, `I needed that!' Then he walked away. People noticed the brief exchange. They weren't expecting Martin have been that close to Gorham now. It certainly never happened before but they realized what tied them together. Sidney Storm.  
When the guests had all left Sidney retreated to Gorham's room. She found him seated on the bed. `That went well!' he said.  
`Yes it did,' she paused. `It went better than expected.'  
`I can't believe how you just seem to swoop in unexpectedly and make everything fine. Martin has found something he likes to do. There is laughter and joy everywhere you go.' He didn't see her falter in her step. `And not forgetting me.'  `What about you?' she asked unwittingly.  
`Every time I see you, it's like a ray of sunlight in a gloomy world.'  
She stepped on the bed and sat down facing him. `But I wasn't the only one who brought a ray of sunshine in your life!'  
`No.'  
`Tell me about Diane, I take she was beautiful?'  
`Yes.'  
`Smart?'  
`Yes.'  
`Funny?'  
`Not so much but she had a great smile.' Sidney sat attentively to listen but he didn't continue.  
`I was told she was a compulsive liar.'  Gorham laughed, `Who told you that?'  `Martin.' she shrugged.  
`So, your hidden agenda comes out finally. You know I was wondering why you took to him so fast.' He stared at her accusingly.  
`I might have had an agenda but that doesn't mean anything. I do like him.'  
`So why did he tell you that?'  
`He said that when he was young and he asked Diane if she will die she turned to him without a second thought and said, `People like us don't die.''  
`That's all?'  
`I wasn't finished,' she said, `He said that she went on to say, `Even if we die, we will be reborn in someone else and we will make sure our family is safe and happy.''  
`I guess you are taking over that role!'  
`I guess I am,' she said thoughtfully. `I really want to know more about her. I feel like I sort of know her but I don't.'  
`You could ask someone else...'  
`That someone isn't you.' she looked at him closely. `You are the one who knew her better than anyone else.'  
Gorham looked at her and saw that she really wanted this. `It turns out I didn't know her as well as I thought. As you know she kept a lot of thing from me.'  
`I understand why she kept it from you. I would do the same if it was me and it was you who loved me as much.'  
He wanted to tell her that he loved her but this was not the time. Not when he was talking about a woman that he had loved for a better part of his life and so he continued with the story. `She was beautiful, smart, engaging, a compulsive liar,' he chuckled. `And she was sweet, understanding, and compassionate when she wanted to be. She was full of life when she was younger, before she got married to Eric and she knew the right thing to say to everyone.' He looked at her with thoughts passing through his mind. It seemed to him that he was describing her.  
He brushed it aside. `She was also strong, commanding and articulate when the situation demanded it. She hated books... 
 `I love books!' she jumped in.  
`Yes, you do,' he narrowed his eyes. She loved books but she only read her own. `On the subject of books I thought that maybe you should go through them and familiarize yourself with some of the laws.'  
She came and sat next to him. `How about you will just give me the outline of the things I need to know?'  
`Sure,' he said keeping that in his memory.  
`Now back to Diane, I'm dying to know more.'  
`Well, at times I thought she was irrational but then that's just me. She objected strongly when I wanted to nominate Nathan as one of the candidates. She said he was somewhat evil but I 
never took her seriously. We met with the nominees several times and at the end of every meeting she would tell me that he looked at her strangely.'  
`Do you suppose she just hated him?'  
`She never said it outright besides, I think they worked well together. She never complained about him again.'  
`You know, I think there is something awfully wrong with Nathan.'  `He's just ambitious!'  
`Ambition or not I think I would rather go against Eric any day than face Nathan.' Then she turned to Gorham, `You don't suppose he is a wizard, do you?'  
Gorham shook his head. `We know his parents. They were normal as he is normal.'  
She leaned back on his shoulder. `I think there is something wrong about him.' She closed her eyes. `So, besides Nathan, what else was she irrational about?'  
`Mainly her age...'  
`No woman likes to be told that she is getting older.'  
`She was always concerned about how I saw her children. They could have been yours; she used...' his voice trailed. Sidney stirred about to sit up but he finished it, `to say.'  
`Tell me how she was as a leader to her people.' He could hear her voice lulling.  
`She knew her role. You, yourself even complemented how she had organized the security of the city and its surrounding.' she yawned and then rubbed her eyes trying to keep herself awake. But it was hopeless. The minute she put her head back onto his shoulders her eyes fell shut. `She let 
Nathan do his job and let me to mine. She used to say, `I don't teach fair...''  
`There is no fair in the battlefield,' she finished the sentence for him. He waited for her to say something else but she didn't. He laid her gently on her back and watched her sleep. There was no reason for him to suspect that something was off but he couldn't help it. He knew she was a good researcher from the various things she would tell him about a particular jewels but she was reminding him more and more of Diane.  
He stayed up most of the night then fell asleep. He dreamed he was back together with Diane and that she wasn't dead. He was happy for the time and then she faded away. He tried to stop it from happening but he couldn't. He pleaded with her to stay but she just smiled and shook her head. He called her several times then he felt the depression coming over him. He woke up. Sidney was watching him intently. Her head was literally over his.  
`Who were you dreaming about?' she asked in a low voice.  
`You.'  
She seemed to think about that answer then she said, `You are a bad liar, Your Majesty.'  
`You can't read my mind so you can't tell if I'm lying or not.'  
`True!' she pretended that he won the argument then added, `But you are forgetting that I can hear fine and you know you talk when you are dreaming about her.' Gorham just watched her. `And you called her name several times in your sleep.'  `Oh!' He sat up.  
`Is something bothering you?' she asked not taking her eyes off him.  
`Because I'm dreaming about Diane?'  
`You used to dream about her when we started sleeping together then you stopped and now it has started again. I take it something is wrong...' She was waiting for an answer.  
`No, nothing is wrong,' he said curtly then stepped out of the bed but Sidney just sat there. 
Her eyes followed him.  
`Was it because I asked you to talk about her?'  
`No.'  
Then Sidney stood up and went to him. `But I know what the problem is,' she paused and saw the amused look on his face. `The problem is, you don't trust me enough to let me try and help.' Gorham wanted to say something but she continued, `You don't even trust me enough to tell me a simple dream. What? Are you worried that I'm going to be jealous of your dead lover?'  
`I'm not worried about that...'  
`Because if you have forgotten, I am doing you a favor by reminding you that,' she poked him in the chest. `She is dead and she isn't coming back.' She turned abruptly and stormed out of room. Gorham didn't know what to make out of her sudden temper. It was just a dream but he knew he had to find her. He got dressed as he thought of where he might have gone to but then he remembered that she was in her negligee. She couldn't have gone far in that.  
He asked the guards at the corridor where she headed to and they pointed and kept pointing until he found her in the field. The sun hadn't come up yet but it was light. Sidney saw him coming and turned the other way. He came up to her and hugged her from behind. He kissed her cheek gently then asked, `Tell me what's bothering you.'  
`I thought I spelled it clearly inside!'  
`I was busy looking at how beautiful you were when angry. It sort of just passed me.'  
She turned to him. `It's just that sometimes I feel like I'm competing with a memory and that is worse than actually competing with a person. At least if she were alive I would see what she was doing and do it better but she is dead!'  
`You don't need to remind me of that. I was there when she got killed...' he suddenly saw that he made a mistake.  
`She got killed?' she asked.  
`Did I say that?' he asked unbelievably. `The point is, she is dead and like you said, she won't come back.' Sidney didn't seem to buy that. `I keep dreaming that she is alive but it lasts for only a little while,' he started to explain. `And then she starts fading away. I tell her to stop doing that but she just smiles and shakes her head and then she disappears. That's the dream I've been having.'  
She held his face in her hands and stared straight into his eyes, `I know what is worrying you,' she smiled then said, `You are worried that she is going to fade from your memory.'  
`I guess so.'  
`You don't need to worry about that. It will seem that you are forgetting but you will look around and notice that she is everywhere. You will see her sitting in this same field with her head on your shoulders.'  
`This coming from a woman who was jealous of a memory a moment ago...'  
`Well, that woman knows that her place in your heart is secure and there is no problem.'  `I'm glad we got that settled because it's freezing out here.'  `Yes, it is.' She smiled as she was being led back to the castle.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Almost a week later Nathan walked into her shop. She looked around and realized that she was alone. She had sent everyone on one errand or the other. He came up to where she was sitting at the counter and started to laugh.  
`You know, I actually thought that you were dead this time!' he said as he clasped his hand.  
`Sorry to disappoint you.' She turned to her books and was about to ignore him but he turned her abruptly to face him.  
`This time you have a lot of tricks under that sleeve of yours.'  
`I learn with time.'  
`Hmm, so do I but do you know the difference between the two of us?'  
`No,' she looked defiantly up at him. `Enlighten me.'  
`I know how to destroy you for good.'  
`But I also know how to destroy you,' she paused as she saw the confused look on his face. `I just have to destroy him and you go away with him.'  
`You don't have the guts to do that. You love him too much.'  `Feelings change with time...' her voice trailed.  
Then Nathan smiled wickedly. `You are still surprised that he killed Eric!'  
`It was a surprise, yes.'  
`He has an evil streak in him after all.'  
`It shows that he could do anything for me! Including killing you...'  
`Now, now, Sidney or Diane or whatever you have called yourself in your past lives. You don't want to go rushing in to anything. You don't want us to repeat the same routine again. I was thinking of ending this cat and mouse game in this life time, don't you think?' he walked around the room but seeing that Sidney didn't answer. He came back and leaned over her with his hands on the counter trapping her. `Because if I die before either of you, I get to be more powerful in the next life!' He smiled slightly and then saw the necklace on her neck and the smile dissolved. `How the hell did you get him to give you back your wedding gift?'  
`It is him. It was something he gave me once before and feels that it belongs to me.'  
`He doesn't know, does he?' Sidney frowned. `He doesn't know that he is the reincarnation of 
Izanami, my dear brother?'  
Suddenly Sidney was standing up, `You wouldn't dare!'  
`Sit down!' he suddenly shouted. Sidney fell back on the chair. She watched as Nathan brought his anger under control. `You wouldn't want me to snap your neck right now, would you?' he smiled slightly. `I wouldn't dare, not this time. I wouldn't want my brother to know that I am planning to destroy his eternal love forever.' He went back to walking around the room. `That would destroy him and we don't want that. He's the music that beats and we follow in this little dance of ours. I love him very much!' he said then chuckled. She didn't believe what he said for a moment.  
`This will end eventually. I am going to beat you in the end!'  
`With what? All your powers have been stripped away and it is only by chance that you have your necklace back on your neck.'  
`Do you really believe that this is all happening by chance?' she asked.  
`You aren't that cunning. I'm better at this than you.'  
`Of course, you are. You have done nothing but to manipulate people and you turned them against wizards just so that I wouldn't be reincarnated but you forgot that I had a strong connection to the Izanami clan. Then you tried to wipe out the whole clan.'  `How is it that you are in that body?' he asked.  
`I don't give out my trade secrets!' she sneered at him and turned to the book.  
Nathan moved so fast to him and he held her by the neck and put her head on the counter. She was stuck bending backwards with Nathan strangling her. `Don't you dare make fun of me because I still have the will to continue this game.' He watched her as she chocked and her eyes were getting closed. There was a smoke coming from her neck where his hand was. Then the door opened and Martin walked in.  
`What-' he looked at Nathan whose hands were on Sidney's neck. Nathan let go before he said anything else. Sidney collapsed to the floor and Martin hurried to her. She was coughing and gasping for breath. Martin looked up at Nathan not believing his eyes. Nathan was looking at his hand which appeared to have been burned. He looked down at Sidney completely ignoring Martin and frowned.  `This is not the end of it Jansenist!' He stormed out.  
But martin started questioning, `Why was King Nathan strangling you? Why did he call you 
Jansenist? Gorham should know about this!'  
`No, please, I'm begging you, don't tell him and don't tell Jared or anyone else.'  
`But he tried to kill you. If I hadn't walked in on you who knows if he would have stopped.'  
Sidney tried to get up. Martin helped her. She sat on the chair. `Please promise me you wouldn't tell anyone!' she looked directly at him.  
`He may try it again?'  
`He won't. He only did that because I provoked him.' he paused as she felt her neck, `now I want your promise that you will never tell a soul about what you just saw.'  Martin looked doubtful but said, `I promise I won't tell a soul.'  
`Good!'  
`But I'm going to tell Jared to keep a close watch on you!' Sidney didn't feel like arguing about that and so she let it slip. She only hoped that he would forget. Martin brought her a glass of water and it seemed to ease the pain at the throat. She thanked him. He let her be in peace after that. He promised himself he would talk with Jared about this.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
 
 
 
 

CHAPTER SIX
Jared got the information after a long time of asking and threatening Martin. The latter had promised himself to tell him something about what happened but when he talked Jared had wanted to know more and yet he had given his promise to Sidney. Now it was Jared's turn to question if telling Gorham would be the right course of action. He approached the latter from his post.  
`Excuse me, sir, I was wondering if I could talk to you about a personal matter?'  
Gorham looked up. `Concerning what?'  
`Sidney, sir.'  
Jared saw the questioning look on his face before he even asked, `What is it about Sidney?'  
`Someone close to her came to me to ask if I could assign a guard to watch over her. I wanted to know why and so I questioned him thoroughly and even threatened him but he did not part with much information.'  
`Why would Sidney need protecting? Eric's dead!'  
`The person told me that he walked in on Sidney being strangled at her shop a few days ago.'  `She didn't tell me this!'  
`She made the person promise not to tell anyone knowing that the news would certainly reach you.'  
`And who was the person strangling her?'  
`That, I could not get from him. It seemed he would not part with this.'  
`Who gave you this information?'  
Jared was quiet for a moment. `Martin, sir but he had no reason to lie to me.'  
`Then why would she not tell me?'  
`Probably she thought that you would overreact like when it was Eric.'  
Gorham thought. He knew the latter might have been right. Finishing Eric off like that wasn't a problem. `Tell me exactly what he told you.'  
`Well, he walked into the shop and found a man. He recognized him immediately. He was standing over Sidney with his hands about her throat. He also saw something like smoke and then ascertained that the man's hands were burning. He let go of her and she fell to the ground where Martin rushed to her. The man looked back at Sidney and told her it wasn't over. He also mentioned that he called her a strange name.'  
`So it was somebody who wasn't a stranger and Sidney didn't want to tell me because, maybe she thought I would overreact but if I were to overreact that would mean that I know this particular person.' Gorham was quiet, `Can you compile a list of everyone who Martin knows and cross reference it to the people I know.'  
`That wouldn't work. Martin knows the same people you do. He was raised in the same social circle that you are in.'  
`Then put someone I should trust to follow Sidney about. Let her not notice it and let no one she is with notice him. I want to know everything, who she is meeting with, who she is afraid of and finally who is threatening her. She should not find out about this.'  `Yes sir,' he said then bowed and left.  
That night Gorham was waiting in his room for Sidney. She used to spend almost every night now in the castle but she kept her house intact. Gorham would always sense that she wanted somewhere she could escape to when there were problems between them, she walked about the room as she got ready for bed. Gorham just watched as she did everything in silence. She was in deep thought.  
`Hi,' he said trying to find something to say besides confronting her about hiding the truth from him.  
She turned and smiled at him. `Hi to you too.' She then went and slipped into bed next to him. He pulled himself up and supported himself by his elbow.  
`Are you feeling okay?' he asked sounding worried.  
`Of course I am.' she smiled again and then pulled him to her. They kissed for a while. Then Gorham moved his lips to kiss her cheeks then her neck. He stopped and stared at it for so long wondering how he could have missed seeing the bruise. He had to be more observant. `What's wrong?' she asked in a whisper.  
He came up and kissed her lips again. `Just wondering...’ `About what?' she asked.  
`Well, if perhaps you were considering being my wife.'  `Are you asking me?' she sat up.  
Where did that come from? He wondered. `I suppose I am.' She didn't say anything. `I would understand if you want to think about it. You are after all an independent woman. I don't want you to think that I want to tie you down or anything like that.'  `Relax Gorham,' she smiled.  
`It's just that I've never proposed before.'  
`You did it fine,' she paused. `But I'll have to think about it.' She lay back down and was quiet for a long time. Gorham went to sleep holding her. In the morning, he woke up to find that she was already out of bed. He found her taking her breakfast.  
He waited until he was served and they were left alone. `I hope I didn't scare you.'  
`No,' she left it at that. `I was meaning to talk to you about something yesterday. It slipped my mind.'  
`What?' He cut his eggs. He hoped that she was going to talk to her about the matter of being strangled, but he was so wrong.  
`Well, I'm partially new in town but by now I know a lot of things about how things work.' She put her fork down and looked at him. `I can't help but hear things given that I don't live inside your castle all the time. One story really caught my attention. It regards Mr. and Mrs. Summer,' Gorham put his own fork down. She continued ignoring that reaction. `I was told they were the parents of a woman called Wendy who used to work for you.'  `Yes, that's correct.'  
`They are being detained in one of the cells and no one knows what they even did wrong. They haven't been brought to court yet and it doesn't seem that anyone is concerned about it.'  
`That is Alice's area.'  
`She was just sworn in the other day. All the decisions she makes are overseen by you. Do you know how this reflects on your image? Detaining people for reasons unknown!'  
`It is by orders of the council that they are being detained!'  
`You think that I haven't noticed the animosity between you and the council. What did Wendy do? Steal from you? I don't think the case is as serious as they are making it seem. All you have to do is call the case up next to your public court and listen to it. That way everybody will see that they did no wrong! And if the council continues to detain them then it will be on them and not you.'  
`Since when do you speak law?' he asked curiously.  
`I'm just repeating what I've heard before.' She picked up her fork. `And I'm just tired of defending you when you can do it yourself!' They finished their breakfast in silence and Gorham didn't know if she just had wanted to pick a fight with him or she was really concerned about them. But he knew she was right in the matter of closing the case before the public to wash his hands over the affair.  
Two days later he called up the case to the surprise of the council. He was sitting in his chair in the public hall and the defendants and the prosecutors on either side of the hall then the public was before him. He noticed that Sidney was among the crowd but she wasn't watching him. Her eyes were focused on the accused. The proceedings started.  
The prosecutors didn't have a case given that they were not prepared and that the council forbid any mention of Wendy in the proceedings. They were drowning and clasping at the lasts straws they could find.  
`The accused stands here in this court because as soldier in the army of the queen, went absent without leave...'  
But Mr. Summer was prepared. He interrupted, `But your Majesty, I have a letter here signed by the late queen. It was a letter permitting me to be dismissed from my duties.' A guard headed to take the letter from Mr. Summer and brought it to Gorham.  
`Why would the queen send a letter like that?'  
`It is all spelled out in the letter.'  
Gorham started reading the letter while the argument was going on. `The letter must be a forgery. In no time has the queen ever written a letter to dismiss someone.'  `This time she did...'  
`Falsehood. Everything you say is false.'  
Gorham reached the bottom of the letter. It was signed by Diane alright and dated. There was also the royal seal. Gorham noticed that the date coincided with the first few weeks she was back from her captivity. He looked up. `The letter isn't a forgery. Let’s move on.' he handed the letter back to the guard who walked and gave it to the prosecutor who read through it. `Mr. Summer, please explain to the court why you were given that letter.' He said knowing that the prosecutor was looking for a minute detail to attack in the letter.  
`I was assigned to live the life of a farmer in the outskirts of the city. The reason is that the queen felt that when I was out of the army then I would be able to aid any of the kings or queen if they wanted refuge.'  
The prosecutor looked up from the letter. `The queen wrote that letter when she was just out of captivity. She was not in her right mind then!' He handed it to the guard who took it back to Mr. Summer.  
`Nonetheless she wrote the letter anyway,' Mr. Summer shot back. `You are forgetting that after she came back she made some reforms which have improved the security of our people. And all the reforms are being used today.' He looked to the King to confirm it but he didn't do anything and so he continued in his argument. `If she was not in her right mind then should her systems be failing by now?'  
`If this were true then why is it that you are the only one who received this letter?'  
`There were several others.'  
`We want names to confirm this.'  
`That would go against the purpose that we were assigned to. If everyone knew where a King or Queen would be heading to then it wouldn't be called a refuge!'  
The prosecutor was defeated. Everyone could see it in his face. Gorham looked at him. `Are you done with the questioning?'  
`Yes Your Majesty.'  
`Then I find no fault in Mr. Summer here. My verdict, not guilty.' But he didn't dismiss the case yet. `Mr. Summer, now that you have violated the privacy of the matter, do you wish to come back to active service of the queen?' he asked.  
Mr. Summer looked at his wife, `No your Majesty. I'm too old for active service, besides, I have become a very good farmer.'  
`Very well,' he said then turned to the prosecutor, `Why was the wife being detained?'  `For being an accomplice to the husband.'  
`Now that we have established that the husband did no wrong then they are free to go. Both cases dismissed!' they bowed and left the podiums. Another case was coming up. He looked for Sidney but it seemed she had disappeared before the case had ended.  
Later that night the guard assigned to follow Sidney informed him that when Mr. and Mrs. Summer had left the hearing, they went to see her at her shop. Gorham knew there was something that was going on strange but he just couldn't prove it. He went to bed and found that Sidney was already asleep. She seemed to be smiling in her sleep.  
Well, he thought, she deserved it for a wonderful job of manipulating him.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Gorham and Sidney were invited to a party at Alice's castle as usual. This time it was just the royal families getting together which meant that Martin and his brother were there as well as Alice's family. Then there were the very close relations to everyone else. They were separated into three groups but it was Gorham's Table that had the least number of people. It was Gorham himself, Sidney, Martin and Martin's brother Joel. The two had been put with Gorham because apparently, they would be both sitting alone.  
Sidney as usual was taking close interest in Joel. She had Martin in her fold and now it was time to recruit the other son.  
`So, Joel, what do you do these days?'  
`I'm still training.' He saw his brother was about to interrupt so he added quickly, `I'm hoping that one of these days I will hit an untapped well.'  
`No, he's just hoping that Alice will notice him,' Martin said laughing.  
`Alice?' Sidney was confused.  
`Yes, Queen Alice, he's infatuated with her!' Joel tried to keep Martin's mouth shut but he missed him. It was a funny thing to watch and Sidney found herself laughing. Gorham smiled at that. It seemed that in all the tables, theirs was the one with the most fun. Joel had his father's build which meant that he was large compared to Martin who had the small body. Then Joel knowing his brother's weakness he held up a glass of wine. `You wouldn't!'  
`Unless you keep quiet.' Martin shut his mouth but couldn't stop giggling.  
`Why don't you go ask her for a dance?' Sidney said.  
`I couldn't.'  
`Oh yes you can.'  
`I wouldn't know how to start.'  
`Just go there and stand next to her and when she looks up to you hold out your hand. You don't need to say anything.' She saw the unsure face on Joel. `You'd better get up before I decide I won't give you anymore advice.'  
He stood quite unsure and headed to Alice's table. Apparently her father was lecturing her on something and she seemed about to cry. She looked up at Joel. In fact everyone was looking at Joel. She saw the hand and took it. They headed to the dance floor. She seemed relieved to be out of the table. They dance without saying anything then she started to laugh. A second later they were talking animatedly.  
Gorham and Sidney brought their attention to Martin. `And who are you going to dance with?' Sidney asked.  
`You,' he smiled then turned to Gorham, `That if His Majesty doesn't object of course.' Gorham nodded and Martin was up. He came next to her and gave her his hand. `My lady,' he said. Sidney went with him to the floor. Gorham watched them for awhile then he decided that he wasn't being left out. He got up and headed to Nathan table. He held out his hand to Felicia and she took it. 
Everyone knew that Nathan never danced with his wife.  
Starting to dance with Sidney and Martin made their way next to them. `Of all the women in the room, you had to pick Felicia,' she said and noted that Felicia cringed. `Are you trying to make me feel jealous?' she asked full of humor.  
`Is it working?' he asked as he twirled Felicia. She understood what was going on. Sidney was trying to compliment her and Gorham was agreeing with her. She suddenly smiled as she caught the happiness going round. She was a beautiful woman but her sadness masked every part of her. Surprisingly, Nathan came and took her from him. She was shocked as was Gorham but Martin was the one who reacted first. He excused himself from the dance floor and Sidney went to her man. 
Gorham noticed the anger in Sidney's eyes as she looked at Nathan but nothing could spoil the mood  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
It had been a long time since Nathan had gone for his monthly updates. When Diane was alive it used to be a frequent thing because he was always complaining of one thing or the other. Now almost two months passing he was back. Gorham had no clue what he was doing there but he was about to find out.  
`I think, Gorham that you seem to have no control over the women you choose to be with.'  `Why would you say that?'  
`Because for one thing, Sidney thinks that she can get away with behaving like she owns the whole place. And Diane, the other woman, seemed to be commanding you.'  `Well, Diane is dead and I'm planning to marry Sidney.'  `What?' Gorham noticed his mood change.  
`In fact, I already asked her.' Nathan frowned. `I'm just waiting for an answer.'  `She didn't say yes?' another unexpected question.  
`No, but I don't think there is anything that is going to make her say no.'  
`Then you have time to retract the proposal...'  
`Why would I want to retract it?'  
`She's an outsider. How would it seem if you married an outsider? Has she even told you where she is from?'  
Gorham was thoughtful. He could see that Nathan didn't want him to marry Sidney. He wondered what the reason might be. Then he looked at the latter and saw it. `Are you in love with Sidney?' he asked.  
`What?' he asked surprised. Gorham could see that if he had been walking, he would have faltered in his step.  
`You are in love with her!' Gorham concluded. `You cover it well with something close to hatred so no one knows. That was why you couldn't take your eyes off her when we first came to Alice party.'  
`I don't understand where you get that absurd idea...'  
`Just admit that you actually feel something for her.' But Nathan did not get to admit it. In fact he even didn't deny it. This was answer enough for Gorham.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	*  
It was a sunny day and Sidney was feeling hot. She was sweating and her clothes were literally soaking in sweat. She took with her a basket of food with a blanket and walked out of the city. She was strolling then she turned to a barely visible path. She followed it for a lengthy bit of time then she got to a part where the trees were suddenly very close together then a small clearing. She put the basket down and spread the blanket on the ground. Then she lifted the dress off her body and then dived into the water.  
The guard who had been following her couldn't believe it. It was certainly his lucky day but he thought better than to give the king that one small detail. He watched her swim about and she would go under several times and stay there until the guard would start getting worried then she would emerge from the water taking a deep breath. After awhile she emerged from the water dripping wet. The guard found that he was swallowing lustfully but kept himself in check.  
Sidney lay down on the blanket that had been on the ground. She took some food that had been on the basket. She was surprisingly hungry most of the time these days but she took it as the weather. She was then still. Then surprising the guard, Nathan showed up. He just appeared out of nowhere. He was just suddenly standing there watching Sidney. She seemed to have noticed and then she opened her eyes. She gasped loudly and was reaching for the dress to cover her nudity.  
`What are you doing here?' she asked.  
`I came to see you.' He saw the puzzled look on Sidney's face. `I was talking to your husband to be and he told me he asked you to marry him!'  
`Yes, but that is none of your business,' she retorted.  
`But it is. You see, I found myself wondering why you would hesitate to answer the question which you have said yes to so many times before then I realized something.' He paused as he studied her. The cloth wasn't doing a good job covering her. She noticed him stare and adjusted the cloth. `I realized that you are questioning if you truly love him.'  
`What?'  
`Yes, you aren't sure if you love him or you love me.'  `Stop being delusional!' she said sarcastically.  
`I'm not. You see, when he confronted me I realized something. I have wanted revenge on you so much that I even lost track of why this all started in the first place. I had forgotten why I forced myself to hate you and I think you have also forgotten how it all began.'  
`I haven't forgotten.'  
`Are you sure,' he started to walk towards her but she kept moving back. `I think you have forgotten because it took me a bit of time to figure it out.' He signaled something with his hand and the ground started moving upwards as a wall. She was trapped between the wall and Nathan. `I remembered that you were in love with me. I remembered how we used to meet to see each other and I almost remember how your mouth tasted.'  
He moved close to her, `I remember how the hairs on your skin used to rise when I touched you like this.' she watched as he touched her and indeed the hair stood up. He moved closer to her. She was staring at him. `I remember how my hands used to go to the back of your neck and you would tilt your head up,' He did that and she found that she was tilting her head up.  
She whispered, `Cognoscenti, please don't do this.'  
`I have to. I have to remind you that you love me,' he said as his fingers trailed her face. She closed her eyes. Her heart was beating fast. He continued, `you would lick your lips when you knew I was about to kiss you.' And he leaned down and kissed her. He pulled back. `And your lips would tremble when you knew I was about to make love to you.' He leaned back down and kissed her. She tilted her head more and actually wanted him. The cloth slipped from her hand and her hands went around him. The kiss deepened and Nathan's body pressed against hers. His hand caressed her body and lifted her leg about him. She felt the desire rising in her then Nathan said, `Remember Jansenist!' and the spell was broken.  
A force pushed him off her and he landed on the ground some distance away. She went down and picked up the cloth and covered herself up again. Nathan got up cursing, `Damn that necklace!' Sidney looked at the necklace and saw that it was glowing. `I'm going to get rid of that necklace once and for all!' his hand transformed to fire and he focused it on her.  
She cringed and closed her eyes shut waiting for the pain but there wasn't any. She opened her eyes and saw that it had been stopped mid-way. She looked at the necklace again and saw that it was glowing more. She smiled as she realized what was happening. She looked at the water then to Nathan. A wind suddenly pushed Nathan into the water striping his attention from her. Steam rose from the pond and then Nathan came up. The fire had been put out. He came out drenched.  
`Apparently, I'm still stronger than you even with my powers stripped away.'  
`I'm going to get him to remove it from your neck.'  
`Oh! You can try!'  
`Don't mock me Jansenist; I'll destroy you for good.'  
`You've been threatening that for centuries.' He frowned and then disappeared. Sidney put on her cloths and packed everything in the basket then left. The guard followed her back to the castle and then went to report back to Gorham. He didn't seem to react but Jared could see that he was about to explode just underneath the surface.  
He finished what he was supposed to do then went to his room where he was going to confront Sidney. But when the door open and she turned to look at him. He couldn't say anything. She stood up and approached him as he closed the door behind him. `I'm pregnant!' Gorham did not register it so she repeated, `Gorham, I'm pregnant.'  
`Are- are you sure?' She nodded. She watched him and saw the smile forming on his face. `It's mine right?'  
`Of course, who else do you expect it to belong to?'  
`How long?'  
`A month or so I think. I can't tell for sure.'  `How did you know?' he asked.  
`Missed my cycle this month. I've been eating a lot and other things.' She bit her lip. `Do you want it?'  
`Of course. Do you?'  
`Yes, but there might be complications.'  
`Why?'  
`I don't know. I just have a feeling. That's all.'  
`I'll help you through it.'  
`Of course you will.' she kissed his cheek then headed for the door. `You wanted to talk to me?'  
`No, it was nothing.' He watched her go. He was finally going to have a child of his own. He wondered if it might be a boy or girl. He thought about her and decided that if she hadn't made up her mind then she would certainly have to marry him now that she was pregnant  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Nathan had started plotting his revenge. The first steps would have been Diane's sons. The happier they were the stronger Jansenist's spirit would be. Then he had to work on crushing Gorham but just enough. He could not afford to have to destroy his brother's spirit. The problem would have been crushing Wendy's own spirit. He didn't know much about her and had no idea where she was. Furthermore, she was going to be around two wizards.  
He knew wizards better than he had pretended to know them but he still had to admit that if they knew who he was, then they would certainly try to destroy him. But then wizards were completely unpredictable. They would not do something unless it was going to benefit them but what would destroying Cognoscenti benefit them after all this time? One the other hand, he didn't know their relationship with Wendy and if he were to destroy her then he wouldn't be able to know how they were going to react.  
He brought his mind back to Martin and his brother, Joel. Jansenist was doing a good job ensuring that they were happy with Martin having a business that he loved and Joel starting to spend so much time around Alice. But he knew something that maybe even Jansenist didn't. He had watched Martin knowing that there might come a time when he would need something to destroy the latter. He did notice that he didn't see anyone. In fact he wasn't interested in women. Then he saw the way he looked at Jared and realized what was going on. If you didn't suspect then you wouldn't notice a thing.  
He got ready and then headed out. He had to talk to Alice's father Samuel. He was the only one who could convince his daughter to forget about Joel. He understood traditions better than anybody and wouldn't want his daughter to be the one historians like Gorham always referred to as have broken tradition. He was welcomed pleasantly by Samuel.  
After the pleasantries Samuel got to business. `What brings you here?'  
`I'm here to talk about your daughter's relationship with Joel, Diane's son.'  
`Shouldn't you be talking to her about this?'  
`Yes but I can see the outcome of it before it even happens. She will claim to be in love.'  `But then he is Diane's son!'  
`No doubt the bond would have been stronger but Joel wasn't gifted with his mother's natural talents. He's pathetic in the field and how would he help her to lead her army should there be war?'  
`I don't see how her welfare would be your concern...'  
`Gorham is blind when it comes to Diane or her children or even this new woman, Sidney. 
He doesn't see how he is dooming our kingdom if he allows Alice to continue seeing the boy Joel.'  
Samuel was thoughtful for awhile. `You are after something with this. What is it?'  
`I want the council to see that I have the well-being of the citizens in mind.'  
`I am no longer in the council; I can't help you with that.'  
`I will handle the council, just handle your daughter. You are after all the voice behind the crown!'  
Samuel saw the determination in his eyes. `You are a smart man, I suppose you came here with a suggestion of the person she should see instead?'  
`Yes, Jared Kins. He is Gorham's bodyguard but Diane hid him there. He is apparently a very good fighter. I have done my homework and it turns out that Jared used to train with Victor Raymond, the wizard.' He could see that he was getting through to him. `That was the only person who could beat him. He never fought with the queen but I can imagine why. She was probably afraid he would beat her.'  
`I see.' That was the last thing he said. Convincing Alice wasn't a problem at all for Samuel. He knew someone like Jared wouldn't be swayed easily so he commanded her to seduce him into being with her.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
A party was held again as usual in Alice's castle. Before the guests arrived Samuel went to check that Alice remembered her instruction. She was to do everything possible to ensure that he fell for the trap. The talk somewhat embarrassed her. She had never envisioned being convinced by her father to do something like that. In fact she never agreed wholeheartedly. She just wanted to stop her father from giving her the details. She didn't feel that bad about doing it either. She had admitted that Jared wasn't that bad looking and she had been a bit attracted to him. She couldn't however forget that she really liked Joel and would have been happier getting to know him instead. The guests were informed that Alice was feeling a bit unwell. No one was allowed to see her but they went on with the party anyway.  
She sneaked out of the castle and went to the stables where Jared was catering his horse and his master's. She dismissed the rest of the guards. She didn't even remember what she said or did that he was making love to her but she remembered seeing Martin's face as he came and saw them together. He had left without a word and went back to the party. Sidney felt somewhat down and looked at Nathan. He held his glass up and cheered to her as he smiled. Gorham noticed it and turned Sidney to him he tried to make her smile but it seemed she was not in a good mood. For some reason he felt as if her bad mood was slipping into everyone around her.  
`What is it?' he asked her.  
`Martin's heart just got broken.'  
`I wasn't aware that Martin was seeing someone.'  
`Of course you weren't,' she said through clenched teeth. Then stood up and left the room. She went out and was walking around then she saw Alice emerging from the stables then a little while Jared emerged. She went back to the party and acted as if nothing was wrong.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Two months later, there was a hearing at the council hall and the matter at hand was the matter of Alice being married and the fact that she was pregnant. Joel was there. Alice was there. Jared was there. Gorham and Nathan were there. So was Samuel, Alice's father. Martin had decided that he wasn't going to attend to wait for the outcome. He had stopped talking to Jared and had moved out of his house to Sidney's unoccupied one.  
They were almost giving out the judgment and verdict when the door to the hall opened. `You cannot do this to both of them.'  
The head of the council looked down at her and frowned. `Miss Storm, this is a private hearing. Please exit the room.' Gorham was leaning in wondering what she was doing here. He had noticed that Sidney was reserved when it came to the matter and now she was storming into the room as if she were the queen herself.  
`Why should I when I already know what is happening? You cannot force them to marry!'  
`This is not your concern...'  
`It is my concern in every bit.' she said in a cold hard voice. Suddenly the room was chilly. `They do not love each other and I know for a fact that Jared isn't in the least bit interested in her.'  
`But he got her pregnant...'  
`After being seduced by her one time when they were in the stables.' Everybody looked at her shocked except Alice of course who looked down in shame. The location hadn't been known. The number of times hadn't been mentioned as well. Martin suddenly entered and tried to lead her away. He was shocked when Sidney suddenly decided that she had to stop it. `No, let go of me. If I'm leaving this place then it's when I say so.' Her voice was leveled which was quite eerie.  
`Miss Storm, you'd better leave.'  
But she wasn't listening. `Did you not learn anything from the disaster you put Diane in? She lived in an unhappy marriage all her life and still you want to put the present queen through a lifetime of unhappiness.'  
`Somebody remove her from this place!' the head of the council ordered but news about Sidney's fight with Nathan had traveled among the guards and all of them were afraid of approaching her.  
`Well, I forgot to mention one thing about Eric during his trial when I testified,' At this Gorham stood up from his seat and was about to head to her when she turned to him and shouted, `Don't you dare come close to me unless you are planning to stop this.' Gorham stopped in his step. She turned to Martin and Joel. `I want you to get out!' she ordered. Martin had never seen her like this and thought they should probably leave. He went to his brother and dragged him away.  
She turned to the council, `Let me tell you what Eric confessed to me when he was about to rape me. He said that he had raped his wife several times and nothing was done about it. She could not say anything because she was after all the queen. Not once in their life together did she want him and all he cared about was have the next queen, thankfully she didn't bare a girl child with him.' she almost spit  
`So what you are suggesting is that Jared will end up raping Alice when he wants something?'  
`No. what I'm saying is that one day you sat in this same room and doomed the life of one of your queens. Don't do the same thing to this queen,' she said in a low voice.  
There was some doubt in some of the council men but the vote had already been cast. `Queen Alice is to be wed to Jared Kins by the end of the week.'  
Sidney’s heart fell. She looked at Jared who had looked at her like she tried everything she could but it was hopeless. She turned to the council about to object but her strength failed and she fainted on the floor. Everybody wondered what had happened but Gorham just went to her and picked her up. He carried her to the door where Jared had moved to open the door for him. He looked back at Alice then left the room. No one noticed Nathan's smile. One more person to deal with! He thought.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
`What did you think you were doing there?' Gorham asked. When he had taken Sidney back to the house he had watched as she was still out cold. He realized he didn't know her at all. What would drive her to start caring whether Alice marries Jared? To him he thought that it was a good choice though he was going to lose his best man. He thought that Jared was a decent guy and would try to make Alice happy.  
But as she started waking up he realized he had a lot of questions mixed with the worry that he felt when he had seen her go down. He asked the first question that came to his mind. She stared at him though it didn't seem she was seeing him. `I asked, what were you doing there?'  
`Trying to stop a mistake from happening,' she tried to sit up but he put her back down.  
`You shouldn't tire yourself so much like that! '  
`Not even when it is doing the right thing?'  
`At least you could have told me, I would have been able to do something about it.'  
`No, you wouldn't have helped. I wouldn't have put you in a situation where you might have disappointed me.' She smiled. `I think I need to sleep for awhile.' Then she closed her eyes.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
In the following weeks she was depressed. Gorham didn't know what was going on and whenever he tried to find out what was going on then she would snap at him. He decided to keep a close watch on her and let her be. He therefore appointed a bodyguard to be with her throughout. She didn't object to that. In fact she acted as if she were in a trance and found herself in places that she had not intended to be at.  
She was walking around the city like a zombie and at times the guard would take her hand and lead her back to Gorham's castle and she wouldn't know the difference. Today she walked up to Alice's castle though she was not going to see neither Alice nor Jared. Even though they were the people that were making her life miserable she couldn't blame them. Nathan had manipulated events and now two of Diane's sons were unhappy.  
She went to the fighting arena where Joel had been a lot lately. He was draining his frustrations on pure force and exhaustion. She watched him now fighting with someone but he was no better now than he was before. She approached him from behind. He was wielding the sword up and turning round. She ducked just before the sword passed over her head. He noticed her and stopped. He smiled at her, `Miss Storm, it's not good to sneak up on people on training.'  
`I'll keep that in mind,' she said then made a little step to him. She put her arms around him surprising everyone who was around there. `I'm so sorry.'  
`Sorry about what?' he asked trying to move away. He was slightly embarrassed by the affection publicly. He was also not comfortable with her being close to him when he was drenching with sweat.  
She pulled back. `Oh! I don't mean to embarrass you.' She stepped back and smiled.  `How are you anyway?'  
`Fine. I'm doing fine regardless for what has happened.' He put the sword down and looked at her curiously. She moved to the person he was training with.  
`May I have that?' she asked and the guard doubtfully handed it to her. She wielded the sword once then twice. It was a bit heavy but she got used to it.  
`What are you doing?' Joel asked as he watched her with a slight smile on his face. He was always intrigued by the way she seemed now to be looking after him and his brother.  `I want to teach you a few pointers.'  
`You?'  
`Sure,' she paused and a chuckle came through her throat. `I know it's a bit hard to imagine. How's your training coming along?'  
`Not so good. You know as well as everyone less that it is a hopeless quest as I do not have my parents' talents.'  
`I think that it's your attitude towards it that doesn't enable yourself to push further.'  
He gave her a weak smile to say that he didn't believe that was the case regardless. `I have been training well and I'm doing my best.'  
`Really?' she asked and he nodded the response. He didn't look at her though. He always felt a bit embarrassed by the way he just never seemed to make it. Sidney turned to the guard whose sword she was wielding, `Give us some space please.' She said politely. He moved back. Sidney raised the sword and attacked Joel who wasn't expecting it. He reacted as instinctively as she had expected.  
When they met there was a loud clanking of metals. They both found themselves moving back as the reactive force pushed them back. They were still on their feet although Sidney faltered a bit more than Joel.  
`How did you...' he started but Sidney pointed the sword to him and was moving as if to stab him but Joel stepped aside. The sword didn't touch him. She stepped back thinking of how she was going to attack next. She turned the sword in her hand and it turned in a circular motion. She didn't attack though.  
`Why aren't you trying to stop me?' she asked.  
`You are not a guard.'  
Sidney laughed. She put the weapon down then looked up at Joel. `Have you talked to Alice?' 
Joel just shrugged. `You have to find out why she did what she did.'  
`It's none of my business and I've accepted it.'  
Sidney decided that she could try a different tact. `You know Jared doesn't love her, right?'  `Yeah...'  
`And do you know who Jared loves?'  
Joel looked at her puzzled. He didn't know if she was fishing or if she knew what was going on. `He loves Martin.'  
`Precisely.' she walked to him. `He loves Martin and whatever happened wasn't because he wanted it but because she wanted it. You have to find that out.'  
`What's the point?' he looked at her sadly then looked away. `She was the one who wanted him and not me.'  
`Well, that might be true,' she paused until his eyes caught hers. `Or maybe she had a very good reason to do that. The least she could do now is throw you out of her castle but after getting married to someone else I doubt if that would hurt as much.' Joel didn't say anything. `Promise me you won't turn away when she comes to talk to you?'  
Joel studied her for a while then decided that agreeing to it would be the best thing for him to do. `I promise.'  
`Good because she is coming here at this moment.' Joel spun around and looked at Alice who was walking towards them. Sidney brushed her lips on his cheek and passed Alice as she was walking away. She waved to her and smiled courteously. She looked back at Joel who seemed to be rooted to the ground but his eyes were fixed on Alice.  
Alice stepped on the podium but did not go close to him. `Sidney Storm has really taken an interest in you and your brother!'  
`Yes, she has.'  
`Why is that?' she asked.  
`I don't know.'  
`I think she wants to find out more about Diane.'  
`She has never asked me anything to do with my mother.'  
`Oh!' she exclaimed in a low voice. She didn't know how to approach the subject that she wanted to discuss with Joel.  
`So what brought you here?' Joel asked. He seemed impatient.  
`I was hoping I would talk to you.'  
`You are talking to me now.'  
`I wanted to say this privately if you don't mind.'  
`No, I don't.'  
`Could you come have dinner with me at the castle tonight?'  
`Will Jared be there?'  
`To be honest I have no idea where he disappears to and I don't care.'  
`So you want me to have dinner with you alone?'  
`Not alone! There will be people there though we will be the only ones eating.' She bit her thumb as she waited for an answer.  
`Fine,' he saw the smile on her lips. `Only dinner and you tell me whatever it is that you wanted to tell me.'  
`That is the deal,' she said then put out her hand for a shake. He shook it and right after she was walking away. Joel might have been oblivious to the people staring but she wasn't. She had learned her lesson that someone is always watching and they would talk about something that she did wrong behind her back. She was glad though that this time Joel didn't run away from her. That was enough progress at first and now that he had said he would go have dinner with her was something else. Though saying and doing were two different things but she was prepared to wait and see what he would do. She was going to be mad. She had no right to be mad at him if he chose not to be around her anymore.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Gorham found Sidney waiting for him at the dining table. She said nothing about him being late for the meal but he hadn't been told that she was waiting. The servants served him first and then they served Sidney. She was quiet as she usually was these days but she took joy in her food.  
`How was your day?' he decided to inquire.  
She smiled briefly at him, `It went better than I had expected.' Then she turned to a book that was next to her. Gorham had failed to notice it. She opened it and started reading a page that had a book mark.  
Gorham ate a little bit in silence then he asked, `How is the food?'  
`Same as usual.' She didn't look up at him. There was another gap filled with silence. `How are you holding up?'  
`Fine. The nausea has passed though.'  `That's good, right?' he was watching her.  
`Yes, that's good,' she said as she nodded. Her hand went to the fork that was on the plate and she put a mouth full in her mouth.  
`Sidney, please look at me,' his voice betrayed him and sounded that he was really begging.  
Sidney's hand hesitated putting the fork back then she looked up, `What?' she asked.  
`Have you considered my proposal?' he asked. The servants in the house had noticed the tension in the house and the ones that were in the room at the moment look back and forth from Sidney to Gorham as the conversation proceeded.  
`I don't think that now is the time to bring that up.'  
`But I have been waiting for months to hear your answer,' he waited for Sidney to reply but she didn't. He continued, `It's such a simple question that just requires a yes or no answer.'  
`It isn't as simple as that for me and it shouldn't be that easy for you too!'  
`And why is that?' he asked putting his cutlery down giving up his food all together.  
`You were in love with Diane for a large portion of your life and she died so suddenly. Then I come along and you somehow want to replace her with me.'  
`That's not what's happening. I love you Sidney and I shouldn't have to be reminding you every time about that fact.' The servants that were in the room debated whether to exit or not but they knew more shocks were going to come. They could not bring themselves to miss it.  
`Tell me that you have forgotten about Diane.'  
`I couldn't lie to you about that.'  
`Have you forgotten about her or not?'  `No,' came the answer curtly.  
`And you want to marry me why?' she asked then leaned towards him as if giving him all her attention.  
`Because I fell in love with you.'  
`So soon after Diane's demise?' Gorham just stared at her. `You loved her your whole life and you want to marry another before even a year passes.'  
After some thought Gorham leaned forward the same way she was and their heads were just a foot apart. `What are you afraid of, Sidney?'  `What?' she was taken aback.  
`Why are you so afraid to marry me?'  
`Don't turn this on me!'  
`But it's always been about you. You are the one who hasn't given an answer. You are the one who thinks about Diane even more than I do. You are the one who is keeping things from me. You are...'  
`Wait!' she interrupted. `What am I keeping from you?'  
`Where do you come from, for starters? Why are so interested in Diane's son's? What is your relationship with Nathan? How do you know so much about Diane? Things that she only told me you know about them. Other things were not even in the diary and I don't keep one of my own. How do you know them?' Sidney bit her lip defiantly as she stared at him in silence. `What about Wendy Summer? How much do you know about her?'  
Sidney looked away guiltily then after attaining some composure, looked back at him. `If you think that I'm keeping things from you, why do you still want to marry me?' she asked in a whisper.  
`Because whatever they are, I doubt if there is any that will change what I feel about you.' His hand covered hers over the table. She looked at it then at him and tears welled up in her eyes. She pulled her hand away, stood up and started walking away hurriedly.  
The bodyguard came in a second after she went out. `Should I go after her sir?'  
`No, she needs a little bit of privacy now.' He went back to eating his food. He was glad though that he didn't mention anything to do with the baby. He wouldn't have liked to have everyone know that she was pregnant if she hadn't agreed to marry him. Furthermore, he didn't want to pressurize her into agreeing because she was pregnant. He was glad by the way he had handled it.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Jared went to see Martin after sometime, the same night as the one that Alice was going to have dinner with Joel. He knocked on the door and Martin came to open the door but was surprised to see him. `What are you doing here?' he asked the former.  
`You are still trying to avoid me?' He pushed the door open and entered. `I wanted to know what it was that was bothering you.'  
`Let me see. First I caught you with somebody else. Then you marry her?'  
`You know I have nothing to do with her.'  
`Of course, except for the child that she is carrying!'  
`We've made an arrangement with each other. It turns out it was her father's plan to get us married. It will seem that way but we want to see other people.'  
`Who does she want to see?'  
`Your brother.' He saw Martin's face contort in anger. `You have to understand that she didn't mean it. She was just doing what her father wanted. And I want you.'  
Martin stared at him then said, `Please leave, I have a lot of things to think about.'  
Jared had no choice but to do so. But before he left he turned to Martin, `I never meant to hurt you in any way,' there was a sarcastic look on Martin's face. `I wish I could show you how much I'm hurting inside. I want you back.' he then left the house.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Alice waited for a long time. She was sitting alone in the dining room and the servants were constantly removing food to go warm them up. They were probably frustrated that she wasn't eating yet. She moved around a lot anxiously hoping that Joel did not disappoint him. She found herself rearranging the utensils and her hair. She was fidgeting in her seat and when Joel walked in her heart skipped a beat then started beating faster as nervousness settled in.  
After the formality of the handshakes and serving Alice realized that they didn't have much to talk about except for the topic that she had promised she would discuss.  
`I wanted you to know the reason why I married Jared.'  
`Aren't you expecting his child?'  
`Yes, that too.' she took a bite form her plate then realized too late that she really didn't have an appetite. She swallowed anyway. `My father came to me almost three months ago, now. He told me what he wanted and what he didn't want and I always end up doing what he wants in the end.'  
`So, it was true when Sidney said that you seduced Jared?'  
I didn't want to but my father, he thought that there was no other way to do it and suggested that. She wanted to argue it like that but thought better of it and instead said, `Yes, it is true.' she looked down in shame.  
Joel could feel himself starting to feel sorry for her so he hardened his heart. `So, why am I here then?'  
`I wanted you to know what happened. That's all.'  
`And now I know.'  
`It wasn't right that I did that to Jared and it isn't right that I did it to myself. I have lost friends who did not approve of what I did and I want to know where you stand in all this.'  
Joel thought of an appropriate answer, `I did not like it and will not pretend that it never happened but,' he held her eyes. `But I like being your friend and I don't want to lose you as one of my friends.'  
Alice smiled in relief, `I don't know what to say...'  
`I know what my mother would say,' he paused. `To the gallows with her!'  
Alice burst out laughing. She was now happy. `Your mother had her own issues...'  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Gorham had finished up his work and passed by the kitchen to the surprise of the cooks. They didn't even know if he knew the direction of the kitchen which in fact he didn't. He was opening all the doors until he found the right one. He asked them to bring something up for Sidney who he had found out did not come back to eat anything.  
He found Sidney curled up in bed but she didn't seem asleep. He went to her and kissed her cheek then sat on the bed with his back to her. The door opened again and a tray was being carried in with food on it. Sidney had turned to look at who was coming in next. The tray was handed over to Gorham and the servant left. She sat up and looked at the food and then at Gorham.  
`I thought you should eat something,' he said as he handed her the tray. It took a while before she started eating well but he had known she was starving. Gorham changed as she was eating and when she was done he took the tray and gave it to the guards outside. He didn't like interruptions. He came back and slipped into bed. `Goodnight, Sidney,' was all that he said. There was no reply from Sidney but she did put her arms around him.  
As usual, every morning, when Gorham woke up the following morning, Sidney was awake. He stared at her before he sat up. `Did I talk in my sleep?'  
`No.'  
`Then what is it?'  
`I had a nightmare,' she started then looked away from him in embarrassment.  
Gorham turned her to face him, `What was the nightmare about?' he asked.  
`Could you... could you kiss me?' she was hesitant.  
Gorham wondered about that but he couldn't ask. He moved closer to her. `That's not a problem.' His lips brushed over hers. She was still for a moment then she kissed him back. After sometime, he withdrew, `Is that fine?' he asked.  
She nodded as she sucked her lips. Then she asked, `Could you make love to me?' Gorham raised his eyebrow questioningly. `The baby will be fine,' she reassured him. That seemed to be all he needed to hear.  
	  	 	 	 	 	*  
Sidney went to work a little after Gorham had gone to his office. He hadn't even asked what the nightmare was about after the love making and Sidney was glad about that. She didn't want to lie to him and neither did she want to tell him the truth. She was driven in the carriage and then dropped off at her shop. Martin was there as usual before her. It didn't seem as if he had got much sleep.  
Of all the people, she knew that Martin would be the first to notice the bulge in her stomach. He took interest in everything that she was putting on and had already noticed the weird appetite she had developed.  
`Can I ask your opinion on a private matter?'  
`Of course,' Sidney answered though she was puzzled that he forgot to greet her.  
`Do you think I should forgive Jared for what he has done to me?'  
`Um,' she thought for a moment. `If it were me, I don't think I would have thought of forgiving him.'  
`So you are telling me that if it were Gorham who did this to you, you wouldn't think of forgiving him?'  
`I'm sure Gorham loves me. Are you sure Jared feels the same way you do about him?'  
`Would it make a difference if the answer was yes?'  
`A very big difference.' They did not talk about that topic for the rest of the day. By noon she realized that they had more customers than usual. They were chatting with each other animatedly. She realized that for the first time she say people in large numbers laughing with each other with in the city. She went to Martin who was still in the shop with her. `What's going on?'  `Where?' he looked around expectantly.  
`Why is everybody in such a good mood?'  
`Oh them! There's a festival coming up.'  
`What festival?'  
`Gorham didn't tell you?' he saw Sidney shake her head. `You see the way that Alice is the one who is always holding parties for the royal families and the ambassadors and the other guests?'  
`Yes.'  
`Gorham does the same but for the people and the community at large. He holds festivals like the one which is coming up. Harvesting festivals, planting festivals, new-year's festivals, hero’s festivals and several others.'  
`But in all the months that I've been here, I've never seen any festival being held.'  `He wasn't up to it then but now...' his voice trailed.  
`Does Nathan hold anything?'  
`No. he's normally a joint party organizer with Alice's throne.'  
`I should get up dated more often,' she said to herself. `I think we should give out a discount for the jewelries from now until two weeks after the festival.'  
Somebody heard her from among the crowd, `Really? Are you really cutting the prices?'  
`Yes, by ten percent.' A pleased murmur erupted among the crowd. The search for something suitable intensified and they would approach either Martin or Sidney to ask for the history of the jewel. By the end of the day Sidney was tired. She decided to leave Martin in the shop to finish up with the last remaining customers as she went home to the castle to relax.  
She exited the shop and started to walk slowly towards the next street where she was normally picked up. She was paying no attention to the people around her and when she almost bumped into someone, her mind came back. She stepped to one side but it seemed the man also did the same. She made a step towards the other side but the man also made the same choice and so they ended still in front of each other. She looked up expecting the latter to now make his move. But when she saw his face, she jumped back in surprise.  
The man forced a smile on his face. He was handsome except for the scar that ran across his face. And when he smiled, the scar contorted into a very ugly shape. `Hi, Sidney,' he greeted her politely; his voice deep but seemed to have a chilling calmness to it.  
`James,' she gasped as her mind fully comprehended the fact that he was here.  
`Don't be surprised to see me, honey.' he said as his smile now turned to be a genuine one as he was pleased by himself for having caught her unawares. `You are getting sloppy, honey.'  
Sidney frowned. `Excuse me; I have to get going now.' She tried to brush past him but he blocked her way. `James, please let me through.'  
`You see, honey, I've been looking for you for the last five years and here you are at last.' he paused the leaned to her and whispered in her ear. `How am I to let you to disappear again?'  
Sidney stepped back in disgust. She forced past him but he caught her arm and she winced in pain as he squeezed. `You wouldn't dare attack me in public!' she hissed in anger.  
But before James answered Sidney's bodyguard approached them, `Is there a problem here, 
Miss Storm?'  
She looked up at him, `No,' she said in a controlled voice but she snatched her arm away from James' hold. `Could you take me home, please?'  
`Of course,' he said and put out his arm for her to hold on to. She didn't look back at James. Had she looked back she would have been more worried and maybe she would have anticipated what was to come next.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	* 
 
 
 
 
 

CHAPTER SEVEN
   
Wendy was surprisingly quiet the following morning. She had her breakfast in complete silence. Her mood was reflected on everyone who was in the kitchen. Only the cluttering of the utensils was heard. There was not even any coughing. Greta who was the closest person to her thought better than to say anything about it but she watched her keenly and noticed the way her head jerked up suddenly and she frowned. Her eyes seemed to change hue as they darkened and narrowed.  
She looked back down at her cup as if waiting for something to happen next. After almost five minutes Victor entered the kitchen which was the first time for him. He came in inquisitively.  `I thought you'd be done with breakfast by now!'  `Why?' she asked curtly.  
`Because I still have to train you, did you forget that?'  
`No, I didn't forget,' she said then paused. She turned slowly in her seat and looked at him, `I'm not going to train today.'  `What?' He was shocked.  
`I said I'm not going to train today and in fact,' she stood up and approached him, `I don't think that I'm going to train ever again.'  
`That wasn't the deal...'  
`I'm making a new deal,' she smiled slightly and it made Greta shudder at the coldness of the smile. `I want to know what it is that you wish to achieve by training me. Why can't my father train me?'  
`Because he's your father, that's why. He has an emotional attachment to you.'  
`And you?' she chuckled at how she was clever enough to trap Victor. He pursed his lips. `I would have thought the kiss last night would have qualified as an emotional attachment.' Victor didn't answer. `I think I should go and talk to my father about that.'  
`Why would you do that?' he asked raising his eyebrow questioningly.  
`Because I want to know how he's going to react to this.'  
Instead of being scared, Victor surprised everyone by smiling slyly, he asked, `What do you want?'  
`I want you to help me.'  
`I'm already doing that. Be more specific about what you want!'  
`I want my full powers!'  
`Your father has the key to that.'  
`But you can get it for me,' her eyes narrowed at him.  
Victor studied her then said, `How about we do this,' he paused for a moment as the tension mounted. `You will keep what happened yesterday between the two of us.'  
`And why should I do that?'  
`There are many reasons to do that: first is that, you would be embarrassing yourself in front of your father not to mention me. Secondly, there is nothing that he will do if I promise to keep a distance between the two of us because he needs me to help you. Thirdly, you want me to help you master your powers or you will die when you access them. And finally,' he gave her an evil smile, `I might as well avoid all this and just wipe out your memory of this conversation and what happened yesterday and what happened at my house.'  
`You wouldn't!' her eyes were wide filled with shock.  
`That's how you give a threat,' his voice was as hard as steel. Wendy's eyes welled up and she passed by him before she started crying. She went upstairs. Victor didn't try to stop her. He turned to Greta, `Could you go find out if she wants to ride the horses?'  `What horses?' she asked.  
`They are coming in at the moment.' He then turned and left the kitchen. After almost fifteen minutes, Wendy came through the back door and into the field. Victor handed her a chestnut horse as he took a white one. There was a third black one but it was being walked around. She mounted hers without any difficulty. The horses here were smaller than back home. She watched as he mounted his own. They trotted around the field first then went into a gallop.  
`Have you gotten used to it yet?' he asked.  
`Yes.'  
`Let's see how well you can maneuver it,' he said then kicked his horse and it started to run. She did likewise and they were racing towards the forest. Victor as usual was leading and she found that she was dragging behind. Eventually she lost sight of Victor and she brought her horse to a stop. 
She petted it until Victor came back to view and then trotted around her. `You are dragging behind.'  `I know.' she said not looking at him.  
`Okay, I'm waiting.'  
`For what?'  
`For you to tell me what is bothering you?'  
Wendy turned to look at him as if he had lost his mind. `I can't talk to you about what is bothering me!'  
`Talk to your father then.'  
Wendy looked at the trees for a while. `I didn’t realize that I was alone here, until now.'  
`You have me, you have your father.'  
`Precisely! I have you who has threatened to wipe out my memory and my father whom I don't know anything about.'  
`I can't whip out your memory. I lied about that.'  
She tilted her head to the side, `Still doesn't make a difference.'  `You could chat with your spirits!' he suggested helpfully.  
`They are versions of myself. Talking to them is practically talking to myself.'  
Victor moved the horse next to hers. She looked at him expectantly. `I was going to wait until you decided to conquer the world but I think you need this now,' he said in a gentle voice. He removed something from his pocket and handed it to her. She looked at the necklace. It looked like the chandeliers in the residence but it was smaller. It was unlike anything that she had ever seen. `It belonged to your mother.'  
`Diane.'  
`The one and only.' he took it from her hand and put it on her neck. He tied it at the back of her neck. She was immediately taken on a trance. He dismounted and then went and lifted Wendy off her own horse. He laid her on the ground and went to tie up the horses. He came back then started to have his own form of meditation.  
As dusk was approaching, the forest became darker. Victor thought of waking her up and start heading back to the residence. He had not found a better way of waking her up. If he had known that she was going to fall into a trance the minute he put the necklace around her neck, he would have waited until they were at the house.  
He couldn't imagine kissing her without the scene from the previous night coming back vividly. The unfortunate thing of being a wizard was that the memory was a powerful thing. One could remember every sensation precisely how they took place. Her hot lips, wet tongue, tight grip and smooth skin. His heart started beating faster.  
He shook his head to forget the memory. He couldn't bear to kiss her again. He took her hand in his and called her. `Wendy, wake up.' she turned as if she was waking up but the pull wasn't strong enough. He leaned toward her and his lips touched hers. His thumb caressed her cheek as it slid down to her ear. His tongue pushed past her closed lips and opened her mouth to his. She started responding slowly though it was. Her arms went round his body and pulled him towards her hard.  
He found himself lying on top of her though he did not want to pull back. The kiss got more passionate and deeper. He then took his lips from hers and continued to kiss her neck. She opened her eyes wide in shock. She realized she didn't want this. She didn't want to be kissed when she did not know. She did not want to wake up with her mouth in someone else’s mouth. She did not want to be always hiding from her father. And more so, she did not want to feel so unsatisfied like she felt the previous night.  
She pushed Victor back. He looked curiously at her but did not force himself on her. He stood up and helped her up. She was staring at him curiously. For some strange reason she couldn't really tell what he was feeling. Not even now that she had stopped him when his emotions were running high.  
She bit her lip before she asked, `Do you mind asking Mr. Clay if there is another way of waking me up from the trance?'  `Sure.'  
They rode back to the residence which they got to when it completely became dark. She let Victor take the horses to the temporary stable that had been put up while a more permanent one was being built while she went to shower.  
After an hour or so, she came down and was asked by Charles to join Mr. Clay and Victor in the study where they had been since the beginning of the evening. As she walked into the room, she could feel the tension in the room. She went to sit in between the two and watched her father quietly.  
He began, `Some things have come to my attention since the beginning of the evening and it is my duty to act on it.' He leaned forward and looked closely at Wendy and something told the latter that he was trying to look into her soul. `Due to misinformation, Victor has been taking you out of the trance by kissing you.' He paused as if waiting for an answer. When he didn't get one he asked, `Is this true?'  
`Yes,' she answered flatly.  
`And due to this kissing, he has sort of developed feelings for you?'  
`I'm I supposed to answer that or are you informing me on this or maybe it were a rhetorical question.' Her eyes didn't betray her but she was curious to know if it was indeed true that Victor had developed feelings for her.  
Henry stared at her for awhile. `Forget about that. The bottom line is that Victor has crossed the line and therefore can't take you through the second part of the training which is the most crucial one. And as you have already been informed, I cannot train you.'  
`I don't understand that.'  
`What?'  
`That you can't train me.'  
`Well,' he looked at Victor before answering. `I can't train you because I have easy access to your powers and that will not lead to your maximum potential let alone it would be fatal if I lost control of that access.'  
`Okay,' she thought for a moment, `but why can't Victor still train me?'  
`Because he is bound to be lenient at times and a little unreasonable at other times. Now back to the problem, you still need to finish your training...'  
`But what if I don't want to finish this training.'  
`The training is for your own good, Wendy. It is not only that you may decide to go back and lead your empire but so that you survive in this world. We did not tell you some things but we intended to.'  
`Things such as?'  
`Such as the fact that for one to survive where there are several wizards one need to be alert and strong in order not to be killed.' He leaned back to the chair. `You will therefore have to go to Madison's Island...'  
`What?' Victor sprang up from his chair.  
Henry ignored him and continued, `You will go as soon as tomorrow in order for you to be there in two days.'  
`You can't be serious!' Victor exclaimed.  
`You will be there to be trained by the best teacher I know of.'  
`She will be killed when her training is done!'  
Wendy turned in shock to her father. He looked grim, `Not if she kills Madison first.'  `Nobody has ever lived after finishing their training with her!'  
`You did.'  
`I did not finish my training.'  
There was a long stretch of silence. `You will have to inform Wendy on everything that she will need to know about Madison and the island. The other students and any other thing that she will need to know.' Henry stood up and looked questioningly at Victor but he didn't say anything else. He left the two of them alone.  
`Should I be worried about going to Madison's island?' Wendy was curious.  
`No, it's a great place.'  
`So I need not to be worried that my teacher is going to want to kill me?'  
`No need to worry about that now. She kills only after the training is done and thus takes ones powers when they have been fully cultivated. She doesn't like the stress of thinking that one’s spirit could possibly do more.'  
`What else do I need to know?'  
Victor looked seriously at her. `No one has ever come close to killing her other than me but, you are an exception in so many things and that may be why your father thinks you will survive. You are very powerful and I have seen that first hand. Unfortunately, Madison did not survive this long because she is ignorant. From the minute that she will see you she will know who you are and that is good because she will favor you. And if she favors you, she will lower her guard when it comes to you.  
Do not forget though that she will eventually build it up again and therefore you will need to know more about her within the first few weeks or months or whatever time it will take. Also you will have to keep details that she can use to destroy you a secret.'  
`Details like what?'  
`Like who you love, who you hate, what you would give the world to have and more so the simplest of fears such as hydrophobia, claustrophobia, xenophobia and the rest. But note that if she notices that you keep so much secrets she will become suspicious of you. So, you have to give her something.'  
`She remembers who you are, doesn't she?'  
`Yes.'  
`So, she will probably know that you had this talk with me.'  
`I suppose,' he said thoughtfully, `I don't know what you can do about that!'  `But I know,' she said with a little bit of a smile.  
Victor raised his eyebrow questioningly but did not press. It was better if he did not know what she was going to do in case Madison came after him. He continued, `When you get to the island you will have to pass a challenge course and then you will have a one on one interview with Madison herself.'  
`Who's going to take me there?'  
`Your father but don't worry, he has known Madison for so long.'  
`Is that supposed to reassure me?'  
`No, I was not trying to reassure you. Your father and Madison have known each other for a long time and when you know someone for as long as they have,' he paused for effect, `You become neither enemies nor friends, just mutual acquaintances. They don't do anything unless they are sure that whatever it is, is worth more than just respect for the other.'  
`So, Madison is about Henry's age?'  
`No, she will look younger but she is much older than any other wizard I know of.'  
`How old is she then?'  
`Almost two thousand years old.'  `T- two thousand?' she stammered.  
`Yes.'  
`How is that possible?'  
`When she kills, she not only takes away your powers but your youth in order to sustain her life,' he paused as if something got in his mind for the first time. `Do you know how old I am?'  `No,' her voice was barely audible.  
`What about your father?' She shook her head. `Wendy, I'm two hundred and fifty years old.' She almost collapsed. `And your father is over six hundred years old.'  
`I- I- don't believe that.'  
`Wendy, wizards live for hundreds of years before they die. That is if it is from a natural death.'  
Wendy was mortified. `You are two hundred...'  
`And fifty years old? Yes. How come you didn't know that?'  
`Know what? You didn't tell me!'  
`Okay, fine, I should have told you earlier. Now back to pressing matters...'  
`Pressing matters? I think knowing that you are over two hundred years old is a pressing matter.'  
`Wendy, if you keep at this age thing then I will not tell you all that you need to know in order to survive Madison's lessons.'  
`I don't care about Madison's lessons. I kissed you and you are...so old.' Victor smiled at that. The former stood up in disbelief. `You think that it is funny?'  
`Yes, I think that it is funny because I do look young, don't I?' he smiled wickedly before he continued, `Madison teaches like I do. You will have to do most of the work yourself. There will be other students there but they will be more advanced than you so you will need to choose your sparring partner well. The competitions will be held weekly to see how one is progressing. After the competitions, if you are not hurt, you will be given an opportunity to go into the main land to do some shopping or look around. Meet up with friends or do other personal things. Do you have any other questions?'  
`You should have told me...'  
`Besides my age.'  
`No, I don't have any other questions.'  
`Okay then,' he stood up. `Good luck on your training and good night.' He left her there still musing over his age. He knew he should have told her that technically he was just about his twenties but he didn't. He wanted her to be mad at him and if that happened then he wouldn't feel so guilty of letting her go to Madison's island. He wanted his conscience to think that she probably deserved it. And besides, he didn't want to be held back in explanations when he was supposed to be heading to the alternate universe to see Gorham and access what was happening on the other side. He had his orders and there was no time to delay.  
	  	 	 	 	 	* 
Wendy was helped out of the boat by her father. He still hadn't mentioned the issue about him being her biological father but he seemed to have an incline that she already knew that and thus there was no need to be uttering it in words. She hadn't seen Victor after that night two days ago and she seemed sad as she did not know when she would see him again. She had gathered enough courage to ask her father where he was but he was quite vague with the answer.  
She straightened her clothes as she stepped onto the wooden dock. She hadn't noticed the woman who was waiting at the dock. She was wearing a long maroon gown and she was slender. Wendy was somehow reminded of Diane and wondered how it would have been like if she grew up with her real mother. She watched her father hug Madison and how familiar things were between them.  
Madison was very comfortable in his arms and acted quite fondly with him. She was a beauty according to Wendy who was watching a few steps back. She had thick black hair and they were curled. Her eyebrows were also thick and black while her skin was a pure cream. She had thin lips and didn't seem to be a person who smiled a lot but everything else about her seemed to shadow that fact. Her body was well curved despite her being slender and she was tall, almost Henry's height. She also seemed to be Wendy's age but when she looked at her, her eyes could tell one that she had seen everything that anyone could ever see.  
Wendy moved forward and held out her hand to Madison. `I'm Wendy.' she introduced herself.  
Madison stared at the hand suspiciously before she took it. She closed her eyes for a moment then opened her eyes. She smiled, `I'm Madison.' She turned to Henry. `It seems you have been hiding something from me.'  
`Now you know.'  
Madison nodded as if she had been asked a question. `Tell me,' she looked at Wendy briefly then back to Henry, `who is her mother?'  
Henry smiled slightly, `The late Queen Diane.'  
Madison's eyes went wide with shock. `Wow!' she chuckled. `I didn't think there was anything else that could ever surprise me.' A long pause. `How did you get her to sleep with you?'  `I don't think we should talk about that now,' he said.  
`Of course, the daughter is right here.' Madison went to Wendy. She walked around the latter inspecting her then came back to talk to Henry. `Why is she here then? The daughters are trained from childhood.'  
`She wasn't raised by Diane. I therefore need you to train her yourself.' he saw the greed on 
Madison's eyes. `She is a treasure, isn't she?'  
`Indeed she is.' Then Madison walked over to Wendy and took her arm. `You are going to stay here for awhile as I nature that power that is inside you.' she started to drag Wendy away but stopped. `How rude of me! You should probably say goodbye to your father.' she let go of her arm and walked some distance away to give them privacy.  
Wendy walked to her father and not knowing how to do this just stood there awkwardly. Henry pushed the hair away from her face and tacked it behind her ear. `So you already knew I was your father.'  
`Yes.'  
`Did Victor tell you?'  
`No,' she looked at sea. `I overheard you say it the first day I met you.'  
`Eavesdropping is a bad habit!' he said. Wendy smiled at this. How could he possibly start teaching her about right and wrong? She was already a grown woman. He chuckled too. `I want you to remember what I told you and what Victor told you.'  
`I will.'  
`I want you to promise me that you will remember that Madison isn't your friend and will never be your friend.'  
`I will.'  
`Promise!'  
`I promise.'  
`Good. This is where I have to stop. Good luck!' he said and then to Wendy's surprise, he kissed her cheek. He then handed her a sort of card and then got back into the boat. He didn't look back when he was driving away.  
Suddenly Madison was by her side, `If I didn't see it for myself then I wouldn't have believed that Henry Clay was capable of loving someone other than himself.'  
`What?'  
`He cares for you,' Madison said and was leading her away. `Now it's time for tea. I would like it if you were to join me.'  
`Of course Miss Madison.'  
`Don't call me Miss. It's too formal.'  
They went into a large house that was there and as they were walking in Wendy noticed that there were other people and they were watching them with a mixture of curiosity and contempt. She immediately knew that she was not going to be easily accepted.  
As they sat down on the very low chairs, she asked, `Aren't I going to be tested?'  
`You tested?' she laughed sarcastically. `No, I already know that you are Henry's daughter and your mother was... you have the Izanami blood in you. I already know you are going to be a jewel.' She paused and looked directly at Wendy as her father normally did. `How far are gone in your training.'  
`I was just about to start with the powers but I can't say that I have completely mastered the physical part.'  
`Henry used to train you?'  
`No, Victor did,' Wendy saw Madison's reaction. She had already decided that since Madison didn't exactly know her she would play along and tell her as much she wanted to in order to confuse her.  
Madison was quiet for a long while until she had poured the tea and handed it to Wendy. Finally she was sitting down. `You are talking about Victor Raymond?'  
`The one and only.'  
`That explains why you were expecting some sort of a test.'  
Wendy sipped her tea. `He warned me about a lot of things in this place and told me to watch out.'  
`Which begs the question why you tell me that?'  
`I want us to start off in a good note.'  
Madison smiled, `Of course.'  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	 	*  
Victor made his way into Gorham's castle. He had on a magical disguise but Gorham would be able to see who he really was. The castle was being prepared in readiness for the festival that was coming up in two days. There were so many people coming and going that even if he wasn't disguised he would have simply walked in without anyone noticing. The security in the city had slackened with Diane dead and Alice having taken over.  
He was lead into Gorham's office as if he was a guest and asked to wait. Technically Gorham was going to be expecting to meet a messenger from Alice's castle. He had to wait awhile then Gorham walked into the office. He stood up as expected and as Gorham walked to the desk, the former turned slowly towards him. Gorham stopped short in his step.  
He stared at Victor for a long time then turned to the guard who was in the office with them and asked for privacy. After the door closed behind him he turned questioningly at Victor. `What are you doing here?'  
`I came to see how things were fairing on here after the death of Diane.'  
`Where is Wendy?'  
`She is with her father, I think, at the moment.'  
`What do you mean by that?'  
`I mean time goes differently here and there. There is no telling how long a day is on either side. She could still be with her father or she might have been taken to the academy to be taught.'  
`I thought you were the one who was training her?'  
`Things got a bit complicated regarding that.'  
Gorham was accessing Victor, `Tell me why I shouldn't report you to the council.'  
`Because you hate the council and wouldn't want to do anything to benefit them. Two, you want to know how Wendy is fairing on regardless of everything that went on and three...' he was interrupted by the door opening and footsteps were approaching him from behind.  
`Gorham honey,' the woman walked round the table to where Gorham was comfortably seated. `I really don't appreciate the fact that you have this bodyguard following me everywhere I go.'  
`What made you start doubting it? You didn't seem to notice his presence before!'  
`Exactly! Now he's becoming more and more conspicuous and I don't want people to look at me strangely.'  
`You know we could have discussed this some other time.' As he said this he signaled to the person who was in the room with him. Sidney turned to look at the person. The next thing that happened surprised Gorham utterly. Sidney's gaze was met by an astonished smiled from Victor and then she was going round the table and hugged Victor who was standing by now.  
`What are you doing here?' they asked in unison and then laughter ensued. `Seriously, what are you doing here?' she asked Victor managing to get her question through.  
`I'm here on official business with Gorham. What are you doing here?'  
`It's been a long time since we spoke,' she entangled herself from Victor and looked guiltily at 
Gorham. `I'm with him now.'  
At first he was stunned then he smiled wickedly, `You really do know how to pick them.'  `Shut up!' she playfully slapped his arm.  
Gorham being lost wanted to see how much they knew each other before he started questioning them both but, only the fact they knew each other alone, was very odd considering he was a wizard. `Sidney, how do you know Victor?'  
Sidney turned looking a bit confused then she shook her head slightly. `Mm I think I should let Victor explain that part.' She started to move quickly to the door and turned abruptly. `Vic, you'll pass by the shop, we have a lot of things to discuss.' Then she was out of the door.  
Victor turned back to Gorham who was watching him accusingly. He sat down. `How do the two of you know each other?'  
`How much did she tell you about her past?'  
`Not much and considering that she knows you then I assume she has been keeping a lot of things from me.'  
`She probably just doesn't know how you are going to react if she was to tell you all of it.'  
`When is that supposed to be? I have asked her to marry me and she still thinks she can't trust me yet?'  
`You asked her to marry you?' Victor smiled at that. `That was so soon considering that Diane died barely a year ago.'  
`You are not the first person to comment about that but I truly love her.'  
Victor saw the sincerity in his eyes. `Well, all I can tell you is that if she hasn't run away from you by now then she must also love you.'  
Gorham was quiet for a long time. `Is she a wizard?'  
The smile on Victor's face was that of intrigue. `Would it be so bad that she was?'  
Another long pause, `She's expecting my child.'  
`She's what?' He was suddenly up. But before Gorham could repeat what he had just said, Victor was heading to the door.  
`Victor, where are you going?'  
`I'm sorry Your Majesty but I have to go. I'll come back though and update you on what is going with Wendy.' Then he was out of the door just like Sidney had disappeared. He had to admit to himself that he was losing the little power that he had over people. These days when he called someone to stay behind they just went through the door. At least Victor would be coming back to tell him about Wendy. He was very curious as to what was going on with her but now what was overwhelming was the connection between Victor and Sidney.  
	  	 	 	 	 	 	* 
It wasn't very hard for Victor to locate Sidney's shop. She had the same M-O everywhere she went to. She would open up a jewelry shop get to know the people some very intimately but other time she just passed through without a second look at the town. She used to claim that she was looking for knowledge but Victor never believed her for a second but admittedly she just used to mix with those people who were most knowledgeable and in this city Gorham was it. Maybe he had doubts about her theory but it never explained why she would pack up and leave so suddenly without a second thought as to how much she was leaving behind.  
He entered the shop and there she was, as expected behind the counter. He looked around waiting for her to be alone. He was surprised to see Martin in the shop helping her out. That confirmed his suspicions. Whatever Sidney was after had nothing to do with knowledge. It was something else, something that she had been looking for a long time and she found it here. Martin noticed him staring but he didn't do anything about it.  
Victor moved around as if looking for something so as to avoid suspicion but he couldn't tell if he had averted Martin's suspicions. But it didn't matter because Sidney was alone. He walked over to her, kissed her cheek then seated himself opposite her. They didn't talk for a long time then Sidney chuckled.  
`Okay, I give up. You may ask what it is that is bothering you.'  
`Well, as you know, I can't seem to figure you out. Your motives, what you are searching for and more so, what it is that you are doing here.'  
`What was the question?'  
`What are you doing here?'  
`Selling jewelries and updating people on how to be elegant.'  
`That is normally a front for your real intentions.'  
`How would you know that when you just said it yourself that you can't seem to figure me out?'  
`I am concerned about Gorham. You aren't going to break his heart, are you?'  
`Why? It is none of your business!'  
He ignored that part. `He told me that you were pregnant.' Sidney didn't react to that. `Are you?'  
`Of course I am.'  
`You aren't playing a trick on him to see how far he will go?'  
`No, I'm not.' But Victor didn't believe her. He instead reached out across the counter and put his hand on her abdomen. She was stepping back but it wasn't fast enough. `Victor,' she cried. 
Neither noticed an audience that they were developing.  
He sat back down staring at her curiously. `I thought that you couldn't have children?'  
`Things work out in the end.'  
`Can you tell me what's going on?'  
`Like I said earlier, it's none of your business.'  `It's my business. I'm your brother!'  `Half-brother,' Sidney corrected.  
`That doesn't change anything.' he countered. They stared at each other and finally Sidney gave in.  
`Martin,' she called. `I'm going out. Can you take care of the shop?'  
`Of course, Miss Storm.'  
Sidney pulled Victor out of the shop and he walked hurriedly by her side. They were silent, neither wanting to be overheard when talking about the crucial things. Eventually they ended up in a deserted street. Sidney started the conversation. `You remember when mother tried to kill me.'  
`How can I forget?'  
`And I survived because of you partly and because fate had other plans for me.'  
`What are you saying?'  
`That I have been traveling around looking for what it was that I was preserved for and I found it here,' she paused and looked at Victor. He could see that her eyes were glistened but she wasn't about to cry in front of him. He had known her for much longer and that certainly wasn't going to take place. Not now anyway. `I found a family.'  
`Gorham?'  
She nodded. `And Martin and Joel.' Victor was staring incredulously at her. `I have a connection with them that I cannot explain to you.'  
`That is Diane's family.'  
`I guess I'm taking it over. She is after all dead.'  
Victor was quiet for a long time. `Why do I feel that you are not telling me everything?'  
`Because I'm not. I'm not ready for you to know everything so please don't tell Gorham about me.'  
`If you love him don't hide things from him. He will eventually find out about everything.' No reply from Sidney. `He will find out one way or the other that you are a wizard.'  
`I'm not a wizard anymore.'  
`You may not have your powers but you still have all that knowledge and the blood runs through you. It is only a matter of time before you finally renew your powers and it will not make a difference that you lost them for some time.'  
`What are you talking about?'  
He thought of how much to tell her. `You didn't ask how I know Gorham.'  
`I figured you'd tell me if you liked to.'  
`I was sent here almost six years ago by Henry...’ `Henry Clay?' she asked her voice full of surprise.  
`Yes,' he watched her. `He knew Diane and, I was sent over here to watch over her.'  `You failed. She's dead.'  
`No, I didn't fail. Anyway, I was to take her daughter out before anything would happen to her. Now she is being trained by Madison.'  
`Why is Wendy being trained by Madison?'  
`Did Gorham tell you about her?'  
`No. I'm just very well informed.'  
`I don't know if I should continue telling you what is going on.'  
`Come on,' she pleaded. `What's the worst that could happen?'  
`Fine but I will not mention the finer details. Wendy is being trained by Madison and as you already know, mother will try to kill her when she is done teaching her.'  
`How can Henry put her in that situation?'  
`He believes that Wendy will be able to kill her.'  
`Madison is a full pledged wizard and even though Wendy is from the Izanami clan she couldn't possibly do it alone...' suddenly something dawned on her. `Why is she training with Madison in the first place?'  
Victor smiled. `I'm not going there.' They were quiet as a group of people passed them.  
`How can you start telling me something like that then leave it halfway?'  
`If you want to know the whole story, ask Gorham.'  
`Are you kidding? Now that he knows that I am hiding a lot from him he will want to trade information or better yet hold it over my head.'  
`How does he put up with you?' They thought for awhile and they both started laughing. None of them could come up with something to explain that strange phenomenon. By the time they were walking back into the shop, they were sure they had covered the whole seven years that they hadn't seen each other.  
Victor left her there but didn't go directly to Gorham's castle. He walked around as he thought about what Sidney was doing. He knew she was never going to tell Gorham the truth about her and it was up to him to do that for her. But did he have the right to step in? What if Gorham didn't understand? He could ruin his sister's happiness because he thought that telling the truth would be better that letting fate take over.  
It was his duty to Gorham to tell him the truth. It would be good preparing him of what would happen when Madison died. Sidney's world on this side would come tumbling down before her very eyes. He wondered though how it was that she got pregnant. But he had a theory about that. When Sidney lost her powers all the inhibitions went away with them but she might lose...  
Someone interrupted his thoughts. He looked around at the person tapping his shoulders. It was one of the royal guards. He seemed familiar but he wasn't sure where he had seen him today.  
`His Royal Highness, King Gorham demands an audience with you.'  
`He what?' Victor didn't believe how that had come out so wrong. If he was in a better mood he would have laughed at that.  
`He would like to have a word with you, if you don't mind.' the guard rephrased his statement.  
`Where is he?' Victor asked looking around trying to locate Gorham. `I know he's here somewhere.'  
The guard looked impressed. `He's in the amour shop just around the corner.'  
Victor went to the shop where he found Gorham looking at some swords which had been laid out on the counter. He was dressed as one of the royal guards which was a fairly good disguise. King Gorham was never once expected to be wielding a weapon let alone be found shopping for it.  
`Very impressive,' Victor said after watching him for awhile. Gorham turned at him with a surprised look on his face. `What are you looking for?' He asked as he took the sword from him.  
`Who knows?' he answered full of humor.  
`What will you do if one of these days you are required to protect yourself?'  
`Why?'  
`Diane had you well protected but Alice is not like her. The security in your own castle is slacking and therefore you might have unwanted guests walk in once in a while.'  
`I can probably defend myself...'  
`Keep telling yourself that.'  
`Seriously Victor, I did learn a few things when I was younger.'  
`There's no point arguing with a King,' he paused then put the sword back down. `But unlike your guards, I still have to obey my queen and she said that you should be safe.'  
`Diane is alive?' Gorham's heart skipped a beat. Victor stared at him. `No, but she never wanted you to come to any harm and that is why I am obligated to warn you about Sidney.'  
Gorham knew something shocking was about to come next and so he dismissed the other guard who was next to him and turned expectantly.  
`Your Highness, there is no doubt that she loves you. I want you to know that before I say something else.'  `Okay.'  
`Sidney is my sister!' He watched the shock register in Gorham's face. `Yes, she is a wizard.'  `Oh my!' Gorham supported himself on the counter and didn't look at Victor.  
`She's actually my half-sister and she's not a full wizard though.'  
`What do you mean by that?'  
`I mean that she doesn't have her powers and therefore she also doesn't have the rest of the things that come along with the powers.' He saw that Gorham was confused. `It means that she isn't with you because she wants something from you but because she is genuinely in love with you.'  `You said that she doesn't have any powers?'  
`Yes.'  
`What is she then?'  
`Our mother took her powers before she was going to kill her.' Again the shock. `But with a little bit of help, I managed to save her but we couldn't do anything about her powers. Without that she was defenseless and that is why again with a bit of help she was brought back to your world where she would be safe from my mother.  
My mother couldn't follow her here since she is a powerful wizard and the minute she put a step on the ground, the Izanami clan will know and they hunt her down.'  
`But Sidney is also a wizard how would she be safe where the Izanami clan was.'  
`She didn't have her powers and powers are what connect the Izanami to the wizards. That was why it was possible for Wendy to be born because technically, Diane was a `half-wizard'.'  
`She was?'  
`Yes.' Victor walked around to a shelf which had an array of arrows. `The weapon that killed her can only be controlled by the wizard half of her bloodline. Wizards have to take a history class with their training and in that class I was taught where the weapon came from.' Gorham had heard the story from Sidney but she might have altered some part of it to suit her and so he listened. `There was a king called Izanami who was to be the father of the Izanami clan. He was a powerful king but like all powerful kings, he had one powerful enemy,' Victor turned to face Gorham. `His brother was his enemy. His name was Cognoscenti.' He saw Gorham raise his eyebrows questioningly but he didn't ask any question and so he continued. `The name means `authority' unlike Izanami which means `god' or immortality. They were not always enemies but after they fell in love with the same woman...' He sighed. `Fate can be cruel at times.  
Anyway, they both fell in love with the same woman called Jansenist meaning `mortal, soul, or advocate' depending on how you look at her. She was said to be Izanami's mortality, the soul to Cognoscenti and the people's advocate. Regardless of everything that she represented, she couldn't help it that two brother’s fell in love with her. She chose Izanami although she was initially with Cognoscenti. No wonder he was mad.  
Cognoscenti swore the day they were wed that he would never rest until he destroyed her. Note, not the brother but Jansenist who had betrayed him. Time passed and other people's lives went on but Cognoscenti was always watching Jansenist and he was the first to notice that she wasn't aging. He was the one who made the formal accusation that Jansenist was a wizard. Of course living with a code of honor, she never lied about who she was. She was tried by her own husband and found guilty. They sentenced her to death but who knew how to kill a wizard who was as powerful as she was. They tried everything but she just wouldn't die.  
Finally when they gave up she asked to be allowed to speak. She went up to the council at the time and told them that the only person who would be able to kill her was her husband because since they were married legally, he had some of her power and would be able to kill her. Note that they didn't understand what the term legally meant for a wizard.'  
`What does it mean?'  
Victor smiled, `It means that there was no sorcery or spell used to make the partner fall in love and that the wizard was also genuinely in love with his or her partner. And so when you are legally wed for a wizard, you share half of each other. Back to the story, Izanami had no choice but to try to kill her after all that was what the law claimed to be right. He wielded his sword and walked towards her. When he held the sword up about to strike, it changed right before their very eyes into the weapon you see today and thus Jansenist was killed by Izanami by the hand of Cognoscenti. She was the first of many to die under the Izanami Clan.' He paused. `It's a great story!'  
Gorham was quiet for awhile wondering how he was going to bring up the necklace he had given Sidney. `What about the Ikhnaton stone?'  
`How'd you know about that?' but before Gorham answered he said, `Sidney told you.'  
`I want to hear it from you.'  
Victor shrugged. `The stone was made specifically for Jansenist by Izanami and it is said that she turned it into a necklace. The reason, to wear it wherever she went. But the stone disappeared right after she was killed.'  
`What if it didn't disappear?'  
`Then whoever took it would have the most powerful artifact there is in this world.'  `Elaborate please.'  
`As far as legend is concerned, it is written that the stone was not as ordinary as it seemed and that was why Izanami had given it to her. The brother Cognoscenti convinced his elder brother that that would make the perfect wedding present. Then he was the one who went to Jansenist and also convinced her to turn it into a necklace.'  
`I thought he swore that he would destroy her? Why would they listen to her after all that?'  
`Neither Jansenist nor Cognoscenti told Izanami about the affair that they had. To Izanami, his brother was doing the best job being just his brother and to Jansenist, she thought that he had changed or didn't bare bad feelings. Either way Cognoscenti had a gift of manipulating people to do his will. That was probably why he was called authority. It seemed that he was the one ruling though his brother was the face of leadership.'  
`Okay, back to the necklace then.'  
`The stone was said to be from a valley of the fallen tears. And the stones collected there would usually be used to trap spirits. And it is said that Cognoscenti manipulated them both in order to have the spirit transferred from Jansenist when she died.'  
`So, whoever wears the necklace is possessed by Jansenist's spirit?'  
`That's not how it works. Spirits can only influence people's thoughts and decisions but this one is different. It obviously had some Jansenist's spirit which would make it a very powerful artifact to possess but there is the part in the rumor where all three of them are normally reincarnated. Unfortunately if it was possible for the reincarnation of Jansenist that means that Cognoscenti failed in some form or another in the transfer of the spirit. So if an ordinary person would put on the necklace they would die within a few days because of the powers within the necklace.'  
`What about a not so normal person?'  
`Are these questions going anywhere specifically?'  
`Just answer the questions.'  
`Fine. A not so normal person would die within a few months. That is people as powerful as you. Wizards would last a couple of years. But then when the necklace came back to the reincarnation of Jansenist, only the reincarnation of Izanami could put it on her or remove it from her.'  
Gorham whirled around and grabbed the counter. `I- don't believe this. I can't be the reincarnation of Izanami!'  
`Why would you think that?'  
Gorham looked at him strangely. `Because I know for sure that Sidney is Jansenist.'  `My sister Sidney?'  
`Yes.'  
Victor decided not to try arguing with Gorham. He was probably losing his mind. He thought that reasoning with him was the only way. So he asked calmly, `Why would you think that Sidney is the reincarnation of Jansenist?'  
By the time that Gorham was done explaining, he had Victor convinced. They sat in silence as the news sank in deeper by they still couldn't believe it though they could see it plainly in black and white.  
Finally it was Victor who saw how to approach the problem. `Gorham, do you love Sidney?'  `Of course I do.'  
`That has no reason whatsoever that she is supposed to represent Jansenist in this life?'  `Of course not.'  
`What about the fact that she is partly a wizard?'  
`I don't see how that changes anything. She is still Sidney.'  
`Then I should suggest that you act as if this conversation never took place.'  
`The necklace. I'll remove it. Maybe she is being possessed by the spirit.'  
`No, it is safer to leave the necklace on her. It is the only thing that can protect her from 
Cognoscenti. If she is Jansenist and you are Izanami then Cognoscenti is not far away.'  `Actually,' Gorham felt sick. `I think that Nathan is Cognoscenti!'  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
`If you were to ask my opinion, I would tell you that you were in a bit of trouble,' Victor said shaking his head slowly. He suspiciously eyed Gorham wondering what he would do with all the information that he had. They hadn't even started talking about Wendy but the king looked exhausted. Then the door to the office where they were opened and Sidney put her head in then her body slid past the narrow passage way. She walked over to them.  
`I didn't know if you didn't want to be disturbed but I came to inform you that dinner is ready and if you two gentlemen didn't mind joining me...' She tilted her head and waited expectantly.  
`We wouldn't mind,' Victor said getting up.  
`You still had news to give me?' Gorham raised his eyebrow.  
`I'm sure the news can wait until tomorrow or at least after dinner,' He turned and looked at Sidney. `Besides, I wouldn't want to miss an opportunity to dine with a beautiful lady.'  
Sidney smiled at Gorham slightly embarrassed. `Well then, I think I will join you, but in a minute.'  
`Good!' She went round and kissed his cheek and then went back and walked out with Victor. He was still disguised as the messenger which made people wonder what message would have granted him the opportunity to dine with the king and talk in private with him. Sooner or later they would know that Alice didn't send anyone to Gorham but for now, he would enjoy whatever came to him. He was therefore surprised when Sidney started to whisper harshly to him. `What do you think you are doing?'  
`What?'  
`Talking like that about me in front of Gorham.'  
`If you aren't going to tell him that I'm your brother then the only explanation that could explain us knowing each other is that we have lovers before.'  
`He wouldn't believe you, would he?'  
`Probably why he can't let us have dinner alone. He wants to chaperone.'  
`Stop it either way. I have enough problems as it were.'  
They got to the dining room and after they were left alone, Victor asked, `What problems are those?'  
`Remember James?'  
`Young Petersen?'  
`That's the one. He's here.'  
`What do you mean by he's here?'  
`I saw him in town about a day ago.'  
Victor was thoughtful for a moment. `That's why you didn't want to be followed around by a guard?' Sidney eyed him as if he should have known. `I don't get why you have to hide things from him. He's the most understanding person around.'  
`It may seem so simple to somebody who is out of this relationship but it's very difficult without my powers. I don't know what he thinks!'  
`You have never been able to read minds!'  
`I know but having powers always made things seem easier.'  
`You didn't have your powers but James Petersen follows you around like a lovesick puppy.'  
`James was different. He was just a commoner while Gorham is the king.'  
`Oh! I see what's happening here.' He chuckled. `You are intimidated by him!'  
`I am not.' Her eyes were wide open in protest. Gorham chose that moment to walk in. He went to his seat and Victor, in respect, stood up before him. Victor mouthed something at Sidney. 
`I'm not.'  
`You're not what?' Gorham asked.  
`Mm nothing,' she looked down at her plate.  
`You know what Gorham,' Victor started. `I think I know what the problem you two are having.'  
`And what would that be?' Even Sidney looked at him. He was his younger brother but he was a wise younger brother who knew Gorham even better than probably her. She listened attentively.  
`Your relationship with Diane was what the rest of us called perfect!' everyone waited patiently for him to continue. `You didn't have a problem about getting to know each other because you had known her for so long and you knew her bad habits and her temperament.'  
`The point being?' Gorham asked getting a bit impatient and uncomfortable that Victor was telling Sidney all this. He knew for certain that their relationship was anything but perfect and he didn't want Sidney to set the goal at something that was impossible to achieve.  
`Hold on, he'll get there.' Sidney's voice sounded eager.  
They looked at each other in a moment of silence. Whatever went on between them Victor couldn't tell but it appeared as though Gorham was losing. He decided to continue. `You knew her and she knew you. Even when she set you up and almost got herself killed you understood and didn't hold it upon her head.' They were both looking at him like he should get right to the point and stop meandering all over. `The point comes along with this question. How many days have you spent together alone all day without any interruption? And I'm not talking about being in bed.'  
`Um...' they were both mumbling as they looked at each other questioningly. Gorham took the initiative, `We are both busy.'  
`Never stopped you with Diane.'  
`Really?' Sidney turned accusingly at Gorham.  
`And you,' Victor pointed at Sidney. `Stop being such a coward and tell him what you feel. He is just a man, believe me, I know.' Sidney was lost for words. Victor stood up without ever touching his food. `I think the bonding time should begin at this very minute.' He left.  ~~~~~~~~~~~ 
 
It took a long time for either to find the courage to break the awkward silence that had developed. They would glance up at one another and look back down in guilt. If Victor was meaning to break them up then he might have just succeeded.  
`Are you afraid of me?' Gorham asked his voice cutting through the silence that was hanging over them.  
`No,' again the silence then she mumbled, `maybe a little intimidated.'  
	`Why would you be?'  	 
`You are a king who is valued by his people. For some reason I think that maybe I'm not good enough for you. For heaven’s sake you used to go out with a person who is on the same level as you.'  
`Again with Diane...'  
`Yes, again with Diane because you know what?' But didn't wait for Gorham to open his mouth. `Because it's not just Victor who thinks that the two of you had the perfect relationship. The whole city seems to think so and I am let to fill some very huge shoes.'  
`I'm sorry you feel like that.'  
`Well I'm not sorry I feel like that. I'm just sorry that I don't seem to make you happy.'  `I'm happy.'  
`I don't see it.'  
Gorham wished that she could read his mind at that very moment and see for sure what was going on. `I am happy. But I am always filled with worry about what is happening in your life that you don't tell me. Every evening that I see you come back to the castle and you are fine, I rejoice. Every morning when you go to work, I ask myself if I will see you again, if I will hold you in my arm and I wonder if I have ever been so afraid to lose someone as I have been of losing you! I don't think I can find the right words to put my thoughts into and present to you.'  
He could see very well that he touched something in her but the way she was always stubborn wasn't going to allow herself to admit it. He therefore wasn't surprised when she asked him if he was ever afraid of losing Diane. `To be honest,' he thought about it, `No,' he said finally.  
`No? You were never afraid of losing her?'  
`Still the answer is no.'  
`Does that mean that you don't think that I love you enough?'  
`No,' she waited for him to elaborate. `I did lose Diane when she married Eric. Not that she didn't love me or that she fell in love with Eric but circumstances. When we started going out I couldn't have been sure what you felt but every time we would be meet up, something would flash before your eyes even you didn't even know it but I would know that you love me.' She didn't seem to believe it but he ignored that. At least he was getting it off his chest. `What I'm afraid of is circumstances. You see, every time you keep something from me and I find out from someone else, I 
keep wondering what the next thing that you will not tell me will take you out of my life.' He paused as he searched for the right words. `I have lived twenty-three years in regret because of circumstance. Maybe I'm afraid because I have gone through it before or maybe I just don't think that I can go another twenty-three knowing that I let you slip away from me.'  
After sometime she looked up at him and had tears in her eyes. She smiled at him, `Yes.'  `Yes I can go on living that long?'  
`No,' she chuckled, `Yes, I will marry you.'  
`You will?' She nodded excitedly. How Gorham got up from his chair to go and hug her, she didn't know. She was caught in a bear hug and was being twirled around. When the door opened, Gorham said to whoever it was, `She accepted my proposal.' He still had his eyes on her. `This calls for a celebration.'  
`What kind?' But she need not have asked. The lanterns in the room were suddenly ablaze and she could here water rushing into the room. She did not know where it came from but it was a lot. It went under their feet then she could feel themselves rising up. `Gorham?'  
`Don't worry, it's just like floating.' He took her hand and started to move her around. `Put your faith in me. I wouldn't let you fall.' More confidently she followed him. With every step that they took, a new clear surface formed apparently from water as the last one disengaged. They danced around as if in a trance and when they were done they came down slowly. Suddenly there was applauding in the room from several people. They looked around and it was like the whole castle had convened in the room. There were a lot of congratulations and as soon as he could get away, Gorham slipped out and went to his office. As happy as he was he couldn't bear to see from the way the others looked at him that they were thinking, `Finally he is getting married!'  
`Congratulations! News travels like wild fire in this place.'  
`Victor. I thought you were gone after almost wrecking everything.'  
`But I didn't wreck anything. I know you and I certainly know my sister whether she is being possessed or not. Both of you just needed a little nudge.' Gorham couldn't believe that he was having this conversation from someone who at one time he was jealous of. `I'm a genius, right?'  
Gorham shook his head and sighed deeply. `I guess you really are related to Sidney after all.'  `Why?'  
`You use the same phrase when you are bragging.' Gorham went to his seat. `Why did you help me out anyway? I thought wizards were selfish and never do anything good unless it benefits them.'  
`That is overrated. Everybody who does something good can't help but think about how it might affect their life one way or the other. It's just that wizards have the nerve to admit it.'  
`What is it that you are going to benefit from this?'  
`I get to be a friend to the king and not to mention brother-in-law to you. Also someone else becomes responsible for my sister's happiness and another two reasons that you will help me with when I need it.'  
`Any warnings what those might be?'  
He could see Victor debating whether to tell him or not. `I think I may have fallen in love with Wendy.'  
`You think...' The former was taken by surprise.  
`I've never liked anyone as much as I like her and maybe I'm just infatuated with her and it will pass.'  
`But you don't think so.'  
`Pretty much.'  
`So why would you need my help when obviously you have the answers to all the problems?'  `Other people's problems.'  
`Okay,' Gorham leaned in. `What would you like me do?'  
`I may need you to talk to Henry for me.'  
`Henry, Wendy's father?' Victor didn't agree to the question nor deny it. `He's a wizard. 
What makes you think he would listen to me even if I were to talk to him?'  
`Because Diane's heart had always belonged to you and he knows it.'  
Gorham didn't buy that. If he could remember correctly then Diane's answer to another similar question had been that it was complicated. `Why would Henry be opposed to you?'  `He's not.'  `But?'  
`But,' Victor was defeated and the answer now just came tumbling out of his mouth. `I made a deal with him a long time ago and because of that, I had even closed the line when I kissed Wendy. 
I know she like me back and I would never force her into anything.'  
`You are forgetting that I was there the first day she laid eyes on you, but I am not to encourage you go after something that is not right. At least the time is not right. Henry might be protecting his daughter and he may very well be protecting you too.'  
`I don't see how.'  
`You said that she was in training?'  
`Yes, she was taken to Madison's Island for training.' Gorham needed him to explain. `It is some sort of a school for wizards where she is being taught how to muster her powers.'  `Well, Victor, have you ever asked yourself what future queens go through?'  
`Training, I suppose.'  
Gorham exhaled deeply. `They are to be trained from childhood how to muster their powers, as you call it. Note that Wendy started her training months ago and she is expected to be ready in a few more months. She is supposed to accomplish so much within so little time.  
Not to mention that she has to muster the Izanami spirits within her as well as the wizard 
spirits.'  
`What if she can handle everything? I've seen her and I know she can.'  
`Do you want her to bear such a burden? To juggle her wizard training, Izanami training, queen's training as well as a relationship not forgetting that she has to decide if this is her world or where you took her?'  
`When you put it like that...'  
`Exactly. Henry may be doing what he thinks is best to lighten the load on her. It wouldn't hurt if you did the same.'  
`How? I was supposed to train her but I messed that up when Diane told me I had to kiss her.'  
`Not necessarily. Diane was a wise woman, even though it hurts me to admit it. She probably knew Henry had a plan B on how to train Wendy and she needed something from you that only you could give with the right emotional attachment. She needed somebody to have faith in her.'  
`Henry thinks she will become powerful enough to kill Madison.'  
`I take it Madison is very powerful?'  
`Yes.'  
`And who cares about this training anyway? You will take care of her if any harm was to head her way?' The answer was in Victor's eyes though he didn't say it. `Diane wanted somebody like that around her daughter. Someone who won't push until she cracks just like the queens were there for their daughters. Do you understand?'  
`It is annoying when you are right.'  
`I am in this throne because I am the voice of reason.'  
Victor narrowed his eyes at him. `I think a lot of Sidney's traits are rubbing off on you.'  `Bragging?'  
`How'd you guess?'  
`Because I see the same thing every time I meet with you!'  
~~~~~~~~~~  
News indeed traveled very fast in the city but Gorham and Sidney had disappeared and no one seemed to know where they were. There was no trace of them anywhere around the castle. They sent word privately to Alice's castle. Half an hour later, it was Jared who was ridding furiously into the castle. He stormed in demanding to know the guards who were supposed to be keeping an eye on the king.  
`How dare you send word that you have lost the king?' he shouted. `I have been guarding him for almost three years and not once had he ever slipped under my fingers. What the hell were you people doing?'  
One of the guards who had a bit of courage in him spoke up, `We are afraid that something terrible might have happened to him?'  
`Terrible? Terrible won't be enough a word to describe what you are going to go through after this. I don't want your theories I want information on where he might be.'  
The same guard earlier spoke again. `Miss Sidney has also disappeared along with him.'  
`Why didn't you start with that?' Jared felt like slapping him in the head. This cleared up a lot. Gorham just wanted a bit of privacy with Sidney after she had accepted his proposal.  
`But they are not anywhere in the castle and they weren't seen going out.'  
There goes his hope. `Have you questioned everybody in the castle?'  `Yes sir.'  
`And you are sure that it was everyone?'  
`No,' the guard looked panicky for the first time. `I don't remember seeing the messenger you sent within the castle this morning.'  
`I don't send messengers here. I come by myself.'  
`He said that he came from the castle...'  
`Do you let everyone who says that into the castle?' he was almost shouting again and tried very hard to bring himself under control. Being in power was frustrating and he was experiencing it firsthand.  
`Tell them that the security is slacking.' A voice came from behind the formation in front of Jared. Then a figure was walking round them towards him, `Remember me?' he asked.  
Oh! Did he remember! `Victor? What are you doing here?' They embraced and patted each other like old friends which they probably were if you looked at it from some angle.  
`Probably picking up the slack that you leave behind.'  
Jared laughed at that. `No seriously, I thought I would never see you again.'  
`And I thought you would stay a bachelor forever!'  
`Stranger things have happened. You and I know that.'  
`Indeed,' remembering how he was always beating Jared in the training field.  
`Given that you are here, I take it you know where the king is?'  
`Of course.' Everybody was listening to them. `He asked me to smuggle him out of the castle to spend some time in privacy with Sidney.'  
`And you did this because?'  
`He ordered me to.'  
`But you are here. Who is protecting them?'  
`Jared, you of all people know that I don't have to be close to protect them and so everybody wins.'  
`Everybody wins eh? I suppose I shouldn't send out a search party?'  
`Completely unnecessary. For one thing they won't find them and the other, they'll be back before the festival starts.'  
`I know I'm not supposed to trust you but why do I find it hard to not do that?'  
`Because you know me and you know that I'm a man of my word.'  
The silence in the room was deafening. Finally Jared said, `Okay Victor, I trust you.'  
`I'm glad some things never change.'  
`And never will, but I want to win back my wager that I can still beat you.'  
~~~~~~~~~~~~  
`Hold it there, perfect. Now place it slowly down. You are doing it too fast. Slowly, slowly.' A breeze blew through the trees. The voices were quiet then there was a disappointed sigh. `Ah.'  
A woman's laughed cut through the forest. `If I knew spending the day with you would be so torturous, I wouldn't have signed up for this.'  
`I'm just trying to maximize the use of the time that we have.'  
`Laying out a mat with such precision?'  
`You have a better idea?'  
`Yes, I do. First we have to sit down. And then we can talk.' Past the undergrowth that surrounded the clear patch next to the pond where Sidney had chosen that they set up the picnic area, Gorham was seated on the ground and was watching Sidney who had on a floral dress and her hair was tied away from her face. She looked beautiful with the rays of sun gently touching her skin and seemed to make her glow. Gorham was not trying to lay out the mat in the perfect position but just liked the way she was trying to do it just right. The way he wanted it.  
`Talk about what?'  
`I don't know. You are the one who always wants to know something about me.'  
`Okay then, tell me about your family. Were your parents ever anything close to being merchants?'  
`No,' she turned to look at the pond. `You already know Victor is my brother, more like half-brother but we are related which you should already presume that my parents were anything but merchants.'  
`So tell me.'  
`I- I was not born in your world but had to come here because of circumstances. I grew up in another world thinking that my mother loved me and she did until some point when she thought of me as an enemy. And I thought that my father had abandoned me like every other wizard father I had heard information of. This was also probably true like everything else.'  
`Why did your mother think that you were her enemy?'  
`Prophecies.' She shrugged like it was no big deal but she went on explaining anyway. `Mother is obsessed with eternity. She wants to live forever even though she has seen everything that she could ever want to see and everything she does is to make that a surety. So she consorts with seers and witchcraft to enable her get her means.'  
`There are seers who still existing?'  
`Not in this world but in the other. With the right sort of help from a wizard, the ones on the other side can see clearly what's to come but they don't get to live long enough to even say what they saw. That is why my mother, went to witchcraft and with that she found out eventually what was coming. You see,' Sidney turned to look at him. `The future changes with every decision that we make but we don't know which ones will change it or even make it come to what it is.'  
`What are you saying?'  
`My mother saw her children as being threats and when she started seeing us as that something changed the future. She found out that she would die facing one of her female descendants. You can imagine how panicked she was knowing how many children she had and how many grandchildren she had.  
She started hunting them down one by one but she not only was killing them, but taking their powers and their youth. Just like she had done with countless others before.' Sidney looked across the pool.  
`That's how you lost your powers?'  
`Victor and I were the last ones to remain but seeing that I was a female, my chances got slim. As long as Victor remained childless then he was safe. I didn't believe that though and my mother knew of my attachment to Victor and so she put him as bait and set up this island where she lured Victor with the intent of training him. Of course I got wind of this and tried to rescue him but I was caught.'  
`Victor fell into her trap? I always thought that he was wise enough to see a trap before him.'  
`He was not always wise. It was just when he started being trained by Henry that he started seeing things in a new light. Anyway, Victor saw what mess he had put me in and knowing that I was his last remaining sibling alive, he did the only thing that he knew he could do. He went to Henry for my sake and made a deal with him.'  
`What was the deal?'  
Sidney looked away. `He pledge his allegiance to him.'  
`Why would Henry want Victor's allegiance?'  
`Within the circles of the wizard community, survival is the key element to any of them. It is within this circle that you see families sticking together but ours had already fallen apart. By giving 
Henry his loyalty he ensured his own survival and mine in one stroke.'  
`But that doesn't answer why he wanted Victor's allegiance.'  
`Victor was from one of the most powerful families of the wizard community. By just knowing that he was Madison's son...'  
`Madison?'  
`Yes, my mother name.'  
`Wendy was sent to Madison's Island for training.'  
`My mother's front for her crimes.'  
`Victor said that Henry sent her there to finish her training and after that kill Madison.'  
`But I don't understand. Wendy might be the last of the Izanami but that doesn't mean that she can kill Madison. I tried for heaven’s sake and failed.'  
`Wendy is Henry's daughter as well as Diane.'  
Sidney's jaw dropped. `How was that possible?'  
`I remember Victor telling me that the connection between wizards and the Izanami was that they shared the some part of their powers maybe that was why it was possible.'  
`That would explain a lot. The Izanami and the wizards had always hated each other and no one ever considered a union between the two. For Henry to make that bold move was very daring.'  
`You think he knew what he was getting into when he met with Diane?'  
`Probably. Henry doesn't do things like that without thinking. There was a reason why Victor chose to join him instead of any other person. He was the closest person to Madison and knew of her plans very well. Some people think he had even shared some practices with Madison. Practices such as the witchcraft. He probably knew his future just like Madison.'  
`Then he knew all along that he would meet with Diane?'  
Sidney looked closely at him, `Maybe not. When one sees the future, they only get a glimpse of it. Whatever he saw may have been about Diane, Wendy, Madison or even himself. There is nothing about the future that is planned. Look at my mother who because of her fears, the future changed for her.' Gorham looked away in guilt. `You don't want to accept that he might have loved Diane really for who she was rather than the child they may bear together?'  
`I just don't think that he loved her.'  
`Because you don't think that wizards can really love.'  
`Not Henry.'  
Sidney was quiet for a long time. `I've met Henry and he is not a bad person.'  
`But your brother thinks so.'  
`Did he say that or did he say they don't agree on some things?' Gorham didn't answer. `Let it come from me then, if it will even change the way that you think. Henry always thought about how to survive and there is no doubt that he was in league with Madison just so that he may learn from her and pick up a few things to go along with it. It is what I would have done in his shoes.'  
`But forcing Victor in his alliance?'  
`Victor wasn't forced in anything and there was no ultimatum placed on anyone. Henry was going to help either way. He wants Madison dead and every wizard knows that. The only thing they don't know is how he plans to achieve that.'  
`Then Madison knows that and knows that Wendy is probably there to kill her.'  
`You are forgetting that Henry also saw the future. It is a sure thing that Madison is going to 
die.'  
`The prophecy said she would die in front of her female descendant. Is Wendy in anyway related to Madison?'  
`I don't think so. Madison kept tabs on her every child. There is no way that she would let something like this slip under her fingers.'  
`That leaves you.'  
`Yes.'  
`But you don't have your powers, how can you kill her?'  
`I can't. I thought I already told you that I had tried once before and failed.' She stood up suddenly and seemed annoyed. She walked away from Gorham and stopped a short way before him. She turned. `If the prophecy said that she would die in my hands that would have happened before but it didn't. I'm not the one powerful enough to stop her. Certainly not now.'  
`What about the necklace?'  `What necklace?' confused.  
`The Ikhnaton stone.'  
`So you know about that too,' she barely whispered. Gorham gave her a chance to say the truth. `I suppose that you somehow got Victor to tell you the truth about that?'  `He told me.'  
`The necklace only comes alive when I'm around you or around Cognoscenti.'  
`Nathan!'  
`And you know that too.' Gorham didn't answer. `You should know that the necklace has nothing to do with who I am.'  
`I don't know. You said that you felt complete when you put on the necklace. Maybe you are being possessed.'  
Sidney smiled. `I said I felt complete because of the powers it has and nothing more.' She suddenly turned very serious. `How much more do you want to know?'  
`I still have a few more things that you need to clear up.' He glanced at the picnic basket. `Do you mind joining me?'  ~~~~~~~~~~  
`Where are they? The festival is about to begin,' Jared was saying. He had trusted Victor but if Gorham didn't turn up soon then he will be forced to make the unfortunate announcement. The cancellation of the festival in light of the disappearance of the king. Then he saw somebody running towards him from the castle. `What is it?'  
`The king is asking to speak with you.'  
`But he isn't here.'  
`He's in his office with the gentleman you called Victor.'  
Jared smiled at that. How had he managed it? He walked back to the castle. Sure enough he found Gorham sitting there looking over some documents and Victor was sitting across from him. `How did you do that?' he asked  
Gorham gave him a strange look. `You of all people know that Victor is a wizard and back to business. I assume you have already checked the security of the royals?'  
`Everything has been arranged and I assure you that there should be no problem whatsoever.'  
`What about the delegates that are in the city, how many of them are going to join us in this celebration?'  
`Ten of them. The others are on diplomatic assignments and cannot afford to miss the opportunity will celebrating.'  
`What was Nathan doing if he didn't inform them of the importance of this festival to the people?'  
`I don't know what goes on in his mind but he is also going to join us but it will be later when he is done with signing the Carter treaty.' Gorham shook his head in disbelief. Maybe going away wasn't such a good idea but it did provide him with a lot of insight. `I wanted to inquire how Miss Storm will be traveling, sir.'  
`Why?'  
`She is now engaged to you and the plans we had earlier on were that she travels there before you.'  
`What changes?'  
`She will come after you and join you in the podium before the festival officially begins.'  `I don't get it.'  
`You are the one supposed to welcome her to the podium as a sign of her significance to you.'  
`Surely all this is unnecessary.'  
`On the contrary sir, it is significant to the people. And those are your subjects.'  
`Okay fine. Be done with it.' He turned to Victor. `You never told me why you came back exactly and I fear that you are almost going away.'  
Jared knew that Gorham was done with him therefore he just left. `You are worried about 
Wendy?'  
`Your idea of getting to really talk with Sidney paid off and yes, I am worried about her.'  
`She will be fine. Henry has people already planted within Madison's rank that are there in case Wendy might need help. He's keeping a close watch over her.'  
`How does Henry plan on using Wendy?'  
`Using her? Where did you get that idea?'  
`He knows what is going to happen in the future.'  
`He has never told me about that.'  
`But he used to be close to Madison. What if he is working with her?'  
`Okay, I think that your brain is working overtime.'  
`For Madison to die, Sidney had to be there.'  
`We are trying our best not to involve her in any of this. She has no powers, no nothing to protect her. That is why Henry brought her here where she could be safe.'  
`What about now that Diane is dead, how can she be safe?'  
`I keep track of Madison. The minute that she will transport herself here, I'll be right behind her.'  
`Why does Henry want Madison dead? He wouldn't have been doing this if he had nothing to gain.'  
`I don't know his reasons but he probably knows that Madison will turn against him sooner or later. They know each other too well I'm afraid and could always anticipate what the other is going to do. That is the real reason why he is not training Wendy himself. Madison would have seen right through her intentions if he did.'  
`So you are agreeing that he had every intention of sending Wendy to face Madison whether or not you crossed the line.'  
`I'm not saying that. I am just making assumptions.'  
`Then let me tell you something. Whatever assumptions that you just made, you have to confirm that they are not true. If they are then you have to assume that Wendy is in danger.'  
Victor stood up. He didn't seem pleased with what Gorham had just said that but he knew part of it was always true. He had asked himself why Henry had been so quick to send Wendy to Madison's Island but never really thought about it like that. `I've informed you about what I know and what Henry is planning and I think that I should start making my plans to go home.' He went away.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Drum beats were everywhere as was singing and dancing. Laughter erupted from the crowd and as Gorham watched from where he was sitting, he knew denying them a reason to celebrate because he himself had been in grief had been wrong. And as this was the thanksgiving festival, everyone had a reason to celebrate. He looked around again and saw Jared arguing with another guard then he dispersed them. He turned and headed to Gorham's direction. Immediately he could sense that something was terribly wrong.  
`Your Highness, there is a problem,' Jared said into his ears. `Sidney has just been abducted.'  
Gorham felt his head go down into his hands. `Is she fine?'  
`According to the two survivors, they took her alive. It seemed that she was the target of the ambush and they succeeded.'  
`Only two survivors?'  
`Yes. Their methods were foreign but they did succeed in their quest, assuming that Sidney was the target.'  
`How could you let this happen?'  
`Sir, we had no idea of any attack planned and we thought that we had the highest confidentiality on which carriage was which...'  
`So you are telling me that they only attacked Sidney's carriage?'  
`Yes.' Gorham started standing up. `Your Majesty, you need to be seen here with the people. 
If you leave now they will know something is wrong.'  
`But something is wrong, Jared.'  
`Yes, your Majesty. I'm asking you to give us an hour and let us see how much we can come up with.'  
`Where is Victor?'  
`The last time I saw him, he was talking to Sidney at the castle.'  
`Find him and interrogate him. He has to know where she is.'  `Why would Victor do that?'  
`Just do it!' Gorham almost shouted.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Jared's suspicions about the whereabouts of Victor were right on. He was still at the castle and specifically the library. Jared walked in alone intending to catch Victor unawares.  
`Aren't you supposed to be somewhere by now?' Victor asked without even turning.  
`Gorham asked me to come ask you a few things.'  
`The way we parted ways... I didn't think he had anything more to ask.'  
`It's about Sidney.'  
Victor turned to him as he put the book back. `What about Sidney? I told him everything I knew.'  
`He wanted to know if you had any idea who would want to kidnap Sidney.'  
Victor chuckled and went back to look for a book. „Several names come to mind.'  
`Like who?'  
`Well, my mother for one. The Duke Winkina. Sisters of the hood and her ex-boyfriend, 
James Petersen. Why?'  
Jared ignored the question and asked his own. `Why would they want her?'  
`Our mother wants her in order to finish the ritual she was performing so that she dies and her youth be transferred to her. The duke of Winkina has actually ever managed to kidnap her. He would try again if situation allowed it but he's incapacitated now,' Victor gave Jared an odd look but went back to search for the book. `The sisters of the hood need her for her knowledge in stones and charmed artifacts. She did go with them once because she was curious but they were impressed by her knowledge and want her back. Her ex is simply obsessed with her.'  
`Who would want to kidnap her now?'  
`Now?' Victor asked but he was reaching for a book and didn't see Jared nod. `Now I would say that it is her ex, James.' Jared wanted to say something but he thought better of it. `She told me that he saw her in town a couple of days ago. I was supposed to take care of him but haven't gotten round to it.' He stopped what he was doing and faced Jared fully. `Why all these questions?'  
`Sidney has been kidnapped.' Jared noticed that the latter didn't react. `And Gorham has you as the first suspect.'  
`But as you can see, I haven't left the castle!'  
`You may have done this in another way.'  
`Why don't you just arrest me now?'  
Jared smiled at the attempt to provoke him. `I just want to know where she is.'  
`You are assuming that I know that which I don't.'  
`Did you assign someone to have her kidnapped so that you would have what the late queen used to call plausible deny-ability?'  
`You are still assuming that I had something to do with her kidnapping.'  
`Did you or did you not have something to do with this?'  
`No.'  
`But you know who did it.'  
`Of course now that you have told me that she has been kidnapped there is only one person I can think of who comes to my mind as the first suspect.'  
`James Petersen? Where can we find him?'  
`I have no idea.'  
`If you knew she was going to be kidnapped then shouldn't you have done something to prevent it?'  
`Curiosity.' He walked towards Jared. `Haven't you ever wondered what the extents of 
Gorham’s powers are?'  
`You're not going to reel me in this plot of yours.' He made a step back but Victor could see that he was thinking about it.  
`Love and hatred are the best motivators in the world. He'll want to rescue Sidney and have his revenge on the person who did this.'  
`I have already seen how he can have his revenge...'  
`You mean the way Eric was squashed by the walls in his cell?' He smiled mischievously. 
`That was child's play compared to what I know is hiding within him.'  
`What are you talking about?'  
`His full powers,' Victor's eyes never wavered from his counterpart before him. The decision was made and there was no turning back.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Gorham was waiting for news from Jared and when he saw the former coming his way, he shifted restlessly in his seat. He waited impatiently for Jared to tell him the news but the former didn't seem to be in a hurry to report to him. He stopped every now and then to give orders and by the time he got to Gorham, it had taken him almost five minutes. `I'm sorry your Majesty but Victor is gone and we don't have any clues as to where he might have taken Sidney.'  
`Are you sure that he was the one who took Sidney?'  
`No, but we can't explain his sudden disappearance. He may or may not be involved.'  
`And there is no trace of her?'  
`No, your Majesty. We have two dozen men scouring the site of the abductions but I have another idea...'  
`What's it?'  
`We don't know if she was kidnapped to get to you but,' he watched his boss. `It would be safer if you retreated from the crowd for the moment.'  
`The people will know that something is wrong.'  
`Better that than to lose a king. It will only be until we have a clue as to where she is.'  
Gorham seemed tired. He looked at the crowd that was rejoicing below them then sighed deeply before he got up. He followed Jared to an empty house nearby. There were guards all around it. Alert and very determined to keep their king safe and sound. After getting in he turned to Jared, 
`Now what?'  
`Sir, I know this must be very hard for you, but I have to ask you, has anybody threatened you in any way?'  
`No.'  
`And Sidney?'  
`Not that I know of.'  
Jared was quiet for awhile as if waiting for something more but when he was sure of nothing coming afterward, he said, `Is there any way that you could locate her?'  
`What do you mean?'  
`The way you found Eric in the cell.'  
`I already knew where he was. I don't know where they might have taken Sidney.'  
`It's worth a try. We will look for other ways to find her but I'm afraid we might be too late.' He saw the fear in Gorham's face and decided that was the moment to leave. He went out but didn't join any search party instead; he went to Victor who was on a horse a distance away. `Are you sure this is going to work?' he asked as they had been watching the house.  
`Positive. He is going to do something. We just have to wait patiently until he figures what it is that he can do.'  
Jared looked at Victor with uncertainty but decided to be patient and watch. It was sometime until they knew that something was definitely happening. The house appeared to be aglow but they realized that the lanterns that had been lit in the house were ablaze as the ones outside were starting to do the same.  
The fires became intense everywhere and everyone realized that something was happening. The singing and dancing stopped as people looked around worriedly. Jared and Victor were still watching the house. The former thought that his companion would be satisfied but he wasn't. He was expecting something else to happen.  
Then a fire flowed from the tiki-torches that they were carrying. And it seemed to be channeled to one central point Victor. He reacted instinctively and dodged, falling off the horse at the same time. Jared stared in shock before he decided to dismount. The other guards who were with them were also shocked. They watched as Victor evaded the fire then when it was about to hit him directly, he held up his hand and concentrated as he stopped it.  
It was a match of power and Victor seemed to be winning but the ground below him started to give way and he was sinking. Jared made his way to try and help him but Victor stopped him and turned to the fire before him.  
`Okay, you win,' he said as he held his hands up in defeat. The fire stayed where it was as the ground solidified, trapping him within it. `But I haven't taken Sidney. I have nothing to do with her kidnapping.' The fire turned into a figure, eerily similar to Gorham but that was expected since he was the one controlling it. The head turned to Jared. `I cajoled him into joining me in the deceit. It was the only way that we could get you to find her in time before anything happens to her.' The figure turned back to Victor. `I couldn't find her, how did you expect these fools to do that?' Then to their amazement the fire dispersed back to the torches that it came from but they knew it wasn't over.  
Jared went to pull Victor up from the trap that he was in. `How did you know that talking to it would help?'  
`That was his consciousness.' when he had come out he asked; `Now we have to wait.'  `Again?'  
`What's coming next is much more interesting.'  
~~~~~~~~~  
Sidney was being dragged through the forest and the twigs were scratching her bare arms. She was blind folded and therefore couldn't see exactly where she was being taken. Her hands were tied behind her back which made it impossible to be balanced and she stumbled many a time. Some rough hand was on her arm and that was what was pulling her.  
She tried to concentrate on her surrounding but fear overwhelmed every sense in her. She could only imagine the many reasons why she would be kidnapped. She had got herself in trouble again and where was Victor? She wondered. If he hadn't gotten to her by now then he must not know where she was. That thought renewed the dread that she felt already.  
Then she fell flat on her face. Instinctively she tried to reach for her abdomen forgetting that her hands were tied to her back. She tugged hard and could feel the flesh cut. The rough hand came and picked her up but before she was comfortable they were moving again. Her baby! She thought worriedly.  
She could feel the terrain changing as where she was walking was full of stones. And then they were shielded from the cold outside. She knew they must be in some kind of shelter. There were a few footsteps moving about then she was shoved down and she sat down hard on a rock. Her blindfold was removed from her face violently.  
She squinted because of the bright light then her eyes started to adjust and she could see the hazy figures. There was one in particular who was standing very close with his face watching her intently waiting for something. It took her a few more minutes to recognize her abductor.  
`James,' she cried.  
`Nice to see you too. Tell me, how was your journey,' he said with a feigned attempt at courtesy. `I hope my men treated you the way they ought to treat a royalty.' He leaned closer still to her face, `because that's what you are these days, isn't it?'  
`Why did you kidnap me?'  
`Why?' He pulled back and looked at her with disappointment. `Why do you always want to break my heart, Sidney? You know I love you, don't you?'  
`You are mad.'  
`Yes, that's true. I love you so much that it's driving me insane.' There was no response from her. `Don't you love me too?'  
`Like I told you so many times before, I don't love you.'  
James appeared thoughtful for a moment. `But you loved me before and you can love me again.'  
`No, I never loved you. You were just something to help pass time.'  
`Really?' he asked eerily calm. Sidney was suddenly more worried and she was right because when James hit her, the slap sent her flying on the ground. `You were passing time until you found a royalty, uh?' He picked her up and hit her again and watched as she tried to crawl away. Then as if realizing something that he had forgotten, he picked her up and put her to sit down. `I'm sorry, I thought- I wanted,' he stammered as his eyes seemed to beg her.  
She looked away from him. `You won't get away with this.'  
`What do you mean by that, honey?'  
`You think you can get away with kidnapping me. You are wrong. Gorham will search until the ends of the earth until he finds me.'  
`You mean the king? Well, I'm not going to keep you forever, you will come back to me because I am the one you belong to.'  
Sidney turned to him trying to decipher his intentions but couldn't, `How do you expect to do that? Keep me against my free will until I change my mind?'  
`No,' he stood up and walked a few feet in front of her then turned and faced her. `A king like him wouldn't condone having someone else’s child. So, you are going to have my child. And he is going to leave you.' He smiled as if he had solved the puzzle as to why people are prone to sleep at night instead of during the day.  
`James, let me explain this clearly to you. Gorham loves me and I love him. However you think that I'm even going to end up with you... the idea itself is appalling.'  
`What you are saying is that you will never love me?' again with the calm tone.  
Sidney should have learned from the last time but she went on defiantly, `No, I never will.'  
Jared turned to the other men who were in the room. There were four of them. He headed straight to one who was carrying a sword. `Pack up our things boys. We are leaving.' he unsheathed the sword and went back to Sidney. `Our business here is done.' He was going to strike Sidney in the neck but she shouted involuntarily.  
`Stop.' James stared at her. `You don't want to kill me.'  
James thought about it. `There's nothing I can hope for if I keep your life.' He held the sword up again.  
`I'm expecting a child, Jared.'  
`What?' the sword lowered a few inches.  
`I am pregnant,' she watched him. `I'm going to be a mother, Jared.' She could tell he was softening up. `My child is going to have your eyes and your laugh.'  
The sword lowered further but then he wielded it higher. `But it won't be mine!' He brought the sword down hard and Sidney closed her eyes knowing that this was the end. `What- how-' she heard the stammer. She opened her eyes wondering if death did come to her without pain. She instead saw a flabbergasted Jared moving slowly away from her. It took her a moment longer to realize that there was something colorless but shimmering around her. She looked at the necklace and saw it glowing.  
It wasn't supposed to do that unless she was either around Gorham or Nathan. She looked around but couldn't see anyone. She was sure though that there was someone around. James and his men started running to the cave entrance but a large fire suddenly blocked their path. It turned into a man's figure and looked around the cave. It stopped at Sidney who was still sitting on a rock. It moved suddenly to her as it left behind a wall forming of fallen rocks. James and his men were trapped along with her.  
The fire figure reformed before her and her shield disappeared. It leaned down to her and she thought she was going to burn but she didn't feel the heat. Her hands became free and she looked up in surprise at it. The figured moved a step back waiting for her to get up then held its hand out to her. She was a bit unsure but she handed it her hand. It was nothing but it felt so familiar to her. She could have sworn that she saw it smile but she was suddenly cover with fire and she didn't know what happened next except that she appeared in front of Victor, Jared and a couple of more people. A tree behind her was ablaze and there were some people running towards her and started pulling her away.  `What- how,' she pointed to the tree and then looked around in shock. Her eyes settled on Victor, `Did you have anything to do with this?'  
`No, but I'm glad you are okay.'  
Jared took over, `How are you feeling? Are you fine?' he was asking but Victor stopped him.  
`I think you should be more concerned with Gorham.'  
As if jolted from a sleep he suddenly mounted his horse and was riding towards the house. 
Sidney was worried, `What has happened to Gorham?'  
`Nothing, but I should get going. I have important business to attend to.' He started walking away.  
`Victor!' she called him back. Her voice giving away the strain of the night.  
The former went back to her and hugged her. `I really have to go. Wendy needs me back.' he whispered in her ear.  
`But I need you too.'  
`No you don't. You have someone who is more that capable of taking care of you. Be happy. That's all I ask.' He kissed her cheek and then turned to his horse. She didn't call him back. She watched in sadness as the darkness enveloped him.  
`Miss Storm,' someone called from behind. `We have to take you to safety.' She wiped the tears away and followed the guard. She was helped onto one horse and there were guards escorting her from all sides. The streets cleared as the entourage passed and the people could see that something had happened to Sidney. The guards seemed as though they were about to kill. All the people could do is step out as fast as possible. They stopped outside the house that had been aglow and guards had been guarding.  
She was helped down and as she went into the house she could feel the dread coming back. The first thing she saw was Jared kneeling over Gorham who was folded on the ground. She ran to him and touched him. His body was burning up with fever.  
`I found him like that,' Jared said. He turned to Sidney with a worried face but she was worse than he was. Tears were flowing from her eyes. Why did she let Victor go when he would have known what to do? She asked herself and in doing so she reminded herself that she was also a wizard. She knew what was wrong and she knew what to do.  
There was control in her face and she wiped the tears away. She went down on her knees and cradled Gorham's head, `Gorham listen to me,' she started. `You have to use the water element to balance out the fire. Are you listening to me?' she asked but there was no answer. She turned to Jared. `Bring me a trough of water.'  
That was quickly fetched and placed before her. `Gorham honey, you have to try.' she caressed his face but there was no reply. She watched the trough anxiously and when at last she saw a drop rise up, she almost shouted in joy. That went back down and a couple of seconds later, more drops began to rise. She was hopeful. He seemed to be getting stronger. She watched as the water flowed from the trough and was traveling towards her. It went up her clothes and appeared near her face and formed a hand over her cheek. `I love you too,' she whispered. She would have stayed like that the rest of the night but she knew the people had to be reassured. She therefore turned to Jared, `He's going to be fine.' He understood the message and went out. That was that. Someone else had to take over officiating the ceremony for today and she would do her role which was encouraging Gorham to do more.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Alice like the rest of the delegates had arrived. Nathan came a little later hoping that the festival had already begun but was disappointed. Everyone was there except the guest of honor and his future wife. By the way the guards were moving back and forth they knew there was something going on but even to their queen, their lips stayed shut. Alice had left the podium that they were sitting on to go and inquire the state of things but it seemed Jared's rule over the guards had surpassed even hers. She was kept out of the house like everyone else. Now that Jared was coming towards her she was going to give him a piece of her mind.  
`Alice,' he said into her ear. `You have to continue the festival.'  
`What's going on?'  
Jared shook his head impatiently. `Sidney says the festival must go on.'  
`What? Are you taking orders from Sidney now?'  
`Yes, Gorham is incapable of giving orders at the moment but he's already recovering.'  
Nathan heard this. `Recovering from what?'  
`It's a long story, your Majesty but for now the people need this festival. As soon as King Gorham is ready he will join you,' he left them with that. The good thing about not being royalty was that you could run away and they will not run after you. He watched from a distance as Nathan and Alice debated on what to do but eventually she stood up and officiated the festival. That was what Sidney wanted.  
No pressure Gorham, he thought but he could see the unsure faces in the crowd. They wanted to see their king. They knew, as did the dignitaries that something was wrong. They went on but not with much enthusiasm as they earlier had. Jared went back to the little house but didn't enter. Whatever was going on he suspected that went on well without any interruptions.  
It was almost one hour before Gorham walked out of the door albeit supported by Sidney. Jared went to them. `Are you sure he's fine?'  
`He insisted.'  
`I'm right here. Stop talking like that.'  
`It's not good if the people see him like this.'  
`He says he has an announcement to make.'  
`Again I'm right here.'  
They walked towards the podium. Everyone's eyes were on them. `You look better,' Jared told Sidney.  
`Thanks, the shock wore off.' she smiled. When they got to the podium it seemed that Gorham had been conserving his energy for that moment. He guided Sidney to the seat that she was supposed to occupy then took the stage. There was no need to call for attention because there was a strange silence that descended upon the crowd.  
`King and Queen, my fellow royalties, dignitaries and delegates from other colonies and my people,' he paused as if in search of the right words, `This night has been a very eventful one especially for the woman who was supposed to be honored today,' He turned and smiled at Sidney who was quite confused. `For the thanksgiving festival, I wanted to open it with giving thanks of my own and as the time has not passed yet, I wanted to tell you all about it. Miss Sidney Storm had recently accepted my proposal.'  
He could see the smiles of acknowledgment from the crowd. They knew that already. `But I have more news that I thought I ought to be thankful for.' Sidney shifted uncomfortably. He wasn't going to tell the public about her pregnancy. `My fiancée was kidnapped this evening,' there were gasps from the crowd. `Thankfully, the people who did it weren't as better at their operations as our security is and I want to thank Alice for the work well done.' Alice beamed but had she been paying attention to the words she would have realized that the acknowledgment wasn't addressed to her. Instead it went to Jared.  
Gorham turned back to the crowd. `I wanted your approval for the woman whom I've chosen as my wife,' he said. This was also contrary to customs as he was normally required to ask the council's approval instead of the people. The cheering started from the guards and then it filtered down to the people and just like that the whole crowd was cheering as one. Gorham turned and held out his hand to Sidney. He smiled at how he had done earlier on. She took it and went to stand next to him. The people at the front took her presence in then went down as they bowed. The next line of people did the same until everyone was down.  
Then Gorham turned and did the unthinkable. He also went down to his knees and bowed his head. `My queen,' he said. Sidney as well as the others on the podium was dumbfounded. Sidney looked around not knowing what to do. The person who might have told her was the one who was kneeling. `Gorham,' she called.  
`Yes my queen?'  
`I have no right.'  
`What is right when you are the wisest person that I've ever met. Your grasp on the issues that affect us is remarkable for someone who was only introduced to our customs the other day.' She seemed unsure. `If you are going to marry me then you will deserve the title because there is no doubt that you will influence my judgment by some things you say.'  
Sidney looked at the crowd which was still down but they were watching intently. She turned to Gorham with a decision on her face. `I will be your queen.' Gorham got up and kissed her. It was a sign for the crowd and they all got up in cheer. Of all the people, it was Alice who was the most confused. If Sidney was to be a queen then what was she?  
Gorham and Sidney went to sit down. Nathan was to Gorham's right and Alice was on Sidney's left. She felt a sort of seething in herself because even the sitting arrangement was degrading her. The festival progressed well for everyone else except for her. She looked at the two and then she noticed something. As she herself was pregnant then she could see the small changes in herself as in Sidney. Then there was something that she could do.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
The council was called up the following morning. Alice and Nathan had been summoned to join in. It was no surprise that the topic of discussion was Gorham who was conveniently absent. The council was enraged at Gorham's public defiance and to Nathan; it seemed that Alice was going to team up them. It wasn't that he wasn't with them but he did not like the manner that they were going about everything. Nobody's anger could compare with what he felt inside but he knew that Gorham had planned things ingeniously.  
If the council were to refuse to accept Sidney now, then they would lose the support of the people. But because they were so mad they were not thinking clearly. After a few people had given a suggestion and Nathan had listened to the few of them, he realized that now they were being completely irrational. It was his time now to speak. He interrupted the person who was talking.  
`There is nothing that you can do.' The whole room stared at him with shock. They had expected him to be the one to come up with the solution. Everyone in the room knew how much he was opposed to Sidney. `There is nothing that you can do because there is nothing that you can do.' Still the staring. `Gorham could foresee that you would not accept Sidney as his wife and so he went where no decision can be disputed, the public. If you do not accept Sidney now, then the people will think that you do not believe in them to make their own decisions. That will drive them further into Gorham's corner.'  
`Then what are we to do? We cannot let him get away with this!'  
`I'm afraid Gorham knows how to manipulate the crowd better than any of us. He learned from the best, after all.'  
`What are you talking about?' It was Alice who spoke.  
`I have had my eyes on Sidney trying to see if she was plotting something. My spies tell me that the reason you lost to Gorham on the issue of Wendy's parents was because Sidney talked to Gorham and forced him to see it from a different view. She works outside the castle and she mingles with people. She knows what is being said in the streets better than any of us and no one can use information better than Gorham.'  
`So you are saying that because of Sidney, Gorham has the most powerful tool against us. The people,' the head of the council suggested.  
`As much as I hate to admit it. He was right to say that she was the wisest person because she is very sly.'  
`But the only reason that she is marrying him is because she is pregnant,' Alice countered.  
`That doesn't matter as long as they are getting married. What would the council have done had the issue have come to their attention? They would have forced them to do exactly what they are doing now willingly.' He turned coldly to Alice. `I also happen to know personally that he asked her to marry him before either of them knew she was pregnant and just until the other day, she had not given him an answer.'  
`You are defending her?' Alice could not believe this.  
`I'm trying to save you from embarrassing yourself in the future.' How had he thought that she would make a good queen albeit one who is prone to be manipulated? She could not even tell that Gorham was thanking Jared instead of her during the latter's speech.  
`Does anybody know the details of Sidney's kidnapping?' They were all looking at Alice.  
She was put on a spot. `As far as I know, at the moment, Sidney was kidnapped on her way to the festival. The guards got on the trail and they rescued her and brought her back.'  
`But that was not what really happened given that Gorham was weak after that.' Nathan said.  
`That was what I was told.'  
`Then you were lied to by your own guards.'  
The head of the council turned to Nathan since they could not rely on Alice. `What did you hear?'  
`Gorham is more powerful than he pretends to be. The guards didn't have a clue as to where Sidney had been taken. It was Jared's ingenious idea to convince Gorham to try and find her like he located Eric's cell from his chambers. After that the details get unclear but they say that he rescued her on his own.'  
`How could he do that when he was in the house and never came out?'  
`You can ask him when you meet him. I hope today's business has been concluded.' He stood up without waiting for an answer and headed to the door. There was no point staying there when he could do better thinking on his own. 
 
 
 
  
CHAPTER EIGHT
   
Victor had intended to go straight to his own house after getting back but something was making him impatient to get to speak with Henry. This was completely out of character. He therefore went into the large residence knowing that Henry was still around. He saw Timothy Hayman walking around the grounds and ignored him.  
Henry was sitting in his seat in his large home office working on a laptop. He looked up expectantly and found Victor waiting by the door. `Come in.' he paused whatever he was doing and turned his attention to the latter. `I was expecting you sooner.'  
`I found Sidney in Tyrone.'  
`Your sister?' Victor nodded. `What is she doing there?'  
`You didn't know she was there?' Victor narrowed his eyes at Henry.  
The former shook his head and looked at Victor questioningly. `Are you trying to accuse me of something?'  
`Did you or didn't you know she was there?'  
`I didn't.' Victor seemed to relax a bit. `What is she doing there anyway?'  
`She's with Gorham.' Henry's eyes widened. `They met each other a short time after Diane died.'  
`That was completely unexpected.'  
`You haven't heard everything yet.' Victor scratched his ear as he thought of how to proceed. 
`They are engaged and she's pregnant.'  
`Nothing is going to surprise me after that.'  
`Nothing?' Victor chuckled. `You know the legend that Izanami, Cognoscenti and Jansenist's spirits are normally reincarnated within every generation?'  
`Yes, I remember it.'  
`Sidney is Jansenist.'  
`She's what?'  
`The reincarnation of Jansenist as Gorham is the reincarnation of Izanami.'  
`That would explain why they are getting married so soon after Gorham lost the love of his life.' Victor was quiet for a long time. `What is it?'  
`I've been thinking of that a lot. If Gorham is indeed Izanami which I think he is, then I don't think that he can ever love anyone as much as he loved Jansenist.'  
`He loves Sidney, doesn't he?'  
`Of course, but the point is that he loved Diane almost as much.'  
Henry's face darkened. `The point being?'  
But Victor's thoughts were not coming in any sort of order. `Diane was born almost at the same time that Sidney lost her powers. Jansenist's spirit was originally a wizard which would make sense that she would be reincarnated in a wizard's body.'  
`And you are saying your sister was the chosen body?'  
`No, I've known my sister for a long time and she was never anybody's reincarnation. But then the line of the Izanami is half wizard which would make sense that Jansenist's spirit would choose Diane after the wizards all moved away.'  
`You want to tell me that Diane was also the reincarnation of Jansenist?'  
`Think about it. She was the only exception in her line that would tolerate our kind much less sleep with one. She also loved Gorham no matter what happened and even you knew that. But still, she couldn't abandon her people which she would have done had she been fully a wizard.  
Diane must have been half the reincarnation of Jansenist because she was not a full wizard and when Sidney lost her powers there was a void within her that allowed the other half of the spirit to take refuge.'  
Henry couldn't argue with logic. He could see it also as clearly as Victor seemed to have. `What happened then?'  
`Remember that reincarnation doesn't mean that you are possessed. Whatever decisions they both made were of their own volition. Maybe some part of Diane did love you and maybe some part of Sidney just wanted a family that would love her for who she was. But when Diane died, Jansenist's spirit left her to go where it knew it could stay and that was in Sidney.'  
`Did you tell Gorham any of this?'  
`I didn't see the point.'  
`Good, because you don't know how he would take it that he was destined to love only her.'  
`No,' Victor shook his head. `I thinking more in the terms of he's happy, she's happy, who cares what happens next.'  
The door to the office opened again and Charles walked in with a tray of tea. He was setting it on the table. `Okay, but if those two are already reincarnated then who is Cognoscenti?'  
`Nathan.'  
`Nathan?' But he didn't wait for an answer. `Makes sense given that Cognoscenti was the right hand of Izanami. He must be plotting something. He always is plotting something.'  
`Whatever it is I'm sure Gorham can take care of it.'  
`How? He doesn't know who he is.'  
`He knows and he knows that Nathan is Cognoscenti and Sidney is Jansenist.'  
`Did you tell him?'  
`No, he's bright. He was able to figure it out on his own. Is there a problem with that?'  
Charles who had already set everything found it hard to leave at that point. `The problem is that Izanami was the person he was because of the ignorance he had for his wife's powers and his brother's feelings. Because he now knows that his wife had an affair with his brother sometime back and his brother may still have feelings for her, he is already a changed man.'  
`How?'  
`Because he knows that once before Cognoscenti had outwitted him and had his wife killed, he won't make the same mistake again. He will do whatever it takes to preserve the life of Jansenist this time, including kill for her.'  
`He has already killed for her but he didn't even know who he was at the time.'  
`Who?'  
`Diane's husband Eric.'  
`What did Eric do to him?'  
`Tried to rape Sidney but that was not what made him kill him. From what I heard, Eric was threatening to expose Sidney as a wizard.'  
`So he killed for her before even knew it.' Henry was thoughtful. `Then this is the end.'  `The end of what?'  
`The end of all three of them. The end of the cycle. If now Izanami is willing to kill for her beloved then the chances for Cognoscenti to win back Jansenist's love have gone up dramatically. But 
the latter will still want to destroy Jansenist before realizing that she still loves him.'  
`What does that have to do with anything?'  
`Gorham will want to destroy Nathan who in turns wants to destroy Sidney but Sidney's love for both of them is faltering. If Gorham succeeds then she will be heartbroken and if Nathan succeeds then Gorham will lose heart and continue existing for eternity without Jansenist.'  
`Why wouldn't Nathan just go after Gorham and be done with it?'  
`Because Gorham is the only reason that they exist. Destroy Gorham, destroy all of them. Besides, it's much easier to destroy Jansenist.' He paused and looked at Victor. `Destroy everyone with the Izanami bloodline and you destroy her. Once she dies, there is no way that she can come back.'  
`That's Diane's bloodline and the last people on that mighty line are her children. That includes Wendy.'  
`Which means that we have to keep her in our world until this thing ends.'  
`I thought she was thinking of staying...'  
`I know for certain that she will go back and she will stay there ruling her people.'  
`So you saw the future too?'  
`I saw more than a future. I saw two great destinies unfold before my very eyes.' He stared at Victor for a moment. `You will have to go get her. We are going to train her the old fashion way.' Victor blinked several times in surprise. Charles decided that he'd better leave at that moment.  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
Wendy had been doing well and she could see that Madison was quite impressed by the way she was handling herself in the field. It had been four months and as far as Wendy could tell, Madison's guard was still down which meant that she still had a long way to go. Anyway, as expected she was always allowed to go out at the end of the week but because she was progressing so fast she had made many enemies than friends. So she was always walking alone in the town but she had things to do like dye her hair which was now almost completely turning white. For some reason she liked seeing it like that for longer hours than she used to.  
She had gotten updated with the fashion in this world and now had brought herself more clothes with the card that Henry had given her. She was now dressing better and was very comfortable in the clothes. She went to her favorite saloon and was immediately assigned to someone. She was in the middle of her hair being washed when she felt a new presence in the small town. She kept her eyes closed as she thought that whatever the stranger was doing around wasn't any of her business.  
Then a bell rang as someone walked into the saloon. She turned her hands into a fist instinctively, and then a familiar voice said, `Relax Wendy, it's only me.'  
She opened her eyes and saw him smiling down at her. Her heart warmed up. `Victor,' she managed to say. He leaned over to her and brushed his lips over her cheek then turned and pulled up a chair and sat in front of her. Wendy could see that everyone's eyes were on Victor, as always. She smiled knowing that his attention was completely on her though her hair had foam all over and didn't look in the least bit pretty.  
`I see you are doing very well,' he started.  
`I thought you did not expect less from me.'  
`Of course, but it has to come to a halt.'  
`What?'  
`You have to stop training. I'm taking you home.'  
`I thought you both insisted that training is a must if I'm to survive then I have to go through 
it?'  
`There is a change in plans and your father wants you home.'  
Wendy stared at him, `What are you not telling me?' she asked looking very serious at him.  
Victor hadn't been told to lie to her and so he started to explain. `I went back,' Wendy's eyes were questioning enough. `Back from where we came from and...'  
`Why did you go back?'  
`I went back to see if they were ready to receive you but they aren't. At the moment they have problems of their own and everybody wants to kill each other.'  
`If that's the case then shouldn't I go back now that they are distracted and reclaim my throne?'  
Victor noted that the woman who was washing her hair raised her eyebrows at that point. `It would have been as easy as that had there not been someone out to kill you which in fact is everyone else except for Gorham.'  
`What do you mean?'  
`The council, if they had any choice would rather they kill you than to have you claim the throne. They have many reasons for that but the main thing would be that it would bring your mother's death back into people minds and they will start to question how she died. Two, Nathan wouldn't mind if you took over but he will wait until you are comfortable enough before he starts plotting things against you like he did against your mother. Then there's Alice who wouldn't want to give up her position willingly. There will be a contest between the two of you and if you are not ready, the two of you will make the people have a civil war which you may lose,' Wendy frowned at that. `That is if you are not ready. But if you are and you are willing to show them what you can do, the soldiers will follow you no matter what Alice tries to do. Furthermore, if you have the army behind you, no one will be against you. Not even the council!'  
`But I'm not going back yet so why are you telling me that?'  
`Because either way you will need it.'  
`All this relates how with my training?'  
`Your father thinks that with every step that you take in your training, your heart goes back home and your true nature is revealed.'  
`So he doesn't want me to go home?'  
`Yet.'  
Wendy sighed. `I'll have to go back and take my things...'  
`Madison wouldn't let you leave if she knew your intentions. Not to mention that she will try and kill me.'  
`Say that's true, then what about my training?'  
`I will be your teacher again.' Victor sat back in his chair and watched Wendy. Meanwhile the latter's heart beat faster. She could only imagine one way that this was going to end and she wondered if he thought about it as she did. `Of course,' he said after awhile, `Your father will be supervising.' Victor smiled knowingly, Wendy looked away in embarrassment. He knew what she was thinking!  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
Sometime after Wendy was done with the saloon and they were walking through the deserted streets, the former was thinking of something else to say. She normally had questions and no doubt she still had questions. The only problem she always had was putting the pressing question first.  
`Right after you told me your age, you disappeared.' Victor looked at her then back at the road. He seemed to be expecting something but she didn't know what. `Why did you tell me that that is not really old for a wizard?'  
`With reference to a three thousand year old wizard, I didn't think I needed to be clearer.'  
`You want to know what I think?'  
`Yes,' but Wendy didn't seem to want to say it. `Amuse me, please,' he coaxed.  
`I think that you wanted to make me angry.'  
`Why would I want to do that?'  
`Because of what happened in the forest,' she folded her arms before her and smiled wittingly.  
Victor looked at her and then back at the road and turned to look if they were being followed. 
Wendy didn't press. `I admit I was a little mad but I understand why you didn't want me.'  
`And what reason would that be?'  
`Doesn't matter now.' She was about to open her mouth before he added, `I know now that I shouldn't have kissed you in the first place'  
She turned away to hide the disappointed look on her face but Victor had seen it. It didn't matter though because he knew she still didn't need distractions and he would be the biggest one. He agreed with Gorham on that but that didn't mean that he liked it. His thoughts were drawn to a group of people before them.  
He grabbed Wendy's arm and pulled her through the alley but halfway through, there was another group before them. He turned to go back but the other group was behind them. Victor stopped short.  
`She's not going anywhere,' a voice said before them. Both groups were closing in on them then they stopped. `You just have to give her up then we'll let you walk out of here.'  `How did you know I was here?' Victor asked.  
`Madison tracks both you and Henry. The minute you set course out of Henry's residence, she knew you were coming.'  
`Why didn't you just keep Wendy instead of letting her come here?'  
`Madison knows how you think, Victor.' One lone person stepped out of the group. `She is after all your mother!'  
`What?' Wendy gasped but no one was paying her attention.  
`She knew that if you didn't feel Wendy's presence then you would sense the trap. She had to lure you in.'  
`You used her as bait.'  
The lone figure moved further towards them. `Now,' he stopped. `Madison knows about 
Wendy's feelings for you. With one answer, you can put her doubts at rest and she will let you live.'  `What's my question?' Victor didn't beat around the bush.  
`Do you love her?' Both the lone figure and Wendy watched Victor carefully.  
`What kind of question is that?'  
`Your mother is concerned. You don't keep in touch and she doesn't like finding out from other people, you know that.'  
`I'm not going to answer that.'  
`Why Victor? Aren't you sure of what you feeling?'  
`That's why you still haven't attacked. She can't stop being my mother, can she?' Victor made a step closer. Wendy tried to stop him by grabbing his arm but he pulled away. Another step. `Why won't you finish me off?'  
`I need an answer.' They were standing inches away from each other.  
`How about I give you this, Andrew? My mother's faithful servant,' he hissed into his ear. The next thing anybody heard was Andrew's painful howl. He sank into the ground. Victor put his hand on the latter's head. The screaming continued and then it was suddenly cut off. Everyone watched Andrew turn into dust. Victor looked up at the stunned faces, `Well, well, it turns out I did learn from my mother after all.'  
It took a moment longer for the groups at the back and in the front to realize what had happened. They both started moving towards them at the same time both in panic and in fear. Then two people ran ahead of both groups. Wendy was about to defend himself when Victor lowered her hands. The two people came and stood defensively beside them.  
Victor stepped away from the group of four now. `Unless you want to start something that you cannot win, go home!' he ordered.  
The others were a bit unsure but with their leader dead, they decided that they had risked a lot and whether or not Madison will be disappointed, she wouldn't kill them for giving up. They turned to their heels and left.  
`What's going on?' Wendy asked.  
But she was again ignored by everyone. `What now?' one of the people who had joined them asked. She was called Amber, if Wendy could remember well. She stood like a soldier in front of Victor as did the other one.  
`We need to land in a familiar safe place when we teleport.'  `You can't be serious! From here?' Amber objected.  
`Yes. We need to go before Madison decides to come over.'  
`I know a good place,' the young man said. `Just a couple of more blocks from here.'  
`Where will we land?'  
`In a warehouse in Australia. I just hope it is empty.'  
`We don't have time to be cautious. We need to go now.' Victor grabbed Wendy's arm and as the young man started to lead the way. She wanted to object but she knew whatever she said would fall on deaf ears. She was guided through the streets. The man walking in front of them. Amber behind and Victor at her side. She seemed to be covered all round.  
When they got to the alley that the man was talking about, it was as if they were stepping into another country. She didn't even notice the transition. They went into a street in a place where she assumed was Australia and then Victor took the lead. They went into an apartment which was obviously his and again with the transition. It took them a few more of those transitions before they again appeared in another apartment. This one had boxes in it but nothing was arranged or unpacked. They walked into the bedroom and that was the only comfortable place.  
It had a large bed which was well made. The curtains were opened and there was nothing out of place. The others were about to go when Victor held them back. He went to the closet and opened a cabinet and behind it he opened a safe. Took something out and then closed it. He went and joined the others. Barely nodding, they were standing before Henry.  
Henry looked at the two additions then he understood. `Problems?'  
`Just the expected one.'  
`Your job is not done,' he was talking to the two.  
`Yes, your Lordship,' they said in unison then bowed their heads respectfully.  
Henry turned to Wendy and walked to her. `Are you alright?'  
`I'm fine but...'  
`You should eat something and get some rest. You will not be safe here anymore. We need to get you moving.'  `But...'  
Henry's attention had already moved from her. `We need a perimeter lock down around the estate. Victor, all the wormholes should be blocked and Amber, you are with Wendy.'  
`I guess that leaves me the perimeter,' the young man said as he started walking away. Amber didn't also seem very enthusiastic with her job but she went, grabbed Wendy's arm and dragged her out of the room leaving Victor alone with Henry.  
`Hey, watch it,' she pulled her arm away with force and stopped.  
`We need to get moving. We need to get you some food.'  
`I know my way to the kitchen. There no need to get brutal with me.'  
`If you'd move faster perhaps I wouldn't see the need to do so.'  
`Well, don't touch me.' they walked to the dining room and when Amber stopped Wendy continued on into the kitchen. Two seconds later, the former was walking into the kitchen door.  
`Do you ever think of what you do before you do it?'  
`I'm here to get my food. I thought that was what you wanted me to do?'  
`Whatever you are supposed to do, I should not leave your side at any given moment. I'm here to protect you.'  
`I don't need protecting.'  
`You don't?' Amber laughed sarcastically. `What kind of queen are you going to be when you can't even recognize when you need help?'  
`And who are you supposed to be to lecture me on how to be queen?' Wendy could feel the anger rising in her. `You should get out of here before I lose my temper.'  
`I'm not afraid of you,' she walked over to Wendy. `Go on and lose your temper because you know what?' she stopped in front of her. `I have spent the last ten years waiting for you to arrive and here comes the ungrateful bi...'  
`Ladies,' Victor's voice interrupted. They both turned in shock at him. `Is there a problem?'  `No,' Amber looked slightly at Wendy then she stormed out of the room.  
Victor didn't take her eyes from Wendy. After Amber had gone and her footsteps faded into nothing, he said, `I understand that it isn't in your nature to feel grateful to wizards but it wouldn't hurt if you were a bit courteous to Amber.'  
Wendy was going to open her mouth but again, like before, Victor left before she could say anything. She turned and faced Charles and Greta, who like the other servants, were shocked at the exchange. `Can you believe that? He turned on me but it was Amber who came storming in here.'  
`Honey,' Greta started, `We don't know what is happening.'  
`Because I am partly from the Izanami bloodline everybody thinks that it’s my fault if something goes wrong. Look at now what happened. Victor comes in and starts assuming that I am the one on the wrong,' she stood up. `Even my father ignores me because I'm not one of them.' She headed to the door.  
`Aren't you going to eat?' Greta called after her.  
`I'm not hungry.' She walked away.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Greta walked around the house and met Victor whom she was partially looking for. He was in one of the numerous rooms within the house. What he was doing, Greta couldn't figure out.  
`Master Raymond,' she started and Victor looked at her expectantly. `Do you want any food to be brought to you?'  
`No, thank you Greta.'  
Greta turned to walk away but stopped. `Forgive me for speaking out of place and maybe out of context but I think you being a bit unfair to Wendy.'  
`Why is that?'  
Greta couldn't tell whether he was genuinely interested or feigning it but she answered, `She did nothing to be ungrateful to Amber. On the contrary she did what she was told and you had to come in and defend Amber. You probably don't expect me to say this because of my son, but every time that you ignore her, turn her away or undermine her, her heart gets broken. She becomes even sadder than she is at the moment.' She left after that because she was not expecting a comment.  
She did not know it but what she said did touch Victor and made him decide that maybe he should find out if she was alright. He therefore climbed up the stairs and after establishing that the lights in her room were still on, he knocked on the door.  
`Come in,' said Wendy from inside. He walked in and found her sitting in her bed reading a book. She didn't seem as sad as Greta had suggested. `Victor,' she said. Her voice had an unusual calmness in it. `I thought you would be busy doing something important.'  
`I came to check in on you.'  
`I haven't eaten if you want to know and I probably won't eat tonight anyway.'  
Victor walked across the room. `You are mad at me!'  
`Would it be more obvious if I threw something at you?'  
`So you are mad.' He turned to her when he didn't get an answer. She was staring at him. 
`Why are you mad at me?'  
`Why didn't you tell me that Madison is your mother?'  
`This has nothing to do with Madison.'  
`On the contrary, it has everything to do with her,' she pulled away the covers and stepped on the carpeted floor. She walked briskly to him. `You could have told me that I was intending to kill your mother, for instance. You could have told me that she is the woman who gave birth to you. You could have told me...'  
But Victor put his hands on the sides of her head and made her look at him. `I didn't think it would have mattered whether you knew or didn't know.'  
`And that was what you chose for me?' Wendy's eyes were on his.  
`I didn't make a choice for you. I just wanted you to know her as a stranger just like I see her.'  
`But she can never stop being your mother. You pointed that out yourself.' Victor turned away but Wendy stopped him. `You see me differently just like the others.'  
`You are one of us Wendy and we treat you differently because you are the person we are trying to protect.'  
`Is- is that what you tell yourself?' she searched his eyes. `That you want to protect me?' No answer came from Victor. `Because if you wanted to do that, you wouldn't keep things like that to yourself. You wouldn't push me away.'  
`I didn't push you away, you did that.'  
`And then you retaliated the same way,' she took a few deep breathes. `Answer me this. Why didn't you give Andrew the answer to the question he asked?'  
Victor smiled. She was getting slyer every day. Instead of asking if he loved her, she was asking it indirectly. `Because it was inappropriate.'  
`Why would your mother be interested in that aspect of your life if she was going to kill you anyway?'  
`Because my mother is crazy!'  
Wendy stepped back. `She didn't seem crazy when she was teaching me.'  
`You really want to know why?' He moved closer to her. It was like a dance. She steps back and he goes after her. He steps back and she follows him. He placed his left hand on her right cheek. His fingers slowly traced her face and then her lips. He looked at her in a strange way. `My mother is concerned because I'm of age.' his hand went to her neck and then at the nape of her neck. His thumb tilted her face to his. `She is concerned because she knows I may be consciously or unconsciously be looking for a mate.'  
`A mate?' she asked but her voice came out in a whisper.  
`Yes, someone that gets to have my child or children. Someone I get to have a family with.' Victor lowered his head to hers.  
`And she thought that I may be that person?'  
Their lips were barely an inch apart. `I don't know,' he said then raised his head slowly. He kissed her forehead gently. `Goodnight Wendy!' He walked away before she could answer.  
She almost cursed him when the full realization dawned on her. Why he was always doing that she didn't know. But he couldn't hide the fact that he is indeed attracted to her. She needed someone to talk to though she couldn't imagine having this sort of conversation with Amber. But then Greta could also not understand the complexities that lay ahead. The only person left that she could talk to on a woman's level is Diane's spirit. She hadn't contacted her ever since the first day that she had put the necklace on. She had been mad at her and didn't think that she was ready to apologize to her. Unfortunately she needed advice which only her mother would be able to provide.  
She went and lay down on the bed. Began concentrating on where she wanted to be. The good thing about Madison was that she was a very good teacher and she had been taught how to take herself to a trance and how to wake up from it by herself. Within a few minutes she was standing before her mother's spirit. She explained what was going on and what she wanted from her.  
After she was done her mother's spirit smiled. `There's nothing that you can do.'  
`What do you mean by there's nothing that I can do?'  
`Because there is nothing you can do,' Wendy looked at her warily. `Don't get me wrong when I say you can't try but your efforts will probably be wasted. He knows what he feels about you but may have some compelling reasons to stay away from you.'  
`What reasons?'  
`Reason's such as you breaking his heart for instance.'  
`But I love him.'  
`Are you sure about that? Because if you are not then I may suggest that you take a step back and reevaluate your feelings.' Diane went and sat down under a tree which to Wendy was pointless because the sun was being controlled by them. `You see, for Victor this is not like a crush that one has when they 
are teenagers. When wizards fall for someone genuinely, they fall hard and if it doesn't work out, it may potentially destroy them. He may be afraid of that.'  
`But I know what I feel about him.'  
`I told you there are probably many reasons he keeps leaving you.'  
`What is the most likely one?'  
`Patience. He's probably waiting for the right time.'  
`And this is not the right time because...'  
`You are still training and let's be honest, you get distracted when he walks into the same room with you.' There was a slight nod from Wendy. `Stop worrying about him because as you know he isn't getting older and certainly isn't going anywhere.' Wendy smiled and walked over to where Diane was seated. `How about we now talk about your Izanami training!'  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Time flew by quite fast but in the mountains where they were hiding, one day seemed very much like the last. Wendy was undergoing her training under the supervision of her father and she had two additional sparring mates. She had also discovered that the old fashioned way of training a wizard included a lot of theoretical lessons and a lot of wizard history lessons. All of which were handled by her father.  
She had put her feeling for Victor aside and was intrigued by how fast she was learning. Either way she could not completely forget about Victor. Small gestures such as their eyes meeting and a strange awkwardness followed but she was trying not to dwell on such moments. That did not always happen but it helped that everybody's attention was on her and she knew she could not do anything under all that scrutiny. Though with the company added, she found times that she was alone with Victor. He kept his distance as always but did not go away at the very first opportunity that he may have had. He always took that opportunity to lecture her on history of the Izanami bloodline or something relating to her administration.  
Nonetheless, everyone knew of their attraction but none spoke of it. Not even Wendy's father. But when the news came that Madison was going back to the alternate universe, Victor's cool was broken at last.  
`When did she say she was going?' Henry asked. Wendy's eyes were set on Victor who seemed more impatient. He wanted to do the questioning but for some reason, he left it to Henry.  
`No,' the wizard who had brought the news said. Wendy had recognized him from the group that had cornered them in the alley. Must be one of Henry's spies. She had heard the way that her father had recruited the man named Ken and Amber then put them as sleeper-spies within Madison's group. She was intrigued that Henry always thought of everything. It was not a wonder therefore when she was told that Henry's personality had rubbed off on Diane. She remembered reading about the reforms that Diane made after she had returned home. She wondered why Victor would be worried that Madison was going back and she knew she was about to find out.  
The man continued, `There is no doubt that Madison has found out that Sidney,' he looked at 
Victor when he said the name. `Is hiding there.'  
`We can't allow her to get near her. If she kills Sidney then the only other hope that we have to destroy Madison will be delayed by another generation.' Victor spoke out.  
`Of course,' Henry looked directly at Victor. `Besides the fact that you love her so much, she is also expecting a baby which is an innocent party in this war.'  
Baby? Love her? Wendy stared unbelievably at Victor. Was it possible that he loved another woman and was having a baby with her? She wouldn't dare ask so she listened. Maybe she had made a mistake and something that would be said would clear it up.  
Amber put in, `Maybe if we could save the baby then there would still be hope.'  
`No,' Victor objected. `I will not accept that you want to take away a member of my family in order for us to have hope.'  
`I was just giving suggestions...'  
`Well, stop it.' He stood up and headed to the door. `I will not accept the possibility that Sidney may die. I'm going back to help her. She is not in any condition to fight Madison.'  
`Victor be reasonable,' Henry said and the latter stopped at the door. He turned slowly back. `You are right. Sidney is in no condition to fight let alone get away fast enough. You won't be able to do it alone.'  
`What do you suggest?'  
`Steven here,' he pointed to the newest arrival. `Will go ahead of us right now and try to get word to Sidney that Madison is on her way. Should she try to flee then that would be her choice.'  
`I'm not trying to stop you. I'm only telling you that getting to the wormhole in the forest behind the residence is the fastest and closest way to Tyrone. You need to get there but you will also need Ken and Amber's help to fight Madison.' Henry stopped and looked at Wendy.  
`I am going too.'  
`This is not going to pick flowers in the forest. This is real danger.'  
Wendy could feel Victor watching her but she didn't turn to him. `You sent me to Madison's Island because you thought that I may be able to kill her at the end of it. Your faith in me has not wavered since, has it?'  
Henry smiled, `Fine, you will join them.'  `Aren't you coming?' She was standing up.  
`I made a vow a long time ago never to return only on two conditions and they have nothing to do with Sidney or Madison.'  
`Okay,' she went to him and hugged him. `I'll see you.' Henry didn't comment on that. He watched them leave in a single file out of the house. They parted ways with Steven as the rest went to the residence. Wendy made a brief stop in the house then went to join the others in the forest. Victor had drawn the strange but familiar looking shape on the ground. She went into the center of the shaped where Victor was standing.  
He took her hand and pulled her close to him, `Thank you for doing this!' he whispered.  
`I'm sure you would have done the same for me.' He turned to the others and simultaneously, they started to chant the familiar words. They ground started to glow and then they were all covered with the bright white light.  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
Sidney wasn't going to the shop any more given that she was a few weeks due and Gorham being Gorham did not permit her to go to the shop anymore. He was being overprotective but everyone knew that he was only worried given that this was going to be his first child. 
 
After the incident at the festival, Jared made his headquarters at Gorham's castle. He oversaw all the on goings of the castle and kept a close watch on the visitors coming to the castle. When one of them seemed strange or suspicious, then they would be pulled aside to be questioned. The new security routines were being undertaken in all the castles.  
One person was referred to Jared. The former watched him keenly. `What is your business in this castle?'  
`I'm here to deliver news to Miss Sidney Storm.'  
`These days her title changed to Mrs.'  
`I wasn't aware.'  
`No doubt,' he watched him for a few more seconds. `What is the message that you want to tell Mrs. Storm?'  
`It is private as it's from her brother.'  
`Victor? Victor Raymond?'  
`So you do know?'  
`Yes I do.' Jared stood up. `Follow me, please.' He led the stranger to Gorham's office and then explained things to Gorham. He was asked to call Sidney to meet him in the library but for the mean time, they were left alone.  
`Why is this message very important?' Gorham asked.  
`It is about her mother.'  
`Madison?' This surprised the man.  
`Yes, it's about Madison.' The door opened and the man looked up to see Sidney looking a bit larger than she had been almost fifty years ago. He saw the reaction from her and knew that she hadn't forgotten. `Before you say anything else, I should let you know that I'm not here to hurt you.'  
`Why should I believe you? You were one off the people who tortured me!' She didn't step further into the room. Gorham started to stand up defensively but he waited for everything to play out.  
`I was trying to infiltrate Madison's camp, I had to do as I was told.'  
`Why infiltrate Madison's camp?'  
`Henry doesn't give us much reason as to why we do some things.'  
`Henry?'  
`Yes. Henry was planting me as a mole in Madison's Island and when Wendy was pulled away from her training, Madison knew that her time was coming short. She started afresh to look for you and found out that you are here.'  
`Where's Victor?'  
`They are on their way but we can get moving if you so wish.' The man stared at her. 
Whatever decision she was going to make now he was going to be part of it.  
`What do you mean by `they are on their way'?'  
`Victor is coming with Wendy and two others to delay Madison at least until you can get away.'  
`I'm not going anywhere. Not like this anyway,' she said and moved to Gorham.  
He took over from her. `They are all wizards? The people coming?'  
`Yes, including me.'  
`And Madison is so powerful as to require five people to try to delay her but not kill her?'  
`No,' the man looked at Gorham. `It only requires one person to kill her but she won't be coming alone. That is why Victor couldn't come alone either.'  
Gorham went back to his seat. `I think that we should head to the council hall.'  
`You aren't thinking of asking the council for help, are you?'  
`No, but the queen's weapon is now kept there and you can operate it.'  
`Theoretically, yes.' Sidney stared at him. `You aren't thinking that I should take on my mother on my own.'  
`Whatever she saw was that she dies before one of her female descendant...'  
`That doesn't mean that I get to kill her, Gorham.'  
`If you stay here then she is sure to find you and if we go to the council hall, your chances rise higher.'  
Sidney looked away. `I'm scared.'  
`Scared of your mother?'  
`No, scared of dying.'  
`I won't let that happen.' He went to take her hand.  
`I'm sorry to interrupt,' the man said. `Wendy and the others have arrived.'  
`How do you know?'  
`She is from the Izanami clan so she must have been sensing for wizards,' Sidney said instead. `It's a two way connection. They sense her too.'  
`So if Madison is already here then she must know that Wendy is here too.' Sidney nodded. Gorham went to her and pulled her to stand up. `We have to get going then.' The three of them left the castle and headed to the council hall where they were to acquire the queen's weapon.  ~~~~~~~~~~~ 
 
`How many?' Victor asked anxiously. Wendy was trying to figure out the number of wizards in Tyrone. They had let her be for some time but she was taking too long.  
Wendy looked up at him calmly then she stood up. `Sixteen,' she paused and looked at their shocked faces. `That is including you which means that there are thirteen potential enemies and they are all within the city.'  
`You could tell where they are?' Victor was shocked.  
`I've been practicing,' she shrugged like it wasn't a big deal. `The very bad news is that they are concentrated in one central point. The council hall.'  `Why is that bad news?' Amber asked.  
Victor was the one who answered it with a question. `Why would they be concentrated if they are still looking for Sidney?'  
`My guess is that they have found her and Steven must have also been captured.'  
`But you said there are thirteen potential enemies?'  
`Yes.' She put on her belt with the sheath and the sword back onto her waist. `We should get going or we will be too late.'  
`But Madison needs to perform the ritual before killing her?' Amber asked but she had already mounted her horse like the others.  
`Not in this case,' Victor started riding. The others kept up with him. `She had already performed the ritual forty five years ago.'  
Wendy was still feeling a bit jealous but like everything else she had to wait for an explanation after they survived the ordeal. It felt nice to ride into the city again but it was even more special because they were not being stopped. `Why didn't they stop us?' she asked after they were through the gate.  
Victor smiled for the first time at the question. `They think that you are Diane!' Wendy seemed confused. `Your hair, it turned back to white when we crossed over.'  
She smiled. `Since I'm now royalty, can't we move a little faster?' She kicked the horse harder and broke out of the group. People had to look at her hair once and know that they ought to step out of the way. As they could see the council hall ahead of them she felt something happening. She turned round and could see that the others were paving the way for her. They were in some sort of attack from Madison's forces.  
`Go inside,' Victor shouted at her. The others spread out and went round the hall after she was safely inside. She unsheathed her sword and walked cautiously through the corridor. Leave it for Madison's ego not to put guards inside the building. She walked into the hall and the first thing she saw was Madison concentrating on focusing a blast which seemed bluish but had a mixture of white and red on a woman who didn't seem to be doing anything about it but was somehow stopping the blast. Behind the woman was a man who Wendy could recognize as Gorham lying on the floor.  
Wendy walked into the room and from the corner of her eyes could see Steven's body. He must have tried to save the woman whose name Wendy assumed was Sidney.  
`Madison, stop this!' Wendy commanded. The former didn't even look at her but seemed to add more force in her blast. Wendy could see that Sidney was weakening. `Stop this or I swear, I'll kill you.'  
`After I'm done with her there's nothing that anyone can do to stop me. Not even you, Wendy Summer.'  
Wendy looked around and saw the queen's weapon lying on the floor but it was far away. `Hold out your hand and it will come to you,' a voice in her head said. The second she did that the weapon literally flew into her hand and as she aimed for Madison, some sixth sense in her made the former turn around and tried to defend herself against the blast. She managed it but as a result, the connection with Sidney had been broken.  
`You know what Wendy, I actually thought that we could be friends but I can see that you have been poisoned like the rest.' the weapon didn't lower from the latter's hand. `If you knew of a way that you could live as long as Victor, wouldn't you take it.'  
`But it's not the same case, is it?'  
`We all want something, Wendy. Even you. See yourself aging and Victor remaining the same. You want to live as long as he will, don't you?'  
`I don't see how my age and Victor's relate to the matter at hand.'  
`But you do. Remember when you can and you commented that Victor was too old? You want to be with him yet he will look the same as you age and get wrinkles. You think that he will love you then? When your beauty has faded away?'  
Wendy was thoughtful about that statement that she didn't realize that she had lowered her weapon a few inches.  
`I will teach you how,' Madison said. She waited.  
Wendy looked at Sidney who had collapsed on the ground. `Not at the expense of the lives of others.' She raised it up again. She was about to blast it again but Madison waved her hand and the weapon fell away from her hand. The former then made a series of motions with her hands and pointed to Wendy in the stance that she had found the former in. Wendy dived out of the way. She slid to a halt but Madison was trying again by the time she got to her feet. This time she didn't step out of the way, instead she copied the same motions as Madison. From the way that she had seen the smoke being manipulated around Madison's body she was quite able to see how she was manipulating the environment.  
The mixture of blue, white and red blast came from both of them. Neither of them saw Victor stepping into the room. At the moment they were too focused on each other to notice.  
`You think that if you kill me, Victor will see you as anything other than the person who killed his mother?' Madison tried again to get into her head.  
Victor thought of clarifying that but thought better to let Wendy make her own decision. `I gave you a chance to stop what you were doing but you opted instead to attack me. I think he would understand if I told him that.'  
`No matter what he says, he always sees me as his mother. Just because Sidney here is the last sibling he has...'  
Wendy relaxed for a moment and Victor wanted to shout to her to concentrate. `Sidney is Victor's sister?' She suddenly smiled. `I'm sorry Madison, but I think that your time is up.'  
`What?' she asked but could feel the blast getting closer and closer to her. She tried to move away but was not fast enough. The blast pushed her to the wall and she hit it hard before she fell down again. She raised herself and sat up. Her eyes looked around the room and they met with Sidney's before she felt a prick on her neck. That was the end of Madison.  
Wendy watched as the former's head slid from her neck and fell to the ground. She was about to turn but she saw the white-like-smoke come from Madison's dead body. It separated in two and one traveled towards Sidney who was kneeling next to Gorham. He was finally waking up from whatever knock out that he had received.  
Wendy turned in time to see the other surrounding Victor before it thinned out again.  
Victor walked to Wendy, `That was amazing!'  
`What? Chopping off your mother's head?'  
`Killing her. You should know how many people have tried to do that.'  
`I guess, a lot.'  
Victor's attention suddenly diverted away from Wendy and to Sidney. She was grabbing her belly and was bent over as if she was in pain. Victor hurried to her side but it took Wendy a bit longer than that for her to remember that they were only siblings. `What's wrong?'  
`The baby- the power's too much for him.' She looked at Victor, her face full of worry. `I'm going to lose the baby.'  
`No, you won't,' he said but he didn't seem convinced. He looked questioningly at Wendy as if expecting her to do something.  
She quickly thought of something. `We need to get her to a comfortable place...'  `Gorham's castle,' when he said that he could see Gorham waking up.  
`Where are the others?'  
`Outside, they were guarding the hall.'  
`Well, I'll need their help getting Sidney and Gorham to the carriage. I'll need you to go back to the other universe and bring Dr Ryan here.'  
`Your father won't...'  
`Just tell him that I sent you. He'll do as I ask.'  
`But you also have to go back.'  
`Not right away. Listen to me Victor. I need you to be the one who goes back because I know that you will hurry. She is almost due and I doubt that anybody in our world can deliver this baby well.'  
`The council...?'  
`I will stay with the others just in case of anything. Now go and tell the others to come and help me,' Victor stood up unsure of what to do. `I'll take care of her. I promise.'  
~~~~~~~~~  
News traveled fast in the city and the fact that people claimed that Diane was alive made it move in supersonic speed. Jared after hearing the news and consulting on where they were headed to had got to his horse with a couple of more guards. He knew that Gorham and Sidney had gone there but their reasons had been different. He found a large crowd had gathered in front of the hall. Some guards who had arrived earlier were dragging some bodies away from the public eye.  
`What's going on here?' Jared asked.  
`There seems to have been a fight. Witnesses say that they didn't fight like the guards do but it was somewhat impossible what they were doing.'  
`And where did these people go?' He dismounted as he looked at the council building and wondering where Gorham was.  
`They went into the building a few minutes ago.'  
`Have you gone into the building and checked?'  
`Everyone is afraid to go in.'  
Jared looked at him like he was about to say something nasty but he thought better of it. `Where is King Gorham?'  
`What?'  
`King Gorham, where is he? His carriage is over there.'  
`We haven't seen any sign of him.'  
Jared looked up at the building then to the bodies but he didn't see the body of the man that had come to look for Sidney. That was a good sign. He mounted the steps regardless of the guards who tried to hold him back. He was sure that Gorham was inside the building. What he didn't know was whether he was alive or not. He walked into the council hall with his sword wielded up. He found a group of people gathered around. He tried to make out the faces but his eyes seemed to be still adjusting to the light in the room.  
After awhile, he could make out a woman's figure walking towards him. She was wearing some strange clothes. She had on some sort of riding trousers but they were tighter. She had on a very short dress on top and a jacket but it was a very small jacket. On her legs she had on boots, but they were clanking on the floor like the ones Sidney always wore. She stood in front of him and was smiling. Her face was familiar but it wasn't until she saw her hair that he thought of Diane.  
`Hallo, Jared.'  
`I thought you were dead.' then he quickly added. `Your Highness.' As he bowed.  
`Jared, I'm not Diane. It's me Wendy.'  
`Oh my...' he stared closely at her. `What are you doing back here?'  
`I'll tell you later but now that you are here, I want you to come up with a story as to what happened here.'  
`Where is King Gorham?'  
`He's fine. He hit his head hard but his going to be fine.' Jared was opening his mouth to ask something but Wendy beat him to it by giving her answer. `Sidney is also fine but she will be better in a few more minutes.' they stared at the group who were concentrating on someone on the floor.  
`I assume Victor is around then?'  
`No, he just left. There has been a complication with Sidney's pregnancy and she needs a bit of help from Victor's world.' she turned to Jared. `Back to pressing matters. How are you going to explain this to the people?'  
`That won't be the problem.'  
`Then what is going to be the problem?'  
`Aside from explaining what the king was doing here when the council was no supposed to meet, I'd say your hair is the biggest problem.'  
`But I'm going to cover my hair.' She walked to the group and talked to the young man. He took off his own sweater and handed it to her. She came back to Jared as she was putting it on. She then pulled out a hood and put it over her head. She tacked the rest of her hair beneath it.  
`That works.'  
`Yes, but I want to know what you are going to tell the council were they to ask as sure as they are going to.'  
`You are part of an elite group that had been given a task to infiltrate the wizards and to do whatever it takes to stop them. You discovered the plan to assassinate the king and came to the rescue right on time.'  
Wendy stared at him incredulously. `I don't think that they would believe you even if that were true.'  
`Of course not. The minute they will see you they will know the truth.'  
Suddenly Amber called. `Wendy, she's getting out of it.'  
Instead Wendy talked to Jared. `I need the carriage to be brought to the front and three horses for each of us. You also need to send out another group to clear the streets. Sidney will need to be in the trance more frequently.'  
`Give me five minute,' he said and started to go to door. He looked back and saw Wendy walking towards another body that had been on the floor. She put her right hand over it and incinerated it to dust. He wondered why she did that but he had something to do at that moment. Five minutes passed and just as Jared was about to go up the group was coming down. The young man was carrying Sidney while the woman was supporting Gorham. Wendy was coming behind them but she seemed as the only guard because she was the only one carrying a sword.  
She waited until the others had helped Gorham and his wife into the carriage then she mounted her horse. They started moving but Wendy doubled back and went to Jared.  
`Question. Why is Sidney staying at the castle?'  
`Because they are married.'  
`Wow,' Wendy said as she pulled the reigns of the horse. `I wouldn't have guessed that.' She then took off after the others. She had become an excellent rider. No wonder people were already saying that she was Diane, Jared mused.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
After making sure that Sidney was taken care for, Wendy went to check on Gorham who had insisted that he had some duties to attend to before he had a rest. Therefore he was in his office looking over some documents. The former walked in and waited until she had an audience with the king.  
`Wendy, please have a seat.'  
`Thank you, your Majesty.' She pulled up a chair and sat before him.  
`I didn't have a chance to thank you personally for saving Sidney's life.'  
`I don't deserve that given that I caused her more complications than before.'  
`You gave her a chance and that is something that Madison wouldn't have thought of.'  
`We all have our faults.'  
`Which also brings me to question why you are still here?'  
`I thought it was clear that under my supervision Sidney was going to be cared for.'  
`What I think that you are saying is that you are still here because Sidney is Victor's sister!' Wendy barely nodded her head. `But that still makes me wonder if by any chance you have thought of claiming your throne.'  
`I have thought of it but I'm not ready.'  
Gorham chuckled at that. `Stop being modest.'  
`I'm not. I just haven't finished my training and therefore am not ready to take over that much power as my crown would provide.'  
`Wendy,' Gorham stood up and walked round the table. He leaned comfortably on the table and looked at her intensely. `Nobody can tell you when you are ready to take up a throne or when your training is complete. When your father allowed you to come back, whose idea was it?'  
`Mine.' She sat straight. `I wanted to come and try to help...'  
`Did he try to stop you?'  
`Yes.'  
`As naturally as a father wanting to protect his daughter but, did he really try to stop you?'  
`No.' Wendy waited but Gorham didn't say anything. `What are you trying to say?'  
`Nothing, I just want to understand your father.' He walked back around the table. `I want to know how he thinks and I probably will figure it out with how you answer questions about him.'  
`Well, my father is a sensible man, much like you.'  
Gorham laugh softly, `That was the same way that Diane described him.' He watched her again. `You really look like her.'  `Your Majesty...'  
`No Wendy, don't take it badly that I say that. I am with Sidney and as true as the sun I do love her.'  
`Is there a but coming along?'  
`But, as I have been forced to admit it to myself, you are like my daughter and with that knowledge, I hope that you will accept my advice as I'm about to give it.'  
`If this is about Victor...'  
`Goodness no, I never advice anyone on their love life and to be frank, it's none of my business.'  
`So, what would be your business?'  
`Your interests in the crown.' Wendy shifted in her seat. `Though you do not want it yet, it is best that you protect your interests and that involves forming alliances.'  `Get to the point, please.'  
`The council is going to meet tomorrow. There's no doubt about that. I would advise you to attend.'  
`Why?'  
`Because they will be talking about you. Yes, you hid your hair when you exited the hall but there are a number of people who saw you as you rode into the city. That was after all why Jared went to the council hall. And they know that you are back which is cause for a lot of questions.'  `But I'm in the confines of your castle. My presence here is to remain a secret.'  
`You of all people should know that things don't always work out as we plan them. Furthermore, you hiding in my castle would cause a lot of suspicions on your part because I'm not in the favor of the council.'  
`Then I'll find somewhere else to live for the moment.'  
`Please don't, it's an honor to be your host.'  
`Then what do you suggest?'  
`First, stay in my castle for as long as you please. You and all of your companions. Secondly, take care of Sidney though you may not care about that, I'll be indebted to you. Thirdly, I want you to go to the council hall and present yourself. Explain what you are doing back and your intentions but I beg you to leave the part where Sidney is a wizard and has got her powers back.'  `All your intentions are of selfish reasons.' She eyed him suspiciously.  
`Yes.' He turned to look at the fire that was burning at the side of the room. `There is a lot that is going on that you have no idea of yet but in due time you will find out. On the other hand, what I ask as true as it is for selfish reasons but it is also for your benefit. I do owe Diane that.'  
`I hope you will always remember that I'm not Diane.'  
Gorham looked sharply at her. `No, I will never confuse you for her. What I think is that you will be better than her.'  
`Why would you think that?'  
`Because unlike you, Diane's life was tainted with conventions and traditions. You should do what you think is right,' Gorham was quiet for a long time that Wendy stood up and headed to the door but before she opened it, Gorham finished his sentence, `For yourself and for your people.' Wendy waited for something else but it never came.  
She went out and walked through the corridors that were so familiar to her. She had time given that Ken was the one who was watching Sidney. Should she need it, she would be taken on the trance. She could do it herself but she might get lost in her mind. She needed someone to do it in order to be able to bring her back.  
She could feel the stares on her as she passed the guards. She walked out of the castle and into the grounds where she could get a little privacy. She wondered though where Victor was at that very moment. It would take him about a week to get back but there was no definite time line anybody could refer to. She wondered a lot about what Gorham had said and knew that he was right.  
His intentions may not have been as noble as he once was but he had her best interest at heart too. She knew of the relationship that had been between Gorham and Diane but she hoped that he knew they were not the same person. On the other hand, his advice was illuminating in the fact that she now knew that to get what she may once need; she had to understand how things worked. She opted to start with how Alice was fairing on with her task.  
She looked around and saw that she was alone. She sat down on the ground and closed her eyes. At least she could still see her mother who still had a lot to tell her. She didn't know it but she was the center of attention as when she entered her mind her hair seemed to glow just as the ground did before they came back into this world.  
Someone told Gorham what was going on and when he went to see for himself he smiled.  
`Should we stop her?' one of the guards asked.  
`No, you shouldn't disturb her when she is in that state. She obviously needed the privacy and that is why she chose to go to the field.'  
`But everyone can see what is going on! It's not normal and people will talk.'  
Gorham laughed. The guards stared at him like he had lost it which probably he had given that he had hit his head very hard. He shook his mind. `She is special. I should have seen that long ago Diane.' he turned to the guard. `I want you to deliver a message for me.'  
`To whom, your Majesty?'  
`To King Nathan.' he turned back to the field. `Tell him this and quote me. If you dare lay a hand on her, you won't know what falling from grace is delicately defined as.'  
The guard stared at him. The king turned questioningly at him. `Of course your Majesty.'  
~~~~~~~~~~  
The council members were in a state of panic. They knew that Wendy was back but the reason as to why she came back was not clear. They did ask Jared but his information was scarce except for the fact that she did save the king's life. They had also heard of rumors about what had happened the previous night in Gorham's castle. The king unfortunately wasn't there to confirm or deny the claims. They had lost his favor and didn't seem likely to regain it any time soon.  
When the door opened and a white haired beauty walked in, the whole room suddenly fell into silence. The rowdiness abruptly stopped and everyone was staring at her. No one had invited her but she was there walking into the room as if she owned the hall. She stopped short.  
`I was advised to come and explain myself to you.' She looked around the curved table. At one end her eyes stopped at Nathan and turned abruptly to Alice.  
The head of the council regained his composure faster than any of the others. `You had good advice Miss Summer, but that explanation would have sufficed if it came straight from you.'  
Wendy smiled as she glanced slightly at Ken and Amber who were by her side. `Believe me when I tell you that I've tried everything to make them leave my side but my father ordered them not to do so and my father's authority surpasses mine.'  
`Your father, the wizard?'  
`Yes. His name is Henry, by the way.'  
The chancellor was left without anything to say on that issue. `We would rather have it with you alone in here.'  
`That is impossible given that they see me as being in potential danger.'  
`What danger?'  
`The weapon that killed my mother is in here with you. If you are capable of killing the queen then who am I to be an exception?'  
The chancellor looked around looking for support. He turned back and took the weapon from its holster. `I will...'  
`Allow me,' Wendy interrupted. She held out her hand and the weapon flew into her hand. She looked at it a moment then waved her other hand over it and it turned to a sword. She held it out then let go of her grip on it. It flew back to the chancellor's hands. Wendy turned slightly to her bodyguards. `You may leave now.'  
They seemed unsure but it was Amber who voiced it out. `Your father...'  
`He's not here and neither is Victor, now leave.'  
`Yes, of course,' she bowed slightly which surprised the council. They left and in the next minute the door closed behind them.  
`Miss Summer, if you will explain what you are doing back here?'  
`You speak as if I was banished from my home...' she let the words hang.  
`You were never banished though you escaped questioning by the authorities.'  
`Authorities meaning you?' No one commented on that. `I am here now. You may question me now.' She paused then looked at Nathan. `Because now, by good authority I can confirm that 
Victor Raymond is indeed a wizard.'  
`Are you trying to mock me?' Nathan asked.  
`No,' she bowed apologetically. `I simply want to show that I have nothing to hide.'  
The chancellor took over from Nathan. `If you are going to answer our questions truthfully then you may very well start with answering why you are back.'  
`I- I mean we,' she saw he questioning look on the chancellor. `My father, Victor, the others and I knew for a fact that Madison was coming on this side to increase her powers by killing those who have it.'  
`Who is this Madison?'  
`She is – was a very powerful wizard who was becoming a menace on the other world. She stayed away from this side because the minute she would have crossed over, Diane would have 
known it but with Diane dead, there was nothing keeping her away anymore.'  
`But how did you know that she would be coming here?'  
`Gorham's soon to be born child would have been powerful enough to provoke Madison's power appetite. In any case, we had to start looking for her somewhere.'  
`Why would the other wizards be concerned about an unborn child?'  
`They weren't. They needed Madison to be stopped and this was their chance.'  
`Why?'  
`Madison was getting very powerful and that scared a lot of people. She had already defied one aspect of being a wizard which is not wanting to dominate. She was going to be a danger to everyone and no one would be powerful enough to stop her.'  
`Except you.'  
Wendy chuckled at that. `You give me too much credit.'  
`Then who brought this Madison to her knees?'  
She knew she was being set up. If she answered, yes then her powers would also be feared as Madison's but if she said no, then they would know that she was lying. `It was a group effort. They wouldn't have done it without me and I wouldn't have done it without any of them. Any more questions?'  
`You mentioned Victor,' Nathan started, `Where is he?'  
`He is away for a few days but he will come back.'  
One of the elders suddenly interrupted the calm questioning. `You have any idea how many wizards we will have among us?'  
Wendy stepped back in surprise. She suddenly was angry, `What harm have the wizards ever done to you? Name one and I will asked them never to return here again.' They stared at her. `Name one,' she shouted.  
The doors opened. Ken and Amber rushed in. `Please calm down. You don't know how much damage you can cause!' Ken said. `Damage?' she asked but her voice had lowered down a notch. `I simply want to know what the wizards have ever done to wrong him so but he won't name even one reason.'  
`Then that shows he doesn't know what he's talking about. We should leave now.'  
`We aren't going anywhere!' She spun round and faced the old man. She started to walk towards him. The old man was plainly terrified. Ken looked to Amber and shrugged.  
`I am leaving,' Amber said loudly.  
`What are you talking about?' Wendy looked at her.  
`I was going to tell you that we had the permission to leave when we thought you we ready but now I can see that you are not.'  `Huh?' She was confused.  
`You cannot control your emotions at least when Victor is not around.'  
`Are you trying to insult me?'  
`I was trying to change the subject but now that I've started pointing out your faults, I think I will lay them out for you to work on them.' Wendy folded her arm before her challengingly. `You are very arrogant and you lack patience not to mention you can't follow orders.'  
`What's the proof that you have?'  
`Proof? You were told you had to eat and you throw a tantrum and refuse to eat.'  
`That was your fault...'  
`Was I supposed to hand feed you?'  
`No but nobody said I had to eat in the dining room.'  
`And patience, every time you looked at Victor everybody could tell that you were ready to rip the clothes right off his body.' Wendy suddenly flushed in embarrassment. What had she done to deserve this? `Do you want to kill me?'  
`What are you now talking about?' she was wary of this. `Who is killing who?'  `You?'  
`Ah,' she put her hand over her forehead. `Amber, can you leave this where it is and we will talk about it in private.'  
`After you finish here?' she asked.  
`Yes after I finish here,' she watched Amber make her way to the door. `And Amber, should you ever lay out my private affairs in public again, I will kill you.'  
`Understood.'  
Wendy turned to the stunned council, `Where was I?' she asked rhetorically. `Any more questions?'  
The chancellor, Aaron looked around and affirmed, there were no more questions. `Thank you Miss Wendy for your time.'  
She turned to her heels and walked out of the hall. Amber had seriously embarrassed her and from the little dignity that she had left, she walked out proudly. She found both Ken and Amber outside. `Did I really deserve that?'  
`No, but you were about to lose it in there.'  
`I suppose,' she said quietly. Her eyes went back to the entrance of the hall and saw Alice coming out. She was escorted to a carriage which was odd but that was allowed give that she was also due to deliver. If Dr Ryan agreed to come then she would be one lucky woman. Alice could feel someone watching and turned right as Wendy was looking away. `I think we should go back to Sidney now.'  
They stood up and went to their horses. Whatever Wendy thought she was going to do at the council, she was sure that she left the building with a few more enemies than she had anticipated. The good news was that she didn't think that she was certainly ready to lead a whole bunch of people.  
Amber was saying something but she hadn't heard the first part. `...As easy as it is to lose your temper, you can control it. Fire burns as water soothes.'  
`You want me to use water when I get angry?'  
`No, just envision it. It works.'  
They made their way back to Gorham's castle and found that Sidney was comfortably asleep and Gorham was the one watching her. They thought it better to leave him spend some time with his wife. There was no problem yet given that she was not in any pain. They were surprised when he came out a few minutes later yet nothing was wrong with Sidney.  
`Wendy, walk with me,' he said as he passed them. She went next to his side and walking at the same pace with him, she waited. `How did it go?'  
`It was okay.'  
`That doesn't indicate bad or good.'  
`I lost my temper at the end of it.'  
`You have to watch that.'  
`Everybody keeps telling me.'  
`You'd better listen. With your gifts you don't know how much damage you can cause and worse, it may be irreversible.'  
Wendy was quiet for awhile. She had already heard all that before. She looked around. `A lot of things have changed.'  
`Yes, you've been away for almost two years.'  
`I saw that Alice was expecting. Whose child is it?'  Gorham smiled as if in pain. `Jared's.'  `Jared and Alice?' she was astonished.  
`I was also shocked but the council did what it does best and forced them to marry.'  
`No wonder Jared has a lot of power allocated to him!'  
`Unfortunately, or fortunately according to me, Jared is a very sensible person but doesn't have that much power. He has been at least trying to reinforce the rules that Diane had put up. Alice would have been hopeless without him.'  
`She doesn't do much?'  
`Other people would claim that she is pregnant and that is why everything is slipping through her fingers but, it was also like that before she married Jared. The only thing she knows how to do is hold a party but even with that, she almost makes us go to war every time she opens her mouth to a delegate.'  
`What you are saying is that you'd rather have Jared alone holding the office than Alice?'  
`That is not what I'm saying. Jared may be capable but he still doesn't have the full powers of the office and will ever have them. Alice on the other hand has them but doesn't know what to do with it. Right now she thinks that Jared's power of the office surpasses her own but...' He turned to look at Wendy. `Walk around and see for yourself how the security in the city is declining. Then think about other places which are remote to the city and wonder how the security might be lacking.'  `What I think is that you are trying to draw me in.'  
`And what's the problem with that?' he smiled, this time genuinely. `I would have thought that you didn't want any preamble in what you are told?'  
`Okay, I will take a look around tomorrow.'  
`And another thing, you might want to consider meditating in the confines of your room.'  `Why?'  
`Your hair glows in the darkness when you meditate.'  
`I didn't know that.'  
`Now you know,' he turned and left her there.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

CHAPTER NINE
   
Alice didn't like the fact that Wendy was back much less the fact that she was quite powerful. She had asked Jared what she was doing back but like him, he never told her anything that was substantial. She was starting to hate him especially after the incident during the festival when she was not told what was going on because she was being left out deliberately. Ever since then, Jared had made Gorham's castle his headquarters and abandoned her to her castle. Not that she wasn't glad about that but now she had a bit of privacy and her relationship with Joel was progressing slowly. She found out the hard way that Joel was one of those people whose forgiveness never came easily.  
Now she decided to go speak to the only person who could understand the dilemma that she was going through. She went directly to Nathan's castle. As she rode through she could see Nathan's two little children, a boy and girl playing in the field. She was always surprised by how the latter normally kept his family life private.  
When she exited the carriage, she was taken directly to Nathan's office. It seemed to her she was expected. She went to sit down on her own waving away any help that she was offered. She laid out her predicament to Nathan and the latter listened intently to her.  
Finally he leaned back onto his chair as if in deep thought. `Why don't you go and ask 
Gorham his advice?'  
`Wendy is there, not to mention she is getting her own advice from Gorham.'  
`Whether or not that is true, Gorham is entitled to give you his advice.' Nathan's eyes were keen to note the hesitation in her. `Or is it that you are afraid of her?'  
`What?'  
`You are afraid of Wendy and though you don't want to admit it, you think that she'd be more capable to take up the crown.'  `I didn't say that.'  
`You didn't have to. The fact that you are even here proves it. You should have listened to 
Diane about not showing what you are thinking.'  
`Her daughter isn't doing well on that either.'  
`She's a fast learner. She'll get it in no time.'  
`So what you are saying is that I have no hope to retain my crown?'  
`No, what I'm telling you is that you have to get better advice from the person who is capable to give it to you. If you are afraid of meeting Wendy then have spies who can tell you if she is around or not.'  
`Gorham never supported me taking over. His advice would be that I step down.'  
`Probably but you have to show him that you have no intentions of doing that. He's a man of the people and would never support a civil war.'  
`Wendy has with her two wizards and Victor is probably on his way back.'  
`Three wizards can never match an army as big as yours. They may have incredible powers but, they still tire out like the rest of us.'  
Alice was quiet. `Why did she have to come back now and why is she not leaving?'  
Nathan watched her wondering if he should tell her. He shrugged and then started, `My spies tell me that they are more focused with Sidney. She hasn't got out of bed since the time that Wendy and the others showed up.'  
`Why? What's going on?'  
`I don't know but I was told that all three of them take turns to watch her and she is never left alone. You are better suited to find out than I am.'  
`And if it is something bad then we can use it against her.'  
Nathan shifted in his seat nervously. `I'm sorry but I cannot join you in this.'  
`What?'  
`I have my own interests to protect and whether or not you win this battle with Wendy, I want to stay on Gorham's good side. You will do this on your own.' He stood up and left her there flabbergasted. There goes her only ally. At least she had been given a place to start looking. She knew she could never persuade Nathan into joining her but she knew someone whom she still had a grasp on. Joel. He may not be much in the circles but he was bound to have heard something given that his brother used to be very close to Sidney.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Jared was caught in a position that no one would have ever wanted to be in. Everywhere he went he was being asked if it was true that Diane was alive. If he answered no, then he would have to explain the white haired replica of the late queen. If he answered yes, then he was going to be asked if she would take over again from Alice.  
There was no hiding Wendy's presence anymore. Not to mention that she was now riding towards him with the company of one of the wizards whose name he had found out was Ken. He was quiet most of the time. Jared watched as they approached. Wendy's head was covered which only highlighted the fact that she was hiding her hair. After she passed the people turned to watch her. She slowed down as she neared him. She dismounted and walked the rest of the way to him pulling the horse behind her.  
`Hallo Jared,' she said the reached out and kissed him slightly on his cheek.  
`What are you doing here?' he asked.  
`Gorham wanted me to look around and I thought that it would be best if I started where you were.' Then she laughed cheerfully. `But to be honest,' she leaned forward and whispered, `I think he wanted to get rid of me because I remind him so much of Diane.'  
`Anybody can understand that.'  
She punched him slightly, `I was kidding.' She walked to the table that was before Jared. `So, what are you doing here?' She looked at the map.  
`I'm trying to see if the defenses on the city are strong enough.'  
`Gorham told me that the security was getting slack. What I want to know is how are the country side people coping with all the changes?'  
`As far as I've heard, they are okay.'  
`As far as you've heard?' she looked at him skeptically. `You are supposed to keep abreast of the on goings within the plantations. Who arrests the thieves?'  
`What thieves?'  
`The thieves who steal from other people's farms. There is always someone stealing from another. I grew up in a farm, I know.'  
`Well, there have not been any thieves...' he hesitated before he finished, `Caught.'  
`You should work on that. They are the ones who provide food for the rest of us and we want them happy doing what they do best.' She looked over the map. Jared couldn't help but study her instead. She was intensely looking over the map. `Here, here and here,' she pointed then looked at Jared. `There used to be stations in those parts. If I remember correctly. You should send someone to check on them and you probably need to circulate them if they are not doing any work.'  
`Will do.'  
Wendy was quiet as if in deep thought. She looked round and saw a carriage. `Whose carriage is that?'  
`Don't know.'  
`I need to borrow if for a few hours.'  
`Why?'  
`Victor is back and has brought with him a visitor who I don't think will be comfortable on a horse's back.'  
`If you don't mind me accompanying you...'  
Wendy thought about it thinking that Jared had better things to do but she knew it would be good for Dr Ryan to meet a friendly face. She laughed at that then waved to him to follow them. Jared had someone drive the carriage as the rest of them got on the horses.  
It was a reasonably long ride but eventually they got to where they were heading to. From some distance away, they could see two figure walking and a horse at one end. They went closer and Wendy could make out Victor's figure and Dr Ryan. She went and dismounted before them.  
`Miss Wendy, a pleasure to see you again,' he said as he hugged her.  
`Well, Dr Ryan, I can't possibly try to start explaining to you how happy I am to see you here. You did come willingly, didn't you?'  
`Of course. I was very curious as to where you come from...' his voice trailed as he looked around. `The air is even fresher than in the mountains back home. Wendy, did you know that we are in an alternate universe?' he asked excitedly.  
`Yes, yes, Dr Ryan, now please meet these friends of mine,' Wendy said as she pointed to Ken and Jared. She had forgotten the fact that Ken was a wizard and almost shouted but a hand held her shoulder. She looked round and her eyes met with Victor's.  
He leaned down to her and whispered in her ear, `The rules don't apply here.'  
He straightened up back Wendy couldn't help it when her mind started whirling with thoughts. `Oh my god!' she exclaimed, `Amber was right.'  
Victor was confused. Wendy was staring at him strangely and then she suddenly turned and was heading away. `Amber was right about what?' The former refused to look at him. He turned questioningly to Ken but he was beaten to it by her. She gave him a stern look. Ken shrugged his shoulders.  
`We should be heading back. It will be dark soon.'  
`Wendy,' he called. She looked at him with a blank expression on her face. `Never mind.' He went back to his horse. Dr Ryan was opened for the carriage door and she was surprised at how comfortable it really was. As they passed the houses, he was stunned. Architecturally they were a bit advanced but their mode of transportation was still the most basic one. The carriage was eventually drawn into a large compound. He looked out and could see the massive building that seemed to be the center of all the activity. The door was opened for him and he found that everyone else was already on the ground.  
They walked into the building. Victor and Jared were at the lead. Wendy was walking next to him and Ken was behind them. Then a guard as he now was aware of the attire approached them. He went straight to Wendy, `Miss Summer, the king would like to see you.'  
`Now?'  
`Whenever it is appropriate with you.'  
They went up the stairs and Dr Ryan now knowing that they had to follow Victor was suddenly tugged aside. He watched as Ken passed them while the others kept walking. Another door was opened for them and they walked into a single room. There was a desk in front of them and a middle aged man was sitting alone in the room. They walked until the table where the man looked up and Wendy curtsied. Dr Ryan quickly assumed that this was the king and he therefore bowed deeply to the ground and almost seemed to be bending.  
The man stood up and held out his hand for them. `Your Majesty, this is Dr Ryan. Dr Ryan, this is King Gorham. One of the kings of our people.'  
`A pleasure to meet you, your Majesty.'  
`Same here,' he turned to Wendy. `Alice came to see me,' He sat down and waved them both to sit down. `I don't like that she is assuming that I am helping you. Not to mention she is already talking about a civil war.'  
`She's already thinking of fighting me?'  
`Apparently you were not clear enough in the council meeting...'  
`I told you that it went okay.'  
`Let me make myself clear so that you also know this. I am not going to have us go into a civil war. The two of you need to settle things in a civilized way but I should advice you to quit when you think that you cannot handle the power.'  
`I assume that you told her the same thing?'  
Gorham sighed. `Wendy, I want you to know that I will support you if you are to be sworn in. And personally I think that the crown belongs to you. Unfortunately Alice is determined not to let go.'  
`But I told you that I'm not interested.'  
`I'm afraid that you will realize too late that this is what you want.' The door opened and Victor walked in. He headed to the table where everyone was assembled. `Victor, can you make Wendy see there is no sense in what she is saying.'  
`And what is she saying?'  
`I'm sorry, will you excuse me?' she got up bowed and then left.  
Gorham and Victor stared at each other. `What is going on between the two of you?' Gorham asked.  
`Nothing.'  
The former looked at him skeptically, `That can't explain why she suddenly turned nervous when you entered the room.'  
`She started acting strange when we met today.'  
`You are still training her, so whatever it is, let it not go into the training.'  
`Yes sir,' he turned and he also left the room. The only reason that he went there in the first place was because he knew she would be there. Now that she wasn't there, there was no point.  
`I'm sorry Dr Ryan; it's just that some things always need to be solved at that particular time.'  `I understand, your Majesty.'  
`Please, when we are in the confines of privacy I am no longer a royalty. I remember reading something about you.'  
Ryan raised his eyebrows in surprise. He didn't realize that he was a celebrity in this world. 
`Where?'  
`In Diane's diary. We have a custom here that when a queen dies I read their diary.'  
`How many people have read the diary?'  
`Many, but I tore the part about you and burnt it in the fire.' he answered knowing where he was going with the questioning.  
`Why?' Dr Ryan couldn't believe it. He thought he was famous but he was not.  
`Well, doctor, in Diane's diary she referred to you as a healer given that we do not have the term doctor in our language. And according you with such status your must have really impressed her.'  
`I was just doing my job.'  
`Don't be modest doctor, I'm surrounded by wizards and modesty is not one of their traits. I am used to everyone bragging now and then.'  
`Very well then, I did impress her.'  
Gorham smiled. `I only hope that you will not cut Sidney open.'  
`Not unless it is necessary which I doubt will be.'  
The king was quiet for awhile before he asked, `Why did Henry pick you? From what I've heard, he really loved Diane.'  
`Loved is an understatement. He really adored her but I doubt that she felt the same way about him.'  
`What made you assume that?'  
`She would be lost in her thoughts and Henry would find her like that and he would leave as if he had a broken heart. It was a long time ago. So, I really can't remember much except that Henry's servants had never seen that side in him which scared them more than his normally stern self.'  
`So he's a good person?'  
`I suppose one can say that but he has his own set of rules that he rarely diverts from.' Ryan watched him. `Why are you so interested in him?'  
`Everybody keeps telling me that I remind them of him or I'm like him. Even Diane.'  
`You do resemble him in build but you are older of course by a few years. You may seem like him in how you view issues but that takes time to note.'  
`Okay, back to what brought you here. You will stay within my castle. If you are to go out then you will need a guard assigned to you by Wendy, Victor or Jared to accompany you. You are to refer to your patient as only my wife should anybody ask which somebody is bound to. If you are asked where you come from, just tell them you are from far away.'  
`Am I in some sort of danger?'  
`Not when you are under my protection. Another thing, if anybody seems too interested in you, then you should inform Victor.'  
`Not you?'  
`Victor is more capable to keep abreast with what is going on around than I am. Naturally, my name is supposed to keep the bad people away but Victor is the one who will know which group is which. I should also inform you that you can tour around the city until Sidney will deliver, then after that you can stay here or even tour the outskirts and other kingdoms should you choose.'  
`That is very generous of you.'  
`Regarding your payment...'  
`Already taken care of.'  
`By whom?'  
`Half by Henry, the other half by Victor.'  
`So you came here fully paid for services that you have not even rendered?'  
`That is just the way it works.'  
`You don't trust them?'  
`On the contrary, they are the only people I do trust in business. They deal that way because sometimes they disappear for years and they do not want to do that when they are still in debt.'  
`So they also trust you?'  
`I suppose that is a yes.'  
`But how much is your pay when it requires two people to pay your fee?'  
`They not only pay for my services but for privacy and the background of the story I am to tell other people. And a lot of other things.'  
`I would have felt better if there was some way that I could pay you.'  
`I am staying in a castle and in the company of a king, that is payment enough for a simple peasant as myself.'  
Gorham stood up and Ryan took it that they were now ready to see the patient. `My castle is not as big as Alice's so I doubt if you will get lost. In case you are, you can always ask anyone where to go. People are helpful here.' They walked through the corridors as Gorham explained the functions of most of the rooms. At least the ones that he knew their functions. Eventually they got to Gorham's room which was now turning into one of the public rooms. He found Ken and Amber there. 
`Where's Victor?'  
`He's looking for Wendy.' Amber answered.  
`What is going on between them?' Gorham hopefully fished.  
`The usual your Majesty,' Amber said as she shrugged. They let Dr Ryan have a look at Sidney. Gorham watched with a lot of interest. He remembered bits of what Diane had said in her diary. But what surprised him was when Sidney woke up. She looked curiously at Ryan then seemed to realize who he was and closed her eyes seemingly very relaxed.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Victor had gone to Amber to ask her what she had told Wendy to make the latter afraid of him. Of course Amber laughed at the way he had put it but she did not offer any other explanation. The only thing she did explain was why she was not telling him and that was because Wendy had sworn to kill her if she ever repeated the words to anyone.  
He went to Wendy's room knowing that she would be there. He knocked on the door but the knob opened halfway then stopped. `Who is it?' Wendy called out.  
`It's me,' he waited for the door to open but it didn't. `It's Victor.'  
`What do you want?'  
`To talk to you.'  
`You can't come in.'  
`Fine, how about you come out then.'  
He waited but the door still did not open. `I'll meet you in the ballroom in five minutes.'  
Victor was about to object but thought better of it. `Five minutes.' Five minutes he was pacing about in the ballroom. Wendy came in about a minute after the five. She seemed more herself than she was earlier. She stopped a few steps before him and waited. `What did Amber tell you about me?'  
`It wasn't about you.'  
`Because you need to understand that it was a long time ago and it ended years ago.'  `What ended?'  
`Didn't Amber tell you that we dated?'  
`You dated Amber?'  
`I guess that was not it,' he wished he hadn't said it.  `How come you didn't tell me?'  `You never asked,' Victor countered.  
`I should have known, the way that you were always siding with her.'  `I can't believe this.'  
`That you were naturally inclined to side with your ex-girlfriend?'  
`That you think there is something between me and Amber.' He paused. `Yes we went out but it was only because we had nothing better to do. There was no attraction and no passion between us.'  
`Then why were you going out?'  
`Because we were age-mates and to be honest we were just experimenting on things.'  `Right!' She retorted sarcastically.  
`If you didn't know, Amber is now with Ken and she really likes him.' Victor stared at her. 
She had nothing to say. `Are you going to tell me what Amber told you?'  
`No, it's embarrassing even if I think about it.'  
`Well, then,' he removed something from his pocket. It was a small box wrapped with a ribbon. He handed it to her. As she was removing the ribbon, he said, `I would have given it to you sooner but you were avoiding me.' She laughed softly and opened the box. In a soft cushion there was something like small thin chain with an ornament hanging from it. She pulled it out. `It's an anklet.' Wendy raised her eyebrow. `I was thinking more in the terms of what you could put on every day. And since I have never actually seen you putting on jewelry, I figured nobody would be looking at your legs.'  
`Except you?' she smiled at him.  
He looked away slightly abashed. `I- guess that's true.'  
`Then would you do me the honor,' she handed him the anklet and went to sit down. He followed her and when she put her right leg over her left and raised the hem of the skirt she was wearing. He got on his knees. He put the anklet on her ankle but instead of letting go he passed his hand over her leg as he admired her skin then found himself looking up at her. She was holding her breathe.  
`I love it,' she could barely hear herself.  
He reached to her face and tacked her hair behind her ear. He moved closer to her and barely an inch from her lips he whispered, `and I love you.‟ Her lips were warm, full and moist. He could feel the heat rising within him as he deepened the kiss. How he wished he could do this every time he saw her. She suddenly thrust her tongue in his mouth and moaned. She came down to him and pressed her body on his. Oh god please! He shouted in his thoughts.  
`Victor,' someone called from far away. He tried to stop but every time he pulled away he wanted her more. `Victor,' the voice sounded much closer.  
`Wendy,' Victor called then pulled suddenly away from her. He didn't see the questioning look from Wendy. He turned back to her and realized that they were both panting. `I have to go,' he said then brushed her lips again then stood up and helped her up.  
`Victor, Sidney is asking for you. Amber is about to take her back into the trance.'  
It was Ken's voice. Then he wasn't imagining it. `I'll be right there.' But Ken was waiting for him. It seemed reasonable to him since he knew what Victor was going through. He realized that the person that they needed to watch was Victor since he was now so vulnerable around Wendy. Victor looked up at the former. Ken gestured something and Victor sighed. He turned to Wendy. 
`Goodnight.'  
`Goodnight to you too,' she replied before he walked away.  
They walked through the corridors for a long time with none of them talking but Victor could feel Ken's eyes on him. `It's a wonder Henry let you stay around his daughter!'  
`What are you talking about?'  
`You can't keep it hidden for long, your passion for her and Henry should have known it.'  `I gave him my word.'  
`That is not the point Victor; you were going to have her right there on the floor if I hadn't interrupted.'  
`You can't be sure I wouldn't have been able to stop.'  
`No, I can't but I can tell you the next time you find yourself alone with her in the room there is no escaping what will happen next. Unfortunately, once you cross that line, you can never go back.'  
`What do you mean?'  
`I mean that once you commit to her then you will never be able to look at her differently than that. You have to be sure that she does love you.'  
`Are you speaking from experience, Ken?'  
`Not personally.'  
`Then I should tell you that I can take care of myself and I don't need you to come checking up on me.'  
When they entered everyone's eyes turned to him. They could see the slightly frazzled Victor but none of them said anything. They just assumed that it was because of what Sidney had told them a few seconds earlier. When Madison had died, her powers were divided between them but for Sidney, she didn't have her powers and so the new ones just took over the empty space but for Victor, it was different. He had his own powers and therefore the ones that he got were additional ones. He would need time to adjust to them but he had to do so on his own. Now that they all knew that they didn't want to hint at anything like that. Like Sidney had said, he had to find out on his own.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
To everyone who was on Gorham's staff, the attention that Sidney was receiving was a bit unnecessary but they put up with it anyway. It was until now she was in her labor pains that the castle turned into chaos. The healer that they had brought was ordering one thing to be brought after another and though the midwives were ready at the call, he preferred to have Wendy and the other girl, Amber as his assistants. The men were left out to hear Sidney's screams from afar. The healer had told Gorham that he could stay in the room but their traditions were always that the man be called after the birth.  
Finally the door opened and the healer came out. He looked happily at Gorham, `You have a boy...' he saw the relieved face on Gorham before he added, `And a girl.'  `Twins,' he asked in shock.  
`Yes. Sidney had asked me not to tell you.' He stepped away from the door. `She's asking to see you.' Then Gorham's face turned to happiness after the shock of having twins wore off. He went in without another word and found that Wendy was rocking one baby back and forth while the other one was quietly suckling on Sidney's breast. Sidney looked up at him with a smile on her face. She looked so tired but happy.  
Gorham went next to her and sat on the bed, `How are you feeling?'  
`Tired and happy.'  
`How come you didn't tell me you were going to have twins?'  
`I didn't know until Dr Ryan had come. I wanted it to be a surprise. Wait, do you have a 
tradition saying that having twins is a curse?' she asked worriedly.  
Gorham laughed, `No.' He looked at the baby then almost as if the baby sensed his presence, he turned toward him but couldn't see him since his eyes weren't opened yet. He let go of the breast and Sidney handed him to Gorham. Wendy walked over to her and gave her the little girl who screaming at her. Immediately she was put on the breast the screams stopped.  
Wendy and Amber left them in private and going out they found their respective men waiting. The former not caring anymore, put her arm around Victor, `They are beautiful,' she said in his ear.  
`I doubt they'd be anything compared to yours.' Wendy pulled back and looked at him. Was he proposing something? She couldn't tell.  
Then Ken interrupted. `Are you waiting for an invitation to see your nephew and niece?' He was walking in with Amber. Victor shook his head and followed them in though his hand was still holding Wendy's.  
~~~~~~~~~~~~  
Alice's castle was no longer a fun place to be in given that her mood swings were drastic and her paranoia about Wendy taking over was getting onto everyone's nerves. They had somehow relaxed that Wendy was not aiming at the crown, at least not yet. Unfortunately that never calmed Alice one bit. She was always questioning the guards on where their loyalties lie. Everyone was getting tired about that.  
Then she saw Jared heading out. `Where are you going?'  
He stopped and looked at her like she had lost her mind. She never inquired where he went at night. `I'm going to Gorham's castle.'  
`To continue plotting with Wendy on how to overthrow me from my throne.'  `To see Sidney's babies.'  
`Babies?'  
`Yes, she just delivered twins. A boy and a girl.'  
`And why wasn't I told?'  
`You are not really a friend of the family and you are not in any condition to go see them tonight.'  
`Who sent you the news?'  
`Wendy Summer,' he said the first name that came to mind but in actual sense, Martin had sent him the word. He had been keeping tabs on Sidney for awhile now. He saw the frown on Alice's face. `Is there anything else that you may need?'  
Alice shook her head. He continued on to head to the door. The journey to Gorham's castle was supposed to be a short one but then it seemed that everyone was heading there. Apparently he wasn't the first one to find out. He went into the castle and found that the other people were waiting downstairs. He went up and found Martin in a queue.  
`This is strange,' Jared said as he looked at the long queue.  
`It was the healer's idea. He didn't want people crowding in the room.'  
`Still,' Jared laughed. `Why didn't you just look for Wendy? She would have gotten you in.'  
`Why would she do that?'  
Jared always had to remind himself that Martin had no idea that Wendy was his half-sister. He might have suspected like everyone else but because Jared had never confirmed it, he left it at that. But then to Jared it was also a suspicion and he had never heard it from anyone worth taking their word. „Wait here, I'll go find her.' He found Wendy with the rest of the group in the dining room. He approached her. `Can I talk to you in private?'  
`Of course,' she stood up. They went to the end of the room. `What is it?'  
`Martin is waiting in line to see Sidney's children, yet he is very close to Sidney.'  
`So why are you telling me?'  
`He is very close to Sidney and considers her as his only family.' He paused slightly then added, `Unless you are willing to admit that he is wrong.'  
Wendy looked at him sharply. `I don't like what you are insinuating. Nonetheless, he should come and wait in here with us given that both Sidney and the babies are asleep.'  
Jared left her and went to get Martin who was taken aback by the request. It was going to be a bit comfortable for him but he opted to get to know the group that was now the center of Sidney's well-being. When he got there he was surprised at the wizards being very much like everyone else. They were talking about the same thing that was on everyone's lips but he was drawn more to Wendy. He suspected, like everyone else that she was his half-sister and had even suggested the same thing to Joel who could not allow himself to think that.  
To his brother, Wendy being their half-sister was probably the reason that their mother didn't love them as much. Also being around Alice, his thoughts about Wendy were being poisoned. He refused to accept the possibility but Martin having the chance to now establish that fact, did not fret about being seen staring. At one point she caught him but she looked away calmly as if she was used to that happening all the time. Then Victor stood up but caught the table for some time.  
`Are you alright?' Wendy asked sounding very worried.  
`Just a little tired,' he said then looked at her. `I need to rest now.' He started to walk away but his hand brushed her hair slightly and in a quick motion that if no one was watching, they wouldn't have noticed. After Victor left, Martin was surprise at the turn where he was now the center of attention. Sometimes when he would not have an answer to their questions, Wendy would jump in and help out. Unfortunately everything that she did seemed to confirm his suspicions.  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
Where was Victor? Wendy asked herself over and over again. She hadn't seen him since the previous night. She had been so busy like the rest of the people in the house that she hadn't had a moments rest. Apparently, since now Sidney was up, she wanted to stay anywhere but her room. So, everyone was downstairs except for the guards that were still monitoring the halls upstairs.  
Wendy was going to her room but suddenly stopped in front of Victor's room. She hesitated before she knocked but there was no reply. She touched the knob, turned and pushed. The room was dark and silent. She stepped into the room and looked around. Immediately she could tell that Victor was still sleeping on the bed. She went to him and sat down on the bed.  
`Victor,' she called but he didn't stir. She felt his forehead and he was burning up. `Oh Victor,' she gasped. She wondered if she should leave but thought that if Victor did wake up and needed something he might be too weak to go out. She took off her shoes and slipped into the bed with him. `I'm here Victor, don't you worry about a thing.' She put her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes.  
A few hours later she woke up. She was disoriented for a minutes before she remembered that she was in Victor's bed. `Victor?' she called in a soft voice so that if he was still asleep, she wouldn't wake him. She turned and her eyes met Victor looking at her.  
`I'm here,' he answered. He didn't take his eyes off her. `Are you lost, Wendy?'  
`Why do you ask?'  
`You are in my bed.'  
`Oh! I'll just...' she started to get up.  
But Victor pushed her gently back down. `No, I don't want you to go anywhere.' She relaxed back down. `I wanted to know what you were doing here.'  
`I wanted to see if you were feeling alright since you've been sleeping since yesterday.'  
`I'm fine Wendy.'  
`You were burning up when I felt you.'  
`Just a fever but its passing.' She took her hand up to feel his forehead again but he caught it and took it to his lips. He closed his eyes as he felt her hand then opened them again. She was curiously watching him. `I need you to do me a favor. I need you to turn on the light. I want to see you.'  
`But you can see me in this light.'  
`Better,' he waited. She was going to stand up but again he pushed her down. `Do it from here.' She turned patiently and looked at the lantern at one side and the flame sprout up then turned to the other and again it sprouted up.  
She turned back to him. `I can't tell if you are just testing me or...'  
`I just want to see you.' he caressed her face then her neck. His fingers went over her chest barely pressing then he began to untie the ribbons at the front. Her chest was quickening in the rise and fall but he pulled one ribbon at a time and finally he was on the last one. She was still on her back unable to move. He pulled her blouse apart gently and she could feel the cold air on her breasts.  
He stared for awhile the touched them as if afraid. He looked up at her. She had caught her breathe. His eyes were smoldering with the heat of desire. She put her hand over his and squeezed. Then his hand slipped away from hers and went down to the waist. He caressed her slightly then went lower and started pulling the skirt up. His hand finally touched her bare warm skin. He pushed the skirt higher up her thigh. His hand slipped between her legs and his fingers were combing the small forest of hair.  
She wondered why she wasn't embarrassed and told herself that it was natural. She was aching for him and this was the only way that she could cure that ache. Then his finger touched a sensitive part and she gasped. She looked at him with surprise and anticipation. He continued fondling with her until he felt his finger become wet then he pulled his hand away and lay back on the bed.  
That can't be it! She almost shouted but she didn't open her mouth. She knew there was more to it than that as she still felt quite unsatisfied. Her head turned to him and saw that he had closed his eyes. She wondered what to do but couldn't think of anything better than to continue removing her clothes and... Remove his own. She pushed herself upright and then swung her leg astride him. His eyes opened suddenly and in panic but didn't react.  
She removed what was left of her blouse and then pulled the skirt over her head. She pulled his shirt towards the upper part of his body and he raised his arms as she removed it. She was left staring at his bare chest. She touched it and found that it was as hard as always but this time, she was touching his skin. He was still burning up as before but he had said it was passing. She leaned toward him and kissed his lips lightly and found that it was deepening. Victor suddenly turned her over and she was on her back again but this time he was on top of her.  
His hand was caressing her as the other hand supported his weight. Then he was fumbling with the belt on his trouser. His mouth never leaving hers, he managed to loosen it and pushed it impatiently down. Wendy pushed it the rest of the way down with her legs. And finally, there was nothing between them. Victor stopped the kissing all of a sudden and pushed her back down as her lips sought him.  
She looked at him questioningly then she felt it enter her body. He went in slowly and every time that she winced in pain, he would stop. Finally he was fully in. he pulled back and thrust again. He did so until she felt the pain had abated, then she felt something new. Her hands clenched and unclenched on his back as he kept thrusting. She found her body following his rhythm unwillingly and her leg tightened around his waist. Then she couldn't keep her moans quiet and could hear herself gasping.  
`Oh,' she said. But why wasn't he stopping? She wondered. He was going to kill her. She arched her back involuntarily. This could not possibly be normal, she thought. Something was happening. A warm glow started between her legs and spread to the rest of her body before she convulsed in pure pleasure. She cried out and grasped Victor so hard that he was sure to have a bruise. Then Victor pulled out of her and grabbed his shirt and covered himself with and closed her eyes as if he was going through his own climax. He collapsed on the bed next to her.  
After a long time he whispered, `Thank you.'  
She pulled herself up and kissed his lips before she also said, `Thank you too.' They fell asleep again exhausted.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
There was a party going on downstairs and as usual or as expected, Nathan and Alice were there. They were all waiting for the names to be given. Unfortunately, Sidney was demanding that Wendy be present which stunned other people. She was to be the godmother to the child but she was not there. First Amber was sent to find her, but when she asked the guards upstairs where she had disappeared to they pointed to Victor's room. She almost budged in but she remembered the time that Wendy had gone up claiming to be tired. She turned around and went back to report that she didn't find her.  
Ken was sent next and like Amber, she came back and reported that he didn't find her. Sidney was getting frustrated and therefore sent Jared and he couldn't come back until he had found her. Jared unlike the other when he was pointed to where Wendy had headed to, he went and opened the door. He stopped short in surprise, then amazement then he was hit with unbelief. On the bed was Victor with his body facing upward and over half his body was obviously Wendy with the white hair spread over her bare back. There was no guessing what had happened because it was so obvious. 
Wendy stirred slightly then she settled down again. Jared closed the door and went back downstairs. 
He now knew why the others were coming back and saying that they didn't find her.  
As he approached Sidney, she looked at him expectantly. `Well?'  
Jared leaned down to her. `She is busy Mrs. Storm.'  
`What do you mean by she is busy?' she asked in a normal voice.  
`She is with Victor.' he could see the next question in her eyes. `In bed!'  
It dawned on her what he was talking about then the stubborn nature came back. `I don't care whether you have to drag her out but she better be down here in the next fifteen minute.'  
Gorham heard the commotion and came to inquire what was happening. `Has Wendy refused to join the party?'  
`I wish it was as simple as that,' she was saying in the same normal voice. `But everybody I send doesn't have the guts to tell her to come down.'  
`Then I'll go.' Jared stared at him then back to Sidney.  
She smiled, `Do tell her to hurry up then.'  
Something had aroused Wendy from her sleep and knew she had to go downstairs. She had completely forgotten about the party that Sidney and Martin had planned. She slipped her skirt on and put on her blouse but she didn't do up the ribbons. She just held it closed and ran out of the room. She slipped into her room and went to pour some cold water on herself. There was a knock at the door just as she was finishing up.  
`Yes,' she called out.  
`Wendy,' Gorham's voice. She stopped short. `Are you coming to join us in the party or not?'  `I'll be there in a minute.'  
`Hurry up. Sidney is losing her patience.'  
She hurried up and ran out of the room. She skidded to a halt just as she entered the room. Everyone stared at her. She straightened her wet hair then walked calmly into the room. She went up to Sidney.  
`I'm sorry, I completely forgot,' she said as she picked up the boy.  
`We made these plans yesterday. How can you forget?'  `I don't know,' she tickled the baby. `I must be getting old.'  `Where's Victor?' she asked without any warning.  
`Asleep,' she answered then realized her mistake. She looked at Sidney and saw that she knew. So much for having a secret affair. `So what are their names?' She changed the subject.  
`Julius and Jane.'  
`No last name?' they had the others attention.  
`We talked and came to an agreement that the one who doesn't take the crown will have the last name of Storm.'  
`So Gorham agreed to have a girl inherit his throne.'  
`If she's bright and she wants to, of course but he'd rather have the boy takes it.'  
`It will be a tough choice with the both of you bright; your children will be brilliant.'  `They'd better be.'  
`So they will called Julius and Jane Storm.'  
`And their godmother is called Wendy Summer.'  
`Oh!' she exclaimed. `I read about that. I get to be like their cool second mother?'  `Yes.'  
Wendy twirled the baby before realizing that the crowd was watching her. She was about to return him when she saw him smile. `I think this one will be a guard in the royal army.'  
`Then the girl will be the first female king?'  
`Or you can just call her Queen Jane and the boy will be Julius Storm.'  `Is that a prophesy?' someone asked in the crowd.  `No, I'm just giving my opinion.'  
`Which she shouldn't give in public,' Gorham said. He put a hand on her shoulder and she felt her energy drain away. Step back wide eyed at Gorham then collapsed on the ground. The people's eyes turned to her and the soft murmurs began. Sidney put the baby down without taking her eyes off Wendy who started to sob.  
Amber approached her, `what is it Wendy?'  
`He's going to die,' she answered before the flood of tears burst from the large hazel eyes.  
Sidney got up from her chair and spoke directly to Amber, `Take her to her room. She is going to spoil the party for everyone else.'  
Amber pulled Wendy up and turned her to lead her to her room but she suddenly turned back to Sidney. `Don't you understand, he's going to die.'  
`Who?' the former walked towards the other.  
`Victor,' she whispered. Sidney faltered in her step.  
`You cannot be sure that it is him that is going to die.'  
Wendy wiped the tears from her cheeks before she answered, `Who else would you have Gorham preside a funeral over if not for your...'  
But before she finished, Sidney stopped her by putting her finger on her lips. `I believe you.' she went and put her hand over her shoulders, `but you have to go to your room now.' She signaled to Amber again and the latter came to take Wendy's hand. The former stared unbelievably at her then started to scream in frustration.  
She pushed Amber away from her but the small gesture which was supposed to enable her escape from her clutch turned to be a combination of her strength and the wind attribute which pushed Amber a greater distance than anybody would have thought possible. She went back to where Sidney was standing.  
She ordered, `You are not going to let him die.'  
`There is nothing that I can do.'  
`And what can you do?'  
	`Nothing...'  	 
`Don't you dare lie to me,' she shouted. `When Madison died I saw her powers part to you too, as well as Victor. So, don't you dare tell me that there's nothing that you can do!' Her eyes widened in rage.  
`There is nothing...' Wendy turned and tried to slap her but she caught the former's hand and pulled her to her body. Their bodies barely touching, she finished her statement. `I can do.' She pushed her back and with a combination of a blow and a kick. Wendy fell back weak. Sidney stood up straight from the posture she had attained. The whole hall was quiet. `Take her to her room until I say otherwise.'  
`But your highness, she has unimaginable power. How can we possibly restrain he...?’ 
`Until I say otherwise,' she ordered and stared at Ken who had seemed to be reluctant but quickly opted to obey her. Wendy was led away from the hall which had been descended upon by silence. She turned to Jared who was standing close by throughout the whole thing. `Send everyone home, I need to talk to my husband.'  
She stood there in silence as the groups exited the hall until only half of them remained who were uneager to leave. She went and sat by Gorham who had been watching in silence. `I'm sorry.'  
`For what?'  
`They know now that I'm a wizard.'  
`It wasn't your fault. Wendy gave you away before you did.'  
`But I acted rash.'  
Gorham looked at his son who seemed to have witnessed the exchange then he looked back at Sidney. `Is Victor really going to die?'  
`I don't think that there is any doubt now,' then she gave in to the grief and went to her knees putting her head on Gorham's knees. `I'm going to lose my only family.'  
`That's not true,' he brushed her hair to the back. `I am also your family and we have two adorable children and not to forget Martin and Joel.'  
`But he's been my brother for the last two hundred years. There's nothing that can replace that.'  
`I'm not trying to replace him.' He kept quiet as he thought. `You can't be sure that what 
Wendy says is true. Victor can't surely be dying.'  
Sidney looked up at him with tears in her eyes. `She just slept with him. She now has a strong connection to him.' she ignored the surprise on Gorham's face at the frankness of the talk. `Whatever she felt, heard or saw was because of the connection. Whether it will happen the possibility has been narrowed because I know that he has accepted it.'  
`But why then did you send Wendy away if you knew she was right?'  
`Because if she'd seen me crying like this it would have destroyed her. I am nothing to her but I am also something great in her eyes.' she paused then sat back on her bent legs. `Wendy needs someone she can share her pain with but she also need to see someone rise from that pain and move on with life. For that I will cry only when my brother dies.'  
`Why do that when the pain you have is so great?'  
`Because I now take my brother's place in caring for Henry's daughter. I have no choice in that matter.' She wiped the tears away. `I have to give her hope for the moment and comfort her when all hope is gone.' She stood up and went to the crib and picked up the girl. One of her nurses went to pick the boy. `God knows I also need the hope!' she said as she passed him.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
The council as usual met the following day to discuss the previous day's events. All of them had been invited to the party which after all was a public affair. They went there expecting something to happen between Alice and Wendy but they got a more shocking outcome. It would have been frightful if Wendy had the gift to know the future but she didn't, or at least they didn't think so. Nathan and Alice were invited to the council meeting but they were given the option of backing down from the request. Unfortunately anything concerning Wendy Summer was a priority to both royalties though Nathan seemed to pretend otherwise.  
They were now in the large hall seated on the curved table and talking to one another before the meeting officially began. Then Chancellor Aaron opened up the meeting starting with the preliminaries which was why he had called the meeting.  
`...My fellow council members and your Majesties, I do not know if we should in fact fear Wendy Summer or not given that I do not have enough information regarding the full extent of her powers.'  
The current vice chancellor asked, `What do you know then?'  
`That regarding her natural nature to be able to manipulate the elements, she can control all six. Some of the wise men have been asked what would be the outcome of such a union as the one that Diane had had with this Henry and they came up with countless possibilities.'  
`Then what you are telling us is that Wendy is something beyond this world?'  
Aaron avoided to answer that question and continued on to report what he knew. `They all agree that she, as she has lived this long, is something more of a wizard than anything else. Though they all agreed that she may not have the constraints of other wizards...'  
`Meaning that if she wanted to dominate, she can very well do so?' It was a rhetorical question. They looked at the fear in each other’s eyes.  
Nathan intervened, `We have already been through this issue several times before. I think now we should focus more on what happened yesterday.'  
`Yes, I was wondering if she could see the future.' Another member asked.  
Aaron looked around. `I have been told that Victor Raymond is quite sick and it doesn't seem that any of the wizards can do anything for him.' he paused, `It may very well be anyone who would have been saying that Victor is going to die or it may be the work of her deluded mind to tell us of this inevitable death then what will happen next is that she will claim to have healed him.'  `So you are saying that all this is all for show?' Alice asked.  
`Think about it. Now we are suspecting that she can see the future, in the next few days we will see her as being able to heal whatever ailments anybody has. If word got out she may very well be worshiped in a week or so and all this with one perfect stroke.'  
Alice leaned back in her seat defeated. The other council members discussed the point of view of their head. But it was Nathan as always who came up with something sensible to counter back. `Then if it was all an act. What possible reason would she have to portray Sidney Storm as a wizard?'  
From the look of their faces, they hadn't remembered that aspect of the events the previous night. `We have no evidence to prove that Sidney Storm is a wizard.'  
`What proof would you have if the only person who could confirm it, is dead and the other is consorting with the wizards?' Nathan asked but he couldn't help a bit of spite slip from his words.  
`We don't have evidence.'  
Alice had been thoughtful. `The only evidence you need is the reason why the wizards were taking care of Sidney from the time that they arrived.'  
`So you are suggesting that Gorham married a wizard under our very noses?' Aaron asked but didn't wait for an answer as he continued to make his own observation. `What happened to wizards not dominating? Would she have accepted the marriage proposal if she was a wizard?'  
Another old man chipped in, `There was something that the late Diane had said before she died. That she did not see why she had to continue on hating the wizards when everything happened a long time ago. Truth be told she adjusted to her surrounding as expected from humans and it frightens me to say this also,' he hesitated before he added, `I think that some of the wizards may have found a way to overcome their shortcomings. Take the reason why Wendy and Victor came back, the wizard Madison, she wanted power, something that went against her supposed nature and maybe now we may also have a second example.' He looked at Nathan expectantly but didn't stop there.  
`When King Nathan came to us that the woman was controlling Gorham we thought that maybe it was part of his strange plans to get ahead but now with hindsight,' he sighed. `We should have done away with the woman when we had the chance.'  
`Are you suggesting that...' the chancellor didn't finish.  
`Not kill her. She has successfully turned Gorham against us and there is no reason for her to turn the people also against us. All I wanted to do was to express my regret. Now she may be a wizard and why else would the others obey her if she was a weakling? Why would Wendy think that she could help with Victor's case even if it was all an act?'  
`She must be very powerful,' Nathan managed to say. His plans suddenly crushed with that. Now he realized why he didn't feel her weaken when Wendy was distraught. She had more power now and she would live even longer than him so he didn't have any hope of crushing her in the next few lives that he may have. His dread seemed to spread around because no one else said a word about it. They were all losing faith in their power and it was all because of the women around Gorham. He was turning into a very powerful force given that he was being backed by two of the most powerful people in the kingdom. How did they get to that point and how did he? They wondered.  
~~~~~~~~~~  
Three days and Victor wasn't getting any better. Dr Ryan tried to examine him but he could not find the source of the illness. He had tried to persuade Sidney to take him but into the alternate universe where they'd do better tests but she refused. Therefore Dr Ryan had gone to Wendy and told her of the chance Victor may have. As expected she was supporting him but it caused an uproar from Sidney. Eventually the former gave up and resolved to stay in her room. She had no grounds to make the medical decisions for him.  
Then on this third day, Sidney came into her room, `Victor wants to see you though I advised against it.'  
Wendy sat up on the bed, `He's awake.'  
`Yes, but not any better than he was yesterday.' She saw that even with those words she hadn't erased all the hope from her. `Are you coming or not? He needs to rest but if he's awake waiting for you...'  
`Give me a moment to be composed.' She straightened her hair and tried to wash her face to remove the signs that she had been crying. She went to Victor's room and found him sitting upright on the bed. The lights had been dimmed to hide the fact that he was worn out. He looked at her and smiled.  
The others in the room left them in privacy. She went and sat on his bed looking at him. 
`You've been crying?' he asked.  
`Yes, and don't tell me that I should stop...'  
`No, we are all allowed to cry when sad or in grief.'  
`Your sister...'  
`She was not cast far from the tree, but I fear that with her powers back, she will turn colder.'  
`Victor, I tried to have her take you back to the other world. Maybe Dr Ryan would have done some test...'  
`Wendy, I'm afraid that your grief is clouding your judgment.'  
`I just want to try everything.'  
`As I would have but the fact is that if I'd have gone back, Dr Ryan would not have been able to touch me let alone treat me. I'm afraid I'm beyond any hope.'  
`Please don't say that,' she started crying again. `I can't let you die without trying everything possible. I just can't!' Victor pulled her to him and held her as she sobbed. He had tears in his eyes because he could feel her pain and that pain was worse than what he was feeling himself.  
Finally she was quiet. `I wanted to give you something that was from your mother.' Wendy sat up and looked at him curiously but her eyes were puffed and red from all the crying. `It's a letter.' He reached under his pillow and brought it out. It had been open. This posed even more questions for her. `I read it because I was curious what she had written to tell you.'  
`I thought you told me everything that I needed to know about her?'  
`I did but then the letter was never about her. It was about you as I discovered and about me.' He handed her the letter. She turned up the lanterns and came to sit by his side again.  
 
My dearest Wendy,  
Sometimes I wonder what it would have been like if you'd have known that I was your mother and you'd have grown up around me. You would have probably hated me at times like I hated my mother but maybe you do hate me for what I've put you through.  
 
`I thought you said it wasn't about her?' she looked up questioningly.  
`Keep reading. That is just the opening remark.' He brushed her hair gently and kept quiet. Wendy looked back at the letter.  
 
You remember the first day we actually met in the library? How I wanted to reach out and hug you but I had to keep up pretenses but maybe if I hadn't, Gorham would never have forced me to accept Alice and maybe you would have succeeded me as queen smoothly as you still were being taught what you ought to have known from a very young age. Oh! Look at me talking about you succeeding me when I don't even know if you want it. It's not the life I thought it might have been but it might have been like everything else in this world.  
You wonder why I write to you like this. I always wished that I had had the love of the man I married but I didn't and neither did he have mine. It is not a fate that I would have wished for anyone much less you and therefore, knowing your father with his stupid laws and rules (he reminds me so much of Gorham but like him, he can also be swayed into accepting some  things though it may require a lot of work.) Anyway, back to love and marriage. I noticed the way you always looked at Victor and I did notice the way that he looked at you. I remember a time when I forced him to admit that he thought about you and that was why his feelings towards me changed from duty to actual care...  
 
Wendy looked at Victor but he urged her to continue reading the letter.  
 
 •of course did not get him to admit it because he's a wizard and most times wizards are usually very stubborn (speaking from experience) It will probably take you a long time to have him admit that he loves you but I tried to quicken the process when I had him kiss you when you were in your trances.  
 He will never hide his true feelings for long and I hope that you will love him back, because when a wizard loves, he loves entirely. Remember this though, you are never restrained to stay with him should your feelings change otherwise or if you think that you have met a better person, do not sacrifice your happiness because you feel bound to him.  
He will eternally love you no matter what you choose or who you choose.  
Also note that I'm not saying all these because he struck me as a respectable man and not because I had kissed him thinking that he was Henry...  
 
Wendy chuckled at that. 
 
...But because I think only of your happiness. Also try not to cross your father because he thinks only of what is best for you. Did I tell you that he wanted you to stay with him instead of the Summers? He loves you truly the way I wished Eric would have loved his sons and the way I know Gorham will love his children.  Stay happy and know that my spirit will always stay with you.  Love,  
Your mother,  
Queen Diane.  
Wendy looked at Victor, `It wasn't anything I expected. Why didn't you just give it to me?'  
`How would you have received it? You knew you were attracted to me but you were never sure of how I felt about you. The letter would have confirmed everything and furthermore, would have encouraged you to pursue your feelings for me.'  
`But would that have been wrong?' she stared at his face.  
He was sad when he answered, `Yes, Wendy. If I was told that you'd have spent the rest of your life with me I would have been the happiest person in both worlds but fate knew I was not the right person for you.'  
`Victor, I love you.'  
He smiled, `I have no doubts that you do and I also hope that you understand that I also love you regardless that I had an incline to what you already felt before even you yourself.'  
`Don't...'  
`You have to listen to what I'm about to say given that you never really listen to other people,' she started to get up but he held her back down and made her look at him. `Wendy, I have to tell you this.' his voice begged. She stopped and looked at him with the tears welled her eyes. `I was not the one meant for you because there's someone else out there who would make you happier than I even would have. I am not telling you this after I've had a chance to be with you but I was honored with the privilege to make you happy and you also made me happy. I just don't have a choice in this matter.' tears flowed from his eyes.  
`Maybe,' she climbed the bed and knelt on it. `Maybe if you transferred your spirit to something, I can see you when you are no longer here in body.' She sobbed as she suggested.  
`I can't. Not because I don't want to but,' she wiped the tears from her cheeks but more kept coming. `It is because of the spirits in me that I'm dying. I can't have something as unstable as that close to you. Not to mention the fact that I've never wanted to hold you back and giving you something with my spirits will hold you back.‟ 
 `No, it wouldn't.'  
He licked his dry lips. `Wendy, remember the day at the woods and I kissed you and you stopped me. Why did you do that?'  
`Because I wanted it to be complete. I didn't want to be left unsatisfied...'  
`That is how it would be every time you went to see my spirit. I will never be able to fully satisfy you and you would hate the world and hate me and hate yourself. Finally you will give up altogether and think that this world has never been kind to you when in fact you are the one who is supposed to be kind to world and not take yourself from it. You are the world’s gift and a treasure for it. Please remember that.' he took a deep breath. He was getting tired yet he still had a lot to tell her.  
`You don't need my spirit because you are now strong enough. Your father would never have allowed you to come with me if he'd have thought that you would never get over it. Needless to say that I'll always be with you though you will not see me.'  
`Victor,' she went back to crying on his shoulder.  
`I need you to make me one promise,' he didn't wait for her to stop crying. His energy was draining away. She looked at him expectantly. `I need you to take care of my sister. She may seem strong but I know it tearing her up inside. You need just to look at Gorham because that is how her feeling will ever show to the world from now on.'  
`I should tell you to tell her to do the same with me because,' her voice broke. `I don't know how I'm ever going to get over this. I just don't know how.'  
`I know you will, you will find the courage to move on. No matter how long or short time it will take. And everyone who loves you will be there to help you through it.' 
`Except you.'  
`You must go now. I'm tired,' he could see that she really wanted to stay and so he repeated more firmly. `Go now.' He watched her as she went to the door and saw her face once more before she walked out of the door. He sank back into the bed and cried more freely. After a long time he finally stopped. He looked at the lantern that Wendy had turned up to read the letter. `I'm sorry Wendy, but if I make you go through anymore of this, I'm sure to kill your spirit,' he thought. He then turned his neck forcefully to one side and it snapped. His breathing stopped first before his heart and finally there was no sign of life.  
The attendants came in and found him without a pulse. They went to tell Sidney first. She listened to them quietly then sent them with the news to Wendy. She locked her bedroom door and started to cry. Everything came out then she realized that she had still held hope that her brother may live. She suddenly let out a scream. The whole castle stayed still for a moment and even Wendy who had been told the news kept quiet and listened to the painful cry before she resolved back to her silent sobs.  
Gorham had also heard it and couldn't fail to recognize that it was Sidney. He would let her moan for a few hours then would go to check on her. Fortunately, he had had the children taken to another room ever since they had confirmed that Victor was sick. Gorham felt sad. Not only because two of the women he cared for were in pain but also because he had lost a good friend.  
Somewhere else within the castle, the two twins started to cry after the piercing cry of their mother. The nurses came to pick them up from their cribs and tried to calm them down. The boy was harder to silence but eventually even he went quiet but as the nurse put him down, he could have sworn that he saw sadness in his eyes. The girl on the other hand went back to playing and giggling.  ~~~~~~~~~~  
The funeral was a small affair but it suited everyone to be like that. Gorham as expected was presiding over the funeral. Wendy and Sidney were the chief moaners. Then there was Amber and Ken who were indeed sad to have lost a friend. There was also Dr Ryan who was there because he had lost a good patient. Jared went because he was a friend of Wendy and had been a friend to Victor. Martin went to show support to Sidney since he like everyone else close to the family now knew that 
Victor had been her brother. Finally there was Joel who went because he was obliged to go because of all the family connections and also because Alice had suggested very strongly that he join his brother then report what was said and if there was a body buried underground.  
Anyway, they were just them having the funeral though there was a large group of people who were watching from a distance. All they heard was that a funeral of a wizard was to take place and they were curious as to how they would proceed with it. Furthermore, just the fact that they were having a funeral for a wizard intrigued them. All their lives they had been told all the scary stories about wizards but to have their king presiding on it personally also enhanced a bit more curiosity than originally anticipated.  
Now though they were there and watching from the distance because they didn't know how the other two wizards would react. Others just went to see living wizards in their natural habitat. Everybody at the funeral seemed solemn enough even the wizards. But other went to see the woman with the white hair. Unlike the customs where you had to cover your hair during a funeral, she proudly showed it off as if it was some sort of tribute to the dead body in the coffin.  
The coffin. Since it was Gorham who planned the whole funeral, he also ordered that a coffin be made as if it was his. From the finest wood and the finest paint, it gleamed in the light. The inside was fitted with cushions and was very serene. When Wendy had spoken, she commented that Victor would have liked it given that of all the comforts in the world, he preferred that of a good place to lie down. This caused a laugh from Sidney but she was quickly overwhelmed with a sob and opted to keep quiet altogether.  
It was over quickly because all Sidney said was that she would miss him terribly and wished him well in the next life. She threw something like a rock into the grave after the coffin. Gorham wished he knew what it was but he would ask later on. The other gave their apologies then left the closest being Sidney and Wendy alone with the grave to say their last words. Sidney finally left Wendy alone and went to join Gorham some distance away.  
`What was that you threw in the grave?' he asked as he could not curb his curiosity.  
`Something that will enable him get out of the grave when he so chooses.' she saw the shocked look on Gorham's face. `I'm just kidding.' She smiled slightly then went back to her solemn mood but it was a started, Gorham noted. Eventually she will go back to her happy self. `The stone is to prevent the body from ever being dug up by anyone else except family. I figured that since he was a wizard, people may try to exhume his body to examine how different he was to the rest.'  
They looked at Wendy who was still wiping tears from her eyes. `Do you think she will ever get over it?' Gorham asked. 
`It will take a long time but eventually, she will.' There was a long pause. `I envy her though,' she said which caused Gorham to look questioningly at her. She didn't notice. `I am so used to spending years without seeing him that for now I know he's gone but I'm not sure what will happen in a few months when it finally dawns on me that he will never come back to see me, to tease me or even to force me to admit to myself that I'm in love,' she looked at Gorham with love in her eyes before she looked away as if embarrassed by something.  
`I'll be here for you when the time comes,' he reassured her.  
`I know you will.' She put her arms around him and stood there in silence. Then a carriage pulled up and everyone's attention was drawn to it. A middle aged man alighted from it and walked toward the grave where Wendy was but before he got there he talked slightly with Dr Ryan and he seemed to be in agreement with what he said. Then they looked at Wendy and Dr Ryan was explaining something shaking his head.  
`Who is that?' Gorham asked.  
`Henry, Wendy's father.'  
`Shouldn't we go and meet him?'  
`No, if he wants to talk to any of us, he will approach.'  
`I feel as if I should be offended by that.'  
Sidney chuckled, `Not at all, he acknowledges your presence. Just watch him.'  
~~~~~~~~~~  
`Wendy,' a voice called behind her. She turned to see her father. At first she was relieved that he was there as she thought that maybe he could bring Victor back to life but something in his resolve suddenly wished that he hadn't come. Why was he here? Nobody had sent a message to him. She wondered why he had let her train with Victor when, as Amber had told her, her feelings for Victor were apparent for all but sundry. And he never approved, yet he let her go with him. From the way that he looked at her, she knew he had known.  
Her forth reaction was anger and she suddenly slapped him. She didn't care who was looking. `You knew, didn't you?' her eyes narrowed at him.  
`No.'  
`You had to have known because there was no other reason as to why you seemed to not want us together.'  
`If I'd have known that he was going to die, I would never have allowed you to spend time with him,' he saw the unbelieving look on her face. `If I could spare you from the grief that you feel now.'  
`Then why?'  
Henry went closer to her and tucked the hair that was flying all over her face at the back of her ear. `Because I knew that he wasn't the one you were destined to be with.'  
`I will never love another,' she said in a small voice but it sounded like a promise.  
`I know you will and you will be happy unlike the way that you were with Victor.' He touched her cheek with both his hands and raised her face gently to look at him. `It only seems that way because you are at Victor's grave.' he looked around as if searching for the words then his eyes locked on hers again. `I know you loved him and I can never deny that and so shouldn't you but I promise you, that you will find love or it will find you again.'  
Wendy did not want to cry in front of her father. She wanted to seem strong but everything was crumbling and she heard herself sob. Henry took her in his arms and held her for awhile then he suddenly shifted and carried her. He was about to turn when his eyes met with Gorham's. He bowed slightly then stood up straight before he turned and went to his carriage. He never broke his stride because of Wendy's weight. He put her in the carriage then went in with her. The carriage pulled away with them inside.  
Some distance away Sidney smiled, `I told you he recognized your presence and respects you.'  
`How can I know that he wasn't bowing to you?'  
`Because,' she turned to look at Gorham. `Aside from the fact that you are the king, he recognizes that you are a respectable man.'  
`Only that?'  
`Also, you are very courageous as he knows no other man who would have been able to tame me as you have done.'  
Gorham wanted to object to all those reasons but when he'd ever have a chance to meet 
Henry, he would know. He looked up and saw the carriage leaving. `Where is he going with Wendy?'  
`He's taking her to her adoptive parents who have known her for much longer.'  
`That's a brilliant idea. There she will be taken care of emotionally unlike here.'  
`Well,' Sidney started to walk to the castle. `He thinks like you do.'  
`Wait a minute,' he said when he caught up with her. `If he thinks the way I do then he must have thought about you the same way as I do.'  
`Are you suggesting something Gorham?'  
`You know exactly what I'm suggesting.'  
`Then I should tell you that I don't know what he thinks about me besides the fact that I'm- was Victor's sister.'  
`Are you sure he never made a gesture or said anything that would make you think otherwise?'  
`Let me see,' she stopped as if in thought, `I met him once when he was in the company of my mother, but then I was too young to make anyone attracted to me not to mention, know who was attracted to me. Then the second time was when I had just escaped from my mother. So you can imagine how scared, relieved, confused and panicked I was all at the same time. I doubt that would have been the time to look for gestures. Then the third and the last time, I was at my brother's funeral and I was with my husband. I merely saw him at a distance but I did recognize a gesture,' she looked at him with set jaws. `He bowed but it might have been either to you or me. Now that I think about it, it might have been me after all.'  
`I get the point Sidney,' he said. `I should stop being jealous of a trivial matter as that.'  
`Thank you,' she started to walk again. `I need to see the children before I rest.' They headed to the castle. Behind them, the grave digger was putting dirt back into the soil. The crowd started to dissipate given that no one rose from the dead. Martin and Jared went home. Joel went to report to Alice. Dr. Ryan went to pack up his things since they were returning back that evening. Apparently three months had passed during his short visit on the other side. Ken and Amber watched in sadness as the grave filled up then they also went to pack up their things. They would return if ever Wendy required their assistance. And finally when the grave was full, the grave digger stomped the ground hard, packed his shovel and headed home. A day's work had ended.  
~~~~~~~~~~~  
 

