Detective H
By Tadeu Aratel
Copyright 2017 Tadeu Aratel
Smashwords Edition
Cover art created by Ydlabs - Freepik.com

License Notes:
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted, and shared for non-commercial purposes, provided it appears in its entirety without alteration. If you enjoyed this story, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author.
Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Epilogue
Introduction
“Hello, your majesty. Nice to meet you,” is what I’d say, if I were in front of you right now.
Or at least it’s what I like to believe I’d say. Don’t get me wrong, I consider myself an outgoing girl (with my job, I have to be), but if I was standing in front of King Lius Ironhand himself… I don’t know. I think the mix of excitement, fear, passion, and awe would make me collapse and have convulsions on your palace’s floor.
Or maybe I’d just undress right away. Like an instinctual, primal response. I doubt I’d be the first to do so too; as the Champion of Fahist, you must get ladies (and probably even gentlemen) undressing around you all the time. Makes me wonder how you’re still single. Erm… You still are, right? Please say yes.
Anyway, lucky for me, I’m not in front of you right now. I’m glad we’re having our first contact by letter like this. It gives me room to ponder every word and go through multiple drafts so I won’t make a fool of myself. (Fun fact: this is the sixth draft of this intro).
Furthermore, this introduction isn’t about you. Or about my clothes, or the possible absence of them at this moment (Imma let you picture that). No, this introduction is all about lil’ old me.
You see, ever since the two (?) murders at Saini Peaks there has been a lot of talk about what happened. About what I did and didn’t do, usually with a lot of “shoulda, woulda, coulda,” involved. However, my humble person is rarely discussed.
Which means that right now Seriel Hardlock must be just a vague collection of letters in your mind, your majesty. A name without a face or a personality. And since you’ve requested to hear the full details of this case, I think I should start with the person who cracked it — me. So here’s everything you need to know about me.
1- I’m single.
2- I work as an Inspection Officer for the Ministry of Food.
3- I love breaking stuff. So, obviously, I always wanted to be an detective.
Now people often frown when I say that third one. I don’t know why. It’s called “cracking a case open”, after all. And it feels as good as it sounds, with every little clue adding a crack on the criminal’s facade, taking me closer to destroying their precious little plan, smashing their hopes. Um… yummy!
Saini Peaks was truly great, let me tell you. Being an Inspection Officer is fine but it lacks the life and death situations, the drama and the fire (oh yeah, there was a lot of that). Plus, half of my work as an inspector is just writing boring reports.
But that’s enough about me, let’s get this story started already.

Chapter 1
Wrig
All right, draft one! Let’s see if I can nail this in the first try.
It was eight o’clock pm, December 12th — a Thursday. And yes, I’ll be using the Erium calendar in this letter. The Isoldian Calendar is unbreakably stupid, and I always hated having to use it in my official reports. This is my revenge. If you don’t like you can… well, you can execute me, actually. Huh. Maybe starting like this isn’t a good idea — I’ll remove this part on the final draft. (so much for nailing this).
Anyway, it was Thursday night, and I sat all by myself in a tavern in — you guessed it — Saini Peaks. The two-story tavern was one of the six buildings in Orimas Village. It didn’t have a name, probably for the same reason people don’t name their belly buttons: we have only one of it, and few care about its existence.
The entire tavern rattled thanks to the storm raging outside; the sound of flute music could barely rise above the noise. I sat by the counter, under an old Essence Lamp. The lamp was rustic — just a glass cylinder tied to the roof — and it had a small crack, so from time to time a drop of its glowing blue liquid would fall and splash on the counter next to me.
I was bored enough that I just sat there watching those drops, counting how many it took for the bartender to turn around and wipe away the glowing puddle in a single, very automatic motion.
The bartender was a middle-aged woman with silver streaks in her hair and beefy arms. She wore old, battered clothes, her thick hands protected by leather gloves that had white stains on them — probably from something she’d been cooking. Did you get a good image of her? Good, because it won’t matter for the case at all.
But as you can see, it was a slow Thursday. Like I’m-starting-to-stare-at-people’s-glove’s-slow. I wasn’t even supposed to have stopped at that village. I was on my way to an inspection that day, and meant to finish crossing the mountain just after sundown. But then the people in the village warned me there was a hurricane on the horizon, and urged me to stay. 
I don’t know if you’ve been to Saini Peaks during your campaigns, your majesty, but the entire area is home to a vicious hurricane season, and we were right in the middle of it. To make things worse, the locals said this was the largest storm they’d ever seen.
Thunders shook the world outside, and I could see nothing but darkness beyond the liters of water that splashed against the tavern’s windows. And since the hurricane itself was still five hours away (according to the local tornado expert/bard), the weather would probably still get much worse.
The entire village — twelve people, including an outsider like me — had gathered in the tavern for protection. Protection given not by the old building, obviously, but by one of the men in it. Peter Masters, an orb-owner.
I took a break from staring at gloves to glance at him, my eyes attracted by his annoying laughter. Peter was the kind who laughed slow and from deep inside his belly, in a way that you couldn’t tell whether he was being sarcastic or not. He wore a robe, like a priest, only his was bright orange. His orb hung from a neck chain, a blue blazing star resting on his massive torso.
Maybe your majesty sees orbs all the time (I heard somewhere that you even own a few), but I don’t. To me — who only owns a couple of coins and a disk — a blue vord the size of an orange was quite the novelty. I had promised myself earlier that I wouldn’t stare, and still my gaze lingered.
I wasn’t even thinking about power at the time. I mean, I know that orbs are the second most powerful vords out there, powering my puny coins by Aster knows how many orders of magnitude, but that’s all a little abstract. What truly stunned me was the orb’s beauty. It’s blue light washed over the tavern — outshining even the Essence Lamps — and when I stared at it, I swear I could see the essence moving inside the orb, swirling like a contained vortex of power.
Peter’s blue power was, you probably guessed, Air Mastery. So we were all counting on his power to bend the wind and protect the village when the hurricane passed by. He’d done it before, or so I had been told. There was just one problem… well, let me truly describe the scene for you.
Peter sat on a large chair, with a girl sitting on each of his legs (they were twins; the girls I mean, the legs too I suppose) and holding a keg of beer in each hand (also twins). He chugged down large gulps of beer at a time, sometimes drinking from both kegs at once and spilling beer all over the girls, who nervously laughed it off. When he wasn’t drinking, he was telling very loud stories to his table partner, Orion.
Orion was the chief of the Orimas people, a graying man with a thick beard and pale skin who wore a bear fur coat. And if I was judging by Orion’s size, I’d say he killed that bear with his own hands. But for the night, Orion had essentially been reduced to Peter’s cupbearer. He sat with Peter, laughing at Peter’s lousy jokes and refilling Peter’s kegs.
“You know what I hate the most about this village?” Peter would often say, and then follow it up with an insult.
“This beer of yours tastes like piss,” Peter would say.
“These shitty houses are colder than your mother’s tits,” Peter would say.
“Your dull girls can’t tell a single joke,” Peter would say.
And Orion would laugh, nod, and agree with his fist clenched under the table. Because yeah, the life of (mostly) everyone there depended on that asshole. So Orion — and the girls, Vin and Yin — heroically took one for the team there. Meanwhile, the tavern grew tenser with each word out of Peter’s mouth.
Everyone was either worried or angry in that room, except for one creep who sat alone in the back and seemed more interested in the girls than in Peter. I never got that creep’s name, by the way. So I’ll hereby call him “Creep”, with a capital C. He’s earned it, Aster rest his soul.
Anyway, I say that the life of mostly everyone there depended on Peter because mine didn’t. I had a way out. You see, I’m a Teleporter, and I had an orange circle hanging from my chain under my jacket, right next to my blue and purple coins.
I don’t know how much you know about teleporting, your majesty. Probably more than me. In any case, all you need to know is that I was setup in a way that I could teleport back home at any moment. I wouldn’t be able to teleport back to the tavern, though — it was a one-way trip.
Still, it meant the hurricane was no threat to me. Having an orange vord was the reason why I volunteered to cross through the peaks during hurricane season in the first place. Having a ticket out allowed me to take a much shorter route than the one I used before the vords arrived.
Hum, let’s see… I think this is all I need to setup before we move forward. Which means it’s finally time to talk about Wrig! I understand you met him personally, didn’t you? Thank you for helping out the kid, your majesty. He’s been through a lot, as you’ll soon see.
You see, there are people in this world whose presence inflicts fear and respect. People who you can tell are destined to be legends with a single glance. Wrig was the opposite of that. A boy full of lack of graciousness.
It was about five minutes past eight when he stepped into the tavern, soaked wet from the rain outside. His arrival turned many heads. It’s amazing how you can always tell when a black sheep has entered the room. It’s all in the subtle moves. How people shift in the seats, the couples lower their voices. Even the flutist missed a note.
Neither Peter nor Creep noticed Wrig, though. Peter just kept drinking, while Creep watched a nearby couple make out. He had a visible bulge in his pants. Man, I really hope Creep is in heaven. I really hate the idea of him lurking down below, where he can look up girl’s skirts.
Wrig’s appearance was entirely unimpressive. A boy who looked barely fourteen, his hair was like straw in both color and texture, his skin was darkish. He wore a white tunic that was both too big for him and kept very clean. His posture had him slightly lumped forward, as if he was trying avoid occupying too much space in the world.
Wrig wandered in, looked around the room a couple of times, then found himself a seat in the only empty table in the room. He seemed to be looking for something, and his gaze settled on my hammers for a moment.
Oh yeah, where are my manners? I haven’t introduced your majesty to my babies! I carry three hammers with me, tied to my belt. From smallest to biggest, they’re named Tiny, Normy, and Biggy. They are my darlings. After all, a girl who loves breaking stuff is nothing without her trusted tools. I always have the three with me. Biggy’s head is as big as a melon — he makes even sledgehammers feel shrill and inadequate. All three have smooth steel edges, polished until they are mirror-like.
So yeah, Wrig squinted at my hammers, but I didn’t think much of it. Plenty of people find them strange. Then the kid was distracted when an young lady took a seat across from him.
That was Yara, Orion’s daughter — though at the time I didn’t know it. Yara seemed to be around Wrig’s age, a cute young girl who wore high boots and had red highlights in her blond hair.
Wrig and Yara had a conversation that lasted barely a minute. I didn’t even pay much attention — my boredom had me considering the pros and cons of suicide by slamming my head against the wall. (Con: High likelihood of failure. Pro: I probably wouldn’t remember failing.)
Then Wrig suddenly jerked to his feet and rushed towards the bar, drawing stares as he did so. Yara stayed where she was, biting her lower lip in frustration. Wrig sat two benches away from me and reached for something in his pocket. He fished out a crumpled piece of paper, read its content, then crumpled it again.
“C-can I have a beer, please?” Wrig asked.
You remember the bartender I described five pages ago, right? The woman with white spots on her gloves. Well, she poured Wrig a keg of beer without hesitation, grabbing it from the wooden barrel behind the counter. Yes, he was far below the drinking age, but you know how these villages in the middle of nowhere are — they have their own culture.
“Thank you, Jani,” Wrig said, accepting the beer.
Jani spared me a glance before going back into the kitchen. I guess she expected me to complain. I didn’t care; I had better things to worry about. You see, Wrig was clearly deep into some personal drama at that moment. And I, as the sensible person I am, realized that’d be a great opportunity to get rid of my boredom.
I jumped from my seat and walked over to Wrig, trying to appear casual. All while I secretly begged for him to be in some deep, hairy problems. Something that could distract me all night, and maybe even give me an excuse to break some stuff.
“Heeey there, kid,” I said, sitting next to him. “I noticed you have some problems there.” I offered him a hand. “My name is Seriel, nice to meet you.”
Wrig took a deep sip of his beer, then he shook my hand.
“Wrigsayrashin,” he said. “People call me Wrig.”
“Even your parents?” I asked.
“Well, yes, they used to. Why?”
“Because that’s not fair. They gave you a long ass name; therefore they should be forced to always say it.”
Wrig chuckled. “I’ll be sure to tell them that in the afterlife,” he said.
Nothing like a good dose of humor to put cracks on someone’s tension.
“So, I don’t mean to sound creepy, but I’m going to,” I said. “I was watching you just now. What’s up with the girl and the note?”
And just like that, all of Wrig’s tension returned. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he said, with the expression of someone who absolutely wants to talk about it. He scanned the tavern again, tossing nervous glances in all directions but avoiding Yara.
In situations like this, you have to be very careful and consider someone’s feelings as you gently guide them towards a point of comfort where they can open up about their true feelings with you. Or you can just say screw it and use magic. Guess which one I did?
While Wrig was distracted, I tapped into my purple coin. Essence rushed out of the coin under my shirt, moving like a warm mist into my chest. It flowed down my arm until it reached my right hand, gathering at the tip of my fingers, making my digits glow purple. I grabbed Wrig’s arm.
“Answer truthfully,” I commanded. “What’s on your mind?”
Wrig suddenly bolted up, sitting upright. His eyes flashed with purple light, and he spoke in an emotionless tone.
“The girl I like is hitting on me but I can’t be with her because I got a note warning me that something bad would happen tonight at this tavern,” Wrig said, in a single breath.
Then his eyes returned to normal, his posture regaining its standard droop, and he gasped for air.
“What the hell was that?!” Wrig demanded, holding his chest. “Something just got into my brain!”
“Oh relax, it was just Essence,” I said. “You see, I’m a purple Commander.”
I pulled my chain from under my shirt, showing the three vords that hung from it. A purple coin, a green one, and an orange disk. Each glowed thanks to the essence within, their light powerful but dull in comparison to the orb.
Wrig jumped to his feet like an herbivore recoiling from a sudden flame.
“You have three vords?!” Wrig asked. “And you can control people?”
“Calm down, let me explain,” I said, putting the vords away. “It’s not as overpowered as it sounds. You see, there is this thing we like to call the complexity/willpower ratio. In short, if you really don’t want to do something, then I can’t force you to do it. And the more complex the command, the easier it’s to resist. And vague commands like “what’s on your mind” score really high on complexity.”
“So that means…”
“That deep down you really wanted to speak, yes,” I said. “The vord just made it easier.”
“Oh… I see,” Wrig said. He cleared his throat. “It’s still not polite to use vords on people without warning.”
“Well, I’ve never been good with etiquette,” I said. “But now that the cat is out of the bag, want to talk about it? You seem pretty upset.”
And I am oh so bored, I added to myself.
Wrig hesitated. “What about your other powers?”
“Green Seeing, Orange Teleporting,” I said. “They—”
“I’m a little familiar with those,” Wrig said. He sighed, then sat back down. “All right, you’ve got the gist of the situation. I like that girl -- her name is Yara -- but I’ve also got this note warning me that something bad will happen. I wouldn’t even be here tonight if it wasn’t for it.”
I nodded, mentally congratulating myself. You see, my green vord is kind of new, and ninety percent of the times I forget to even mention it. Wrig was in the lucky ten percent that night.
“Not a fan of public gatherings, are you?”
“Too much noise, too little content,” he admitted. “I was going to read all night.”
“Despite the hurricane?”
“Well, Peter is going to protect the whole village, not just the tavern,” Wrig said. Then he stole a glance at the drunk buffoon. “Supposedly…”
“All right,” I said, growing excited. “So let’s take this mystery by parts. First of all, are you sure she was hitting on you?”
“Pretty sure, yes.”
“Really? Because you seem… inexperienced.”
Wrig blushed. “Well, she… placed a hand on my knee, and then invited me up to her room.”
I chuckled. Go girl! I thought.
“All right, that’s pretty clear,” I said. “So let me take a wild guess here. The handwriting on your note, is it feminine?”
Wrig’s eyes grew wide. “Oooh, you think…?”
“I don’t know. I take that she hasn’t always liked you? Can you think of a reason why she suddenly would?”
Right about then, the young couple who’d been all up on each other for the last hour finally decided to go upstairs. They were a pair of twenty year olds called Henry and Akua. Creep followed Akua’s ass as she strode up the stairs holding her boyfriend’s hand, and the couple shot him a wink before going away.
Wrig blushed again. “Well, there was this… encounter. I-I can’t really talk about that. We were also childhood friends, an eternity ago.”
I grinned. Oh young love. So beautiful, and so destructive. Like a hammer made of diamonds and butterflies.
“Well, if she lured you here, she either wants to sleep with you or kill you,” I said. I glanced at Yara. “And with a body like hers, I’d say that coin flip is worth it.”
For the record, I’m not gay. Or straight. I define my sexuality on a case by case basis. I like to stay open minded and fluid, you know? And regarding you, your majesty, let’s just say I’m game if you are.
“Ah, it’s ok if I die,” Wrig said. “I’m not much use these days anyway. What matters is that nothing bad will happen. I love this village, you know.”
Wrig had apparently forgotten that his beer was there, so I pulled it and took a sip. Tasted pretty good.
“Well, I don’t mean to offend, but the place doesn’t look like much to me,” I said.
“It’s not supposed to,” Wrig said, standing up. “Our music, festivals, our group camping in the mountains — they’re all our traditions and ours alone. We don’t share it with outsiders. In fact, most of us didn’t even want to open this place. We did it because outsiders were coming through anyway, and this is a way to keep an eye on them.”
“Fascinating,” I said. “And you’re stalling because you’re nervous, aren’t you?”
“I’m not.”
“Your legs are shaking.”
Wrig looked down, then he blushed and held his thighs. “All right, a little bit.”
“Your first time?”
Wrig nodded. “Would you do me a favor?”
“What’s that?”
“Would you say ‘Hajisura shi orisay’, please?”
He said the words with a strange intonation, focusing on the first syllables. I was frankly taken aback. This tiny village had its own language? How old was that place?
Anyway, I repeated the words back to Wrig, trying to mimic his intonation.
Wrig rewarded me with a blush and a very warm smile. “Perfect,” he said.
“You didn’t make me say anything naughty, did you?” I asked.
“No, no. It’s a good luck wish. It’s what my mom usually tells me,” he said. Then he ran a clawed hand through his hair. “Now if you excuse-me, I’ve gotta a coin to flip.”
I patted him on the back. “Go get her, stud.”
Wrig wandered back to Yara’s table, and less than a minute later they were already going upstairs together. Yara seemed joyful, but the room not so much. No one except Creep made eye contact. They probably weren’t fans of the black sheep getting it on with the chief’s daughter.
Or maybe it was something else.

Chapter 2
The Dead Body
For the record, your majesty, in case that hasn’t become clear by now, I’m narrating things as I understood them when they happened. For example, now I know the real reason why Wrig + Yara made them upset, but I don’t want to spoil it. Hopefully you haven’t heard the answer on the streets either.
Still, this whole storytelling thing is exciting. It’s filling me with nostalgia from when I used to tell my brothers spooky stories around our fireplace. I’ve gotta say, it’s the first time I enjoy creating something — I usually have fun doing the exact opposite of that.
Speaking of breaking stuff, that’s what I did that night.
You see, after Wrig left I gave up. I just couldn’t handle the boredom anymore. I had to break something. I usually don’t do that in public because it freaks people out. But that night I figured, why not? I didn’t want to sleep with anyone in that room anyway. And since they were counting on Peter to keep them alive, there were good chances none of them would be alive before the end of the night.
Also, I plan to use this letter to show you how breaking feels from my perspective. I’ll open your eyes to how beautiful and delightful destruction truly is — I promise you’ll fall in love.
“Hey, Jani?” I asked when I spotted the woman through the kitchen door. “Do you have any old bottles that are no good anymore? You know, that you mean to throw away?”
Jani frowned and then — Aster bless her — she found an old wine bottle and put it in front of me. Oh how I love people who don’t ask questions. Everyone is so damn curious nowadays. Symptom of a life with no drama, I’m sure.
I reached for the coin purse tied to my belt, but Jani shook her head.
“You don’t need to pay.” She pointed at the large crack on the side of the bottle. “Peter dropped it; it’s worthless.”
As if reacting to his name being said, Peter released a roaring laughter. I glanced and found him waving his arm around, the back of his hands glowing bright blue. With each wave, a gust of wind hit Orion on the face, roughing up his clothes and hair. The chief took it all with a dumb smile.
I shook my head. “He’s not very nice, is he?”
Jani rested her elbows on the counter, her aged breasts pooling on her arms.
“It’s like watching a monkey grind his crotch on a diamond,” Jani agreed. “Except that orb is worth way more than that.”
I chuckled, then I drew a hammer. I wanted to enjoy this, so I picked Tiny — the smallest of my babies. It’s really small, like a doctor’s hammer. One of it’s sides is blunt, and the other is narrow, like a bird’s beak. I tapped the side of the bottle with the sharp end of the hammer, feeling the bottle’s vibration. Good resonation on that one, very resistant. I grinned. That bottle could keep me busy all night.
“So, why do you people put up with him?” I asked.
I started from the top, hitting the very tip of the bottle with the steel beak. It might be tempting to just hammer down the core of the bottle and blast it to smithereens, but even a Peter (that’s my new word for monkey) can do that kind of half-ass breaking. If you want to get it right, you have to take it slow.
“His orb protects the village,” Jani said.
I hit the bottle three times, softly, testing my strength. The third hit made the glass crack just a little bit, the dark grass turning white as air penetrated it. I grinned harder. First step done. One a thousand more steps before I turned that old bottle into a beautiful pile of crystal sand.
“That doesn’t quite explain it,” I said. “How did you people manage hurricane season before the vords arrived?”
Then Peter got up. Urged by the twins, he made his way to the second floor, leaning on them to walk in a straight line. Jani watched him go, then the room collectively sighed with relief. It was as if a bad smell had finally been blown away.
“Finally,” I said, going back to my bottle.
Of course, that meant there were now three couples boning upstairs, but I tried not to think about it too much. At least they were being quiet — which is funny, because I swore that first couple would be the moaning and groaning type, given how much they’d been up on each other.
“We used to abandon the village every hurricane season,” Jani said, answering my previous question. “Then we’d rebuild the next year.”
“Well, that’s—” I started, but then I got distracted.
Something felt weird. It was then that I noticed that the flutist, a man in his forties named Torm, was no longer playing. He’d come down from his bench and was having a fiery conversation with Orion. The conversation was hushed, but I know some lip reading.
“I’m telling you, chief! The storm is too strong,” Torm said. “I need to go out, feel the winds, or—”
I couldn’t read more because Jani interrupted me. She wasn’t kind, either; she literally pulled me by the collar.
“Hey! I’m talking to you, young lady,” Jani said. “Ignoring me and eavesdropping on others, that’s two kinds of impolite right there.”
Her expression told me she was ready to give me a spanking. And not the ‘This hurts more in me than in you’ kind. The ‘You’re a hellspawn I need to set straight’ kind.
I shrugged. “I’m twenty-three,” I said.
“Then act like it,” Jani said, letting go of me. “Now, what were you about to say earlier?”
I blinked. Right, she was just talking about rebuilding the village.
“I was going to call you all stupid,” I said. “Your mining operations up here aren’t worth all that.”
Your majesty, before you judge me, let me explain myself. I know what I said sounds rude on paper, and it definitely sounded rude when you I said it out loud — but I promise it didn’t sound rude in my head.
Jani’s expression grew sour. “You outsiders. Five minutes in here and you already think you know better than all of us.”
“No! I mean, I do, but—”
Jani snatched the cracked bottle right out my hands, then she turned away.
“Wait, no! Please,” I begged, reaching for her arm. “I was just getting started and that bottle is so beautiful and I was gonna and and—”
She was gone, walked into the kitchen without saying another word, taking my precious away. I slammed my fists on the counter. Such a vile viper! How dare she take my toy away while I was still so far from the climax?
Cruel, cruel, cruel. I’m glad she’s dead.
Damn, that makes me sound like a psycho. Gotta remove this on the next draft, too. Note to self: don’t even mention the bottle next time, you can talk about it on your third date with the king (fingers crossed).
Needless to say, the eyes of the entire hall were on me know. Or at least I guess they were I was too caught up in mourning to pay attention.
“Don’t worry, my baby,” I told my hammer, petting him. “We’ll find something nice and sturdy for you and your brothers to break later, ok?”
Yes, I talk to my hammers. Now you may be questioning my sanity, your majesty, but think about it like this. If I’m that nice to hammers, imagine how good I must be with children. (wink, wink).
Lucky for me, an event soon emerged to distract people from questioning my sanity. Baur started to groan.
Now if the name made you frown is because I haven’t mentioned him before. Baur was just another regular citizens of the village, a fat little mineworker in his fifties. And that’s all I know. You’ll see, the man won’t say a single word the entire story.
Ah, he did wear a funny straw hat for some reason. It was old and full of burned out holes, but he still wore it even when sitting inside. Go figure.
Anyway, Baur started to groan and hold his stomach. He had an empty plate of something in his table, and someone announced that he was probably going to puke.
“Not in my hall he isn’t!” Jani roared from the kitchen. “Someone get that slacker outside!”
“I got him!” Orion said, rushing to help the man.
Orion was indeed the right person for the job. After spending so much time enduring Peter, even a bucket of vomit would be pleasant company.
Orion helped Baur get up, passing one of the man’s arms over his shoulder.
“I can help,” Creep said, getting up.
Now I don’t know what is more negative about the Creep offering help. Whether it was the fact that he was an outsider, or that he still had a bulge in his pants.
“Erm… no thanks,” Orion said, helping Baur towards the door.
“B-butt,” Creep started.
Now maybe that “Butt” was meant to have just one ‘T’. But since he never finished his sentence, we’ll never know. Both options are quite possible.
“I said no!” Orion shouted.
The Creep sat back down, growing pale. Then Orion and Baur left the tavern, stepping onto the torrential rain. Which left me — you guessed it — bored.
The twins decided to come down at that moment. They walked into the hall holding hands, and avoided meeting anyone’s gaze. I doubted any of them had fun. But with everyone’s safety in Peter’s hands, the girls’ enjoyment probably wasn’t part of the equation. Dirty business, that.
Peter was nowhere to be found, and the twins sat in silence without mentioning him. My guess is that he was passed out drunk with his pants around his ankles. No reason to worry — there was still more than four hours until the hurricane hit. Plus, I could always teleport away.
Then, just as I was about to resign myself to my upcoming boredom purgatory, a miracle happened. Wrig, my knight in dramatic armor, came downstairs with after-coitus glow on his step and a silly smile on his lips.
“Wrig! Thank Aster!” I called. “Come here, kid! Tell me everything!”
Wrig came over, blushing. His clothes and hair were a mess. Well, more so than before. I padded him on the back.
“Haha, look at how not-a-ghost you are! So nice that she didn’t kill you.”
“Y-yes, I—”
“But she did finish you off, right?” I asked.
He grew as red as carrot but didn’t say a word.
“That’s right, stay quiet. A gentleman never tells. But hey, boy, congratulations. It’s a special moment. Now where is Yara? You two didn’t fight, did you?”
“Oh no, she’s just getting dressed,” Wrig said. “She asked me to come down ahead.”
So Wrig and I did small talk about the weather or something for a couple of minutes. He got himself a beer, which Jani poured without looking in my direction.
Then the tavern’s door opened. Orion stepped in, soaked wet and dragging Baur — who somehow looked worse than he did when leaving. Orion laid Baur on the floor, and the twins rushed to check on him. Orion turned his attention to Wrig.
“Wrig!” He called, striding towards us.
Wrig tensed. “Y-yes sir? Do you want me to check Baur?”
“No. I want to know where my daughter is,” Orion said.
Wrig blushed. “S-she’s upstairs. She said she’d be down soon, but…”
“And where is Peter?” Orion asked.
“He’s upstairs too…” Wrig said. Then his eyes grew wide. “You don’t think?”
But Orion was already rushing upstairs, bearing a concerned frown. Wrig rushed right after him. I’ve gotta congratulate the kid. He stutters a bit, but when it comes down to it, he’s quick to act.
As for me, well, I mustered all of my heroic instincts and directed them towards staying right where I was. Hey, don’t judge me. I’d been walking on mountain terrain for a whole day — no way I was going to climb stairs without being certain there was something interesting and/or broken up there.
And the confirmation came soon, for moments after they went upstairs Wrig’s horrified scream echoed through the tavern. I was the first to rush upstairs, followed by everyone else in the tavern — and the first to find Wrig and Orion, who stood outside an open room.
When I reached them, I found out that the open door led to Peter’s room.
And Peter was inside.
Dead.
I had a real murder to investigate, and Peter was dead — which meant that both my oldest and my newest prayers had been answered at the same time.
Truly, good things happen to good people.

Chapter 3
Black Sheep
Yes, Peter was dead, and he would not be missed. That’s part of the problem. His delightful personality meant that everyone there was a suspect, and that’s before you even factor in his ownership of one of the strongest magical artifacts on earth.
So let’s talk about economics.
Yes, nothing like price figures to wash down a sweet dish of murder, right your majesty? Seriously though, this is important. In fact, it was the first thing in my mind when I saw Peter.
You see, I didn’t mean to be rude to Jani earlier. I really do know more than the locals — It’s my job. As an inspector, I must be able to make a rough estimate of how much profit a given operation should be making, because if a landkeeper is flashing more wealth than he/she should have, then there is probably foul play involved.
Well, the Orimas Village mined mainly for amethyst and emeralds, two gemstones whose prices had been steadily declining in the last five years. Which means they literally couldn’t afford to keep rebuilding this tribe year after year. But they’d rather deal with Peter than go live somewhere else, just because of “tradition”. Dumbasses.
Oops, I’m being rude again, ain’t I? The point is: the orb was offering more than convenience: it was their economic hope too. Now let’s go back to the murder scene.
Turned out I was right earlier. Peter was found lying in blood-soaked sheets with his pants around his ankles. What I hadn’t foreseen was the bone-deep cut on his throat, and the blood. There was blood everywhere. It pooled on the bed around him, it had sprayed on the walls, and there even were red spots on the freaking ceiling. Pretty cool, right?
Peter’s blood glowed with red essence. Well, it glowed more than blood usually does, enough to dye the entire room with red light. A side effect of the orb, I guess?
But I didn’t notice all that on a single glance. I’m not that good. It’s just that while Orion and Wrig were frozen on the hallway, I rushed into Peter’s room, sucking in as many details about the crime scene I could before other’s started buzzing around.
So in that first looking around moment I noticed what I’ve just described you, plus I noticed that the room was well decorated, cozy. Peter had paintings on the walls, his own sheets on the bed — he’d been living there. Peter’s window was closed, and it rattled to the rhythm of the storm outside.
Then the rest of the tavern arrived behind me. Jani, Creep, Torm, and even Baur, who came last, holding his belly and leaning on Vin and Yin for support. There was a collective gasp, followed by a wave of whispers that was cut by Orion’s strong voice.
“The orb!” He said, jumping into the room. He checked under the body’s robes, then under the bed. “Where is it? Vin, Yin, where did he put it?!”
Vin cowered behind her sister as if trying to disappear.
“He still had it on last we saw him, sir,” Yin said.
“The murderer probably took it,” I said.
“Crap, crap, crap,” Orion said. Then he grew pale. “My daughter. Torm!”
“I’ll go check on her,” Torm said, rushing down the hallway.
“The rest of you help me look,” Orion ordered. “Maybe it rolled out somewhere. We need that orb.”
Then I heard sobbing. Turned out it was Wrig, who had sat down outside the room and curled himself into a ball. I walked up to him, glad to escape from the mess the villagers were making.
“Really, Wrig?” I asked. “For Peter?”
Wrig nodded, wiping his nose on his sleeve. “Yes he was a douche, but he still had time to make amends. Not anymore.”
“Well, yeah, but look on the bright side,” I said. “Peter’s death will greatly increase your status.”
“It will?”
“Yes, you’ll be back on your throne as the number one most hated person in this village, what an honor!”
Wrig blinked away a pair of tears and then raised an eyebrow.
“Wait, are you telling me you didn’t notice?” I asked.
Then I heard knocks, someone slamming a fist against a door. “Help!” Called a voice. “Is anyone out there?”
It came from the side opposite from where Torm had gone. I exchanged a look with Orion, then I strode towards the voice, he and his pack of villagers moving after me.
I haven’t described the second floor yet, right? There were about seven rooms up there, with the staircase set right in the middle of the hallway. The entire thing was made of wood, with planks that cracked under our feet, and it was lit by a series of essence lamps. Overall the interior design was pretty bland. I never thought I’d say this in any context, but they should’ve learned from Peter.
“Yes, we’re here,” I called, stopping in front of a closed door. “What’s wrong?”
“We’re locked in here!” Called a male voice. Then he twisted the knob and rattled the door, as if to prove it.
By process of elimination, I figured that was Henry. And by process of using my eyes, I found a key lying on the floor. It had probably been on the keyhole outside but fallen when Henry tried to open the door. So I did the right thing — I quickly and nimbly kicked the key with my heel, so it slid under the door behind me before anyone could see it.
Because you see, vengeance is a dish best served cold.
“Oh nooo,” I said, drawing Biggy. “The couple is stuck and the key is nowhere to be seen! We have to break the door down.”
“Wait!” Jani called. “I have a—”
“Too late! Back away people!”
I swung my hammer, slamming it just under the doorknob. You see, I still had a lot of pent up tension from when my fun with the bottle had ended prematurely earlier, and you don’t want to be in my way when I’m like that.
The impact send a sweet jolt up my arm that rattled me to the bone, and the door burst open, splinters flying from where’d I’d hit it. It swung on its hinges and slammed against the wall, shaking the entire tavern, revealing the scared couple inside the room.
I stepped back, looking… let’s just say disheveled. I’m sure you’ve had girlfriends, so you know how women look in that situation, your majesty. I was so content I could barely hold my hammer.
“What a creep,” Yin said.
I glanced and found the girl frowning at me, holding hands with her twin sister. The rest of the village showed similar confusion, with the exception of the Creep who looked… well, creepy. He was smiling at me in a way that would make even a prostitute blush.
I took a deep breath. Control yourself, I thought. Otherwise you might steal Wrig’s throne.
Oh, and Jani wasn’t confused either. No, she was furious. The room actually seemed to be darker around her as she strode out of the pack and towards me, eyes red with rage. She grabbed me by the collar.
“That’s what you get for taking away my bottle,” I said.
Or at least is that what I wanted to say. But of course, if I had done that, I wouldn’t be here writing you this story right now. So what I actually said was: “Err… I’ll pay for it.”
“You sure will,” Jani said, raising a fist.
I flinched, but Orion’s voice saved me.
“Enough!” The chief shouted. “We’ll deal with her later. Right now figuring out just what the hell happened takes precedent.”
I nodded vehemently. “It’s my true and unbiased opinion that you should listen to the chief, Jani.”
Jani sneered, then she let go of me.
“You two!” She shouted, pointing at the couple inside their room. “What the hell happened here?”
The two cowered as if been hit by a blizzard, then they hugged one another for comfort. The couple was barely dressed, with Henry wearing nothing but his black trousers and Akua wearing just Henry’s shirt, leaving her long legs exposed.
“We don’t know,” Henry said.
“We were too busy coitusing to hear anything,” Akua said.
Yep, coitusing. That’s the verb coitus+ing. Of course, in reality Akua used a much more vulgar term, but there is no coitusing way I’d write that in a letter to the king. I’m already trying to seduce you, no reason to give you another reason to throw me in a dungeon.
“But how did you two get locked?” Orion asked.
“I don’t know,” Henry said. “Before we started, I left the key in the door.”
“But did you lock it?” I asked.
Henry shook his head. “Our hands were busy; I had to kick the door closed.”
“Yeah, we were—” Akua started.
Orion raised a hand. “The details aren’t necessary.”
“You don’t know that. Please, young couple, go on.”
Yep, the Creep said that last one. He was surprisingly eloquent. Dressed well too, wearing riding leathers with a red scarf around his neck. I guess he was rich? Anyway, we all just ignored his comment. No wonder he gave us all fire later.
“And the key is gone?” Orion asked.
The couple nodded.
“The killer must’ve used it,” Jani said, reaching for her neck chain. She showed us a copper key that she was wearing as a pendant. “The only other way would be to use this master key. Which, by the way, I could’ve used to open the door without—”
“We get it, Jani, thank you,” Orion said.
“If the killer knew you two were busy,” I said. “Then he could’ve just opened the door and grabbed the key when you were distracted.”
Akua nodded. “Trust me. If he was walking by, he’d know.”
“Hey, chief!” Torm called, from down the hallway. “Come take a look at this.”
Torm had called from inside Yara’s bedroom, so we all rushed there. With the addition of Henry and Akua, that meant ten people moving together. It was somewhat cramped, but I was too excited to care.
Oh, actually, It was nine people. By that time Baur had already sat on the floor, holding his belly and sweating. I remember because we all had to step over his legs. The man looked pretty spent, groaning under the straw hat that covered most of his face.
I was one of the first to reach Yara’s room, stopping outside the door. It was around eight twenty when we found her. Yara laid on a bed with no sheets, naked except for Torm’s shirt covering her — Torm himself was now shirtless, standing next to the bed. Orion arrived right after me, and the sight of his daughter made him freeze.
“Calm down, sir, she’s just unconscious,” Torm said.
Orion sighed. Then the rest of the group reached us, packing behind us to look into the room.
“Oh wow,” the Creep said. “I hope she’s not cold yet…”
And Orion punched him. He just turned and clocked the Creep right on the jaw. And I must remind you that Orion is the man who looked like he could wrestle a bear. Vin released a tiny gasp of surprise, almost a sneeze; and the Creep lost consciousness right away. Jani grabbed him before he collapsed.
“That wasn’t smart, chief,” Jani said, settling the Creep on the floor.
Orion sighed. “Well, it’s done.” Then he moved to enter the room.
“I’m sure she’ll be fine, chief,” Akua said.
“Let me check her vitals before you use your vord,” Wrig said, moving to enter the room. “Maybe—”
“Stay out of this!” Orion shouted.
Wrig froze. He waited, seemly expecting some kind of explanation. The chief offered none. He walked up to his daughter with reverence, placed a hand on her chest to feel her heartbeat, and then softly brushed a lock of golden hair away from her face.
“My little girl…” he whispered.
Wrig kept standing there, looking dazzled. I leaned towards him.
“Seriously,” I whispered to Wrig. “What did you do to become such a black sheep?”
“I am not a black sheep,” Wrig said.
“Spoke a like a true black sheep.”
Wrig sneered at me. I couldn’t tell whether he was in denial or was truly clueless.
I heard Jani whispering with someone behind me. “I wonder where her sheets went…”
Orion was still standing like a statue, his hand resting on his daughter’s forehead.
“Chief?” Wrig asked. “Check her head for injuries. We need to know whether she got hit or drugged.”
“I already checked, there is no injury,” Torm said. “Plus, there is that.” He pointed at the empty glass on the nightstand.
Orion let out a sarcastic chuckle. “Don’t answer him,” he said. “Wrig obviously already knew the answer.”
“Excuse me?” Wrig asked.
Orion turned to face Wrig. “You did this, Wrig. You did this to my daughter, then you went out and killed Peter.”
Wrig’s entire body tensed. “N-no! I didn’t, I wouldn’t—”
He tried to step back, but Akua and Henry were behind him. They pushed him forward. Wrig stumbled and fell to his knees inside Yara’s room.
Orion walked forward, looking down on Wrig.
“Oh yeah?” The Chief asked. “Well, you were the only one with Yara. You are the only one here who doesn’t have an alibi. And you are the only freaky doctor-wannabe in the village. Who else would know how to manufacture a sedative?”
“Veterinarian!” Wrig said. “I-I want to be a veterinarian, not a d-doctor. And I don’t even have the tools to make drugs…”
Oh, so this is why, I thought. I had a clear picture now. Wrig walking around with books, dissecting animals in the woods, speaking about strange organs and diseases. Any of the three would make him a black sheep in a small town like this, especially with how clueless the kid was.
“I don’t want any excuses, Wrig,” Orion said. “No one else has shown your kind of deviant behavior, and I can think of no one else in this village who’d be unhinged enough to commit such an atrocious murder. So I hereby propose that Wrig be contained in isolation until we can gather enough evidence for a Village Trial. All in favor say aye!”
“Aye!” Said the entire village.
Wrig curled into a little ball on the floor, crying oceans, his frail body shaking with every sob. “Why, everyone? Why…” he whispered.
Wrig wasn’t guilty, that much was obvious. But unfortunately, it was due to a piece of evidence that only I possessed.
“Wait a minute,” I said.
Orion ignored me. “Carry him away, everyone,” he ordered. “Jani, we need a room to keep him. Torm, we’ll need rope. The rest of you—”
“I said wait a minute!” I repeated.
“No,” Orion said. “This is village business and outsiders have no say in it. Take Wrig away, people.”
You know what’s the upside of carrying hammers with you? It’s that you always have hammers with you.
I drew Biggy and placed myself between the crowd and Wrig.
“Hear me out, you morons,” I said. “None you is going to touch this kid.”
“Who the hell do you think you are?” Orion asked.
“Funny you should ask,” I said, reaching into my pocket. I pulled out my ID plaque. “I am Royal Detective Seriel Hardlock, and I’m hereby taking control of this investigation.”
Chapter 4
Fake Detective
Someone as mighty as your majesty probably never laid eyes upon an inspection officer’s ID plaque. It’s a palm-sized rectangle forged out of copper. It contains the royal sigil, my name, my position, and a serial number on it. However, my position and serial number are really squished on the bottom of the plaque, which is a real design flaw. Thanks to that, I could’ve claimed to be the Minister of Defense and Orion would’ve probably believed me.
Just to make sure, I pocket my ID before Orion could take a closer look.
“Stand down, all of you,” I said. “I usually wouldn’t concern myself with the tiny business of a tiny village, but the impending hurricane and your astonishing incompetence made it imperative that I take immediate action.”
It’s important to keep a lie consistent. Right away I decided that I was going for a verbosely rude kind of detective since a nice person would’ve never waited that long to introduce themselves. It was definitely not because I was angry at how they were treating Wrig and felt like slapping those fools around a little bit. Definitely not that.
“Incompetent? What are you talking about, Seriel?” Orion asked. “He’s the only one without an alibi. It’s an open and shut case.”
“First of all, it’s detective Hardlock. Apologize.”
Orion frowned. The room was deadly silent, save from the storm raging outside. Wrig had stopped sobbing, though tears still leaked off the corners of his eyes.
“Apologize, come on,” I said. “I’ll wait.”
Orion blinked a couple of times, more taken abash than offended. “Um… I’m sorry?”
“I’m sorry…?”
“I’m sorry, detective Hardlock,” Orion said.
And just like that, I knew no one would question my lie that night. Man, this ID is very useful. Now, your majesty, your letter said you’d pardon whatever crime I admitted to committing that night. But since it says nothing about the rest of my life, I can neither confirm nor deny using that ID trick a few dozen times before. It was the first time I claimed to be a detective, though. I really liked the sound of “Detective Hardlock” coming from Orion’s mouth. But I digress.
“Very good,” I said. “Now, first of all, most of your idiotic assumptions are wrong. Wrig isn’t the only one without an alibi, and he’s definitely not the only one who would kill Peter. But there is no need for conjecture because I can outright prove Wrig’s innocence.” 
I tapped into my purple vord, then I raised my hand, showing the purple glow on my fingertips. “Who here knows how Command works?”
Orion, Torm, and the twins raised their hands. More people than I expected.
“Good. The rest of you, here’s the summary. I touch a person and give an order. If their eyes glow purple, it means I’ve succeeded and they’ll obey me. For example.”
I grabbed Wrig’s arm.
“Answer truthfully,” I said. “Have you been in Peter’s room today?”
Wrig’s body grew tense, his eyes flashed with purple light. “No, I haven’t,” he said in a monotone.
I let go of Wrig. That’s the second time I used my vord, in case your majesty isn’t keeping score. That meant my purple only had one charge left; then I’d have to wait for it to recharge.
“There you go, folks,” I said. “Wrig hasn’t even set foot in Peter’s room. And since the body clearly wasn’t moved – otherwise the blood would show it --, we can all be sure he’s innocent.”
“But we all helped look for the orb!” Yin protested.
I shook my head. “Not Wrig. He was too busy crying like a — and I mean this in the nicest way possible — a spineless wimp.”
“Thanks a lot,” Wrig said.
“Hey, I just dragged your ass out of the line,” I said, helping Wrig up. “The least you can do is let me mock you.”
“Can you not be so damn cheerful?” Wrig hissed, glancing at Yara.
Wrig’s words made me introspect. I took a moment to check deep into the core of my being until I realized…
“Nop, I don’t think I can,” I said.
Come on, it was my life’s dream coming true: I wasn’t going to let a little bit of murder ruin my mood!
“I can’t believe this freak is a royal detective,” Jani said.
“There is no coitusing way,” Akua agreed.
“I know, it’s as crazy as building a village in a known hurricane zone, isn’t it?” I asked. “Now let’s talk about alibis for a moment.”
“Wait a second,” Henry said. “Detective Hardlock, with all due respect, isn’t this case already over? Can’t you just command us one by one until you find the murderer?”
“Actually, I can’t,” I said. “There is this thing called the complexity/willpower ratio, and stress can affect that. To put it in terms that you simpletons will understand, the stress of me commanding everyone would make you guys resist me more and more as I proceeded. And whenever my command failed I wouldn’t be able to tell whether it was due to guilt or fear. Plus, it’d take too long. How long until the hurricane hits?”
Torm checked his pocket watch. “Based on my earlier predictions, four hours and forty minutes.”
“And since it takes four hours for orb to bond to a new owner…” Orion started.
“We only have forty minutes to find it,” I concluded.
A murmur took over the room, everyone looking concerned. Indeed, forty minutes was nothing. Which meant that, obviously, we couldn’t waste time with panic. I reached for Normy and tapped it on the wall like a judge trying to silence a court.
“Calm down, everyone!” I said. “As I was saying, let’s discuss alibis. Obviously, Wrig isn’t the only person without one. Yara here also doesn’t have one.”
“What?!” Orion asked. “How dare you—”
“I’m just stating the obvious, chief,” I said. “She is the only one without someone to vouch for her. Unless you think someone who isn’t here did it. Is there someone not present?”
Jani shook his head. “The entire village is here.”
“But Yara couldn’t have done it,” Wrig said. “Peter’s killer hit a major artery; whoever did it would be soaked in blood.”
“Not if she used the missing sheets to clean herself,” I said.
Wrig shook his head. “Alone and without water? Don’t you know how sticky blood is?”
“Erm… no, I don’t,” I said.
“Normal people don’t know that, Wrig,” Jani said.
Wrig shrugged. “My point is, I don’t think Yara’s time window was big enough to pull this all off.”
“Yes, Wrig!” Orion said, his expression brightening up. “Good work with that mind of yours. My princess is innocent.”
“Yes, and I’m sure Detective Hardlock can prove it with her vord,” Wrig said. “Why don’t you wake Yara up, chief?”
Orion’s expression closed up right away. “Don’t be stupid. You know I don’t trust vords.”
“Since when?” Wrig asked.
“Since always,” Orion said.
“Wait, wait, let me see if get this straight,” I said. “Orion, you are a Healer?”
He nodded. “I have a green coin, but I’m not using it on my princess. I avoid using it as much as I can since we can’t be sure that these artifacts aren’t evil.”
I sighed and decided right away not to argue with him. I mean, the vord rain was what, six months ago? He was right to be cautious in using them. Hell, I should be more careful too, but I’m the girl who can’t go a day without breaking something, and who’s currently hitting on the king — self-control isn’t my strong suit. It isn’t even in my closet.
“All right, that’s enough debating,” I said. “Orion, coordinate with your people. I want everyone down on the first floor, including our debilitated guests.”
“Why?” Orion asked. “What do you have in mind, detective?”
“Well, their protection for one,” I said. “It’ll be easier to watch over and protect the most vulnerable among us if they are all in the same place.”
“Oh please,” Yin said. “No one in our village would hurt any of these people.”
“Oh really?” I asked. “Just like no one would ever kill Peter? Are you people even taking this seriously?! At least one person here is a murderer! And I won’t have a criminal ruining my night by killing a key witness, all right? So there is a new rule tonight. No one moves alone. You either stay with the group or move around in pairs, understood?”
But after I interrogated them they could go ahead and die, of course. Don’t get me wrong, your majesty, it’s not that I hated those people. It’s just that between trusting Peter, taking away my bottle, and accusing Wrig of murder, they… you know what? I changed my mind; I did hate them. But I’d be damned if I’d let the death of one of them break my precious case just as it was starting to get good.
“We’ll accept those conditions,” Orion said.
Chapter 5
Green Seer
Man, this letter is running long, isn’t it? I’m not going to lie, your majesty, I’m really enjoying sharing all this with you. A piece of my mind, a piece of my soul. Maybe you’re loving me so far, maybe you hate me and just want to get to the end of this. Whatever the case, I’m probably not a faceless name anymore. Seriel Hardlock now occupies a small space in the mind of a great king. My grandma would be proud.
That was me being humble, by the way. I know you love me.
Anyway, we’re past the half-way point, the end is near. Have you picked a favorite suspect yet? Me I was having too much fun with the investigation to even think about that. I wish I could have a nice cup of murder every morning to start the day in the right mood. It’d also make for a nice first date, your majesty. (wink).
The group followed me down to the first floor. Torm carried Creep on his broad shoulders, and Orion carried Yara wrapped on a white sheet that Jani had fetched from another room. She looked like a caterpillar.
Baur was still conscious but in bad shape. The man was bright red and sweating profusely, constantly wheezing out low grunts of pain. He seemed unaware of his surroundings and had to be carried down by Akua and Henry.
The twins and Wrig rushed to pull tables and chairs out of the way when we reached the hall, opening a space for our debilitated companions. Orion carefully placed Yara on the floor, making sure the sheet protected her modesty. Baur was placed next to her. And then Torm dumped the Creep face first on the floor like a bag of trash. We all looked at Torm.
“His thing was poking at my shoulder,” Torm said. “Damn weirdo, even unconscious…”
“Don’t worry, we all wanted to do the same,” Yin said.
“Of all nights,” Jani said. “Why did this have to be the one where we host our weirdest foreigners to date?”
“It’s divine providence, dear,” I said. “If I weren’t ‘weird’, as you say, I’d just have teleported away instead of trying to break this case.”
And, I must add, I’d do it without a drop of guilt. They were the ones who decided to stay in the mountains during hurricane season, after all. Counting on someone like Peter, who seemed as reliable as a drunk toddler with an axe, standing on a cord, balancing a bucket of spiders on his head.
“Wait, you can teleport?” Torm asked.
“Well, yeah, I believe I mentioned that a couple of times already,” I said.
“No you didn’t,“ Jani said.
“Can you teleport us all out of here?” Yin asked.
I shook my head. “It doesn’t work like that. I can only teleport one person beyond myself.”
“Wrig!” Orion called. “What do you think you’re doing?”
I glanced at the boy. He was kneeling down beside Baur, blushing.
“I-I was just going to examine him, sir,” Wrig said.
“I thought you only dealt with animals,” I said.
“I started off studying to be a regular doctor,” Wrig said. “Then I changed.”
“Why?” I asked.
Wrig paused, glancing at the faces that stared him. My question seemed to peak interest from the entire room. They don’t know the answer? I wondered. Just how isolated is this kid? “Well, I only studied because I wanted to help the village,” Wrig said. “I was getting really good reading my father’s books. But then the vords came and Orion got healing powers. My medicine became useless. So I thought if I learned about animals, I could… you know… help.”
“Help how, Wrig?” Orion asked. “We don’t have any pets.”
“I know, but… forgive me, sir, but I realized we’re having money troubles,” Wrig said. “I figured that if I learned enough, we could start raising some animals around here, and that would increase our revenue.” He granted us a shy smile. “I wanted it to be a surprise, though.”
I don’t know why Wrig though he needed veterinary knowledge to become a herdsman; you’d have to ask him, your majesty. What I do know is that the revelation made Orion deeply disturbed for some reason.
“I see…” Orion said. “So for all this time, you…” He shrugged, and for a moment I thought he would apologize to Wrig. But he did no such thing.
Wrig just frowned. I grinned. That clueless child. Without even trying, he’d just added a nice crack to his black sheep status.
“All right, Wrig,” I said. “Examine Baur, let me know what you find.”
The other villagers were making themselves comfortable. Henry and the twins pulled oak chairs for themselves. Torm and Akua were following Jani to the bar. I don’t blame them for turning towards alcohol in such a hard moment — I too wouldn’t want to die without toasting to Peter’s death at least once. ‘We outlived you for four hours, you bastard,’ I would say. ‘Totally worth it!’
Too bad I busy playing the serious detective.
I raised my voice. “Folks, we’ve gotta come up with a strategy to find the orb,” I said. “But before we proceed, are there any other vords in this village? Beyond Orion’s green?”
“Mine is the only one,” Orion said. “We used to have a blue coin, but we sold it.”
“You wouldn’t know—” I started.
“Torm is an Air Master,” Orion said. “We checked. He can bond to the orb when we find it.”
I nodded. Those were great news. The last thing we wanted was to give the orb to someone random only to find out four hours later that his/her blue power is fire.
“What about you, Detective Hardlock?” Orion asked. “Got any other power we should know about?”
“Nop, I only have teleport and command,” I said. “From a circle and a coin, respectively.”
“What about that other power you mentioned?” Wrig asked. “Seeing or something?”
Yes, I had a green vord. And an extra power that would’ve been very useful before. No, I had not forgotten about it again. Why would even think that? I remembered the vord. In fact, I remembered it so hard that I got pale when Wrig brought it up. You know, because of how stupid I would not look because I had not forgotten my green. Not at all, no way.
Calm down, Seriel, I told myself. Maybe they don’t know what a Seer does.
“Detective, you are a Seer?” Orion asked. “That can be so useful!”
Shoot! I thought. I thereby did what any responsible adult should do when caught in a pinch. I honestly and calmly…
“No, I’m not,” I said. “Wrig doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”
…admitted that Wrig had made a mistake. Always shift blame on the young ones, they’re more likely to be forgiven and less likely to hit you. Take it from someone who likes to break other people’s stuff. And I’m not saying that it happens often, or that I’ve given this a lot of thought, but you should know that a dog takes precedent to this rule whenever ChildAge<DogWeight/2.
Ahem, continuing.
“Wrig doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” I said.
“But—” Orion started.
“If I had something so conveniently useful, I’d have used it by now,” I said. “I’m not an idiot.”
Which is, of course, the second phrase most used by idiots. Right before ‘I know what I’m doing’.
“I know what I’m doing,” I concluded. Wrig was about to speak, and I shot him a shut-up look that made him shrivel.
I wasn’t trying to keep my power a secret just to prevent embarrassment, of course. It was also so the culprit didn’t know about it. Knowledge is power, after all, and the last thing anyone wanted was for this case to end with the orb in our hands but the mystery still unsolved. It was too risky. Just think about it. When Jani took my bottle before I was finished, I broke down a door. But if my first murder case ended with me unsatisfied… I’m afraid Biggy’s wrath would turn that entire village asunder; there would be nothing left for the hurricane.
I checked my watch. “We’ve got thirty-five minutes, people,” I said. “Orion, coordinate with your people. I want everyone in pairs, checking this place up and down. Under beds, out windows, inside pillows — check everything. Maybe we’ll get lucky.”
“All right,” Orion said. “But we should leave someone to guard the debilitated.”
“We can do it,” Yin said, pointing at herself and her twin. “We’re not fighters, but we can scream.”
“That will work,” I said. “Get moving, people. I’ll join you as soon as I have a word in private with Wrig regarding Baur.”
Orion nodded, then he got to work, gathering his people next to the bar. I pulled a confused Wrig by the arm, towering towards a table on the corner of the tavern, far away from the bar and next to the window. Yin and Vin didn’t join the other villages, instead they pulled chairs to sit next to the debilitated, with both twins deliberately avoiding to step too close to the blacked out creep.
I sat with my back against the wall so I could watch over the room. Orion was deciding who would search where, while Jani urged them not to break anything.
“Sit down,” I told Wrig.
“If we’re going to talk about Baur we really should include—” he started.
“We will not,” I said. “I mean, we will, but that’s not why I want you alone. Now sit. What’s wrong with the old man?”
Wrig nodded, pulling himself a chair. “He’s got swollen belly and a lot of pain, so I guess… food poisoning, maybe?”
“Well, that’s helpful,” I said. “Is ‘belly’ even a doctor-ish term?”
Wrig blushed. “I said I was studying, I never said I’m any good. Look, he probably just accepted a bet and ate something stupid again. He ate his own vord once because of that.”
“His was the one that was sold?”
Wrig nodded.
The villagers spread out. Jani, Torm, and Akua took off to the second floor while Orion and Henry left the tavern hall through a side door. I don’t actually know where that lead — I assume more rooms, or maybe Jani’s home. The twins were far enough and weren’t paying attention to us. Wrig and I could speak safely.
“Alright, we’re clear,” I whispered. “Here’s the thing, Wrig. I’m going to use my seeing, and I need you to be my wingman.”
“But you said—”
“I lied, obviously,” I said. “Pay attention, kid.”
Wrig sighed. “All right, what is seeing?”
“It’s as the name suggests,” I said. “Once I tap into the vord, I’ll be able to see gatherings of essence for two minutes. In laymen terms, I’ll be able to see both vords and people through clothes and even walls.”
Wrig frowned. “So you literally can snap your fingers and find the orb.”
“Yes, if I wished to be flamboyant about it.”
“And you didn’t use it before.”
“I know what I’m I am doing.”
Fun fact, if you say “I know what I’m doing” three times in front of a mirror, a fairy appears and gives you a golden medal that reads ‘word’s dumbest person’.
Wrig shrugged. “All right, so what do you need me for?”
“I told you, you’re my wingman,” I said. “You’re from here, you know stuff I don’t, people react to you in a different way, and you’re the only one here I know is innocent. Plus, we can balance each other out. I’m smart and you are dum— I mean, erm… unique.”
Wrig frowned. “Unique how?”
“Er… I know what I’m doing?” I said, hoping it was the right answer.
“Ah, like an instinct? You feel I’m the right person?”
I sighed. It’s great to work with clueless people sometimes, isn’t it your majesty?
“Yes, that, exactly,” I said.
“All right. If it means saving my people, I’m with you,” Wrig said. “Now come on, find the orb.”
I nodded, then I reached mentally for the coin hanging from my necklace, tapping into it. Warm essence flowed out of the coin, into my chest, and up my body until reaching my eyes. My irises turned bright green, and then I saw.
Essence is the base of life, your majesty. I’m sure you know that. But unless you also happen to be a Seer, I doubt you realize how beautiful the energy that flows inside of you really is.
Wrig, who sat just in front of me, started to glow. A sphere of concentrated white essence shone inside his chest, spinning into a misty vortex, stuck in perpetual movement. Its glow was blinding, and yet I didn’t squint — it was as if I was seeing with something other than my eyes.
That’s the human soul. Or at least that’s what I like to believe. It sure looks beautiful enough to be. More beautiful than even an orb, and far more shining.
Beyond the soul, the essence also flowed through Wrig’s veins, and lingered on his flesh, shifting to a reddish tone the farthest it was from the soul. But since the essence is less dense on the veins, it becomes hard to notice with my Seeing.
“Detective Hardlock?” Wrig asked. “Anything wrong?”
I blinked. I had literally become distracted by Wrig’s inner beauty. I looked around. I could essence see through walls, but I actually couldn’t see through Wrig — souls are just too bright. So I stood up and continued scanning the tavern around me.
Since I saw them by their souls and the essence in their veins, people who were in other rooms looked like distant balls of light with several threads hanging from them. Since I imagine your majesty is the textbook definition of sexiness, you just have to imagine what I saw as the opposite of what you see in the mirror every morning.
Or you can just, you know, imagine the shape of a person made out of a bowl of pasta that had been tossed on the wall. But in this metaphor it’s harder to call your majesty sexy.
It was hard to tell people aside just by their essence, but looking around I spotted two people on the first floor (not counting everyone in the main hall with me) and three on the second floor. One of the souls in the first floor had a speck of green essence right above it — that’d be Orion’s vord, hanging from his necklace. Though it was close enough to his soul that he had to be facing my direction in order to me to see it.
Which is, I assume, the reason why carrying vords in necklaces has become a fashion.
“So, can you see it?” Wrig asked.
I shook my head. I ran my eyes through everyone again, looking even our three disabled friends — Yara, Baur, and the Creep, who still laid face down where Torm had dumped him, drooling on the wooden floor. His expression was just twisted enough to make it look like he was smiling.
I’ve gotta hand it to him. It takes a lot of talent to earn the name “Creep” even while unconscious, but he did it. What a champ.
Anyway, I checked them all, the entire tavern, I even looked out the tavern, for in case the criminal had tossed the orb out a window — but I found no sign of it anywhere. I sat back down.
“All right,” I whispered. “We might have a problem.”
Over Wrig’s shoulder, I spotted the twins staring at me awkwardly. To them, I had just been staring at walls and the ceiling for the last thirty seconds.
“What’s the problem?” Wrig asked. “You made the power sound like it was infallible.”
“I thought it was,” I said. “I’m a bit new to this seeing thingy, alright?”
“Is ‘seeing thingy’ even a detective-ish term?” Wrig asked, with a grin.
“Don’t make me hammer that smugness out of you,” I said.
“All right, all right, let’s think this through,” Wrig said. “Is there any way to hide from your seeing power?”
“Well, I hear that swallowing a vord works, but the orb is too big for that,” I said. “But maybe… maybe if the criminal has the orb very close to the chest, and is standing just in the right position, it could hide the orb from me, I think.”
“Well, that wasn’t very helpful,” Wrig said.
“Seriously, I’ll hammer you,” I said. “I never figured you for vindictive.”
“I guess your confidence is rubbing off on me,” Wrig said. “With a big city detective like you at our side, we’ll be fine.”
I grinned. Of course, I wasn’t really a detective, nor was I confident. My orb close to the chest theory was a long shot, and I had no idea where to go after that.
“Come on, I know exactly what to do,” I said, standing up. “Let’s check on the others up close, make sure the walls aren’t interfering.”
That made no sense, of course. I just wanted and excuse to walk a little, get the blood pumping, and talk to people. My hopes were now deposited on my purple vord. I needed intel to come up with commands that would give me more clues.
I may seem pretty confused to you now, your majesty, but I want you to relax. This letter isn’t going to end with the reveal that I didn’t solve the murder, or that I did it due to simple dumb luck.
Trust me, I know what I’m doing.
Chapter 6
Ten Minutes
Your majesty is probably aware of a glaring omission on my hidden orb theory: Eswood. Obviously, a simple box of Eswood would’ve hidden the orb from my green sight. The reason I haven’t mentioned it is because, at the time, I had never heard of the stuff. Lucky for me Eswood wasn’t relevant for the case.
Wrig and I went straight to the second floor. I decided to start from there because, on top of green seeing, I also wanted to go through Peter’s stuff with more calm, without a cloud of scared villagers buzzing around me.
The staircase ended in the hallway’s midpoint. When I emerged from it, I found Jani to my right, kneeling and examining the door I’d broken; and Akua to my left, holding a wooden later that lead to a latch on the ceiling. I hadn’t seen that latch before, and I couldn’t tell whether it lead to a attic of the rooftop. Neither place seemed appealing in the middle of a storm.
I still had a few seconds of green vision left, and I could see someone standing up there — wherever there was. Since Jani and Akua were in the hallway, I assumed it was Torm who stood there, staring into the horizon.
Akua turned to glance at me when I arrived, and Jani was already facing me, which gave me clear vision of their chests. Neither woman was hiding the orb next to their soul.
“So, you’re finally done with your private meeting,” Jani said. “Anything you feel like sharing?”
Akua turned her attention back to the closed hatch, so I strode to where Jani was kneeling down. The door’s handle was slightly bashed in, and she was trying to unbend the dark metal with her bare hands.
“Not really,” I said. I pointed at the door. “That isn’t going to work, you know.”
“I’ve gotta try,” Jani said.
“That door means that much to you?”
“If you must know, this room belonged to my son,” Jani said. “Who died on a mountain slide, while trying to save a bag of orphan puppies, who he managed to protect until his last breath. This room is where he’d make shoes for the tribe’s children, and he often complimented the door. You know, the door that you broke so casually.”
I chuckled. Jani and Wrig shot me piercing looks.
“Oh gods, you’re serious,” I said. Then I cleared my throat. “Sorry for your loss.”
“Are you here just to chitchat, or are you going to search?” Jani asked. “Time is running.”
“Actually, I was going to ask the same,” Wrig said. “Why aren’t you searching?”
“I have my reasons,” Jani said.
Well, that’s not suspicious at all, I thought.
I wished I could command her reasons out of her, but hatred doesn’t make one willing to speak, so I doubt any Command from me on her would pass the Complexity/Willpower barrier. Unless the command was “please punch me for metaphorically destroying the soul of your ludicrously perfect son, who probably pooped rainbows and was put on earth just to make all other mortals look bad.”
Plus, you know, my purple vord was empty now. It would be ten minutes before it go charged again. Until then, I could still use Jani to find questions I could command onto other people.
It was around then that my green seeing charge finally ended.
“So, who do you think did it?” I asked. “Who killed Peter?”
“That’s up to Orion to decide,” Jani said. “I’ll just follow his lead.”
“Simple like that?”
“Simple like that,” Jani said. “He’s always been the one to handle hard decisions.”
“What about you, Wrig?” I asked. “Who do you think did it?”
“I don’t know,” Wrig said. “If I hadn’t seen the body, I’d never believe one of us did something like that. I still don’t. I hope it was someone else, some dark villain who’s hiding in the storm.”
So I had the opinions of a mindless minion and a deluded dreamer, two of the world’s topmost crime solving archetypes. Great. Maybe I should change this on the second draft, so I won’t dazzle your majesty with my mad witness choosing skills.
Or maybe not. Jani’s testimony did end up being useful after all. Plus, I didn’t have any solid theories either, so who I am to judge?
“Well, thank you two for talking,” I said. “Come on Wrig, I want to check Peter’s room.”
I strode past Jani. As I moved, I tapped into my green vord again. I used it to check on the villagers downstairs, make sure they weren’t doing anything funny. I also hoped that the different angle would allow me to spot something new. I had no such luck.
I’ve gotta admit, your majesty, I was feeling a bit down back them. Not only because my hopes of cracking the case seemed ever more distant, but also from learning how Jani’s son died in a mountain slide. It really rocked me. 
Sorry, poor choice of words. How do I say this…
It was like a ton of weight hung over my head, trying to crush me. As if I could cave in to the depression at any moment, and hit rock bottom. Ok, I’ll stop before I bury you alive with my puns. I wouldn’t want you to suffocate under my collapsing performance.
I’m terrible.
I reached Peter’s room. His body hadn’t gone anywhere, respecting the secret vow of immobility long upheld by all corpses on earth. Peter’s jaw hung open, and while the blood sprayed on the walls and ceiling was beginning to dry out, the sheets surrounding the body still looked pretty moist. The floor was covered in Peter’s personal objects, left there after the villager’s search of the room.
My green vord was still on, so I also saw Peter’s essence. His soul was gone, but some whispers of the essence still lingered in his flesh and blood. Pale red essence escaped from his remains, floating lazily upward, forming a tin cloud around the corpse.
It struck me how silent the room was. In fact, the entire tavern was quiet. I had been philtering out the rattle caused by the storm, but now that noise was gone. Only a soft drizzle fell outside.
“It looks like the storm is losing strength,” I said, striding into the room. “I wonder if that’s a good sign…”
Wrig didn’t answer, prompting me to glance over my shoulder. The kid was pale, standing outside the door like he’d been nailed to the floor.
“What’s wrong?” I asked. “You look like you saw a dead person.”
“Yeah, I wonder why…” Wrig said.
I shrugged, then I placed a hand on Wrig’s shoulder. The kid was shaking more than me after five days without breaking anything.
“Look, kid, I know this is hard,” I said. “I could use your expertise, but if it’s too much, you can sit this one out. Anyone would feel uncomfortable with such a gruesome scene.”
Wrig gave me a slightly surprised look, which really hurt. What, did he think I didn’t have a heart? Think about it, your majesty. Would a heartless woman do jokes about someone else’s dead son? Of course she would! So I obviously have a heart.
Damn, that rationalization fell flat under a rock.
“You don’t seem uncomfortable at all,” Wrig said.
“Of course I’m not, I’m a freak,” I said.
Wrig’s jaw dropped a little.
“What, you think the king appoints sane people to deal with gruesome crimes every day?” I asked. “That’d be irresponsible.”
Yes, of course I know detectives aren’t directly appointed by you, your majesty. And before you ask, yes, I failed the interview to join Fahist’s Citywatch Academy, which is why I settled for Inspection Officer — it has a harder written test, but no interview.
I’m still not sure why interviewers don’t like me. I’m so charming. Maybe the size of my baby hammers intimidated them?
Wrig chuckled. “You really think I can help?”
“I wouldn’t have brought you if I didn’t,” I said.
Wrig nodded, then he clenched his fists. “I’ll do it,” he said. “For the good of the village.”
He actually managed to stop his own shaking. Yes, your majesty, Wrig hides quite a bit of willpower underneath that pathetic exterior of his. You’ve gotta keep an eye on him — I’m sure that kid will be something to look at when he grows up.
“Come on,” I said, moving back into the room. “I want you to check Peter’s body.”
“What am I looking for?” Wrig asked.
“Anything that stands out,” I said.
I had already taken a good look when we’d found the body, so instead of wasting time looking over it again I focused my attention on Peter’s personal stuff. The villagers had already turned the room upside down so I doubted the orb would be in there, but that didn’t mean there were no more clues.
I strode to where the content of Peter’s drawers had been dumped on the floor, next to the window. On my way were the remains of a beer bottle, which had beautifully broken into a dozen crystal shards that reflected the lamp’s blue light like a cluster of stars left on the floor. I stepped on the shards on my way to the window, breaking them into smaller pieces, adding stars to that sky.
So wonderful. How can people call me crazy for loving something that turns bottles into stars? I could write about just that all night, but then I’m afraid your majesty would make a practical demonstration of the beauties of breaking using my face as a subject, which would be… a pretty good date, actually. Painful, yes, but after it I’d have one hell of a story to tell.
I knelt among Peter’s personal objects. There wasn’t a whole lot of stuff. A small dagger with no blood on it, a few loose coins, an old steel canteen, a pair of female underwear (don’t ask me why), and some other things. But what really caught my eyes was a palm sized plaque, made out of polished copper. Lying face down, the card looked exactly like my Inspector Officer plaque. 
I grabbed it, and found out it was another kind of ID. It was Peter’s Vord Registration Card, which marked him as a blue orb owner.
“Holy cow…” I whispered. “Wrig, have you seen this?”
Wrig glanced at me. His hands were red from touching Peter’s body.
“Your Detective License?” He asked.
“No, this belonged to Peter,” I said. “Did he tell any of you about this?”
Wrig shrugged. “Never seen it,” he said. “But I rarely spoke to the man either. The only ones ‘close’ to him were Yin, Vin, and Orion. Why? What’s that?”
“This, my friend, is a promise of war,” I said. “You see, since the vords came, the murder rate of vord owners has been through the roof. People love power, money, and prestige, and obtaining a vord as big and rare as an orb will give you all three. Enough of the three, in fact, that no one will question the suspiciously red knife you’re holding next to the body that just ‘fell down some stairs’.”
“Well, that’s sad, but if the other orb owners are as delightful as Peter was, I can see that happening,” Wrig said.
“I know, right? I’m only even investigating this because I always wanted to— Err, I mean, because they were about to convict an innocent boy. Obviously.”
“Thanks for that, by the way,” Wrig said.
“Anytime,” I said. And Aster bless your cluelessness, Wrig.
“Anyway,” I continued. “To prevent killings, the king created this.” I raised the license. “A national system that allowed every orb or core owner to register for royal protection. In exchange for disclosing your local of residence and your vord powers to the Ministry of Defense, the Crown promises to personally retaliate against anyone that tries to steal your vord or — in case you die — promises to return it to your next of kin.”
“I see,” Wrig said. “So that’s to scare anyone out of killing an orb-owner.”
I nodded. “King Lius the Irongauntled doesn’t screw around. The man is powerful enough that I bet he can strip girls with just a look. You’d have to be insane to cross him without a plan.”
Don’t worry, your majesty. I’d never alter a single line of dialog just to impress and flatter you — that’s the job of the entire letter.
“But to keep his license,” I continued. “Peter would need to confirm his location at a Ministry of Defense post every other week. Did you notice him climbing down the mountain in these intervals?”
“Matter of fact I did,” Wrig said. “Tough he didn’t climb, exactly. He used his wind to make tall leaps, so he sorta bounced all the way down.” He grinned. “It was kinda cute.”
I clenched my hand around the card. “So this is an valid license,” I said. “If the criminal knew about this, it changes everything.”
I could swear the card grew heavier at that moment. Very heavy. Heavy enough that I could use it to burst that entire case into pieces.
Honestly, I never imagined Peter would do something as responsible as registering himself. The orb license program was, what, two months old when he died? I only heard about it because it had been big gossip among royal employees. Peter must’ve been one of the first to register.
Deep down inside that buffoon there must’ve been an ounce of a paranoid. Maybe that’s why he’d chosen to live in that isolated village. We’ll never know.
“Forgive me, Detective Hardlock, but I don’t see how it changes anything,” Wrig said. “Unless you can somehow contact the other public officials, this only means that the king will come and find the orb after the hurricane has killed us all.”
I froze. I actually could contact the Ministry of Defense officials. There was an outpost down the street from my house, which was the only spot on earth I could teleport to at that moment. But that would mean abandon the case right as I was about to crack it.
It meant that the dream would end, Detective Hardlock would die, and Inspector Seriel would have to go to the office on the next morning. Back to be shouted at because she failed to cross the mountains, even though a hurricane was always a risk and it hadn’t been her fault. Even though she tries so hard.
And after all was said and done, I’d be forgotten. I’d be “the freaky girl who just happened to have an orange vord”. No one would even bother telling me how the case had ended. Even Wrig would forget my face.
“Detective?” Wrig asked. “Are all right, ma’am?”
I shook my head, banishing those thoughts. “I’m alright.”
“You’re crying,” Wrig said.
“I’m not.”
I wasn’t. I just had a bit of lady sweat coming out of my eyes — nothing boys would understand. And my sweat made me realize how important that nigh was for me. No, I’m not going back just yet, I decided. Let’s save the teleport for a last resort.
“Anyway, what was that you asked?” I said.
“I asked how the license changes anything,” Wrig said.
“Oh, that,” I said, standing up. “Well, it’s obvious when you look at the big picture. Think about it. How long, after you came down to the hall, it took for you and Orion to find Yara unconscious?”
“I don’t know, three minutes?” Wrig said.
“Around that,” I said. “And in that window the killer sedated Yara, killed Peter, cleaned him or herself, hid the Orb, the murder weapon, and the bloody sheets, all in time to join the other worried villagers before anyone noticed that someone was missing. 
“Granted, if the killer was Yara herself or the couple that was locked on the second floor, that last step wouldn’t be necessary. But still that was a tight window. And despite the short time, and my green seer ability, and me saving your hide, we still haven’t found a single piece of hard, damming evidence.”
“Yeah, I noticed,” Wrig said. “You have a point, or you’re just trying to make me depressed?”
“My point is that this criminal’s plan is damn perfect, executed with killer precision,” I said. “He’s in no way planning on getting caught. And if he moved forward despite knowing about the license…”
“Then he was ready to fool the king himself,” Wrig realized. “Holy cow. That’s why we are so lost. We’re mere dogs facing someone who was expecting a hoard of lions.”
I nodded. “Good news is that this person probably has a way to save us from the hurricane, so we don’t have to worry about finding the orb in…” I checked my watch. “Huh, we’re three minutes too late for that already. Time flies.”
“The others must be panicking,” Wrig said. “Should we go warn them?”
“No!” I hissed. “Don’t you see? We finally have an advantage! The criminal might not know I understand the meaning of the license. You friends will survive a bit of tension.”
Wrig nodded. “What do we do next, then?”
“We act normally,” I said. “And go check Yara’s room. Because if the killer isn’t her—”
“And I’m sure it isn’t,” Wrig said.
“Then the killer put her up to inviting you here,” I said. “Because I doubt that note was a coincidence. She might have even known about the plan — this thing is complex enough that we have to start thinking about multiple culprits.”
Wrig nodded. The kid was pale, his breathing uneasy. It made notice that my heart was racing. We were both feeling the same thrill — that mix of fear, excitement and intrigue that only a mystery can give. Because, you know, there is no way a strong-willed go getter like Wrig was just scared like hell.
“Come on,” I said, leading Wrig out of the room. “Did you find anything on Peter’s body at all?”
“Nothing new, sorry,” Wrig said, as we stepped onto the hallway. “Torm? What’s wrong?”
Torm was sitting on the hallway with his back to the wall, soaked wet and staring blankly at the floor. Jani and Akua were kneeling down next to him, looking worried. Further down the hallway the latter still stood where it had been forgotten, leading to the open hatch on the ceiling. The hatch gave view to the cloudy sky above.
“He’s been like this ever since he got back from the roof,” Akua said. “He won’t tell us what happened.”
“Just leave me alone,” Torm said. “I’m fine.”
Wrig and I exchanged a glance. Then I strode toward, tapping into my purple. My digits glowed with purple essence, and I placed a hand on Torm’s shoulder.
“Answer truthfully,” I said. “What’s wrong?”
Torm’s eyes shone purple. “I screwed up my prediction,” he said. “The hurricane won’t arrive in four hours. We may not even have ten minutes.”
Chapter 7
Emergency Meeting
“Oh gods,” Orion said. “How the hell did this happen?”
“I told you I was worried!” Torm said. “I told you I need to feel the winds! You ignored me!”
“I was a little distracted!” Orion said, running a hand through his hair. “I didn’t expect…”
“Well, now we’re all dead,” Torm said.
“Don’t talk like that!” Yin said.
And from there the conversation escalated into a loud discussion between the villagers. I sighed, pulling myself a chair. We were all back on the main hall, where Jani had gathered everyone despite my protests, and warned them of their impending doom. I’m so glad she ignored my warnings. I mean, clearly, there is no incentive to productivity greater than removing everyone’s hope. It’s second only to setting your workforce on fire, right, your majesty?
The villagers were eloped in their performance of “We’re All Going to Die so we Obviously Must Waste Time Shifting Blame” next to where the debilitated laid down. Meanwhile, I sat on a table next to the bar. Wrig had stayed next to me ever since we found Torm, and now he sat by my side.
While the others amateurs traded shouts and accusations, Wrig behaved like a pro. He sat in silence, pale, sweating tricking from his temples, eyes shifting from window to window. Because you see, amateurs need to stand up, but a true pro can panic ten times harder without moving a muscle.
“If you have a plan, detective,” Wrig said. “Now’s the time to share it.”
I shrugged. “Nah, let them vent a little longer.”
Truth be told, I didn’t have a plan. I could still grab Wrig and teleport away, leaving all those innocent people behind, but then the hurricane would come and tear people and buildings to pieces without discrimination, and all that senseless cruelty would make it very hard for me to ever crack the case.
What kind of heartless person would put herself above such a great mystery? Truly there would be no greater tragedy that night than the loss of a good murder case — my first case ever. It made me envy of those villagers — they’d be too busy being torn to pieces to be affected by that tragedy.
So I did what any hero would do, your majesty, I decided I’d solve that case at all costs, even if it meant tossing those dumb villagers at the hurricane to slow it down (make them be useful for a change).
Then my conscience would be at peace.
The villagers kept arguing, the shouting always on the verge of escalating into something physical. I didn’t pay them much mind, instead using the time to rifle through my options. I didn’t want panic to break out in the first place, but now that it was out of control, I wondered if I could use it for my goals.
As my mind raced I let my gaze wander out one of the windows, trying to pierce the night’s darkness. The rain outside was just a drizzle, and yet Torm claimed that the hurricane was just moments away. How many moments? He wouldn’t say. The villagers seemed to think that he was trying to protect them from the truth. My guess is that this “Local Hurricane Expert”, like many locally grown vegetables, was full of natural fertilizer the whole time.
But that doesn’t matter. Clearly, the hurricane was far enough away that I’m still alive to tell this story.
It took me just one minute to come up with an idea: instead of looking for the orb, I’d just make the criminal hand it to me. But first of all, I had to get the attention of a room full of angry people, so I decided to mix work with pleasure. Time to show another one of the wonderful applications of breaking.
I strode to the bar and fetched a bottle behind the counter, leaving a couple of coins on the balcony to pay for it. Then I set the bottle on the table and drew Biggy. I swung my hammer at the bottle, exploding it into a cloud of glass shards that flew towards the wall.
You see, your majesty, people don’t usually go around breaking stuff. So when you just get up and explode something with no warning, it puts them on edge. My stunt got the entire room silent. It’s a nice move; I call it the Court Shusher. (Warning: do not try in an actual court, unless you really trust the size of your hammer).
“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt ya’ll,” I said, staring the silent tavern, Biggy still in my hands. “But since I’ve got your attention, why don’t we discuss my plan to save your hides?”
The villagers looked like a painting, frozen in place the moment I exploded the bottle. Orion, for example, was holding Torm by the collar, his other hand forming a fist. Then the chief had a flash of self-consciousness that made him blush. He let go of Torm, cleared his throat, and then said:
“All right, Detective. Let’s hear it.”
I nodded. “We have to remember that the killer is one of the people in this room,” I said. “Which means that he or she is as scared as you are. The criminal doesn’t want to die, especially not after pulling off a perfect crime. So I’m going to address the guilty person — or party — directly now. If you want to live, make the orb appear. You don’t have to assume the guilt, just find a way to get the orb in my hands, and I can save you all.”
Of course, my hope is that the short notice and the panic would make the culprit commit a mistake, so I could finally crack that case. Or better yet, maybe it’d create discord among all the criminals involved. That’d make them all more vulnerable to my purple vord.
“Save us how?” Orion asked. “Torm said we have less than an hour. You can’t bond to an orb that quickly.”
“If you’re thinking about Peter’s license, forget it,” Yin said. Vin nodded vehemently beside her sister. The two girls were holding hands.
“Yeah there is no coitusing way the Ministry of Defense can get here so quickly,” Akua agreed. 
So Peter told them about it, I thought. Which means the entire village probably knows about it. Well, the entire village except for all the stuff on the bottom of the social structure, like the walls, the doors, and Wrig.
Poor Wrig. At the time I didn’t know that it wasn’t really his fault.
“I’m not going to the ministry,” I said. “Because you’re right, there is bureaucracy, they wouldn’t get here fast enough. No, I’m going after the landkeeper who lives two streets down from my house. He’s a wealthy man who owns literally dozens of vords; his honor guard can fly in here and evacuate this place in minutes.”
What, your majesty, you never heard about a landkeeper so rich, powerful, and convenient to the plot? That’s because he’s a great man, elected by the honorable council of I-just-made-him-up. Truth is, I’ve never even seen a landkeeper in person, or any noble for that matter.
I know what you’re thinking, but trust me, lying then was the responsible thing to do. Lying like that in a situation where people can prove you wrong — now that would be irresponsible.
“But why do you need the orb?” Orion asked.
“The landkeeper won’t risk his man out of the kindness of his heart,” I said. “The orb is a bribe.”
“Detective or not, we can’t trust this outsider, chief,” Jani said. “She’ll just take the orb and disappear.”
“Yeah, that’s how teleporting works,” I said. “I’ll disappear and reappear at my house, but then I’ll send you guys help.”
“I don’t like this,” Yin said.
“Me neither,” Torm said.
“Hey you don’t get to complain,” Henry said. “It’s your fault we’re even in this bind.”
“Yeah, you tell him, honey,” Akua said.
“Hey, I don’t control the winds,” Torm said. “And I didn’t kill the fool who did it either.”
“Enough!” Orion said. “Unless anyone’s got a better plan, we’ll have to trust Detective Hardlock.”
“She’s a good person, everyone,” Wrig said. “Just a bit quirky, that’s all.”
“Of course you would say that, freak,” Akua said. “She saved your skin.”
“What’s the name of this landkeeper, detective?” Jani asked.
Well, I’ll admit I wasn’t expecting them to ask me that. Lucky for me, I’m great with fake names.
“He’s, um… Keeper… Realname…son,” I said.
“Keeper Realnameson?” Jani asked.
I nodded. “Yes, that’s it. Keeper Realnameson the Third. Don’t tell me you never heard of him? His grandfather was the fruit of the marriage between the Name family and the Real family, a union that ended a two-century long feud.”
That’s the trick to lying, your majesty. Absolute confidence. If you can pull that off, people will either believe you or admit you into an Asylum — but they’ll not call you a liar (in front of you).
Jani gave Orion an exasperated look. “Can you believe any of that?” She asked.
“Sounds too crazy to be made up,” Orion said. “Still, we can’t sell the orb. Our village needs it.”
“Please, chief, everyone,” Wrig said, standing up. “We are about to lose everything, any sacrifice is a step up from that. We’ll rise again after this, rebuild, move on. We’ve always been a strong people — that’s why I’m proud of being an Orisay. Whoever has the orb, just handle it to the detective. We won’t judge you, I promise — everyone here wanted Peter dead. Let’s make amends and stand together.”
Bloody hell, just writing this gave me chills. Wrig’s awesome! I almost clapped at the end of that speech, and his impact on the room was clear. Some looked at Wrig with surprise; others avoided meeting his gaze altogether. The kid had taken the ‘Black Sheep’ label that hung over his head and blasted it to smithereens. Or so I thought, until… well, keep reading, your majesty.
After Wrig’s speech followed a moment of silence, as everyone seemed to expect the person next to them to step up and confess to the murder. No one did.
“Come on…” Wrig whispered.
“Maybe the killer was one of the disabled?” I asked.
“It wasn’t Yara!” Wrig hissed.
“Both the Creep and Baur have alibis,” Orion said. “No, the culprit is one of us. Detective, I’m afraid I’ll need some time to discuss all this with my people in private. Something of an emergency village council session.”
“Sure!” I said. “I’ll make some tea and crack open a book, and relax to the sound nature’s embodiment of destructing tearing this place in half. The perfect background music for a pondered debate.”
“There is no need to sarcasm all over my face,” Orion said. “I’ll obviously make the council session be fast. I know what I’m doing.”
I cringed. “Don’t we all?”
Orion frowned.
“Do what you want,” I said, sitting down. “Just don’t come haunt me if I teleport away before you’re finished.”
Orion nodded. “Wrig and Jani stay here, see if you can wake these three up. The rest of you, follow me.”
“But I want to be part of—” Wrig started.
Then Orion shot him a glance that would’ve killed an old lady. A ‘shut up’ look that puts all others to shame; a true example of technique elevated to art. Really, it was beautiful. How beautiful, you ask? Well, about as much as seeing Wrig shrivel was heartbreaking.
Wrig stood frozen, staring at the floor as Orion guided the others out of the main hall. Orion himself closed the door behind them, leaving Wrig, Jani, and me as the only ones in the main hall, plus our three debilitated folk.
“That was just an excuse to lock me out, wasn’t it?” Wrig asked, almost a whisper. “With Jani here to keep an eye on me.”
There were tears glistening on the corner of his eyes, and his tone… he sounded like someone who’d just proposed in a public park — knee on the floor, ring in a box, the full package — and gotten a slap as a response. I found myself not knowing how to answer him.
“I’ve never noticed how much work they put into excluding me,” Wrig said. “I know I deserve it, but it still hurts.”
Oh hell, I’m not made of ice your majesty. I grabbed Wrig and hugged him, trying hard not to cry myself.
“I’m sorry, kid,” I said. “I’m sorry.”
Your majesty, I know this will be very surprising to you, but as the girl who likes to break stuff daily and carries three hammers around, I’m often the black sheep myself. 
Which I didn’t mention earlier because I feared would sound pathetic, and seeing those words on paper now confirm those fears of mine. Which is why I’ll definitely cut this part on the second draft.
The story is close to the end. Which is good, because it’s getting pretty late here. I don’t have a clock in my room, but I’m thinking I might have to leave the second draft for tomorrow morning.
Don’t worry, I’ll figure it all out. I know what I’m doing.
Chapter 8
Here It Starts
The creep woke up.
Oh, had you forgotten about him? Don’t feel bad, your majesty — we all did too. The dude spent half the night being ludicrously perverted and the other half drooling on the floor. Honestly, you can hardly be more forgettable while still maintaining corporeal form.
What, thinking of going back to remember what happened? No need! Your humble subject has got it covered for ya. Here’s the recapitulation.
Aaaall the way back in chapter three, the Creep creepily crept on the unconscious Yara. Orion, being Yara’s dad, decided to do the grown-up thing and introduce himself to the young man who had his eyes on his daughter. Specifically, Orion introduced the knuckle-shaped part of himself that’s conveniently attached to the end of his arm.
Orion’s politeness must’ve have really shocked the Creep, because right after Orion introduced his fist to the Creep’s cheek, the Creep passed out.
Now he had woken up on a pool of his own drool, his nose red from being dumped face-first on the floor. Jani was explaining our current situation to him. If I had to guess, I’d say she was more worried about keeping the Creep’s hands off the drugged Yara than actually helping him.
“So, what did you do?” I asked.
I was talking, of course, to Wrig. We sat across from each other on a table not far from Jani. ‘What happened between the last chapter and this,’ you ask? Well, the craziest thing, actually. Someone decided to start cutting onions right then, as Wrig and I were holding each other. Who did it and where these onions came from are the greatest mysteries of this story, really. However, since I don’t want to distract you from the real story, I skipped that part.
“What do you mean?” Wrig asked.
“Come on, you’ve been making oblique references to a dark past all night,” I said. “And you just said you deserve the way they treat you. Why?”
Wrig looked down. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Maybe you don’t want to,” I said. “But given how you keep hinting at it, you might need to. Have you ever talked to anyone about this?”
Wrig shook his head. “It’s too painful. Can’t you just command me to speak?”
“I could, but that’s the coward way out,” I said. “Come on, kid. You’re better than that. Plus, how bad can it be? It’s not like you killed anyone.”
Wrig winced. “Well…”
“Oh, my. Poor choice of words?”
“Killing choice, matter of fact,” Wrig said. “But no choice is poorer than mine was.”
“Tell me.”
Wrig took a deep breath. 
“Heat takes a big part in the production of medicaments,” Wrig said. “High temperatures make some herbs more potent, some less, and some… some become different. If only my father had taught me that. It’s my own damn fault, really.
“My parents were the pride of this village. My mom was our best village chief in a century, a naturally gifted woman who was equal parts merchant, friend, and leader. Under her rule, our people never needed for anything. And my father was one of the few Orisay to travel the world outside, where he learned all he could about medicine before coming back to take care of us.
“They were the stars of our village, and when they fell in  love, everyone knew a golden age would follow for us, and it did. I was born in that golden age, and it lasted all the way until two years ago, when I was twelve years old. Back then I had little interest in lead or study, I just liked to run around and play. Yara was my best friend.
“Then both my parents fell down ill to some sort of cold that had them bedridden in mere hours. The high fever let them shivering and delirious. My people was left with no leader and no doctor to care for them — the village was devastated. My father had an entire lab full of medicines, but no one knew what to do with it. No one except me.
“I knew what root my father used to treat colds — I had seen him feed it to Yara when she got ill not a year before. And, sure enough, I found more of the same root in his lab. Fully confident that I knew what I was doing, I waited until the night came, cooked some of the root into a stew, and fed it to my barely conscious parents. And then…”
Wrig sighed, his gaze lost on the table in front of him.
“Oh no,” I said. “The heat?”
Wrig nodded. “I decided to make a stew because they were too sick to chew the root. Turns out that the root is poisonous when not properly dried up, and heat makes that poison more potent. That combined with their already weakened bodies… my parents were dead within the hour.”
“By Aster…” I said. “I’m so sorry, Wrig. That’s awful.”
“Yeah…” Wrig said, leaning back. “Gods, that really brought the mood down, didn’t it? Can’t you tell some puns or something to cheer me up?”
“After that sad story? No way,” I said. “I mean, you really were the root of your parent’s death.”
Wrig chuckled. “Come on, we can’t joke about something so dark. It’s as vicious as poison stew.”
“I’m sorry, it was all in the fever of the moment,” I said. “I’m so ashamed I might not even leave bed after that one.”
Wrig laughed. “Oh, that’s no problem. I’ll cook for you!”
I grinned. “So, feeling better?”
“A little bit,” Wrig said. “Those memories still hurt, but sharing it with someone… I feel a little lighter.”
“Yeah, but you can’t run from your problems forever,” I said. “You’re not twelve anymore — you’re a young adult now. So you have to man up and do what all the other responsible adults do: blame someone else for everything.”
Wrig chuckled. “Shouldn’t you be telling me to face my inner demons?”
“Hell no, are you crazy? Those are scary! Otherwise we wouldn’t call them demons, we’d call them inner ponies.”
Wrig shook his head, grinning. “Anyway, I’ve been a black sheep since then, and I started studying my dad’s books so I could help the village and pay for my sins.”
“Wait, you told everyone what you did?”
“Oh no, but Orion was there.”
“And he, the responsible adult in the room, shifted the entire blame on a twelve years old?” I asked.
“Um, I guess?” Wrig said. “I don’t know what he told everyone else — after their death I didn’t leave the house for a month —, but since they started to treat me differently…”
Now I know what you’re thinking, your majesty. Was there even a point to Wrig’s story? Of course there isn’t a point, there are three!
1- Teach about the importance of medicine temperature, thus highlighting how smart I am because I can teach you stuff.
2- Showcase Wrig’s inner conflicts and traumas, thus highlighting how sensible and kind I am for remembering all of his story.
3- Increase the size of the letter, so that you may have more time to fall madly in love with the mysterious girl holding this pen.
Oh, you wanted to know what’s the point regarding Wrig’s character? Come on, I’m not going to just reveal that. You may be the king in the palace, but within these pages I’m the one with the— and I’m gonna cut that joke short before you make me a head shorter.
Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah, Wrig had just answered my question about how the other villagers had treated him. Look, I don’t want to say that they deserved to be hit by a hurricane, but that’s actually a lie — I do want to say it. They deserved to be coitused by a hurricane.
And it was with that anger in my heart that I noticed that Jani was no longer speaking. I glanced to my side and found her paying attention to our conversation. Jani’s expression showed no emotion. Meanwhile, the Creep was standing up and tending to the fireplace now.
Oh yeah, there was a fireplace in the main hall. I mentioned it earlier (probably).
“What are you looking at?” I asked Jani. “Ostracizing a newly orphan twelve year old — I hope you and your people are proud of yourselves.”
“This is the first time I hear about all this, detective,” Jani said. “All Orion told us was that the fever had taken away our stars.”
“What?” Wrig asked. “Then why was I—”
All right, your majesty. Pause; take a breath. I won’t be speaking much from here on forward.

Here is where the climax starts.
(Finally)

Wrig’s words were interrupted by the crisp crack of a window being destroyed. The sound echoed down from the second floor, and I was on my feet immediately, rushing towards the staircase.
“Jani, stay with the injured!” I said. “Wrig, with me! Come on!”
I was already half-way up the stairs when Wrig finally moved. I wanted him close not to protect me, but so that I could teleport away with him if things got ugly. I had no idea what waited upstairs.
The hallway extended to both sides before me, punctuated with doors, marked by silence. Even the storm outside seemed quieter. I drew Biggy, wary of a possible danger. I had totally ignored the possibility of an outsider being the assassin. At least up to that moment.
Wrig reached me, and I offered him Normy.
“Take the left,” I said. “Look for the broken window, scream if you see anything.”
“I never used one of those!” Wrig complained his hand shaking as he held Normy.
I ignored him, striding down the hallway to the right, trying every door along the way. Behind me I heard Wrig doing the same. I found the right door on my third try, and it happened to be the one right next to Peter’s room.
It was a bedroom like any other in that tavern. The only anomaly was the broken window. Resting next to the door, I found the rock that had smashed the glass. It seemed too big to be tossed by the wind — someone had thrown it.
Just to be safe, I checked under the bed and inside the closet — all clear.
“Wrig!” I called. “I found the window.”
Then I went to the hole on the glass, trying to find any clue.
Wrig’s stepped into the room behind me. “What happened?”
“It’s what I’m trying to figure out,” I said, opening the window. “Everyone who wasn’t with us was at the council meeting, so who the hell threw that rock?”
I leaned out the window, scanning the floor below for clues, trying to pierce the darkness. My heart hammered inside my chest. I knew I’d never be in danger as long as I could teleport, but you can’t reason with fear. I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was being played with.
Then I spotted something. Not a clue, but something just as important. You know, your majesty, you can talk about a vicious predator roaming outside all you want, but you never quite believe it until you see it. It’s like words are weightless up to the moment you attach a meaning to them. And just then a word had become so heavier in my mind that I had to say it, even if it was just a whisper.
“Hurricane…” I said.
It was out there, a swirling mass of dark clouds, coming so low that they almost touched the ground. I had seen a few of them from afar, of course, but never one so bad. This hurricane seemed big enough to carry an entire mountain. Trees next to it were being yanked by their roots and sucked into it.
Then I realize what was making me so anxious. The Tavern wasn’t silent at all. I’d just been blocking out the sound of the storm, but now it hit me with full force. All the whooshing and rattling that seemed about to yank sweep the tavern away right from under my feet.
Someone yelled. A panicked, high-pitched yell coming from the main hall. I turned to run back down. Wrig stood by the door, frozen, staring at the hurricane. I grabbed his arm and dragged him with me.
“Come on!” I shouted.
I climbed down the stairs almost on a single leap, then I saw it. Blood in a room full of horrified faces — the entire village was back to the main hall, and there was a corpse on the floor among then. The Creep laid in a pool of blood, with a dagger stuck to his chest.
Guess what was between the creep’s legs, your majesty. You’re wrong — it was the orb! It laid between his knees, glowing brighter than any lamp could.
Well, crap, I thought.
Chapter 9
Here It Ends
The Creep was dead, and the orb was back — the only way that could be more wish fulfillment was if I got a hammer made out of Peter’s bones. It was a great outcome, so why did I feel like everything was wrong? That’s a rhetorical question — I know exactly why. It’s because I didn’t have the answer to my coitusing mystery yet!
“What the hell happened here?!” I demanded.
“A man with a hood,” Orion said. “He just appeared out of nowhere, stabbed the creep on the chest, and left the orb here! I tried to stop the bleeding, but…”
Orion shook his head. His hands were indeed covered in blood, as were Torm’s boots.  Baur, who still laid next to the Creep’s body, had his shirt soaked in blood too.
“Then the hooded man disappeared,” Yin said. “He just… vanished.”
“I think he had Wrig’s face,” Torm said.
“No, it was older,” Jani said. “I think it was his father. Mark’s ghost came back to curse us.”
“W-what?” Wrig asked.
“No, no, no!” I shouted. “That’s not possible! Ghosts don’t exist! This can’t be the damn answer!”
Was that how my fist case would end? With some bullshit spiritual being coming out of left field to coitus my day?
I started hyperventilating, clutching Biggy next to my chest.
“Detective! We don’t have time!” Orion said. “The circumstances don’t matter, just take the orb and go! You can investigate after we're saved.”
I think I shook my head back then. I don’t know, memories are muddy. My mind was too busy racing through all the clues I had, trying to figure out how a ghost could make any sort of sense.
“Detective!” Orion shouted. He grabbed the bloodstained orb, then he pushed it towards me. “Go! Please! There is no point thinking about this! There are vords and wizards out there — It’s just a crazy world!”
“Not it isn’t!” I shouted. “Everything has an order, everything can break! I won’t… I can’t accept this! I… break, break, break, I have to, I…”
I stopped making sense; I just panicked. After all that work, after collecting all those little cracks, to let it all go to waste like that… to let my childhood dream slip through my fingers… I seriously considered letting the hurricane take me. At least until Orion slapped me. The pain that flared on my cheek brought me back to reality.
He then grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me.
“Focus, dammit!” Orion shouted. “We need you! We need your plan! Get this and go find lord Realnameson — you are our only hope, detective!”
As he spoke, Orion shoved the bloodied orb in my hands.
I looked down at that shiny object. That condensed sphere of pure power that was completely useless in that situation.
“There is no plan, you morons,” I said. Then I raised my voice. “Do you all hear me?! There is no hope, no plan, no lord Real coitusing Nameson, it was all a—”
I froze.
A lie.
I grinned.
All a lie.
All the cracks widened at once, then they burst into a beautiful rain of crystals as the entire case came crashing down around me. I saw it. I saw it all. I just needed one final proof. One answer.
You didn’t forget my purple vord, did you?
I grabbed Orion’s arm. He flinched, trying to escape my grip. Hah, like that was possible! The answer was right in front of me — my fingers would break before I let go.
“Answer truthfully!” I said. “Orion, who locked the couple’s door?!”
Yes, the door. The door that had been locked from the outside, while the young couple was busy coitusing. The door that had definitely been locked by the assassin. There was no way that Orion, who wasn’t even in the tavern, would know the answer, right?
Wrong.
Orion’s eyes glowed purple. “It was my daughter,” he said. “She locked it.”
Orion then became paler than a sheet. My grin grew wider.
“Well, crap,” Jani said.
I pushed the chief away from me, then I pulled Wrig by the arm, holding him close so we could teleport away in a moment’s notice.
“What’s going on?” Wrig asked. “Chief, how do you know that? Who do you know who locked the door?”
Orion looked down, fists clenched.
“Detective!” Wrig called. “What—”
“They lied, Wrig,” I said. “This entire night has been a huge fat lie. There isn’t a culprit, or a group of culprits — every single one of them is the culprit. They’ve all been working together from the start. My guess is that they decided all of this in a village council long ago — you were the only one left out.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Wrig said. “There is no way the chief would—”
Wrig cut himself short. Not even he was clueless enough to miss the mood change in the room.
Cracking the case was every bit the pleasure overdose I hoped it’d be. Connecting everything left me with my knees shaking. But now was time for the second best moment of the night. The criminal’s facades faded away before my very eyes, leaving behind a bunch of guilty, hopeless faces.
I’ve gotta admit. That… that didn’t feel so good. Here’s hoping that my next criminals (if there ever are any) will show some anger or something. You know, so I won’t feel like I’ve just trampled their hearts under my boot. Or, good forbid, like I’d just taken away their bottle before they could finish breaking it. (Damn it, Jani!)
“You guys…” Wrig whispered. His tone indicated that he didn’t need any more answers.
I did, tough. I’d come too far to leave pieces half broken — I’d hammer that damn case into dust.
“Come on, everyone,” Jani said. “Final drinks, on the house. Let’s break open the good scotch.”
Torm, Akua, and Henry followed her to the bar. Yin and Vin went to stand by a window, holding hands, facing the hurricane.
“You were the only one left out, Wrig,” I repeated. “Orion wasn’t even in the tavern when the murder happened — the only way he could know Yara locked the door is if he was part of the planning process. I’d say this whole night was his idea to begin with, since he’s the one who’s apparently famous for making hard choices. And you weren’t invited to their meetings, Wrig, because you were meant to be their escape goat.
“In an ideal world they’d have locked you up, and then used the orb to make the hurricane ‘miraculously’ turn away in the last moment. Then, when the royal detectives came, they’d already have a culprit and two foreigners to confirm their version of events. Am I right, chief?”
Orion sighed. “Ideally we’d have more than two outsider witnesses, and they wouldn’t both be freaks.”
“That’s detective freak for you, mister,” I said.
“You even ordered Yara to sleep with me?” Wrig asked.
Wrig was crying. He had lowered his face so I wouldn’t see the tears, but I heard the sadness in the child’s voice, noticed the shaking of his frail shoulders.
“That was her idea!” Orion protested. “I was against it, but I lost the vote.”
“Did she even like me?” Wrig asked.
“Come on, kid, you don’t really want the answer for that,” I said. “Tell me, chief, the orb was inside of Baur, wasn’t it?”
“Wait, what?!” Wrig asked.
“It’s not that far-fetched,” I said. “Orion cut Baur open, shoved the orb in there, and then healed him up. That’s what those two were doing outside the tavern while the murder happened; it’s why the orb escaped my green seeing. Right, chief?”
That was the last large piece of the puzzle left for me. The final shard I needed to shatter.
“Yes, you got it all coitusing right,” Orion said. “Now please teleport away from here, you two. Time is short.”
Wrig shook his head, starting to sob. I agree with him — that was too fun, we couldn’t go just yet. Meanwhile, the four at the bar (finally) raised a toast to Peter’s death. 
“Just indulge me a little more,” I said. “It’s not like you have anything better to do, right chief?”
“Actually—”
“So after sending Wrig downstairs,” I said, interrupting him. “Yara got her hands on a knife — probably hidden there by Jani — and went to Peter’s room, where she found the old bastard… drugged?”
Orion sighed. “Yes, the twins drugged him. Anything to prevent that pile of filth from touching them one more time.”
“So she killed Peter, then she tossed the orb out the window, where you and Baur were waiting,” I said. “While you hid the orb, Yara left the room and the couple used her sheet to clean her up before she locked them inside their room. Then Yara got back to her room and took a sleeping drug, so it’d look like she was out the whole time. It was a nice plan, really.”
“Yes, you got it all, congratulations!” Orion said. “Can you please go away now? What else do you want from this story?”
“Oh you know,” I said. “I’m just dotting all the Is, crossing all the Ts.”
“Wait, wait, but it can’t be,” Wrig said, trying to control his sobs. “Baur was sick before any of that even happened.”
“He was just faking it, kid,” I said. “Just another lie, at least until he got the orb inside of him.”
“He paid the highest price of us all,” Orion said.
“And speaking of loose ends,” I said. “The Creep was killed just as a convenient excuse to hide all of Baur’s blood, wasn’t he? There is no way all that blood came from that tiny dagger.”
“Yeah, and also because he was pretty freaky too,” Orion said.
“He was a person!” Wrig protested. “And so was Peter! They were annoying, yes, but they could still get better. What kind of monster ends a life just because it’s inconveniencing you?!”
“How daft are you?” Orion demanded, clenching his fists. “Peter never gave a single damn about this village. All he cared about was drinking and coitusing with the twins — he admitted as much to them! Only an idiot would trust his life in the hands of such a bullheaded buffoon — killing him was the plan since day one!”
“B-but—” Wrig started.
“Do you want proof of how disgusting he was?” Orion demanded, stepping forward. “We had to speed up our timetable because the twins noticed Peter growing bored. He was starting to drink more, be more ‘demanding’, in bed.” Orion grabbed Wrig by the collar. “And you know why I’m using a euphemism? It’s because words those girls told me in tears are ones that I could never repeat. So don’t you dare call him a person. I’ve seen dogs more qualified.”
Wrig nodded, shaking. “I’m sorry, I never thought…” He sniffed. “If you’d only told me that, I’d have gladly taken the fall for his murder!”
“Well now I know that,” Orion said.
“All right, you two, that’s enough,” I said, resting a hand on Orion’s shoulder. “Don’t make me start swinging my hammer.”
Orion humphed, letting go of Wrig. “Just coitusing teleport away already, stop stretching this goodbye.”
I nodded and, for whatever reason, noticed a small difference. The dagger was no longer poking out of the Creep’s chest. Instead, it laid flat next to the bloodied hole in his shirt.
“All right, I’m going,” I said. “Nice job taking the dagger out when I wasn’t looking, by the way. It does make the amount of blood just a bit more believable — too bad I saw it in the wound when I got here.”
“What?” Orion asked, glancing at the dagger. “Oh, I didn’t do that. The idea didn’t even cross my mind; we were in too much of a rush.”
“Wait, but then who did it?” Wrig asked, clearing away his tears. “The dagger is covered in blood, and Orion is the only one with blood on his hands.”
“Meh, it doesn’t matter,” I said. “We really should get going before that hurricane hits. There is just one final thing I need to do.”
Just talking about the hurricane made me acutely aware of how noisy the tavern was. I heard pulling noises from above, which I was pretty sure came from the wind yanking away the roof tiles. The wind beast was already breathing down our necks. Or, as the wise Torm would put it, ‘It’s ten hours away’.
Anyway, there was one final business to take care off. You see, your majesty, I too had erected a facade. And now that I didn’t need it anymore, I figured I should at least enjoy breaking it.
“Everyone, if I could have your attention here please,” I said, raising my voice. “I have an important announcement. I am not a real detective! You all were fooled by a damn inspector’s license. That’s all. Goodbye, suckers.”
Then I grabbed Wrig and teleported away. The End.
Or so I hoped.
It would be a perfect ending, wouldn’t it, your majesty? A neat, orderly, happy ending. But it just so happened that stories, much like pies recipes, are ruined when you put real people into them. And while I’d like nothing more than to distort the facts here, It’d be really dishonorable to be caught lying to the king, which is why I’ve only told you lies that you can’t prove. Oh but don’t worry, I only lied about the story. This chemistry between us — that’s the real deal.
Anyway, let’s keep moving. I did promise you fire, after all.
Before I could even tap into my orange vord, Wrig freed himself from my grip and pushed away.
“No! It can’t end like this!” Wrig protested.
I sighed. Of course he’s going to ruin my groove.
“Wrig, listen—” I started.
“I killed our stars, Seriel!” Wrig shouted. “I can not be the last living Orisay. I don’t deserve it. Please, take Orion with you instead, or Yara — anyone!”
“Oh to hell with this,” I said, stepping forward. “I’m not spending the rest of the night arguing with a crying kid. Hold him still, Orion.”
“With pleasure,” Orion said, grabbing Wrig by the shoulders.
Wrig tried to fight off Orion’s grip, wriggling like an eel. Now all I had to do was grab him and teleport away — he could cry all he wanted after. I took a step forward, and then (please read this carefully) a sphere made out of pure fire leaped out of the fireplace and stopped between me and Wrig. I gasped, driven back by the sudden heat and light. The surprise made Orion let go of Wrig, who fell on his ass.
“You’re right, Wrig,” said a voice. “You’re not worthy of being saved — only I am.”
I recognized that voice. Your majesty, do you remember how I searched the place? Remember how I said that souls blinded me, how I was worried people might be standing in the right angle to hide a vord? Well, there was one person that didn’t move during the entire time I was searching. One person that was despised enough that no one bothered to turn him after he’d been dumped face first on the floor. One person so mysteries that, even now, I don’t even know his name.
One person that, turns out, was smart enough to lay low after being stabbed in the chest; to play dead until the right time came.
The Creep climbed to his feet, a figure wearing black and sprayed with red, the back of his hands glowing blue, the veins in his body glowing red. He looked mad as hell. I immediately tapped into my green vord’s last charge, watching him as the fireball flew towards the Creep. The flames enveloped him, becoming an aura of pure fire that burned right above his skin.
Through my green vision, I learned that the creep had not one, not two, but three vords hanging from a necklace under his shirt. A red coin, a green coin, and (holy shit) a blue circle.
“Behold!” He said, opening his arms. “For I am mighty!”
I watched the cloud of essence that surrounded the Creep feed his aura of flames until it was tall enough to touch the ceiling — a spectacle reserved only to Seers. The heat was such that Orion had to step back.
“Holy cow,” I said.
“Not so laughable now, am I?” The Creep asked. “Now, inspector, you are going to teleport me with you, and then we’ll disappear from each other’s life forever. How does that sound?”
Wrig was two steps to the left of the Creep; three steps away from me. If I can reach him before the creep— I started thinking.
“Forget saving him, inspector,” The Creep said, walking up to Wrig.
Wrig tried to scramble away, but the Creep stepped on Wrig’s leg. The bones broke like twigs, their snap echoing through the entire hall. Wrig cried in absolute despair. It was the first time seeing something break disgusted me.
“He’s weak, you see,” the Creep said. “The weak don’t deserve to live.”
The creep grabbed Wrig by the collar and lifted him with a single hand. The fire aura immediately set Wrig’s clothes on fire. Wrig flailed around, crying, desperate, trying to free himself. His leg was twisted in a weird angle.
I watched, unable to move. By then I had already figured out the Creep’s Vord Portfolio. He was a Green Healer (see: healing from a knife wound), blue Fire Master (duh), and Red Enhancer (see: lifting Wrig, crushing bone; byproduct of enhancing his muscles). And you know what pisses me off the most? His powers would’ve been bellow average against other combatant vord users. But against us, he might as well have been a god.
“Let go of him!” Jani shouted.
The Creep and I glanced at Jani with the same expression of bewilderment. Jani stood firm on her feet, holding a chair as a weapon. She stared down the Creep with killer confidence. You could almost believe that the power difference wasn’t as big as that hurricane outside.
“As you wish,” the Creep said.
Then he spun and tossed Wrig away like a spear. Wrig flew spinning, drove face first through a window and disappeared into the darkness that enveloped the tavern. He’d been tossed north — the same direction the hurricane was coming from.
“No!” I shouted.
I tried to run towards the door. There was really no logic behind trying that, I just did it. Though, to be honest, it wasn’t the first time that the idea of facing a smoking-hot man made me panic. But before I could reach the door, a wall of flames rose before me, blocking my path. I gasped, and the Creep grabbed me from behind, locking his arms around me to prevent me from running. He retreated his aura to avoid burning me.
“Don’t be stupid,” the Creep said, whispering in my ear like a lover. “My power is overwhelming. Just accept that and do what I say. That’s what all my previous girls did.”
Being in the Creep’s arms was as disturbing as his name would suggest, and it didn’t help that his hand rested in the worst possible places.
“Let go of me!” I said, trying to break free.
He was holding me too tight. If only I could get enough room to reach my hammers…
“Why would I?” The Creep asked. “I know that as long as I’m holding you, I’ll come with when you teleport. So which is it? Will you obey, or— arg!”
The Creep’s pained grunt happened right after I heard the crack of a chair being broken on his back. That damn Jani, she really had gone ahead and attacked that fire-clad monster. She gave me just the window I was looking for.
You see, your majesty, I may not be a fighter, but I do know how to use my babies.
First, it was Tiny’s chance to shine. With its beak-like sharp end, it was both perfect to crash bottles and to tear a-holes a new one. I drew Tiny and swiftly hit the creep on the thigh, driving sharp side into his flesh like a pickaxe. The creep gasped in pain, cursing loudly. His grip grew weaker.
I slipped away from him, yanking Tiny out of the Creep’s flesh and drawing Biggy at the same time. I pictured the Creep’s head was a door, and I slammed it the coitus down. A single hit, straight on the temple. The Creep’s body felt odd, tough. It was rigid, resistant, like hitting a solid wall. My hit was enough to make him bend to the left, but not enough to knock him out.
“How dare you…” The Creep hissed, through gritted teeth.
I guess having magically stronger muscles also helps you absolve impacts? I’m not sure, that is all very new for me. I didn’t stop to admire the Creep’s resistance, either. As soon as I hit him, I turned to run away. The impact had made him lost focus on his flames, so the firewall that had been there was now reduced to a regular line of fire. I jumped over it, then wove my way through the tavern’s chairs and tables. The door was just three steps away.
Then I heard the whoosh of flames gathering behind me.
I know what you’re thinking. The Creep wouldn’t kill his only ticket out of there, would he? Well, turns out we had more in common than I imagined.
“How dare you interrupt me halfway through touching you?!” The Creep demanded.
I glanced over my shoulder in time to see the huge fireball the Creep was forming above his head. Jani laid limp next to him, her neck broken. The Creep’s expression was like that of a girl whose bottle had been taken away before she was finished… not that I know a girl like that.
The sight of all that fire was enough to make me miss my step and trip on one of the chairs. I rolled with the chair and landed on my chest, instinctively curling myself into a ball for protection.
“Die, insect!” The Creep shouted.
The fire whooshed. I closed my eyes. The world around me grew hotter. But I didn’t burn.
When I opened my eyes, I found Orion kneeling beside me with his arms open, facing me. His entire back had been converted into a black burnt crisp. Orion had used his own large body to protect me. To top it all of, in a true testament of badassitude, the chief was still conscious.
“God dammit!” The Creep shouted. “Who gave you all permission to start being heroes?!”
“Go,” Orion whispered, while being literally smoking hot. “Save Wrig.”
I glanced at the Creep. That last blast had spent all of his essence, and now more of the misty substance was leaking from his hands, flowing towards the fireplace. Soon his flames would be back. But I had time to get rid of a burning (ha!) question.
“Why?” I asked. “If no one knew about the stars, why did the village mistreat Wrig? Why are you trying to save him now?”
“We thought he was going to leave us,” Orion said, his voice raspy and weak. “Thought he was studying up so he could go to the world outside and never come back. Thought he was avoiding us out of spite. Turns out it was just fear and guilt.”
The aura of fire began to grow around the Creep. The surviving villagers were all cowering next to the bar, huddled together and shaking. Windows began to burst under the strength of the wind, which carried the shards away. The Creep’s expression was darker than ever.
“Get up, run!” Orion hissed. “Save Wrig, and remember us. Please.”
I nodded, climbing to my feet. Orion stayed where he was, arms open — I don’t think he could move anymore. But a weak body has never meant a weak heart.
“Everyone, fight!” Orion roared. “Distract him, every second counts! We sinned a lot tonight – this is our redemption!”
The villager’s roar echoed after Orion’s. Some holding chairs, others brandishing bottles, they all tossed themselves at the burning Creep, with no care for the injuries they’d suffer. That’s the last I saw before turning to run away. The Creep cursed out loud behind me. A fireball hissed in my direction, but the villagers did their job well. The Creep’s aim was off, and the fireball exploded against the wall next to me.
I got through the door, emerging into the stormy night. The wind had been pretty rough inside the tavern, but now it had become claws of ice, trying to dig into my skin. The rain was back to its full power; I was soaked immediately.
I could’ve teleported away right then and there, but there are a few things even I can’t break. Things like diamonds, vords, and the last wishes of a village who literally jumped on fire for me.
I ran alongside the wall of the tavern. Running towards where Wrig had flown. Towards the hurricane. The wind behemoth picked that exact moment to yank one the village’s houses from its foundations. The house was shred to pieces as was sucked closer to the center of the beast.
I can’t honestly tell how far the eye of the hurricane was, but I doubt I’d live long enough to figure it out if I stayed there.
The darkness and wind made it almost impossible for me to see anything. Lucky for me, I still had my green charge on. I spotted Wrig’s soul ahead of me, glowing like a fallen star. Turned out the Creep hadn’t tossed him all that far.
I took off on a dash towards the kid. Flashes of light pierced the clouds above, the wind roared around me, the rain felt like the entire sky was falling on my head. Perfect for a holiday with your girlfriend — assuming, of course, that you want her to die so you won’t have to break up with her.
I found Wrig crying (what a surprise). He laid mangled on the rocky ground. His broken leg was twisted awkwardly, his left arm — on which he had apparently landed — was a raw, bloody mess. Wrig cried with his eyes closed, and he didn’t notice me until I kneeled by his side, placing a hand on his chest. I tapped into my orange vord.
Orange essence flowed out of my vord and surrounded both me and Wrig. When he saw that, the kid panicked.
“Wait, no!” Wrig protested. “Not me! Please, not me…”
I cold feel the orange coin I had back home calling for me. All I had to do was let it pull me, and the teleportation would happen. But instead, I pulled Wrig by the collar until his face was right next to mine. Because you see, your majesty. It’s true that there are things that can’t be broken, but you know what isn’t one of those things? My god damned patience.
“Listen to me, you little turd,” I said. “I could say it was all a misunderstanding, that it was never your fault, but you know what? It was! If you hadn’t munched around feeling sorry over a bloody accident; if you had confronted them instead of taking it all silently, they would’ve never pushed you out!”
“W-what?” Wrig asked, his face wet with rain and tears.
“I’ll explain later!” I said. “For now know this — they’re all literally dying back there so you can survive. Your life is their apology. Can you say no to their last wish? Because if you can I’ll drop you and teleport alone.”
Wrig pursed his lips, closing his eyes. “It’s just so much weight.”
I smiled, letting the teleportation process begging. The world around us grew warmer as the orange essence began to swirl around both of us.
“You can handle it, Wrig,” I said. “If this night hasn’t broken you, nothing will. Take It from a professional.”
The End
Epilogue
Thank you, your majesty, for taking a personal interest in this case, and for finding a place for Wrig to stay so speedily.
I heard wonders about the orphanage he’s in and bla, bla, bla. God, I’m so sleepy. The sun has already been up for a while now. I’m going to hit the bed, just as soon as I see who the hell is knocking on my door. That means you’ll probably never read this, your majesty. I’m only still writing because it feels like my butt is glued to the chair right now.
*Sigh*, up we go.

Holy shit, it’s you! Why are you at my door? Stop calling, I’m coming already! Oh right, you’re not reading. Gods, I’m hyperventilating. Why the hell did you come in person? The story is not ready yet! It’s a mess, your majesty, full of embarrassing details and unnecessary descriptions!
Oh god, I shouldn’t have slammed the door in your face, right? Erm, I’m sorry. I’ll try my best to keep you from reading this mess, but if you made it this far, I’m sorry about the mess you just read. I just said mess a lot of times. Oh boy. Oh well, at least I know that brown goes great with my eyes — which means my head will look wonderful in a basket.
I’ll open the door now. Though first I’ll check how high my window is, for no reason at all.

—Seriel Hardlock,
Former Fake Detective, Future Dead Person.
Ms. Hardlock, please accept my most sincere apologies. I didn’t mean to startle you or cause you any trouble. My aid was supposed to inform you that I’d be stopping by, but I’ve found his letter on your desk, and I see that he failed to make my intentions clear.  It’s my fault. The man is old, and it’s past due that I replace him, but I’ve been delaying the matter. So again, I apologize.
As a king, I in no way condone incompetent conduct among my employees. I do, however, find it hilarious. I haven’t made a woman run so fast since I hid a stake in my stepmom’s blouse and let a group of dogs loose on the palace. Oh don’t worry, no living creature was hurt, and my stepmother was unscathed too.
Anyway, I hope you’re waiting down in the main hall like I asked you to, Seriel. I don’t know if you heard me — I barely understood the storm of words you tossed at me while running away. Though but now I know why I heard you cursing the window’s height on your way down.
I’m afraid my time is short. I’m here on my way to finish negotiating an important trade deal, and I already stayed way more than I intended to. Therefore, I’m afraid this text is all you’re going to get in the way of feedback for your letter, at least for now.
And let me assure you, I loved it. I was expecting maybe a ten minutes conversation over a soft drink, just so I could satisfy the curiosity of some friends back at court, but this is way better. I would never have imagined that this case was so interesting, and your hilarious voice just made the experience even better (you probably heard me laughing from the hall. Yes, I’m stealing your parenthesis comment trick now. Gotta a problem with it? Take it up with the king!)
I’m glad I got to read this, Seriel. And you’re right. Your name is far from just letters on a page for me right now. I owe you one, both for your effort here and for the misunderstanding. I’m afraid making you detective is outside my powers, but if you ever need anything else, just send me a letter.
Also, I don’t want to incentivize you to poke your nose around crime scenes -- because that’s dumb and dangerous --, but if you ever run into anything else that’s worth writing about or just feel like chatting, feel free to send me a message. I could always use a few more friends who aren’t soldiers or politicians.
I’m taking the rest of the letter with me, and leaving just this page behind. I hope these words find you well. May we speak again many times.

—Lius Edwinth I,
King of Asteria and Man in a Serious Relationship (you’d have a shot otherwise, dear).
