Doctor Abbott

Book 1 in the Joutone Warrior series

By
Michelle Laverdure

For updates, check out Michelle’s website at www.joutone.com

Copyright © 2015 Michelle Laverdure
This book is dedicated to Young Seo

Contents

Prelude
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Garrett – Book 2
Acknowledgement
Copyright
Prelude

Two months ago

Ben fumbled with the keys in his hand looking for the one that opened the door to his flat. The frail, drunk woman that had accompanied him home stood slumped against the wall. He didn’t really want to have sex tonight but after months in the jungles of Africa his friends and colleagues decided a night out on the town was just what he needed. 
He had barely made it off the boat when he was greeted with limo and champagne. All he wanted to do was go home and crawl into bed but instead he was whisked away by his longtime friends to celebrate his return. 
Finally getting the door ajar, he stood looking at the woman that had been more than willing to make herself at home with him for the night. She was tall and slender with jet-black hair that contrasted sharply with her creamy white skin, and a set of perfect, perky, little breasts. His eyes followed the red dress she wore down to her pencil like torso and her matching slender hips. 
She had no ass to speak of but tonight it didn’t really bother him. Getting her home and getting this over with was the first thing on his mind. That is, unless he wanted to look like a fool at his board meeting tomorrow. He put his arm around her waist and helped the leggy creature to her feet, shoving past the door and stopping to punch out the code on the alarm. 
A few minutes later she was curled up on his black Italian leather sofa, prematurely passed out. He laughed inwardly as he sat trying to figure out the buttons on the TV remote. A lot of good it did to bring her home. She might have fared better in a taxi to her own flat.
Now he realized he was already being made a fool in his own home by the damned remote; this one worked the fireplace. Flicking it on and off a few times, he finally gave up and chucked it across the coffee table before flopping back on the couch and looking over the crumpled mess of a woman passed out there. 
He reached over and rubbed her hip to see if there was any life left in her for the possibility of ending the evening with at least a lay, even if it wasn’t a decent one. Seeing that she had no clue he was even in the room, he tugged a throw off the ottoman and slung it over her before peeling himself off the couch and making his way over to the kitchen.
He opened the fridge to find it perfectly stocked with all the selections in neat rows.  It was as if the fridge had its own librarian. Water was on the top shelf to the left, seated next to it was a fantastic imported lager. Directly below that shelf was his yogurt, and some fresh fruits cut and covered in a fanciful way. Underneath that was what he was looking for-a tray of eggs and wedge of cheddar. He plucked out a couple of the eggs and the cheese along with the bottle of high-end water before closing the door.
The stovetop blended almost seamlessly into white marble counter top. He pushed a single solitary button and the light blue flames whipped up, beckoning for the pan. A few minutes later, he sat on the stool looking over a newspaper the maid had left for him, and eating his late night breakfast.
On the front page was a photo of the medical research team he had just returned with the night before. They were all dressed in suits and smiling, arm in arm. He chuckled at the thought that this team was more like a college fraternity than a bunch of professionals. That very picture he was looking at was taken nearly three months ago, before he left for the last mission. 
The group spent that entire evening in the VIP section of London’s trendiest nightclub and ended with a morning in jail for at least one of them. None of that was mentioned in the article, however. The story was about the research they had done in Africa and how the work was going to revolutionize medicine in third world countries across the globe. 
He had originally started in this field to help children. He did very well with that work, until the opportunity to start working on research to prevent the very illness he was combatting presented itself.  Now he was nothing less than a pioneer in his field, sought after by both the military and pharmaceutical companies alike. Each offer topping the last in salary and benefits. 
 As exciting as the work was, it was also lonely and exhausting. Each and every assignment brought him to a different part of the world. He had to prepare extensively for the customs and laws of the people he encountered.  Keeping a relationship was impossible. He keep contact with women he had met along the way, only to find it was useless. His assignments were far too frequent and long for anyone to remain interested in him. He tried having a girlfriend here in the UK only to come home to his flat and find her in his bed with some other guy. 
His life seemed naturally relegated to women who would just have him for the night. While most men would jump at a life style like this Ben found it lacking in every way. His lifetime of hard work seemed to hold little reward until he was knee deep in fascinated, eager to learn, poor children and he missed that kind of work…deeply.
 Finishing the last of his eggs, he left the plate and fork on the table for the maid to take care of in the morning. He picked up the paper one last time and tapped it on the counter, thinking to himself that his next assignment would be his last. From now on he would just go back to the roots of why he got into medicine: To help people, to save lives…to live, not just work.

~~~~~~
 

The next morning, he stood looking in the mirror of his loo, as he shaved. His thick, black stubbly beard never took long to grow. He then ran a comb through his curls before finishing the ringlets off with some gel to keep them in place. His dark brown eyes staring back at him as he brushed his teeth. He pumped some lotion from the high-end lotion warmer he had received as a gift last year from his brother. He gave himself a quick rub down and threw on his newest Armani shirt before turning the light off.
When he came out of the bathroom, he found all traces of last night gone. The woman-whose name he didn’t even know-had already left. His late night breakfast had been cleaned up, and there was a new paper on the counter with a piping hot travel mug next to it, all work done by a maid he had never even met. He plucked the keys to his Mercedes off the paper and snatched the paper itself up with his other hand to tuck it under his arm. Slipping his feet into his Versace shoes, he picked up the travel cup and headed out the door.
 The board meeting lasted most of the day. It ended with a few of the members gathering outside the door planning the evening entertainment. Ben packed up his brief case and tried to head back home unnoticed. It was useless as a few of the guys saw him trying to zoom past them. “Come on Ben, we’ve been cooped up on that boat for the past week, you must be aching to get out and have some fun.” His friend grabbed his shoulder and tried to coax him back over to the frat pack to join them. 
He laughed it off and backed away, “Go on without me, I’m still wiped from that lovely young thing that wore me out last night.” His friend hemmed and hawed for a few minutes but Ben was finally able to make a clean getaway.
He stopped by a local pub for a quick bite to eat and a drink before finally making his way home. The flat was empty and there was a stack of mail where his paper had been left this morning. A bottle of water stood tall next to it and he grabbed both as he loosened his necktie and kicked off his shoes.
Combing through the mail he found nothing of interest until he got to his telltale, government green envelope. He sat on the bed and tossed the rest of the mail onto the nightstand so he could open this one up and see what his next assignment would be. He flopped backwards on the bed and wiped his face in frustration thinking the next six months would be spent freezing his balls off in Iceland.



Chapter 1

Ben had left his lifeboat on the beach several days ago and had been trekking the frozen ground inland. These woods were like nothing he had ever seen before. Massive tangles of ancient black trees did not even sway in the bitter wind. Despite their monstrous size, they sported no leaves, so they offered no shelter from the relentless fall of snow. He had no clue where he was, only that this was not Iceland.
He had no food or water left, his hands were nearly frostbitten and exhaustion was taking over. The snow was so blinding that he couldn’t even see the figures moving toward him in the distance. He just knew that something out there was tracking him and had been for the past few days.
He suspected it was the wolves he could hear throughout the nights, but he never saw any of them. At one point he could hear the wolves tearing something apart, or being torn apart by something else. He wasn’t even sure which it was as the cries sounded the same.
After days of fighting for survival, he collapsed to his knees in the snow and just gave up. The sound of snow crunching behind him brought fear but he was in so much agony that crying out wasn’t even worth it at this point. He just sat back on his heels and prayed that whatever it was would make the kill quick. He heard the thud of his own skull being hit and everything went black.
As night fell, he found himself waking in a bed of fur. He was completely naked and the smell of hot food immediately sent his stomach into frenzy.  He reached up to rub the back of his head only to find a warm rag draped across it.  
A hand appeared in front of him with a rustic mug in it. His eyes widened at the appearance of the hand in front of him. Long, polished black claws and a thin layer of strawberry blond fur adorned human-like fingers. He noticed the wrist was wrapped several bracelets and trinkets as he followed the arm all the way up to its owner. 
 “Are you thirsty?” The creature looking down at him was decidedly female. She had large human-like eyes, beautifully pouty lips, and a long mane of rich, bronze hair. Her face was completely covered in a thin layer of fur that matched her hands. She motioned again to the mug. “Come on now, you will need your strength.” Her smile was warm and friendly but Ben was completely dumbstruck. 
He sat up slowly and rubbed his face with both hands. “Am I dreaming?” he said, looking directly at her as he spoke. 
She giggled and shoved his legs aside, taking a seat on the bed and trying to coax the cup to his lips. Now realizing how thirsty he was, he started gulping its contents greedily. She took the mug back slowly. “You want some more?” Her eyes twinkled as she reached for the rag on his head. She tossed it into a bucket on the floor and touched the nasty bump her brother had left. He flinched in fear and she retracted her hand for second. “It is all right, I will not hurt you, I swear.” He swallowed hard and lowered his hand allowing her to touch him as she continued talking. “We found you fending for yourself in the woods. We were on a hunt and thought the wolves were tracking a deer. It seems they were tracking a human instead. I am surprised you are even alive because you were in rough shape.”
She stood and reached for a bowl, over the fireplace filling it with some sort of stew. Then she settled down next to him and placed the bowl on his lap. She picked up a large wooden spoon and offered to feed him.  He was so hungry he snatched it from her and sat more upright to shovel it in, burning his mouth a bit on the heat of the contents. He wasn’t even sure what he was tasting but it didn’t matter at this point, he wasn’t about to put it down. 
When he was satisfied enough to slow down a little bit, a feeling of shame set in and he looked back at her apologetically, “I’m so sorry, I don’t know what came over me.”
She grabbed the bowl and stood to add more to it. “Do not worry, I made plenty. But you should get your fill before my brothers get home or there will be nothing left, no matter how much I made.” 
He looked around the room trying to assess where he was. The fire did a lot to light the place. He was not truly sure what time of day it was as the sun barley rose even in the day this time of year. The would be dark recess of the cottage were lit with lanterns and candles. The room was round, crafted of stone and mortar and the roof above him was thatched. The makeshift bed he was on abutted a stack of shelves the held various bowls and pots for cooking. Books lined the top shelf and a tapestry acted as a curtain offering a back drop for the shelf and some privacy from the tiny dining area. 
Both sides of the fireplace were flanked with rooms. The design making use of the warmth provided by the chimney. The woman placed the bowl in his lap again and sat next to him to watch him eat. 
This time he made a much slower go of it, keeping his eyes trained on her the entire time. A few bites in he decided to try some questions, still convinced he was delusional. “Am I medicated? I mean I see you and hear you, but my eyes are deceiving me. I’m sure of it.” 
The woman reached out and drew the tips of her fingers and claws across his chest. She was absolutely fascinated with how he looked. Lean with well-chiseled pecks and arms. He wasn’t nearly as tall as her island men were but she didn’t care, he was beautiful. His hair was black and curly and his skin was completely bare. There was a faint trace of hair on his chest she wasn’t even sure was really there. “We are different, I know. You have no hair and your skin is so soft, like a woman’s.” 
He choked for a second, still eying her in utter shock as he grasped for the spot on his chest she had just stroked, and feeling as sheepish as that comment insinuated. “I beg your pardon!?”
 His scoff drew another giggle from her. “I am sorry my brothers were so hard on you. I begged them not to hit you but they can be overly cautious at times. My name is Lúta.” 
“Well, Lúta, do your brothers look like you?” he said as he rubbed his eyes, still in disbelief.
She stood and took the bowl from him after seeing he was no longer interested in the food.  “They look like their father, big and brawny. They act more like him too. I think I resemble my mother more, she was smaller and had hair that was fair like mine.”
“Oh, well then, I’m sure she’s a lovely woman if she resembles you in the slightest.” He was being sarcastic but it was lost on her.
She responded with a bashful smirk instead. “My parents both died a few years ago. My brothers care for me now.”
 He attempted to stand up but remembered he was not dressed. “I’m sorry to hear that. Please forgive me. Are my clothes near? I need to attend to some personal matters.”
“Oh, of course, I am sorry. I had to clean your clothes. I tried to mend them but the material is a bit delicate. Honestly, I do not know how you stay warm in them.” She handed him some pants that somewhat resembled his own. They now had some leather patches roughly sewn all over, and a well-crafted leather belt ran through the loops, complete with a buckle made out of a chain link. She turned her back to give him some privacy and he threw them on a fast as he could, nearly stumbling from the pain in his head. 
“These are fantastic. Much better than before.” His compliment drew her back around to him quickly, her eyes twinkled as she smiled, revealing four fangs where her canine teeth should be. He swallowed hard at the sight. It was not something he had noticed until she smiled. She stood just a few inches shorter than him, was full figured, and wore old world style clothing. Her long dress swept the floor as she moved. The neckline revealed a very busty chest, and her fur faded into smooth skin where her cleavage started.  Her physique brought to mind the plus sized models from magazines back home and he assumed she was young, possibly in her early twenties.
No sooner had he managed to buckle his belt, than the sound of a door bursting open drew both their attention.  Lúta spoke to the beasts coming in. “Oh good, you guys are home. The human is awake.”
There were a couple of men stomping snow off their boots at the door before peeling off their armor. They both were enormous, dwarfing Ben’s six foot two stance immensely; they were covered in muscle and dark brown fur. Their leather tunics hung open at the chest and their pants hung loosely on their legs. Both men had long hair that draped their shoulders and one had a matching goatee that cascaded down his chest.  “Excellent! Look at him  Avery, he is a good size. He will make a fine slave.” As they spoke, he could see their teeth, their canines even more impressive than their sister’s. These creatures were born meat eaters, whatever they were; there was no doubt about it. Watching carefully as the beasts addressed each other, Ben determined that the creatures had to be mid-twenties as well.
“I still think we should have just killed him, this is foolish,”  Avery responded as he sat down and accepted a bowl of stew from his sister.
Lúta turned back to him and picked up some garments to fold as she introduced her brothers. “The tall one is  Avery, and Bjorn is actually my eldest brother. Pay them no mind. I will be sure you are well before they put you to work. Of course you will have to earn your keep here. Do you have a name?”
“Yes, I’m Benjamin, but you may call me Ben.” Ben had a ton of questions to ask but opted for silence and listening instead. He was dying to know where he was and who or what these people were. However, asking too many questions, especially about being a slave; can make one look defensive and at the moment, he found himself quite defenseless. Observation would clearly lead to more understanding at this point. He put on his shirt and turned to Lúta, “Which way to the facilities?”
Her expression was a bit blank, as his question clearly confused her, “I am sorry?”
“When you relieve yourself where do you go?” He replied.
That comment won a better response from her. “Oh yes, sorry, Bjorn could you show Ben to the outhouse?”
A growl rolled off the tongue of the creature with the goatee, who had just sat down. “Perhaps you are right, he is already a lot of work.” His comment was directed to his brother. He reluctantly stood up and threw on his armor again before gesturing to Ben to head out the door.
The moment they stepped outside Ben was dumbstruck. They were in some sort of village and every single person there looked exactly like his captors. The house he was in, was situated practically in the middle of a bustling square. Just like Bjorn and  Avery, all the males were incredibly enormous. Lúta was rather short for her species as most of the women even were his size or taller, but nothing still, in comparison to their giant male counterparts. 
Bjorn came up behind Ben and shoved him on his way. “Come on now, I want to finish my dinner and return to work. I do not have all evening.”
They rounded the building to a large outhouse and he went in, thanking the heavens that it was winter and that the smells were somewhat restricted by the temperature. “Dear God, now I know I’m awake!”
A few moments later, he found himself back in the cottage shaking off the cold and returning to the bed he had just gotten out of. He sat on it and pawed through the backpack he had taken from the boat to assess his supplies. A small first aid kit and a Swiss army knife were in there as well as his medical field journal and an empty canteen. 
Finally he came across what he really wanted, a flask. He opened the container and took a swig. Leaning back against the wall, he enjoyed a couple more while listening to the beasts’ converse at the table. For the most part they spoke English, with only an occasional foreign tongue thrown in. Whatever language it was he could not make out. Clearly, they were having a discussion about him, but he was not meant to be part of it. It wasn’t long before one of them noticed what he was doing. “What you got there, human?”
“Liquor. Do you drink?” Ben cursed himself silently fearing that if they didn’t, that they may find the strong tasting liquid offensive.
“What do you mean do I drink?”  Avery eyed him suspiciously. 
Benjamin stood up and crossed the room offering the flask to the creature for examination. “It’s alcohol.” 
 Avery reached for the container and gave it a sniff then took a swig off it and smacked his lips. He let off a low growl before standing up and grabbing a jug off the fireplace mantle. “Here, human, try that. Should warm you up a bit more than this water you are drinking.”
He took a sniff of the jug and decided it smelled like vodka before taking a quick swig. He found himself clearing his throat over the heat of it and sat down to get his wind back. Both of the warriors erupted in hearty laughter. “Hey, Bjorn, I think I like him after all. We will keep him.”
Bjorn stood up and bent down, getting into Ben’s face with the intent of intimidating him. The predatory warning growl that vibrated the beast’s chest did just that, “Yeah, human, you are safe as long as you can earn your keep. Can we trust you not to do anything stupid?”
Instinctively he held the creature’s gaze, knowing full well that his life would end now should he even flinch wrong. He responded humbly, “It appears I’m at a strong disadvantage in that I have no clue where I am or whose company I keep. You have my word that my only intention is to ensure I earn your respect.”
 Bjorn straightened up chuckling and rubbed Ben’s hair, “That is good human, rest up. You start earning your keep tomorrow.” The two brothers packed themselves back into their armor and each grabbed a roll of bread off the table.
As soon as they left, he got up and quietly went over to the washbasin where Lúta was scrubbing pans. If he had any hope of figuring out where he was or finding his way home it would be with her. He reached for the rag she was holding and she snatched it back and paused to look at him, confused by his action. “What are you doing?”
He replied, “I’m sorry, Madam, I prefer to earn my keep now. Why don’t you go relax while I take care of this for you?”  He tugged the rag from her hand and reached into the soapy water for the pot she had just dropped. Her jaw hung open. In all her years not one time had her brothers ever washed a single dish.
Lúta retorted, “That is nonsense, you should be resting. They will not be kind to you tomorrow, I promise.” She put her hand on her hip and watched him work for a little while before grabbing a dry rag and going after the dishes as he finished each one. Within a few minutes, they had finished all the evening chores together and were starting on a few tasks for the next morning. He didn’t stop until she finally sat and relaxed declaring there was nothing else to do. He sat on the makeshift bed and gave the flask a final swig before pulling the covers over his head and dozing off.



Chapter 2

The next morning he was awakened by a mug of water was tossed in his face. “Get up human!” Bjorn laughed heartily at Ben’s expense. “We have much to do today and you are going to have to prove you can pull your own weight.”
He sat up, throwing on his shirt. “Oh great, I thought yesterday was a complete dream. Luckily it wasn’t.” He was mumbling to himself but both of the male beasts turned to him with a quizzical look. Clearly, his sarcasm was lost on them. He reminded himself that he needed to dial back that kind of behavior until he was sure what sort of temperament these creatures really had.
The first part of the day was splitting and stacking wood, something he was familiar with as he had done it as a child. The quaint farm he had grown up on in England was always in need of wood. Admittedly, he was quite out of practice and his head was still throbbing from the blow he had taken the day before. The frigid weather and excessive amounts of snow making the work all that much harder. However, he told himself it was all for the good and muscled through it.
As the day went on, he found himself cleaning out goat and sheep stalls as well as gutting a few chickens for dinner. He was dragged to the next chore, with the chickens he had just finished, still in hand. “May I bring these to your sister for dinner?”
Avery nodded and smiled. “Of course, we need to eat tonight.”
He went inside, carefully shaking off as much snow as he could and kicking off his boots to prevent any extra work for the woman he was trying to befriend. She was sitting at the table humming softly while peeling potatoes by hand. He smiled as he addressed her. “Where would you like me to put these?” She responded by motioning towards the kettle hanging over the fireplace. He dropped them in and turned to offer her a warm smile as he asked conversationally, “How has your day been?”
She was surprised by his question and paused from her work to answer it, “Very unusual so far. Why does it matter?”
He pulled one of the potatoes off the table and flicked out his pocketknife. In a few quick turns, he left a long coiled peeling on the table and a clean potato. “Because you matter. Don’t you?”
His reply caught her completely off guard, she had never mattered before, not to anyone else. Why did she matter to him? Such a curious creature, she thought to herself.
He went to the door throwing on his boots and coat again before selecting a second potato and taking a bite of it on his way out.  The rest of the day, he spent skinning the hides of the animals the men had gathered on their hunt. Both of the beasts stood for several minutes admiring the work he had done on the carcasses. The blood was drained properly and when he gutted the carcasses, the work was clean and neat. His medical back ground came in handy for this type of chore.
By the time, Ben and the two warriors made it back home he was thoroughly exhausted and the food smelled so good. He was grateful to know this time he was eating chicken, especially after discovering his last meal was wolf meat. This was not something he was comfortable eating and the thought of having to make another go of it was not a welcoming one.
This time the food was served with warm ale, after the day he had he was grateful for it. As soon as they finished eating he popped up off his seat, fetched the bowls off the table, and quickly started washing them. Both of the brothers looked at each other and burst out laughing.  Avery stood up and slapped Benjamin on the back, “This is woman’s work human. We have plenty more for you to do outside.”
He finished scrubbing the bowl he had in hand, “Well since I’m here now, I might as well do what I can. When you are ready for me to go back out I will do so.” 
Bjorn walked over gulping the last of his ale and dropping the mug into the water basin. “I say we let him finish while you and I meet the guys at Olaf’s tavern.” The comment won a grunt from  Avery. Bjorn slapped Ben on the back again, “Have fun human.”
A few minutes after they left Lúta rounded the table and pulled out her rag to dry the dishes, “Are you not tired from your day of labor?”
He looked over his shoulder at her casually while his hands worked rag in the washbasin. His weariness hung in his warm eyes. “Of course I’m tired, but you too have been working hard all day. My work won’t end till yours does.” Her response was only a curious smile as Ben feverishly finished the dishes and followed her to the next chore.
When they finished he was ready to collapse on the bed again and pulled out his field journal to add some notes about his day. Lúta poured him a shot off the jug over the fireplace and sat next to him to look over his shoulder, “Tell me what it is, please?”
Having taken the time to acclimatize with his surroundings as he did chores earlier he found himself a bit bewildered at the large amount of books the cottage sported. Some in English, some in other languages, most of which Ben knew. One language he had never seen before. It stood out against the others because the writing was all symbolic and from what he could tell ran backwards across the page. There were also scrolls of various nature, everything from letters to news posts around the house. All stuff he made a point not to linger on too much. Lúta seemed to watch over everything he did and he was not ready to ask her too many probing questions. 
Despite her fascination with him, her trust was not earned yet, and to earn it would take some work. Ben took a sip off the shot and sat up a bit to make room for her. “Can you read?” he asked. She responded by shaking her head no. “Well where I’m from I’m a doctor and this is a medical field journal. I have it for my work in the camp I was supposed to meet up with earlier this month.”
“You never met up with them? They were your people? Humans?”
He folded the book and answered her. “Yes they were. Unfortunately when I got out to the camp they were already gone. The group left without ever being able to communicate to me they were moving. I meant to return to my home to take a new assignment but the boat I was on sank. Some of us made the lifeboat in time but I was knocked out and when I came to, I was the only one left in the boat. I believe I left it on a beach near here.”
She perked up, “That explains a lot. There was a boat on the north face of the island. The warriors were fighting over some of the contents. It must have been yours.”
“Yeah, that was probably it. Amazingly, I was out there for days and never saw anyone. I came inland looking for help. I honestly thought I was going to die when you saved me.”
Lúta pulled her claws through her hair and fluffed it up leaning forward, she was absolutely fascinated with his story, and with him. This creature came from a world where he learned to respect women. He was beautiful and so alien at the same time. While she had heard stories about human men, she had never actually seen one. Now here he was, and he was her slave. “So tell me what is a doctor?” 
“Well, we help sick people. In my homeland, I’m a very valued member of society. Doctors are both wealthy and educated. I hope to continue my work someday, because I love helping people.” The comment was intentionally thought out to plant the seed in her head that he actually belonged somewhere else. 
 “I think that is wonderful. We have sick people all the time, it would be nice to have someone to help with them.” She either dismissed his insinuation or just didn’t catch it. Ben couldn’t tell which and it took a few seconds for him to realize that the proximity between them had closed dramatically.
She smelled of jasmine and he found the scent intoxicating. Her long lashes had her big brown eyes looking utterly amazing. His jaw dropped for a moment at the thought that he might be attracted to her, but as quickly as the thought entered his mind, he dismissed it. To the point that he had to sit up and shake it off. He looked back at her and referenced the book again. “Would you like to learn to read this?”
Lúta pressed her lips together and snatched the book from him to paw through the pages. Perhaps this book held secrets of her mysterious new comer, and he was offering to share them with her. He could see that her mind was working through whether or not to accept his offer, and he wondered if women were even allowed to read here. Although Ben was sure he had not been thrown back in time, the civilization here was primitive at best. He was starting to wonder if she did not want to take such a risk, then her strawberry blond fur  warmed to a golden hue as a smile lit up her face. “You would do that for me? Even my father never taught me to read.”
He leaned towards her and turned the book the right way up, opening it to the first page. “Of course I would, you’re smart. You should be reading in no time at all, perhaps even learn a thing or two about medicine. Would you like that?” She nodded eagerly as a spark lit in her eyes. He started to sound out the words with her, feeling like he won a small battle in securing his return home by befriending her. 
The next morning Ben beat his captors to the first of his chores. He had most of the animals fed and stalls cleaned by the time Bjorn stormed into the barn with his machete in hand. The creature rumbled a short growl at his discovery of the human doing what was expected of him, “I thought you had escaped.” Bjorn sheathed the weapon and let off a laugh as turned to leave. “This is good human. You are proving your worth and quickly. I am impressed.”
For the rest of the day he found himself making repairs around the tiny barn and house. The tools were limited or far too ancient for him to understand, but if he needed supplies they were given to him, no questions asked. He made quick work of many of the chores using a small hand axe and some old fashioned engineering.
When he got back to the house the only thing he could think of was food but what he found was a tub of water and a bath sheet on his bed. Lúta poured in the last of the water and pointed to a tray on his bed with some soaps and a scrub brush. “I have to help a friend with something. Relax for a bit before my brothers come back, you have earned it.” She smiled warmly as she left. 
Her efforts to give him some privacy were charming. It took him all of a few minutes to find something to shave with. He meant to jump in the water but thought on testing it first just in case it was hot. To his shock, it was ice cold. Something that baffled him, but he eased his way in and washed up. Not more than an hour later, he had the tub empty and cleaned. He finished what he could of the evening chores and when Lúta returned he was waiting for her at the table with a book. He set up some exercises for her and worked on her dinner chores as he coached her along. 
After dinner, the two of them worked on her lessons late into the evening practically cuddled up on the makeshift bed as he read to her. They repositioned themselves a few times to get comfortable before Ben found himself having to sit up. She smelled amazing and her proximity had had him fighting off his male urges. 
He meant to apologize but before he could speak, she was kissing him. Her lips were so soft and sweet it took him a few seconds to realize his tongue had even made its way into her mouth. His wits flew back to him quickly and he shoved off of her lips, “Oh God! Your brothers are going to kill me!” He wiped his mouth and turned away from her, mortified by his own actions.
She drew his face back around with one claw, until she knew she had his full attention. “Why do they ever have to know?” She kissed him again.
That reply was not reassuring for him. He was hoping she would have said, “Oh they will be just fine with a human making moves on their sister” or “Don’t worry they will get a good laugh out of it.” but the thought of being skinned like the pelts he had cleaned earlier sobered him right up. 
“I’m sorry my dear, I may have given you the wrong impression.” His complexion paled from panic as he plead for her understanding. “I like you a lot, it’s just that your brothers are so enormous and the whole big hands and long scary nails thing.” he waived his fingers about to emphasize his point.
She cut him off, “Listen, you just do tomorrow everything you did today and they will never be the wiser. They like you, I like you and I promise I will not be foolish enough to put you in danger. I know humans are fragile.” She chuckled as she scratched at his chest.
He scoffed and clutched her hand, “I beg your pardon? I am not fragile! In my world I’m actually a bit large and maybe even a little domineering.”
 That drew another chuckle from her as she pulled him back down on the bed and laid her head on his shoulder to continue reading their book. After a few moments, he found himself stroking the back of her hand as it rested on his chest. She was enchanting and as much as he was fighting it, he was falling for her.
She knew it too. It is what she wanted. He was fascinating and unique. Unlike the warriors she was used to, he wasn’t caught up in himself. Every day he came home and tended to her despite the fact that she told him he didn’t have to. He made the time. Not like it was his duty but like it was his desire to. All her life she heard what a good wife she was going to make and he instead told her she was smart…that she mattered.  Joutone women never matter. Not to warriors. Perhaps to humans, or maybe she just matters to this human.  Now if she could keep him alive long enough to figure out what to do with him. Because she was never letting him go.

Chapter 3

As weeks passed, it became a regular chore for Ben to follow Lúta through the square tugging a travois style cart, while she shopped for goods. He enjoyed these outings in part to get a break from the slave labor at the cottage and also to learn more about where he was. There was no opportunity lost on him to try and get his bearings. 
Trolling one vendor cart, he noticed several human goods and the vendor was talking in a language he had heard a few times already. The language was like nothing he had ever heard before. Not even derived from something he knew, no Latin, no French. Norse and Gaelic were both common in Iceland. He knew nothing of Norse but grew up with enough Gaelic to at least detect it in a conversation. What he was listening to was far removed from any modern language. 
The vendor paused in his discussion, almost annoyed with Ben’s lingering presence over his wares. Wanting to stick around and learn as much as he could Ben opted to pick up an item of interest on the cart, a flashlight. He held it up, “Do you know what it is?”
The vendor sneered. “It is not your concern, human.”
Ben held it up and pushed the button on the handle just to see if it had any juice in it. To his amazement, the battery was good. He smiled at the blank expression the vendor now held, and responded, “You did not know it did that, did you?” The vendor stomped over and picked it up, looking into the bright light and then aiming it towards his hand and see if it burned. 
Ben then picked up another item on the pile of wares, “This is a cork screw, it is used to open bottles and this one is if a coffee maker. You could use it to steep tea or medicine if you needed to.” He pointed to a glass cylinder with a metal pole in the center. 
The creature snapped up the cylinder and let off a growl, sending a clear message that Ben was not welcome at this cart. He followed Lúta to the next and marveled over the assortment of goods there. Discarded soda bottles and other waste had been turned into everything from jewelry to funnels. Another cart held hand blown glass that clearly had been made here on the island. 
A few minutes later he watched as Lúta paid for some fresh caught fish. She used a couple of arrow heads that had been made by her brothers. When they reached a table containing soaps and oils she paid with a jar of apple sauce from her own stock. Everything here was paid for in trade. This was a culture built on necessity. It seemed as though everything had a value, and if it was not something you valued, yourself, then someone else would be glad to make use of it. 
Ben stopped short when he noticed a life vest from his boat hanging from one of the carts. He held his breath as he walked by just unable to let out air at the thought of all the friends and colleagues he had seen perish. It was heart breaking, just seeing the various items left over from his crew spread about for the assessment of local shoppers; much like the valueless rubbish he had just passed by. 
Some of the carts sported goods that could not have been made on the island and were in too good of condition to have simply washed ashore. Someone was trading with humans. But who? Who would trade with these creatures and not have them plastered all over the nightly news? How did this place exist in a modern world with all the technology there is?
As the day went on Ben found the travois getting heavier and heavier. He scolded himself for not being used to the thing by now. It was not that he was out of shape. As a doctor, he took pride in a good diet and exercise, but with everything on the island having to be done by hand; he would have thought his entire upbringing was on chips and cola.  
He had fashioned a strap for his cart to more evenly distribute the weight but after a few yards that even became cumbersome. He stopped to rest and Lúta looked back at him. 
“I am so sorry Ben, I know this is a lot for you.” She closed in on him and softened her voice as she whispered in his ear, “I will make up for it later if you like.” As she backed away, she winked and he rolled his eyes knowing that she meant another make out session. He had to admit he was enjoying them as much as he did in high school, although the fear of actually being killed was never a real concern back then. The likelihood of them being caught by one of her brothers grew every time she found herself in the mood to give him another taste test.
She backed off slowly making sure to hold his gaze for another moment. His brow cocked up as he thought “Oh what the heck.” and he was ready to give it another go. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw something. “What in the world?” He wasn’t quite sure he had really seen it at first, but a second later it was there again, passing through the square dodging in and out of the crowd as it followed someone. A little girl…a human girl. She was a tiny toddler with blond hair and a well-made fur coat with leggings and boots.
Ben dropped the travois and found himself unconsciously following her. He thought for sure it was just with his eyes at first but as she moved farther away, he now knew his feet were following. Could there be other humans here? Was he not that only one? Were they slaves as well?  He came to a stop completely dumbfounded. His jaw just hung open in awe, since he had been here for weeks and had never seen another human the entire time.
Then something else caught his attention, it was a warrior and he was crossing the square quickly. The look in his eyes sent chills down Ben’s spine immediately as the massive beast closed in on him. Ben stood frozen and holding his breath repeating to himself over and over again “don’t show fear, don’t show fear,” but as much as he tried to convince himself that he could hold a tough face, he was sure his reflection would show a ghost of a man standing there. 
“Something interest you, human?” The creature towered over him looking down into his eyes and readying a fine set of claws for a blow when Lúta grabbed the beast’s arm.
“No, Mâvis! You cannot do that he is mine!” A growl lingered on her words.
The warrior was covered head to toe in albino white fur. He was wearing no armor, but a brown leather tunic that matched his pants. He had a mane of hair on his head that traveled nearly mid-waist. He kept the top of it pulled back giving his ice blue eyes a fierce look. He turned to Lúta, “Do, you really think I care, woman?” He shook her off his arm and drew back to kill the man when another female shoved him back effectively throwing herself between him and the human. The beast scolded her. “Go home, Genevieve! This is not your concern!”
“It is my concern, Mâvis! Let him be!” The shapely, ebony colored Joutone woman turned to address Lúta with urgency, “What are you waiting for? Take him!” She shoved Ben and then pointed in the direction of Lúta’s house.
Ben’s eyes stayed locked with the beast that was staring him down as a couple more females tried to deter the monster. He didn’t even realize Lúta was dragging him by the arm until she spoke. “Come on, will you? He wants to kill you!”
The sound of her voice brought him back into reality. “What did I do? I don’t even know what happened!”
She turned on her heels glaring at him, “Well you better think fast next time and do not do it again. You do not anger the guards ever, especially that one.”  
“Well I’ll be sure to refrain from drawing his attention a second time.” He picked up his pace to keep up with Lúta, “We forgot the cart.”
“My brothers will get it. You cannot go back and I am not leaving you alone with Mâvis chasing you.” She stormed into the house throwing one last peek out the door before locking it. “You are lucky he did not have his blasted axe with him. I am not sure Genie could have stopped him if he had. You will need to watch your back next time you go out.”
He paced the floor for a second trying to think. He ran through everything that happened repeatedly in his head and just couldn’t piece it together. “I saw a girl and stopped to be sure that was what I saw and then he started chasing me.”
“What do you mean a girl?” She walked over grabbing his hands in hers, searching his eyes for some meaning to what he was saying.
He could not have looked more baffled before he finally asked, “Are there other humans here?”
“Well, on the other islands there is a few from what I have heard, but as far as I know you are the only one on this island except….Ohhhh, now I know what happened.” She pulled out the dining chair and sat staring blankly for a few seconds, disturbed by her realization. Then she looked back up at Ben, afraid of his answer. “You saw a human girl, did you not? Was it a cub?”
“Yes! I knew it. That was a child I saw!” His eyes grew large with excitement. “Are there more?” He hoped her answer would be yes, but her expression only darkened with more worry.
“You saw Mâvis’s daughter. Oh, that is not good. I wonder if he sees you as a threat.” She got up suddenly and dashed around him to start prepping dinner, pulling a jar of rhubarb down off a shelf and opening it. “We need to talk to my brothers, and I need to talk to his wife. I will invite her for tea tomorrow.”
Benjamin reached over and grabbed a pot to take out and fill with water, “She wouldn’t be bringing that husband of hers would she? I should probably make myself scarce.”
“Oh gosh no. He is a palace guard like Bjorn. He will be gone to work all day. Do not worry, we will figure this out.” 
A few hours later Bjorn and  Avery made it home for dinner. They both walked in looking very miffed and  Avery wasted no time getting in Ben’s face. “What did you do today?”
Lúta shoved her way in-between them. “It was not his fault! He merely saw another human. It just happens to be Mâvis’s daughter, how was he supposed to know?”
 Avery shoved back, “Well now we have the most vicious warrior on the island livid with us woman. You need to tether him in public!”
She looked long and sorrowfully at Ben. He was already vulnerable, being a human, and a male. She had seen the way the vendors treated him in the market. No warrior would ever let some peddler bully him in that manor. To put a leash on him would make him far more of a target. “I cannot do that, it would be cruel.”
Bjorn stepped up and shoved a mug into Ben’s hand, filling it with the homemade, potato vodka. “Drink up, human. This might be your last day.” He stormed off into his quarters clearly stressed over the outcome of the day’s events.
 Avery looked back and forth between Ben and Lúta a few times, just questioning if he should hand the human over and let the general do as he pleased. The thought of seeing the pitiful creature skinned like a deer did not sit well with him. “Cruel would be serving him up to Mâvis. If you are not going to control him in public at least put him out of his misery.” He scowled at his sister and stormed out the door.
Ben put the mug on the table and turned to Lúta, taking her hands in his. “I won’t put you in that position. I will lay low tomorrow and just work around the house. 
She lowered her voice in response to avoid Bjorn hearing her. “If you cannot pull your weight they may do away with you.” Now she was looking him in the eyes, “We need to figure something out.”
Instinctively he pulled her to him for a hug and she took to the shelter of his arms drinking in his scent as he said, “Don’t worry, okay? This will all put itself right, there is a reason I ended up here and it was not to be killed. There is a purpose to this I promise you.” She was so quiet that he was sure he could hear the sound of her tears hitting his shoulder. Ben reached for the mug on the table and poured some into another mug for her, “Come on, let’s go read some more. I know how much you like that, okay? It’ll take your mind off things.” After seeing her nod and wipe her tears, he snuggled up on the bed and read to her until she was asleep. 



Chapter 4

The next day Ben woke up fresh and renewed. He decided that everything he said to Lúta the night before was true. He should have died on the boat, but he didn’t. He should have died on the shore, but he was still there. He should have died in the woods yet here he was in this house. He should have died yesterday and still, he was alive. Something about this place was important. He was sent here for a purpose and going home was no longer an option. 
He got dressed and set out to beat his captors to his chores but what he found when he opened the cottage door was complete and utter chaos. There had been a raid in the evening and there were several soldiers wounded or dead all over the square. A few warriors passed right by him including Mâvis and they never even noticed him. They were dragging a travois with someone on it. 
Out of curiosity, Ben decided to follow, staying well behind and out of sight.  The group stopped in front of a large chalet, the door opened, and a woman ran out screaming. Ben quietly snuck up behind a couple of large trees that hid him well. He could see that what or whoever was in the cart was still moving and in serious distress. 
He darted back to the cottage and grabbed his bag, the bottle of vodka and a bucket full of kitchen supplies. Lúta and Bjorn were now awake and heading out to the square themselves. Bjorn to assess the situation and get orders, Lúta to drag Ben back, scolding him as she did so, “What are you doing? Are you crazed?”
He spun on his heals as he continued towards the chalet with his supplies in hand, addressing her as he did so. “I don’t know, maybe. Nevertheless, if I am going to survive here I need to pull my weight, didn’t you say that? Doing what I know how is the best way to accomplish that. Trust me, please?”
 She looked long and hard at him before seeing the mess he was walking into. “Fine, go, but I cannot help you if this turns bad, I just hope you know that.”
He nodded silently and hurried to the cart with Lúta following. A few of the guards including Bjorn turned to look at him as if he was completely nuts. His master shoved his spear up to Ben’s throat. “What are you doing, human?” 
Ben swallowed hard and raised his voice a bit looking straight at Bjorn but yelling past him to the woman crouching over the travois. “I can help him!” 
The woman straightened up and shoved Bjorn out of the way. “What did you say?”
“I can’t waste time…I can save him. If you will let me, that is.” He wasn’t sure he could or even to what extent the injuries were. All he knew was that if meant to live through this day he had to save that warrior because clearly the entire village found him of value. “Do you want that man to live?”
“Yes, yes I do, come.” The tall, grey-haired woman shoved the guards away from the travois to make room for Ben.
He pulled back the blanket covering the warrior, to find an arrow sticking out of his left chest cavity. The sounds coming from the victim were indicative of a collapsed lung. A surgery he had done many times in the field hospitals. 
He cursed himself, however, as he at least had nurses and OR techs to be his extra hands. All he had now were some illiterate barbarians and his life depended on this going right. He turned to Lúta, “I need you.” She pushed past her brother to his dismay and knelt down next to Ben. “You have to do everything I say without question, do you understand? If we are not careful, we could lose him. I trust you if you trust me.”
She agreed and obeyed every request, handing him what he needed and taking what he passed back to her. He worked feverishly for several minutes before a shot of relief washed over Ben’s face. He heard the sound of the lung re-inflating and saw the color come back into the beast’s lips.
Shortly after, he had the arrow out and the creature was sewn back up. Ben wiped his face with a rag and stood up letting out a deep breath as the cart was dragged into the house.
The woman that greeted him to begin with turned back to him in awe, “You just saved the King’s son! You just saved my son!” She embraced him so tightly he thought he would need his own lungs inflated in another second or so. “You will be greatly rewarded for this. What is your name?”
“I am Benjamin, Madam, Doctor Benjamin Abbott.”
“Well, Abbott, you are to join us tomorrow night as my honored guest.”
He tried to cut her off, “That won’t be necessary, but I will need to check on him periodically to make sure we are not looking at any infection or illness ahead of him, these conditions are not quite what I am used to when I do these things.”
“Human, you have an open invitation into my home anytime you wish and my guards will see to it that you are well cared for when you are here.”
He flashed a semi warm smile and spun on his heels to take off and find the next victim. He was able to save all but three of the men. Two were already dead and the last one had lost too much blood. By the end of the day, Ben had done what he set out to do. He proved he could carry his weight, proved his worth.
Ben passed Mâvis who was standing by a tree observing quietly and eating an apple. For a second Ben felt like stopping and offering a smile, but something in the air told him to keep walking. Don’t even look back. He made it to the door of the cottage and reached for the latch when something sailed past his head and buried into the wall, he looked over to see a spear directly at his eye level jutting from the cottage wall.
His heart was suddenly beating so loud he could hear it in his ears. Turning to see if the creature was still there and maybe readying another, he instead saw the giant guard leaving him one last glance as he stormed off towards his post at the chalet. The warrior chuckling to himself, “That will teach you not to turn your back on warrior, human.”
 Ben reached up to pull the spear out of the wall and bring it in. He tried to give it a couple good yanks with no avail. Bjorn walked up behind him grabbing it with one hand releasing it from its home in the wall with instant gratification. “Do not worry, human, we will teach you to throw them someday. You did very well today. There will be a reception tomorrow in honor of your courage and in honor of the warriors from the battle. You will need all the rest you can get for now.” He donned a huge grin and slapped Ben on the back nearly knocking the wind out of him. “Come, eat.”
Ben spent a few minutes scrubbing up for dinner and then joined Bjorn at the table. Not a second after he sat down and pulled up a bowl to eat  Avery came bursting through the door. He was jolly and laughing as he tore off his armor, “We chased Ormr’s men clear to the beach. We took nine of his men down! Nine!”
“Yeah, well, while you were gone our slave took it on himself to save the king’s son and seven others. We only lost three and he says the rest will heal quickly.” Bjorn beamed a toothy grin back at his brother.
 Avery turned to Ben awe struck, “Is that so? You bring great honor to our house human. How is it possible?”
Ben slowly chewed through a tough piece of the gamy wolf meat and sat back to think carefully over his words, suspecting that he would leave them all baffled. “In my world I’m a doctor. I have special training to help people who are injured or sick. I was an army medic for a few years and I am actually used to working in tough climates and with limited resources, although I do have to say none as limited as this.”
Both the men stared at him blankly until he finished speaking then they burst into laughter.  Avery stood slapping him on the back and reaching for a jug of ale, “I don’t know what you said, human, but I like it! You are the best servant we have ever had!”
Lúta dropped a platter of biscuits on the table and took a seat, teasing her brother. “You have never had a servant before,  Avery.” 
“Right, so that would make him the best!” He rumbled as he shoved a mug full of ale into Ben’s hand. They spent most dinner laughing and telling stories. Lúta eyed him the entire evening, quietly swapping out her brothers’ ale for the potato spirits and topping off their mugs steadily as they celebrated.
Finally, both the men staggered off to bed and Ben found himself undressing in the dark. No sooner had he had unbuttoned his shirt than he felt Lúta’s claws scrape delicately across his chest. She was behind him, blowing into his ear softly. He turned to protest but the moment he did their lips met and he found himself drawn into a sensual kiss. He wanted to stop and explain to her that he feared the repercussions but instead he went in for a second taste of her mouth before finally expressing his concern. “Lúta this is dangerous. I’m not scared for me but what would they do to you?”
She stopped and slowly opened her eyes, they were so dark and heated from her need for him. “I would probably be sold. I promise we are safe though. I made sure they had more than their fill of drink. They will be passed out until evening tomorrow.” She giggled.
“We are not exactly the same Lúta. I don’t even know…” 
She put her clawed finger over his mouth to hush him. “There are couples in other villages. Ormr is king in his village and he is a half-breed. His father was human.” Her eyes were now urging him to continue.  Her desperation was not lost on him and he succumbed quickly to his male urges. Running his fingers through her long wavy hair and pulling her into his kiss. He found her tongue to savor it, so sweet and soft in his mouth.
Ben collapsed to the bed and watched her peel down her blouse. Her breasts were every bit as human as he was. Her silky fur had faded into smooth skin at the breast line. She straddled his lap and the overwhelming mounds fell right out over his mouth; leaving him little choice but to enjoy them. He watched her eyes close as he went for the first supple, brown nipple and immediately he could feel the heat of her response in her thighs. 
He sat up to meet her mouth with his and sucking in her tongue again as the taste of warm tea and honey aroused all of his senses. He rolled with her to the bed, reluctantly letting go of one last sensual kiss so that he could explore what other treasure she had to offer. 
Her breasts heaved with every breath, fueling his need to deliver sensations that were more amazing. Her stomach was smooth skin and after her navel, her fur continued, sleek and silky. Not so much as a single curl anywhere. So soft it could easily be mistaken for skin. He planted some lingering moist kisses just above the fur line and as he suspected, this spot was sensitive. Her knees curled, in anticipation of what was coming. His curiosity for how much he draw out of her took over and he buried his face in her warm thighs, licking her crevice until her lips parted and her warmth invited his tongue in. 
He took hold of her little pink pearl and she squirmed to escape the intense feeling. He wrapped his arms around her thighs and yanked her back and indulging more. He dove deeper when he felt her claws weave through his hair and now he knew she was enjoying it. The more he gave the more she wanted and as her heat intensified, her grip tightened in his hair drawing a grunt from him and fueling him to finish her. He let go of her and her expression was of loss and confusion as she watched him wipe her glisten from his chin and crawl up to meet her mouth again.
No longer able to ignore the throb of his cock, he had to have her. In a desperate attempt to silence their sounds, he snatched up her mouth with his, as her hands cupped the back of his head. The slick taste of her own juices still lingering on his lips and her own scent heightened her pleasure. He buried himself in her and was not prepared for her claws digging into the back of his neck and shoulders. The reaction made him wonder if she had ever been with a man before, but he dared not ask. The pain evolved into excitement as he answered it with more driven thrusts.
He knew he had her over on the edge of release when she was wrapped around him so tightly. Moving with him, breathing with his well-timed rhythm and desperately lost in his eyes. She let go of his mouth and grit her teeth as she finally gave in. Her box tightening on his cock as her arms and thighs went limp. 
He let her relax for a few moments, then held up her thigh, driving home as if it was the last ass he would ever have, as this very well may be. She was still so tight and when he spilled his seed, he collapsed on her. It took a few minutes for him to find the strength to roll off of her and as he did so she scooted down to look into his eyes. 
Running her claws delicately down his cheek, she could not help but admire the way the moon seemed to illuminate his skin in the dark. He was so magical, she thought. Able to heal people, and able to give her so much pleasure with his touch. She had been with a warrior before. However he did not draw that kind of pleasure out of her, and she now knew no warrior would ever compare to what she had with this human, this sorcerer. 
Her hair created a curtain in the moonlight and he could not help but be mesmerized by her soft features. He wanted so badly to spend the rest of the night with her warm, shapely body draped across him. That would not be possible. Not with the threat of the sleeping giants in the other room. He brushed some of her hair out of her face and said, “I will have a long day tomorrow. In addition to my chores I now have seven patients to check in on. I have to be sure they are not facing infection or other complications.”
The twinkle in her eye was replaced with a hint of moisture, and she said nothing as she climbed off the bed and retreated to her quarters. She couldn’t help but stop at the door and look over her shoulder at him. Just to be sure he was still there. Still real…still hers.

Chapter 5

Ben had spent the morning following Lúta to the homes of each one of his patients to check on their progress. Every single one seemed to have the same reaction. They were not used to a human or a servant making inquiries on them. By the time they got to the last house Lúta was fed up with the cold reactions and took over knocking on the door. The woman of the house opened it to see Lúta standing there with Ben. Her warm smile turned serious as she scorned Lúta, “My husband did not ask for help, he owes nothing for the service.”
Lúta let off a rather feminine warning growl, as her eyes went cold. “We are not here to collect on your husband’s debt to my slave. We are here to ensure your husband will not get sick from his wounds. You will let the healer see him.” 
The woman stepped aside and let both of them in. Ben held his first-aid kit tightly in both of his hands and greeted the woman warmly as he passed. Then the warrior he had treated the day before tried to stand up from his dining chair, letting off a very impressive rumble. The vibration from that beast’s chest had Ben feeling like he was approaching a bear. His hands shook as he placed his kit on the table and opened it up. “I swear, I am not here to collect on any sort of debt. You owe me nothing. I am here for nothing more than to ensure your wounds are healing properly.”
The rumbling ceased and the warrior limped over to a dry bar plucking up a jug of spirits and biting out the stopper. He spun the dining chair around and sat in it taking a swing and offering up the leg for examination. Ben thought on warning about how much the liquor could thin the blood, but he didn’t have will to even argue the point with the creature. He simply took out some freshly sterilized rags and proceeded to cut the bandages on the wounded leg. 
The wound appeared to be clean although it was uncomfortably swollen. The stitches were tight from fluid buildup. Ben went for a metal skewer he had obtained from Lúta’s kitchen. He held it over the flame of a candle on the dry-bar, “The wound looks good with the exception of the swelling. I am assuming it is very sore?”
That comment won a grunt although, the warrior was clearly suspicious of what Ben was doing with the skewer. The predatory stare was more than enough to prompt an explanation. “I can ease the pain if you can handle a little prodding. The swelling is from built up fluids in the wound. If I do not drain it, the wound will become infected. However if I can relieve the pressure you will find it is more comfortable and the healing should progress.” This explanation did not seem to ease the creatures edgy temperament in the least.
Lúta was leaning on the table watching the warrior carefully to be sure he would not make a grab for Ben. “Marlow you got that wound in battle. You were warrior enough to take that, now you flinch at the thought of a puny human relieving it. Your king would think you a coward, and I would be sure you are the gossip of the kingdom before you take your noon meal.”
Ben watched in amazement as the creature relaxed. Then he shook it off and proceeded to puncture the slit in the stitches. The warrior went rigid at first, as expected, the draining started with blood at first then progressed nicely to clear fluid. Exactly what Ben was hoping for. He squeezed around the wound to ensure he was leaching all of the fluid then he soaked the rag with some of the vodka placing the compress on the wound. The beast growled again flinching from the pain. For all of a second it looked like he meant to throttle Ben, but Lúta shoved Ben backwards to the floor effectively putting herself between him and the warrior. “It is for your good, is it not?” 
Again, the warrior calmed taking another swig off the jug and capping it. “Take him out of here. I will need no more of his powers.”
Lúta packed up Ben’s supplies and took him by the hand as he stood, leading him out the door. Not a moment after they left she turned to him. “Go home and get the cart, we are going shopping.”
He was a bit perplexed as she usually brought something to trade, “Do you want me to grab some honey or anything else?”
“No. Marlow will be paying for our outing today.” With that, she stormed off, fed up with the treatment the slave was receiving. No warrior would dare treat her that way. Yet they take on a defenseless human without hesitation. A few minutes later she found her brother on post outside the village gates. He was sitting on a stump conversing with a few other guards
“Bjorn, the slave cannot perform his duties. He is challenged in the market, he is challenged when I take him to the homes of the warriors he saved. They have no respect for him.” He clearly was ignoring her as he continued his conversation and she took his arm to be sure he understood that she would not go away. “They cross me Bjorn, without hesitation. Are you not going to do something about it?”
He shoved her back in through the gate, “Perhaps you need to keep the nuisance out of their way. What need does he have with those warriors?”
She expected the casual stance on the matters of the slave. Joutone warriors thought all humans to be inferior. What she found unexpected and intolerable was his stance on her own affairs. His showing off infuriated her. “Very well, those warriors owe him for using his powers. Now you have seven debts to owed to your house. Go on then, let these warriors think they can refuse payment to me. When you are starving for your supper perhaps then you will see fit to stand up for your name.” With that she took up her skirts and left for home just knowing what would happen.
She had not made it even a few steps when Bjorn snatched her up by the arm. “Your tongue has grown careless, and you are not a cub anymore.” Yanking her back to him to be sure she understood what this meant. “You talk to me like this again I will cut your throat and toss you to the wolves.” She was now livid, but she would not dare challenge him. She simply shook off his grip and watched him storm off, tossing over his shoulder, “I am to collect on these debts, woman?”
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mâvis leaning on the fence opposite the side her brother was on. She wondered if they even knew he was there as the worriers gossiped. He was pretending to ignore the spat with her brother.  She knew better and chose to ignore his presence as she took up her skirts to follow her brother. Mâvis let off warning that stopped her cold. 
She simply replied, “It is not your concern, Mâvis.” Then she watched him carefully as he straightened up and crossed her path. Shortly after passing her he spun on his heels to watch her reaction as he said, “I have never liked your brother. His forked tongue is dangerous. Dangerous for the king, the village…you. I assure you should I find him beating you like he did last spring, I will gut him like a deer.”
Her chin trembled at the thought of what Mâvis was capable of, “Please, Mâvis. He is only protecting me. It is duty, is it not?” 
The warrior simply let off a smug warning growl and casually spun back towards the palace. He had the information he wanted. The conversation between Bjorn and the other guards was just what he was looking for. Someone had alerted Ormr’s men to the young prince’s hunt. 
Mâvis dwelled heavily on the death of the last warrior he had killed from the attack. The coward scrambled across the frozen ground in fear of the next blow from his axe. A warrior he had known well growing up, a warrior that once pledged his loyalty to the greatest king to ever rule these lands, Ormr’s own father. This warrior stood and watched with many others while Ormr tortured his father to death. The father that had raised them like brothers.
The trail of blood from this coward had drenched the snow as he cradled his freshly severed arm and begged for his life. The promise Mâvis made of the wolves feasting on the coward’s carcass rang still fresh in his own ears. He relished the memory of the warrior making his last feeble attempt to fight off his demise. Trying to block the final deathblow with nothing more than a bloody stump of an elbow and his still good hand. The final swing was so swift and so clean, taking off the head and delivering a much warranted end to a pitiful traitor. 


Chapter 6

The celebration was huge, it looked like the entire village had come out to check on the prince and it was clear the villagers were having fun. The party took up the great room and spilled out onto a patio on the side of the beautiful colonial style chalet. The floors of the great room were done in a parquet style. Some of the tiles had inlays with motifs and designs that all seemed to rally around a hunting theme. There were several long tables to dine at and there were a few tables set up as buffets. 
The king’s table stood in front of an impressive fireplace with an enormous mantle. Above it sat a wolf skull painted in war colors, the same blue and yellow that donned the spears and arrows that the warriors carried. Ben found this interesting, as the creatures wore no other bright colors on their armor or garments. For the most part everything was earthy colors and leather or wool. He only saw women wearing colors and even then, it was clear that status had a role to play in who could afford color and who could not. 
Taking in the rest of the scene, there was music, food and dancing. Bjorn and  Avery sat at the crowded table with King Freyr in heavy discussion while Ben trolled one of the buffet tables. Checking out all the different concoctions these indigenous people had come up with, he made no effort to touch anything in the spread. Instead he chose to watch the other folk’s manners as they approached the table. 
Lúta paced behind him quietly watching his movements and wondering why he was so shy after all the work he had done for the king. After a few moments she leaned one arm on his shoulder and reached around him to grab a pastry off the table. She offered it up to him and whispered into his ear, “You are an honored guest here tonight, if you want something it is yours.” An enchanting purr rolled off tongue, something he had never heard a human pull off as well as she did.
He accepted the baked treat and turned to watch her stroll off and join her female friends. He smiled warmly at her every time she stopped talking to check on him with her eyes. After a few moments, the entire group of females was looking at him giggling and he now felt uncomfortable. If the ladies were discussing the prior evening’s events, he would quickly find himself the focus of an execution party instead of this lovely celebration.
He turned to take an empty seat when the woman he had been introduced to the prior evening approached him. He opted to forgo the seat at the moment and stand out of respect, “Madam,” He greeted her warmly.
“Abbott, you are our guest this evening. Please, could you join us at our king’s table?”
He paused briefly, to see if he could recall her name. All he knew was that she was the queen of this tiny kingdom. “You know, I never got your name yesterday. I do hope you’ll forgive my manners in not asking for it.”
She looped her dainty clawed hand through his elbow and guided him towards the table. “No, it was rude of me not to offer it.”
“I beg your pardon, Madam, but a lady of your distinction is not capable of ill manners.” She was slightly taller than Ben and he had to look up to address her.
Her jaw dropped in astonishment as she paused and turned towards him, “My goodness creature, you are quite the charmer are you not? I am Erica and my husband is Freyr. If you have any requests of us, you have our full attention tonight.”
He thought briefly on her words before responding, “I would like to say that I would know what to ask for but seeing that all my needs are met at the time being; the only request I have is to be allowed to check on my patient at your earliest convenience.” His answer drew a blank stare from her and he reworded it. “I just wish to know how your son looks. I’m afraid the last time I saw him he was a bit of a mess and I wish to see that my workmanship is still holding up.”
She grinned, flashing all of her teeth and fangs in a bright beaming smile. “Come, I will introduce you to my husband and the guards will show you to his chamber after.” She pulled out a chair across from the king and offered it to Ben. “My love, you remember the human I told you about last night.” Freyr stood with his wife’s introduction, taking Ben’s hand firmly for a shake. The king was plump and quite out of shape in comparison to the guards that served him. Like all the males Ben encountered Freyr was tall. His fur was very dark, yet not quite black and showed signs of aging in the faded grey tips. The fur on his nose and mouth were also starting to bleach from time.
Ben marveled for a moment over the handshake, as simple as it was, this gesture was not used worldwide. He had been to many a continent where a handshake could be considered an insult or unsanitary, here it was just as traditional as it would be back in his English home. The polite gentility of these people seemed to be at odds with their primitive nature. It was as if an aristocracy had somehow bewitched a clan of bears.
Freyr replied, “Yes, yes, human. You have captured my attention in more ways than one. I hear after you left us last night you then repaired more of my injured warriors.”
“Yes sir, I did what I could for the men that I could save. I’m sorry for the ones who were lost.”
The king sat back down, “Nonsense, you have nothing to be sorry for. I hear you are a servant for Bjorn. Is that true?”
Ben turned to thank a maid as she placed a mug of ale in front of him. Reaching for it, he toasted the king for a second before taking a swig. “Yes sir, it’s true.”
The king turned to Bjorn, “You are one of my most loyal guards Bjorn. What say you to relinquishing this servant to the palace and taking a promotion and a healthy new cottage for your family?”
Bjorn thought on it for a second before eying Benjamin up and down then turning to his brother to whisper. He then replied to the king, “With all due respect, sir, we could make so much more with the use of his services for hire. He is already fetching us a healthy new income.” They both looked to the king patiently waiting for his response, knowing full well they had no title for the slave. Should the king lure Ben away they would be powerless to stop it.
Freyr then turned to Benjamin and posed the question. “Tell me, human, what do you say of serving these men verses serving my kingdom?”
Damn it, they were putting him in quite the predicament. To make matters worse they were all looking at him in such a manner that he knew he must choose his words carefully.
He thought hard on it, taking another draw on the ale in his hand to buy himself some more time before he responded. “Honestly, I think it would be a great honor to serve under you, sir, and wish to do so in due time. However, these men found me struggling for my own life not that long ago and saved me. I am indebted to them and eternally grateful. I find that in serving them I stand to learn a lot about the proper respect due from me and can offer better services with this education. That being said I don’t see why you could not make use of me upon necessity, that is providing that these good men could be compensated as described already.”
Both of the brothers choked on their drinks with his last words and the king sat there slack jawed in awe. “Where did you come from?” The king rumbled a good laugh and reached across the table to shake Ben’s hand. “It is done Abbott, I will see to it that they are compensated immediately and when you are ready you can join us here at the palace.”
Ben could not help but dwell on the fact that he just negotiated the sale of his own ass. “Thank you, sir, now if I may be excused I wish to check on your son and see how he has been doing since yesterday. I generally take it upon myself to make sure the folks I tend to are progressing as they should be.”
“Yes, of course.” He gestured to the end of the table where Mâvis was sitting quietly in the shadows enjoying a drink and some food. “Could you show this man to Olsen’s quarters?”
He narrowed his eyes on the human and grinned as he stood, “Gladly.”
Ben was now the one choking on his drink, it took him a few seconds to recover as the entire table looked on. “On second thought maybe it is better we let him get his rest for the night.” He barely finished speaking when he was hauled out of his seat by his arm.
“I believe the king is expecting you to follow through with your request, human.”  Mâvis growled as he shoved him in the direction of the hall door. Bjorn stood to accompany Ben and Mâvis shot him a smile, “I can handle him on my own, Bjorn, stay and enjoy the festivities.”
They proceeded down a couple of corridors before the guard stopped in front of a large door and opened it ushering Ben in. He paused for a second completely avoiding eye contact as he zoomed past the guard. He found the young warrior propped up in the bed, and this was a good feeling for the moment. His color in his lips looked great but his breathing was shallow.
The doctor sat on the bed next to him and peeled back the dressing, “This will need to be changed more frequently and your breaths are too short.”
The creature looked at him inquisitively, “It hurts to breathe hard.”
Ben took a candle from the nightstand and held it up to get a better look at Olsen, now realizing this was in fact a teenager. “Listen to me carefully, you are merely saved from the arrow. The rest of this is on you. I know it hurts, young man, but you have to take long deep breaths to build your strength back up or you will succumb to your injuries. The lungs like to expand fully no matter how much it hurts. Can you do that for me?”
The young warrior sat up a bit more in an attempted to exercise his lungs. He flinched in pain with the first long draw of air, but muscled through it. 
“Good, very good. If you keep that up you will be out of bed in a few days’ time. I can see you are a strong warrior and your parents want to see you up and well. Take a conscious effort to work at your breathing and soon it will become easier as your chest remembers what good air feels like.” Ben stood smiling and bid the young man good night before scooting past the guard at the door.
Mâvis shut it and followed Ben up the hall, his long strides made catching up to the puny human easy. Before they even made it around the next corner, Ben found himself pinned up against the wall with Mâvis’s vice like grip encompassing his entire neck. Mâvis leaned on the wall and watched with pride as the doctor’s face turned purple from the pressure on his throat. “Humans are so slow to learn. You never turn your back on a warrior who wants you dead.”
The room started going dark and sound was starting to become muffled as the life left his body. Just then, Lúta and Genevieve came around the corner, “Mâvis!” His wife’s voice drew the guard’s attention and he instantly released his hold on Ben’s throat sending the man crashing to the floor, gasping for air. Genie continued scolding him, “You are not to do that again, leave the human alone!”
“I do not take orders, woman!” His growl hung on his words as he stomped off.
“Are you alright?” Lúta knelt down and helped Ben to his feet, now glad she could not let go of the nagging feeling that Mâvis would do something like this. She addressed her friend, “You need to talk to your husband Genie; this has to stop. Ben has done nothing to deserve this!” 
Genevieve echoed her shock. “I will. I promise this will never happen again.” Seeing Lúta had this handled, Genie stormed off to find her husband. 
Mâvis had already made his way back home and was feeding his daughter when Genevieve burst in yelling at him. “What was that about?” Mâvis sat silently offering a bite off his fork to a sleepy eyed little girl. She looked up at her mother as she chewed it carefully and watched intently as Genie stood arms crossed over her chest. “Fine, if you will not answer me you can sleep outside.” She backed up and opened the door, “Out!” He glared up at her as he slammed his fork on the table and took off out the door.
Genevieve slammed it shut and sat down at the table in his place, patiently watching her daughter eat. “Were you a good girl tonight, love?” The blond haired, blue-eyed child nodded slowly and rubbed her eyes to stay awake. “Awe, come here lay on mother.” The tiny three year old stood on the chair and opened her arms as Genie scooped her up and brought her into the bed to lay down. “She played a few finger games with the girl until she was giggling, then she ran her claws through the girl’s hair stroking gently until sleep took over.
Not more than a few minutes later Mâvis was back at the table pawing through a new bowl of food with a spoon. Genevieve got out of bed and crossed the room to put away the dishes and grab a bucket for water. She made it all of a few steps when he stood and spun her around to look at him. He said nothing before kissing her hard. She dropped the bucket and kissed back. When he finally pulled away he grinned, “You cannot deny me, woman.”
“I can and I will if you continue making a fool of me to the court. What has you so determined to kill that poor creature?”
He sat back at the table and threw his feet on a chair, “I do not like humans, Genie.”
She leaned over the table glaring at him, “So? We have been around them before, the other islands have humans. Our daughter is human!” She was now pointing at the bed Jocelyn was laying in.
He sat up quickly narrowing his eyes at her, “Exactly. She is human. Why expose her to risk of them trying to take her back? I chose this village for the exact reason that there were no humans here. We can live in peace.”
She leaned on the sink looking at him sly-eyed for a moment before she went back to finishing her chores, “I thought you chose it because of your grievance with Ormr.”
 Her devilish comment got a swift growl from him, “He does not scare me woman. I could kill him on a whim.”
“But you have not, perhaps you still feel guilty.” 
“What is there to feel guilty of? He is an excellent warrior. If he thought you were worth fighting for he should have challenged me. Instead he ran like a coward, I did nothing wrong. He is weak.” He scoffed and shook his head in disgust as he continued eating.
“He was your friend, Mâvis.” Her last comment had him scowling into his food as he ate. Recalling how much closer they really were, how Ormr was a brother to him in every way except blood. The betrayals between them had cut so deeply that the bloodshed would never end, of that he was sure. At some point in time it seemed as though the head strung young king betrayed everyone he knew, and those that betrayed him all paid so dearly. 
Frustrated with too much time spent dwelling on the past already, he rounded the table to put his dishes down and took a shot at kissing his wife again. “I have no friends Genie, I have a wife and a daughter and that is all I need. Now how do I get you to shut up and take care of your husband?” 
He closed in for that kiss and she dodged it by turning her head since he had her trapped between himself and the sink basin.  “You can start by promising to leave the human alone.” She eyed him from under her lashes for a response.
He shoved off her frustrated, and crossed the room. He plucked Jocelyn out of his blankets to tuck her into the loft above his head. “Very well, woman, you have my word. The human will not die by my hand. Now come to bed!”



Chapter 7

The next morning Genevieve and Erica greeted Lúta at her door. The queen smiled at her, “May we come in?”
“Of course you may. To what do I owe the pleasure?” She accepted a basket of honey and applesauce jars from the queen.
Genie was the first to speak, “We came to apologize to your human for what happened at the palace last night.”
Erica pushed past Lúta and dashed right over to Ben taking both his hands in hers “Truly, I am so sorry. Had I known there was bad blood between you and Mâvis I would have not invited him last night. He is a very well respected warrior and is the reason Olsen made it home for you to save. There is not a single warrior like him any place, and five of the nine men we killed the other day were taken down by Mâvis alone. My son would never have made it back home without him and his skills.”
Now Genie took his hands from Erica’s, “Listen, I talked to him last night. He is fine, you are now safe around him and with my husband taken care of you are free to roam the village as you please. I honestly hope he is not the reason you turned down the king’s offer last night, because if he is you should reconsider. The king will make you a very wealthy man and find you a good wife.” Her eyes twinkled with encouragement. 
Ben could not hold her eye contact for some reason. Instead his focus was far more concentrated on Lúta. “I would like to say that he was the reason for turning down the position but honestly it is exactly as I said it was. I owe my life to these good people and mean to fulfill my debt to them if it is within my ability.”
The two women looked at each other blankly for a second and then towards Lúta. She lowered her eyes bashfully in response and both of her guests burst into laughter. Erica turned to Ben as her eyes narrowed on the human. “Are you two in love? Come now, you might be able to fool her oblivious brothers, but you are talking to women now.” She ran her claws through Ben’s black curly hair, “Oh my, you would make the most adorable cubs.” The queen turned to Genie, “Can you imagine the fluffy little cubs?”
The two women gloated for over half an hour on their happy little discovery and Lúta sat them down for tea and begged their silence. Ben dressed up and headed out to calm his nerves by chopping some wood. 
Later in the evening Genie found herself humming around her own home. She served her daughter and herself dinner then plopped the little girl in the washbasin to wash up for bed. Mâvis dashed in the door quickly, looking for whatever dinner was left over. “Sorry I am so late, love. We had a lot to catch up on and I have to go back to keep watch this evening.” He took quick notice of her jolly spirit. “What has you so happy?” He kissed her on the forehead and looked into her eyes.
She took on a sly smile before she lowered her eyes and returned back to washing her daughter.  “Oh nothing, Mâvis.” 
He sat and plucked a loaf of bread off the table tearing it open and taking a bite off it, “You know I do not take well to your lies, woman. There is nothing you can hide from me.”
She shot him an angry glare, “Like you have time to waste on idle gossip, Mâvis. Take yourself back to work before you find yourself cold tonight.”
“Gossip has you this gleeful? You women baffle me, I swear.” He rolled his eyes and stood to reach for a towel, “Come, cub. You can see your father before I venture off for the evening.” He snatched Jocelyn out of the basin and stood her on the table to dry her off.  Genevieve watched them both quietly for a few moments then turned to empty the basin. He could not help but notice how long she watched them, “What is it, love?” He wrapped Jocelyn up and sat her on his seat to corner his wife again. “I swear woman, I will find out this story.”
She studied his face for a few moments, “You cannot tell anyone, Mâvis.” He responded with a grunt as he closed in for a long kiss. She let go and pressed her lips together, “You must swear, Mâvis.”
“I will swear that I have yet to earn your trust, wife. If you do not tell me what is on your mind, you will not sleep tonight.” Again, he went in to savor a kiss. 
She knew he would be relentless until she broke her secret and the compulsion to tell him took over, “Lúta and the human are in love.” As soon as she said it, she wished she could take it back. Her husband’s face got very serious for a second, and then he burst out laughing. 
He turned and picked up his armor to get dressed, “Thank you, that made my night. I do not have to worry about killing that filthy creature. Bjorn will do it himself.”
She dashed to the door blocking it and searching his face for his intentions, “You swore, Mâvis. You cannot tell him.” 
He got real serious and real close as he pulled her chin up until he could look into her eyes, “You can always trust me, wife, but those fools will not be able to hide something like that. Under his roof no less. You are to stay out of it from this point on. If you get hurt I cannot be responsible for my actions no matter what I promised. Do you understand?” He watched carefully for any signs that she might disobey him. She instead nodded obediently and swallowed hard knowing that if anything bad happened it would be the human’s death. He leaned in to kiss her one last time on his way out the door.
The rest of the evening Genevieve found herself unable to sleep, she feared her husband’s words, but also that Bjorn would soon find out and the results would be the same. She tossed and turned so much that she didn’t even bother letting Jocelyn fall asleep in her bed. When morning came, she made a basket full of tea and honey and headed off to the palace to see Erica.
A few hours later, both the women were at Lúta’s cottage. She opened the door to see the worried look on their faces as they shoved their way in. Erica paced the floor for a few seconds, “I think we need to change the deal made for the human.” She stopped and looked at the horror on Lúta’s face as the woman slowly sat down at the table in tears. 
Erica sat with her, “I will talk to my husband tonight and tell him we need the human, we can renegotiate the price with your bothers and offer the human a wife for his services. Then we will just make sure you are the wife in question.” Her eyes looked hopeful as she reached for her friend’s hand. 
“My brothers would never agree to that. He cannot protect me from challengers.” Her tears were running full stream at this point and Lúta brushed her hair behind her ear. “They are going to kill him. I swore I would not let that happen. I swore!” She stood and grabbed the queen’s arms before embracing her in a hug, sobbing. “You have to help him, please!”
Genevieve paced the floor. “What if you two got married and went to King William’s village? The doctor can offer his service there and no one is going to start a war over a couple of lovers taking off.”
Erica sat back down quietly for a few minutes before responding, “I do not know, Genie. Freyr is very serious about having the healer under our rule. That is a powerful asset in this fight.”
“We did fine before he came. Honestly, he saved your son, do you not owe it to him to see his happiness?” Genie put her hands on her hips waiting for a reply. 
Erica snapped back at her friend, “I did not say I would not try, I only said it would be useless.”
“How useless would he be dead? At least this way we can still turn to him if we are in dire need. And we win his loyalty in the process.”
 Erica thought on Genevieve’s words for a moment, “She is right, you two need to leave. Take him to the lysthus tonight and marry. We will have Mâvis smuggle you both out in the night.”
“Mâvis? He wants Ben dead!” The regret hung in heavily in Lúta’s eyes.
Genevieve corrected her as he paced the room, “No, my husband wants him gone, that is all. He is simply thinking about the safety of our daughter. Honestly, it will not matter to him one way or another how the human goes. I will talk to him tonight. Get Ben to the lysthus when the square is empty. That is all you have to do. We will take care of the rest, is that understood?” Lúta nodded still a little teary-eyed. The women all hugged and parted so Lúta could pack. 
As evening approached, Ben and Lúta’s brothers returned home. She made quick work of her dinner chores and as soon as Ben was done eating, she grabbed his arm and tossed his coat over her shoulder, “Come human, I need you to see the mess you made of things in the barn.” The moment the door closed behind her she turned to see if her brothers had any interest in checking on them. They were more focused on the drinks she had put out; so she rushed Ben off towards the village square. 
Ben was incredibly confused, “Lúta, last I checked the barn was the other way.”
“Yes, I know, Ben. We are not going to the barn.” She brought him into an enclosed gazebo like structure in the square and took his hands in hers looking into his eyes nervously “I may have messed up and I need to make it right.” Her eyes were starting to water over the guilt of what she had done already and even more so over what she was about to do. There was no way the human had any clue what the lysthus was for.
Ben’s heart stopped for a moment seeing the fear and sadness that was overwhelming her, “Hey, don’t do that to yourself. This is not your fault.” He pulled her close and hugged her until she stopped shaking. He knew this had something to do with their relationship and his embrace tightened more over the thought that his life was about to get a lot harder if not end.
Lúta pulled back and looked up at him, “I am in love with you, Ben.” She licked her lips and searched his face for a reaction.
Her words took him by shock at first but after everything that had happened, he found he had feelings for her too. She had saved his life, she was exotic and unusual and completely fascinated by him. Despite the fact that they were not even the same species, he found her utterly beautiful.
 Her eyes spoke so loudly to him as they hung on waiting for him to come to his senses and reply, “I-I love you too Lúta.” By the time he finished his last word she had him locked in a kiss. A desperate, loving and tender kiss. He found himself confused and dazed by the emotion of it and when he pulled away, he had to catch his breath.
Meanwhile ~ ~

Erica and Genie sat at the table waiting for Mâvis to come home. He walked in late in the evening, shaking off the snow as he eyed them both suspiciously. His gaze came to rest hard on his wife as he spoke, “I do not know what you two are up to but I will have no part of it.” 
Erica stood to speak holding her hand up to silence Genevieve, “Your queen asks you a favor.”
He replied, “With all due respect it will not be my queen that orders my execution. Whatever you are up to I will have no part of it. Now I suggest you return to your husband before I return you to him.” 
She turned to Genevieve, “Then we have a bigger problem than I thought. Come, we will handle this ourselves.”
 Both the women headed for the door and Mâvis folded his arms over his chest and leaned back against it. “Genevieve will be staying and I swear if this has anything to do with that human I will see it ends now.”
“Then you would betray your king.” Erica lifted her chin in defiance.
“I betray him by allowing this to continue! You will not play me for a fool!”
“Freyr intends to keep the human as an asset. We will have no asset if Bjorn kills him…and we will certainly have no asset if you kill him!”  Erica paced angrily.
Genevieve confronted him now, “You want the human gone, Mâvis, he could still be an asset if we let him escape, but win his loyalty in protecting his wife.”
“His what?” Mâvis’s voice turned into a sinister growl as he turned and stomped out the door. He stormed up to the palace and walked right into Freyr’s bedchamber. 
 An hour later Mâvis and a few more guard’s accompanied the king to retrieve Ben. Mâvis shoved his way into Bjorn’s cottage looking around for the human. Bjorn and Avery were sitting at the table drinking and both stood up taking arms, “What is the meaning of this?”
Freyr was now in the kitchen as well, “Where is the human?”
The brothers looked at each other baffled, “With Lúta, finishing his work. They just left here.”
The king stormed out with Mâvis and the brothers following, they made their way quickly through the square. Freyr stopped in front of the lysthus after seeing his wife and Genevieve standing outside of it, confirming his fear. He turned to Bjorn before taking another step in that direction, “Tell me, do you serve your king or do you serve yourself?”
The look on Bjorn’s face read as complete insult, “I have served you loyally since I was a cub. What do you mean in asking such a question? What does this have to do with the human?” As if the question just answered itself, Bjorn’s face washed over in horror at the realization of why they were out there. He tore off towards the gazebo like structure enraged, “I will kill him!”
Mâvis stepped forward shoving Bjorn back, “Your king asked you a question!”
Bjorn looked Mâvis square in the eyes feeling completely betrayed and insulted, “You of all people are not at ease with this, You, Mâvis?”
The door to the gazebo opened and Ben attempted to step out. Genevieve and Erica shoved him back in, as the queen said, “You cannot come out here right now.” They turned shielding the door with their bodies and keeping a close eye on the interaction of the men.
  Avery shoved past a couple of the guard’s, “Is she in there?” He questioned the queen and when her expression said it all he turned to the king, “Surely you will not let him get away with this?” His eyes were ablaze with anger.
The king answered, “You will both be compensated for the human and your sister. They are mine now and they will serve this kingdom. Should either of you bring harm to the human you will be executed as a traitor.” Freyr then turned to Mâvis, “Bring them both to the palace.” 
Mâvis nodded and shoved past his wife and the queen to open the door to the lysthus. Upon seeing his sister exit the structure Bjorn stomped over and took a full swing at her knocking her out. Ben immediately flew to her side and rolled her onto her back to check if she was breathing.
 Mâvis turned to Bjorn shoving him back hard to make room then he swung his battle-axe knocking Bjorn clean off his feet with the broad side of it. He could feel  Avery charging up behind him and turned the axe in the other direction; he took a nearly blind swing at the warrior and sent him to the ground next to his brother, hard.  
Lúta stirred and moaned a few seconds before her eyes flew open with the realization of what happened. Was Mâvis going to kill her brother? She had to stop him was her only thought as she attempted to scramble to her feet. Genevieve and Erica held her back as the queen yelled to her. “Lúta, you need to go. Take your husband to the palace!” 
  Mâvis shoved past both the women making sure to stop and scold his wife, “Are you happy? Now everyone has what they want.” With that, he grabbed Ben and shoved him towards the palace. “Go, human!”
A few minutes later Ben was shoved through the doors of the great-hall and tossed to the floor. The room was nearly empty of all the furnishings that filled it for the party. 
Mâvis closed the door behind them and waited silently, leaning against the wall watching the human stumble to his feet. Ben stood quietly for a bit, trying to gain some sort of handle on what was happening.
Several minutes passed before he could steady his breathing enough to come across as patient. He stood in front of the window looking over at the giant guard, waiting in the shadows. Finally he asked, “Do you know where she is? What will happen to her?” Getting no answer, he paced the floor a bit, biting at his nails. 
A couple hours later the king burst into the door, he found a pair of chairs and dragged them over to where Ben was standing, near the moonlight. “Well, human, it appears your actions have gotten you into a bit of trouble. You and I need to have a talk.”
Ben wiped his hand over his face and sat down next to Freyr. “Tell me where she is.”
The king reached over and grabbed Ben by the knee to be sure he had his full attention, and ignoring his demand. “I take it you love her. Am I right? Why else would you take your life in your hands against some of my best warriors to marry the poor girl?”
Ben was trying desperately to absorb what was going on as quickly as he could but something was still escaping him. “I’m sorry, sir, but I don’t know what you’re saying.”
The king stood yelling now as he pointed at the great room door. “Did you NOT just come out of my lysthus with Lúta?” 
Ben’s face went white with the realization that the king was referring to the gazebo Lúta and he had spent the evening in. “This lysthus, it is ceremonial to you? Dear God, had I known…”
The king’s expression changed to curiosity as his voice lowered. He bent his head down to gauge Ben’s response, “Are you saying you had no clue you got married tonight? Are you telling me she fooled you?” The king straightened up quickly and strolled towards the door, “She will be dealt with accordingly…”
“No!” Ben stood very suddenly to try and stop the king and the moment he moved he saw Mâvis meet his reaction; He lowered himself carefully back onto the chair keeping one eye on the guard as he plead to the king. “Please, sir, she has done nothing wrong. It was me, I made a mistake. Don’t hurt her.” Mâvis did not see that coming and found the display interesting. He settled back against the wall wondering if the puny thing thought he could actually protect her here.
The king stopped at the door, “Wow, so you must love her then to be willing to take on a punishment for someone who made a fool of you.” He walked back over to a table and poured a couple shots of liquor before handing one to Ben. “The way I see it at this point you have kind of washed yourself into a corner, have you not? If you go back to Bjorn’s home, you are a dead man. We could free you to fend for yourself as you were found. But that would just be cruel now, would it not?” He eyed Ben to see if he was absorbing what was happening as quickly as he should be. “You see, Abbott, your wife conspired with my wife to leave this village and steal you away. Seeing how your special skills are now so vital to preserving our way of life this could easily be viewed as treason which is punishable by death.”
Ben threw himself against the back of the chair and closed his eyes, trying ever so hard to control his breathing as he listened patiently to the king. He swallowed hard before leaning forward, looking over at Mâvis and then back at Freyr. Mâvis eyed the display in front of him carefully, watching the human clench and unclench his jaw as Freyr continued painting a picture of the potential.
“Enough!” Ben wasn’t even sure it came from his own mouth at first. He gave the king a full on glare, his tension hard in his voice. “You want me, you have me. At least for now, I’ll do anything and everything you wish so long as she is safe, happy and by my side where I can see she is being treated as she should. But one hair on her is harmed and game over. I’ll quit and you can go back to your savage ways however you were before I arrived.”
“If you quit I will kill her.” 
“And you if kill her I’m done! We just established that!”
“Well once you are no longer of use I will kill you too.” Freyr folded his hands together, interweaving his claws between his fingers and waited for a response.
Ben chugged the shot and stared angrily back at the king, “You won’t need to, I’ll do it myself!” He turned, towards the giant white beast leaning on the wall staring straight into Mâvis’s eyes as he hurled the shot glass. The guard didn’t even flinch as it shattered inches from his head, “Just to save him from the pleasure of it!” The action drew a toothy grin from the guard and Ben turned back to the king, “Now it appears we are at a bit of a stalemate. Do you want my help or do you want me dead, the choice is yours.”
The king sat wide-eyed and mortified by the display. He turned, half expecting to see Mâvis haul across the room and tear the man in two. There was not a single warrior in the village, himself included that would test Mâvis like that. Seeing nothing happen he turned back to Ben who now spoke in a chipper more upbeat tone, “So are we finished here? May I see my wife now?”
A few minutes later Ben was shoved into a dark room as the door closed behind him and locked. He felt around franticly looking for any sign of where he was.  He found some tapestries and flung them open to see a bed in the room with Lúta asleep on it. He dashed over to her side and knelt down to give her a quick once over. She stirred for a moment and moaned as he whispered. “Hey, are you okay?”
Her eyes fluttered open at the sound of his voice and she saw his face in the moon light. She sat up and hugged him, as she burst into tears. “You are alright! I am so sorry, Ben. This is all my fault.”
“Shhh, no…no it isn’t your fault and everything is okay. We’re okay.” He kissed her hungrily in-between tearing open his shirt, and kicking off his pants before he climbed into bed to taste more of her. He pulled down the top of her night shift to find her voluptuous breasts just waiting for him. He devoured one as her chest heaved in response to his touch. He marveled at the way her skin tightened as the heat of his mouth found her nipple, her claws dove into his hair caressing and scratching lightly to urge him on. 
He ignored his throbbing cock as he made his way down to her slit drawing her lips into his mouth and sending her immediately arcing her back for him. He wrapped his hands around her thick thighs and went back and forth between sucking her delicate clit and probing along the nerve that trailed it into her opening. 
He prided himself on the fact that as a doctor he knew just what triggers could drive a woman insane and Lúta was no exception to this rule. She squirmed and writhed in his arms torn between fighting the sensations and indulging in them. It wasn’t long before he could feel her walls tighten around his tongue. He pushed past the quivers and fought to keep control of her clit until she was beyond spent.
Ben sat up drawing her trembling legs around his waist as he kissed her mouth and finally found his own way into her box. She was still tight from coming so hard and he found it to be a bit of a struggle at first. But she was so wet and warm he knew he wouldn’t last long and fought to control himself. He wanted her to come again, he wanted her to need him the way he needed her. He watched as her breathing changed rhythm to match his thrusts. 
He picked up the pace to confuse her senses and drew her breast into his mouth again, teasing it until she couldn’t take anymore and he answered her release with his own.
It took everything he had left to pull himself off her because he was mesmerized by what he had. She was beautiful and she was his in a way no human woman had ever given herself to him. She had given up everything to be with him, whether she deceived him or not, it could have cost her life and it is something he would never take for granted. 



Chapter 8

The next morning, the two of them woke to the sound of the door unlocking. Two guards came in and Ben tried to scramble off the bed and to his feet but there was no time. He was in nothing more than his pants as he was shoved out of the door and down the hallway. He turned to address one of them as he continued in the direction he was being shoved. A young warrior named Pierce. “Honestly is there some reason I can’t at least grab a shirt. If I am to meet with the king shouldn’t I at least be dressed?” 
The young blond warrior had darker shades of fur at his forearms and a well-defined patch over his eye that matched. Ben turned on his heel again to stay a step ahead of the beast, and he quickly found himself in an office of some sort. The king was already waiting for him, signing a couple of scrolls. The two warriors pulled the door shut leaving what Ben thought to be just him and the king in the room at first. He pulled out a chair at the table and no sooner had he sat in it than the giant warrior he had already had too many encounters with emerged from the shadows.
Ben’s curiosity for what was happening took over and he could not help but ask, “What is this?” The moment the question rolled off his tongue, Freyr pushed the documents he had just signed in front of Ben.
“It is your title. You will sign it over to me.” Freyr cocked his head waiting patiently for the human to do as he was told.
The longer he was in this world the less sense it seemed to make to him, Ben narrowed his eyes as he reached for the documents. “What do you mean by my title?”
A rumbling laugh emerged from the king, “You served Bjorn willingly, human. I will not be so reckless. A prize like you will have a title and I will hold it. There will be no mistaking who you serve.”
The realization and finality of what this was, sank in and the documents now felt like they weighed a ton in Ben’s hands. He laid them in front of him and picked up the top page to start reading it when Mâvis slammed the document back to the table and snatched Ben’s head back up via an intense grip on is hair. The warning growl that rolled out with the warrior’s words was incredibly sobering. “Tell me, human, do you think there is anything in those documents that is negotiable?”
Ben swallowed hard, not even daring to look the deadly beast in the eyes, “Of course not. I suppose reading them was just out of habit. I fully intend to sign.” Mâvis only twisted the human’s head towards the location on the paper he wanted signed. One long white claw denoted the location, and Ben quickly scribbled his name across it. He could feel the blood rushing into his face as Mâvis released his scalp and pulled back the next document revealing only the signature line, and then the last page was done the same way.
He had no clue what any of it was, only that he had just set in stone his position in this world. Mâvis half-sneered half chuckled as he snatched the document back and tied some twine in the king’s colors around it. The beast was gone before Ben could stop rubbing the pain off his head and he was left alone with the king. He remained seated not sure of what manners were due to the king. Logic told him the king should rise first if he was to be dismissed at all. He did chose, however to address the king, “I am capable of following orders without the pressure from your guards.”
Freyr finally took to his feet, pushing his weight off the table as he did so. The assertion of energy that took could be heard in the snort of his reply. “You have not been deemed trust worthy yet. Loyalty is a commodity in this world, it is hard to earn and harder to keep, so is trust.”
Pierce leaned on the open door with his thumb claws resting in his arms belt, he sucked on his fanged tooth, “The king has no time for your idle chatter, human. You have duties to perform and I am your guard for the day.”
Not quite sure he could trust this guard he sought to get his orders directly, “And what are my duties for today?” His comment was followed by a cautious glance over his shoulder watching for any reaction from the king. Instead he was hauled from his seat and shoved out the door before he could grasp what was happening. 
Still barefoot and shirtless he paused in the hallway to exaggerate his state of undress. “I assume you want me alive at the end of these duties. Perhaps I should be allowed to dress then?” His observation was greeted with a sneer from the beast and he was followed back to his chambers to gather his clothing. 
Lúta was awake and pacing the floor. She dashed for the door the moment it opened, her eyes in a full panic as she scanned his entire frame for injury or damage. He had barely set foot in the room when she enveloped him in a hug, sucking in the smell of him, and fighting the tears that were threatening to fall. “I was so worried.”
He thought for sure he would not be able to pry her off for a few seconds, and he had to assure her that he was going to be okay. There had to be hope of making it through the first day without a struggle if he meant to prove he was worthy of trust. “I’m fine, I was just getting my orders for the day. I need to get dressed, but I also need to know you will be alright if I am going to make it through this day.” He searched her eyes for fear. “You are friends with the queen, am I right?”
“She will be by to see me today, but I cannot leave the room. The guards have already warned me.” There was little hope in her eyes, and he knew she was in fear for his safety, especially not knowing where her brothers were. They felt betrayed by their king, there was no telling what they would do. “I am worried for you.”
Putting on his shirt he paused to show her that he respected her concerns, running a thumb down her cheek to sooth her and take her chin. “Apparently I’m a bit of a commodity, I am sure I will be safe. I promise. I’ll find us a good book for tonight and be back with plenty of time to read it.”
She gave in to her urge to kiss him and let him leave ahead of Pierce. The warrior pausing to let her know he found her choice in males disgusting. “You were promised to a good warrior, and wed an inferior instead.”
“What concern is it of yours, I was not promised to you!” She hissed back.
“He will not survive a challenge, not even from a cub.” Then he sneered and taunted her. “Perhaps I will have a new wife before the sun sets.” She tore off after him and he ducked out the door, locking it behind him and laughing up the hall.
Ben found the temperature outside frigid. The sun just never peaked in this part of the world, during this time of year. The dim light made the frigid air seem that much colder, and the wind was painfully vicious as Ben made his way to the first warrior’s cottage. Again he was to treat the wounded from the battle. This time there was no discussion on payment, not one warrior refused his service, and not one payment was collected on service. 
Although most of the warriors discussed the terms of their settlement with the king in English, and few of the Joutone chose to leave the human out of the discussion, speaking in a the strange tongue he had heard a few times already.
The last house he was brought to was not one of his patients. At least not yet. An elderly warrior lived in this cottage. It was impressive in size, and Ben learned he was a beekeeper. A very lucrative trade in a world that had few treats to speak of. Sugars from honey, syrup and fruits were well received payment for almost anything. 
Ben did notice that food was always a welcomed trade, as well as tools and items for hunting. Arrow tips, took a while to make and there were not many crafters willing to do it all day so they were always well received. This gentleman was surprised to see a human at his door. He grumbled as the king’s guard invited himself in, and took liberties with the warrior’s midday lunch spread. A large roll of bread was snatched up while Pierce sat and directed Ben towards the bee keep. “The king says you are to see if he fixable. The bee keep is the last one in our village. We cannot afford to have our honey come from somewhere else.”
Ben was now curious and he introduced himself. “I’m Doctor Abbott, may I ask what is ailing you?”
The elderly warrior was clearly disturbed by the rude intrusion from the palace guard and the arrogance he displayed in helping himself to lunch. He was too weary to challenge the guard. The human was of interest though, he eyed Ben with a reserved caution. “I have not seen a human in a long time. Not since King Nathan ruled. What brings the likes of you to our village?” The warrior limped to a chair, taking his time to sit. His outfit was made of various animal skins and the tails dangled from his shoulders and waist, making him look larger than he was at his age. 
“I am here at the service of your king. I am a doctor, or healer if that is how you prefer to say it. Have there ever been humans here before?”
The question drew a twinkle from the Bee keep’s eye. “There was, a long time ago. A lot of them crashed this shore many years ago. Their arrival brought a lot of changes here, including the first human king in over a thousand years. Most of them are dead now. There are none left in this village. How did you make our shores?”
Ben was intrigued by the bee keep, he was friendly and willing to talk, most likely because of there being a willing ear to listen. Pierce was growing impatient with the discussions, and stood to bring the healer back to the palace. Ben held up a hand, “I am here to do a job, aren’t I?”
Pierce snatched up his arm, “And thus far all you do is cackle like a couple of hens.”
“The conversation is useful, it helps me assess his lucidity.” Ben leaned away from the annoyed beast in an attempt to free himself, but Pierce yanked him back and let off a warning growl.
“There is nothing you need to discuss other than what ails him.”
The elder roared back as he erupted form the table, “I am not ill, you fool! Just tired.”
Rather than feed into the conflict Ben sought to end it. “How tired are you lately? Is it more than usual? Are your friends missing you more? Do you find yourself sleeping at odd hours?”
Seeing the bee keep settle into his chair Pierce released Ben and let him finish his assessment, poking and prodding, looking into the warriors eyes, ears and throat. The warrior was incredibly patient for the rest of the visit, and a lot of it had to do with Ben’s interest in his career as warrior. Serving Freyr’s father and then discussions of the warrior’s family. He learned that the beast’s name was Faylon, and that he was self-described as an honorable warrior. Although Ben had yet to determine what honorable meant to these people.
Ben determined that the elder was suffering a mild case of diabetes and recommended a strict diet and exercises. Something he was not too sure the warrior would understand at his age. 
By the time they left he wasn’t even permitted to bid goodbye, he was simply shoved out the door. A case of honey was payment and Ben was sure they had just ripped off the old man. When they finally made it back to the palace, the case was left in the courtyard and a few jars selected for the queen, Ben knew the warrior had taken a healthy cut for himself. He wondered how much honor ran through the king’s own guards-men. 
The next day seemed to run much like the day before, at least until after noon. Pierce had a brief meeting with a couple of warriors outside of the square, and one of them Ben recognized as a merchant. One who was not fond of him. The warrior stomped over to Ben taking him by the arm, “You know of human goods?”
As Ben was being hauled through the street he dragged his feet to try and get some control and bearing on what was happening. Finally the beast stopped and scolded him, “If you know what is good for you, then you will do as you are told.” That ended with a shove towards the woods. He feared what was happening but with three warriors now surrounding him, he had little choice. He picked up his pace and kept ahead in the direction they were going. 
The journey lasted a while, with an abrupt end at a clearing. There were several warriors surrounding two Joutone carcasses lying face down on the ground and a single human man on his knees with his hands bound to root in front of him. 
He was badly beaten and although he appeared to know he was about to die, seeing Ben sent him into a full on struggle in his bindings. “No! It’s not what you think it is! I swear it! I can prove it, let me go!”
Suddenly Ben had the urge to go no further. Up until now he had thought he was being brought out here for his own execution, but seeing the man on his knees at the mercy of these beasts gave him a far more unsettling feeling. The three warriors that were there, were not men he had recognized but almost as soon as he arrived Mâvis emerged from the woods with a satchel. Something he had retrieved from someone else. 
He stood in front of the bound human and ran his claws through the knapsack, not even bothering with the complicated clasps and ties. “You have one chance to make your death swift. You will tell me what it is and what it does.”
The bag was emptied in the snow, the pile was topped by the bag itself and the last item from it was thrown on top. A radio. A small hand held army receiver with a yellow crank on the side. It had to be ancient compared to the stuff Ben knew to exist now.  
The man avoided eye contact with the albino beast, despite how close in proximity Mâvis now was. Instead he held a haunted vague gaze in Ben’s direction. His answer was so rehearsed, “It’s a toy. It’s for a cub.” His answer was met with a backhand from Mâvis. He could not even fall backwards despite the pain, thanks to his ties.
“You take me to be a fool? You think Nathan did not tell us of these? You betrayed your king, and then you betrayed your people. The very people that saved your life!” Mâvis  turned on his heels storming over to Ben, snatching him by the back of the neck. He shoved him to his knees in front of the bloody man. The two dead warriors were not clean kills. These men were tortured. Their faces mutilated. Although they lay face down, their flesh was not properly adhered to their skulls. These creatures had died horrible deaths. 
He looked up at the enormous warrior, waiting for some sort of instruction. Mâvis  grew impatient quickly and snatched a fist full of his hair, he crouched to be sure he could see into Ben’s eyes. Through gritted teeth Mâvis asked, “What is it, human?”
How did they know what this equipment did? They knew of it, they knew it was for summoning humans. They knew far more than they should about human culture, or at least far more than humans seemed to know about theirs. Ben swallowed hard and took note of how quickly Mâvis had registered his reaction. The beast enjoyed seeing the fear in Ben’s eyes, “It’s a radio. It’s used exactly how you think it is.” 
Just as Mâvis expected, the pathetic creature would be too scared to lie. The grin that peeled across Mâvis’s face sent chills down Ben’s spine, and the warrior released his hair and stood, now watching the color leave the face of the human he had captured. The man’s voice nearly lost all pitch as he squeaked to Ben, “You’re an idiot. You have no idea where you are, do you? They will never let you live! They will never set you free! Their own king was human and he died the same way you will!” His pitch changing into a scream as Ben was being dragged off.
Ben fought to release himself, “No, don’t kill him please! There are other ways to make him pay for his crimes. Please! No…”  The two warriors that were dragging him stopped and dropped Ben to his knees. He watched helplessly as the man screamed from Mâvis’s claws running through his scalp. The albino beast only paused long enough to be sure Ben was getting a vivid show. Seeing how much the inferior enjoyed his work he continued as Pierce and the village merchant snatched Ben back off his knees and dragged him back into the darkness of the forest. The screams of that man dyeing ringing in his ears long after he was returned to the palace, and long after he lay his head in his bed. 

Chapter 9

A few days passed and Ben started to worry that his wife was too confined in their quarters. The promise was kept thus far, she was safe and by his side, but with only the queen able to visit her he felt guilty leaving the chalet each day to do the bidding for the king. 
The price for his work seemed to be generous, and Ben had made no attempts to dishonor the king or escape. When he was returned to the small palace he decided it was time to show he would be far more than a passive captive. 
Since he seemed to have little movement outside his chambers without escort; his request had to go through his lone guard. He stopped in his tracks the moment they entered the palace, and removed the mittens his wife had made him. “I wish to see the king, do you know where he would be this time of day?”
The warrior was eager to end his shift and return home. He simply snatched Ben by the back of the neck and shoved him towards the hall to his quarters, only to find Ben jog up the hall and spin back once he had some distance. “I need some supplies. I cannot just heal people without proper equipment. I can do a much better job with the tools of my trade.”
There would be no answer, Pierce closed the distance once they were in front of his chamber door and slammed Ben up against the wall until he could unlock the door. He bowled Ben in, and locked it. His wife was in there as usual, she had a couple bowls of stew left over from the kitchen and some ale she had warmed over the fire. 
She stood when he came in and quietly waited for him to great her. Ever since the night in the gazebo she seemed so different, like she feared he would just up and vanish on her. He couldn’t bare the four walls of the room any longer, and instead of just putting up he turned and started banging on the door, yelling to anyone who would be passing. 
Lúta sat back on the bed, worried she was the cause of his frustration and wondered if she had made a huge mistake in doing what she did. Ben still had every right to sell her even if he was a slave. With his powers he would have no trouble replacing her. It seemed like no one was coming to the door, Ben had given up and meant to join his wife on the bed when it cracked open. Erica poked her head in, she quietly scooted through the rest of the door when she saw things were calm in there. “Pierce says you wish to speak with my husband.”
“Yes, the conditions we are in are ludicrous. First off, my wife has been confined to this room for four days now. The guard he sends me out with is stealing either from him, or the people I treat or both, and I have no medical supplies. If you want a healer then I need supplies. I also need better clothing for the conditions here.”  
Erica certainly found his requests reasonable. “Wait here.” She ducked back out the door and never closed it. She trusted him far more than anyone else in the palace. Of course, he had saved her only child. If there was one way to win a woman’s trust it was that. The door opened a second time, and this time Erica ushered them both down the hall, quietly. The three of them entered the study where Freyr was lost in a tattered old book, sitting in front of a fire with a bearskin over his lap.
His book snapped closed, and the only way Ben could tell the king’s eyes were on him was because the light of the fire reflected off them enough. He was so dark that he appeared, little more than a silhouette in his chair. “Well, I suppose if I am to be disturbed, then you should probably just have a seat and join me for a drink.”
Ben had learned quickly that one was not to appear too uneasy when dealing with these creatures. Cowardice was seen as a weakness and like any predator, the Joutone seemed to feed on weakness. Seeing his wife in her humbled state made him feel uncomfortable. Lúta was far from shy and his new master had already proved to be tolerant at best. He took the seat across from the king, as Erica offered it up to him.
She produced a tumbler full of liquor and took Lúta with her to the game table in the corner, offering her some of the liquor as well. Erica tried to calm her friend’s nerves by taking her hand, and Ben decided the drink was not going to relax him right now. He sought about getting straight to business with his king and master. “If you think my powers are simply magical I have to inform you that you’re mistaken. I am only an educated man. I need tools and supplies to do my job. I need better attire. I know the Joutone are perfectly at home in these conditions, but I will die in them…and the most important issue to me is my wife. She cannot be confined to her room all day it is cruel. I don’t care how many or how few rights I have. I would waste all efforts so see her comfortable, as I am sure you would for your wife.”
Freyr was impatient over the request. He enjoyed the control he had with Lúta at his mercy in the palace, and there was one other issue the human had yet to address and he wondered if the puny creature had ever even thought of it. “You will be challenged.”
It was a term he had heard a few times, and his suspicion on its meaning was dead on. Still more information was needed at this point. “I beg your pardon?”
As Freyr suspected, the human had no clue what he had just gotten himself into. Humans were pretty much oblivious to the Joutone culture, and few seemed to take as much interest as Ben has on arrival in their world. Most were desperate to find a way back to their own world and at best would try to befriend any warrior willing to sell them stories of the possibility of returning home. “You wed a rather valuable woman. Lúta was betrothed to a fine warrior, but lots of warriors have had designs on her since she hit maturity three years ago. Now her betrothed is not much of a threat. He is from another village and not due back here for at least a year. However, she is now wed. More importantly she is wed to someone who has no ability whatsoever to protect or defend her.  Do you really think it is wise to flaunt her around my kingdom? Or do you prefer she remain under my protection?”
“Your only solution to this problem is to keep her confined the rest of her life? I find that unacceptable. More importantly I need her, not just as my wife. Where I am from I normally have nurses to assist in my work. A doctor cannot work alone. My duties are difficult, and require a generous amount of preparation and concentration. Since I arrived here, Lúta has been learning from me. Her education makes her the only one qualified to fill the role of nurse. By having a nurse I have more time to treat more of your warriors and obviously that means more profit for you.” Ben noticed a new spark in the king’s eyes, something not brought on by the reflection of the fire. Profit was one thing he could use to leverage his position, and he now had a way to win the king’s trust. “Of course the other part of this is that your guards take liberties with their position. I am not educated enough yet to know what is a fair price for my work. Your guards know it well I am sure. I find it interesting that a majority of the payment collected ends up anyplace except your possession.”
This issue was clearly something of interested one would expect that the queen would have relayed this information before anything else. “Pierce has always been an honorable warrior. I find it hard to believe he would steal from me. Your accusation carries a heavy penalty for a young man I trained myself when he was cub. If what you say is true the penalty is death.”
The last thing Ben wanted was to see the arrogant asshole put to death, and who was to say the next guard would be any better. “As I said I do not know the value of my services as of yet. Currency from my world is far more cut and dry. More comparable to vouchers I see used if I were to describe it properly. I would like to think that a woman not only knows the value of my services, but would be hesitant to see anyone unjustly relieved of their hard earned goods. Having my wife along would be not only a deterrent for any crimes, but it would be a good balance to my work. You will see more done in shorter time, and receive better wage for my services.”
Freyr toiled over the discussion. The human was smart, a bit manipulative but it was working in the king’s favor, why not indulge him a bit. “And what of this issue with your attire?”
Ben finally decided to reward himself with that drink. He sat back in his chair and toasted the king, cocking a brow to accent his warm smile. “Well we are property of the palace are we not? Your colors are quite lovely, and stand out to the eye. I do believe if I were to sport them, that it would send the message that I am somewhat of an asset to you. Plus I do believe my wife would look lovely in blue.”
Lúta gasped, only titled women wore color. Only titled men could afford it. With him being a slave, they were far from titled, and he essentially just catapulted her into the conversation of every common housewife in the kingdom. She watched as the king snickered over Ben’s clever use of his colors and returned the slave’s toast. 
Erica sat back and gloated, as her friend perked up. “Looks like we are going shopping tomorrow.”


Chapter 10

Mâvis’s shift came to an end, he thought it was early enough in the morning to get some training in before the village woke. Not more than an hour into his training, he noticed from the corner of his eye, the glow of an approaching lantern. Using his axe, he took aim at whoever it was, and on seeing the king round the corner of the building he relaxed his stance. Quietly he waited for whatever orders would drag the lazy ruler from his bed at such an early hour. The guard had half hoped that Freyr was finally willing to take action against Ormr. 
With his son still healing from a fresh wound surely the old warrior would now have some motivation to retaliate, since defending the village was clearly not motivation enough. Instead the king was restless over another issue. “There you are. Are you not on shift? It took forever to find you.” The king’s condescending tone was already cutting into Mâvis’s patience. 
“My shift is over.”
Freyr hung the lantern on a post by the gate of the courtyard so he could address the warrior. “I cannot seem to sleep. It appears I have some treachery in my guard. One of the warrior’s is stealing from me.” Mâvis had a knack for pulling information out of people. Even the most skilled warriors feared him, and when fear was not the motivating factor, he had another talent that was useful. The ability to read their minds, or so it appeared. 
It was not their minds that gave the secrets away, it was his victims body language. Their fear, coupled with their desperation often led to involuntary flinches, eyes rolls and panicked reactions they had no control over. “Who is it?”
“Pierce.” Freyr’s answer was not well received. Mâvis liked this warrior. He was young, and fierce. A good fighter with an eye for detail and he was far more loyal to the king than anyone else at his service. If Pierce betrayed the king, it was not something significant. Possibly some petty thievery at best. 
“What is your source for this information?” Perhaps the investigation should start there.
Fearing that the servant would not survive an interrogation by the general, Freyr felt it better to keep that information quiet. “I have my own suspicions, is my word not good enough?” He cleared his throat and turned to leave. “I expect an answer before next shift.” Mâvis only answered in a low growl and resumed his training.
The next day he found Pierce by the village gates. Not his usual post. Normally his job was to tend to the prince, and since the prince was laid up on injury his position was escorting the island’s latest nuisance; the king’s new slave.  Mâvis leaned quietly on the tall wooden wall, watching the dark mist roll through the ancient trees. He was not one for small talk. If Mâvis was there it was for something serious and he was not one to test. “What is this?” Pierce asked.
Mâvis’s eyes shot right to the Pierce whose spear was being used for nothing more than to prop up his own hand right now. Pierce was good with a spear and Mâvis kept a watch on his stance as he said, “I find it odd that you are on watch at the gates. We have plenty of warriors better suited for this.”
Pierce thought to deflect the conversation, “I find it odd that Freyr seems to trust no one as of late.”   
The warrior was all too aware of what was going on. There was no doubt in Mâvis’s mind that he had something to hide. Despite his casual appearance, Pierce was anything but relaxed. With the guard’s focus on the general, Mâvis set his watch on the woods again, keeping a steady eye out for intruders or predators. “His son was ambushed on a hunt. Of course he would be far more aware of who tends his family. I would be. No one knew we were on that hunt.”
“This is something you already took care of. Is it not? Why do you waste my time with this sort of an inquiry?” His reply was a tad too brazen and the moment Mâvis’s blue eyes whipped back into view Pierce dialed back his temper he may be brave but he was far from stupid.
Mâvis had no intention in this interrogation ending in bloodshed, but this warrior was about to receive a lesson in manners. “Pierce you are good warrior. I do not understand what brings someone of your privilege to steal from your employer, but it will be the last time I address it.” His warning rumble was well received. 
“I did no such thing. I took from the slave. He has no clue what he is doing here. If he reported to Freyr that I stole something then he will be dealt with.” There it was, the admission of a crime. If it was that at all. Stealing from slaves was common. No one had respect for them. The only reason the healer was even able to collect the wage was because he had a palace guard to assist him. Pierce knew Mâvis had no quarrel with this news. 
Still it had to be answered. “You will not do it again. His wage is the king’s to collect, and it is not your place to discipline him. That is for his master alone.”
“Very well, Mâvis.” Seeing Pierce return his gaze to the darkness of the forest Mâvis knew he had what he wanted and turned to leave. Knowing Mâvis was a little hard of hearing he did mutter something under his breath. Mâvis was in fact hard of hearing, but Pierce had no clue it was only on his left side. The wind carried the words to the general’s good ear with ease, “No need to discipline him if I challenge for his wife.”
Mâvis whipped around and closed the distance with little more than a spin, nailing Pierce in the chest with the butt of his axe and slamming him against the fort wall. The wind was knocked out of him and before he could gain his wits his spear was gone from his grip and his throat was pinned between an elbow and the handle of the axe. Despite Pierce being so tall Mâvis had him clean off the ground and clinging to the axe handle for fear of his own neck snapping from his weight. “I warn you once. That human lives and dies by my hand only, anyone who challenges him had better be prepared to take on me.” 
Pierce struggled to answer but found he had no way to reply. The sound of him choking on his own words brought Mâvis that welcoming feeling of yet another life at his mercy. If only he did not like Pierce so much it would be preferable to let him hit the ground as a corps. This was a fine warrior though. He feared nothing and even now with his own demise seemingly inevitable, Mâvis found no fear in his eyes. 
He let the guard drop to the ground and with his feet of no use from the lack of air he went straight to his knees, spitting a little blood from the blow to his chest. He sat back on his haunches watching Mâvis take leave as he growled out, “Why do you care? You hate humans!”
Mâvis’s pale form nearly faded into the grey of night. He stopped only to toss back. “I am loyal to my king. My loyalty buys the slave an existence free from challengers. Perhaps when the slave serves under your roof you can decide his fate.” His warning was enough. Pierce would leave the human alone, for now. 


Chapter 11

Ben and Lúta took their meals in their room for the most part, so it was a bit of a surprise when they were summoned to meet in the great room for breakfast one day. Olsen was already sitting at the table when the two of them arrived.
Ben smiled upon seeing him, “My goodness this really is a treat. It appears my patient is looking well.” The tall beast was thin in comparison to his parents and counterparts. “Tell me, how did you find yourself shot alongside your warrior friends?”
The kid smiled and reached for his tea, “We were on a late night hunt and got ambushed. I did well until I was shot. I killed the first warrior myself.”
Olsen was incredibly friendly, and a tad naive. Ben had not been afforded time to discuss where he was in the God forsaken world up until now. This presented a unique opportunity to learn more about his location. “So who wants to take on a hunting party of warriors like yourself? Sure it was someone incredibly brave or incredibly stupid.”
The young man was happy to answer his questions, “Those men are from Ormr’s village, they reach us by boat. We have been at war with them for a couple of years.”
King Freyr entered the room half way through the discussion. He walked over to the buffet and poured himself a mug of tea before taking his seat at the head of the table. “Most of the islands here are at war, there are four islands all together but our kingdoms are mostly based on three. There are a few smaller villages as well as loaners and hermits spread out in between our kingdoms. But these islands are very dangerous without warriors to worry about. The wolves and bears that inhabit these woods are the largest in the world and where we are in winter the majority of the year their hunger is often unquenchable.”
Something he said caught Ben’s attention right away, “You’ve been off these islands?”
The king scoffed, “Of course I have. A lot of men take a reshoobie, a journey as youths to mountains and villages across the world in search of others like us. Your wife’s betrothed is on such a journey now.” He tore into some bread from his plate. “Conditions you humans find unfavorable are perfect for our people.”
Having been over most of the world himself Ben found it interesting that there were still places humans found unfavorable enough to avoid. He started to ponder if these people have written themselves into history books as folklore; possibly even as Bigfoot or Abominable Snowmen. He told himself if he ever made it out of here, it would be his mission to find out what documentation is out there showing encounters with them.
Olsen finished his food and excused himself, he turned to Ben on his way out, “My breathing has been getting stronger. Your advice did well for me.” He finished by thumping on his chest to display the strength he was gaining.
As soon as the young man left, Mâvis entered the room and moseyed over to the buffet pulling a plate for himself and loading it up with some meat, eggs and bread. He shoved one apple in the side of his teeth and snatched a second off the table before sitting beside the king. Ben put his fork down and stood up to leave.
“Stay, human.” A growl rolled off the guard’s tongue along with the order and it brought Ben back to his seat immediately. “We have business to discuss.” Mâvis never bothered looking at him as he spoke. 
Ben couldn’t help but notice that the apple that was clenched in his teeth a moment ago was bit completely in half and the second half followed the first in a single bite as well. The beast sat there chewing briefly before he realized Ben was still staring at him, dumbstruck. Mâvis narrowed his eyes in reaction and Ben nervously returned his attention back to his own plate.
Erica excused herself now and ushered Lúta to join her. Ben’s wife appeared nervous about leaving her husband alone in the room with Mâvis and the king, but she put her napkin on her plate and obediently followed the queen. As they left another guard entered and pulled up a plate. He slapped Mâvis on the back and sat across from Ben. Within a few minutes there were seven more men at the table, and the door closed.
The king leaned forward addressing the men in what appeared to be a conversation that had started before breakfast had even begun. “The merchants will be ready for the trade run in the morning. With Ormr looking for trouble we will need guards on this run.”
Mâvis reached for a mug of tea, “This is foolish right now.”
Freyr replied, “But we have a commitment and need to keep our ties strong if we mean to prove ourselves trustworthy.” He turned his focus to Ben now. “There is more. I offered your services to King William. I do not know the situation as of yet but it appears his wife may have taken ill. Our villages are in the middle of trying to mend some old wounds and if there is anything you can do it will be appreciated and your efforts will be rewarded.”
Mâvis cut back into the conversation, “I only need three guards, I will not leave the village unprotected to make friends, Freyr.” He chewed slowly as he waited for a reply. 
“Well Ormr’s tactics for now are to try and pick us off as we venture out. A merchant caravan will be easy picking with much reward.”
“Which is why this is foolish right now. We can send a raid in and keep him busy cleaning up carcasses. Then do as we wish, but going about business as usual until then is foolish.”
Freyr shook his head, “We are not strong enough for a raid just yet, I want to petition William for assistance and put this to an end as quickly as possible.”
“If you want me on the merchant caravan you will give me no more than three. I will not leave my wife in a village unprotected. Too many of your guards are still healing from the attack.” He sat waiting for his reply but it was clear he was agitated and ready to leave the discussion. 
“Very well, Mâvis, you know your limits better than I.” The king turned to Ben. “You must be ready for your journey in the morning, your wife will stay here for her…protection.”
The thought of leaving Lúta to fend for herself was unsettling at best. Then for himself to be at the mercy of the giant white bastard across the table was unthinkable. “With all due respect, sir, I would rather make the trip with the island’s wolves escorting me.” He swallowed hard seeing all the eyes now on him.
“Do you seriously refuse me?” Freyr put his fork down and glared at Ben.
“No, I just think my chances of survival would increase dramatically with those odds, that is all.”
The king scoffed, “Nonsense, Mâvis is the most powerful warrior I have and loyal to no end. There is not a warrior alive that could take him on.”
“And he has tried to kill me three times already.”
“I can finish if you like.” Mâvis sat back in his chair sucking on one of his fangs as he watched Ben drop his gaze again.
Freyr snapped at the guard, “Is that really helping?” Then he turned back to Ben, “Now I do not know what you did to anger him, but if Mâvis wanted you dead there is no one alive that could save you, myself included. That being said here you are eating breakfast with him. You will accompany him and try not to test his patience with your reluctance.” Freyr shoved his plate off in frustration and left. 
Mâvis stood to leave as well, shooting Ben a sideways glance and a smug grin, “Pack lightly, human. You will not last the first day.”



Chapter 12

The next morning Lúta woke her husband early, then sat on the bed watching him get dressed.  “I packed you some food.” She said, as he went through his medical supplies assessing what he had and thinking on what he needed. Lúta couldn’t help but worry about the danger he was facing on a trip like this. King William’s village was far and Ben had so much to learn still about the culture here. No matter how much he tried it was clear he was out of place. “Listen, the guards are fools, they may bait you to get a reaction. Do not take it no matter what, please.”
“You have nothing to worry about there, my dear. I know what’s going on and will stay on my toes, I promise.”
She arose from the bed and walked over to him causally. She ran both her hands up and down the fur lining of his new jacket, and looked nervously into his eyes, “There is something else, that village is notorious for lonely women. William’s village is a refuge for women escaping abusive mates or fathers. They get lonely and you may find their curiosity for humans interesting.”
Ben reached up and brushed her face with his hand, the morning fire gave her delicate features a golden hue. Her big brown eyes teetered between skepticism and eagerness. He had no trouble easing her fears there. “Despite the fact that I was never asked to marry, I honestly have no regrets in whom I am married to. Women can be curious as much as they like, but they will quickly discover how boring I am when my only interest is in my wife. I suspect they will want someone who is in the least bit capable of performing for them.” Her relief was evident in the smile she rewarded him with. She reached for the hand he still had on her cheek. He shook it off and took her by the back of the neck to pull her in for a tender kiss. “I love you, Lúta.”
He took the sack of goods she had packed for him and his new medical bag and headed out to meet up with the caravan. The caravan was something he had seen coming and going every other day or so up until the ambush. Then it seemed as all though commerce outside the kingdom had halted.  Ben found it interesting that despite the conflict with each other the Joutone people found it necessary to trade and barter with their neighbors. 
In a desolate and unforgiving landscape this may be far more for survival than for profit. Although just like humans, the Joutone seemed to enjoy the elevated status that profit brought. 
The caravan consisted of a couple of dozen merchants. Some were warriors simply paid to transport goods, while others had their own wares to pedal. There were a few goats and sheep, some sort of ancient breeds Ben had not seen any place else in the world. The adult animals were tethered to their masters while two young lambs were bound to the travois style carts that were commonplace in their world. The carts were all piled high with goods. Furs from hunts. Pots and pans. Various scraps of litter that had washed ashore made up another cart. One peddler had a few sacks of grain that he needed to trade before it rotted and bags of dried fruits, some of which he was dispersing to the guards and a few young lads that were tagging along for the journey in hopes of bringing back something fun or unique for their mothers. 
Ben passed the merchant with the dried fruits and no sooner had he passed, an adolescent boy trailed after him. “Hey, healer!” The cub had tan fur with a splash of black on his nose. It radiated out looking like someone had hit him in the face with a black paint ball. Ben found the color pattern rather cute. The boy had a hand outstretched. “You are from the palace, are you not?”
“I am.” Ben pulled off his glove to see what he was being offered. The boy hesitated because he was not fully prepared for the naked hand that appeared. His face lit up and his fangs revealed themselves in a smile as the boy dropped a fist full of the fruits in Ben’s hand.
“You need your strength for the journey. If no other merchants will feed you come to my father. His name is Sorren and I am Vaughn. We like humans. We liked King Nathan. He was a good king.” The boy darted back to his father to begin the journey and Ben was left wondering who this Nathan might have been.
Unlike humans, the warriors used no pack animals to haul goods. The animals in the caravan were for sale only. The Joutone were mighty creatures, built for this terrain. They pulled the straps of their travois across their chests and pulled their own wares through the snow with ease. The only warriors that seemed to need any help on the journey were two elders and they worked together pulling a single cart and keeping pace just as well as their younger counterparts. 
The first day of the trip was rather uneventful. Ben stayed close to the merchant that had offered him the food. He and his boy were both friendly and talkative. Ben learned a lot about this King Nathan everyone seemed to talk about. The human had a lengthy rule over a nearby island. From the merchant’s description, he was a big man. Well respected and trained in combat leading Ben to believe he had some sort of military background. All these villages seemed to prosper and flourish while he ruled that island. 
From what he understood that island had no hunting grounds. The villagers there relied on the sea and neighboring islands to provide their meat. The island was wealthy because it provided the precious metals the Joutone used for everything from weapons to cookware. 
Trading was what seemed to forge the bond between the kings from all of the villages. With the human king dead there was no more trust. While the Joutone seemed to be growing as a dawning culture, it was clear they recognized the animal instincts nature had bestowed on them. The competitive male gene that humans had spent tens of thousands of years wrestling into submission was still the dominant force in these creatures. The efforts they took in trying to civilize themselves were just that…efforts. The Joutone’s true nature threatened to bring down their fragile society on a daily basis and trust came at a steep price. 
As the journey took its toll the warriors made camp. Campfires sprung up quickly, to provide heat and warm their food
Ben set up his bedroll close to one of the fires and relaxed with a bowl of the wolf-meat stew from the merchant. He was enjoying the dinner and light conversation when two of the four guards on the trip plod into camp. Pierce accepted a bowl offered to him by the merchant and leaned on a tree to paw through it and look for the meat. He could not help but notice Ben eating the stew. “What happened, human? Your wife forget to pack for you? This would not happen if she were wed to a Joutone.”
Ben stared into his bowl, not bothering to eat while he was being taunted. He simply toyed with his food and hoped this would not escalate further. Sorren answered instead, “The merchants provide for the palace on these trips. They always have.”
Pierce snapped back, “The slave is not your concern old man. He is under our watch.” Pierce took a quick spoonful of the stew and continued to taunt Ben. “You know, your wife was betrothed to a warrior from the village we are going to. I am sure he will make quick work of a nuisance like you.”
It was difficult to keep the snark out of his reply. “Thank you for the warning. I will be sure to steer clear of him.”
The human was agitated and it excited Pierce. Drawing a response from him could prove very rewarding after all that had happened with his demotion. “Bjorn fled to King William’s village. Do you plan on steering clear of him as well?
“I would give anything to steer clear of you at the moment. Is there something you need from me or may I rest?” Ben’s eyes were now locked with Pierce’s. The predatory expression on the warrior’s face was incredibly unsettling. Ben gripped tightly the only weapon he had at his disposal. The spoon in his hand. Given no choice he would aim for an eye, but he knew very well he would never even get off a single blow. These men moved like animals. There would be no escaping this warrior.
Mâvis finally made it into camp from the woods, carrying a huge battle-axe and wearing a longbow across his back. He noticed the guard crouching in front of the human, the two locked in a heated standoff. “Pearce, you will be first watch.” He ordered, then he walked over to the vendor that had prepared the stew taking a bowl keeping a watchful eye on both of them. Mâvis could not help but notice Ben’s shocked expression as he watched Pierce takeoff up a nearby tree. 
The sound of the warrior’s claws in the bark and the swiftness of his assent was not something the human had expected. Mâvis wondered exactly what the human’s plan was if he wasn’t there to intervene. The pitiful creature would most likely be dead already had he allowed that stand off to continue. 
Ben quickly finished his food and handed the bowl back to the merchant’s son. He scrambled into his bedroll and pulled out a book to read. He meant to open it and start reading when he realized that now Mâvis was the one staring at him. He simply fluffed up his back pack and then crammed it under his head to go to sleep. He pulled his blanket over his head and ignored the albino beast.
Mâvis chuckled silently, perhaps he had not given this human enough credit. He was actually rather brave. Brave enough to die for a Joutone woman he didn’t even know he was married to. The puny thing also had honor. He put his life on the line to ensure Lúta was safe, and even managed to negotiate some fine attire for a girl who was little more than a peasant being wed to him. Then there was the glass Ben had thrown at his head. That was rather funny. No other human would have even dared something that brazen. Seeing how he had nearly killed the poor thing a few times already, perhaps the healer could get away with it…once.
Ben noted it was nearly half an hour before the creature lost interest and stormed off without so much as a word. The next day the guards were scarce much like the day before. The trip was much harder today as a storm rolled in and snow made it both difficult to walk and difficult to see.
With the Joutone able to keep a far better pace in these condition Ben found the journey grueling before midday he found Sorren pulled over with his son. His expression almost amusing. “Get on my cart. You are too slow for the caravan.”
Ben chuckled, surely the beast could not be serious. If he were to be pulled a long with the cargo he would surely lose any respect he had from these creatures. “I don’t wish to be a burden. I will keep better pace.” He meant to push on ahead when Sorren darted in front of his path.
Any trace of humor gone from his face as he leaned in to hush his voice best he could in between the moans of the winds. “You will not make it to King William’s. There is talk between the merchants of ending your journey just to pick up the pace. You get on the cart or I strap you to it just to save your human hide.”
Not another word was said as Ben watch Sorren flip two gigantic grain sacks on their side to make a spot for him to sit. He took his spot and clutched his medical bag to his chest to keep balance. His humiliation furthered by the fact that there was a baby sheep strapped next to him. Every few second it let out a bey for its mother.
This time it was late into the evening when the group finally came to rest and set up camp. Within minutes, a fire was blazing and the merchants were putting together a meal for the entire crew. The guards all came stomping in at the same time this evening and one of them was carrying a dead wolf. He tossed it at Ben’s feet, laughing. “That is Mâvis’s kill. He wants you to clean it.”
The merchants all immediately dropped what they were doing and gathered around the carcass to admire the kill. One of them poked at Ben. “It is as big as you are, human.” Ben didn’t even reply he just stood dumbfounded looking over the dead canine. He knew the wolves were large here, but had no idea what they actually looked like. This mongrel surely outweighed him and may even be comparable to the massive men that roamed the island. 
Mâvis casually strolled over, threw a knife at Ben’s feet, and growled, “You still want them to escort you?” Ben only answered with a glare, prompting an impatient rumble out of Mâvis’s throat. “Gut it, human, or I will gut you…and be careful with it, my wife will like this one.”
Ben snatched up the knife and a rope from his satchel and got to work. A little while later, he had the creature gutted, drained and hanging from a tree. Then he cleaned off the large hunting knife and slipped it into his own satchel before turning in for the night. Should no one notice at least he would have a weapon if he needed it. 
Come morning the wolf carcass was strapped to the travois Ben was forced to ride and Mâvis was gone. Even the lamb was spared the indignity of riding with the kill. The final leg of the journey brought them to the new village by midday. They were greeted by a small welcoming party and brought into the palace great hall for dinner and entertainment. 
The introduction to King William was brief due to the urgency of the situation. Ben noticed that this king was a lot younger and in far better shape than Freyr. His fur was black and he kept the hair on his head cut to the same length of his fur giving him a truly bear like appearance.  Ben was brought directly into the king’s chambers to see his wife. “This is Olivia, she is carrying our cub and has been ill for some time now.”
Ben sat down next to the woman in bed, her red hair and fur were darkened from the heavy amount of sweat she was seeping.  He addressed her to assess how lucid she was, “Hello, Madam, I am Doctor Benjamin Abbott. Can you tell me what it is you’re feeling?”
“You are human. Wow, I did not expect to see a human. It has been years since I have seen one alive.” Her breathing was labored and every few words she had to swallow and muscle up the strength to continue. She tried to sit up as her husband rounded the bed to help her. “I fell ill two weeks ago, I have been in bed with fever.” Her eyes watered and her chin trembled as she said, “My cub has not moved in days.”
Ben’s heart sank with this information. “Do you mind if I take a listen, my dear?” her bemused expression prompted him to reword his request, “I’m sorry, I want to check if I can detect a heartbeat.” He pulled the blanket down and took a glass from his satchel, turning it upside down, he placed the open end to her belly and listened for vibration.
A few moments later, he gave up on the glass and laid his ear directly on her belly. He sat up and hung his head not sure how to break the news, “I don’t hear a heartbeat.”
Her face instantly washed into horror as she started to sob. King William stood up and started pacing the floor. “Well surely you must have heard her heart beating, I mean she is alive, how would you know which one is hers and which one is the cub?”
“Infant hearts beat faster when in the womb. I wish I could say the baby is alive but I am sure it’s not. Now the concern is that your wife won’t make it long unless I operate immediately.”
“Operate?” King William looked baffled.
I need to remove the baby or the cub, in order for your wife to live.” 
The king swallowed hard and searched Ben’s face for the meaning of what was to happen now, “You are going to cut her open?”
“It is the only way, sir.” Ben looked back at her sweat-covered face and labored breathing, knowing time was of the essence here and fearing he would never get this king to consent to something so invasive.
“No, I cannot let you torture my wife. How would that not kill her?
Ben wiped sweat from his own face, feeling the tension now. “Honestly I can’t guarantee that she will make it either way judging by her condition, but I’m certain she’ll die if we don’t at least try. The choice is yours. I won’t pressure you.” He pushed past the king and proceeded down the hall to return to the merchant party.
The king followed Ben into the great room as he passed right between Mâvis and Pierce. “Be honest, Freyr sent you to kill her, did he not? That wolf has never been trustworthy.”
Ben turned on his heels and glared back at the king, “Freyr holds my own wife hostage so that I will help you and I have been a prisoner since I set foot on this island. I hold no allegiance to that man or any other for that matter. I came here to help your wife. I can’t force you to be smart enough to let that happen and I won’t ruin my diplomacy by trying to convince you otherwise. The fact of the matter is she is in a fragile state and had I gotten here sooner I may have been able to save both your wife and your baby. Now the only one with a shot at survival is her and it diminishes every moment you wait.” With that, Ben stormed out of the great room into the courtyard. 
Mâvis watched as Ben left and he turned right back to Pierce. He could see the spark in the rookie’s eyes. There was no way he would let an opportunity like that go. The Human would be considered a traitor now. Anyone could put a traitor to death, in fact it would put Pierce back in good standing with their king. Ben would need a personal escort home just to keep him alive and even then, there was no telling what Freyr would do.
William ordered his guards to stand waiting by the door as he followed Ben out. He paced in front of the human a few moments trying to think on his words, “I am sorry, I do not know what came over me. Please will you come back and try, I would not make it through a single night without my wife.”
“She’s in rough shape, I honestly don’t know if I am even capable of helping her at this point.” Ben stood with his hands on his hips cursing again.
The King extended his arm and opened his hand palm up, “You put yourself at great risk to convince me. I am convinced and will be grateful for your efforts regardless of the outcome. I have no other hope for her.” Ben nodded and reached out for William’s hand only to be steered away from the door they had just come out, “We shall return through the servant entrance. It is not safe for you to go through the great hall right now.”
A few hours later, he was escorted by two guards to a room for the night. Ben found it odd that he was under such heavy watch, yet they never bothered to lock the door. The two warriors on watch were certainly not ones to contend with. Both giants and one with some heavy and grotesque scarring.  
He washed the remaining blood off his hands in a washbasin and it took him a moment to realize he was looking into a mirror on the vanity. Shaking the water off his hands he reached up and tapped the glass to confirm what he was seeing was real. Although hand blown glass was common place here the mirror was the first one he had seen since he arrived, and that was not all that baffled him. King William’s palace was filled with trinkets only humans could have made. The vendors in Freyr’s village had some goods here and there but nothing like this. There were even modern books lining all the shelves in here and there were even more in the room he had tended to William’s queen in.
Ben took the towel off the hook near the armoire and toweled off, then absorbed the rest of the accommodations. The room had a massive fireplace, flanked by carved tree limbs. The bed was made of rustic log, and was piled high with sheets, and furs to keep off the cold. There was a giant copper tub in front of the fire place, and on the table next to it was a tray of soaps and wash rags.
Then Ben noticed something he did not expect to see. A bottle of bourbon. He looked around the room for a moment, not even sure that it was for him. There was a tag on it, he flipped it upwards to read, “Well deserved.” No sooner had he let the tag fall than he had the bottle snatched up off the table. Flopping down on the bed he pulled out his newly acquired hunting knife and lopped the top of the bottle right off before taking a healthy sip of the drink and sitting back to read one of the books on the bedside.
Meanwhile,
Mâvis scanned William’s entire body, every flinch, every breath ever rumble in the rival king’s voice rang as a lie to the warriors eyes. This beast could not speak the truth if his life depended on it and right now it was getting dangerously close to just that, “His fate is NOT yours to decide! He belongs to Freyr!”
“If I hand him to you he will not live to see the trail, do you take me for a fool, Mâvis?” William stepped back on seeing the guard tense up. “Even if he does make it home he will be killed for treason, and over what? Because he is stupid and careless? These are not crimes under my rule.”
“He will make it home with me as escort.” The warning rumble lingered in his tone.
William laughed, “With you? As much as you hate humans?”
“How I feel about humans has nothing to do with my duty! I was charged with seeing him here, and I will see he returns, or kill whoever stands in my way!” Mâvis stepped forward only to have nine spears take aim. He did not look at a single blade, instead he peered down the shaft to the owner of each one. Scanning the guards for the best kill to take out first. Most of these warriors he knew, some were from his old village growing up. To take out William’s prize fighters would mean to take out men he respected. 
His eyes landed hard on William again. “You hide behind some impressive warriors. I trained with your best and not one of them is skilled enough to take on me. So why not set aside your bravest and take me on yourself?” He knew the young yet battle weary king would not dare, not with his wife at the mercy of the fates. There would be only one way to resolve this. “I will return with enough arms for the slave and we will see how useful they are then.”
William nearly laughed at the thought, no one in that village dared take on his warriors. Mâvis may have spent the last two years training them but they were far from ready for a challenge of this sort. Why a prize fighter like Mâvis would even bow so low as to serve the pitiful coward that was Freyr was beyond comprehension. A better warrior would have challenged the weak king for position already.  “How is it that you work for Freyr? He is poor and a poor leader. I do not know how his people are not starving to death.” Mâvis did not answer, instead he left with a warning growl that chilled the leader to the bones. Even on his own and surrounded by a court full of trained assassins that warrior was not one to test. 
In the morning, Ben returned to Olivia’s chambers to check on her. The fever was gone and her color looked great. Her dark sweaty fur was dry and soft, showing her rich ginger coloring. He checked her incision and gave instructions to the chambermaids before packing his bags to leave.
William was already waiting for him in the great-hall, it was empty and Ben was curious as to where the merchants had gone for the evening. There was not a trace of them anywhere.  “You did well last night, Abbott. I need to thank you and apologize.”
“There is nothing to apologize for. You were only thinking about her, and you made the best decision. I expect she will recover within the week or so.” He tried to warm up the mood with a coy smile.
The king pressed his lips as if to muster up his thoughts. He quickly came to the conclusion that there was no delicate way to put this and looked straight into Ben’s eyes. “That is not what I am apologizing for unfortunately. The merchant party you came with left hours ago. It nearly started a battle here in this room.”
“What? Why?” Ben’s face lost all color.
“In your efforts to prove yourself last night you denounced your king in front of his guards. That is treason, they mean to kill you now. You cannot go home.”
“I have to though, I have a wife there and they will kill her.” He turned away from the king unable to look him in the eye. The realization of his mistake nearly sucking the air out of his chest. “Oh God, what have I done?”
King William reached for Ben’s shoulder trying to console him with a squeeze as the human dropped to his knees. “I am assembling a party to travel to your village and negotiate for her. You saved my wife. I will not let it cost you yours. I swear to you I will do all I can.” With that, William left Ben to come to terms with the news.
That night he got no sleep. Tossing and turning with the thoughts of what would happen to Lúta. Unable to take anymore he got up and packed his bag. William had placed two guards outside his door to ensure he would not follow the merchant party, and another by the back window. What he never took into account was the thatched roof. He climbed the large log posts and with his hunting knife well sharpened, it made quick work of the bindings on the thatch. Pulling the straw into the room he let it drop to the bed till he had enough room to scurry out. 
Escaping into the darkness Ben was determined to make it back to Freyr’s village and prove his loyalty in doing so. He marched through the night and well into the next hoping that he could at least keep on the trail in case it snowed again. Finally, he took a break out of sheer exhaustion. He parked himself under a tree and opened the package of dried meat Lúta had packed for him. Chewing on it slowly he felt himself starting to doze off and slapped at his own face to stay awake. 
Feeling like if he stayed there he would soon find himself passed out, he closed his sack and turned to stand up. A split second before he made it to his feet pain tore through his left buttocks and he fell forward letting out a scream. A few seconds later Bjorn was standing over him readying a second arrow. “Hello, human, good to see you again.” The next arrow went straight into his back. “I would not stay there too long, the wolves will be out soon looking for fresh meat.” Ben watched helplessly as Bjorn’s feet faded from sight. 
A few minutes later, he heard another familiar voice. Mâvis stood looming over Ben. He knew someone had been tracking the caravan. He had just not expected it to be the human. There were not many human’s in this world that were capable of escaping a Joutone hunting party. William’s was nearly half a day behind and had the guards attention for the last day. He had never even seen Bjorn. Not until now, not until it was too late. “Oh, that is a pity, human, you made it so far on your own. I promise this arrow will find a more suitable home.” Ben felt a foot on his back as the arrow that protruded was yanked out and then the one from his ass. This time Mâvis’s feet were the ones he watched fade from vision. He lay there unable to move waiting for death to take over. He cursed silently as he saw the wolves start to appear through the trees, pacing in front of him as he faded from consciousness. Within a few minutes, his body was being dragged out of the snow.



Chapter 13

A damp mist hung in the air, as if it wanted to rain but just couldn’t find the strength. Lúta made her way through the market with her basket, looking over the vendors’ carts. She hadn’t had much to barter with since she moved up to the palace with Ben. She had managed to negotiate a stipend from Erica for goods and supplies for Ben’s work and it was nice that she had a little extra to buy a novelty here and there. 
She had just pocketed a beautiful, old book when someone grabbed her arm. When she realized it was Bjorn her heart stopped for a second and she could barely catch her breath. She flinched to free herself from him, but his grip was firm and his claws dug into her arm. 
He leaned in to whisper into her ear. “The human is dead and you are coming with me.”
She shook her head in disbelief, “No.” At first it came out as a whisper and then she was screaming it as he dragged her out of the market square. “No Bjorn, I loved him! Why?” Finally, as he pulled her into the open meadow she was able to yank her arm free from his grip. She backed up slowly, keeping him in her sights for the opportune time to make a break for it. “I will not go anywhere with you. I am property of the palace.”
Bjorn stormed back over to her, “Maybe while the human was alive you were, but he is dead now and you belong to me. You were already betrothed, you were already PAID FOR!” He snatched her arm again to drag her with him and she swatted at him in self-defense. The drizzle the skies had been threatening now clung to her hair and fur making it easy to slip from his grasp.
She took off across the field towards the palace, hoping that if she could make it there that the guards would give her refuge. Pierce stood in front of the gates with his arms crossed over his chest. She tried to go around him and he moved to block her. Lúta pried at his arm and begged, “Let me in, please?” He stood staring at her coldly, silently. “Bjorn is coming for me, I need to get in.”
Finally the young warrior spoke. “Well then, your traitorous husband should have thought harder on your safety before he denounced his king. Why should I let you in on the chance that you are a traitor as well?”
“But I am not a traitor, nor was Ben! Why would you say that?” She didn’t have time to wait for his answer. Bjorn had a fist full of her hair in one hand, her arm in the other and was spinning her towards his cottage. She screamed in agony while he dragged her off, with the freezing rain finally letting go.
She slipped on the ice and struggled to free her hair from his grip as she lay on her back. He released her arm and belted her in the face until she stopped fighting. “There, now perhaps you will remember your place!” 
Lúta tried to choke out a sob and reply to him, as she squirmed and writhed on the ground. Before her mouth could form any words, Bjorn was plowed off her by the broad side of Mâvis’s axe. She was still in too much pain to move but felt the void in the sleet and rain as Mâvis’s figure passed over her to ready another blow.
It felt like it was all moving so slowly as she managed to roll onto her stomach and watch helplessly as Mâvis took out an unmerciful rage on Bjorn. Mâvis could have easily killed him with any one of those blows but it was clear that he wanted him to suffer. Lúta made it to her knees now feeling sorry for her brother.
The anger over what he had just done to her quickly forgotten and replaced by the fear that he was about to die. The rain was so thick now that all she could see was Bjorn’s silhouette, while Mâvis’s white hair seemed to take on a ghostly hue.  
Mâvis hauled Bjorn’s nearly lifeless body to his knees; her brother slumped there on his own weight as Mâvis walked over to Lúta and pulled an arrow from his quiver. “Lúta, you belong to me now.” He drew it through his longbow and released it into Bjorn’s head. 
She cringed as she watched her brother flail and fall forward, “No!” She didn’t even realize Mâvis was talking to her as he reached for her arm and hauled her off the ground. Then it occurred to her what he was saying, “No, no Mâvis.” Yanking herself free from his grip.
He snatched her arm back up again, “I just saved your life, Lúta. Now come with me and let Genie tend your wounds, we can talk more about this at home.”
“No! You hated my husband and you just killed my brother! I want nothing to do with you! Leave me be, Mâvis!” She glared up at him.
“I am the only protection you have. If Avery does not come for you someone else will. Who will challenge me? No one! You are not safe at the palace anymore. Not with your husband dead. Who will protect you?”
He gave her all of a moment to digest his words and then as if he could read her very thoughts, “If you run, I will bind you and bring you back. Ask Genie if you like, I am a very good hunter, you cannot escape me. Now, you will come with me till you find a suitable mate and then you can do as you wish. I honestly do not care after that. But until then you serve under my roof.” His growl lingered long enough to drive home his point. She sobbed and nodded in reply as he shoved her towards his cottage.
Genevieve sat in awe as Lúta came in the door a bloody and bruised mess, with Mâvis right behind her covered in rain-soaked, blood as well. His wife darted from the table inspecting them both. Mâvis brushed her away as he peeled off his armor, “It is not mine, love.” 
Genie accepted his armor from him and brought it into the back room to be cleaned later, “You are going to tell me whose it is, are you not?” She came back in carrying a soapy bucket and a washrag as she addressed her husband, her focus was on Lúta’s badly bruised and bloody face.
“Bjorn, I killed him. Lúta will be serving us till she finds a new mate.” Mâvis shoved past his wife and went into backroom himself, to get washed up.
Genevieve scowled at Lúta, “What happened?” 
Lúta’s eyes teared up, “I do not even know. Bjorn told me he killed Ben and that he was taking me back to my betrothed. I ran to the palace, but the guards said Ben was a traitor and that I was not welcomed there anymore. I have no clue why they would say that. Especially after he saved the queen’s son.” Her sobs took over and she couldn’t hold it together anymore. 
Genevieve pulled Lúta in for a hug, she was moved to tears herself as she kissed her friend on the forehead, “Shhh, you are safe.” She helped Lúta set up the bath in the washroom and returned to find her husband twirling a scroll between his claws. The kings colors were replaced with his own and despite the fact that Genie knew what the document was she had no clue why her husband had it.
He was deep in turmoil over what to do next, he had promised her they would only be here a year, just long enough to take revenge for the killing of King Nathan. The first year had evolved into a second it seemed that her husband was without a plan, for the first time since they had met.
She took hold of her husband’s shoulders giving him a good squeeze to draw him out of his thoughts. “What is it?” She knew the question would give her the answer she was looking for. 
He let out a deep breath and his frustration with it. He was always honest with her. Maybe not as open as he would like to be but she would always get an answer from him. “The title for the human.”
He offered up the scroll for her to see. She was hesitant on opening it, but as soon as she saw English text she knew what he had done. “Why is this not in Joutone? Freyr cannot read this writing.”
He could not help but smile, and he knew he should turn and face her, because she would be wondering why he had done it. Instead he quietly waited for her to demand his attention. It would not be a long wait she took his shoulder and shoved him against the back of his seat. Stretching his long form out to show he was enjoying her condescending backlash, he then wrapped an arm around her hips and pulled her to him, “The human would not have lasted long on his own. I meant to take him with us when we leave.” 
His admission infuriated her, but with the human dead it was pointless to worry about now. However her husband’s stunt with the title could be viewed as treason, and despite the fact that her husband was a well-respected warrior even he could not escape a death warrant on treason. No crime was greater in this world, than that of a betrayal to your king and your people. He meant to snatch his document back, but she held it up out of his reach, “Why did you not tell your wife of the risk you put on our heads?”
He narrowed his eyes and purred, “Do you think it would be wise for me to share such a risky secret with the village gossip?” He pulled her tighter too him and sat up to retrieve his title only to find her reach back and toss it into the fireplace. He had not expected that and when he stood he took her with him plopping her on the table and letting out a growl, “You will owe me for that, wife.” 
“Looks as though your village gossip just saved your hide, Mâvis. Now your secret will stay as such.” Her defiance excited him and he meant to collect on his debt, but Lúta was finished with her bath and clearing her throat as she peered out of the curtain to the wash room. 
She was still wrapped in the bath sheet and hesitant to emerge, with Mâvis still in the room. She would spend all night bare if she did not. “Genie, I have nothing the wear. My gown was destroyed in the mud.
Her friend had no problem shoving her husband off. He knew he would be kicked out shortly, and took a long last fixation on his wife’s hind quarters before she turned back to scold him, “Do you not have some duties to tend to, husband?” He thought twice on taking his pleasure tonight. A house full of angry Joutone women would make for a long night.

~~~~~~

The next day Mâvis returned to the palace for duty. He took his food after the rest of the guards left and ate in silence as he waited for the king to arrive. He was nearly finished when Freyr finally made his way in, grabbing a plate for himself.
“Good to see you in one piece, my friend. I heard about the battle with Bjorn last night. Why was he here, did you get a chance to question him?” Freyr sat at the table and waited for a reply.
The interrogation was expected, and Mâvis was well prepared for it. “He was here for Lúta. I did not need to question him. I found him beating her across from the square and I killed him.” Mâvis chewed through a last bite of food.
“Did you know that Bjorn killed the healer after he denounced me in front of our enemy?” 
“So, two traitors are dead and I have a new servant. What is our next order of business?” Mâvis drank his tea.
“Was she not property of the palace?” Freyr put down his fork and eyed Mâvis.
“She was married, was she not? That would make her property of her husband. Upon his death she goes back to her family. Or did you forget I enforced contracts long before you hired me?” Mâvis straightened up and crossed his arms over his chest, almost daring Freyr to question his motives, “I challenged Bjorn and won, she is mine.”
“You cannot have two wives.”
“Tell you what, anyone wants to challenge me for one or both, is welcome to try.” Mâvis grinned as he finished his tea and put his mug on the table. “Now, I had come to discuss our plans for Ormr, but I will simply take to my post until you have some actual plans made.”
As the guard left Freyr sat at the table cursing the situation, Mâvis may be loyal but he was also powerful and well respected. There wasn’t a warrior in the village that would take on a challenge from the general even if they could. Should Mâvis ever challenge for position there would be no contest. There would be no escaping him. His only chance for survival would be to do away with the beast and it would take some truly underhanded work to see that happen.
As evening fell Mâvis made it home to find the women in somewhat of a good spirit. At least until he walked in through the door. Lúta immediately silenced and went over to the sink basin to knead bread and Genevieve was brushing Jocelyn’s teeth.
Mâvis kissed Genie and Jocelyn before he made his way to the stew pot over the fireplace looking for dinner. He leaned on the counter, dunking his bread into his stew before eating it while he silently watched Lúta. 
She kneaded the bread a few more minutes and then stopped and glared up at him. “Enjoying yourself Mâvis?”
He replied, “Do not flatter yourself, woman. You do not even compare to my wife, I just want to see how your wounds look.” He licked his thumb clean and went to reach for her cheek when she swatted his hand off violently and growled at him. 
Lúta turned Genevieve, “How long do I have to put up with this?”
Mâvis rumbled angrily, “I already told you, Lúta, till you find another mate. I will not throw you to the wolves, even if it is what you want.” He put his food on the table and sat to offer some of it to Jocelyn. 
Genevieve went over to fold laundry, “Honestly, Lúta, Mâvis does not really care for other women. You are safe and he is right. Do you really want to be out there at risk of some fool dragging you into the lysthus, or  Avery selling you off to the highest bidder?”
“No, I guess that is now for Mâvis to do.” 
Lúta’s reply got a retort from him, “Do you really think I want for anything? My wife and daughter have the best clothes and this is a fine cottage.”
“Really, Mâvis? Who ever heard of a general with a one-room cottage? Even my brother lived better than you.”
Mâvis stood and leaned over the table glaring down at her, “You know what, you are right. Perhaps I should go challenge  Avery for his position. Then I can take the cottage too.”
Lúta gasped and covered her mouth as her eyes welled up.
“MÂVIS!” Genevieve scolded and swatted at him with a towel, “That was cruel, apologize to her this instant!”
He sat right back down and lowered his gaze as he took another bite of his food, “Sorry, that was wrong of me. Of course I will not seek out a challenge from him. I have no interest in selling you and I certainly have no interest in touching you.”
 He sat quietly tooling through his food for a moment. Then he started to grin. The grin turned into a chuckle as Genevieve stood narrowing her eyes on him, warning him not to even say it. She readied the towel anyway because she knew it was coming out of his mouth. “If you two ever want to touch each other, however, you will get no protest from me.” Not a split second after the last word came out of his mouth both the women were wielding towels and swatting him out the door.

Chapter 14

Ben woke to an Asian man singing to himself while flipping fish on a wood-stove. The room was dark with the exception of a lantern that lit only the small space surrounding the stove. The light would not do much good in the cramped space due to the shadows cast by piles upon piles of junk. The fish did little to mask the attic style odor of the room.
The man stopped what he was doing and turned around to offer Ben a ladle full of water from a pot on the floor. His accent was thick and his voice was very deep.  “Oh, you are wake. Good. How you get here?” 
“Do you mean in general or today?” Ben replied but speaking was incredibly painful and he had to strain to get the words out.
“When gom kill their enemy they make example of them. Not you. Two tribe leave you to die. Why?”
“I wish I knew. So far life on this island is a complete mystery to me.”
The Asian man handed Ben a plate with the fish on it. He was tall and thin with a dark complexion. His long black hair and beard had Ben thinking he resembled a wizard of some sort. “Hmm. I think you need new island. You have no friend here. You get well and we find you new island.”
Ben accepted the plate and ate most of the food within a few bites before asking, “Is there any way home?” 
“Mmmm, no way home from here. I been here many year.” The man pulled a ladder over from the other side of the room and climbed it. As he peeled the curtain back to retrieve what he was after, there appeared to be stacks of jugs up in the eaves of the cottage. 
“You make the vodka. Do you supply both villages?”
“No, I supply all villages. Gom like to eat and drink. I make potato vodka, they like it.” He smiled as he poured some for the doctor, “Here you drink. Will stop pain.” 
He accepted the liquor and took a small sip to avoid being rude. However, he feared the consequences of it thinning the blood too much to make a hearty go of it. “You said ‘gom’ this means bear, you’re Korean?”
“Yes, Korean Rock Solja.” He pounded on his chest to display his aggression. “I come here and open liquor store.” He followed with a wink and laughed at his own joke for a few minutes. “You know Korean?”
“That’s cute, I was stationed there for a year as a civilian army medic. What’s your name? I am Doctor Benjamin Abbott.”
The Korean man took a swig of the jug, “My name is Young, I am foreva Young.” He got himself chuckling again on his own pun. “Rest but be careful, you are not on ground. This tree house.” With that, the man pointed at the door and turned to wash out the bowl. As soon as he finished he climbed into a hammock above the sink basin to sleep.
Within a few days, Ben was moving about a bit. Working his leg and cleaning the cabin to repay the man for his kindness. Each day the hermit would descend from the tree house and fill a travois with goods. He strapped it to a wolf who eagerly awaited a treat before journeying with him, and Ben would marvel at the pack of animals that followed him. He would be gone most of the day and return at night with items from the different villages. 
A few times he returned with items that could have only been obtained by contact with humans and Ben now found himself beyond curious. The tradesman had secrets, well-guarded ones. 
Each night Young would perch himself on the porch of the well-crafted tree house and drop meat to the many wolves that would show up. Some he clearly had trained and others were not from his pack judging by their cautiousness when approaching.
By the second week Ben had been assisting him in the evenings to offer the food to the animals. A few times Young motioned to Ben to climb down the tree and join him in hand feeding the wild dogs. “You don’t find this a bit daring?”
Young smirked, “No, they worry for their enemy more than for me. You gain their trust and then their enemy will respect you too.” He then took his two fingers and ushered Ben’s attention to his eyes, “Same is true of gom. You must gain their trust.”
A sense of shame took over as this strategy had failed him miserably so far, “Well, all that has gotten me is nearly killed and my wife held hostage if she’s even still alive.”
Young walked over to Ben and popped him right in the forehead, “You have stronger mind than that Abbott! Use it. You won’t defeat your enemy on their terms. They are too big to see the ground. The ground is where you must work then. If you want respect, EARN IT! Like the wolf, gom will kill what they don’t respect. Wolf respect me so gom respect me.”
“That is just it though, I don’t want respect, I want to go home. I have been to the most God forsaken places on earth and not one compares to the savagery I have endured here. The most fascinating part is that these creatures are probably the last of their species and they will most likely be the cause of their own extinction.” Ben pulled apart a few strips of meat and offered them to the few wolves that were relaxing in front of him then he chucked a piece to one that was pacing back and forth behind them. “You trade with humans don’t you?”
The comment got a stubborn glare from Young, he didn’t even answer, he just stomped off and climbed his tree. Ben finished passing out the meat to the eager animals and followed him up. He found a plate of fish and greens waiting for him inside but Young was already up in his hammock with his animal skin cap pulled over his face. The message was clear that this was not a discussion he wanted to have. Ben ate the food and washed it down with a hearty amount of the potato vodka before passing out.



Chapter 15

It took several weeks for Ben to heal. He took on as many chores in the cottage as he could to help build his strength back and even made some badly needed repairs to the place. He learned quickly that when people showed up he had to hide being that this island held two villages and both wanted him dead. 
A few times warriors came from different villages on other islands and Young would spend extra time talking to them. Once even bringing someone up to introduce himself and enjoy a meal. 
The man was not as tall as other Joutone, and his fur was a solid grey that reminded Ben of a Russian blue cat. His eyes were very black and almond shaped, Ben could not tell where the pupil ended and iris began. He seemed to watch every move Ben made as they ate. Only pausing now and then to take a drink and watch as Young retrieved various goods and presented them for approval or rejection. The predator would be right back to assessing Ben and his movements right away.
Despite the seemingly friendly demeanor the warrior was trying to pass off, Ben could not help but feel uncomfortable in his presence. He finished his food and made his way to the ground to start on his evening chores.  The stranger descended the ladder shortly after and gestured to his guards who immediately closed in on the human. Ben’s jaw dropped open at the realization of what was happening and he yelled up at Young, “Are you kidding me? You sold me, you son of a bitch!”
Young chuckled as he waved goodbye, “I send you with two bottle of liquor. Is parting gift, enjoy.” Then he ducked back into his tree house. The guards laughed as they wrestled Ben to the ground and tied him up.
Ben lay strapped to the travois for hours. The war party finally came to a stop to adjust their trade goods, and add some fresh hunted meats to the carts. There was but one merchant in the group and he was there merely to assess value. The rest of the warriors were there to hunt The beast that had purchased Ben was nowhere to be seen most of the journey, yet as soon as the party stopped he waltzed into camp with a sword half sheathed. 
The weapon sung as it completed its journey into the holster. He leaned on a bolder, taking a water skin that was offered to him and removing the cap before taking a drink. The creature was mid conversation with a warrior and spoke in the tongue of their people rather than English. He meant to take that drink he was after and instead he caught Ben’s bound form squirming in his ties. “Release him.” This time the words were meant for Ben’s ears
The warrior relaxed against the rock and waited for his prize to right himself. The human stumbled as he tried to rub the feeling back into his wrists. Then desperation had him clutching at his own crotch, nearly doubling him over in pain. “Do you mind if I relieve myself? It’s been a rather rough ride.” He hoped the hint of sarcasm in his tone was not noticeable. 
His new master’s dark eyes lit with amusement, as he chuckled into his drink. “You are funny, human. By all means, take your relief.” The warrior gestured to a nearby tree as he finally indulged in the water in his hand. The warrior cleared his throat as Ben finished up. “So Doctor Abbott, we finally make acquaintance. I am Ormr.” Closing the water sack he tossed it to Ben’s feet and took note of Ben’s pause in reaching for it “I see you have heard of me. I hear we have a common enemy. The traders says it was Mâvis who shot you, although I highly doubt it.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Mâvis does not leave survivors. If it was his arrow he would have stayed to enjoy the life draining from your eyes.”
“It was Bjorn that shot me. Mâvis retrieved the arrows and left me to die.” Ben swallowed his pain over the glimpse that day brought back. He needed to stay focused, as he was not really sure what Ormr wanted with him just yet.
“Ah, now it makes sense to me. However, Mâvis killed Bjorn nearly two months ago. I wonder what drove that?” Ormr expected Ben to have an answer and when the news appeared to be new information for the human, Ormr took to his feet and signaled his guards that it was time to move. 
Before Ben could say a word he was pinned in the snow and bound again. The party had no intentions on staying on this island long. Instead trekking clean through the night and into the next day.
His ties finally released on the beach. It took him a few minutes to get his strength back in his extremities. He was weak from lack of food and water, and his limbs were in pain from being bound for so long. One of the guards meant to help him off his knees and into the long boat, but he was already taking to his feet. He held up and hand to ward off the assistance but the moment he stumbled from the pain, the patience of his charge wore out.
He was hauled off his feet and bowled into the boat. Although Ben had healed considerably since he had been shot, it still pained him to move at times and the last two days of being dragged through the woods were wearing on him. 
As the boats left shore he could feel his exhaustion taking over, and almost preferred staying on his back in the bottom of the boat. He quickly learned that would not be an option. Ormr opened his water skin and poured its contents over Ben’s head until the human righted himself. The water-skin was then offered directly to him and he was hesitant in taking it, not sure if Ormr was toying with him or not.
A warning growl resonated from his master enough to vibrate Ben’s chest and he obediently snatched up the water and popped the top. The beast gloated over the human’s reaction, “Finally a human that knows his place in our world, that is rare, indeed. I thought you were a healer though, how is it you do not heal yourself?”
“I’m not practicing magic. I’m just educated in medicine.” It was clear his reference was lost on the fool. “You are a strapping young warrior. I assume you spent most of your life training for combat?” His query won a nod, in anticipation of where this was going. Ben produced his hands palms up for inspection. “I have spent my entire life training my hands to correct damage and manage illness. I have no powers…I’m just educated.”
A spark lit in the beast’s eyes. “Could you train someone else to do what you do?”
The remark took Ben by surprise, perhaps this Ormr was not so bad after all. “Of course I could, is it something you would want to learn, yourself?”
His master grinned and sucked on one of his fangs, “My father could heal people. When he was king he mended my leg after a sea god took me beneath the ice. It was painful. He twisted and snapped my bones, but I healed and quickly.”
Ben was not really sure how to answer that. “I am sure that if he was capable of doing it, that you could as well.”
That seemed to thrill the overly eager young man and he rewarded his new captive with a satchel of grain and dried berries. Being the first food he had seen in two days Ben dug into it eagerly.
The boat trip lasted most of the day with and finished at the foot of an incredible island. It seemed to rise from the waters with little to no shoreline. The base of this natural fortress was made of cavernous pillars, worn and bleached by the sea water. The scattered remnants of once colossal columns littered the ocean and the Joutone maneuvered through them gracefully, only scraping one every so often and ever so lightly. If the sea had shown even the slightest sign of anger the boats would be mere splinters…as would the cargo. They sailed right into a watery cavern that reminded Ben of the fanged teeth of a bear, or maybe even the Joutone. 
What little light afforded by the winter sun disappeared as they entered the caves. Not able to see his hands in front of him Ben just sat quietly, waiting for what was to come. The boat rocked and swayed heavily as its passengers disembarked. Now much lighter in the water he felt the gravel grind beneath the hull, then a tinge of relief  shot through him as one of the warriors lit a lantern. 
The action won a compliment from Ormr, “That is right, I forgot humans cannot see in the dark.” Ben was scrambling from his seat in hopes they would not bind him for the trip to their village and he stumbled at his master’s feet. Before he could apologize or right himself he was hauled off the ground and shoved towards the steps.
This time no one made any effort to bind him and he knew full well that it was because there was no place for him to run. He followed the trail of warriors through the hand-carved corridors of the island fortress. The trail meandered between steps and pathways, at times taking them close to the sea and other times deep into the mountain. Finally they emerged into a well-lit opening that faced the sea and the trail seemed to stop. There was no place left to go and yet they were not at their destination. The warriors were depositing their supplies into pulleyed baskets and as soon as they would tug, the supplies disappeared up the side of the mountain.
As the work load disappeared up the side of the cliff so too did the Joutone, and Ben was left with the realization that there was only one way up. Before he could protest one of the guards heaved him over their shoulder, and he clung on for dear life as they ascended the side of the mountain. Ignoring the pain of his wounded buttocks he had no choice but to endure the harsh and humiliating journey. 
The climb seemed to last forever, but it did eventually end with Ben’s feet on the ground. Looking around the walls of the island held an incredible secret, a vast and well populated Joutone village lay at the bottom of a steep ravine, and the goods that had gone up before him had already disappeared into the palace. 
Unlike the chalet of Freyr’s and the incredible cabin that housed King William, this palace was just that, a true palace. Carved stone from the very rocks beneath their feet, this place looked very much like the ancient forts and fortresses that were scattered in his own British Isles. There was no way the Joutone built this structure. They passed through the center of the village and Ben recognized the crumbled relics of an old watch tower. The stones lay in the very position they had tumbled, centuries ago. The earth now slowly consuming them back into the ground.
At the foot, the horrors to the likes of which Ben had never seen with his own eyes. Racks for torture littered the square, and the torture going on there now seemed almost celebratory in nature. Three victims. One’s deceased carcass being removed for disposal while another Joutone writhed and groaned in pain as his torture ensued.
Ormr caught his new slave admiring the process for a little too long. “This is how we deal with traitors and those wishing to escape.”
“Oh, lovely. Am I here for that?”
 Ben’s comment drew a chuckle from the leader, “Of course not, well, unless you do something stupid like try to escape or betray me. I do say try because no human has ever made it off my island alive. My own father included.”
“Well, as you said we have a common enemy, so far in my book that makes us friends.” Ben retorted smugly, hoping it was enough to hide his disgust for the acts in the square. He followed his master to the door of the palace, trying hard not to let the blood-curdling screams infect his ears too much. He could not find himself inside the closed door fast enough.
Inside he was shown to a table, it was already set for four. The food smelled amazing and after the meager ration of berries and grain meal, the sight of it sent his heart racing. He was not sure who the food was meant for, but the king crossed the floor and took his seat offering the one across from himself to the new slave.
As soon as they sat down a flurry of servants dashed in. A busty woman to serve them food, and pour drinks. A chambermaid stood waiting for orders on the slave’s quarters, while two fresh guards were issued a written order of protection for the human. He handed off two scrolls and curiosity got the best of Ben, to the point that he nearly stumbled on his own words. “D-do you need me to sign some sort of title?”
The entire room came to a halt over the question. Both guards assessing their king’s temperament. Clearly the king was expected to react in anger as one of the guards had his hand on his machete simply waiting on order. Ormr dismissed him with little more than an eye roll and snatched a biscuit off the table. “You see, your last master may have needed some sort of document to keep control of you. Perhaps it was not clear as to the nature of your relationship. I need no such paperwork. You, like everyone else here serve me willingly or I separate your head from the rest of you. Now, here you see I provide well for you.” Ormr made his point by picking up a goblet from his place setting, and toasting Ben, “All I ask is you serve my guard and heal my warriors as they return from battle.” Then a very distinct and controlled purr followed, “…and now that I know your abilities are learned I expect you to mentor me as well.”
Ben returned the toast and was eager to dig into the food in front of him when a knock came on the great room door. Two seemingly shy women were shown in and the door closed behind them. One dashed right over to Ormr taking to his lap eagerly, while the other one was hesitant not really comfortable with the thought of bedding a human. 
Having to tear himself from the indulgent kiss he was occupied with, Ormr rumbled to the shy girl, “Perhaps you should join your traitorous husband on the racks tomorrow?”
She immediately darted across the floor for the human, Ben nearly stumbled off the other side of his chair to escape her, crossing his legs to avoid her trembling hands. Not really sure how to address the fact that he did not want to take part in sex with woman whose only intent in doing so was to avoid torture. “I apologize Madam, but I am married. Or I was. I am faithful to her either way.”
The sudden silence across the table was almost expected and Ben was hesitant to make eye contact with the king. The narrow eyed stare cut right to Ben’s core, “You turn down a gift for a woman you will never see again? Whoever your master was I assure you she has long been sold, if not wed to him by now. If you want a new wife you will have one, she is lovely and obedient, or perhaps you like this one?”
The woman on Ormr’s lap shook her head, “No, sir. I love my king. Take me as wife, I only wish to serve you.” Her long eyelashes fluttered for him but his attention was fixed on the slave.
“Perhaps you prefer a warrior? I assure you arrangements can be made.” His patience growing shorter by the second. No matter what Ben decided this night was not going to end well.
“You are most generous, my king. If I were not so exhausted from the journey and in desperate need a bath I would certainly love to indulge. In my current condition I barely feel worthy to sit at your table, never mind make love to a woman.”
Ormr’s goblet clunked on the table his patience all but gone. He stood nearly dropping the woman on his lap to the floor. “Very well, human. Eat your fill and take them both to your quarters. They will bath you and be sure you are to sleep like a new born cub.” He paused only to take the vixen that was on his lap a moment ago by the chin, “You report to your king anything these two inferiors do against their king.” She smiled warmly and took his knuckle from under her chin to plant a kiss on it signaling that she would eagerly do as ordered. He sneered in disgust over her display and then at Ben over his weakness in not wanting to play. The king then stormed off tossing over his should to his guards. “Escort them to his quarters when they have had their fill. 
Not a moment after the door shut Ben plucked a fork off the table and dug into his food. He was starving and the lamb was cooked to perfection. He toasted both of the women as they sat opposite him in the available chairs. “It appears I am in the company of quite lovely young women. I am sure we will have a great evening.” He took a healthy swallow of the ale, not even caring that it was a tad sour, and then something caught his eye. The table was very well set for the young king. 
He clearly deemed himself worthy of extravagances meant for any king, From the silver dinner ensemble to the vases of dried flowers. He put his cup down and snatched one of the plants from the vase in front of him, twirling the brittle plant in-between his fingers for a moment as he realized he may just have a way out of this evening’s amorous activities.
He sat back in his chair smiling, “You know, I think I am ready for that bath now.” While the timid girl dropped her gaze in fear of what was to come, the obedient little strumpet across the table was proving to be more than he could handle already. She sat back and teased open her blouse for him to admire her cleavage. It was indeed nice, but it wasn’t his dear sweet Luta’s. Ben plucked a couple of rolls off the table and stood to follow the guard taking the flower with him.

Chapter 16

Come morning Ben was awoken by a chambermaid and a guard arguing outside his door. The maid furious with the new slave having not one but two Joutone women in his bed in various stages of undress. 
The guard peeked in the door not really sure he had heard the old bat correctly, and to his own surprise the frigid creature the human had taken to bed the night before was passed out on the bosom of king’s latest lover. He grinned at the human, “That is impressive. Your master will be pleased.”
Ben sat up in the bed trying to throw on a fresh tunic that was left for him by the maid, as he replied, “Not sure why, humans are known to be strong mates. I had them both swooning for me all evening.”
That comment won him a sinister growl and before the guard could reply Ormr was in the room assessing the pile of exhausted flesh on the bed. He grinned, “Excellent, I knew you were just like me. You will see, how good I treat you in due time. You will be ready to perform your duties soon after a night like that, I am sure!” The young king was overly excited about what the morning revealed about the human’s nature.
It was the human that found himself unable to come to terms with what had happened. The two empty goblets of ale on the nightstand still had the crushed remnants of the flower seeds in it. A potent plant thought to be extinct, he had recognized it instantly last night. Common in colder climates the plant was often used in sedatives and salves. Although still passed out, both women would wake up in a while. They would have no memory of last night and an incredible headache later.
Following the king around the village for a few days Ben found himself at the homes of a warriors that had old wounds, and some ill with fever. While the king’s home and life seemed lavish, his people were either very poor or had mere remnants of lives once richer. One woman paid her king in a family heirloom. A box with a clock in it. As they left the home Ormr tossed the item into Ben’s hands “I have a palace full of these, take this one for yourself.”
“Well it seemed rather hard for her to part with, perhaps we should return it and collect something more useful?”
Ormr spun on his heels, snorting, “Nonsense, human. That was the most valuable thing she owned. I assure you nothing she can offer me will hold any value in my court. Better to remind her of her place here.”
“Sir, the man I just treated got his wounds in a battle on your behalf did he not? Was that not payment enough?” As soon as the comment left his mouth, Ben knew it was wrong. It stopped the king cold in his tracks. 
His nose crinkling as he sneered, “Perhaps if he had fought harder for me he would not have received such wounds. My father never would have tolerated that. I have granted him mercy by even letting you tend his wounds. He will pay for my service.” The flare in his master’s eyes and nostrils were sobering and Ben bit his tongue rather than reply to such a statement.
Ben found it odd that a warrior that would kill his own father could still hold his reign in such high regard. He could only speculate as to the dynamic between the two. It must have taken great strength for a human to rule in a world where the nature of these people was so unpredictable. Whoever Nathan was, he had to be an amazing man.
Ben opened the box with the clock in it and poured the item from its home into his hand to get a better look at it. The device was linear in design. Only a moment ago he was keeping good pace with his master and he paused to marvel over the brilliance of it. There were gears controlled by a spring, each number on a separate gear and there were three brass rods to keep it in alignment and in suspension for the time to keep proper pace. It reminded him of his digital clock back home, and he found the technology interesting.
Ormr realized he was no longer being followed and waited impatiently. “You cannot still be in regret of this meager payment, human I swear…”
“No, that is not it. I’m afraid I don’t know how to read this.” In-fact the only part of the device he did not understand was the numerals on it. His master chuckled, and then laughed.
“You have been here for how long? How is it you cannot read a simple clock?” The warrior closed the distance so fast Ben had to step back to keep from collision. The beast snatched the device from his hand and pulled a lever on the side of it winding it and setting the lever again “It reads day, hour, minute. If you turn it on its side you can see the month and year you are in. Set it to mine when we return to the palace. The great room is precise.” Ben’s blank expression left Ormr with the conclusion that the human still did not have a clue. “You are totally at my mercy, you cannot read our tongue can you?”
“I’m afraid not, sir. Although I’m eager to learn.” The comment was seemingly dismissed by the king, leaving Ben to wonder if the warrior had lost his patience as he strode quickly towards the palace. 
The king stopped short, and spun on his heel again, “Very well, tonight I teach you to read a clock, tomorrow you teach me to heal the broken, agreed?” Ben nodded and smiled over the offer and the king continued,  “Excellent. I think we have a lot to learn from each other. Perhaps you will be a more reliable teacher than my father was. Trust is hard earned in my world, human. You are well on your way to great privilege though.”
That evening two different women were shown into the great-hall for dinner and ritual entertainment. This time they were both eager to please and Ben had to distract his paramour with drink so he could focus on the content the king was teaching him. They went through many Joutone symbols, and before the evening was finished Ben had the Joutone calendar pretty much memorized. The months aligned with the seasons and stars almost exactly as human calendars did. The hours were verbatim, there was no major differences in how the years numbered Instead of the year of our lord, they counted from the birth of their people. A little over two thousand years. The two worlds much like the human races hand synced over time. Perhaps again a survival attribute. Harvest and trade all relied on these people keeping dates and times straight. 
He found all of the information valuable, and more importantly he found the king eager to teach him. Perhaps just having someone to listen to him was all he needed. Ben had the feeling he was simply young and misguided. 
They finished laughing over dinner and as soon as they were done eating Ormr yanked one of the busty women to his lap. He kissed her heartily as the second flung herself onto Ben’s and copied the other. It was clear by the second kiss that she was watching her friend for cues and was far more interested in what was going on with the king than with the puny, human slave.
Just then it had occurred to Ben that Ormr was unwed. Up until now both kings he had met had wives. The women were eager to please because they were set on seducing the king. In an island wrought with poverty the leader was an easy way to a comfortable lifestyle, and Ben could not help but wonder why he had not picked a bride just yet. It seemed until now that most Joutone picked a mate, and mated for life. Then again Ormr had human blood, perhaps there was a dominant gene in there somewhere that drove him to sow his oats a little first?
The woman on Ben’s lap grew ever more aggressive, and when she dropped to her knees to open his pants  he could not help but pry her claws off with a nervous giggle. “Um, Sir, this is fun and all. But perhaps I can take my beau to my chambers like before? I tend to have performance issues when there is an audience.”
Just like the flip of a switch the king was instantly enraged, he took to his feet, and this time instead of the girl tumbling from his lap, he had a fist full of her hair and before the horror of what was happened set in the woman’s face was planted firmly and forcefully on the table. The king had no quarrel with the girl, she was simply a convenient puppet in his hands. “Again I bestow gifts on you and again, you abandon me and my company!” Those words rolled of his tongue in a growl, while the next present in a full roar “I have no tolerance for ingrates!” His foot stomping like a tantrumed child.
Even the eager being at Ben’s feet was petrified to move on seeing her friend in agony. He had to think quickly and the only way he could see to bring relief to the injured female on the table was to comply. His hands trembled as he released his trousers, “I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t realize my manners had run away from me. I enjoy your company. You’re very witty, and generous.” Before he was finished the Joutone girl sucked his limp cock into her mouth taking him by surprise and along with each passing of her eager mouth and scary fangs Ben’s voice rang an octave higher.
Seeing him squirm in his chair the king could not help but laugh now. The pitiful human was hilarious and as he watched the puny thing get sucked off at his table he threw up the skirts of his victim. 
Ben watched helplessly, as her pain had just begun. Ormr was ruthless with her and his stamina seemed to endure a forever. Ben picked up the goblet of ale at his plate and downed it in a single chug while he fought to keep an erection for the poor girl in his lap. By the third one he was drunk enough to close his eyes and envision his wife.
Throwing his head back and biting his lip to keep his sanity as he tried to envision their first night together. It seemed like a faint dream now. But the taste of the tea and honey on her breath. The feel of her soft wet lips. The image of the fire in her eyes for him, finally brought him the relief that he needed. Clenching the armrest and the goblet tightly he unloaded and with his own groan snapping him back into reality. He realized it was not his wife in his lap. Some blond trollop he felt guilty for even touching. He shoved her off not thinking about it and when he saw the king’s girl on the floor shaken but alive he was then relived he had made it through the experience.
Ormr’s triumphant grin had Ben wishing he had a pistol. One bullet was all he would need. For himself or the king. The king toyed with the remnants of a still buoyant erection as he motioned to the woman he had just tortured. “You can finish with this one tonight. I want yours, she did very well by you.” Before Ben could even protest the king had the blond peasant girl by the back of her hair. He hauled her off the floor and shoved her towards the halls doors. “Do not have too much fun tonight. I cannot wait for my lesson in the morning.”
Watching the king leave it took him a few minutes to gather his thoughts enough to peel himself off the chair, fastening his pants as he did so. Ben took one last swig off his cup. It landed heavily on the table and he squatted down in front of the teary eyed woman on the floor. She flinched when he took her chin, and let of a feminine warning growl; breaking his heart as he tugged her hand and helped her to her feet. The side of her face was very swollen. Her bluish skin glistened beneath the fur as it had pulled so tight from the damage.
“I won’t hurt you. I swear. Will you join me for the evening? I promise to be gentle, and I would never force myself on anyone.” He swallowed hard not really sure she would accept the offer and feared what would happen if she refused.
Peering out from her now messy black hair he could see she was at least curious. He helped her limp down the hallway as the guards showed him to his room. As soon as they were in the room he poured her a large cup of the potato spirits he had been sent home with from Young. Taking a pinch of the ground sedative out of the dish on the night stand he sprinkled it into the cup and handed it to her. “Do you drink?”
She was hesitant to take it at first. She finally said the first words to him all night. “It is not customary for women to drink this.”
“Is it customary for you to be beaten as you were tonight? It will ease your pain.” She shook her head and tried a sip of the potent drink coughing till her eyes watered and he kept watch on her breathing as she took another. 
A few sips later and she was giggling on the concoction and he knew he would have what he wanted soon. He took her wrist to keep track of her pulse, and her hand started to grow heavy from the drink. Not familiar with someone taking her pulse she let the cup slide out of her hand and into his. “Healer, I have never met anyone as loving as you.”
He barely had time to put the cup down before he had to catch her head. The woman was dead-weight in his arms and he flopped her back on the bed, thanking the heavens that she would have no memory to report back to Ormr. He took off his shirt and pulled her into a more comfortable position. 
Abandoning her briefly he returned again with a freshly washed rag and some hot soapy water. He peeled off her garments and spent over an hour tending to every wound the king had left on her. By the time he had finished there was no way he was ready for sleep. He took a shot of the vodka and sprinkled the sedative in for himself. He sat on the chair watching her sleep as the potion took hold of his own senses. Before he could go for the next shot his hands were heavy and he was hoping the dose was enough to kill him.
The next morning he found himself shocked awake by the icy water of a traditional Joutone bath. Ben thought for sure he was drowning and he surfaced to find the king sitting at the foot of his bed. The guard that had just deposited him, clothing and all into the bath was storming off impatiently. 
His memory of last night came flooding back and he wiped the cold water from his face to assess what came of the girl on the bed. There was no trace of her in the room, and worry set in quickly. “She was a lot of fun last night. Will I see her again, or do we have new toys tonight?” At this point playing by Ormr’s rules would be the only way to figure anything out here.
“You liked her? I found her to be a bore after dinner, your girl was far more fun. We played all night.” Ben did not even want to know what that meant. He climbed out of the tub and took a towel offered from his master. The king was giddy with excitement as he nearly leapt from bed and paced the room. “I cannot wait for my lessons, dress quickly, I want you  in the courtyard before breakfast.”
“I do apologize, sir.” The comment stopped the king cold. He assessed his slaves mannerisms and all he saw was a well-toned but very shivering man before him. The king’s expression had a predatory appearance and Ben made sure to spit out his request quickly, “I have nothing to wear out there. Not only am I wet but without a coat I will freeze to death before I make it to the courtyard. 
That was not what Ormr was expecting to hear. The human had every intention on keeping his promise to the king’s relief. He turned to his guard, “Retrieve him some attire from my chambers. I want him in the courtyard immediately.”
The king practically waltzed out the door leaving a very perturbed guard behind with Ben. He rumbled as the human passed him, “Do I look like a chambermaid to you?”
Ben dressed quickly leaving his sopping pants on the floor of the king’s chambers for the maids to tend to. He found himself outside a short while later with a courtyard full of warriors. All incredibly impressive in size even for Joutone. There was a large bonfire and while the king was laughing and joking with a few of them, the majority of them were impatient as they waited for the healer to join them. 
Ormr sailed across the courtyard, throwing an arm around Ben’s shoulder in a seamless motion. He was directed towards the racks as few warriors laughed and cheered him on, “I am so excited about this! I have the perfect warrior to try my new skills on!” He stopped, and flashed a thousand watt smile. As enthusiastic as Ormr was for this to begin Ben had a knot in his stomach that this was about to take a horrible turn. “Are you ready?”
When the crowd around the racks parted all color left Ben’s face. Sorren lay strapped at all four limbs and spread eagle before him. The beast’s expression was haunting already, the fear in his eyes for the betrayal the human would now commit against him. Ormr shoved Ben out of his thoughts and towards his victim as a new found hate threatened to brim over and cost him his life. He was not sure the words even fell from his lips at first. “I can’t do this.”
His mouth was so dry he wasn’t truly sure anyone heard him. Ormr most certainly did. He leaned in to hear it again. The rest of his deadly audience now silent to be sure they too were hearing what had just caught their leader so off guard. “Did you just deny me?”
If he had to be tortured too he would not budge on this, his death would be worth it. “Ormr how old were you when you started training for combat?” He was damned sure he had his master’s eye contact for his answer.
“I was but a cub. My father started my training at the age of five, two years younger than most cubs. I was to keep up with his warriors and it made me a great ruler.” There was a hint of pride in his eyes and still he licked his lips at the thought of skewering this would-be traitor along with Sorren, who was a long time and vocal supporter of King Nathan. 
Ben answered, “I too learned my craft from a young age. My hands are precision instruments that have been fine tuned for twenty years. If you stopped training as you do today, what comes of you?” He pointed to a few of the overweight warriors in the crowd. “Slobbery…is that what you want from me? To mend your warriors with hands I have used to torture? I will lose the skills, and they will be replaced with the same sort of slobbery.”
He had not expected Ormr to actually consider that pitiful argument, it was not one he believed himself. The twinkle in the king’s eye astonished Ben at first and hearing the words come out if the warrior’s mouth could not have been more of a relief. “The human is right. It is a risk I am not willing to take. I have a kingdom full of warriors capable of torture. I have but one healer.” The dilemma just resolved itself until he announced, “I will do it!”
Before Ben could protest Ormr plucked a sledge hammer off the ground and spun his body to whip it around and swing full force into Soren’s leg. The merchant’s wail barely masked Ben’s own shocked yelp. Just up a muddy embankment Sorren’s son, Vaughn was there in chains and screaming for life as he watched Ormr take a second blow to the other leg.
The sledge hammer was deposited on the ground next to the rack. The king sported a triumphant grin as he admired the weary disgust on the human’s face. “Now we each have a leg to mend. You show me on yours and I will practice on mine.”
Ben’s medical bag was produced before he had a chance to consider the outcome of a refusal. Seeing his friend in pain and at the mercy of this sadistic beast, his only hope was to do the work and try to think along the way. He snatched his bag and pried it open. “I need snow and lots of it.”
He took his hunting knife out and ran the blade up both pant legs, in fear of what he was to find. One leg may be savable. The other was most certainly not. Ben’s haunted expression thrilled the king. He was going to enjoy the torture, both on his victim and on the human repairing him. “What now?”
“He will need something to bite on. I need a saw, and tools, the sharpest you’ve got.” He pointed to one of the warriors. “Boil me some water, and get me some spirits to sterilize with.”
He packed both limbs in snow to try and fight the swelling and bloodletting. Both legs were already split open, a single bone protruded one, while the other was smashed beyond repair. The rich, dark blood welling in the open wound. That one had to come off, there was no way around it. He could not look Ormr in the eye as he said again, “He will need something to bite on, or he will lose his tongue.”
His master laughed heartily, as he took the saw offered to Ben, then he sneered, “Let him lose it, he will have no need for it when I am through.” The king’s patience was starting to wear thin as he gestured towards his victim, and issued a warning growl, for this to get started.
Ben ignored the reply and instead crammed a leather strap into Sorren’s mouth as he circled the rack, instructing one of the henchmen to hold it in place. Thus far his reasoning had worked. If Ormr truly wanted to learn this it would have to be on Ben’s terms. “I cannot have my concentration broken by his screaming. If you want this to work I need full cooperation.” He held his master’s gaze now as they both leaned on the racks.  “The leg on your side needs to come off. I will instruct you as I work.” 
As the once impressive Joutone fought and flailed through the pain of the procedure, Ben muscled through it. Between instructions on removing the shattered limb and the intense surgery he was performing on the salvageable one, the work seemed to last forever. Sorren finally passed out from the pain giving Ben the break he so badly needed to finish the work.
When it was through Ben turned to a couple of the guards that had aided in the procedure. “He will need someplace more suitable to heal. These racks will not do.”
Ormr tossed his tools to the side and washed the blood from his hands laughing, “He will be put to death later, why bother?”
Through gritted teeth and closed eyes Ben replied, “How will you know it worked?”
The question drew pause. It was a good one. This would all be for nothing if the warrior did not actually heal and they had spent hours out here in the cold. Still the issue he had put bounty on the merchant for was at hand. “He is a traitor. Traitors must be put to death or they will do it again.”
“You just saved his life, why would he betray you now?” Ben wiped the blood from his own hands, his eyes now fixed on the boy in chains across the square. What would come of him if his father were to die? “How about a little insurance?”
Ormr followed Ben’s gaze, turning around to see the boy there, “The cub? What good is he other than bait?”
“He is young, healthy, intelligent. Let me train him. If he starts young he will be like me, and will be loyal to the bone if you spare his now crippled old father. What good is the old merchant now? He will not be able to fight or betray you on your own soil. And with his son under my guidance I can insure obedience from his mouth.” Ben offered his hand for the king to take or refuse. The work they had done was a lot to absorb. Would the king let the man die for the sake of his pride?
Ormr snatched it up eagerly to reward his slave for the work he had just done. “I like you human. I like how you think.” He turned to his guards. “Release them both and bring Sorren to the palace. Give them a room in the dungeons till we can find a woman or elder to dump them on.” 
As soon as the king disappeared into the palace Vaughn was released. The cub sped across the courtyard wrapping himself around Ben’s waist. “Thank you! You are so merciful. I am forever in your debt, human! I will be a good student I swear, if you just teach me to heal my father as you did.”
It took him a few seconds to pry the boy off, “It’s alright. I will check on him as soon as I can. I must join the king and we will start on your lessons in the morning.” Ben followed the king into the palace, wondering how he was ever going to learn to cope with the bat-shit crazy leader.

Chapter 17

Within weeks Ben had established a very rigid routine of dragging Vaughn with him on rounds throughout the village. His day started with the most acute patients and he worked his way through the day to those who could least afford his services. 
By the end of the day his two guards were so ready to end their shift that they did not care what he took for payment. They would snatch up grain, weapons and tools whenever possible, but towards the end of his shift, they no longer cared and he could get away with knickknacks and even stale bread from one elderly widow. He would split his rations with Vaughn most days, being sure to leave enough for the boy to take home for his father as well.
Ormr enjoyed the human’s company but his fondness for hunting and visiting various traders around the islands drew him away from home enough to warrant the human being granted a cottage. It was far cheaper to house him in a one room building than pay a full staff to cater to one slave. 
Ben’s home was in the village square, and right beside the dreaded racks. The screams rattled his nerves all day and the groans of pain and fear haunted him throughout the nights. Finally an elder whose only crime was not paying tax, lay bound and helpless. The damage to him was far beyond repair and the thought of them dragging his death out for another minute was not something Ben could swallow anymore. 
When his two guards fell asleep for the night he climbed out of his back window stumbled through the darkness heading towards the racks. There the elder lay, he was in far too much pain to know Ben was there, not fully awake, yet unable to pass out, the fur and flesh had been burned along the beast’s arms and legs. His fingers gone with the exception of one and his pants had been removed for the warriors to begin their work tomorrow. The elder’s bowels had let go and he lay on the racks in his own waste. A sad and pitiful way to die. 
Despite the fact that he knew he would be giving them man relief the deed was not easily done. If he were home there is nothing that would stop him from saving the soul in front of him. No effort exhausted. Pain relief and help were so easy to grant in his former life. Here there was no such thing. His Hippocratic Oath was little more than a fairy tale wish in this world. To these people the only oath that mattered was the unsaid oath you take to serve your king.
Ben would spend the rest of his days fighting that oath in any way he could. Even if it meant spending his own last days strapped to these racks. The strength to put the old man to death did not come from the pity he had for that creature. It came from the will to deny Ormr the right of watching yet another victim suffer. He wound a rope around his wrists. Closed his eyes and swallowed the pain of what he was about to do. 
Pulling it tight Ben dropped to his knees and whispered into the ear of his victim, “I’m so sorry. If there was anything I could do to save you I would. I won’t let you suffer another breath of torture.”
The moaning stopped for all of a second. The steam from the elder’s breath disappeared from the air. He could not see who was by his ear, but the words brought a tear of relief, and the only word of Joutone he knew, “Phomia, human.” His thanks came through gritted teeth and a pitchy whine. There would be no other sound. Ben could not risk it drawing attention. He wrapped the rope around the elder’s neck, and drew backwards throwing all his weight into it.
The warrior’s limbs shaking as his life left his body, the only way to silence him was to snap the neck and it took everything Ben had to do it. When the man’s body went limp Ben collapsed to the ground, laying on the cobble stone till he could muster up his will to move, and taking with him the evidence of the crime he had just committed.
The guards found the lifeless corpse in the morning, and to Ben’s relief they assumed he had died of his own wounds. Considered weak for not lasting another day of pain and humiliation. 
Ormr saw the group gathered round the corpse and stopped to inspect monetarily. He complimented the warriors that had done the work on the victim, then sneered at Ben, “You are to join me in the palace for dinner. We have much to discuss, leave your flea behind.”
After watching the leader disappear into the crowd Ben signaled to Vaughn to go play. He returned to his cottage to bath and pack his medical bag, just in case he would need it. A few hours later he was shown into the great hall to await his master. The table already set, hours had passed without so much as a sign the king would show. Knowing better than to touch the place setting without the spoiled king eating first, Ben sat in front of the dimming fire and instead opened his bag to pull out a ration of meat. No sooner had he snapped a piece off than his master finally dashed into the room half out of his mind.
He was livid with one of his guards, spewing profanities in Joutone, none of which Ben could make out. The guard dared curse back as Ormr stood staring at the spread on the table, it was almost as if he had forgotten he had company tonight, then he turned to see Ben in the corner toying with a piece of dried seal meat in his fingers. 
The guard only meant to step into his king’s space to continue the conversation and before he could step back he was fending off the sword of the king. In one swift motion, Ormr had removed his blade from his belt and swung full force towards the guard, leaving him little room for error or escape the warrior spun backwards to avoid contact and another blow. With the second spin the blade made contact with the wall behind the warrior’s head there was nowhere to back up, he was pinned with the edge of the sword at his throat. “You expect me to do business with that coward?”
The warrior grunted through the pain and gritted his teeth, “The reward is worth it. A prize you have long sought, and deserved.”
Ormr calmed after a moment of reflection, and released the warrior. Whatever the prize was, Ben would not be privy to it. The answer came in Joutone and Ormr was now gloating over it. He sheathed his weapon and pointed to the human, ordering him returned to the cottage for the evening. As Ben was hauled to his feet Ormr issued him an order. “Get some rest, Human, you will need it.”
In the wee hours of the morning his two guards hauled him out of bed, barely allowing him time to dress. Thinking they were on the way to the palace, he quickly found himself shoved towards the sea walls instead. 
They were leaving the Island. For the first time since he arrived, he was being brought to the boats. The thought occurred to him that he might be used as payment of some sort and wondered what could be so valuable as to wager your only healer. 
Ormr was not in the same boat as him, so there was no opportunity to question the leader and Ben’s eyes got big as saucers when they hit shore to find King Freyr waiting there. Freyr had two warriors with him and neither were men Ben had ever seen before. He wasn’t really sure what to think and simply kept his mouth shut and waited to see what was going on.
Freyr let off a warning growl as Ben exited the boat, clearly it was the first time he had heard his former slave was alive, but before the rival king’s guard could do anything Ormr stormed off the stern of his boat and shoved Freyr off. “We are here for your wares not mine. If you do not produce as promised this will end quickly.” 
The intimidation worked, Freyr had no concern now for Ben, and swallowed before answering, “You are sure he will come for them first? Should he attack me first I will be helpless.”
Ormr released him, nearly dropping him to the ground, “That he has not killed you yet baffles me. He should have done it two years ago. He will come for them, too crazed to care for you. Where are they?”
Freyr straightened his coat and pointed towards the village, “In the cottage. I could not take a chance in anyone seeing us with them.”
Quietly Ben followed the men back to a cottage, they stopped outside the door to discuss something. Ormr turned to him, “Go in there and make sure they are of decent quality to sell. I will not buy damaged goods.” The comment was directed at Ben but it was clearly meant for Freyr’s ears. 
 What he found in there were Genevieve and Lúta bound and gagged. Lúta squirmed like crazy when she saw him. Tears immediately started pouring out of her eyes. Ben dashed to her side and loosened the gag on her mouth, “Oh God, what have they done to you? Listen, I don’t know how but I promise I’m going to get you guys out of this. I didn’t know what I was being brought here for, I swear.”
Genevieve wiggled and Ben loosened her gag, “Can you get Jocelyn out of here? They do not know she is in here.”
“Dear God, where is she?” His eyes were large with worry. 
“She is under the sink basin. Bring her to the cottage behind mine. There is an elderly woman there that watches her when I run errands. She will hold her till my husband returns.”
Trying to think quickly he emptied his medical bag on the bed and covered the contents with the blanket. Then he opened the cabinet under the basin and saw the tiny girl huddled in a ball, in tears but too scared to make a sound. His breath almost left his chest as he reached for her, “Stay quiet, Jocelyn, I’m going to get you someplace safe, okay?”
He placed the satchel over his shoulder then returned to adjust the gags, “I’m so sorry. If they see you are loosened they may retaliate.” 
He stood just as the door opened and Freyr stepped in. “I assume all is well?”
“Yes, sir, they look to be in good health.” Ben replied. 
“Excellent!” Ormr grinned after over hearing and headed back out the door, his pitchy voice nearly giddy with excitement.
Ben stepped out quietly and strolled behind the building. One of Ormr’s guards called to him, “Where are you going?”
“Oh, sorry, it’s just been a long trip. I thought I should relieve myself before we head back.” He drove the point home by rubbing his belly as if in agony.
The guard rolled his eyes and ushered to him to hurry.
He darted around the back looking for the cottage cursing the fact that there was three.  He tried the first door he came to and luckily, it was the right one. “Here, hide her please.” 
The woman looked wide-eyed and horrified, “What are they doing over there? They have been in there all day.”
“They are doing the unthinkable and I swear I am going to do all I can to fix it, but for now you need to hide this girl. She will be in danger if she goes with us. Please.” The old woman accepted the bag from him and closed the door.
On the trip back Ormr rode with Ben and the women so that he could admire his prizes. Ben sat staring out at the ocean the entire time. He fought himself hard to keep his eyes off Lúta; to show no emotion. Ormr watched his struggle with curiosity, “Is something wrong, Benjamin?” Ben hated hearing his first name spoken by this monster. He knew it to be a mind game. While all the other creatures addressed him as human, Ormr meant to use the courtesy to gain his trust, but to do nothing but evil with it. He fought hard to steady his breathing and act as if his mind were simply preoccupied as opposed to bothered. “You do know he will come for her, do you not?”
The comment drew Ben’s attention immediately, “Do you think?” He answered almost sarcastically. He could now feel Genevieve’s eyes burning into him, as she lay bound at the bottom of the boat. He threw his gaze back out over the ocean to keep himself from falling victim to the games that were being played at his expense. 
“Are you sure you and Mâvis are enemies? You look bothered.” Ormr was eying Ben intently now. 
Ben answered with a stone cold ice stare and then ripped opened his shirt. He didn’t need to answer. The action alone drew a wide grin from the King as he admired the scar from the arrow, “Yes, I know that pain, Ben, like your heart has been ripped from your chest,” Ormr turned his gaze to Genevieve, “Do I not, Darling?” He reached to brush her cheek with his claws. She flinched from his touch and it drew another mild chuckle from him. 
A few hours later Ormr walked the women past his village square, allowing the ladies to stop and take a long look at everything that was going on. “Now if you think that escape may be an option just look at those who have tried before you.” Their eyes watered as they waited watched the atrocities being performed there.
The guards then led them to a room for safekeeping while Ormr and Ben went to the great room for dinner. A few hours and drinks later Ben was allowed to see the women. Genevieve practically flew across the floor with her claws flared open, ready to do some serious damage, “I will gut you, human!” Her rage showed through even to her color.
Lúta rushed to get between the two of them to hold Genevieve off, “Let him speak, Genie!”
He stepped back to give her some space, “Genevieve, I swear to you I had no clue why I was brought to the island. I would take an eternity on Ormr’s racks to save Lúta from one moment on them.”
“Then why did you sell my husband out to him?” She covered her mouth and choked back a sob in fear of his response. Mâvis had done so many horrible things to him, why wouldn’t Ben seek revenge?
“How did I sell him out? I had no clue...I mean it, no clue. Believe me when I say the opportunity would not be lost on me. But it would be lost on bringing harm to you and especially Lúta.”
He turned to Lúta, “I have been here for months, I have earned Ormr’s trust. I swear I will get you both out of here.” He pulled her close for a kiss, then released her and looked at Genevieve, “The elderly woman was in the first cottage I went to. Your daughter is safe with her I hope?”
Her eyes erupted in tears at the thought that Ben was truly trying to help her and she could see the pain on his face as his heart broke for her. “Yes, yes she is. Thank you, I am sorry for reacting as I did, honestly I am.” 
“No, Genevieve, don’t be sorry, be strong. I have to go. I’ll be back tomorrow, I swear.” With that he left.
The next day he came back and both the women were gone. Ben immediately flew down to the great hall looking for Ormr; as he got close, Ormr and a man he had never seen before exited the room. They were deep in a jolly discussion, “Well the women will do, Ormr. I am glad I made the journey, my men are bringing up the trade goods as we speak.”
Ormr growled with pride, “Excellent! 
Ben then followed Ormr into the great hall. “I hope all worked out well.” His question was more of a way to decipher what was happening and who this individual was that had just left.
“All went well for sure, Ben.” Ormr sized up Ben’s reaction, to see the slave pleased with such an act was exiting. The thought of spending the evening celebrating crossed the king’s mind. “You will spend the night here, I have already secured entertainment.  The elder you killed last night had three daughters. They were secured in my chambers before I left this morning.” 
That caught Ben off guard, as Ormr expected it would. The human let his goblet slide through his finger to find a spot on the table as he scooped up his fork to start on his food. Anything to keep from eye contact with the king. “I am sorry, sir. He degraded you on my last visit to his cottage. I could not bear the thought of seeing him continue to breath. I only wish I could continue the rage I took on him last night.”
“That is impressive, you most certainly can continue it on his daughters if you like.”
Ben cleared his throat, over the thought of hurting those innocent women. “Sir, I meant on his corpse.” Now he offered the eye contact he was fighting off moments ago. He needed to assess if Ormr understood the request, and to his surprise he found a hint of disgust on the king’s face.
“You want the carcass? Whatever for?”
“I am trained on healing humans, sir. There are many differences between us. I need a specimen to take apart in order to see how best to heal your warriors. I also need something to teach my apprentice on.”
Ormr suddenly lost his appetite. He stood quickly and snatched his goblet off the table, tossing over his shoulder as he left, “I certainly underestimated you, Benjamin. I will have the carcass delivered tonight.” Both of Ben’s guards cringed on the orders they had just received. It gave the king reason to pause on his way out, “You take issue with the request?”
They both straightened out and one replied, “Of course not.” As soon as Ormr left they both sneered in disgust at Ben. He simply grinned and toasted them as they left to retrieve the body.


Chapter 18

Lúta sat on the bed watching Genevieve pace the floor, she had never seen her friend so nervous. To calm her own nerves she reached for the teapot the chambermaids had just left. Genie saw what she was doing and growled bringing Lúta to a halt. “It has sour root in it, can you not smell it?”
Lúta snatched her hand back as if the pot were too hot to touch. The root was common amongst Joutone women, it was used to relax them before mating with a newly betrothed. “I-I do smell it. I am sorry I am just so scared.”
Genie snapped back, “You? You are scared? My cub has never been away from me for more than an hour and now I may never see her again.” Genie lost all breath and broke into a sob as she nearly collapsed to the floor. Lúta sprung up and steered her to the bed. No words were needed. Jocelyn was everything to Genie, and the thought of seeing them torn apart was unbearable. Lúta’s arms circled around her friend’s neck and she pulled Genie into a loving embrace just letting her sob into her bosom, until she could right herself.
The comfort would not last long. They were interrupted by two guards coming in. The General was one of them. A tall brooding warrior with several battle scars and arrogant demeanor. His stale, black fur was thick and raggedy, with some grey around his mouth and eyes to give off is age. He addressed the petite fawn in front of him. “One of you bred a cub, which is it?” He expected her to answer verbally but all he got was a hiss as she backed up, shielding Genie with her own body. 
Genevieve stood, unafraid of him, “My cub was human, I stole her! If you are looking for breeders you have the wrong women!”
Diek belted Lúta for her defiance and snatched up Genie’s arm, dodging a swipe from her other hand and narrowly escaping her claws he pinned both of her arms from behind while the second guard plucked Lúta off the floor as she kicked and screamed. As soon as he secured her arms Diek shouted an order in Joutone and an elder woman with a mean disposition entered the room. She paused, assessing both the women and reached for Lúta’s blouse, tearing it open. “If they have born a cub they will milk.”
Lúta, struggled, and fought uselessly in the warrior’s arm as the elder gave her breast a quick squeeze. Not even a hint of moisture. Diek, did not wait for the woman to open Genie’s blouse, he was all too willing to do it himself. Upon checking her breast the elder woman’s face softened into a devious smile. “Looks like we have a new queen.”
Genie snapped back, “My first order will be for your death.” Genie was strong, and nearly slipped the grip of the guard. 
“I think not. That is my mother, and the king will give you no power, you are just to give him an heir. After that I do with you as I please. He is my mate.” Diek shoved her forward stopping only to admire the puny little Joutone that he had just belted. Taking her swollen chin in his hand and letting off a purr. “Perhaps if you behave I will keep you as servant to my new wife.” 
She remained ever so calm and the moment he let her go she clenched her teeth into his hand. He ripped it out of her mouth and slammed her out into the hallway. His elbow planted painfully into the back of her neck while he twisted her arm up until he could shackle her from behind. He growled softly in her ear, “Oh, I like it when you fight me. I cannot wait to get you home.” A moment later Genie was pinned up against the same wall being shackled. 
The two of them shoved out of the chamber wing towards the halls. Two other guards waited for them, Diek ordered, “They are to be brought to the Lysthus. Vidar is waiting for them already.” Both guards sneered in acknowledgment of the orders and marched the bound women out of the palace. Two guards held the door open as they came out and entered to begin their shifts, one of them caught Genie’s attention, immediately…and she his.
Avarr was not sure it was her at first but as they passed each other he could not help but look back over his shoulder. Mavis would never sell his wife, she would never escape him if he were alive, was she stolen, or was his brother dead?
The women were brought to the tower at the center of the village. The incredible structure was impressive, and inside Vidar waited patiently for his new bride. They were both deposited on the floor and their chains removed. He poured a goblet each. It had spirits in it and more sour root. He offered one up to whoever would take it first. “I-I have never done this before. It was Diek’s idea.” His tone gentle and patient.
Both of the women rubbed the pain from their wrists, and neither had any interest in the concoction in his hand. Again he motioned to it. “Did he chose a bride? He was supposed to choose first. I cannot go against him.”
Genie stuck her chin out as her mouth dropped open, was this meek ruler as timid as a squirrel? He may be usable. She wet her lips and stepped forward only to watch him cower. He was pitiful. She closed the distance and ripped the goblet from his hand, delighting in what a lamb he was. “You do not know who I am, do you?”
His eyes were closed as he was not sure what the cursed female would do. She simply gloated as she took a long swig of the potent drink. She wiped her mouth and shot the goblet into the fire place as she yanked up her skirt and shoved the timid king onto the chair. “It is a queen you want, then a queen you shall have.” Her hand went right for his throat as she straddled his lap. “Do you want me?” He was hesitant and trembling between her thighs. He had not expected her to be so dominant, and it was exciting him more than he thought it would. “Answer me you wolf!”
His claws trembled to free himself from his britches so that he could experience her fully. Her claws tightened on his throat, drawing a pause from him. He squeaked out, “Very much, my queen.”
“Then Lúta serves me in the palace, or I take your guard instead!” Her demand sounded fair. Of course they would want to stay together, they were stolen together.
Vidar licked his lips, “I will afford her a role in the laundry. I will not risk you two conspiring against me, but she will be paid well.”
“The kitchen or you get nothing.” Her hot box had him lost for words as he felt it pressing against his bare shaft. With the thought of Diek coming in and finding him enjoying himself, or worse, taking the feisty critter for his own pleasure he needed to answer and quickly. Surely she would make some strong headed cubs, she was beyond fit for queen. 
He bit his lips and buried his cock in her, “As you wish, my love!”
She made quick work of the disgusting beast and could not get off of his lap quick enough. She righted her skirts and before she could finish, Diek was in the Lysthus locking the door behind himself. Vidar was fixing his pants while Diek assessed what was happening. “You could not wait for my shift to finish?” He sneered, “At least you picked the right one, the other is barren.”
The warrior could not wait to bed the puny woman. She would be sure to take care in how she behaved after this. Lúta backed up panicked and, she nearly tripped on a chair, while Genie had to think quickly. She turned back to Vidar, “She is mine, you will not let her bed another in front of me.”
Both warriors took pause. Women rarely displayed affection for one another in front of  a male. This would be an interesting evening indeed. Vidar stood straightening himself, almost hesitant to issue an order but the curiosity about where his new bride would take him was over whelming, “Very well, she is yours tonight. But she goes home with her husband in the morning.”
Lúta’s mind raced as she tried to assess what Genie was up to. Genie handed her the goblet with the Sour root. She swooped up her friend in her arms and coaxed the cup to her lips, whispering into her ear, “It’s me Lúta, would you prefer him?”
She was so scared. The thought of spending her nights with that monster, were overwhelming, but most certainly he would show off with an audience. Especially after her resistance in the palace. Lúta took a drink and snuggled into her best friend’s embrace, cringing as she saw Diek bend the king over the table to take his pleasure. Their horrid nightmare only seemed to be beginning, and Genie cupped Lúta’s face in her hands again whispering, “I saw Mavis’s brother as we were leaving the palace. I will be safe if I am queen, I will bargain for you to be sold to Avarr, I swear. He has always been loyal to Mavis he will see you cared for.”
Lúta bit back her tears, and fear as the drink started working its magic. Her best friend’s touch was so soothing. A simple kiss to coax Lúta into playing along, quickly turned into comfort they both needed so badly. She forgot about the horrid couple on the table and let her worries disappear with the caressing from her friend. 
Vidar was so involved in what was happening on the other side of the Lysthus that he had all but lost interest in what Diek was doing. The dominant Joutone woman was a perfect match for him, and he could not wait to submit to her again. Even watching her with her puny female mate was exiting and Diek grew jealous of the display, shoving off of his lover and taking Lúta from Genie’s grip. He planted a possessive kiss on Lúta’s lips, effectively sealing their marriage, and shoved her towards the door. “I will leave the two of you to get further acquainted.” He paused at the door, “She delivers us a cub or I kill this one.”
As soon as Diek left Genie whipped around, livid. “You will stand for that?”
He put up one hand backing away from the now dangerously angry woman, “I am king by name only. It is Diek that rules. He has for a long time.”
“He does no more! If you wed me I will have him killed. You make your choice and you make it now! I am your queen or he is!” Her rage showed straight through to her color, her mouth and chin both firm with anger. The king slinked along the edge of the table, truly willing to serve her if she was capable of delivering the head of Diek.
“And how would you manage that, exactly?” 
To let on her relationship to the palace guard would be dangerous. She needed to survive this to get Jocelyn back and to let on too much information would put her in a disadvantage. She had to be sure he would submit to her entirely. He was close enough to wet his lips and prepare for hers, half hoping he could still taste her lover on hers. The kiss was short. A simple necessity to bind their relationship. As soon as their lips made contact, Genie shoved his head back, “You get more from me when my lover is secure.”
As soon as they left the tower the guards whisked her back to the palace. Vidar followed closely behind to ensure no one hurt her and when she was in the family wing he scurried in behind the guards. He paced the floor momentarily, trying to think out loud. “This is temporary as you know. I swear I am yours my queen. I just have to be sure you are loyal to me as I am to you.”
On realization he was about to lock the door she flew into a rage and hurled a vase at him. One of the guards slapped it out of the air to the ground. She yelled past the warrior, “You cannot keep your word a single night! How do you expect me to believe you will keep it at all?”
“You will see, my queen, I promise.” With that he bowed out. 
As soon as the door locked Genie melted to her knees. Her rage, and fear and disgust over bedding that filthy creature boiling over all at once. There was no way of knowing if Lúta was safe or if that monster was hurting her in other ways. She cried into the night. Come morning the doors opened and two guards and three chambermaids were let in.
Before they finished cleaning the suite the elder that had accompanied Diek last night marched in her head high. She issued a few orders to her young charges and in a flurry of activity the women finished the last of their duties and poured out of the room. Quietly she nodded to one of the guards and he left momentarily to return with Lúta. 
Genie gasped in horror at her friend’s face. Diek had taken a rage on her last night and she silently swore his death would be cruel. It was Diek’s mother who stood admiring the jaw dropping work her son had done.  His little wife was so obedient and humbled now. The old woman addressed her new queen, “Vidar says she is to work in the palace. I think a peasant girl would be far more fitting in the laundry.”
Genie snapped back, “She is wed to a general, she should be on my staff. But if she is to labor it will be in the kitchen.”
“The kitchen it is. I will not have her prancing around the court like she deserves to be there. You know very well she is only here because of you. Diek will not tolerate that for long. You deliver them a cub or I replace you with someone who will.”
“How dare you talk to your queen this way?”
The old woman laughed her way out of the room, “You are the third one since summer. I suggest you produce, or there will be a fourth.” The door shut and locked behind her sealing their fates.


Chapter 19

Ben washed the blood from his hands and packed his medical bag. The battle that happened last night must have been extensively vicious as most of the injuries he saw were either fatal or crippling. The work he endured lasted most of the day and even then, there weren’t many victims he could save. 
As evening approached, he was finally being escorted back to his cottage by two guards. Something caught his eye however as he passed through the square. There were a few carts with some of the warriors from Freyr’s village that had been captured, laying bound on them. 
It was clear that some of them were dead already and some of them were merely awaiting their fates at the hands of their captors. One of the warriors definitely caught his attention. Mâvis lay bound tightly face down. His fingers were bloody as his claws had been cut off and there was an arrow protruding from his shoulder. 
Ben did not attempt to pause and look longer. Ormr was right there gloating over the capture. Ben just continued on to his hut along with his two guards in tow. As night fell, a rather drunk doctor found himself climbing out of the window in the back. He chuckled to himself as he passed the two guards lying asleep against his door.   
He approached the cart clumsily and noticed a glimmer in the warrior’s eyes, “My goodness you are alive, I can see why ‘his majesty’ was so happy now. After discovering for myself what a charming and delightful gentleman you are I can only imagine what has these men wanting to ki’ kill you so badly.” His speech was heavily slurred.
Ben pulled out a very well sharpened hunting knife and jammed it into the wood in front of Mâvis’s eyes and using it to steady himself a bit. The doctor watched intently to see if he would even blink. Not seeing the slightest reaction he continued talking, “Now let’s see, since I arrived in this wretched world you have tried to kill me no less than three times and actually left me for dead at least once. Looks like you rode the karma wagon all the way here didn’t you buddy? Quite literally too.” He haphazardly slapped his hand on the cart to emphasize his pun.
Next Ben opened his knapsack and pulled out an alcohol jug and some tools. He plucked the knife off the wagon and started shaving hair around the arrow in Mâvis’s shoulder. “Also since I arrived here I have been to no less than three of these God forsaken villages and in each and every one I hear of the great and mighty Mâvis and of his loyalty and invincibility. Yet here you are betrayed and tied like a gift just waiting for one of your enemies to open up.” He picked up the jug of vodka and bit the stopper out of it with his teeth before pouring it over the wound and then stopping to take a swig of the liquor himself. 
The burn drew a grunt from Mâvis and Ben stopped for a second to enjoy the reflection of pain in his eyes, “Oh that hurts doesn’t it? I wish I had something to numb the pain, that way I could set it right here for you to admire while I operate, cause I sure as hell wouldn’t waste a drop of it on you, you son of a bitch.” He opened his switchblade, “You know there was once a very famous war general who was quoted as saying keep your friends close and your enemies closer. This is why a man like Freyr would keep a lumbering ogre like yourself under his employ. To know where you are and what you are up to. The noble king you so loyally defend sold you out quite literally. He served your wife up as bait and told Ormr you would be by to collect her. Although I have to admit it took you long enough, the women left weeks ago.”
Taking another swig off the jug, he put it down and started carving into Mâvis’s shoulder. He took a little pride seeing the beast draw in and hold his breath. “I’m sorry, does that hurt? Oh, yes back to our discussion. You see Freyr is what humans like to call a pussy. He is not strong enough to fight his own battles, so he hires thugs and missionaries to handle his bidding for him. That is exactly what you are Mâvis, a hired thug. I have dealt with many a thug in my life and it is always a matter of time before they are served the same meal they dish out.”
Ben leaned over the shoulder to get try and get a closer look. With the moon as his only source of light, he gave up quickly and opted to poke around in the hole a bit until he found what he was looking for as Mâvis cringed and grunted in pain. Finally Ben cheered, “AH! There it is! I knew it! Just a hair off a very important bloodline, sir. Had you just ripped this out we would not be even having this lovely reunion right now.” The arrow was tossed on the cart in front of Mâvis.
“Now tell me, Mâvis, why do you think I would be out here risking my life to save your worthless ass? I mean you must know for sure that you don’t deserve me wasting a single breath on you. You certainly didn’t waste one on me as you yanked that arrow from my back. Do you think it is because I’m nuts? Or perhaps drunk?”
  He chuckled to himself, “Well, you would be correct on the latter. But no, sir, the reason I am out here getting myself killed is because I have a soft spot for humans. It just so happens that I saved one not that long ago from even seeing this God awful, wretched place. When my captors dragged me back to Freyr’s village where I was forced to assess both your wife and mine for sale. I found her tucked away in a cabinet. I snuck her out in my medical bag and brought her to an elderly woman’s home just behind yours. I wish I knew her name but unfortunately I didn’t even have time to ask.”
The doctor picked up a sewing needle and thread and set about closing up the wound, “I would like to say that I know where the women went. However, I saw them only the one night. I went back to check on them in the morning they were sold already. I do know it was to a king I have not met before and that he is not from either island, as I overheard it took them a full day or so to get here by boat.”
Ben went for the hunting knife again, “Here is where I find myself conflicted with my better judgment of self-preservation versus my mushy heart in caring for humans.” He climbed onto the cart, straddled the back of Mâvis’s legs and started cutting at the tightly bound ropes. “If that little girl is to survive she will need you. I certainly can do nothing to help her in this world.” The last of the ropes gave way and Mâvis’s gigantic arms flopped to his side. Ben climbed down and packed his belongings to leave.
“Listen, if you find the women please tell Lúta I loved her.” With that, he turned and started walking back to his hut. He made it all of a few steps before he was knocked out cold.
Mâvis scooped up Ben’s limp body and hurried out of the village. Having grown up on this island, he knew the cliffs well and spent much of his youth climbing them with his brother and his friends. He made quick work of descending the walls. Going back and forth between the trail and jagged cliffs as best he could with his wounded shoulder and a human in tow.
He made it to the rocky shore and found a small boat to steal. A few hours later he hit Freyr’s shore and hauled the human out before flipping and sinking the vessel, to leave no trace of his landing there. 
When Ben finally woke, he was bound and gagged on a table, “Dear God!” He thought to himself, he must be on one of those horrible racks. Then he became more lucid and realized he was inside some place.
 Mâvis sat on a chair inches from Ben’s face braiding some fabric together and testing its strength a few times before continuing with the work. He growled out, “Oh good, you are awake.” Ben wondered how he knew that, because Mâvis never even looked at him. “I was starting to wonder if I may have hit you a little too hard.”
 He took the hunting knife Ben had used on him the night before and sliced through the fabric he was working on, then tied it off in a knot. Mâvis then crammed the knife into the table in front of Ben’s eyes just as Ben had done the night before. Suddenly the memory of the evening’s events flooded back and he could hear his own heart pounding in his ears.
“Jocelyn, come eat. We are leaving soon.”  The warrior said as he watched his daughter.
The cheery three year old darted over to him and accepted a bite from strip of dry meat, chewing it as she eyed Ben cautiously. “Papa,” She pointed at the creature on the table, “Is human? Papa?”
Mâvis started packing a small assortment of supplies, “Yes, love, he is human. Now let him be.” He finished his work and took out a strip of the jerky for himself.  Before turning towards the table, pulling the knife out and running his finger up and down the blade, “So human, that was quite the conversation we had last night. Should we pick up where we left off?”  He reached up and cut the gag from Ben’s mouth. Then waited for an answer while eyeing him intensely.
Ben chuckled nervously, “I may have been a bit inebriated last night I don’t quite recall where we left off.”
“How are you alive?” The growl that followed sent chills down Ben’s spine.
“Could be a bit of Irish luck in my gene pool somewhere I’m sure. I do hope you wouldn’t kill me in front of your daughter.”
 Mâvis reached up and grabbed a fist full of Ben’s hair pulling back until he was sure there was just enough pain to bring fear into the man.  Then he laid the knife on the table and fixated his gaze into Ben’s eyes as if to search for something, “Someone must show her how to do it. Now, you said you did not know the man who bought my wife. Is that true?”
Ben responded through gritted teeth, “I wish I could say that I knew him. But had I met him before I would remember. He, he bought my wife as well.”
“Do you serve Ormr willingly?” Mâvis unconsciously tightened his grip with his own words drawing rage from him. Seeing Ben cringe from the pain, he then loosened up a bit and searched the man’s face for his answer.
“Never.” Ben grunted against the pain. “I serve no one willingly.”
“No one? Really?” Mâvis thought on what Ben had just said. The creature had just saved his life, and saved his daughter’s life already. He couldn’t leave him on Ormr’s island to face death. Releasing him would just lead to Freyr or King William capturing him and using him for his powers. That is even if he didn’t fall victim to the island’s many other dangers. Enslaving the human was the only way to keep him alive at this point, but getting him through the islands with no title would be a challenge all on its own. Mâvis released Ben and picked up the knife again, “Do you love your wife, human? Do you ever want to see her again?” He cast his sights back on the blade, as if not to even care how this question was answered.
“Yes, yes, of course I do.” Ben struggled in his ropes in fear of where this was leading.  
“That is good. I do believe King William owes you a favor.” Mâvis used the knife to drive Ben’s chin up, “I do not have time to waste on frivolous attempts to escape. If I let you live, then you serve me willingly. Is that understood?” Mâvis watched carefully for any indication Ben would respond in false. 
Instead, the human surprised him, “Well if I’ve learned one thing since I’ve arrived here it is that I make an excellent servant, why should I give up the profession now?”
The comment drew a scowl from Mâvis, “Do you mock me?”
“Never, but perhaps I would be more useful untied?”
Mâvis stood up and rolled Ben onto his stomach to cut the ties on his hands and feet. “You may pack what you need from my supplies we will not be returning here.” He then tossed Ben a sack followed by something that looked like bundled rope. “That is a tree sling, to keep you off the ground as you sleep. We are too few in number to sleep on the ground. The animals would feast on you.”
Ben made a run through of the kitchen supplies, looking for any herbs that had medicinal use and he made quick work of filling his flask. He tossed a few hand tools in the sack and a small bag of dried apple slices he found in a cabinet. “I’m ready.”
Mâvis slung the item he had been braiding over his shoulder and tied it off with a strap in the front. There was a large pocket and he opened it and tucked Jocelyn inside. Finally he grabbed his axe and opened the door then turned to Ben, “We must go, human.” His order trailed into a growl as he watched Ben leave in front of him.

Chapter 20

The first day of the trip was rather quiet. A few times Ben thought he was completely alone stopping to see no one around. At times the beast seemed to appear from nowhere, either shoving him onward or letting off a warning rumble for motivation. By evening Mâvis had disappeared for so long, Ben was sure that he’d been abandoned. He made his way into one of the giant trees and secured the rope-like object Mâvis had given him, which turned out to be a hammock. He prayed the night air would not leave him frozen to death. Finally, feeling like it was as secure as he could get it he crawled in, hoping for dear life that he could manage the apparatus without falling to his death in his sleep.
Come morning he climbed out of his cocoon and made his way down the tree to pack his things. A few moments later Mâvis dropped down from a neighboring tree startling Ben. 
Mâvis eyed him for a moment half irritated yet half amused over how jumpy the pitiful creature was. “You never flinch before.”
“Just thought I was alone, you caught me off guard.” 
The beast turned to go into the brush, “You are never alone here, you must remain on guard.” A few minutes later, he reappeared with his daughter wandering in front of him. He sat by the tree and she climbed into his lap. He opened a small sack and gave it to her. The little girl reached in and pulled out a fist full of dried berries, trying to shovel them into her mouth as a few escaped. Mâvis opened a second pouch and worked on some dried meat from it as he watched her eat. 
Ben continued packing his hammock as he spoke to Mâvis, “You disappeared most of the day yesterday, I thought maybe you had decided to continue on your own.”
Mavis barely let Ben finish when he snapped back, “Why would I do that, human?” His edgy temperament drew pause from Ben, and an instinctual urge to avoid eye contact. 
The behavior was instantly corrected with a warning growl, which also sparked a prompt answer. “I’m sorry, I only thought that perhaps I was slowing you down.” 
It took Ben a moment to understand what was happening with the awkward interaction. It became clear after a brief moment that Mavis was actually studying his mannerism's. It occurred to him that Mavis may in fact rely on the eye contact to communicate effectively. 
When the beast appeared to have all the information he needed he dropped his attention right back to the tiny girl in his lap. She shook her head, refusing the jerky he offered. “Jocelyn.” He scolded her and she obediently tugged a little bite off of the tough meat, chewing it while he took the opportunity to answer Ben. “I am sure you will keep better pace today.” With the remark being so dismissive Ben took it as a cue to continue packing.
Jocelyn took another bite off of the meat her father had waiting for her, and this time she took a sudden interest in something she had only recently noticed. “Papa, claws.” She followed the comment by stuffing the rest of her berries into her mouth to free up her own hands. Now she could  better assess what was different with his. “Claws?”
He chuckled, “You miss my claws? I miss them too, love.” 
For reference she examined her own hands, “Claws?” Then she glanced over towards Ben and back cautiously to her father a few times. Finally, she got brave climbing out of his lap and wandering over to inspect Ben’s hands, “Claws?” She looked cautiously at his hands, which he now noticed where shaking. He wasn’t sure how to react to her, fearing the wrong move would send Mâvis into a frenzy.
Mâvis sat silently chewing his jerky as he watched for Ben to respond to her. Finally getting fed up with his lack of action he growled, “You will humor her.”
Slowly Ben presented his hands for inspection and the little girl grabbed one and flipped it over a few times while comparing her own to his. She hadn’t even made eye contact with him as she kept her attention half focused on Mâvis.  Then staring down at the hands a few more seconds in complete fascination, “Claws.”
Ben chuckled nervously, “Yes, my hands are like yours.” His voice startled her and she peeled off to hide behind her father. She peered out from behind him to see if the monstrous human would do anything else.
Mâvis reached around her and tucked her back into his lap to offer her some water. She drank from the water-skin and eyed Ben intently as Mâvis chided her, “You are safe, Jocelyn.” He then addressed Ben, “We have a few more days travel ahead. I expect to make the stream by evening.” This came off as more of an order than a request.
“Well then, I better get a head start.” Ben stood and threw the satchel over his shoulder to start the journey. Mâvis offered up a strip of jerky as he passed by. Ben stopped for a second puzzled by kind gesture he accepted it, “Thank you.” Then he quietly went on his way.
Ben made good time most of the day but for this leg of the journey he found himself keeping close to the edge of the forest to prevent getting caught by hunters. He slowed a bit as he passed some vast ravines and beautiful meadows. The island had a wonderful character to it in the spring. The winter had dragged on for so long Ben was starting to wonder if there ever was a springtime here. 
He finally made it to the stream and set up camp in hopes Mâvis would show up. After a few hours passed, it was clear that he wasn’t coming. Ben unpacked his hammock to get ready for some rest.
Hearing a sound behind him, he turned half expecting to see Mâvis, but what he saw was three warriors approaching him quickly. The first one spoke, “A human out by himself in these woods? Do you even know what dangers await you here?”
Ben chuckled to himself briefly, thinking that so far danger had lurked at every corner of this strange place, woods or not. He tucked his hammock back into his satchel and stood to leave.
The first warrior stomped and snatching the bag from Ben’s hands, “Have you got anything of value human?”
He turned to walk away from his satchel rather than confront the creatures, “You are welcome to whatever you want. I’ll be on my way.” A spear sailed past Ben’s head and landed in a tree just above him. Out of sheer frustration over being a target yet again, he yanked the spear out and turned to face the monsters with it in hand. 
The second beast stepped forward laughing, “Very good, human, you mean to make this fun for us.” The creature took hold of the spear end and twisted it in and towards Ben’s body to confuse his stance. Then he yanked it out and landed it under Ben’s feet to send him to the ground. 
Ben scurried to prop himself up as the warrior flipped the spear around and took aim for the kill. The moment the spear looked ready for release an axe landed dead center in the beast’s chest. Before the body could even drop Mâvis ripped it back out and swung it full force into the next creature. The third looked on in horror before turning to run. Mâvis sent the axe sailing into his back and stomped over to retrieve it as the beast collapsed.
He flipped the last body over to be sure the man was dead then went back to the one warrior that had a weapon. He plucked the crossbow off the carcass and examined it for tension. Finally, he pulled an arrow from the quiver on the ground and took aim at a tree then he tossed the bow at Ben’s feet, “There, now you can defend yourself. Get up.”
Ben was still lying on the ground, completely dumbstruck by what just happened. He could see why Mâvis was so hard to defeat, unlike his counter parts, he had an unnatural animal like speed to his combat. The other warriors used mostly bulk and brawn to stomp around and do their bidding. Even with a freshly wounded shoulder Mâvis took down all three of his opponents with nearly no effort. It also occurred to Ben who had done the damage to all those warriors back at Ormr’s Island. 
All that brutality and merciless carnage was the work of this killing machine. How did they catch him? Mâvis is not the kind of monster one takes alive and they wanted him alive. Ormr meant for Mâvis to suffer on those racks. Ormr never had any interest in Genevieve, or he wouldn’t have sold her. No, his hatred for Mâvis ran far deeper than mere jealousy. 
Mâvis quickly washed his axe in the stream and glared at Ben, “Get up, human! Do you truly plan to wait until the wolves arrive to clean this mess?” He stormed over grabbing the satchel off the warrior that had stolen it and threw it at Ben as he scrambled to his feet. 
Ben silently threw the bag over his shoulder and picked up the crossbow to leave. Mâvis passed him with a disgusted glare and continued off for a few yards before stopping to reach up into a tree. Jocelyn scurried along the branch and made for her father’s open palm. This was something she must have been trained to do since infancy because she moved as if it was second nature. He plucked her off the branch and sat her on his shoulder as he continued walking.
A few hours later he stopped and turned to Ben, “We can rest.” Mâvis had tucked Jocelyn into her little carrier at some point along the way. He pulled it off and sat down laying it on his lap and opening it and to see if she was awake. She turned on her side pulling the cover back over herself. He brushed it back again and ran his finger up her cheek. His deep, husky voice in a purr as her tried to draw her awake. “Are you hungry? Wake up for your father, you can sleep later.”
Her eyes fluttered open at the sound of his voice and she slowly sat up and looked around before climbing off his lap. She accepted some water from him and eyed Ben as she drank. “Is human, Papa.” She pointed in the direction Ben was sitting as she looked back at her father. “Is human.”
He pulled out his bag of dried meat and offered her a piece. She wandered over and bit into it chewing it thoroughly before taking another bite off it. Ben watched the two of them casually as he pulled out the dried apples and made a go of them. Within a few seconds of him opening the sack Jocelyn noticed them and wandered over to see what he was eating. He smiled at her, “Do you like apples? They are very good for you.” He offered her the bag to take some but it was no use. The moment he spoke she took off back towards her father and hid behind him.
Mâvis reached up over his shoulder until he found her and lifted her back to his lap, letting her dangle off his fingers for a second before she released her grip and dropped. She immediately popped up and reached for his hand again wanting to dangle some more. He chuckled and picked her up, slowly opening his hand to let her drop. 
Ben ate a few more of the apples slices and then cinched up the bag dropping it at Mâvis’s feet before addressing him, “She is human, she needs more fruit to stay healthy. Meat is a poor diet for her kind.” Ben turned to climb the tree.
“Sit down, human.” Mâvis ordered as he opened the satchel and offered the little girl a few of the dried apple slices. Ben slouched in front of the tree he was ready to climb and pulled out the flask to take a swig. He sat silently waiting for his next order and watching Jocelyn eat and play. Mâvis finally broke the silence, “Tell me why is it in all the time you have been here you have yet to learn how to defend yourself?”
Ben chewed his inner lip for a second before responding, “I guess you could say I’m more of a lover than a fighter.” 
The comment drew a hearty laugh from Mâvis. It did not take him long to straighten up. However, he eyed Ben looking for a better answer as he offered up a piece of jerky.
“Not really sure how to answer that.” Ben accepted the meat and tore a bite off, “You know, Mâvis, I have been walking on the edge of death since I arrived in this God forsaken place. I guess one would think that I would have picked up some sort of combat skills during this time.”
Mâvis chewed on his own jerky as he listened, thinking quietly before he spoke, “Your wife was sold. She is most likely remarried already. How do you plan to get her back? You have nothing to negotiate with and that is even if her husband wishes to negotiate.”
“I guess I’ll have to cross that bridge when I get to it.” Ben stretched out his legs to cross them and lean back on the tree propping his arm up behind his head.
Still the question plagued Mavis. The human had to have some sort of survival skills. “I want to know how you survived after Bjorn shot you.” Mâvis said as he picked his teeth with his hunting knife.
“I was rescued by another human, an Asian man with wolves.”
The reply drew immediate pause from Mâvis, “The spirit trader? He lives in the trees does he not?”
“Yes, I recovered there for several weeks. I learned a lot from him, we spent most of the time drinking and feeding those blasted devil wolves.”
Mâvis laid Jocelyn on his lap and started caressing her hair, “So how did you escape him?”
Ben scoffed, “Escape? The son of a bitch sold me to Ormr.”
That comment drew a smirk from Mâvis, “You are lucky for that.”
“Lucky? Did you see that wretched place Ormr runs? I mean you were there. The stuff I witnessed, the stuff I was forced to do there will haunt me the rest of my days.”
Mâvis chuckled heartily, “The meat you were feeding the wolves was the flesh of his enemies. The spirit trader is both hunted and feared, he is also greedy. If he saved you it was only to sell you.” Then he paused again to dwell on a life he no longer knew, “Of course I saw Ormr’s village. I grew up there, we were close friends as cubs.”
This time it was Ben that chuckled, “Well that explains a lot.”
Mâvis’s eyes twinkled at the insinuation, “Why do you say that? You think me to be cruel?” Ben answered by lowering his gaze and tearing another bite out of the jerky. The response drew a wide grin from Mâvis, “That is good, perhaps it will keep you obedient.”
“I have a question if you don’t mind.” Ben watched as Mâvis offered his attention with a narrow eye. Ben continued, “Why did you kill Bjorn?”
He lowered his gaze back to his daughter as he tried soothing her back to sleep. Seeing her curl into a ball and draw her thumb into her mouth, he covered her and continued the caressing. After a few moments of reflection, he looked up at Ben again. “When I returned to the village he was dragging Lúta back to his cottage. I suppose he had every right to do so, you were thought to be dead. Still, I beat him until he could not even crawl from me and then I shot him in the head. I have no tolerance for a warrior that would take on a woman.” Mâvis paused as if he was enjoying his reflection on Bjorn’s final moments, then he looked back at Ben, “I used the arrow I pulled from your back.”
Ben’s jaw dropped open, “I’m not sure which I am more shocked by, that you saved my wife or avenged my death.  I have to admit though I find the use of the arrow quite touching.”
Mâvis grinned and snarled, “Very good, human, I knew you would like that.”  He stood and hoisted Jocelyn’s carrier over his shoulder to climb the tree. 
Morning approached too quickly, despite the discomfort of sleeping in the trees. Ben was exhausted and would have welcomed a few more hours before the sun made its appearance. He crawled out of the hammock and descended the tree to relieve himself in the woods. When he got back, he had intended to climb up and grab the hammock but a low rumbling growl greeted his ears and he whirled around to see what it was. 
A wolf stood just yards away sizing up Ben’s movements. Ben looked down at the crossbow that lay just a few feet away. Damn! The blasted thing was not loaded. His heart was now racing as the creature tested a foot forward to assess what Ben would do. 
Mâvis’s voice bellowed out of the trees, “Perhaps you should see if it wants love.”
“Very funny.” Ben replied too scared to even move. He could feel Mâvis’s weight hit the ground, as the warrior passed in front of him with his longbow already drawn. The wolf, seeing a far superior threat, was now locked in a stare with Mâvis. The animal lunged as the arrow found a home in the wolf’s chest.
The wolf dropped with a yelp and Mâvis had his second arrow drawn before the animal hit the ground. Mâvis paced around it for a moment as it lay injured. He ushered Ben over. “Come, human, make the kill. This is yours.” He looked almost as if he was gloating.
“What?” Ben answered in shock, not even sure how he would kill the wretched thing as it whined in agony before them.
Mâvis’s expression washed into a scowl immediately, “That is an order.” His growl lingered.
Ben picked up the crossbow, fumbling repeatedly as he tried to load it. Finally he had it aimed down at the wolf only to watch as the arrow slid off the nose of the weapon and fell to the ground. He glanced up at Mâvis as he bent down to pick it back up, laughing nervously, “Sorry.”
Mâvis sneered and sent his second arrow into the animal silencing it, “Honestly, human, how are you alive?” He threw his hunting knife at Ben’s feet, “Clean it!”
 An hour later, the animal was properly cleaned and drained. There were a couple slabs of meat cooking over a fire. The beast stood admiring the work Ben had done on the wolf, “I do not understand, human, you cannot kill the animal but you carve it up like a skilled hunter. How is this possible?”
“I told you I’m a doctor, I can dissect anything. I just don’t do well with weaponry.” Ben cleaned the knife in the stream and walked over to check on the meat over the fire. “It looks done, should I put out this fire?”
Jocelyn was admiring the kill alongside her father, her hands on her hips just as his were. Mâvis turned and strolled over to pull the meat off the fire and kick some dirt over it, then he carved off a few strips to cool for his daughter and proceeded to pack the rest.
They sat and ate a quick meal before continuing on their journey. For the first time since it began Ben was actually joined by Mavis as he walked. Ben could not tell if he was just bored and craving conversation, or if he was sincere in wanting to learn more about his companion. 
He seemed to keep and ever present eye on the woods around them as they walked, and as he spoke Ben could feel those icy blue eyes watching his cues and mannerism's. Especially when the discussion turned to the topic of Ormr. “May I ask you something, sir?” His master answered with little more than a grunt. “Why did Ormr kill his father?”
The question halted Mavis, on the spot. He stood axe level and breathing ever so calm, just assessing if the question was innocent or provocative. Surely there had to be some supporters of King Nathan left on the island, someone willing to spill the gossip on the late king. Why would the human ask something like that? “Why do you care?”
Ben appeared to chew on his inner lip for a second, “it’s just that from everything I have heard about him, he seemed like a good man, a good warrior…even a good father. What would bring a son to do something so cold?”
Mavis grumbled and appeared at first to dismiss the inquiry as he continued his path. “Nathan was well loved, and a great warrior. He raised us together and taught us to fight. Ormr’s mother hated us, and thought we would corrupt the prince. It was he who was corrupted. A few years ago we set out on a reeshoobie. We journeyed across the Canadian passages and along the way Ormr was a lot more trouble than he was worth. He was to be wed, and before he could I stole his wife. I was not the only one to betray him. The others did too. They raced the passages for months, and Ormr beat them home. When he got back it was the first thing he did. Challenged his father…” Mavis stopped walking his thoughts weighing heavily on his shoulders. 
The beast seemed almost impenetrable up until now. The late king was a weak spot for him. “To ask anyone I was am the greatest warrior to live, yet I am nothing compared to him. I fought and killed a sea god for Ormr. Nathan was a god and Ormr killed him…for my betrayal to him.”
The curiosity now got the best of Ben, “How did you end up working for Freyr?”
There was a twinkle in Mavis eye. “His village is close to the shore. I was taking my revenge on the traitors who watched Nathan die. Nearly a year and I was close to finishing, when you crashed this island. I meant to take you and my family to the mountains when you messed it all up.”
Now it was Ben who stopped short. At first he was not sure he heard Mavis correctly, “Me? Why would you take me to the mountains?”
Mavis sucked on his fanged tooth, “You were never property of the palace, human. The title you signed was to serve me. Why do you think it was in your tongue?”
“I wasn’t allowed to read it, sir. What difference did it make what tongue it was in? You were going to betray him all along? I’m shocked. Why?. And why me? I thought you hated me?”
It was like a switch how quickly Mavis could go from friendly to annoyed, “Move it, human.” He watched Ben pace ahead on the muddy trail. As soon as the pace was decent he answered. “I did hate you, I find humans to be disgusting, wasteful creatures. Your contraptions litter my world and your people have left mine no place to go. If it were not for my wife I would have killed you the day we met.”
“And yet you tricked Freyr into signing me over to you, why?”
“You are funny, human…You took up for your wife without hesitation, and if anyone is to kill you, it will be me.” 
Ben could not believe his ears, “Are you saying you like me?”
“I am saying perhaps you live through the day.”



Chapter 21

Late into the evening they made it to King William’s village where they were greeted by dozens of guards as they approached. 
One of the guards pushed past all the others and shoved Mâvis directly on the chest. He was nearly as large as Mâvis was, “We do not need the likes of you unannounced.”
Mâvis grunted and shoved back, “Like you have not had me tracked for the past day. Do you honestly play me for a fool Reagan?”
The heavily scarred, dark-haired guard let out a huge belly laugh. “Come, William is already getting dressed.” A few of the guards followed Mâvis and Ben into the great hall. A fire was going in the center of the room, with a hole in the roof just above it letting out the smoke. Ben immediately peeled off his gear and made his way over to warm his hands.
Reagan tapped Mâvis on the shoulder and laughed as he pointed at the man hunched in front of the fire, “Your human is cold. Come sit and eat there is food on the way.”
Mâvis chuckled and gestured to a chair at the table. “Come, human, we must sit. It is polite to feed guests after a journey. You have to pay your respects and eat what you are given.”
He replied, “You won’t find me turning down a meal. Especially when I’m not sure where the next will come from.” Ben sat and a mug of ale was placed in front of him. It was warm and he found himself taking a long hard draw of it.
Mâvis took a seat on the opposite side of the table to keep his eye on the patrons of the room as well as the door. A few of the guards that had greeted them as they arrived sat at the table and within a few minutes King William and Olivia were in the room. Olivia waltzed right over to Ben and drew him off the chair for a hug. “It is so good to see you alive and well.”
William took his seat and Olivia rounded the table to join him, “I echo my wife’s thoughts, Ben. Last I heard you were food for the wolves and last I heard of you, Mâvis, you had been captured by Ormr.” He folded his hands over each other threading his clawed fingers together as he repeatedly sized up the two of them. “Now it would never surprise me to see Mâvis sitting here after such news but you, Ben, you are human. My men saw you shot down. Now unless half my guard conspires against me or unless they are crazed you should by all means be dead. Please tell me how is it that you are sitting at my table?” 
“I was rescued by another human, then sold to Ormr.” Ben replied.
William reached for the ale that was put in front of him, “You were rescued by the spirit trader? That does make sense, he will do anything for a profit.” He grunted into his mug “Now tell me how is it that you arrive here with the likes of Mâvis?”
The question was directed at Ben who shot a glance towards Mâvis. Mâvis’s attention was solely on his sleepy daughter who was picking at a plate of food that was offered to her. He was deliberately dismissing the conversation.
Seeing that Mâvis was not going to offer any assistance with the questioning, Ben turned back to King William. “We are on the same mission. Both our wives have been sold and we seek to rescue them.”
Large plates of food were placed before the rest of the folks at the table. Ben focused on his in relief that there was something to distract him from the uncomfortable conversation. “Well, would you look at that? This food looks marvelous, thank you for your generosity.”
Olivia toasted him with her mug, “No, Ben, it is you we must thank, this is nothing.”
William chewed through his first bite and put his fork down as if he was deep in thought, “I am sorry, what my wife means to call you is Doctor Abbott. After all you have earned that distinction have you not? Doctor Benjamin Abbott.” He picked up his fork again and worked a knife through his meat.
The conversation was definitely going down the road to awkward now and Ben found himself choosing his words carefully. “I suppose that in a formal setting this would be my proper address, but seeing how we are nowhere near such a formal setting Ben is more than appreciated.”
Not in the least bit amused with that answer, William sat up and reached for his mug, “Tell me, Ben, how does one become a doctor?” 
Ben could now feel Mâvis’s eyes on him waiting to see where this conversation was drifting. He found himself now treading a fine line between insulting his captor and insulting his host, “You are correct, sir, in that it took my entire life to earn this accreditation. In fact, I have spent years making sure that my name is regarded closely with the work I have done. You are quite observant in noticing this as being a source of pride for me.” Ben finished a swig off the mug in his hand and took a few more bites of his food. He was starting to admit to himself that finishing the plate would be near impossible for him at this point.
William was now displaying a smug grin before leaning in to gain Ben’s eye contact, as he lowered his voice, “Good. Now that we have that established, you shall have your name back so long as you are in my court. You will not be without dignity in my presence and the term human is a degradation even to actual humans, is it not?” The comment was said to Ben but it was clearly meant for Mâvis’s ears.
“I suppose if one was insulted by one’s own being this would be true, you will find I am not. But your sentiment is quite refreshing especially coming from one as educated as yourself.” Ben’s last statement drew a hearty smile from William this time.
“I am glad we have an understanding of one another, now to this business of finding your wife. I take it she was sold to Vidar?” William asked.
Ben finished chewing his food and then washed it down before clearing his throat to speak, “Is he a king? Because the women were sold to a king that’s all I know.”
“Yes Vidar is a king. A rather selfish and greedy king. His village has been in disrepair for years now. Like Ormr, he profits at the expense of his people.” William paused for a second to think, “Oh, you are here to seek passage to his island?” Ben nodded silently and William donned another smile, “Very well, it is granted…for you.”
Ben sat confused for a moment as he looked over to Mâvis for some sort of meaning into this. Mâvis crossed his arms over his chest as his eyes now penetrated Ben’s being to the core. Ben turned his attention nervously back to King William, “I’m sorry, sir, perhaps because it’s so late and I’m a bit overtired, but I didn’t get your meaning in that.”
The king was more than happy to answer but with a question, “Doctor, let me ask you are you here of your own freewill? Let me say before you answer that you are under my protection the entire time you are in my village. Do not let intimidation inhibit your answer.”
“I-I’m honestly not sure what you’re asking. However, if Vidar’s village is anything like Ormr’s then I can only imagine the danger the women must be in. I mean to rescue them both if possible.”
William took note of Mâvis’s demeanor before addressing Ben again, “The question is simple doctor, are you here as a servant or of your own freewill? Because I promise if you travel with him, it is not of your freewill. I am offering you your freedom and passage to rescue your wife. Should you need assistance in a challenge my guards are more than qualified. You will find there is little that can stand in their way. So what is it, doctor?”
“In all honesty I would not have even made it here without Mâvis. What if I serve him willingly?” Ben’s face was ghost white as he waited for his reply.
“Then the debt I owe you for my wife’s life is actually owed to your master. Which is why he has brought you here, to collect it.” William watched in astonishment as Ben’s eyes suddenly returned Mâvis’s steely gaze with all the fierce intensity the warrior was giving. If Ben was at all afraid of the legendary warrior he showed absolutely no sign of it. No one crossed Mâvis like that, not without an army to defend them.
Ben closed his eyes for a second to think. This was bait of some sort, for him or Mâvis or both, either way this would not end well. Judging by Mâvis’s demeanor, it would most likely end in his death. He would not bite, “Then it’s his debt to collect. I’ll save my wife on my own.” He stood and tossed his napkin in Mâvis’s plate before turning to Olivia, “Please excuse me, madam, I apologize for my manners.” With that, he stormed out the door.
King William immediately turned to Mâvis, “What will you take for him, name your price. You and your wife will need a cottage will you not?”
Mâvis leaned forward grinning, “He is not for sale and I will not be leaving him behind either. I expect him tied and in the boat tomorrow.” He took a hearty swig off his mug before standing to retrieve his daughter. “Now if you are through trying to steal my property I will be heading off to bed. Where do I turn in, good man?”
William stood to waive to a couple of guards at the door, “Would you have tried to kill him if he had denounced you?”
Mâvis didn’t even look back as he followed the guards down the hall with Jocelyn already asleep on his chest, “He would be dead at your table as we speak and you are a fool to think a single one of your guards could stop me.”


Chapter 22

“Nice to see you waited for me, human.” Mâvis delighted in using Ben’s nickname as he stepped into the boat and threw a few skins on the bottom. He placed Jocelyn on them with a bag of dried fruit. She immediately offered one of the apple slices to Ben’s gagged mouth. 
These boats were significantly larger than Ormr’s, longer with more space to row. From what he heard the guards say, these boats were the only design that could navigate this water successfully. Again, the craftsmanship was just outstanding but this time being bound and gagged for the journey, they did not quite hold the appeal the first set did. 
Several warriors loaded the boats with supplies and goods to be traded with the village they were sailing to. As they each took their seats to row, Mâvis crouched down to remove Ben’s gag and prop him up against the railing, “This is a long trip, you might as well get comfortable.” With that, Mâvis took his seat to row. 
Jocelyn, now seeing the gag was gone from Ben’s mouth, found the opportunity to again try stuffing his mouth with some apple slices. She giggled profoundly each time he spat one out. “Glad you find my predicament amusing, darling.”
As they rowed into the night, the temperatures plummeted and Ben found himself freezing from the dampness and the rough seas. He looked down at the girl that was huddled into a ball on his lap. He struggled in his ropes to free himself. It was so dark he could not see if her skin was the proper color. Suspecting her damp garments we drawing as much heat away from her body as his were it occurred to him that he needed to get her warm. “Mâvis, your daughter. She needs you.”
Mâvis rumbled back, “I have to row.”
“I’ll take your place, she is not well. She needs warmth right away.” He struggled again to show he was serious and Mâvis pulled in the oar and crossed the boat. He turned Ben on his side and cut the ties before picking up Jocelyn. “She is as wet as I am, she needs body heat right away.” Ben started pulling her arms out of her coat.
Mâvis brushed his hands off, “She will not warm up without clothing.”
“You need to hold her to your chest and cover her. Her lips are blue already and we don’t have time to waste. That’s a very bad sign. If you trust me on nothing else trust me on this, sir.” Ben covered the both of them with the furs and took Mâvis’s seat at the ores. 
He proceeded with a few attempts to get his oar in the water at the amusement of all the warriors. The pace was too fast and the waves fought back throwing the oar back into his face a few times. Reagan pulled in his own oar and shoved Ben further into his seat to help him get the rhythm going. “Not as easy as it looks, is it, human? Have fun, you will finish Mâvis’s shift.”
The guard abandoned Ben to his task and returned to his seat. Hours passed with the grueling exercise taking its toll. When they finally reached the beach he was exhausted and his lungs burned from the workout. He found himself stumbling across the rocks to collapse on the sand. The men unloaded the boats and poked at him with their spears as they passed, “Get up, human, we have work to do.”
Mâvis had another idea in mind as he reached down and flipped him over, “Take her and start a fire. You may rest until the sun appears.” He shoved his bundled daughter into Ben’s chest and trotted off to help with the trade goods.  
An hour later, the entire merchant party was gathered around a few beach fires drinking and laughing, mostly at Ben’s expense. He ignored them and chewed on his wolf jerky while staring into the flames.
Mâvis pulled Ben’s flask out of his satchel and tossed it to him. “You made it here did you not? Drink, morning will not be kind.” Ben picked up the flask and stuffed it into his jacket before returning his concentration to the flames. He could now feel Mâvis’s gaze turn icy and Ben steadied his breathing to avoid coming off as confrontational but it was too late. “Speak your mind, human.”
He returned the glance if only for a second, “There is nothing on my mind to speak of.”
Mâvis sat straight, “Your lies will not win favor, you wear your anger on your face. Do you honestly test me?”
Now Ben was looking directly back at him, “I am simply here to comply with your wishes, sir. Do you actually need something of me or may I rest as you said earlier?” They sat staring each other down for a moment when Ben dropped his gaze for a split second to Mâvis’s battle-axe. It wasn’t even something he felt himself consciously doing because his gaze had returned so quickly to the fire.
“You like my axe?” Mâvis’s comment got an eye roll, “Pick it up.”
Ben’s head whipped back around, “I will not!”
Mâvis snatched Ben by his jacket and hauled him to his feet, shoving the axe into his arms, “Let me see if you can even lift it.”
 The axe was remarkably heavier than Ben had thought it to be, the double-bladed weapon was huge and well balanced. He immediately threw it back to the ground, “Quite heavy, I don’t think I’m up to task after the long trip here.”
“Pick it up, human.” A growl lingered on his voice. Ben lowered his eyes and turned to walk away when Mâvis grabbed his arm and spun him back nearly shoving him to the ground after it. “I will not say it again. Pick it up.” 
Ben reached reluctantly for the handle of it and dragged it up until it stood on its head, then he leaned on the handle casually waiting his next order. Mâvis shoved him backwards, “Lift it!”
“I don’t want to do this, Mâvis.” He stepped backwards to steady himself and reached down for the neck of the axe to get some leverage as he heaved it off the ground. He held it close to his chest to steady it, his arms still burning from the hours of rowing.
“Very good, human, now fight me.” Mâvis readied himself for a strike, “You have a weapon, I do not. Let me see what you are capable of.”
Ben closed his eyes and drew a breath before swinging blindly with the axe. Mâvis grabbed at the handle and slapped Ben in the back of the head hard enough to send him to the ground. “Are you even trying?” He laughed as Ben rolled onto his back. Mâvis dropped the axe onto his chest knocking the wind out of him, “Come on, human, I expect better. Get up!”
Ben stumbled to his feet, axe in hand, as all the warriors laughed and taunted Mâvis to ‘finish him’. Again, he took a blind swing and Mâvis sent him to the ground and said, “How many times do you think you can challenge me before I answer? Or did you think I forgot of your taunt at King William’s table? Maybe next time you will be better prepared for the consequences.” This time Mâvis hauled Ben off the ground and shoved the axe back into his hands. “Come, give it another go.”
After a few more hits, Mâvis sent him to the ground with a final solid blow. He knelt down to flip Ben over and grab his axe when Ben whipped a hand full of sand into Mâvis’s eyes. Mâvis flinched and covered his face trying to clean out his eyes when Ben rolled over and grabbed the axe himself, hooking it under Mâvis’s feet and pulling them out from under him. 
While Mâvis scrambled to get off his back, Ben was already on his feet and he bowled the broad side of the axe into Mâvis’s facesending the beast onto his ass. He then tossed the axe to Mâvis’s feet. “My name is Doctor Benjamin Abbott and the only being from you savages I willingly serve is my wife!” 
Mâvis stood up grinning and rubbing the pain off his jaw. Ben turned to walk away and Mâvis snatched him by the back of the neck and shoved him face first into a tree knocking him out. He walked off and returned with rope tying Ben’s hands behind the tree, then he propped Ben’s head up with the axe and wedged the handle in between Ben’s legs to give him no way to struggle from the position when he finally awoke.
“That was very good, human. Perhaps you are not so useless after all. I might even make a warrior of you before we are finished. As for who you serve…you will know it when you awaken.” He slapped Ben’s cheek and strolled off to feed Jocelyn.
A few hours later Mâvis retrieved his axe and cut Ben’s ties, “Get up, human. We are leaving.” Ben flopped forward trying to prop himself up as Mâvis hauled him off the ground. His hands were nearly purple from the ties and he tried to rub them to get some circulation back in as they stung from pain. Mâvis shoved him in the direction they were going, “Walk. The tradesmen are ahead of us. They will be a good distraction until we can make our bearings.”
Ben struggled through the rough terrain until his hands had some color back. Mâvis pulled him off the ground twice and shoved him onward. “I did not break your legs, surely they are still good.” Now Mâvis paced beside him to avoid any more delays, “If you think Ormr’s village was fun, you will love this one. The two kings rival each other in torture.”
Several hours later, they arrived in the square. Jocelyn was wandering in front of them to burn off some energy and Mâvis swept her up in his arms as they passed the village square. It sat at the foot of a phenomenal castle, five stories high with several large stone balconies gracing the front. Ben was sure that this was human made at some point in history. In the center of the island, a majestic stone structure arose from the center. Ben figured it to be an old watchtower, but it had been converted into a gazebo like the one he and Lúta had married in. The long winding staircase divided midway giving off to a patio, which is where Vidar staged his torturing. 
Mâvis stopped and watched Ben’s reaction to the scenes in front of him. He grinned as Ben closed his eyes and drew a long breath at the sight of the racks, “I see you like it here. Good, you will be right at home. Come, we will find someplace to eat.”
They entered a tavern and Ben brought Jocelyn to a table, while Mâvis negotiated for some food and drink offering Ben’s medical journal as payment. A short while later he plopped two plates on the table, “Go retrieve our drinks.” When Ben brought them back, Jocelyn was on Mâvis’s lap picking what she wanted from his plate. 
He sat down and toyed with his food for a few minutes, “This village is very large, how will we find the women?”
Mâvis sliced through a piece of deer meat and bit into it with his front fang to take it off the knife. He chewed it slowly for a few seconds, “Look at the two of us, you have made quite the name for yourself since you arrived here and then you are with me. Do you honestly think they will not find us?” Mâvis caught a faint eye roll from Ben, “Did you learn nothing last night? Speak your mind, human.”
His eyes flew right to Mâvis’s face and locked, “Just wondering who else’s attention we’re drawing in the meantime.”
“If it is whoever bought my wife then what difference does it make?” Mâvis chuckled and snarled as he continued eating.
Ben reached for his mug and stared blankly into the steam coming off it before taking a drink. He let his mug rest back on the table before scanning the entire room to get a feel for the patrons. The room was crowded and loud, clearly some were the palace guard having left their shift. There was one merchant from the boats and the rest wore no armor. There was something else in the room. Humans, two of them. They were sitting together and eyeing him periodically. He looked back at Mâvis, “You know, you’re right. I guess it makes no difference does it?” He took another swig off the mug. “I’ll return shortly, nature calls you know?” He stood and walked out the door to find the outhouse.
As soon as he made it around the back of the building he backed up to the wall knowing full well the two men would follow him out of curiosity alone. Sure enough not a minute later one of them was out back looking for him.
“What is your name?” The man reached a hand out to shake his. He had long dark hair and he was finely built, probably from years on the island. He had tattoos on both arms suggesting that he did not grow up here.
“I’m Doctor Abbott and to whom do I have the pleasure?”
“I’m Kevin. I run a small sheep farm here. How does a doctor end up serving one of the fiercest beasts on these islands...and even more important how are you alive in doing so? Mâvis is known for killing humans.” The man put both his hands on his hips in anticipation of his answer. “Where did you come from?”
“I was part of a research team that landed off the coast of Iceland, I was supposed to be stationed there for six months but the team left with no notice and I ended up on a sinking vessel that was headed back home. My life boat landed on King Freyr’s shore.” 
Kevin shook his head, “Well you pick some dangerous company. I was part of a fishing boat that landed on shore here about four years ago. Took me a long time to work my way up the ranks. But it can be done, so long as you can keep your head and stay on your toes. Mark is inside and he has been here probably the longest of any surviving humans.”
As much as Ben was enjoying this he needed to find a way to hurry it along, “I don’t have a lot of time. He will be on to this chat soon, I need to know if you have seen or heard of two women that might have been bought from King Ormr last month.” *9
The man stepped back peering around the corner to see if anyone was coming. Not seeing anyone, he looked back at Ben, “There was a couple of women, one was taken as queen and the other was sold to a general for the palace guard. I don’t know the guard’s wife, but the queen is Genevieve and from what I hear, she is quite the spitfire. I haven’t seen her though, Vidar has never let her out of the palace.”
Not a second later Mark came passing by the outhouse tossing a whistle over his shoulder and not even looking back at the two men talking. Kevin heeded the warning immediately and followed his friend. 
 Ben dashed into the outhouse, when he came back out both of the men had disappeared, and Mâvis was waiting by the building with his arms crossed over his chest. Ben chuckled as he buckled his pants and walked past. “Might want to avoid that one for a spell.”
Mâvis threw his axe over his shoulder and scowled at Ben before addressing his daughter, “Come, Jocelyn.” The girl stopped dancing and followed her father’s order, dashing in front of him to pace behind Ben.  A few minutes later Mâvis pointed up an alley, “This way.” There was a quaint cottage at the end of it and they knocked on the door.
 A plump woman with long black hair answered. She greeted Mâvis with a huge smile and a heartfelt hug as he asked, “Is your husband home, woman?”
She reached for Jocelyn picking her up and putting her right on her hip before planting a kiss on her forehead. “He is at work, but he will be happy to see you when he gets home. Come in, and who is your friend?” 
Ben fluffed his hair up a bit and wiped his hand down his face as if to brush off the dirt “Please, madam, excuse my awful appearance. Had I known we would be in the presence of a lady I would have freshened up.”
The woman stared at him blankly for a second before a delicate smile drew across her lips. “Well, I find you quite refreshing as you are, but you are more than welcome to clean up here. I am Beatrice and please tell me whom I have the pleasure of meeting.”
Ben wrung his hands together almost feeling too grubby to even reach out and shake hers but he had no choice in that she had grabbed his before he could retreat. “Doctor Abbott, ma’am, Doctor Benjamin Abbott and thank you.”
She turned to Mâvis, “Do you seek shelter?”
Mâvis didn’t need to answer as he made himself comfortable on her dining chair. Beatrice plopped Jocelyn on the table and bustled into a room off the back of the building taking down a washbasin and coming out with towels for the men. Mâvis accepted one from her and ushered Ben to take the first bath, “Follow her, she will care for your needs.”
A couple hours later they were all washed and sitting in front of the fireplace warming up. Beatrice appeared with some human sized outfits, “Here you go, Abbott, these should fit you. They may be just a little short, but if you will let me measure you properly in the morning I can adjust them as you need.”
He held the garments up admiring the work on them. “These are just amazing, is your husband human? Are these his?”
Beatrice chuckled, “Goodness no. I am the village seamstress. I make all the clothes for the palace guard and the villagers alike. I have a several human clients.” She poured both the men some tea and topped it off with a little warm ale before she offered one up to Ben, “This is popular on our island. Takes the chill off the nights.”
“Thank you, ma’am, truly your husband is spoiled.” Abbott smiled warmly as he accepted the mug. The compliment drew an obvious blush from the woman. 
He sat down to sip on the concoction and was met with a glare from Mâvis, “Take care how you speak, human. My brother is due home and I do not want to fend off a challenge this late in the evening.”
“Sorry.” Ben shot him a glance, as he was unsure if he heard Mâvis correctly. Had he just offered to fend off a challenge and from his own brother no less? He brushed it off as accidental and shook his head before drinking his tea.
Mâvis noticed the change of reaction and normally would have taken issue with it, but something else was on his mind that needed more serious attention, “So what did the humans want from you?” Mâvis sized up Ben’s response to the comment.
 He was clearly ready for the question as he didn’t flinch a muscle but he did slow his breathing before he spoke, “They were curious about me, I suppose I find them a bit unexpected as well.” Ben picked the mug back up and worked a little harder on it, hoping that this was enough information for Mâvis, but he could feel the creature’s eyes burning into him.
The front door opened and a beast walked in with a light smoky brown color. He was not nearly as tall as Mâvis but more muscular and leaner than most of the beasts Ben had encountered. He let off an growl on seeing Mâvis, “What brings the likes of you to my home?” Mâvis arose from his seat with a grin to meet the man in a handshake that grew into and immediate hug.
“I come seeking my wife, she was sold by Ormr. Have you heard word of two women being sold here? Would have been last month.”
The second beast hung his head for a moment pressing his lips together, “I knew something was not right with that. Your wife is now Vidar’s trophy. How were you two separated? There is no way she was taken in your presence I had feared you were dead until I got word of your escape.” The creature now turned to Ben and shook his hand, “I am Avarr, who do I address and how is it possible that you sit in the company of my brother? He is not fond of your kind.”
“Doctor Benjamin Abbott, sir. Pleased to make your acquaintance and I assure you it is with reluctance that I endure his companionship.”
Avarr erupted into a hearty belly laugh as he addressed his brother, “I like him, he is brave.”
Mâvis responded with a sneer in Ben’s direction, “Well he certainly enjoys testing me.” Both the men sat back down as Mâvis straddling the chair, “Freyr sold Genevieve while I was away on mission. I came home to find my house empty and my daughter in the care of the widow behind my dwelling. I was told that Ormr had raided the village and I stormed off like a fool with a few of his palace guard in tow.”
Mâvis continued, “When I hit the beach I was ambushed. They killed Pearce and I was shot by one of Freyr’s own men when they realized I was going to make quick work of the enemy.”
Avarr hung his head for a moment, “They killed Pearce? Such a shame, he was a promising warrior. How did you escape Ormr? Surely he would have made quick work of a prize like you.”
Mâvis slapped Ben on the back as he stood, “My slave came to my aid, are you not glad you did that, human?” He followed with a toothy grin, “I am sure he would do it again if he had the chance. Am I right?” Mâvis topped off his mug with the herbal tea and turned to Avarr his face totally straight now, “His wife was sold here as well. Do you know of her? She is a fair haired vixen; trouble maker too, goes by Lúta.”
Avarr looked Ben up and down with a bit of shock, “You were married to Lúta? I saw her but I do not know where she went. She is lovely; you must have been challenged for that woman.”
Ben toyed with his mug, “We married under a bit of duress and were both taken prisoner of the palace. My wife was held hostage so that I would do the bidding of the king. I must say since I wrecked on the shores of this world it has not been short on adventure.”
Something Ben said caught Mâvis’s attention, “You miss your human world?” 
He paused before replying as if to dwell on what he was thinking, “I wish I could say I do. But should I ever return there it wouldn’t feel like my world anymore. I would be lost without my wife.”
Avarr added, “You do know that it will be your death if her new husband discovers you are here. Your presence alone will be seen as a challenge.”
“Well then at least this time my death will mean something.” Ben rubbed his eyes and yawned, “I’m exhausted.”
Avarr looked back at Mâvis with confusion, “This time?” Mâvis just silently nodded in reply.
Beatrice walked into the room and handed Ben a butter soft animal skin blanket, “I am sorry, Abbott, all I have to offer is the loft tonight.”
He chuckled as he accepted it, “Ma’am, it will be the best sleep I’ve had this month I am sure.” He climbed the ladder to the cramped space and curled up for the evening.



Chapter 23

For a few days Mâvis left Jocelyn in Ben’s care as he sought work to bide his time. Ben kept watch diligently over the girl most of the day and found additional task in cleaning and repairing miscellaneous items in the house. He even managed to get an antique, pedal style sewing machine up and running with a new belt and some bear grease. 
He sat and tutored Beatrice on how to use the contraption both forwards. “If you need more needles than that let me know I may have a solution.” Her face lit up with delight as she worked at the machine.
She got up after a few minutes and retrieved a jar of honey from the backroom, “Here, go up the hill to a cottage with three windows and get some thread for me. Black if they have it. Give them this and tell them it is from Bea.” Her smile was magnificent as she went right to the table and set about to laying a new pattern for the machine.
It took him a while to find the cottage as a lot of them had three windows, he realized now that she meant on the thatched roof. Knocking on the door, he found a couple of elderly women answering and they were a little too grateful for his appearance there. They drew him in quickly and tore off his hat to check the curliness of his hair. One even tried to peer into the open button on his shirt to see if he had more hair and if it matched.
He snatched his shirt closed feeling violated, “Excuse me ladies, I’m to return with thread that’s all…or should I return this honey to its owner?”
They both scowled snatching the honey from his grasp and shoving him back out the door with the thread in hand. One waived bye bashfully while the second one slammed the door in his face.  
As he turned to leave, he caught his own breath and held it in. There she was not more than a few yards from him. Lúta hadn’t even noticed him yet. But he noticed her, taking in the sight of her in the damp midevening air. Her dress was heavy enough to hang off her shoulders a bit. Her full breasts did a fine job holding it up though. She had her long wavy hair down and covering her face, but it did little to hide her pouty, pink lips and long dark lashes. She was so beautiful.
His jaw hung open as she caught his eyes, the basket in her hands dropped and he now realized she saw him too. He dashed to her feet throwing everything that fell back into her basket before she could even kneel to retrieve the goods. “I beg your pardon, ma’am that was all my fault, will you forgive me?” His words were short but his eyes said so much more. 
A few people had stopped to stare at what was happening and her own jaw hung open for a moment before she realized what he was trying to do, “Yes,” She swallowed hard, “Yes you, you should be more careful.” Her eyes started to water and her breathing changed pace as she stood. “Please, go and do not let it happen again.” She gave him one last look of sorrow before her face washed completely into anger and sadness as she took her basket and stormed off.
He stood watching helplessly as she walked away, knowing full well that any move he made would draw danger and pain to both of them. He wanted so badly to run after her and pull her into his arms. He wanted to follow her and see where she went, he wanted to steal her in the night and take her back to King William’s village and devote himself to her for the rest of his life. Instead, he stood and watched her walk away…watched helplessly as she disappeared into a crowd of beasts and from his life again. He tucked the thread into his coat and walked back to Beatrice’s feeling like his heart had been ripped from his chest.
Mâvis had stepped into a doorway unnoticed as Ben crossed Lúta in the street. He stood quietly watching their encounter. He shook his head as the two of them parted unable to even hold eye contact without drawing attention. He sliced an apple in two and tossed the first half into his mouth chewing it slowly as Lúta walked right past him noticing nothing. As soon as Ben was out of sight, he stepped out of the doorway and made his way towards the direction she went. His long legs made for a quick pace across the village and he found himself passing her alley in time to see her make it into her door.  
Mâvis stopped on his heal looking down the street in the direction Ben had gone. He popped the other half of the apple in his mouth and went back to Bea’s for the night. 
Beatrice served the men a magnificent lamb stew. Ben ate quickly and quietly. He washed most of her dishes, climbed up the ladder with a mug of ale, and settled in. He downed the last of the contents in a couple swigs and covered his face to sleep. 
As the evening went on, he found it hard to sleep. Hours passed after the beasts went to bed and Ben scurried out of the loft quietly making his way out the door. He bundled up tightly and headed up the street he had run into Lúta on stopping near an alley that had a very large dwelling on it. “Of course, a general would live well on this island. There you are.”
He pulled his hood tight and ducked into the shadows to wait. A few hours later morning approached and a very well dressed guard left the building and made his way to the palace. A couple more hours passed and Lúta left the same building with her long golden locks tied tightly into a bun on the back of her head. A few curls hung down softening her features and giving her face the protective shade she hid behind.
Shortly after she passed he made his way back to Bea’s. Fearing that the house would be awake and getting ready for their day he slipped out back and started working on the wood stacks. Cutting them into a better size and stacking them to season properly.
When the sun finally made its appearance Mâvis found his way outside with Jocelyn in tow, “I see you are earning your keep and mine. I do find this interesting, human, but I have to ask how long you think you can play me for a fool?”
Ben paused after dropping the wood axe and picked up the two pieces he had just split offering a quick glance before returning to his work, “I have no ill intent towards you, sir. I’m out here stacking wood because I can’t sleep. You wanted a servant...I am serving.”
“Well, now you can serve inside and keep my daughter busy.” Mâvis stood with his hands on his hips waiting for Ben to pass before following him back in. Ben wiped the sweat from his brow and threw on his shirt out of respect for the woman in the other room. He poured himself a tea and sat to take a sip off it. Mâvis causally walked over and hauled Ben back up to his feet. Getting fiercely close to his face and looking directly into his eyes, “I do not like secrets, human.” Mâvis huffed and walked off with a sideways glance. 
The next morning Ben let the warriors leave the house before coming out of the loft. He worked quickly through the morning chores and fed Jocelyn after giving her a quick bath. 
Beatrice came in the door with a basket of goods from the merchants and set it on the table. She looked around at how clean the place was for a moment before rolling her eyes at Ben, “You are doing too much around here, it will make me look bad when you are gone.” Her comment was meant to lighten the mood but it simply drew and apology from him.
Beatrice sat and started unpacking the basket and sorting her goods, “He likes you.”
The comment tore Ben completely out of thought, “I beg your pardon, but are you referring to Mâvis?”
She chuckled, “He admires your bravery and determination. Joutone warriors value these traits as well as loyalty. It is something that is lost on other humans, even those who have lived here for years. You will have the best friend and ally you could possibly wish for in this world if you can trust him.” 
Ben scoffed, “Well in there is where all hope is lost. Mistrust is the foundation of our relationship. As a matter of fact the only thing you can trust between us is that neither of us trusts each other.” 
“Yet here you are feeding his daughter.” She held a warm smile as she waited for his reaction to her observation.
“Am I not his slave? I’m doing what is expected of me.” He reached for his tea.
“Mâvis is fiercely protective of his family, Ben. I promise you would not be here if he thought for a moment you were not worthy of his trust. He may not always be forward about his intentions but believe me he has intentions in bringing you here.”
Ben laughed, “Oh I believe you, I just think you may be mistaken on the nature of those intentions.” He finished his tea and picked up Jocelyn’s plate to wash it.
A couple of hours later, both the warriors were back looking for lunch. The tension in the room between Mâvis and Ben was so thick it was suffocating. Beatrice watched intently for a few minutes as the two men sat quietly across from one another. She cleared her throat and put her hand on Ben’s shoulder. “Remember what I told you earlier?”
Ben let out a frustrated sigh and dropped his head into his hands pushing back his hair. Mâvis’s burning stare turned into a curious glare as he cocked a brow, “Something you want to discuss, human?”
Ben toyed with his food for a moment thinking on his words, “I saw Lúta. I’ve seen her twice. The first time she saw me as well, the second time she didn’t even know I was there.”
Mâvis leaned back in his chair, “That is good, now you just have to find her husband and you are all set for your challenge.” By the time he got to his last word he was ear to ear smiling, knowing Ben wouldn’t have a chance even fighting a Joutone woman, never mind a trained warrior.
“I’ve seen him already, he’s a general. I can’t challenge him.”
Both of the warriors burst into laughter as Avarr stood and slapped Ben on the back, “If she is married to Diek you will not have to worry about challenging him…he is definitely going to challenge you though.”
Avarr threw on his armor and left as Mâvis finished his food. He turned his attention back to Ben after a few bites, “You must have a plan? Especially if you would sit silent on this information for this long.”
Ben shook his head and pressed his lips, “No plan, he’s huge I don’t stand a chance and I don’t know what would come of Lúta if I make waves. I don’t even know enough about him to think about what to do.”
Mâvis replied, “I am huge, that did not stop you from our little rumble on the beach.” He leaned back in his chair and propped his feet up on the bench waiting for an answer while picking his teeth with his knife. 
“You forced me, didn’t you? And with all due respect, the only threat you pose is to me. I’m ready for death. Heck if it would finally rid me of you I would welcome it. I’m just not ready for hers.” Ben swallowed hard and averted his angry eyes to something else in the room. “I have no way of knowing if he will punish her for my presence.”
The comment drew another huge grin from Mâvis, “You will never be rid of me, human.” Mâvis took a large swig off his ale and let the mug slam down on the table as he stood to put on his armor. “Tell you what. If you challenge him tonight I will make sure your wife is protected. She will never fear harm, so long as I live.” With that, he grabbed his axe and left.
Evening fell and Ben found himself anxious with doubt. What if something happened to Mâvis after he died? What if Lúta was happy with her new husband? He sat for a few moments dwelling on all the ‘what if’s’. Then he tucked Jocelyn into her makeshift bed by the lounge and thanked Beatrice for watching her before he left and made his way to Lúta’s house.
 Diek answered the door, scowling at first. Not quite sure who this was, his voice boomed as he spoke, “You must be lost, human, you have come to the wrong place. If you want to live I suggest you take leave.” The beast shoved Ben off the stoop and Ben struggled to steady himself. As the beast turned to go back inside it occurred to him who this might be and he spun on his heels, “Oh, either you are incredibly brave or incredibly stupid.”
Ben leaned on a fence post and took a heavy gulp of his flask, “Could be a bit drunk as well, which in my experience enables one to be both brave and stupid at once.” His words were a bit slurred. He wasn’t drunk but he did have a bit of a plan, not even sure if it would work.
Lúta was now at the door throwing on her shawl, “Oh dear, Ben are you crazed? Go!” She stormed out of the house throwing herself between Diek and Ben, “Diek he is not a threat, let him go!”
Seeing his wife rush to Ben’s defense threw the warrior into a rage and the beast closed the distance between them belting Lúta in the face with his arm. She landed on the ground and Ben straightened right up and shoved Diek.
He threw Ben to the ground and turned to stomp the human to death only to find himself blindsided by Mâvis’s axe. The warrior had come out of the shadows between the buildings. The first swing took the beast by surprise but the second swing he was ready for ducking backwards to avoid the blade. “This is not your fight, Mâvis! What are you even doing here?”
Mâvis didn’t answer as he stepped over Ben and readied his axe for a drawn out battle. He focused all his attention on the well-trained guard, like a tiger after a meal, every move Diek made registered in Mâvis’s senses. It was not often he met a warrior with enough skills to match his own. It would take everything he had to defeat him. 
Diek steadied his own gaze now realizing it did not matter whose fight this was it was Mâvis he would be facing. He stood ready to defend himself as Mâvis circled him looking carefully for any mistakes and an easy blow.
He twirled his axe to loosen his joints and it came quickly back to its upright position as Diek took the opportunity to charge. Mâvis stepped back to avoid the warrior and spun around taking Diek to the ground from behind. Diek rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself off the ground as fast as he landed trying desperately to keep Mâvis in his sight. But by the time the beast made it to a full crouch Mâvis bowled through him with another blow. 
Diek stumbled out of desperation as Mâvis swung the axe back around belting Diek in the face rendering the creature delirious. Instinctively he tried to make it to his knees as blood poured down his face. Mâvis walked alongside him watching intently as the he tried to scramble to his feet. Diek reached for a fence post and hoisted himself half way up it as Mâvis dealt him a final blow.
Diek flew backwards landing with his arm stretched out, his eyes looking up at Ben as his mouth tried to form words. Mâvis stormed over and dragged Ben back to the beast’s body shoving his axe into Ben’s hand, “Finish him!” Ben paused for a second stunned by what just happened. Mâvis’s face now took on rage as Ben clearly took too long to react, “He struck your WIFE!”
Feeling a hand on his leg as the warrior appeared to be begging for mercy. Ben looked down at the creature knowing that if he didn’t take this blow it would be his own death. But that was not what fueled him into heaving the heavy axe up to his shoulder. What fueled him was the glance he took at Lúta as she stood in the doorway watching, knowing full well this is what was expected of him to be with her. He was in a primitive world and a primitive society. 
There were no police, there were no courts. There was no church to answer to. You kill or you die. He closed his eyes and heaved the axe with everything he had down into Diek’s skull. It landed so hard it stood there at the nearly upright angle it landed. 
Mâvis yanked his axe from Diek’s lifeless body. “Well done, human. Perhaps you earn some respect tonight.” Mâvis shoved him towards Lúta, “Go inside with your wife, I will handle the guards.” 
That last phrase stopped Ben for a second, “The guards?”
Lúta was now dragging him in, “Yes, Ben, the guards, you just killed the king’s most valuable warrior. Challenge or not they are going to want answers.” She closed the door behind them and stood looking at him. “You are a fool coming here with him. You could have died.” She crossed her arms and looked away too angry to face him. Her lips trembled in pain over what was running through her head, over what they would do to him when he couldn’t prove he fought Diek. They would torture him for the fun of it.
He moved towards her to offer a hug and she stepped back holding up one claw warning him not to come an inch closer. Her eyes now locked on his. He paused for a moment and flipped his palms forward to show surrender, “It would’ve been worth it. I’ve been to hell and back for you and if I had to do it again I would, just to see you. Just to see you are alive and okay.”
Lúta turned to look out the window at the mob of guards walking up her street, “There, Ben, that is was you get for challenging Diek. They are here to kill you!” Ben peered out the window fearing for Mâvis who stood casually by the fence with his axe slung over his shoulder.
Avarr was the first to approach him whispering into his ear for a second, Mâvis shook his head drawing a scowl from the guard. Another guard approached as Avarr stormed into the house and grabbed Ben dragging him back out into the street and shoving him to the ground, “Tell me human, did you kill this warrior?”
Ben flipped onto his back and propped himself off the ground staring back up at Avarr, “I did.”
“Why?” Avarr growled.
“Lúta is my wife.” Ben replied.
Another of the palace guard stepped forward and pointed to Diek’s body, “You honestly expect me to believe you challenged our best warrior on your own? It is far more likely Mâvis challenged him for position!” His eyes now locked on Mâvis’s knowing he was truly the fighter that brought down this warrior.
Ben stood up as he watched Mâvis ready himself for another fight. Ben answered quickly, seeing where this was going, “Yes, I challenged him I and I killed him.” Ben backed up carefully, his hands shaking just a tad as he now had the guard’s full attention.
“That is quite impressive, human, but since I know you are lying we shall see you repeat your little challenge with me.”
“Very well.” He held up one hand as if to ask for a second to gather his thoughts then pulled out his flask to take a swig. The other guards chuckled and Ben looked as if he meant to put the flask back in his jacket. Instead, he peeled the top off and threw it at the guard. The container dropped to the ground and the entire crowd including the guard he had just assaulted erupted into laughter as Mâvis stood eyeing Ben and wondering what he was up to. 
The guard stopped laughing suddenly and Ben darted off to the porch across the alley hiding behind a post and ducking a couple blows from the warrior. Then he grabbed the lantern from the porch and hurled it at the guards face. The alcohol burst into flames as the creature scrambled to grab his face screaming in pain. He took a few steps and the air fed the flames, engulfing the beast. He collapsed to the ground and succumbed quickly.
Ben stood over the flames staring down at the second dead guard praying this was over when a third guard moved forward to seize him. Mâvis and Avarr both pulled their axes now, ready for a battle. Mâvis growled, “There you have it! The human can handle his own challenge! The FIGHT WAS FAIR! The cottage and the woman are his!” Both warriors scanned the crowd for any retribution but it was clear the questions were satisfied and they disbanded. The remaining guards collected the bodies of the two dead warriors.
Mâvis shoved Ben in the door and nodded to Avarr before closing it. He stood watch at the window as Avarr left. Then he looked down at Ben, laughing, “That was good, human! That was very good.” He grabbed Ben by the shoulder shaking him firmly.
Mâvis turned to stroll through the house and see what the property held for rooms and goods. Ben stood silently watching Lúta, her eyes were watering and she tried to look away. He crossed the room and drew her face back pausing only to make sure he could savor this kiss slowly. 
Her hand came up to his face to return his caress and she gave in just as hungry for his touch as he was for hers. Their eyes locked with neither of them willing to give up proximity for the other. “I love you, Lúta. I swear on every fiber of my being you are my soul mate and so long as I breathe I will never stop loving you.” She gave in closing her eyes to kiss him again. 
A few minutes passed and a knock came at the door and Lúta covered Ben’s mouth with her finger as she looked out the window. Avarr had returned with Beatrice and Jocelyn as well as a basket of goods. Avarr kissed Lúta on the cheek as he came in and gave Jocelyn to her so he could join his brother upstairs, snooping around. They came down with a couple of fine weapons and Avarr donning some quality armor. “You did good, human, both of us can stand straight as we like up there.”
 Mâvis slapped Ben on the shoulder and shook him again for a second, “Of course you do know that all this is mine, right? Slaves cannot own property.” He let out a hearty laugh as he went into the kitchen looking around some more. He came back out addressing Avarr, “Looks like a general lives well here. Will this put you up for promotion?”
Avarr loaded the fireplace with wood and worked on a fire. “With you in the village I will be far from promotion, brother. Not like I need it, I do quite well for myself and my wife makes for a comfortable lifestyle with her skills.”
“Not as comfortable as this, Avarr. You should have moved up years ago, how has Diek surpassed you in skill?” 
Avarr paused and replied with quirky smile, “The king does not exactly promote based on those skills. I may very well be lacking the ones he likes. Why do you think he went so long with no wife?”
Beatrice put a teakettle over the fresh fire and opened a new bottle of vodka offering some to all the men and pouring a hefty amount into Ben’s mug. “There you go, to make up for the lot Avarr said you wasted on that wolf earlier.”
Ben thanked her and took a sip before following Lúta into the kitchen to help with whatever she was up to. Beatrice scowled and dragged him back out along with Lúta shoving and scolding him, “You will sit and celebrate like a warrior damn it!”
Mâvis chuckled and pulled out a chair close to the fire, “You do not anger a room full of women, human. Your chances would be better off with the palace guard. Sit and relax, you have earned it.”
Avarr reached over slapping Ben’s knee, “Tell me, human, how you have learned your skills? Instincts like that do not come naturally.” 
He responded by shaking his head, “The only skills I have involve saving life not taking it.” Ben wanted to change the topic as quickly as possible, “Is there a chance the King will take the killing of his guards as insult?”
“Of course he will, but the challenge was for Diek’s wife not for position. Will he respond? He may, it depends on how threatened he feels. After all that happened tonight, you still worry?” Mâvis eyed Ben for a response to Avarr’s question verbal or nonverbal. Avarr pointed at his brother as he spoke, “There is not a warrior in this village that will take on the two of us together. Combined we could take out half the palace guard.” 
The women returned to the parlor with trays full of snacks for the men. Beatrice was barely able to set the tray down when Avarr yanked her off her feet onto his lap. “Hello, woman.” It left his lips with a hearty growl as he stole a kiss. She slapped him hard enough to release her. “You will be sorry for that later.”  He snarled and she flashed him a smile and a wink as she grabbed a biscuit off the table and bit into it. 
Lúta topped off Mâvis and Avarr’s mugs before kissing Bea good night. Then she ran her claw across Ben’s shoulder and he watched her ascend the staircase. He reached for a biscuit off the table when Mâvis grabbed the one he was going for, he pointed up the stairs and spoke, “Your wife just went up to her room, human. She wants you to please her.” For a moment it looked like Ben was honestly lost on the hint. “Very well, if you will not entertain her, I will.” Mâvis stood to take off his armor when it occurred to Ben what he was insinuating.
“My goodness would you look at the time.” Ben looked at a make believe watch and chuckled at the fact that they were totally lost on his reference, “I didn’t realize it was that late already. Good evening, gentlemen.” Turning to push in his chair, he bid Beatrice a good evening as well and made his way up the stairs to find Lúta’s room.
She was already stripped down to her shift when he came in. The candle light cast a warm glow all over her curvy body and the shadows leftover gave hint to all the places his hands wanted to be. She released her bun letting her hair tumble down over her shoulders and he immediately dove his hands into it to find her neck and draw her close for a kiss. 
She was so familiar to him and yet after all this time she felt so new again. The taste of her, the smell of her, the warmth of her touch. He reached around the back of her shift to untie it and she helped drawing her claw through the front and letting it slip to the ground. Ben backed her up until she found herself cornered between him and the bed, then he pulled her legs out from underneath her and pushed her down on it.
He kissed her greedily until her breasts were heaving for him then he knelt to the floor and buried his face in her thighs. Mastering her clit with his tongue and stopping every so often to claim her juices. He could feel her claws draw through his hair and as intimidating as that sensation was it turned him on more and he wiped his chin and buried himself inside her.
She gasped at the sudden change in sensations and it fed his drive more. She was so tight and wet he was afraid he would find himself spent before she did. He tried slowing his rhythm and learned quickly that wouldn’t be an option as her claws clamped down on his butt cheeks. 
He grunted through the pain and made an immediate mental note about asking her to file those down a bit. She came quickly with the pace and he threw her leg up so he could bury himself deeper and get her hands somewhere a little more comfortable. It took a few good strokes for him to release and as he collapsed to the bed he pulled her leg across his lap.
She giggled as she propped herself up, “Are you going to let me go?”
He cleared his throat and shook his head, “Never. Not after went I went through to get you back.”
Lúta’s voice lost all laughter. He did go through so much to get her back. He had endured so much after nearly being killed by her brother and taken slave to Ormr and now Mâvis. Somehow, he still found his way back to her. Lúta laid her head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat, knowing full well it was beating for her. He meant what he said, she mattered.



Chapter 24

The next morning Ben snuck out of bed to make breakfast. He bustled around the kitchen whistling and humming as he scrambled up some eggs and cheese and whipped up a fresh batch of biscuits. Beatrice was the first to make it into the kitchen, half-asleep. “What are you doing in here, Abbott?”
He darted around her carrying a tray stacked with food and some hot tea. He paused only to put some dried flowers into the empty cup he had on the tray. Ben scooted past Avarr who was now just arriving in the kitchen. He scowled after Ben as he was on his way up the stairs with the tray; then turned to Beatrice, “What was that?”
“I do believe it is what a human looks like when he is in love.” Beatrice chimed as she peered around her husband to watch Ben go up the stairs. “He has not smiled once since he arrived here, now he is nothing but smile.” She now scowled at Avarr, “You never smile like this.”
Avarr faked a toothy grin as he reached for the teakettle. Beatrice returned the halfhearted attempt with an icy glare as she grabbed a couple biscuits and stormed out of the Kitchen.
 Jocelyn now wandered into the kitchen with her father right behind. Mâvis snatched her up off the floor and plopped her on the counter offering her a dried flower to play with while he fixed her a plate of food, “What is this? Beatrice must have been up early.”
Avarr rolled his eyes, “It was neither my wife that did all this, nor Lúta…and your servant is making trouble for me with his joyous endeavors in wooing a wife he already has.”
Mâvis laughed, “Let him enjoy it for a bit. He has had a rough go of getting her back.”
Avarr watched Mâvis feed Jocelyn a few bites of the eggs, as he taunted, “No doubt you are in part to blame for that. You have always been rough to deal with, brother.”
“It made you a better warrior, did it not? As it will him. When I met him, he froze before me like a lamb waiting for kill. Now he is practically taking on his own challengers and without so much as a flinch. As soon as I get my wife back I think I am going to train him just to see what his is capable of.” Mâvis was practically in a purr with pride. 
“You mean to train a human? Would be a bit of a waste, they are lazy and puny.”
Mâvis replied, “He is not so lazy as the lot you have running around on this island, and when he is pushed he answers.”
Avarr grunted, “Well if he continues to make trouble for me he will have no time to answer. Not to mention if he carries on like this in public he will make a mockery of your name.”
Mâvis took a few bites of the eggs himself before washing it down with his tea, “I did not say I would not address it. I just said he could have today. Besides, should he want to cook, you will find no argument from me, I swear this is better than your wife’s.” Mâvis snatched Jocelyn off the counter and put her on the floor before grabbing her plate, then he slapped Avarr on the back.
Avarr growled after him as he left the kitchen, “Now you surely wish a cruel death on the creature.” The moment Mâvis left, Avarr glared at the eggs and sneered. He took a gulp of his tea before tossing a quick look out the kitchen door to see who might be watching, then he stuck a fork full into his mouth and shoved it onto the plate. “Just as I thought, not nearly as good as Bea’s.” He spun around and worked quickly on his tea to wash the taste out of his mouth. Not even a full swig later he found himself wanting more and he peered out into the parlor again before devouring the last of the eggs in a few quick bites. “Mmm, perhaps I need a servant at home as well. Damned humans.” He tossed the fork back to the plate and stormed out of the kitchen.
Both the brothers got dressed and went out to work for the day as Ben set about rearranging rooms to give Mâvis the master suite as ordered. The house was huge in comparison to the other cottages that surrounded. With a full second floor, that boasted three rooms and endless storage in the eaves. He left the smallest room with finishing touches a young girl would like. Including a couple of hand tied rag dolls and a well-crafted rocking horse. 
Both the women stood marveling over his patience in showing the little girl how to use it. They whispered to each other as Jocelyn giggled with glee on the ride. Beatrice leaned over to Lúta, “You are going to find yourself busy with all the cubs he is going to give you.”
She replied bashfully, “Can you imagine what they will look like with his fluffy black curls?” They both giggled and shoved at each other, catching his attention as he tried to help steady Jocelyn on her new ride. He smiled and winked at the two of them and Bea shoved Lúta out of the doorway laughing heartily as she pursued her friend down the hall. 
As soon as Jocelyn settled in for a nap, Ben went to work setting up the washroom for better ease of use for the women. He finished with a quick bath and shave before relaxing in the parlor as Mâvis and Avarr came in for lunch.
Mâvis sat at the table with a bowl of stew and a loaf of bread, breaking it open and offering the other half to his brother as he addressed Ben, “Did you make this or the women?” He used the bread to sop up the juices and chewed slowly as he waited for his answer.
Ben was still drying his hair with the towel, “That would be the women, I have been fulfilling your list all day.”
“That is good, human. I expect after today you will leave the women’s chores to the women.” He watched Ben answer with a bit of an eye roll and then a nod. His reluctance angered the creature and he added, “I also expect your displays of affection to remain in your quarters. You will not make a mockery of my name.”
“Understood, sir.” Ben tossed the towel over his shoulder and started to lace up his boots.
“Where are you off to now?” Avarr inquired. 
Ben sat back to throw on his shirt, “There are two full cords of manly chores behind the house that need chopping and stacking. I might as well keep myself useful.”
The moment he left Avarr turned back to Mâvis, “I honestly do not know how you tolerate his behavior. I would have torn through him by now.”
Mâvis replied, “No, I like his defiance. He is quite entertaining at times. Besides, he has learned what I will respond to and knows my limits.” Mâvis smiled at Lúta as she passed, then he dropped his spoon into his bowl and followed her into the kitchen. 
“Hello, Lúta, I trust you slept well.” He poured himself some more tea as he eyed her reaction to his offensive insinuation.  He put the tea down and cornered her by the sink basin putting an outstretched arm on either side of her and looking her in the eyes so she knew he was dead serious, “I have returned your husband to you.”
She swallowed hard and held her breath in fear of what his request was going to be, “I am grateful, Mâvis.”
“As well as in my debt. Are you not?” He watched her nod slowly, “Then you can repay my kindness by getting a message to my wife.”
She finally let go of her breath as full panic washed over her face, “She is well guarded, Mâvis. The king knows you are here.”
Mâvis spun her around and held her face still as he reached past her and opened the curtain on the window, “You see him out there working for you?” She nodded as her eyes started to water, “He risked his life many times to make it here and every day that he is with you he risks it again. Do you want him protected?” Again she nodded, and choked out a sob, “Good, then you will find a way to make it happen I am sure.” He tucked a small package into her cleavage, “You know if neither of us ends up with a spouse we could still always have each other.” He took a firm grip on her breast sparking a retaliation from her that left a good-sized scratch across his face. 
He grinned and winked as he wiped off the blood and watched her chest heave in anger. His face straightened quickly, “Very good, woman, I expect word from her soon then.”  He strolled out of the kitchen and ushered his brother to leave with him.
As dinnertime came, Lúta served Ben, Mâvis, and Jocelyn before removing her apron and going upstairs. Ben sat for a moment quietly before shaking his head and turning to look up the stairs. “I do believe my wife is not feeling well, I’ll be back.”
Mâvis was feeding Jocelyn, “She is fine, you will stay.” Ben stopped at the staircase and turned on his heel, pressing his lips together. His master asked, “Something on your mind, human?”
Ben thought quickly on how to address this, “You’re right it is probably nothing. Females.” He chuckled as he dove back into his meal eating quickly. The moment Mâvis told him to stay Ben knew something happened. To let on that information would be dangerous right now. He had to eat his meal as if nothing occurred to him and go check on her in natural a course of events. He reached to finish off with his tea and spoke, “That was good, do you need anything from me before I turn in for the evening?”
“Yes, you may finish your wife’s duties.” Mâvis pushed Jocelyn’s empty plate to the middle of the table and turned to finish his own food. 
Ben threw on his wife’s apron and retrieved the dishes before going into the kitchen, “Of course just this afternoon you warned me not to help with her duties.” The comment drew a warning growl. He took his time cleaning knowing Mâvis would pack up Jocelyn soon and bring her to bed. He quickly wiped down the table and removed the waste before creeping up the hallway to his wife’s room with a bowl of food. He opened the door to find her in tears and he quietly closed it behind himself. 
He rushed over to her vanity placing a bowl of stew in front of her and brushing away her tears. She smiled and leaned on him as he whispered in her ear, “What is it? Please tell me.”
Lúta reached her arm around his back and leaned in closer for a hug, “It has just been a long time without you, that is all. I have a lot to shake out of my mind.” She watched his eyes in hopes he believed her.
Ben kissed her tenderly, “It’s okay, I’m here now. I’m not going anywhere I promise.” He watched her eyes close as she let out a long breath and more tears fell, then he pulled her in tighter and stroked her hair. “Shhh, it’s okay you can cry if you want to. Just let it out.”
Mâvis stood outside the door listening quietly to see if she let on any hint of their conversation earlier. He saw their shadows move to the bed to make love and he sheathed his hunting knife before heading to his bed.
In the morning, Lúta left very early. The kitchen at the palace was bustling already with a full staff preparing the meal for the king and his guards. She saw a breakfast tray that had been prepared for Genevieve sitting on the counter and bit back her fear of even passing towards that side of the kitchen. She knew full well the lead cook would want to know what she was up to and that tray was ready to leave. 
She picked up a mop and made her way across the room to use it quickly. The cook stopped mixing her bowl and stood staring at her, “What are you doing?”
Lúta chuckled, “I am sorry, someone left a bit of a mess over here and I did not want anyone to slip.” The cook scowled and turned to grab some spices out of the closet. The moment she turned her back Lúta stuffed the tiny package under the queen’s overturned teacup. Then she continued mopping the floor.
The cook came back out of the spice closet still giving her the wary eye, “Do you not have enough of your own work to do?”
Lúta returned the scowl to the bitter old bat, “I was just trying to help is all.” As she scoffed and dragged the mop back over to the dish sink to start her own chores. She checked over her shoulder periodically to see if the tray moved. Finally a chambermaid came to retrieve it and bring it up to the queen. Lúta closed her eyes and whispered, “Please find her safely” as she continued washing her dishes.
A few minutes later the tray made it to Genevieve’s room. She sat getting ready for  the day as she pinned her hair up to change from her evening wear, then she went to the tray and flipped over her tea cup to pour some tea. A tiny package lay under it and Genie glanced at the chambermaid to see if she noticed, before snatching the package off the tray. “I need to get ready if you do not mind, you can come back later if you like.”
The maid shot her a curt glare, “Are you sure?”
“Yes! Must I forever be surrounded by you people, am I not entitled to some privacy?” The queen returned her glare and the woman picked up her laundry basket and left. Genie looked down at the tiny package in her hand and untied the string allowing the bundle to fall open. She sucked in her breath and nearly collapsed where she stood, she fumbled around behind herself looking for her chair without taking her eyes off the gift. Tears fell freely and she closed her palm around the single lock of Jocelyn’s hair. 
Of course he would come for her, nothing could stop Mâvis from what he wanted, even if it meant putting their daughter in danger. She let out a sob and clutched the lock to her chest. A few hours later Genie found her composure and snuck down to the kitchen. She cloaked herself and scurried in after a chambermaid left, grabbing Lúta by the hand and dragging her back out.
Lúta’s face was covered in worry, “What are you doing? You will get us caught.” 
Genevieve covered her friend’s mouth with one finger, “I will not, I promise, I must see her, Lúta. I must see my daughter.” She searched her friend’s face for an answer. “Please can you bring her?”
“I cannot bring that cub here, she would be in danger.”
Genie pressed her lips together as she heard footsteps coming. The two of them ducked into a dark hall and Genie covered herself with the cloak. They heard the outside door opened and close. The two women peered out from behind the shadows to see if whoever was in the hall had left. Genie turned to Lúta, “Go, see if it is safe to leave, I will follow you.”
Shock washed over Lúta’s face, “I am on shift, my absence will be noticed.”
“I swear I will be quick. If I know Mâvis he will be working, I must be out of there before he returns.” Genie’s pleas were desperate.
“What if you are noticed, the king will come for you Genie.” Lúta took both Genevieve’s hands, they were trembling as much as her own. “Okay, come take my clothes, your clothes are too fine to walk the street even with your cloak you will be noticed quickly. You go to my house and you come back before dinner. I swear if you fail the guards will kill us both.”
The women quickly swapped clothing and Genevieve put back on the cloak. She covered her face and Lúta plucked a market basket from the kitchen to ensure she looked like she was running errands. The two women kissed each other and wiped each other’s cheeks of tears before Genie dashed out the door. She quickly made her way up towards the street Lúta’s house was on, keeping her hood pulled down tight and her face lowered.
The minute she made it to the alley she dashed as fast as her feet could carry her and opened the door closing it quickly behind herself. She was completely out of breath as Ben peered out from the kitchen to see who was there. His jaw dropped open out of complete shock as Genevieve pulled back her hood, “Where is she?” Tears streamed down her face already.
Jocelyn appeared at his feet after hearing that voice. She immediately let out a cry and dashed across the floor to her mother’s open arms. Genie snatched her up and twirled into a chair sobbing and stroking the child’s hair. She kissed her daughter and sucked in the smell of her before letting out long breath and sobbing again. 
Ben was moved to tears himself as he ducked back into the kitchen to give the woman some privacy. 
She quietly kissed and rocked Jocelyn until the little girl was asleep in her arms. The door opened again this time Mâvis came in. Genevieve stood to leave as Mâvis laid his axe on the table and pulled off his armor. “Hello, love. It is good to see you, although you look somewhat surprised to see me.”
She shielded Jocelyn with her coat and backed away from him to leave, “Why did you bring her here, Mâvis? She is in danger. You all are in danger.”
“Sit down, woman!” He rumbled as he spoke and Jocelyn snapped awake and clung to her mother crying. Mâvis peeled the jacket back and reached for Jocelyn to caress her hair. His eyes softened and this time he was far more humble when he spoke, “Soothe her, she needs you.” He swallowed back his own pain and reached up to caress Genie’s cheek.
She obeyed his order and sat down again, Mâvis took a seat next to her, watching her with his daughter. Genevieve looked longingly at the little girl as she started to doze off again. Her lips trembled as she spoke, “I have missed her so much.” She kissed the little girl and then looked back at Mâvis.  
He ran his hand through Genevieve’s hair before caressing her cheek. How he missed her, even in these servants’ rags she was stunning. “Take her upstairs, she has a beautiful room.”
Genie’s face melted into tears again, “Lúta, is in danger I have to return to the palace.” Again she stood to leave.
Mâvis stood as she did and inflated his chest with air before letting out a growl, “You are going nowhere. Human, take my daughter upstairs!” Ben immediately emerged from the kitchen and took Jocelyn.
“But, Mâvis, my husband will come for me.”
He snatched his axe off the table and backed her up into a wall before cramming the blade into the door jamb above her head “I am your HUSBAND! And I am betting on Vidar coming for you. If you love him you can watch as I rip his heart from his chest!”
“I hate that man.” Her breasts heaved with anger and she bit back her own rage, “I would gladly watch but I will not put my daughter in danger to do it!”
Mâvis reached for her face as his voice softened again, “My head is not clear without you. You and she both will always be safe with me, you know this.” His eyes searched her face for whatever emotion she could possibly be hiding from him. The moment he heard Ben close the door to Jocelyn’s room he snatched her mouth up with his in a long drawn out kiss. 
He released her to see her reaction as she spoke, “Lúta is still at the palace, she waits for me.” Her lips trembled.
Mâvis growled again, “Damn it, woman, I will bind you if I must! You are NOT returning to that palace!” He kissed her again quieting her protest as he ripped the front of her blouse off her shoulder. He silently cursed his lost claws, as he would have shredded this garment by now. He lifted one of her legs and threw her skirts backwards to feel her thighs, so firm and warm. “Oh, how I have missed you, woman.” He found his way inside her quickly and now both her legs were off the ground as he drove her up into the wall stopping only to devour more of her mouth. 
He grunted as the sensation of her claws ran across his back feeding his appetite for her even more. He felt her release for him and found himself doing the same after a few feverish thrusts. He kissed her more now, and refused to let her go as he sunk to his knees with her still wrapped around him. She squirmed to escape him as she realized he wasn’t about to stop anytime soon. It was useless to struggle as his kissing was relentless again and he soon had her back in the same feverish frenzy he was in.
When he finally collapsed with his head against the wall, he was completely breathless. She drew her claws through his mane of hair until he finally looked into her eyes. “I swear I will never lose you again, Genevieve. I love you.”
“I love you too, Mâvis, but I am so scared.” She swallowed back her fears and scrambled to put herself into a decent state before anyone else walked in.
Lúta made it home late in the evening to find Ben sitting on the front steps drinking from his flask. The crossbow sat on his lap. He took immediate note of her fancy attire, “You look amazing.” He scooted aside to make room for her as she sat, she looked away from him trying to fight back tears and he drew her face back around, “Hey, it’s okay dear. Everything will be fine.”
 “No, Ben it will not. I fear what they will do to you.” She brushed his hand off her face, “They will torture you Ben. She was supposed to come back before Vidar returned, it is nightfall and she still has not returned. I risked my life, hiding in a closet all day so I would not be seen in her gown. They are going to come for her and they will be sure to punish every one of us.” The fear in her eyes nearly scared him. “This is treason.”
He was apologetic, “It’s not her fault. Mâvis won’t let her leave.” He reached through her rejection and touched her face again.
She closed her eyes and leaned into him as he put his arm around her and drew her close. They sat together for about an hour until Beatrice and Avarr came up the walkway. Avarr laid his axe by the door and stood pouring some vodka for Ben. “You look chilled, human.”
Ben flashed his flask, “Thanks, but I already have some.” 
Avarr leaned next to them on the stoop and took a swig off the mug himself, “Beatrice, bring us out some food, love.”
Lúta stood and brushed off her dress before preceding Bea into the house. The two of them entered the kitchen to find Genevieve in there still teary-eyed from her continued discussion with Mâvis. 
Mâvis rolled his eyes as the two women walked in, seeing he had no privacy he ducked out of the kitchen passing between the two of them. He paused for a second to gloat at Lúta, “You did well, woman.” She responded with vicious slap across the face, and the rage in her eyes burned. Mâvis rubbed his cheek and laughed as he went outside to join the men. 
Lúta noticed Genevieve’s sleeve was torn, “Are you alright?”
The question pulled her out of her thoughts and she looked down as if she had forgotten about the sleeve, “Goodness, yes. You know he would never hurt a woman. He was a little too eager is all.” Her expression turned desperate, “I need to escape. If I do not return Vidar will come looking for me.”
Lúta looked away and bit her lip to keep it from trembling, then brought her eyes back to Genie, “If you leave, Mâvis will kill Ben.”
Genie rolled her eyes in frustration, “Ben saved our daughter. Why is he bringing this on us?”
Beatrice pulled the queen into her arms as the woman let out a sob. Bea stroked her hair, “Everything will right itself, you have to have faith.”
 Lúta reached for Genie’s torn sleeve and pulled a sewing kit from her pocket to close the tear. After a few minutes of fumbling with the thread in frustration, Beatrice grabbed it from her hands and turned Genie into the light, “Pin it for me, please.” Lúta held the garment together as Bea sewed it, “There, that ought to hold you for a bit.”

Chapter 25

The house remained pretty full for the next few days as the three families swapped off watching for Vidar to come for his bride. Mâvis and Avarr would take turns with work duties as well, to keep the home stocked and fed.
Ben had just finished a few repairs when he came into the kitchen for lunch finding Mâvis and Genie locked in a kiss by the sink. Mâvis shoved off her grunting at the interruption and went into the parlor to sit for lunch. Ben poured some tea and followed him to the table offering him one of the mugs, “You’re back for lunch early today.”
Mâvis didn’t respond as he sat chewing at his newly growing claws. Ben reached down and grabbed one of Mâvis’s hands to inspect them. He released the hand quickly seeing the deadly scowl this drew and asked, “Is biting them a good idea?”
Mâvis reached for the tea Ben had put on the table, “I sharpen them with my teeth. Perhaps you should try it. Your claws are like paper.”
“A symbiotic relationship, that is fascinating. If I tried that I would be at a loss for both my claws and my teeth.” Ben replied as he sat sipping on his own tea. Genevieve and Lúta brought food in for both of the men and joined them to eat it.
“I have no patience for your riddles, human.” Mâvis grumbled.
 Ben toyed with his food for a moment before turning back to Mâvis, “I have a question,” He thought carefully on it for second but realized that he now had to commit to it as Mâvis was staring at him, waiting to hear. “When you and Avarr go to work, where do you go?”
Mâvis brushed the question off as insignificant and returned to his food, “That is not your concern.”
Genevieve immediately snapped at him, “Mâvis!”
He sat up and let off a low growl before turning back to Ben, “Why do you need to know? Would you like to do it?” The reply started in a sneer but ended in a hearty grin most likely at the thought of Ben completing the task in his mind.
“I’m just curious, I mean I can’t imagine Avarr is still at the palace as a guard. I’m more than sure you’re not. With every creature here appearing to be on edge at your presence I just wonder where is there left to find employment?” Ben now chewed himself out for being so stupid as to inquire. 
Mâvis shot a look to Genevieve to show his reluctant, obedience and then back down to his food as he spoke, “There is always work for a thug as you like to say. I am called upon to enforce contracts. There is never a shortage of this work for me, even when I am hired as guard.”
Genevieve butted in, “He is not just sought out for his skill however. Mâvis is fair no matter who employs him. He can see through lies quickly and will not take kindly to deception for his skills.”
Mâvis was now eyeing Ben for signs of his reaction as Genevieve spoke, he watched as Ben bit at his inner lip quietly, never looking up. He stopped looking when she finished speaking and took another bite of his food before issuing an order, “Share your thoughts, Abbott.”
Ben stopped chewing and looked back at Mâvis in shear shock of the fact that he heard his own name, “I just find what Genie said fascinating. At times I am not sure who I serve is all. You’re always full of surprises. One day I’m in the service of the ruthless and unforgiving Mâvis and the next it is the fair man she describes. The one that saved my wife and avenged my death. The part I find difficult is that I never know which one I’m in the presence of.” 
Ben stood and picked up his plate to leave as Mâvis sat dwelling on Ben’s words. He picked at his teeth for a moment as if deep in thought then he turned to his wife as if to say something only to find her eyes burning into him.  He kissed her on the forehead and flashed a toothy grin as he stood to leave, “What? I must keep him on his toes, woman. He will not last long here if he is too comfortable.” 

Chapter 26

Beatrice and Ben went a few times to get supplies from her home for the new place and on one of the trips back they were stopped by a guard from King William’s army. “Is your husband home?” Bea stopped dead in her tracks and watched him approach, she was immediately suspicious of the heavily scarred warrior, “I am sorry, woman. My name is Reagan and I am looking for Avarr…Or even better Mâvis.”
“I am sorry I do not know who you speak of, good evening.” She turned to go back into her house and lock the door. Ben followed her a bit confused as he looked back over his shoulder at the  heavy scarred warrior.
The guard cleared his throat, “Forgive me, but I know the human you are with to be his slave and the tavern owner said I would find him in this cottage.”
She tugged Ben inside and went to shut the door, “Well you are wrong, now go before I summon our guards.”
Reagan stomped up to the door and shoved his foot into it, “Would you not find that risky seeing that you harbor your king’s fugitive bride? I am here to lend my assistance and Mâvis sent for me.”
She opened the door back up and peered up at him apologetically,  “I was being cautious. If you will wait at the tavern I will fetch him.”
“That is much better. Just to be sure he is prompt I will hold his human till he comes. Should Mâvis stand me up he will make nice gift for King William.” Reagan shot Ben a glare and nodded in the direction of the tavern.
Ben followed reluctantly, “I really should make sure she gets back safely.”
Reagan laughed, “You are nothing if not funny, human, what would you protect her from? She would fare better protecting you.” Reagan held the tavern door open and shoved Ben in. 
There was a lot of King William’s men already in the tavern, drinking heavily and laughing. Reagan walked up to the bar and threw a bag of trinkets down for the barkeep to go through. “Feed my friend whatever he likes.”
“Thank you,” Ben replied before turning to the barkeep, “Do you have any more of that deer meat? I swear if I eat anymore wolf I will become one.”  Reagan went to talk to some of the other warriors as Ben was served a heaping plate of meat and vegetables.
It took all of a few minutes for Reagan to get lost in discussion with a few other warriors. The moment he turned his back Kevin and Mark stepped up to the bar looking to take advantage of an opportunity, both to get paid and to get rid of the man-killer, Mâvis. “These warriors are looking for your master.” Kevin slapped Ben on the back, “They are looking to pay well for his whereabouts.” 
Ben rolled his eyes, fearing that if he did not get rid of these two before Mâvis showed up this would turn into a bloodbath. He casually went to reach for his ale, “I’m sorry I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Mark leaned on the bar eyeing Ben now, trying to intimidate him into answering, “You should give him up, he will kill you when he is through with you. How do you think he ended up with that little girl?”
Ben put the mug down and glared hard back into Mark’s eyes, “First off you don’t know what you’re talking about. Second off you need to go.” 
Kevin whirled Ben’s chair back around to his direction, “Look, I know you can’t talk freely in front of him but he isn’t here. Come up with some excuse to drag him down here and let these guys handle him.”
Ben finished chewing and rolled his eyes, “Damn it, what is wrong with you? Take a fucking hint!” He cocked his fist and swung hard at Kevin. 
The man fell back and Mark grabbed Ben pinning him for Kevin to retaliate. Ben leaned into the man that was pinning him and kicked Kevin in the chest before heaving forward and pulling Mark over his body and sending him to the floor. Reagan grinned and accepted a wager on the slave to win as bets started flying around the room
As Mark made it to his feet he pulled a long hunting knife from his boot and readied it to continue the fight, “Why are you protecting him? He is a killer and a fugitive!”
Mâvis shoved through the crowed and grabbed the hand with the knife. He pulled upwards crushing Mark’s hand and snapping his wrist. When the knife was released, he snatched Mark by the throat. “He was not protecting me, human. He was protecting you.”     
The man wailed in pain as Ben shoved him from Mâvis’s grip and stood between the two of them, “You don’t need to kill them I was handling it.”
“Very well, then handle it.” Mâvis shoved the knife at Ben’s chest and grinned menacingly.
Ben rolled his eyes and turned to see Kevin already gone and Mark backing up towards the bar as he coddled his broken arm. Mark begged, “You don’t have to do this. I won’t bother you again, I swear.” 
Ben closed his eyes and took in a deep breath before nodding towards the door Kevin had escaped through. He turned back to face Mâvis’s icy glare and threw the knife at the creature’s feet.  Mâvis uncrossed his arms and grabbed Ben by the shoulder to whisper in his ear, “You will answer for that later, wait by the door.” He gave Ben a painful squeeze and shoved past him to address Reagan, “Who did you bring?” 
Reagan winked as he turned looking out over the entire tavern. Several of William’s warriors stood up and walked over laughing and shaking Mâvis’s hand. There was a few he did not recognize and one man from Ormr’s village he did recognize as a childhood friend. “That is not all. It appears most of Vidar’s guard want little to do with him. You are looking at an army of defectors and more to come.”
The rest of the room stood at attention as they realized Reagan was addressing them. One stepped forward, “I am Thomas, I serve Vidar but it is only out of compliance. He is a weak leader and leaves us vulnerable to attack from Ormr and Freyr. When we question him it is treason and he kills us or our families.”
Mâvis grinned, “This is good, so should I challenge him there will not be retribution...excellent. I think you will find that my brother will make a great king.” He lifted his mug to toast the men.
Avarr shoved his way through the crowd, “I will do no such thing!” A few growls could be heard in answer to Avarr’s protest.
Mâvis responded with an angry glare, “Why not? Your men are already behind you.”
Avarr got in Mâvis’s face and grabbed his shoulders to give him no place to go. He stared into his brother’s eyes so the meaning would be clear, “It is we who are behind you.”
Mâvis shook off his brother’s grip and picked up his axe. He used the head of it to shove Avarr back, “It will never happen so get it out of your heads.” He pushed past his brother to leave. 
Avarr called after him, “We need a leader that strikes fear into our enemies Mâvis! No one is feared more than you.”
The beast spun completely around on his feet and charged at his brother in full rage, “I will not make my family a target for retaliation! And if you think Vidar is scary as your leader can you imagine the damage I will do to those who cross me? The difference is I DO NOT NEED HENCHMEN to do my bidding. I will gladly do it MYSELF!”
“Whoever crosses you, deserves it! You know you were BORN for THIS!” Avarr spoke harshly through his clenched teeth. Mâvis released his brother and watched as he composed himself. “You have warriors from across our world pledging themselves to serve you, Mâvis. Myself included! Look around you! We need this!”
Thomas spoke again, “Vidar is in fear for his kingdom already, he sent for Ormr yesterday and means to confront you when reinforcements arrive. If you wish to gain the upper hand there is no time to waste.”
Reagan pushed Thomas aside, “Hear me out, old friend, King William has pledged his warriors for your aid. We are here in full support and if you defeat Vidar, I will stay on as your guard. There is no one I would rather serve and surely you can see your wife protected in my hands.”
Mâvis stood silently as he scanned the room in disgust. He turned to his brother and spoke, “I serve no one. I am taking my family out of here.” He pushed back through the crowd and shoved Ben out the door as he stormed out.
They spent the evening packing up the necessities for a long journey. Genevieve stood in the doorway watching Mâvis sharpen his axe by hand. She held Jocelyn on her hip, “We should not run from this, Mâvis. If you can defeat him we will be safer here.”
“We are leaving, woman.” His voice was quiet and overly controlled as he focused his concentration on the blade of the axe.
“There is no place left for us to go. You have made an enemy of every king and I will not raise our daughter in the mountains.” She waited and when she got no answer, she continued. “You can go, Mâvis, I will not.”
He stood slamming the axe into the table as he swore through gritted teeth, “I will steal you away in the night, just like before, you belong to me!”
She stood her ground unapologetically defiant, “I am the QUEEN, Mâvis. You spend your life protecting and serving men unworthy of leadership and then cower and run when your WIFE calls upon your service!” Her daughter squirmed on her hip as the conversation got heated.
Mâvis reached for Jocelyn to calm her as he spoke, “You honestly wish to rule? Do you even know the danger you will bring upon her? Do you care?”
Genie shoved his hand off her daughter, “Do you care? Do you want to see her grow up in constant war? Do you wish to see her spend her life secluded in the mountains, lonely? I will not allow that, Mâvis. I will defy you till my last breath.” She stopped to hear his reaction as he just stood reading her face. He reached up to caress her cheek and she slapped his hand off before he could touch her and stormed up the stairs with Jocelyn. 
He stood thinking long and hard on her words before he went outside to cool off. He sat on the stoop picking at his teeth with his claws in silence as Ben came out and addressed him “I need to return to Beatrice’s for some supplies for the trip, I’ll be right back.”
“Stay Abbott.” Mâvis’s words stopped Ben in his tracks fearing retribution from the events at the tavern.
Ben leaned on the fence post, crossed his arms over his chest, and noticed instead that Mâvis was deep in thought. “Would you like my opinion?” The comment drew a scowl and Ben thought hard on his words for a moment, “Had you ever met Diek before the challenge?” Mâvis shook his head in response and looked away almost dismissing the question. So Ben proceeded with the next, “You don’t find it the least bit remarkable that he knew who you were instantly?”
Mâvis was now irritated over the questioning, “Of course not, everyone knows who I am.”
Ben scratched at the stubble on his chin for a moment, “Exactly. You command a level of respect from your peers these leaders will never attain. Ormr and Vidar are not leaders. They fear their own people so much that they must muscle them into submission with torture and intimidation. The truth is no matter where you go or who you pledge your loyalty to, you will be seen as a threat eventually by those you serve. Well, with the exception of one leader…” 
Mâvis scoffed, “You speak of King William? I would never serve him.”
“No, actually I was referring to your wife.” He swallowed back the chuckle seeing Mâvis meet the comment with a scowl but it melted quickly into a grin. The human was right, Genie was right. She deserved to be queen, and would he have not stolen her from Ormr, she would be queen now. 
Mâvis stood and grabbed his axe, “Go inside, you will not be safe out here tonight. I will send Reagan to stand watch.”
 Mâvis entered the tavern again, the entire room went quiet as Mâvis looked around and stopped when he reached Thomas, “If we do this I will not wait, we take the palace tonight. I have no time to decide who is loyal to Vidar.”
The guard grabbed his spear and proceeded to the door, “The only guards left on his staff are those who are loyal to him. There may be eight or nine on tonight at the most. Vidar’s only hope is Ormr coming with back up and by the time Ormr arrives you will be king and with a full staff.”
Avarr walked past slapping his brother on the back, “I knew you could not resist.” 
Quietly the war party approached the castle, Avarr and a few others scaled the wall entering through the balcony as the two guards at the door were taken out by crossbow. Mâvis stormed through the halls taking out every guard he came across with ease. By the time he met up with his brother in the great hall they were both bloody and out of breath. 
Two warriors came in behind them dragging Vidar and throwing him to the ground as Mâvis grinned, “Hello, Vidar.”
Vidar scrambled to his feet, “You will never get away with this, Ormr is on his way as we speak.”
Mâvis swung his axe knocking Vidar back to the floor, “Good, I was hoping he would come. At least he can fight!” The next swing took off Vidar’s foot and sent the king screaming in pain as he fell on his back in delirium. Mâvis knelt over him and slapped at his face, “You honestly think you can steal my wife and see no consequence?”
Mâvis stood to watch the king squirm in pain as he ordered him to crawl. Vidar struggled to roll onto his stomach and make for the direction of the balcony. As soon as it looked like Vidar was able to make it to his knee, Mâvis belted him in the face with the broad side of the axe again sending the king onto his back. This time he took off the other foot and knelt down to watch the pain in Vidar’s face. Mâvis spoke softly, “Can you still crawl? I wish to see you try to escape me with your last breath.”
Vidar was too engulfed in pain to respond or even try to move. He reached for Mâvis’s leg and looked as if he wanted to say something when Mâvis hauled him off the floor and over to the balcony. He shoved Vidar onto the ledge and climbed up taking a spear from Avarr. Mâvis stood over the king looking down into his eyes and heaved the spear up to bring it down full force into Vidar’s chest before jumping back to the balcony floor. 
Mâvis watched as the last traces of life left the king’s eyes then turned to Avarr, “The village will wake to a new king. I want the rest of this place cleaned up before my wife comes home.”

Chapter 27

In the morning, the village woke to find the racks on fire and the bodies of the dead guards laying in the square. Ben covered Jocelyn’s face with a blanket as he carried her through it to avoid her seeing the carnage. 
The bodies brought to mind the day Mâvis was tied waiting for the racks at Ormr’s island and then the warriors Mâvis had killed on the trail to King William’s. Ben was awestruck as he looked over the mangled mess. He shook off the image and turned to head into the palace only to look up and see the body of Vidar dangling from the balcony ledge in a gruesome mess.
Mâvis was right, he was far more brutal than the other kings. Ben was shoved from behind by Reagan, “You admire his work I see, that is to bring fear into any who would be disloyal or wish to challenge him.”
Ben retorted, “Trust me the message is clear on its own merits, no need to explain.”
It took a few days to clean up the mess with Ben and Lúta left to direct in most of the work. Mâvis set about immediately to meet with King William as they took watch on the beach waiting for Ormr’s men.
By the third night the small army made landfall with a few of Vidar’s remaining loyals in tow. Ormr’s men stood ready on the beach as Ormr climbed out of his boat. “What is this? Where is Vidar?”
Mâvis readied his axe and answered, “He waits for you to join him.”
Ormr’s guards took aim and Mâvis relaxed grinning as they quickly realized how outnumbered they were. Ormr sneered, “You are king?” he looked around at the battalion and pressed his lips together, “There is no need for us to fight, Mâvis. We were friends once, does that not matter?”
“It may have before you sold my wife.” Mâvis kept his gaze fixed on Ormr.
His anger took over, “Was she not to be MY WIFE FIRST? What gave you the right?” He stepped forward as Mâvis’s guards took aim and the entire beach broke into a well-meant standoff. Ormr put up both his arms showing surrender, “Why should I sacrifice my men over your ill-gotten gains? Clearly, you two conspired to overthrow Vidar. Why should I be next?” His disgust now turning on King William as he got back in the boat. 
Mâvis lowered his weapon and grinned as he rumbled, “Very good, Ormr, you know your limits at least. Run you coward.”
As the boats left William turned to Mâvis, “Why would you let him leave? You should have killed him.”
Mâvis shook his head, “His guards are loyal to no end, it would create retaliation with vengeance. Let me see how many of his men defect after learning I rule, then we make our move.”
The two war parties made their way back into the village to see a massive celebration underway. The two kings pushed through the packed square to make it up to the palace only to find a feast waiting.  Mâvis found Genevieve sitting at the table with Lúta and Beatrice. He pulled her off the seat by her arm leading her to the balcony and shutting the door behind them. 
She backed up to the railing never taking her eyes off him as she smiled mischievously. “Do you need something from me, My King?”
His gaze was dark and nearly sinister in demeanor, “Say it again.”
She bit at her lip smiling, “My King?” Her composure straightened quickly as he closed the distance between them and engulfed her in a deep and sensual kiss. He pulled away to see her eyes and she continued, “You did well, Mâvis. I mean to make this kingdom prosperous. Our daughter will never know war.” She searched his face for his emotions.
His voice was soft almost purring as he ran his hand through her hair, “You do as you wish, love. You will have no defiance from me. You will, however, be guarded until we know there is no retaliation.”
She swatted his hand off, “I thought that was over with the death of Vidar. You will not make me a prisoner again.”
“I gave the general’s house to Avarr but he will be here in the palace to escort you full time till things quiet. I figure at least that way you may roam the village as you wish.” He brushed her hair out of her face and stared at her in the moonlight. 
Genevieve turned to look out over the village and avoid his heated gaze. “And what will we do for Ben?” She narrowed her eyes and looked back at him from under her lashes waiting for a response.
“What do you mean, what will we do? There are plenty of rooms in the palace. He can take what he wants and we will never know he is here.”
Genevieve snapped back around, “No, Mâvis. Ben is married, he is going to want a family. You will give him a cottage and a position.”
“He already has a position as my slave. He has everything he needs here and I never said Lúta had to go.” He averted his gaze to avoid her now burning glare.
She snatched his chin and spun his face back to her, “He saved our daughter and did it at great risk to himself. I will not tolerate him being degraded.”
Mâvis’s look washed into anger, “You will not have to worry about it if he continues to play my wife against me.”
 “You would break your promise to me, Mâvis? To your WIFE?” She stormed off to the door before stopping to retort, “You owe him, Mâvis, and you will pay your debt or I will.” She left him alone to stew in his thoughts, slamming the door as she went back in.
The next day Lúta was sent to the square to pick up goods for the evening’s dinner. Ben trailed behind her carrying the basket. They stopped to look over some soaps when Kevin approached. “Good day.” Ben rolled his eyes as he yanked the soap from Lúta’s hand and put it back on the vendor’s cart before grabbing her elbow to leave. Kevin hailed after him. “Wait, please.”
Lúta snatched her arm back and stopped to face the man, “What do you want? You know you almost got yourselves killed the other night? Not to mention the danger you put my husband in.” She narrowed her eyes on him and her words were practically growling off her tongue. “I should kill you myself.”
He dropped his eyes to the ground for a moment then looked up apologetically, “I’m truly sorry. Listen, Mark has a family to feed. He is not doing well since that night, I don’t think he is going to live if he doesn’t get help.” Kevin peered past Lúta looking directly at Ben, “I will understand if you are afraid to help, but if you can…didn’t you say you were a doctor?”
Ben stood silently for a moment his back still turned as he looked up at the balcony and closed his eyes, knowing this would not sit well with Mâvis. He drew in a deep breath as he thought back to the night of the brawl, that arm break was brutal and he was surprised they had taken this long to seek his help. He turned to address Kevin. “Bring him to the square. I’ll return shortly. Bring whatever you have for tools, bandages…and straps. If I need to operate he will be in pain.”
Kevin scowled as he gestured up towards the balcony, “But he will see you helping us.”
“I won’t hide my actions or lie to him and I won’t take my chances on this being revenge for the fight. If you want my help we meet here.” Ben shook his head in disgust before leaving to get supplies.
As soon as he turned to head back to the palace, Lúta snatched him back around, “Are you crazed? You are not just defying Mâvis now. He is your king, his guards can put you to death Ben and they only need to think you defy him.”
“Lúta, being a doctor is not a title I take lightly. I became who I am because I can’t turn my back or close my eyes to suffering. I’m not afraid of him or his guards. I am, however, afraid of the demons that this world draws out of me every day. I won’t succumb to them.” He pulled her close and kissed her, “I mean to stay the good man you married.” She struggled with trying to understand his willingness to help a man that nearly cost him his life. As much as she wanted to fight him on this, it’s the reason she married him. He is anything but Joutone and that humbleness was both his strength and weakness. She agreed and they proceeded to the palace.
A few hours later Ben sat by the cart Mark was strapped to. He set about cleaning and sterilizing what few tools he had at his disposal. Lúta stood by him boiling sutures and what substitutes for clamps he could come up with. 
Finally, he addressed Mark, “You look pretty messed up here.” He drew his finger along the discolored portion of the man’s arm, “The way I see it you have two options, both will be extraordinarily painful. We can cut it open and see if it’s savable or we can take it off.”
Mark looked back, his face covered in sweat and his teeth already clenched in pain as his breathing labored through every word, “I won’t make it here with one arm. I can take the pain…please save it.” 
“We still risk shock and death; you are in a lot of pain as it is. But if you are ready I am.” Ben addressed Kevin, “I need your hands, wash up.” Ben reached over and offered a wooden dowel for Mark to bite, “You will lose your tongue if you don’t have something to bear down on.”
The man bit heavily and groaned through the incision. Dark, dead blood oozed out, the smell hitting Ben’s nose was nauseating. Ben cleared out as much of the clotting as he could before he started untangling and clamping off the mess of tissue. Next he focused in on the shards of bone, setting what he could and removing several fragments. Mark writhed and screamed in pain as the square filled with onlookers. 
Ben made quick work of the procedure never once looking up from his work. At one point, he stood to get better leverage in setting the largest bone and the only clean break in place. The moment it snapped in Mark clenched hard on the dowel as his entire body tightened in protest before collapsing into unconsciousness.  
Ben looked up briefly at Kevin, “Well at least he isn’t feeling it anymore.” Kevin nodded as Ben went back to work catching only for a moment, Mâvis standing in the crowd looking over the procedure. Ben brushed off the curious king and finished his work, suturing the man quickly and washing off. He handed Kevin a sack of herbs, “This won’t do much for pain but it will keep him sleepy until he can heal a bit, Alcohol will thin the blood too much for now and he lost enough already. I removed a few pieces of bone. It should calcify over time though, he may even find it a bit stronger with calcification.”
As soon as Ben started cleaning up Mâvis ordered Reagan to remove the cart from the square and then he approached Ben, “Did I not do away with the racks?”
Ben laughed at the insinuation, “I thought he held up well. I would not have lasted as long as he did awake.”
“He is to pay you for your service, follow Reagan to his home and collect.” Mâvis turned to head back to the palace. 
“But I did not ask for payment.” 
The comment stopped Mâvis in his tracks, “He meant to kill you and you still helped him after. He owes you and you will collect.” Mâvis turned to Thomas now, “Follow them, I have work to do.”
A few minutes later Ben was knocking on a door Thomas brought him to. A human woman answered to Ben’s surprise, “Good day, ma’am. I’m the doctor that worked on your husband. May I come in?”
Reagan was just finishing up with moving Mark onto the lounge for the woman. She was in her mid-thirties and plump. Her hair pulled back in a bun much like the native women of the island and she looked exhausted. “Yes, of course.” Ben went in and Thomas shoved his way into the door as well.
He stood wringing his hands a bit, as he addressed the woman. “I mean to check on your husband over the next few days. However there is a small matter of payment for the services he received today.”
She scowled, “You’re the one who did this to him.”
“I was not. I warned him to leave several times, it was his choice to fight and he pulled a knife on me.” Ben just happened to peer up as he spoke to see a couple of children looking down at him from a loft window. They were scrawny and dirty. He immediately looked away feeling guilty for even being there to address this issue.
Kevin approached the two guards as they waited with their arms crossed, by the door. “I will settle his debt. Vidar took most of Mark’s profits this year. He has little to feed his family with for the winter. It’s fine anyway, with Mâvis as king none of us will last long here. We’re going to sell off what we have and take our chances in the other villages. Will a pair of lambs do?” He brought his attention to Ben now.
Ben nodded, “Of course. That’s more than generous.” Ben raised his voice a bit and checked with both the guards, as he wasn’t even sure if this was a fair price for the services. He cleared his throat, “Should even cover future checkups should it not?” Seeing Thomas nod in response was enough. Ben bid the people good evening and went back to the palace. 
He found Lúta in their room washing up for dinner and they went to the great room together. Lúta sat with Genevieve and Beatrice as Ben took a seat at the same end of the table as Mâvis and Avarr. He ate his food quietly, listening to the conversation between the women and avoiding the king’s periodic glances.
Mâvis cleaned the meat off a rib bone and put it on his plate, chewing slowly as his attention was now fully on Ben. He put his fork down, feeling uneasy and addressed the king, “May I be of service, sir?” 
“I do not have the patience to deal with humans, Abbott. After your demonstration in the square today, it is clear they have some sort of respect for you. I am thinking that if they seek me for task you may respond in my stead.”  Mâvis reached for his ale feeling quite proud of his offer. 
“Thank you, sir, that would be fantastic, except the humans are leaving.” The entire table went silent at the response.
Mâvis sat up cocking his head as if he wasn’t even sure he heard Ben correctly, “What did you say?”
Ben froze mid fork lift and returned it to his plate, “It appears your reputation with humans precedes you. They are in fear for their families and are selling their belongings. From what I take, they will seek passage to King William’s Island.”
Mâvis chuckled at the comments, “King William is less tolerant of humans than I am. I only wish to see his face when they arrive.” Mâvis and Avarr broke into a full laugh.
Hearing enough of the conversation Genevieve stood and rounded the table giving Mâvis a cold stare the entire length until she sat by Ben. She reached for his chin to draw his attention, “You are to invite them to the palace tomorrow. We will hold a dinner for them and my husband will be on hand to greet all of them. They do not have to leave and if there are any future issues that you cannot resolve I expect to be included in the discussions.”
Genevieve tossed one last glance to her husband and stormed off. Ben looked back to find both Avarr and Mâvis locked in icy glares at him.  He let out a nervous laugh, “Ha, well it’s getting quite late I guess I should be heading to bed.”
“Stay, human, we have more to discuss.” Mâvis kept his eyes locked on Ben as he addressed Lúta and Beatrice, “Ladies, go join my wife.” Lúta responded by slamming her cutlery on the table and offering Mâvis a scornful glare as she left.
No sooner had they walked out the door than Mâvis returned to the conversation, “You are to train with my guards starting tomorrow.” Mâvis took a drag on his own drink as he eyed Ben’s reaction.
The man simply looked blankly into space for a moment as if confused, “You mean for combat?” Mâvis didn’t need to answer, “I’m not a warrior, sir. I have no desire to fight.” He felt his chest tighten at the thought of being forced to fight, “I took a vow to become who I am, Mâvis. It means something to me.”
This time is was Avarr that spoke, “Your wife is very beautiful, human. Do you love her?”
“Of course I love her. She is remarkable and intelligent.” Ben looked at both men before he made another go at the food on his plate.
Mâvis shoved the plate out of Ben’s reach to demonstrate how weak and intimidatable Ben was, “…she is also available; to any warrior that wishes to get rid of the nuisance on her arm.”
“There is no amount of training that could prepare me to take on one of these warriors. This is a joke.” Ben returned the glare out of frustration. 
Mâvis growled out. “There is no joke, human, you train with my guard or you train with me. Those are your options…now go.”
Avarr scoffed the moment Ben left, “I would have started his training tonight after that display.”
Mâvis thought hard on it for a moment then shook his head, “He had enough today, did you not see what he did in the square? To tell you the truth the guards are leery, I had trouble finding one willing to work him.”
The comment drew a laugh, “I saw it. I was tempted to put the creature out of his misery.”
Mâvis stood to leave, “As was I, brother. As was I.”

Chapter 28

Ben limped into the dinner party, sore from every angle and exhausted. He found Lúta in discussion with Mark’s wife, the woman he met the day before, as the kids played happily with Jocelyn. He made his way over for a kiss then fixed himself a plate before sitting by the fireplace, hoping to make quick work of his food and be done with this charade.
Not more than a minute after he sat down Kevin joined him with a couple humans he had not met before. They had plates and mugs with vodka and ale but with the table being used as a buffet, they all found themselves holding their plates on their laps. Kevin looked around nervously, “I have never been in here before, any of you?”
The group shook their heads and they all stared at Ben, “I suppose I had dinner in here last night. Does it matter?”
Kevin took a swig off his mug and put it on the floor next to his seat, “When Vidar was king the only humans that saw this room were brought in here for questioning. They almost never came out alive. Wouldn’t be surprised if this whole place is haunted.” 
The entire group including Ben sat up and scanned the room, he shot Kevin a stern glare, “Well thank you for that comforting thought, I shall be sure to keep a crucifix on hand.”
A balding, heavyset man leaned forward and shook Ben’s hand, “I’m Charles and this is Rob, we were both fishermen in our former lives. Now, these creatures won’t even let us near boats without escort. They are in constant fear we will flee to our old world. Kevin says you were a surgeon, I saw the work you did on Mark. That was something huh?”
“I suppose.” Ben made quick work of his plate, wanting to leave the group before these discussions could take a dangerous turn. 
Charles replied, “Listen we are under order to attend this little soirée. Do you know how long we have to stay? None of us are exactly comfortable with this whole get up, especially with our kids being here and all.”
Ben tossed a short look over towards the direction the kids were playing in only to accidently make eye contact with Mâvis. The king’s curiosity now peaked, he nudged Avarr and they crossed the room. “Hello, Abbott, how was your training?” Ben’s eye roll earned a toothy grin from Mâvis. 
Avarr pulled over a couple of chairs so they could sit and chat. Mâvis took immediate note of the averted gazes. It was Ben that took note of the mounting tension and meant to break it, “You know what I miss?” The other men looked at him curiously, “Fizz.” 
Kevin leaned in and whispered to Rob, “He’s British I think he means soda.”
Ben grinned, “Yes, you westerners call it soda or cola do you not? Would be nice to wash down this wolf meat.” He let off a chuckle.
Rob leaned back reminiscing before bringing his attention back to the group, “I miss Chinese food. What I wouldn’t do for a general Tso’s chicken about now.”
That drew a grunt from all the humans. Kevin chimed in, “I’d kill for a fudge brownie.”
Charles broke out laughing. “You would have to because I would be fighting you for it.”
Ben lowered his plate, “No offense gentlemen, but I have had my first official day of combat training. Which means I would be eating it over your carcasses. Frosted with peanut butter no doubt.”
Rob laughed, “Why are you torturing us, man? Know what I really miss…movies. What I wouldn’t give to snuggle up with my wife and watch a good movie. Tell you the truth even the radio would be nice? Just some tunes, man.”
Ben smirked as if he was holding onto a little secret. He looked around the small group to be sure they were all listening then he started singing, “Ain’t no sunshine when she’s gone…” He paused to see all their faces perk up, “It’s not warm when she’s away.”
The lot of them started a rhythm of clapping as Kevin started humming in baritone. Ben closed his eyes and continued.  “Ain’t no sunshine when she’s gone and this house just ain’t no home anytime she goes away.”
Rob chimed in with, “I know, I know, I know.” As Ben closed the verse with, “You outa leave that young thing alone, but ain’t no sunshine when she’s gone.”
Mâvis chuckled out, “What was that?”
Ben turned to look over his shoulder at all the women that had suddenly gathered around, “That is how humans attract a mate.” All of the other humans burst out laughing and cut it short when Mâvis and Avarr scowled.
“Seriously, where did you learn to sing like that?” Charles asked.
Ben replied, “I’m British, we are masters of two things: blues and oral hygiene.” The pun at his own expense drew some more laughs from the group.
Having enjoyed the conversation somewhat Mâvis decided it was time to address the issues plaguing him, “So, I expect your lot no longer feels threatened by my presence?” He scanned the faces of the men for any concern and they all dropped their heads to their food. “I see.” Mâvis narrowed his eyes on the group.
Seeing where this was going Ben addressed the men, “You should maintain eye contact.” He checked Mâvis to see if his patience was holding up, before he repeated himself, “You should maintain eye contact and speak your mind. He will take it as insult or deceit if you do not, he takes your mannerisms to be your thoughts. You will get more respect if you are open about your concerns.”
Kevin scowled back, “I saw what happened to Mark. Plus, it’s not the first time, he killed a man last year for back talking to a king from the western island. I don’t want respect, the first chance I get I’m out of here.”
Ben took to his feet as quickly as Mâvis did, meeting his stance, ready to take on whatever the king would dish out, “They’re just protecting their families, Mâvis. Surely, that is something you can relate to; they fear you.” He held the king’s gaze, “You asked me to handle them, didn’t you?”
The king was impressed with the display, that Ben would risk himself so quickly for his principles, while these cowards could not even speak their own mind, “Very well, but I expect full report of any dissension. I will not put the entire village at risk over some treasonous inferiors.” Mâvis sent one last glare across the group to see who would dare answer his challenge. He shoved his chair back and left Ben with a promising finale stare. 
Avarr addressed Kevin, “Mâvis is the only king that will have no interest in your crops.” His eyes fell to the rest of the group, “He cares nothing for profit and he will not leave us vulnerable to attack from Ormr or anyone else.”
“Ormr’s warriors are relentless, they are going to come for payment regardless of who is leader.” Kevin looked almost desperate as he replied.
Ben cut back in, “The only advantage Ormr has is over your mind. His warriors are no better than any in this village. He wins his demands by finding and extorting the weakest link. Which is usually the king. If it is Ormr you truly fear this is the only place you are safe. As for Mâvis, his respect is not easily earned. But honestly, he burned the racks. He is already a better leader than Vidar ever was.”
Charles stood to speak as he gestured towards the other side of the room, “Why don’t you go over there and tell that to Mark’s wife.”
Ben thought on his words for a moment, “Mark asked for what he got and had Mâvis not handed his ass to him I would have. Now like it or not Mâvis is your king and not the first you have served. You know the rules here better than I and although you may voice your concerns his expectations are to be met without hesitation or you will see no help from me.”
Ben gave the lot of them one last look before leaving the room. Lúta saw what transpired and gathered her skirts to follow, stopping him in the hall. “Are you alright?” She looked him over for what was going on in his head. He answered with a kiss, pulling her to him softly at first and then finding himself so hungry for her that he had her up against the wall devouring her tongue as his hands cupped her face. He had taken her completely by surprise.
When he opened his eyes, hers were still closed. She met his gaze and found a lost man standing there, “I love you, Lúta. I swear I have never loved a woman the way I have loved you. Because I have never wanted to run from someplace so bad as I have this world, yet nothing, and I swear it nothing, would keep me from you.” 
She simply answered with another more tender kiss and put a claw over his mouth before he could say another word. She looked around cautiously before answering, to be sure no one heard the risky declaration he had just made, “Shhh, we will figure this out, but never speak like that under his roof. Should he ever find out he would kill you, Ben.” She took his hand and led him to their chambers to make love.

Chapter 29

A couple weeks passed and Ben was exhausted from his training. Some days it lasted from dawn until dusk. This time he drew a crowd as his tension mounted over the frustration and aggravation. 
Reagan threw into him hard, drawing a brutal retaliation that had the entire crowd cheering until Reagan threw Ben out from under his feet. Ben just laid there, fatigued.  Reagan moseyed over and poked him with the butt of the spear. “Come on human, you can finish the day.”
“No, I’m done. Leave me be or finish me I don’t care at his point.” He closed his eyes brushing off another rib stick from the butt of the spear. 
Reagan hauled him up by his arm and shoved the spear back into his hands, “I do not have patience for your disobedience, you will finish the day.” The crowd booed at the action and now Mâvis and Avarr were leaning on the fence watching the show.  Reagan pummeled Ben a few times, again drawing another fierce retaliation that ended with Ben on his back.
He rolled when Reagan made for him with the butt of the spear just barely avoiding it. “I’m done. You’ll get more from me tomorrow.” He pushed himself up to his knees, shoulders slumped, his chest bare, and despite the mild temperature, he was covered in sweat. 
Reagan shot the king a short glare and when he saw no protest to the display, he finally responded, “Very well, human, you take me down once, you are done for the day.” He offered the spear for Ben to take.
Ben sat still for a moment looking almost disappointed by the answer. “That’s it? The only break I get is to take you down?”
“I will not just send you off and have you let me look a fool in front of your master.” Reagan gestured towards Mâvis.
Ben didn’t even look in that direction, “It will make no difference if you send me off or not as to if you look the fool.” The comment drew a chuckle from the crowd and a toothy grin from the king.
Reagan recoiled the spear, “Very well, we finish the day.”
“No…no I’m in. I knock you out I’m done, right?” He took to one knee as Reagan grinned.
“You actually think you can knock me out, human?” Reagan burst into a laugh.
“Of course not, but that’s the deal, isn’t it?” He waived off the spear offered to him “No, no I’m all set. I’ll choose my own weapon.” Ben moseyed over to the fence and plucked a heavy club off the ground and a near perfectly round rock.
Reagan let out another laugh, “You wish to defeat me with that?” Ben casually took a batting stance and lightly tossed the rock up into the air taking a hard swing; it landed right off Reagan’s cheek sending him backwards and out cold. 
The entire crowd burst out laughing as Mâvis straightened up and entered the courtyard, “That was interesting, Abbott, now let’s see you try with me.” A growl lingered on his words but he was beaming ear to ear. 
Ben dropped the club to the ground and closed his eyes throwing his head back in protest. “I’m exhausted. And you know I am far from ready for you.”
Avarr taunted, “Yes, Mâvis, his challengers should wait until he is ready for them.” The comment earned a heartfelt scowl from Ben. However, it did not last long because he was dodging a swing from Mâvis in the next movement.
Ben barely recovered before the next one came and he wasn’t even on his feet yet as he scooted under the beast to avoid the third. Ben had just enough time to throw a spear in between himself and the axe as he tossed the weight of it off to one side and came back around in the same motion to aim it, only to see it snatched and removed in the blink of an eye. 
“Ooh, I like it when you hesitate, makes for a quick kill.” 
Ben ducked one swift blow and went after Mâvis hard for a few strikes almost backing the creature up. Mâvis reached through his blows, grabbed him by his chest and slammed him to the ground. He stood waiting for Ben to catch his breath, “Come, get up. I expect better.”
“You won’t get it, just finish me.” Ben let his arms flop to his side and closed his eyes hoping for a deathblow. 
Mâvis hauled him off the ground and shoved the axe into his arms, “I will not accommodate your laziness. You finish with me or I will have you training till the sun rises with Avarr.”
Still out of breath, Ben heaved the axe up over his head and had to throw his whole body into it to swing it around. Mâvis dodged it chuckling and snatched it from him before slapping him to the ground. “Come on, human, I saw you do better than this moments ago.”
Ben sat on his knees breathless, “You are trying to make a fish walk. I’m not a fighter. I’m not a warrior, Mâvis.” 
Kevin nudged Rob and he nodded back. If the king was willing to train humans perhaps he wasn’t so bad after all, “Hey can, um…can we train with you?”
Mâvis responded with a threatening glare, “I would sooner sharpen my blade on your bones.” Both the men backed off as he returned his concentration to Ben, agitated that these inferiors would be more willing to train than he was. Finally he issued an order to his brother, “Avarr, he is to rest until the next meal then work him till the sun rises. Perhaps the next time I test him, he will answer as expected.” With that, Mâvis stormed off in disgust.
Ben didn’t bother getting off his knees as the entire group dispersed. He just sat there looking blankly into space and cursing the king in his head. He took his next meal in seclusion outside the palace, hoping to avoid Lúta. She found him anyway.
He avoided eye contact and chugged his water before working on his potatoes. She reached for a bruise on his forehead and he ducked her, rolling his eyes, chewing silently for a moment. 
“Why is he putting you through this, Ben?” She scooted closer and reached through his rejection to touch him anyway. 
He looked away almost ashamed, “I don’t know. I’m not a warrior and I never will be. I don’t even want to be, Lúta.” His emotion brought him back around to face her and see what she thought of him. “They’re right I can’t protect you from challengers. Is it that bad? Will I face that fear every day? I mean there are other humans here, they are married.”
She pulled him in for a tender kiss and lingered to stare into his eyes, “I do not know, Ben, you may find it harder because you are different from me. But I swear you will never find me giving those arrogant behemoths reason to think I want anyone else.” She leaned into him closing her eyes and hanging on the few moments she had with him.
 He set his plate down and embraced her as she let out a sob. “Shhh…”
“Get up human, I am ready.” Avarr had a pair of spears in his hand as he trotted down the walkway. 
Lúta got up and growled at him. “No, Avarr, he has had enough. Go home.”
He responded narrowing his eyes on her, “Woman, I am not Mâvis, I would take care how you address me.” Immediately Ben took a stance between the two of them drawing a grin from Avarr. “So that is how I get your attention. Send your wife inside so we may begin.”
It appeared for a moment as if the three of them would be at a bit of a standoff, when Avarr shoved the spear at Ben, “Very well, let her watch.”
Ben stood down realizing that Avarr was right. To have her out there would not only be distracting to him, but it would be traumatic for her, “Lúta, please. It will be easier on me if you would go in. I don’t want you to see this if you don’t have to.” 
She nodded to Ben, before turning her anger back on Avarr. “We are not through, Avarr.”
Avarr was by far a harder trainer than Reagan was. He spent the majority of the time sparring and Ben found the drills to be a welcome break in between. Come morning he wasn’t even steady on his feet anymore. As the sun peaked over the horizon, Lúta and Genevieve stormed into the courtyard shoving Avarr off Ben, “He is done! Get off him!” Lúta scolded him waiving a single claw in his face.
“Woman, I swear you test me.” He charged back.
Genevieve shoved Lúta out of the way and got in his face, “Now I test you, Avarr. Strike your queen, I dare you.” She paused waiting for a response. “I did not think so. Threaten her again and you will find yourself defending against me and you know what that will do to, Mâvis.”
Lúta threw a blanket over Ben’s shoulder and Genevieve rushed to take his other arm. They helped him back to the palace and into his room. Genevieve put two guards outside the door ordering no one to be let in, not even the king. To which they both rolled their eyes and scowled at her.
 Then the queen stormed off finding Mâvis in the great hall feeding Jocelyn. “What was the point of torturing Ben like that, husband?” He ignored her and continued offering Jocelyn some of his food. “His training as you call it is finished. I will have no more of it.”
Her last comment earned her a chilled reply, “It is through when I say it is. I do not take orders, woman.”
“Mâvis, he could not even walk to his chambers of his own will. Lúta and I carried him…and your brother nearly crossed me.”
That got her husband’s attention immediately, “He would not dare me like that love, do not play me for a fool.” He offered his daughter another bite of his breakfast before taking a couple bites for himself. “You wanted Ben to be set free. He has to survive on his own if that is to happen, he has to be able to protect his wife and provide for his family. I cannot in good conscious have him run around my island defenseless. Just waiting for the next ‘Diek’ to come along, slit his throat, and take his wife.” 
He sat waiting for his wife’s response with the next fork full of food while his daughter chewed.  Hearing nothing he continued, “Well which is it, Genie? Do you want him set free or do you want under my protection? I do not care at this point. You will have your wish, unfortunately either way Abbott has to live with the consequences.”
She stood silently for a few moments biting at her lower lip. “Why you have to be so hard on him?”
“Woman, the warrior that calls for his challenge will be harder. I was trained the same way, as was Avarr…as was every warrior that has grown up here. Maybe not where you are from, but here we are trained as cubs to defend ourselves. You will not find Jocelyn defenseless. I swear it, wife.” He placed the empty plate on the table and had to fight back a grin as Genie snatched her daughter out of the chair and scowled at him.
Mâvis stood and kissed them both before continuing, “I will give him a few days to rest, after the night he had I am sure he needs it. But his training resumes as soon as he is well.” He scanned her expression for understanding, “You have to trust me. This will make him a better man.”



Chapter 30

Ben woke alone and in need of a bath. He struggled through the icy water and even found it soothing after a few minutes. The fire was helpful for getting dressed and he wrapped a still swollen knee with some homemade bandages to keep it stable.  
He made his way to the kitchen and snatched himself some breakfast at the dismay of the kitchen staff. The cook scolded him. “Are you not to eat with the king?”
He snapped back, “I’ll eat where I like till I’m under order. I spend as little time in his presence as I can. What’s it to you?” He crammed a hunk of cheese in between some sliced bread and stammered out into the courtyard throwing his medical bag over his shoulder and heading towards Mark’s cottage.
He was on the street all of a few moments before he noticed Thomas following him as usual. “Good day, friend. I see you’re ready for our rounds.” Ben’s tone was chipper and condescending in the same breath.
“You will need to make it quick, human. The king has business with King William and I need to return.” The beast offered him half his attention as he took note of a few odd merchants in the square. “Do you know them, human?” He had noticed Ben’s attention on them. 
“I want to say they remind me of some merchants from Freyr’s village but it has been so long I could not be sure. I honestly don’t think Mâvis cares to do business with Freyr should we tell him?”
 Ben turned to go back to the palace and Thomas stopped him, “If they are here they probably arrived with King William. In which case they are under heavy guard already. He does not take his trading lightly.”
“Very well, but I feel uneasy about this.” Ben bit his lip and continued to Mark’s house. 
Mark opened the door, “Hey there, good to see you out and about. I heard you hit a foul ball right off Reagan’s noggin.” Mark laughed as he reached out with his broken arm and took a hold of Ben’s hand giving it a good squeeze. He clenched his teeth through it. But Ben’s eyes widened at the effort.
“Very good, you are coming along nicely. Let me get a look at it.” Ben peeled back the sleeve on Mark’s arm and opened the splint marveling at his own handy work for a few minutes. “That is healing beautifully. I think we can take out the stitches if you are up for it.”
Mark slapped him on the back and welcomed him in to the dismay of Thomas. Mark’s wife poured them both a shot of vodka and cut up some sausages and cheese. Ben waived off the vodka, “Ma’am that’s not good for this type of procedure. It will make the scarring worse due to increased bleeding.”
Mark scooped the shot up anyway, “Nonsense, do you know where you are ‘human’? Scars make you a warrior here.”
Ben offered his shot to Thomas who took it no questions asked and snatched the jug from Mark’s wife to help himself to another before ordering the doctor to proceed, “We do not have all day. Get this over with. I will not care if you leave the work half done.”
As Ben tooled and cut through the threads pulling each one out he watched Mark wince in pain and thought some idle chit chat would take his mind off the task, “Mark, how long have you been married on this island?”
The man opened one eye as his teeth gritted a bit through a long thread pull. “You are married yourself, why would you ask a question like that?”
“I just wonder if you have ever been challenged for your wife and if so how did you deal with it? I have no intention on your wife if that is what you are thinking.” Ben scowled back at the insinuative expression taking over Mark’s face. “Honestly, I think you have been here a bit too long.”
Mark looked up at his wife as she silently Okayed the discussion. Then he turned  back to Ben after a deep breath, “I was challenged a few times. I fought once, and lost nearly lost my life. I gave up and sold her twice to save myself…she poisoned them to get back to me. Honestly, it hasn’t been a problem since. The two of us worked out how to deal with issues should they arise. That is something you and your wife will have to deal with.”
Mark chuckled at Thomas, “What about you, buddy, anyone ever challenge you for your wife?”
Thomas looked up from some nuts he was picking through and gave Mark a lovely ‘as if’ stare. “You two finished yet or do I need to drag Abbott out of here bound and gagged?”
Ben cut the last of the sutures and gave them a good rip sending Mark doubling over in pain. He looked up at Thomas grinning, “I’m all set let’s go.”
They bid the family a good day and passed right through the market square again. Ben taking note that the suspicious merchants were no longer there. Still his conscious gnawed at him for an answer as to who they were. Rather than retreat to his quarters and avoid the king as normal he followed Thomas up to Mâvis’s office chamber. 
Ben waited quietly by the door for the two kings to finish their discussion and for the rest of the guards and guests to leave. Finally, the last of King William’s advisors left and Ben stepped forward to talk with Mâvis before being stopped by Thomas. “The meeting is finished, human. We leave now.”
“I wasn’t here for the meeting Thomas. I wish to see Mâvis.” Ben shrugged off the guard’s grasp one time and Thomas snatched his arm up a second time. 
“The king has business to attend to and has ordered me not to let him be disturbed.” 
Ben shoved the guard off and took a defensive stance, “And I am his servant and need his ear. I swear I’ll have it.” 
Mâvis peered up from his documents a bit amused by the display, “Let him be, Thomas. Unless I am with my wife Abbott is to be treated as I would be.”
Thomas stood down but was completely shocked by the order, “Sir, I am to take orders from a slave?”
The king sat up slapping his documents on the table to display his aggravation over being questioned, “Unless you hear it from my mouth Abbott’s orders are my orders. Should you find something amiss you may bring it to my attention. My servant has a duty to fulfill and you will not cause him delay in the future, is that clear?”
Thomas nodded as he exited the room and closed the door.
Ben relaxed his stance and took a seat in front of Mâvis’s desk. “Does that mean I can order him to stop following me around? I have no desire to escape, not sure why I need to be shadowed.”
Mâvis smirked for a second, “You could not escape if you wanted to. Guards or no guards I would hunt you down and punish you unmercifully. But that is not why I have ordered him to follow you.” He flipped through a page of the document and scanned the next page. “Honestly, Abbott, the only reason I have him following you is so he will stop following me. Between him and Reagan I am ready to lose my mind.”
Ben laughed, completely dismissing the threat, “Didn’t you do this very work?”
“Exactly, I can do it better than the two of them combined. They are as dedicated to their duty as you are to yours, human. Now, tell me why have you barged into my office demanding my ear anyway?” Mâvis was starting to grow impatient with his own conversation. 
“I saw some merchants in the square that could I almost swear are from Freyr’s village. Is it common for vendors from there to travel this far?”
Mâvis thought briefly before speaking, “Freyr’s boats are too small to make it this far. His merchants would come with assist from King William or Ormr. I know Ormr is not here trading. Reagan knows his enemies well and would make quick work of them. I trust they are here with King William, but when I venture out later I will see who I recognize. Nonetheless I am impressed on your efforts to take note of their presence.”
 Mâvis signed a few of the papers before continuing, “King William would like us to travel to his village on his return trip. It appears a cub washed ashore a few days ago and he seeks your advice. I agreed to it so long as Avarr is free to keep watch here.”
“A cub?” Ben repeated him looking puzzled.
“Mmmm, a human cub. He was in a boat with a female human but William says she died that night.” 
Ben stood to leave, “Very well, I’ll pack accordingly. Do you know what will come of him?”
“From the sounds of it Olivia is smitten with him. They will probably raise him as their own. It is no concern of ours, you can check on the cub and let them figure it out.” Ben continued towards the door before Mâvis stopped him one last time, “Oh and, Abbott, I expect to see you for dinner. Cowering in your chambers will not dissuade me from continuing with your training.”
“As you wish, sir.” Ben clenched his teeth and exited. 

Chapter 31

Lúta and Genevieve walked arm and arm to the boats with Jocelyn trying to navigate the rocks on her wobbly feet in front of them. Mâvis passed the two of them with an arm full of animal skins, and plucked the little girl off the rocks. He hoisted her high above his head in one hand. Waiting for her to squeal with delight before snatching her back down and to his lips for a kiss and then a ride on his shoulder.
Ben trailed behind them with another pile of skins for the women and a basket of food. As they settled into the boat Ben took his seat to row and Mâvis shoved him off. “You will mind my daughter in case she takes ill again.”
He huddled up between the women and pulled Jocelyn onto his lap. After a couple hours of playing with her she snuggled up and dozed off. Ben covered her and pulled Lúta closer to lie on his shoulder. 
Several hours later he woke to Mâvis slapping his cheek, “Come, it is a long hike to the village. You will go ahead with the women, I have more to do here. King William should be there already.”
They had arrived on the beach in the morning and it was practically nightfall by the time they made it to the village. There was a feast waiting for them and plenty of ale. Lúta and Genie made right for Olivia as she sat at the table. King William entered the hall a short time later with an adolescent boy in hand. The kid was petrified and Ben’s heart broke for him.
He had to be about seven or eight years old with dark brown, wavy hair. He had some freckles on his face and for his age he was a bit tall and very skinny. Ben walked over to the Boy and knelt down smiling warmly, “Hello there. I am Doctor Abbott. What’s your name?” Ben’s eyes were bright and encouraging.  
The boy immediately wrapped his arms around him for a hug as he burst into tears and spoke in French, “My parents are both dead and I am stuck with these monsters. Can you take me home?”
Ben nearly choked on his own breath. The child doesn’t speak English. He must be so scared, not to even know what these beasts are saying. Ben answered in the boy’s language, “Well, these people want to help you too, that's why they brought me here. What happened to your parents?”
King William interrupted,  “I cannot for the life of me figure out what he is saying. ” 
Ben stood after a brief hesitation, “He is speaking French. He doesn’t understand English. I just happen to speak a few languages, as my work has brought me all over the world. I don’t suspect he will have a hard time learning yours but being that he is fresh from an accident and our people look so different from yours, he is petrified.”
King William grunted, “The cub has spent most of his time with my wife, he is terrified of me. I am surprised I was able to even bring him out here.”
“Well, I will need a room to examine him in.” Ben turned to the boy and directed him back down the hall King William had brought him from. He muttered a few words in French and the boy immediately perked up and followed.
The examination was quick and Ben did as much as he could to try and figure out how the boy and his mother ended up on the shore. Then he tried translating for the king and the boy. It lead to instant tears when the child realized there was no way out of this world. He explained that King William and Queen Olivia wish to care for him as their own. The child immediately panicked and Ben found himself having to pry the boy off just to make it out into the hall to continue his discussion with King William.
“I have done all I can, sir. It is just a matter of him warming up to you and learning your language at this point. He is in good standing health as far as I can tell. What happened to his mother if I may ask?”
“She was badly injured and starving. I am sure that she gave up her food for the cub. Did he say where he came from?”
“He says he was on a family yacht and they were hit with a storm. He said they may have been adrift for nearly a month. Absolutely heart breaking.” Ben replied.
“A yacht, that is boat is it not?”
“Yes, they are designed for pleasure living. He comes from a wealthy family if they owned one. He may find adjusting to this life a bit hard at first, but he has already survived so much. He may do well here.” Ben turned to stroll back up the hallway towards the great room, “I would say keep him in the company of your wife as much as possible if he is already comfortable with her. He will find her of great resource and have patience with him. Let him adjust to his new surroundings on his own terms and he will warm up soon after I assure you.”
King William shook Ben’s hand before going to find Olivia, “Listen, you have been of great resource. My wife will be delighted with the information you have given us. Should you need a favor it is yours to ask. Now, before your King makes off with you back to his island I insist on you making use of my springs for your pleasure. If you and your wife wish to indulge a bit tomorrow, I will make available several of my guards for your convenience.”
Ben beamed a huge smile back, “We most certainly will take you up on that offer. I’ll tell you little adventures like that would go a long way in securing the bond between your family and the boy. Humans are insanely curious creatures and love to explore.”
William chuckled, “Good to know. I will keep him occupied as much as I can.”
Ben finally joined the party and found himself whisking Lúta off for hours of dancing. Even making their way outside to enjoy a long slow dance under the stars. Perching on a rock by the end of the evening, they found themselves snuggled up together. They found themselves lost in the moment and in idle conversation with each other. Then Lúta said, “I want a cub, Ben.” She searched his face for his thoughts. “Do you want cubs?”
She leaned over him with her hair draping down, he reached up to admire what he was looking at with his hand, just to be sure she was even real, “You will be an excellent mother, Lúta. I’m just not sure how much I can provide for them as a slave. I need to earn my freedom first.”
Her eyes started to water with the pain of his response, “I hate Mâvis. He is responsible for the ruin of my life and I swear everything he does digs the wounds deeper. He is the reason I was even sold from Freyr’s village to begin with. He killed my brother in front of me. I hate him, Ben. Now that he is king he is unstoppable.”
Ben could feel her frustration building as she spoke and sat up to kiss her, drawing her tongue into his mouth. The sweet taste of tea and honey lingered on her breath, “Shhh, it’s okay. We can figure something out. I’m confident I can work my way up and out of his control, Lúta. The evening before this trip he granted me some authorities with the guards. I was amazed at the level of authority I was given. I truly think if I stay my course he will grant me freedom. But until then we should wait on starting a family. I want to know for sure I can protect and provide for you.” 
“No, Ben. We should leave the first chance we get. There are mercenaries we can hire to grant us passage to the main lands. We can live in the mountains peacefully and do as we wish.”
Ben dropped his hands and looked away from her trying to hide his pain. The thought of her watching helplessly as Mâvis reaped revenge for a betrayal like that was unbearable. It was useless, as Lúta pulled his face back around with one claw, “How can he have that much control over you, Ben? How? So long as you are his slave I am as well. Do you not see that?” 
He stared helplessly into her rich, brown eyes unable to answer, but he didn’t need to. She saw right through him. The truth was that he was a coward. It didn’t matter that he would take on the king without so much as a flinch, or the one before Mâvis or the one before that. The one thing they all had in common is they knew his weakness and it was her. He would take on anything for her but that meant taking on anything to keep her safe. The only kingdom he could serve under and know for sure that no harm would come to her was Mâvis’s. As much as he loathed Mâvis, Ben could rest assured of one thing. The king would never hurt a woman. Even if he did betray Mâvis she was physically safe. 
But he didn’t need to. He could do this, he could work his way up through the ranks. Kevin and Mark had done it. If he could just buy time with his wife they could have a safe and successful life here. There will always be need for a doctor, the two of them could open a clinic and live prosperously. Now if he could just convince her of a safe future, “I can provide for us once I have worked my way up. I swear I will, Lúta. Please have some faith in me. You are all that keeps me going, you give me the strength I need to wake up and face this bizarre world every day. I will give you the life you deserve if you can just trust me for a little while longer.”
Again he reached for her face and she slapped his hand off, “You have no idea who you serve, Ben. Two months ago King William was the most powerful king here. Now his best warriors serve your master. Warriors are flocking to Mâvis’s service by the dozens, disguising themselves as merchants just to get in because they know he is a powerful leader. They know better than to be on the sharp end of his axe should he want war.”
She pulled her shawl tighter around her shoulders as if the chill brought on by her own words had taken her by surprise. “You are a healer, Ben. You represent power and all these kings are power hungry. Do you think for one moment that he would let someone as valuable as you are out of his control? Do you think he would chance letting someone with as much power as you represent free? Because with freedom comes the right to choose who you serve. Meaning you would be free to serve his enemies. No, Ben, you will never be free of him. He will never let you go and if I am your wife then he will never let me go.” She got up to go inside and stopped to toss back over her shoulder, “I would rather die than serve Mâvis.”
A short while later he joined her in their room. It was a beautiful room that brought to mind a hunting lodge. Fieldstone and log made up most of the space. Along with hand-made, rustic furnishings and a stunning fireplace. There was a warm bath waiting right in front of the fire. The natural wood smell of the room was helped out by the roaring fire and it certainly set the mood for a romantic night.
Something else was waiting for them on the table. A bottle of wine. Ben marveled at it as he picked it up. “Wine, I’ve been here nearly a year and this is the only bottle of wine I have ever seen.” Lúta lay on the bed ignoring him as she read her book. “King William sure likes spoiling me, he did something similar when I had helped Olivia with her baby.”
Finally he got her attention, “What is wine?”
Ben thought to himself he must have got this from Young. King William certainly likes dealing with the spirit trader, “It’s a highly regarded alcohol in my world, usually saved for special occasions. I have to admit, I find his efforts charming. Why don’t we open this and take a bath together?”
He already had his tunic off and was working on his pants. As soon as he was naked he lopped the top of the wine bottle off with his hunting knife and leapt over the tub railing. Coming down gently so as not to splash too much, he drew a sip off it and offered her some. “This is a great year, he certainly has excellent taste.” He beamed a smile at her knowing full well she wouldn’t have a clue what he meant by that. Nonetheless her curiosity was peaked at the thought of trying something new. 
She peeled down her blouse letting her voluptuous breasts spill out as she waltzed over to the tub. Ben took one more swig of the wine as he took in the beautiful sight before him. She twirled her river of hair into a bun and pinned it on her head. As she put her hands behind her back to release the ties on her skirt the door opened, sending her shrieking back to the bed to cover up.
Mâvis and Genevieve strolled in with Jocelyn asleep in her mother’s arms. Mâvis grinned, “Looks like we are joining you tonight, Abbott. I brought too many guards, they have taken up all the other rooms.”
Ben snatched the towel offered to him by the king and lowered his own eyes to hide his frustration as he got out of the tub, “Well, sir, one can never be too cautious I suppose. However, had we known you were coming we could have been a bit more presentable.” He threw his britches back on while the queen was tucking in Jocelyn on the chair by the bed.
Lúta was getting dressed with the sheet pulled over her chest. Her icy stare burning into Ben as she did so. As soon as she was dressed she stormed towards the door to leave with Mâvis calling after her, “You will stay, Lúta, you need to keep your husband company.”
She completely ignored him, “You will have to drag me back here. My husband does not deserve my company tonight.” With that the door slammed behind her.
Mâvis got up to follow her but Genevieve called after him, “Mâvis, let her be. It is not your concern, that is between them.” She then addressed Ben, “Go ahead Ben, tend to your wife.”
Ben threw on his shirt as he made for the door and Mâvis immediately shoved him back, “You do not need to follow her. She will return so long as you are here.” He held Ben’s stare a moment longer almost daring him to flee, “What is her problem, human?”
“We were just expecting some time together, sir. I am sure I can make it up to her tomorrow. King William has offered to let us use his springs, she will like that.” He hoped to change the conversation as quickly as possible to avoid the king’s devious questioning tactics. “The child they found is in great health, I expect he will adjust quickly.”
Genevieve perked up immediately, “Yes, they were very excited for the information you gave them.”
Ben sat in the chair and took a draw off the wine bottle, “The boy says he is from France and that his parents owned a yacht. They got caught in a storm and from what William told me he and his mother were the only survivors, but that she died right away.”
“That is so sad, to have made it all this way and die upon rescue.” Genevieve replied as she stroked her daughter’s hair, her voice cracking as she did so from the thought of the woman perishing.
 Ben marveled at the fact that the queen seemed so torn by the thought of the human dying. She has such a soft spot for humans it’s amazing she is even married to Mâvis. They’re polar opposites on nearly every level. He took another drink and brought his attention to the fire fearing his thoughts would show on his face.
Something Ben said caught Mâvis’s attention however and the king was back in command of the conversation, “You understood the cub? He was fascinated with Jocelyn, but I could not understand him.”
Ben shot his eyes back to Mâvis, “I am fluent in nine languages, and can decipher a good number of those I’m not fluent in. I have traveled most of the world in my years of service to medical science and the English armed forces.”
Mâvis tossed some blankets and pillows onto the floor for Ben, “So if you could learn his tongue then the cub should be able to learn ours, should he not?”
“Of course, I expect with little choice in the matter he will learn it quickly out of necessity alone. I’m glad he’s with King William. Being that he’s well educated and takes such an interest in learning himself, the boy should do well in his care.” Ben took another sip off the wine and offered the bottle to the king.
Mâvis accepted it, wondering what it was, “You think me to be poorly educated?” Mâvis sniffed the concoction and took a swallow of it. Ben bit back a chuckle at the sight of the king puckering his face over the taste. “What is this swill you are drinking?” Mâvis immediately handed the bottle back.
“It’s wine, and it’s a bit of an acquired taste. To answer your question, I don’t think you’re poorly educated. Quite the opposite, I find you to be incredibly intelligent. You are also very young, Mâvis, and like most young men you let your warrior instincts lead your decision making.” Ben finished the wine and got up to fix his bedding for the night.
“What do you mean by that?” Mâvis retorted.
“Nothing bad I assure you.”
“Good or bad I expect and answer, human.” This response was followed with a warning rumble.
Ben thought carefully trying not to step further into the trap being set, “It’s just that one day you will run into problems you can’t stomp into resolution. I think until that day comes it will be a little hard to explain what I mean.”
Genevieve cut in at the sight of her husband tensing up, “He is right, Mâvis. You are a bit heavy handed at times. It would do you good to learn some patience, husband.”
“I have patience, woman. How many times has he crossed me, he still lives, walks upright.” Mâvis snarled back at her before addressing Ben, “Although you certainly enjoy testing it, human. ” Mâvis stuffed his pillow up into the head of his bed and bellowed to Genevieve, “Come to bed, wife.”
“Why not let Ben go find his wife first?” She smiled warmly at her husband then bit her lip mischievously to add more meaning to her suggestion.
“I think not, I do not trust King William. Abbott will stay here and his wife will return when she is tired. If not I will send the guards for her in the morning.” Mâvis laid back picking at his teeth with a claw, “Now come to bed, woman.”
Ben paused in making his bed, “I’m sorry, sir, but you said a moment ago that you don’t trust William yet my wife is out running the island unprotected.”
“William has made a few offers to purchase you. He has no interest in Lúta.” Mâvis tossed back. “She has relatives in this village if I remember correctly. When Bjorn fled Freyr’s he came here.”
“So, you have no interest in selling me and I have no interest in serving him. What is there to be worried about?” He folded and fluffed the blanket until it was as comfortable as he could get it before laying down.
“King William is incredibly manipulative. Why do you think I came on this trip? Now get some rest. All this talking is keeping my wife from her duty.”
Genevieve narrowed her eyes at Mâvis, “You will find yourself in the cold.”
“Not likely, woman, now come to bed damn it!” Mâvis slapped his hand on the bed next to where he was and Genevieve finally joined him.
Ben rolled over and stuffed his pillow over his ear at the sight of Genevieve straddling a suddenly very happy king. Mâvis sat up to snatch her mouth up with his as he devoured her tongue then let go grinning. “It is about time, wife!” 
“This is not exactly exiting for me, Mâvis. Not with a guest in the room.”  She shoved him back onto the bed to scold him. “Perhaps if he could go find his wife?” 
“I could tie him up and leave him outside the door if you like.” He grabbed at her ass from under her skirt and yanked her up until he could fill his mouth with her voluptuous breast. A sound permeating the room landed somewhere between a growl and a purr as he latched onto her. 
Ben pulled the pillow tighter to his head to drown out the sounds. But it did little to help as he heard Genie moan and then reply, “No, Mâvis, that is not right.”
“Then silence yourself, woman, or you will not like how I answer.” Mâvis followed the response by flipping her onto the bed. He made quick work of her climax and took his time on his own, covering her mouth with his hand to keep their sounds from waking their daughter. 
A couple hours later Lúta finally made her way back into the room. Everyone else was asleep with the exception of Ben. He lifted his blanket to welcome her into it and offered her the pillow. 
Ben snuggled up close to her and wrapped his arm around her waist. She closed her eyes to doze off when he reached for her breast. The feel of her warm body and the hours of listening to Mâvis and Genevieve left him raging in his own pants. He wanted so badly to find himself inside her. 
She brushed his hand off, “If you so much as breathe on me I will gut you, Ben.” He swallowed hard and bit his lip as he flopped back over to face the wall and ignore his own passion.

Chapter 32



Ben woke to the sound of the women getting dressed and giggling with each other. Mâvis was already gone and Jocelyn was on the floor playing with a toy. The moment she noticed Ben awake she waddled over to offer the toy to him. “Good morning, sunshine. You’re in pleasant spirits today.” He chuckled, as he accepted the toy and used it to attack her belly. She squealed in delight and dashed to her mother before wandering back over to Ben for a second duel.
He made quick work of folding up the bedding and leaving it on the bed for the chambermaids. As he put on his shirt he made one last attempt to give Lúta a kiss before he left and she held up a one claw warning him off. Seeing he was getting nowhere with her he quietly left.
There was a light buffet style breakfast left for the guests and Ben grabbed a couple of apples and a biscuit for later before heading outside. He sat down all of a minute before Mâvis found him. “Good you are up, come we can train.” Ben rolled his eyes before taking one last bite of his apple and tossing the rest into the woods. 
He followed Mâvis out to a courtyard behind the lodge to spar with the king. Mâvis found a wood axe and tossed it to him, “There you go, human, something more your size.” He smirked as Ben caught it midair.
“Thank you, sir.” He replied as he immediately started ducking and dancing off shots from Mâvis. 
After a few minutes of warming up he was a bit lost in his thoughts and didn’t even realize he was fighting back so hard. Even backing Mâvis up a few times. “Very well, Abbott. You are coming along nicely.” The king circled him a few times looking for an easy move. “I like your aggression.”
Ben didn’t even reply as he watched for the telltale cues that Mâvis was ready for another attack and where it was going to come from. 
“You know why you fight so well today? You did not please your wife last night. Now you have too much energy to burn off.”
Ben returned, “Well then, how is it that you fight so well today?”
Mâvis switched directions and closed the gap for a few good swings at Ben before tossing him to the ground, “I always fight well. I am a warrior.” He reached down and offered a hand to pull Ben up.
Ben paused for a second before grabbing it, because Mâvis usually hauled him off the ground. This reaction was unusual from the king. “Well she wasn’t in much of the mood for it with the extra company in the room.”
“That is no excuse. These women are insatiable. If you do not please them every night they will invite trouble. You cannot afford trouble, even in the slightest.” Mâvis poked him in the chest and then backed off ushering Ben to lead the attack.
Mâvis slung the wood axe off twice and moved to take out Ben’s feet. He jumped the shot that would normally take him to the ground and swung into Mâvis. The king grabbed the right handed hook and threw Ben to the ground by his arm. “That was good, Abbott. You are thinking on your feet.”
“Well, if you call landing on my ass good, then I suppose I am an expert by now.” Ben’s comment drew a laugh. 
“We head back tonight, You can make up your time with your wife today. They do not forget when you have let them down.” Mâvis readied himself for another attack as Ben took to his feet. 
“Sir, I am not sure she will let me.”
Mâvis scoffed, “What do you mean, she will not let you? Maybe you are used to human, women. You are married to a Joutone, you are expected to be a man. Or I promise you she will find someone that is.” He pointed his own axe towards Ben’s chest and swung it around as he backed up, “Come on, you are doing well. I expect you to finish strong.”
Mâvis got what he was looking for with Ben’s built up frustration boiling over. But his frustration wasn’t with Lúta, or his lack of sex with her. It was with Mâvis. With this much built up anger it was certainly easy to answer that request. The king let him get a few well-meant shots in, then plowed through Ben’s attack with one hand.  Mâvis snatched him by the throat and slammed him to the ground. “Is that what you are looking for? Or do you forget I can read your eyes?” He tightened his grip as Ben struggled beneath his hand for air. “Perhaps you just forget who it is that you serve. I am sure you will not let that happen again, will you?”
Ben tried swallowing against his grip but it was useless. Mâvis released him and hauled him to his feet by his arm. Ben doubled over trying to suck in air and coughing profusely. The king casually slung his axe over his shoulder and turned to go in, “Finish your drills, human. You have till dinner, then you may take your wife to the springs. She will like them, I have been there a few times.” 
Ben sat on a log trying to recover for a few minutes. Then Reagan showed up, “The king said you are to do drills.” A few hours later he finally finished the work out and picked up his shirt to go in. 
He washed up and packed a basket of food and tea while Reagan tracked down Lúta. She showed up reluctantly and he just shot her a warm smile as he opened the door for her. “I have a surprise for you.”
There were a few guards waiting for him already outside the lodge and he addressed them “Hopefully you boys know where this is because I don’t.” Reagan grunted and lead the way. Ben took note of the number of guards accompanying him. “Do I really need this much guard? Normally it’s just Thomas that follows me around.”
Reagan pointed in the direction they were going, “This is too far out of the village to travel alone. You could easily be enjoying yourself only to end up as dinner for the wolves.”
“You’re right about that I suppose.” They walked on for about half an hour before the woods gave way to a lovely oasis of warm blue-green water and a trail of water that fed into a shallow cave. Reagan lit a couple of torches inside the cave and a few more around the spring. As he did so Ben watched Lúta’s face light up as well. “Well? How did I do?”
“This is beautiful, Ben.” She turned to him and pressed her lips together before wrapping her arms around his neck for a hug. Then she sprinted off towards the water. The guards disappeared into the brush to give them some privacy and Lúta Stopped by the water to pull her hair up. 
She giggled mischievously as she started pulling up on her blouse and then snatching it to her chest until Ben could close in on her. His chest already bare as he pulled the blouse out of her hands and dropped it to the ground. He reached for the back of her neck and pulled her to him until her warm breasts were on his cool skin and he could invade her lips with his tongue.
He reached for the tie in the back of her skirt and let it drop to the ground. She dashed into the water at first but slowed the moment her feet hit it. “Oh Ben it is so warm.” She turned to splash some water at him as he dropped his pants and took off flopping into the water and splashed her back. 
A few seconds of assaulting each other turned into a heated embrace. His expression lost all humor as he watched her breasts move with each breath. Then he found her dark eyes just adoring his masculine figure against the glow of the torches.
 He moved in for another kiss and she turned off her look instantly and shoved him off. “No, Ben, I cannot do this.” Her pain was still evident on her face as she avoided eye contact now. 
“You’re kidding me right? What do you mean you can’t do this? Do you even know what I had to go through to make this happen?” He shoved through the claw she put up to warn him off and went right for her mouth again. Now the earthy taste of the water mixed in with the tea and honey on her breath. The lavender in her hair sent him over the edge. He forced her up against a boulder pinning her with his chest as he devoured her lips and then moved to her breasts.
He watched her head go back as he sucked in her nipple and his cock throbbed at the feel of her claws raking across his back. He grunted at the pain and pleasure of them as he drew her legs around his waist. “God, I love you, Lúta.” Her long lashes nearly hiding her passionate gaze as she peered at him from under them. She answered with a sensual kiss of her own, now pulling her claws up through his curly hair. 
The juice from her slit was so slippery. The mineral water did little to hide how she was really feeling. He took her breast in his mouth again and drew it in hard as he felt himself glide into her. She was such a sensational and tight fit and in the water he had so much control over how she moved. He went slow, taking his time to enjoy each and every stroke never relinquishing control of her breast in his mouth. 
Her limbs were already quivering from the sensations before his thumb even made its way to her clit. He stopped his well-timed thrusts and worked on her button until her breathing was no longer steady. She tried to brush his mouth off her breast and he latched on harder as he threw her hand off him. While doing so he could feel her tighten on his cock and he resumed his thrusts as he played her like an instrument. 
Her breast was nearly numb and throbbing in his mouth as she felt him let go of her clit and increase his thrusts. She was lost in all the sensations she was feeling at once and the moment he finally let go of her breast she released so hard he had to stop thrusting. Her thighs drawing together so tightly he nearly lost his footing. 
As soon as her chest stopped heaving he turned her around and bent her over the bank. He found his way back in quickly and pulled on her hair as he bent over her to whisper in her ear. “Now you know what I feel for you. I need you, Lúta. We are married aren’t we? You’re going to make the most beautiful babies.”
“What?” She whimpered at his comment.
“Cubs, Lúta. You asked if I want cubs. I want as many as you will give me.”
She squirmed in response and he pulled her arms back until she couldn’t move anymore. Finishing with a few determined thrusts he came so hard he nearly collapsed on her.  They both lay over the bank for a few moments exhausted. Then she turned around as he drew her into the water with him. He searched her face to see if he may have been a little too rough. Instead what he saw was tenderness beyond words.
“Did you mean that, Ben? What you said about cubs?” The look in her eyes haunted him straight to the core. He nodded and she answered with delicate kiss. Then another. She pulled back and bit at her own lip, “What about Mâvis? I cannot live with the fate of our family at his mercy.”
“I promise I will figure it out, Lúta, I just have to be patient. I know that without you it wouldn’t be worth figuring out for me. I’m lost in this world without you. If you left me or found another mate...” He swallowed back his thoughts and she covered his mouth with a claw.
“No, Ben, that would never happen. Joutone warriors are barbaric, I was raised by a ruthless father and you met my brothers. You see what a monster Mâvis is. Is that how I want my son to be? Is that the life I want for my daughter?” She bit back her tears. “Do you remember the day you came back from working for my brothers with dinner in hand? It may have not been more than a week after you arrived here. You said something to me I will never forget. Do you remember what it was?”
He shook his head, “I’m sorry, so much has happened since then.”
She licked her lips, “You said that I mattered. Then you showed me that I mattered. You taught me to read, you helped with my chores. I am by your side when you heal people. Ben, I never mattered before you came. I want my cubs to grow knowing that kind of love. You said that you came here for a purpose, and that you lived for a reason.” Her lips trembled as she spoke, “I know it may be selfish because of your powers, but I thought ever since the day we found you in the woods that you were here for me.”
His heart broke seeing her cry and he kissed her to steady her lips, letting go to lean his forehead on hers, “You’re right, Lúta. I am here for you, it was always for you. I’m nothing without you.”
His breathing picked up steam as he felt her shudder in his arms. She moved to back away from him as she protested, “He will be looking for you soon.”
“Fuck him.”  Ben pulled her back and kissed her harder.
She backed off and giggled, “What?”
“You heard me.” He laughed.
“I do not know what you said.”
“It’s derogatory, here I will show you what it means.”  He pulled her onto his dick again as he nibbled at her neck, “This is fucking.”
She burst out laughing, “He would kill you for that.”
“I’d be surprised if he knows what it means. But I could not think of a better way to die than wrapped up in your legs.” He laid her half way onto the beach and made love to her for another hour before the guards stomped in and put out the torches. 
Ben covered Lúta with his shirt, “Will you give us a moment to get decent?” The guards grumble and proceeded to the trail to allow them to dress. When they finished they walked back to the lodge hand in hand and leaning on each other with the guards trailing them.
 Reagan passed the slow couple as the came within sight of the building and sucked his teeth in protest to the pace, “Time to move, human, I want to make the boats before sunrise.”
Ben rolled his eyes and stopped in front of the door for one last kiss with his wife before he had to get back to work. Lúta went right for the bed chamber to find Genie and Ben went straight for the great room looking for Mâvis.
He was sitting with King William enjoying some tea. Mâvis poured a mug for Ben, “How were the springs?”
“Certainly welcome after the workout I had today. Thank you, and you as well, sir.” Ben gestured his mug towards the other king, “The wine last night was delightful, I have to give thanks for that too. It was an excellent vintage.”
King William beamed with pride, “It was the least I could do. Your services are deserving of so much more, Doctor Abbott.”
“Would it be rude of me to ask where one comes across something as unique as wine?” Ben sat and took a sip of the tea.
William winced for a second, “You have met the spirit trader, have you not? I thought he rescued you in the woods.”
“I suspected it was him, but wasn’t quite sure.” Ben turned to Mâvis, “Do you plan to trade with him at all in the future?”
The comment drew a growl from Mâvis but it was William that answered, “Mâvis is a bit more superstitious than I am. Plus the trader will not leave those wolves behind for anything so there is no way he would take to a boat.”
Mâvis peered into his cup a moment before looking back at Ben, “If the trader ever made landfall on my island I would hunt him and kill him.”
“Yet you’ve lived on this island with him all this time.” Ben raised a brow to Mâvis.
“You saw how many wolves he travels with. Did you not? I said I was a warrior, not a fool.” Mâvis brought his mug down a bit hard, “Is there something you need from the trader?”
“No, I’m just curious about him.”
Mâvis replied, “You lived with him all that time, you would know more than we do.”
“His secrets are well guarded. The only thing I learned about him is to not ask too many questions and to avoid any company he invites up for dinner.” Ben chuckled.
William’s interest was now peaked, “What do you mean by that?”
“While I was healing in his home he would bring by guests, and a couple times the guests came up for dinner...The last one I was sold to.”
“I would have paid so much more than Ormr, I wonder why he never told me you were there.” William was scratching his chin in thought. 
Ben paused for a second to think on it, “You know, I think he thought he was doing me a favor. Some favor, selling a fellow human being. But in his eyes he thought he was helping me.” He took one last tug on his drink, “I suppose it worked out for the best anyway. I serve a great king now and I have my wife back.”
He turned to leave when King William stopped him, “You mean to say you enjoy your slave position? I saw your training routine out there earlier today. You would honestly have me believe you enjoy that regimen?”
Ben replied, “I hope to serve him in a better capacity someday. But we all have to start somewhere don’t we?”
William looked back at Mâvis and then again at Ben, “So you are saying that if you were a free man today with no consequence for your choice that you would serve under Mâvis? You do realize he hates humans, do you not?”
“I hope that I don’t offend you in saying that I would indeed continue to serve Mâvis...and I do not for one minute believe that he hates humans. His daughter is human. Now if you will excuse me I have to pack for the trip home. And thanks again for the wonderful time here. It’s been a delight.” With that Ben turned and went to find Lúta.
Not a second after he left the room William turned to Mâvis, “I swear I will give you anything you want for him. He absolutely fascinates me. How can you be in possession of such a creature and have him enslaved? Do you not see what you have in him?”
“You honestly would keep him here a free man, able to come and go as he pleases?” Mâvis spoke over his cup midlift.
“If he was enslaved he would never know it, not unless he truly wanted to leave. I am convinced I could keep him here on wit alone. His mind likes to be challenged. Do you not see that?”
“Well he certainly likes to challenge me.” Mâvis grinned, “The only way he leaves my service is on his last breath or mine.”
William scoffed, “Ugh, you will never use him to his full potential. Such a waste.”
Mâvis stood to leave, “Maybe not, but I certainly enjoy toying with him. Makes my days amusing to say the least.” 
“Nevertheless, Mâvis, thank you for lending him to me. This goes a long way in ensuring our alliance. There will be great rewards for both of us if we can build on this bond.”  William stood to shake Mâvis’s hand and walk with him down the corridor.



Chapter 33



The walk back to the beach was grueling. Ben kept pace with a bundle of furs for his wife and the queen, as well as toting Jocelyn a portion of the way. 
Lúta and Genevieve carried a large basket of gifts and refreshments from the lodge between the two of them. They made it to the beach to find Mâvis and the guards already packing newly traded supplies into the boats. 
Mâvis immediately dropped what he was doing and strolled over to his wife for a kiss and then to help her into the boat. Lúta nearly hissed at him when he went to offer her a hand. Ben plucked Jocelyn off the ground and plopped her in the boat next to her mother before offering the women a few of the furs. Mâvis took the rest of the bundle and pointed towards the oars, “You can row this time, I will take care of my daughter.”
“Yes, sir.” Ben exited the boat to help the warriors shove off the beach and then hopped back in to take his seat. This time taking to the task with much more ease than last time. Despite the rough seas he found the trip somewhat enjoyable. Getting lost in thought only to be drawn out of his reflections a few times by Lúta staring at him bashfully. She finally leaned on Genevieve’s arm and dozed off.
The evening they spent together was fresh in his mind the entire trip. He paced the night with the thoughts of his wife squirming to free herself from his grip and then giving in to him not once but twice. He couldn’t wait to make it home and give their renewed lust for each other another go around. 
The sun was nearly up by the time they made shore and Ben’s abs and arms were burning from the work. The beach was unusually quiet and he could tell by the guards careful scanning of the beach and woods that something wasn’t right. 
They all pulled their weapons out as Mâvis flew to the front of the boat with his axe in hand. He yelled to Ben, “Go with the women. This will not end well.” No sooner had Mâvis finished his last word than a guard in front of him collapsed with an arrow through his neck.
The king crouched and readied his axe before taking off in the direction the arrow had come from. Ben scrambled across the boat and hurried to cover the women behind a barricade or supplies and furs. He readied a crossbow and watched over the edge of the boat at the massive battle that broke out on a beach that was completely empty just moments ago. Bodies already littering the sand as Mâvis and his guards made quick work of the intruders. 
Then Ben noticed the boat next to him on fire and the boat on the other side of that one as well. Before he could even blink a warrior was standing over him looking down with a crossbow of his own in hand. It was Olsen. King Freyr’s son. Ben growled out, “I saved your life! You will let us go, burn another boat.” 
The creature paused for a moment realizing who Ben was and retracted his weapon if only for a moment. Olsen looked around for a second and then ushered them out of the boat. “Get out, go if you want to live. I am setting this one on fire.”
Ben snatched Jocelyn and handed her to Genevieve as soon as she was out of the boat then he and Lúta followed, clinging to the hull of it as Olsen sent a lit arrow into the supplies they had been crouched behind only a moment ago. The teenager made a jump to the next boat to light that one on fire and Ben shot his leg and sent the boy over the other side. Ben immediately dove under the boat with the crossbow loaded already for another shot and took out the boy’s other leg. 
He made quick work of tying the kid up and tossing him back into the boat he was just standing on. Then waived Lúta and Genevieve to follow him. Passing nearly unnoticed around the fighting until a couple warriors realized who they were and tried cornering the women. Genevieve had Jocelyn tight to her chest as she screamed out, “No!” and tried to make off in reverse direction. 
Seeing he was faster than her she dropped her daughter to the ground, instead choosing to take the warrior head on as she readied her claws. Ben had the other warrior occupied fighting back with a spear until the monster snatched in towards his body. Ben immediately took the hunting knife from his boot and dragged it across the beast’s throat sending the creature to the ground. 
He turned just in time to see Genevieve tossed to the ground as the warrior she was fighting took off after Jocelyn intending to stomp the child to death.  Ben used the warrior he had just killed for leverage and jumped off him sending the spear full force into the warrior’s chest. The beast had so much momentum in Ben’s direction that the spear cleared straight through him as the weight of the creature fell forward. Having no other choice Ben snatched Jocelyn to his body as the warrior crashed down on top of them.
He struggled to get the weight of the creature off him in fear Jocelyn was injured. But within seconds the carcass was peeled off him and Mâvis yanked his daughter from Ben’s clutches. She was screaming in fear and pain as the king held her in one hand to look her over, then plant a kiss on her. He glanced down at Ben and growled out, “Ooh, human, that was good!” He stomped off clutching Jocelyn to his chest.
Ben sat up slowly nursing a dislocated shoulder and looking out over the beach. The battle was over. Just that fast. The bodies from both Freyr’s village and Ormr’s littering the sand and rocks. Mâvis’s men started tossing them into the burning boats. 
Reagan passed by, “Are you alright? I saw that, you did very well.”
Ben shook his head, “My shoulder is dislocated, can you pull it for me? Take my arm and give it a good yank that way.” Ben nodded in the direction he was indicating. Reagan circled him a couple times looking carefully at the position of the arm. Now seeing what he had to do he took the arm and snapped it backwards immediately sending Ben to the ground, as he doubled over in pain. “Thanks!”
Reagan stomped off laughing, “No trouble, anytime.”
Lúta and Genevieve helped Ben to his feet as they hobbled back to the village. The walk took hours and by the time he made it to his bed he was exhausted and numb with pain. Lúta made him some tea with a concoction of herbs she had seen him use for Mark’s broken arm. 
Genevieve sat on the bed and stroked his hair, “Thank you, Ben. My husband does not give you enough credit for all you do. But you saved my daughter for the second time and I swear that you will be honored for this.”
He brushed her hand off, “Thank you, ma’am but that won’t be necessary. I don’t know what I would do if anything ever happened to that little girl. She’s such a treasure.”
The queen choked back her tears at the response he gave and got up to leave, “Ben, it is you that is the treasure. I swear on my last breath I will see to it you are rewarded for your bravery today.” With that she left to find her husband.
He was in his office coddling Jocelyn and talking to the guards about the next move to make. “I want Olsen imprisoned until his father arrives for him. Then we will kill them both in the square. It will send a strong message to Ormr should he want to test me again.” Reagan and Thomas put their armor back on and turned to leave as Genevieve came in. 
She dashed around the desk and took her daughter from him to look her over. “Oh, Jocelyn, you still look so scared, love.” She pulled the teary-eyed girl to her chest and stoked her hair. 
Mâvis nodded to Tom as he pulled the door closed behind him giving them some privacy. He swiped Genie’s legs out from under her seating her on his desk then leaned in to kiss her on the forehead and look into her eyes, “Are you alright?” She broke her gaze on him and looked to the door. He grabbed at her chin and pulled her back until he had her attention, “Hey, I am right here, wife. Tell me what it is, please?”
“I just keep seeing that warrior chasing after Jocelyn. He would have killed her like she was nothing. He meant to step on her like she was a rodent.” She sucked her breath in as if it were her last, “If Ben was not there, Mâvis.”
“Shhh, look she is here in your arms. He did well and you have her now.” He kissed her lips and brushed her hair behind her ear.
“I want him set free. Tell me you are going to free him, Mâvis. I want him set free and I want him to be honored with a cottage and a guard to protect his wife.” She searched his face for his intentions and lowered her eyes again at the sight of his jaw clenching. “Then I will do it. If you cannot be man enough to let him go then I will.”
He growled back at her, “You would defy me like that, woman?”
“No, Mâvis, it is you who defy me. You promised, and you play these games with this so-called training and rules for him. Like it or not he is half the reason you are even here.”
Mâvis stepped back to calm his rage, “That is not true.”
Genie hopped off the desk, “Oh it is not, husband? Then tell me, how did you plan on coming to my aid then? How did you plan on crossing the sea? Olivia told me everything. It was the debt owed to Ben. Tell me how would you have crossed the sea without him? You would be working for King William as we speak.” She paced the floor, jiggling Jocelyn to try and calm her as their conversation got more heated.
“I would have done whatever I had to.”
Her eyes grew big with anger and she shut her mouth and crossed the room to the door. Mâvis darted ahead of her shoving his hand up against it as she reached for the latch. He finally admitted, “If I free him, he will leave.”
“So be it then. It would be you to blame for that. He has served you loyally and you will repay him for every bit of it or I will.” With that she stepped towards him with a feminine rumble in her throat. He released to door, in fear of her lashing out with Jocelyn in her arms. Before he could say another word she was gone.
Mâvis slammed the door behind her and cleared his desk in a single sweep then he flipped it over before storming out to cool off. A few hours later he found himself in the tavern cradling an ale. His wife’s words weighing heavily on his mind. The bar keep topped off his cup and turned to walk away. “Hey, Eric, do you still have that book I sold you a few months back?” 
The bar keep thought briefly on the question before he held up a claw and ducked into his family quarters. A few moments later he emerged with the book in hand. “I tried to read it, but it was mostly riddles. I could not understand a word of it.”
Mâvis grinned, “That sounds about right. What will you take for it?” He flipped through the pages to see if he could understand any of the gibberish.
“You can have it back, it is either that or it will be kindling eventually.” The barkeep smiled back and wiped the bar off before leaving to do the tables in the rest of the tavern. 
Mâvis finished his drink and left the mug on the bar with a generous tip. He exited the building to find Reagan and Avarr waiting just outside the door. His guards not daring to leave his side after such a well-planned and coordinated attack. His brother stood up and adjusted his armor, “You ready to go home?”
“No, not yet, brother.” They followed the king up the street till they came to the alley with Avarr’s old cottage on it. Mâvis stood outside looking it over a few minutes before turning to his brother, “You got any plans for this heap?”
Avarr shook his head, “I was going to sell it but you can take it if you like. What are you thinking for it?”
“Do you think it would be comfortable for a human?” Mâvis pointed back at it as he headed for the palace.
“It served my wife and I for the past few years. It still has plenty of life left in it.” Avarr paused for a second, “You would put the slave in there?”
Mâvis grunted as he continued his pace towards the palace tossing over his shoulder, “I am not sure yet. I will send the builders over to look at it though.” Avarr shook his head and followed his brother to the palace. 



Chapter 34

It was a few days before King Freyr showed up in the village looking for his son. The palace guard surrounded him as he entered the square. He had a few mercenaries from Ormr’s village with him. Mâvis eyed them as he passed storming right for the rival king and sending the butt of his axe into Freyr’s knee.
Freyr collapsed on the knee Mâvis had knocked out and bellowed in pain. Mâvis rumbled, “There you are, Freyr, you can kneel before a worthy king.” Mâvis bowled him over this time with the head of his axe, “Oh do not worry I will not kill you just yet. I have your son. I think you can watch as I rip his heart from his chest.”
Freyr groaned, unable to speak through a now shattered jaw. Blood and drool oozed out as he tried to get off the ground.  Mâvis turned to Thomas and gestured up to the patio. “I want them both up there along with any other prisoners we collected from the raid.” As Thomas walked off to follow his instructions Mâvis gave him one last order beaming with pride, “Oh, and bring Abbott. He is the one who caught Olsen.” 
Half an hour later the entire village square was packed with onlookers as king Freyr was tied to a chair next to his son. Two more surviving warriors were tied there as well.
Ben climbed the stairs ahead of Thomas and stood before the king. His arm wrapped in a sling and his face was weary. “How may I be of service, sir?”
“My wife said it was you that caught Olsen. You can kill him while his father watches.” Mâvis handed Ben a sword as he grinned.
Ben dropped his eyes for a moment and bit at his lower lip. He looked at the boy tied to the chair and then back at the king. “I can’t do that, sir.”
The king’s pride washed into anger quickly, “What did you say?”
“Mâvis, he’s just a boy. I can’t kill a child.”
“Do you honestly test me in front of the entire village? Where is your loyalty?” Mâvis’s voice took a dangerous tone as he stepped closer to him. His chest heaved near Ben’s ear and he had to look up to keep eye contact with the king.
“Sir, I’m loyal to you. I just can’t kill a child. I won’t. I will gladly kill Freyr. Let the boy go home with his father’s head on his lap. But I won’t kill a child.”
“He is no cub, human, he led this raid and nearly killed you and my wife! You will put him to death or I will put you to death.” 
Ben took the sword from Mâvis and immediately tore into Freyr’s chest with it. Then he yanked the blade and killed the next warrior on the patio. He finished the last one as the king stood watching, curiously. “There, I have shed blood for you, my liege. Is it not enough? You know I’m loyal to you.” He threw the sword to the stone floor then pointed to Olsen, “He had the chance to kill us and he chose not to take the shot. Do with me as you wish, kill me if you must, sir. But I won’t be the one to take his life. You will not turn me into that demon no matter what you do to me.”
Mâvis relaxed his stance and paced the balcony looking over the carcasses, he Had never been so impressed and insulted in his entire life. Time and time again Ben has proved himself not just a warrior, but a better warrior than himself. Not only is his honor beyond measure but he would risk his own life to maintain it above all else. Finally he gave Ben a new order, “Take Olsen back to his cell till I figure out what to do with him.”
Ben pulled his hunting knife from his boot and cut the teen from his chair. Thomas immediately hauled the boy up by his arm and shoved him towards the staircase as Ben followed, watching the kid stumble from the wounds in his legs. 
Mâvis leaned on the railing of the patio and watched Ben follow the guard across the square, “Abbott, when you are finished I expect to see you in my chambers.” Ben acknowledged the order and continued shoving his way through the crowd as they threw things at Olsen.
He spent a few hours patching up the boy’s wounds the best he could while coddling his weak arm. As he finished Lúta found him and helped clean up, “You did good, Ben. Do not let him tell you otherwise. You saved us in that boat, and you saved his daughter.” She reached out her hand for him to take, “Come, I will not let you face him alone.”  As they left the cell, the guard locked the door and stood watch.
 Thomas was waiting by the stairs and he followed them up, stopping in front of Mâvis’s chamber door. “She must wait out here, human.”
It was Lúta that answered, getting in his face to do so, “Try and stop me, Thomas.”
Mâvis opened the door after hearing the sounds of them talking in the hallway, “Genie take Lúta for a walk so I may speak with Abbott.” He ushered Ben in and Genevieve exited after giving Ben a quick hug. Jocelyn followed behind her mother and the two women walked down the hallway with Lúta looking over her shoulder to be sure her husband was safe.
The king poured some tea and offered a mug to Ben. Then Mâvis sat in the chair by the fire and offered Ben the other seat.  “The display in the square was very daring human. To tell you the truth I am not even sure what to make of it. You never cease to amaze me, I swear. You deny me my order in front of the entire village and in the same breath kill every warrior on the landing.” He took a long draw off his tea as he stared at Ben. “I honestly have never been so angry and impressed in all my days.”
The king continued, “Tell me, if I granted you your freedom what would you do?” Mâvis chewed at his inner lip as he waited for a reply.
“I suppose I would open a clinic and start a family.”
Mâvis’s brow furrowed, “What is a clinic?”
“A place to treat people who are ill. It would do well here, this village is so large.”
The king reached into his tunic and pulled out a white book, “Would that help?”
Ben perked up and smiled as he took it, “My field journal, I thought I would never see this again. Tell me did the barkeep enjoy it?”
“You mean your book of riddles? He said he was going to use it as kindling.” The king flashed toothy grin as he chuckled, “What do you get from that thing?”
“It’s tailored for this region. Helps me to know what is in the area for medical supplies, naturally. Herbs, plants, minerals. Tells me how to use them.” Ben flipped through the book to see if the pages were intact. “Yes, sir, this would be invaluable to anyone who knows how to use it.” 
“Good, then you can use it for that.” Mâvis eyed Ben for his reaction, marveling at the fact that it took him a good few minutes to grasp what he was saying. Ben’s jaw dropped and Mâvis continued, “When you finish your training I will give you a cottage. You will be free to do as you wish, you can meet with my builders to tell them what you will need for this clinic of yours.”
“Sir, that is so generous, I don’t even know what to say.” He was completely dumbstruck, “Thank you.”
“You can thank my wife, this was her idea. Or at least it was until today. Go, I have little patience for sentiment.” The king nodded towards the door as he leaned back in his chair and worked on his tea.
Ben got up to leave and stopped at the door, “Do you think we could keep this a bit of a secret? I think it would be a delightful surprise for my wife.”
“That is your concern, Abbott. I will tell her nothing, she barely tolerates being in the same room with me.” He didn’t even look back at Ben, just smiled with pride as he heard the door shut from behind him.

Chapter 35

It took several weeks for Ben’s shoulder to heal. In the meantime he kept up on his exercise and what drills he could do. In between seeing patients in their homes he had to make time away from Lúta in order to meet with the builders and get the cottage ready.
As soon as he was better Mâvis resumed Ben’s training, now handling most of it himself. Some days he drew quite the crowd and still a tremendous interest from the other humans on the island. Especially after the display in the village square. 
They sat watching on the railing as the king made quick work of Ben’s attempts to take him off his feet. Amusing himself with each of Ben’s falls, “Come on, human, I expect better. Your arm is working well.”
Ben steadied the wood axe in his good hand for a few blows and cursed as Mâvis sent him to the ground yet again.
The king swapped his axe to his other hand, “Perhaps I should fight with my weak arm, then we would be even?” He teased as he paced another circle around Ben. 
“If you want to make it fair, perhaps you could remove a few inches off your height?” Ben answered with a few well-meant blows before he was sent to the ground again.
The crowd was riled up and laughing at the display between the two of them. Kevin and Rob sat on the fence cheering Ben on in between comments to each other in Russian. 
Ben ignored much of the conversation, instead trying to focus on the king and trying to calculate his next moves. Mâvis noticed his distracted state and plowed into him hard, sending him again to the ground. 
 He came up to his knees and just sat for a moment trying to catch his breath. As he heard Rob call him, “the king’s little bitch” in Russian. Ben shook it off and stood to face Mâvis again for another round. He was still too distracted however and Mâvis had him on the ground almost as fast as he made it to his feet.
“Are you trying to aggravate me, human? It is working, I promise you.” Mâvis circled back around and readied his axe as Ben again made it to his knees.
He sat still for a moment more, catching his breath and trying to calm his nerves as he could still hear the taunts coming from the two men behind him. Finally he heard Kevin reference him as the ‘king’s whore’ and he lost it. The wood axe he meant to attack Mâvis with a moment ago landed dead set between Kevin’s legs nearly sending the man backwards off the fence. “You will take care in how you speak of the king.”
Kevin’s face was sheer white, “You speak Russian?”
Ben was on his feet already yanking the axe from the fence and shoving Kevin off. He turned to see Mâvis beaming at him, “What was that?”
“It was a warning, sir. Did you not see it?” Ben readied his axe to fight some more.
“Yes, I saw you miss.” Mâvis slung his axe over his shoulder and planted his other hand on his hip.
“That was intentional. That is why it is called a warning.” 
Mâvis replied, “I am surprised they are still here. The next axe will be mine and I never miss.” The humans immediately took that hint and disbanded from the courtyard. “Good, now you train till sunrise with Avarr.”
Ben slumped down to his knees again, “Whatever for?”
“I told you already, you missed.” Mâvis half growled half laughed as he strolled off. “Do not worry, I will make sure he takes it easy on your arm.”
“Oh, thank you, sir.” As soon as Mâvis left the courtyard Ben flung his axe into the wood pile, hitting his target dead center. He got off his knees and went into the palace to get some sleep and prepare for a long night of training. 
Lúta woke him up with a bowl of food in her hands, “Why does he have you training all night again?”
Ben sat up rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he accepted the food, “I’m sorry dear, but I asked for the extra training. I hope you’ll understand.”
“You expect me to believe that after the last time you trained till sunrise?” Her hair was cascading over her shoulders as she leaned on the bed watching him for an answer.
He brushed it off her shoulder and pulled her in for a kiss before responding, “I love how you worry for me. But this time I have a bit of a deal with him. My training will not go on indefinitely, I promise.” 
“Well, it certainly feels as though it will, Ben. Honestly, how would you still even need to train after the battle on the beach? You took down two warriors, one twice your size. What more could he want from you? You will never be good enough to take on Mâvis. He is not like the rest of us, I am not even sure he is truly one of our people.”
“That may very well be true, I have at times thought he is a bit advanced for your species. I can’t help but wonder if he is in fact a close cousin to your people.”
Lúta laughed, “What?”
“You know, your people have made it into folklore around the world, in my culture we often tell stories of woodland people who resemble yours. They have names like bigfoot, sasquatch and yeti. I sometimes wonder if Mâvis is from another lineage of these creatures. Possibly different from yours.”
She giggled and swiped her claw down his nose before returning his kiss, “I have no idea what you just said, Ben. I just hope you know what you are doing with taking on this level of training. Your arm is not fully healed yet.”
“I have been working it out, dear. Besides, I need to prove to you I’m not fragile as you say.” He took another bite off his spoon and offered her one, which she accepted. 
A few minutes into their playing back and forth a knock came from the door, Avarr pushed it open and stood leaning on the door jam, “You ready, human?”
“Well since my wife and I were just about to have some fun that would put you right on time to ruin it.” Ben chided sarcastically. 
“Glad to be of service, come.”
After a long night of sparring and drills Ben was exhausted. Come morning Lúta and Genevieve were waiting for the sun to peak through the trees so they could snatch up Ben and bring him into the palace. 
But he wasn’t ready to go in just yet. He grabbed a basket he had waiting by the kitchen door and headed off towards the square with his tunic still in his hand, “Come, Lúta, we can eat breakfast together.”
She looked curiously back at the queen who shrugged her shoulders, “Looks like he is fine, go with him.”
Ben climbed the staircase to the patio and sat on the railing taking the contents out of the basket, “Do you want some?” He handed her half of his apple tart and they sat eating and watching the sun come up together.
After an hour with her he finally cooled down enough from his work out to put the tunic on and she wrapped her arm around him to warm him back up. No sooner than they got comfortable Mâvis passed through the square.
 He looked up at the patio to address Ben, “Good morning Abbott, how was your training last night?” Grinning sarcastically as he scratched his face.
“As well as it could be with my arm.” Ben said as Lúta rolled her eyes and hopped off the railing to avoid having to look at the king.
“Avarr said you did well considering. Come down I have something to show you.” He strolled off as Ben packed up the basket and took Lúta by the hand.
A few minutes later the three of them were in front of Avarr’s old cottage. Genevieve was now approaching them with Jocelyn on her hip, “Did I miss it? You did not give it to him yet, did you?”
Mâvis shot her a scornful look, “I swear, woman, you cannot keep a secret to save your own hide.”
“Oh, sorry, husband.” She took to her tippy toes to offer him a kiss, then bit her bottom lip as she turned to Lúta.
Lúta was utterly confused, “Give who, what?”
Mâvis gestured towards the cottage. It had a beautiful new second story on it and a well-crafted, wood shingle roof where the thatched roof had been before. The room off the back of the building was doubled in size and there was two cords of fresh firewood out back.
Lúta looked at Ben who was now smiling and shoved him back, “You know what this is and you are not telling me?”
He addressed the king, “Can we go in?”
Mâvis sneered, “What do you mean ‘can we go in’? Why are we still standing out here? Open the blasted door, human.”
Ben wasted no more time opening the door. The place was beautiful. Completely cleaned and remodeled. They were greeted with a rustic, spiral, log stair case that led up to a spacious loft. The upstairs boasted two separate rooms that could both be seen from the first floor. 
The ground level floor that once housed Avarr’s bedroom and the kitchen now had a full parlor with a dining table separating the entry. A large tapestry was put up to offer privacy from the living quarters because the room they were standing in was now a well-stocked exam room complete with a cot for Ben’s patients. 
There were two fireplaces in the building and they were both going full blast with roaring fires. Ben turned to Mâvis, “Sir, it’s beautiful. I honestly don’t know what to say.” He looked at his wife who was in full tears.
“Is this ours, Ben? Is this ours?”  She now turned to Mâvis, “Did you build this for us?” The king stood with his arms crossed over his chest and nodded back to her. She shrieked and jumped as she wrapped her arms around Mâvis giving him a hug. 
The action took him a bit by surprise as she let go and hugged Genie now and then Ben before she took off to look in the washroom and then climbed the staircase. 
Ben now hugged Genie and turned to do the same to Mâvis, who scowled down at him and responded, “If you touch me, I will kill you.”
Ben immediately backed off putting his hands in his pockets instead, “Yes, sorry.” He then followed Lúta through the rest of the building.
A few minutes later guards showed up carrying trunks full of stuff from the palace and Mâvis gestured to Ben, “Come, let them unpack for you. You and Lúta can sign your papers at the palace.”
There was a full breakfast waiting for them in the great hall. Avarr and Beatrice were already there eating and they rose when Mâvis entered the room. Lúta dashed over and hugged her friend as they took their seats squealing over the news of the cottage. 
Ben sat next to the king and was given a small stack of paperwork to sign and he laughed to himself for a moment. Now realizing he had the king’s attention he said, “Sorry, it’s just that when I became your slave all you did was hit me in the head.”
It drew a smile from the king, “Is that how you wish to undo it?” Ben huffed and shook his head. He quickly signed his way through the house and a document that had Lúta’s name on it. Then Mâvis snatched them up and placed one last one in front of him. “That is your freedom, human.” Ben smiled back at the king and reached to sign it when Mâvis pulled it back for a second. “I will not regret this, will I?”
Mâvis’s eyes were ice cold and yet still managed to burn into Ben straight to his core. He swallowed hard wondering if he truly was signing for his freedom. “Not in the least, sir. I am grateful for your generosity.”
“Very well, then. You are your own problem now.” The king shoved the document back at Ben and he signed right below Mâvis’s signature.
Lúta dropped her fork and rounded the table snatching the document out of Ben’s hands, “Did I hear him right? Are you free?” She read the entire document twice, only struggling with a few words which she showed her husband to decipher. 
She then shoved the document back at the king and snatched Ben from the table, “Bye, Mâvis, thank you!” She shot over her shoulder as she dragged Ben from the great hall.”
Avarr burst out laughing, “He is not free, you just signed him over to her.”
Mâvis returned the laugh, “He already said he would serve her willingly.”
Avarr retorted, “I would serve her willingly. I still do not know how he ended up with her.” No sooner than the last word fell out of his mouth Beatrice slapped the back of his head. Both women at the table were giving him a cold stare.
Mâvis shook his head, “Better serve your wife if you wish to wake up tomorrow.” He pointed his knife towards her direction and chuckled before slicing into his meat.

Chapter 36

The clinic proved to be quite successful from the opening. Humans came by for long overdue checkups for themselves and their kids and warriors came in looking for relief from old wounds. He treated any number of ailments from the common cold to a foot that needed to be rebroken and set again. 
He found people paid well for his services. Everything from deer meat to clothing. He didn’t turn away anyone regardless of what they had to pay with but did find himself turning down certain forms of payment just to keep his house livable. 
At night he would cuddle up with Lúta and they would read a book together before making love. 
One night he was called to the palace late in the evening. He arrived in his night clothes to find Genevieve leaning over the table in the great hall brushing the hair back on a man who was laid across it.
“What do we have here?” Ben asked as he started checking for vital signs. 
“He is a human. The guards found him on the beach as they were coming back from a trade run. Will he live?” She continued stroking the man’s hair as if to soothe him. But the guy was out cold.
“You mean he is not from here?” Ben had asked the question but immediately knew the answer based on the man’s clothes and clean cut hair. “Was there a boat or just him?”
“The guards said there was a vessel stranded on the rocks out in the water. But when they returned to check on it, it was gone already. The sea claimed it.” 
Ben pulled the pillow out from under the man’s head and rolled a rag up to stick under his neck allowing the head to roll back and his mouth to drop open. With his airway cleared he took out his pocket knife and cut open the man’s shirt to see several wounds and his skin was a pale blue, nearly dead-looking despite the fact that he was still alive and breathing. 
“I’ll need some blankets, he’s hypothermic. I’ll need to get him warmed up as quickly as possible.” The doctor set about to cutting the rest of the man’s clothing off. 
Genevieve took off to the hallway and ordered the guards to bring her blankets and skins. She returned to the table pulling her shawl around her tighter as she watched Ben work on the wounds sewing up what needed to be closed. The man was so cold that very little blood flowed from the wounds as he worked. He honestly wasn’t even sure the man would survive the night. 
He worked feverishly to get the gashes closed up nonetheless; and the queen covered the man’s legs and torso as Ben finished with each injury. Genevieve nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard Mâvis enter the room. 
“What is going on here?” The rumble in his voice got Ben’s attention right away. 
“I’m sorry, sir, I thought it was you who summoned me here.”
Mâvis locked eyes with his wife, “Why is there a human on the table, woman?”
She backed up and stood defiantly glaring up at him, “He was found on the beach. I sent for Abbott.”
“So are we to take in every stray animal the seas toss on our shores?”  Mâvis pointed at the creature laying there. “I will not have this island over run with these things. We have more than enough as it is.” He was furious with her but he snapped at Ben next. “I do not care who summons you here human you are to check with me from now on before you do anything. I will see to it that this does not happen again.”
“As you wish, sir.” Ben cleaned up his tools and gestured to the guard. “Can you bring him to my cottage?”
Mâvis was on his way out of the room when he stopped short, “For what?”
“I was going to let him recover there.”
“You will do no such thing, this is Genie’s mess. She will take full responsibility for it.” He proceeded to leave the room tossing back over his shoulder, “The next one you bring home, woman, you will find with his throat cut in the courtyard.”
She huffed at the direction the king left in before she turned her attention back to the human on the table, “I swear my husband is so intolerable sometimes. Will he live?”
“Honestly, it’s hard to say at this point. He’s in rough shape. As much as I hate to agree with Mâvis, however, he’s right on this.” He continued cleaning his tools and sterilizing his equipment. “Humans can bring illness sometimes. I mean, I’m lucky because of the work I did before I came here. I have been treated for almost every contamination I come in contact with. But you put yourself and other islanders at risk by exposing yourself to us without proper immunizations.”
She scowled at him, “I did not ask your opinion, Abbott. My daughter is human. I would want her cared for if she were ever found like this.”
“As would I, ma’am. But even Jocelyn is not properly protected from the threat of disease. She is at risk just as much as you are.” He packed up his bags to leave and ushered the guard to remove the man from the table. “I will be back to sterilize the table properly. I suggest you and any guards that came in contact with him take a bath as soon as possible. Just as a precaution. I will burn any of his clothing and send over some garments from my wardrobe.
She nodded in understanding and left to get washed up, “Thank you, Abbott.”
It was the wee hours of the morning before Ben finished cleaning up after the man that had washed ashore. He burned the clothing and the blankets used on the man and returned to the palace to check on him one last time before heading home. 
Sitting on the cot and checking the man’s wrist he knew the moment he touched him that the man was dead. “Sorry old chap, I did all I could for you.”
By the time the sun was up Ben was sitting by the bonfire in the square watching the remains of the man and his belongings go up in smoke. Kevin passed by the square on his way to Charles house. “What is that?”
“Some poor soul that washed up overnight. He was in rough shape. He didn’t even make it till morning.” 
“You sure the king didn’t kill him?” The man laughed as he slapped Ben on the back.
“That’s not funny.” Ben glared back at him, “The king is a good man and even if he wasn’t he’s still your king. You will be respectful of him in my presence even if no place else.”
Kevin replied, “He’s a man killer. You may think you’re safe but just wait. How do you think he got that child? Her parents were his first slaves. Look around you, human, he isn’t even here, you can stop sucking his dick now.”
Ben hopped off the railing, clocked Kevin in the face and ducked a blow from him before sending the man to the ground with an upper cut. “How he acquired that girl is not your business! He’s the best protection she has in this world. The next time I have to talk to you it’ll be in his presence. I will NOT answer for YOUR lack of intelligence.” 
The confrontation quickly got the attention of the palace guards as Thomas hauled Kevin off the ground and shoved him towards his cottage, “Come, human, I think it is time you and I have a talk.”
Ben grabbed his jacket to leave and noticed out of the corner of his eye Mâvis standing on his chamber balcony watching the entire scene. Worried for how much the king had seen he flung his coat over his shoulder and went back to his cottage.
Thomas finally made it to Kevin’s cottage, shoved him through the door and onto one of the chairs. “Now, what has come over you? You were the most well behaved human when Vidar was king. Now look at you, causing trouble with a king who has no interest in you whatsoever.”
“Come on, you know Mâvis killed that man. He hates humans. It’s only a matter of time before we are wiped out of here.”
Tom leaned in towards Kevin’s face and gestured out the door, “I stood watch on my post by the great hall all night while Abbott worked on that human. I was the one who carried him to his chambers and he was alive at the time though barely. Now you would never risk speaking your tongue in front of any of the king’s other guards, why do you test the human?”
“Because he is a lap dog. I find it disgusting that any human would serve that king willingly. Even if he is free now he runs back to the king like a brown-nosed pussy.”
Thomas straightened up crossing his massive arms over his chest, “You and I have known each other a long time. I have a cub on the way and want to see you around long enough to witness it breathe. That will not happen if you continue to play this game. You know how it will end. As much as I respect you as a neighbor and friend I will still obey my king when he orders me to kill you. Do NOT put me in that position. Like it or not that human is under order of protection by Mâvis and by all rights I should have ended your life in the square just now.”
Kevin’ nostrils flared as he glared up at Tom, “He hit me first.”
Tom raised his voice, “Do you think it matters? Honestly, Kevin, if that human ordered your death it would be my duty to execute you. Stay away from him and you would be wise to tell the other guys to mind their manners as well. I have no wish to see your blood spilled and I do not want to be the one forced to spill it.” With his last words he stormed out of the cottage leaving Kevin to think on the picture he had just painted.

Chapter 37

Ben woke up to the sound of someone knocking at his cottage door. He opened it to find the king outside with Reagan. “Still sleeping? It is nearly dinner.” Mâvis was in a rather upbeat mood as he shoved his way in. 
Lúta addressed him instead, “He did not get home till after sunrise.” She poured some water into a tea kettle and stuck it over the fire to warm. Then she cracked open a freshly baked bread to offer some to Mâvis and the guard.
“I know that, woman. I watched as he cleaned up the mess my wife made last night and then as he cleaned the square with the human named Kevin.” Mâvis was grinning at Ben. “You know I would have killed that creature already, but I enjoy watching you beat on him.” The king’s smile was so big his nose wrinkled as he accepted the bread from Lúta. “Tell me, what did he say?”
Ben sat at the table wiping his face to try and wake up a bit, “He was-” Ben paused for a moment fearing the rage that would erupt form the king would lead to Kevin’s death. But he knew a lie would instantly be answered with his own punishment should Mâvis discover the truth. “He was making insinuations about the origin of Jocelyn. I dealt with him as I thought you would. My hope is that it was enough.” He swallowed hard and looked away from the king’s now piercing stare.
Mâvis was scratching at his chin as he watched Ben’s uncomfortable struggle with his thoughts. “Interesting, tell me what was this insinuation?” 
“He said her birth parents were once your slaves and that you killed them.” Mâvis gestured to Reagan that it was time to leave and left his tea on the table untouched. Getting no reaction from the king, Ben stood to escort him to the door.
Mâvis paused in the doorway, “Abbott, you have been somewhat scarce since you moved in here. I take it you are enjoying your freedom. But you are still a valued member of the palace. The two of you should join us for dinner tonight.”
“Absolutely, sir. May I ask what will be done with Kevin?” Ben was wringing his hands together from nerves.
“Nothing, you said you handled it, did you not? Unless there is something else I should know?” The king watched intently for any sign that Ben might be hiding something, but seeing his shoulders relax he knew he had his answer. “Very well, then I will see you tonight, I hope?”
Not a moment after the king left Lúta rushed over to her husband to give him a hug, “You do not have to go there, Ben, let him be.”
He kissed her and turned to go take another bath, “I won’t refuse his invitation he will take it personally. Besides, I know you miss Genie.”
“I do miss her, Ben, but I do not trust him. Please can we just stay as far from the king as possible? I swear my stomach is in knots every time I see him, I will never break my fear of him.”
“Lúta, he gave us a house, he gave me my freedom. What more can he do to prove he’s trust worthy?” He was out of his shirt and pulling off his britches to head into the washroom.
“Even you do not trust him. I saw you struggle through that conversation, as if he would snatch you out of your chair on the spot. You know he is dangerous.” She was now fighting back tears and avoiding eye contact. “One day you will push him too far.”
“I just know he can be a bit of a loose cannon where his daughter is concerned, that’s all. The king is working on his patience, I assure you. Honestly, Lúta, I think I’m a big part of helping him with that. Please, can you trust me?” He felt guilty defending Mâvis to her as he went into the washroom.
She pulled her shawl tightly around her shoulders and stuck her chin out, “The games you play with your life do not just affect us anymore, Ben. Now they affect your cub. Please, stay away from the king. I am begging you.”
There was a brief moment of silence. Then he appeared at the curtain to the washroom pulling it back to look at her, “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“Your cub, Ben. It grows within me.” Before she finished her last word he plowed through the chair and skidded over the table, stopping dead in front of her and looking into her eyes.
His own eyes started to water a bit as he kissed her, “Lúta, are you sure? Please, tell me you are sure.” His hands were trembling from excitement as he covered her belly with one of them, “Oh, I can’t wait to meet our baby, dear! I love you so much.” He kissed her again and then backed her up until she was sitting on the table. He pulled her hips close to him and threw he skirt back to find her thighs. 
He was in her before she could even protest and his mouth was now devouring hers. Within a few seconds her trembling had subsided and she too was focused on the impassioned and tender love he was giving her. She laid backwards onto the table to get the full enjoyment of his thrusts as he mastered her clit with his hand. Her thighs quivered from the intense release and he found himself spent quickly.
She sat up and he pulled her close again to whisper in her ear, “Come have a bath with me. We can get ready together.”
Her eyes hit the floor as she averted his gaze, “Really, Ben?” Her lip started to tremble again, but she agreed to go out of obedience. “Fine, but I do not wish to do this often. Please, tell him no next time?”
“I promise I will do the best I can. I can’t be sure of how long I can deter him though. Honestly the best way for us to have peace is to stay in his favor.” She reluctantly nodded and hopped off the table to head into the washroom. She stopped at the door to show him she was pulling off her blouse.

Chapter 38

The guards opened the doors to the great hall allowing Lúta and Ben in. The queen was sitting with her husband and immediately plucked her plate off the table to join her friend  at the far end for some private conversation.  She gave both of them a hug before taking her seat, “I have missed you two so much, and thank you for last night, Ben. I know you did everything you could for the human.”
Lúta sat a basket of fresh bread down and took her seat next to her friend while Ben approached the seat by the king. Mâvis picked his chalice off the table and gestured to Ben before taking a sip off of it. “I was starting to wonder if you were coming.”
“Sorry, the two of us dragged our feet a bit getting ready. I brought us a game to play.” Ben motioned to a box in his hand.
“A game? Do I look like a cub?” Mâvis grumbled.
“I’m sorry, sir, this is not a game for children. Quite the opposite. Easy to learn but it takes years to master. It’s very good for keeping the mind sharp.” Ben smiled seeing the king sit up and take an interest in the box.
He opened it and started setting up the chess pieces on the cover of the box. “I picked it up from one of the other humans on the island. I had to fashion a few new pieces but it is complete. This is your king and queen, your knights, bishops, castles and these little ones are your pawns. “
Ben continued, “They all have a job on the board and can only move with limitations. I have all the same pieces and must move with the same limitations. The key is to learn those limitations and how to use them to your advantage against your opponent.”
Mâvis poured some ale into his chalice and offered the pitcher to Ben, “It looks interesting, Abbott. I will try it.” By the time they were finished with dinner Mâvis had a majority of the moves figured out and was now experimenting with strategy. 
Genevieve was packing up Jocelyn as she turned to Mâvis, “Are you coming to bed, love?” He simply growled and waived his hand at her as he focused on the next move he needed to make. “Fine then, husband, I expect you will come to bed at some point tonight.” She gestured to Lúta to follow her upstairs.
The guards closed the door as the women left. Ben sat marveling at how quickly Mâvis had taken to the game. His level of concentration was intriguing. While he waited for Mâvis to make his next move he topped off the king’s cup with a little more ale.
It wasn’t long after that Mâvis realized he was losing, and he brushed off the rest of the game in frustration as he picked up his drink. He watched as Ben packed up the board, carefully wrapping each piece for proper storage. Taking another sip he finally spoke, “What do you think about what Kevin said of my daughter?”
Ben stopped suddenly, he was now feeling nervous of the direction of the conversation. “Sir, I think my opinion was made clear of your relationship with her the night I cut the arrow from your back.”
“So you are telling me you are not the least bit curious as to how she got here?” Mâvis eyed him knowing any answer but yes would be a lie.
“I suppose the thought may have entered my mind on more than one occasion, but it’s not my place to question that.”
Mâvis grunted and averted his gaze for a moment, then he brought his attention back to Ben, “I found her.” He watched intently as Bens jaw went slack, then he continued, “Well Genie did anyway. I met my wife in the Canadian Passages. Her father was a general in a village beyond a vast mountain range. It took a long time for us to make it back here. But it was good for us because we became very close to one another on the way back. At some point we got too close to a human pathway and stumbled on a man and women fighting with each other.”
He paused again as if bothered by the memory, “I meant to save the woman, the man she was with beat her brutally, but Genevieve found a package with a cub inside it and screamed to me. In the commotion the humans made it back into their contraption and were gone before I could do anything else. The cub took to nursing on Genie right away. And we were both smitten with her before we fell asleep that night.”
Ben was completely awestruck both from the story and the fact that Mâvis was sharing it with him. “Genie was able to nurse the baby? That’s unusual, most women can’t do that unless they have had a baby, um, or a cub before.”
The king pressed his lips together as he ran his fingers around the rim of his chalice, “She was with cub before we met. It was born disfigured and her father put it to death. She was sold to Ormr and before they could marry I stole her in the night. It was not until Jocelyn came along that she was able to recover from the loss of her cub. It was because of Jocelyn she finally accepted me as her husband. As you say I am the best protection for her and Genevieve saw that too.”
Ben cleared his throat, “Wow, sir. That’s amazing.” He picked up his own drink for a long draw off it. “If I may say, you and Genevieve have done an excellent job with her. She is healthy, happy and beautiful. She couldn’t have found better parents.”
Mâvis smiled, “Back then she fit in the palm of my hand, all of her. The entire cub. Yet she had so much power over me. I would do anything for her.” He was practically purring into his cup as he took a last swig off it. “Well I better head up to my chambers before my wife sends a hunting party. Reagan will see you and Lúta home.”
Ben packed up the last of his game and headed down to the kitchen entry to wait for his wife. Reagan escorted her down and grabbed his spear before opening the door to let them out. 
They passed by the tavern on the way to their cottage where Mark and Kevin were just leaving. Mark nodded to Ben as he went by and Reagan grunted in disgust at Kevin, eyeing him as he followed the couple home.
As soon as they were out of earshot Kevin turned to Mark, “I hate that son of a bitch.”
Mark scowled and stormed off, “I’ve had enough trouble with him. I have nothing to say.”
Kevin snatched his arm back, “We won’t have peace here with that brown noser running around. He’s worse than the guards.”
“So, what do you want me to do about it? I have a family to take care of and it took me months to heal from my last fight with him.” Mark’s expression was clear as he shook off Kevin’s grip and proceeded home. 
“What if we don’t have to do anything? Let the doctor screw himself over?”
Mark stopped dead in his tracks and turned to see his friend catching up with him, “What the hell are you talking about?”
“You know how these creatures are when it comes to loyalty. What if we just let the king think Ben is trying to leave the village. He will kill Ben himself and we can live in peace.” His look was desperate.
Mark lowered his voice to avoid the guards and closed the distance between him and Kevin, “You’re nuts, if anyone finds out about this it’ll be you the king kills. Maybe me too if he thinks I had anything to do with it.” He was furious, “If you don’t like him don’t talk to him.”
“I like what little freedom I had before he came along. Now we have to look over our shoulders just to have a conversation.” 
Mark shook his head, “You’re on your own man. I’m fine with laying low, I like breathing.” With that he stormed off to go home.
The next day Kevin decided to test his theory, he went to the tavern alone. He talked with a few warriors and when Reagan made his nightly stop in Kevin brought him over a drink, “So is it true what I hear about doctor Abbott moving to King William’s island?”
Reagan stood up straight at the question, inflating his chest to show off his immense size. Kevin immediately backed off to put some distance between himself and the warrior. Reagan finished the drink he had been given in one gulp and slammed the mug on the counter. Then he took a single claw up to Kevin’s throat, “Now tell me where you heard such a thing.”
“It was some female gossip, sir. I did not realize it would be offensive I just meant to congratulate him. They said he was offered a handsome salary.” He was leaning away from the creature’s built-in weapon but looking down at it carefully as he did so.
Reagan relaxed his stance, “You need to tread lightly where female gossip is concerned. You play with a man’s life on words like that.”
Kevin gently swiped the claw from his neck, “I’m sorry I thought the doctor was a free man now. Is it a crime for him to leave?”
“That is not your concern, now is it? I suggest you take leave unless you want me to haul you before the king.” Reagan sneered as he shoved Kevin off the bar seat.
Kevin left the tavern feeling confident with the seed he had just planted.
The next day a merchant caravan made it to the square with supplies from King William’s village for trade. One of the merchants sought out Reagan and offered him a box. “This is for the Doctor, it is a package from our king. Will you see that he gets it?”
Reagan looked a little apprehensive about taking the package and the merchant got nervous, “If you do not know where he is I can take the time to track him down. I was hoping to save some time. I still have other goods to sell and have a list of stuff to track down for my wife.”
The guard accepted the package and brought it up to the king. He found Mâvis just wrapping up a land dispute and waited for the men he was with to leave the great room, “Sir, there was a package sent from King William.”
“Excellent,” Mâvis smiled and gestured to the table, “Bring it, I will see what is inside.”
Reagan cleared his throat, “It is for Abbott, sir.”
Mâvis drew a claw through the strap on the crate popping it off with ease, “Well, then what are you waiting for? Retrieve him.” He said as he started pawing through the contents.
“Yes, sir.” The guard left to fetch the doctor.
A few minutes later he found Lúta in their cottage preparing dinner. She answered the door looking hesitantly outside for a moment, “Is there something I can help you with Reagan?”
“Is your husband home? The king would like to see him.”
She rolled her eyes, “Honestly, Reagan, if you are here it is only to bring my husband to the king.” 
He barged his way in to see if Ben was home, “Do you mock my duty, woman? Is he here or not?”
She shook her head, “He is working, one of his clients was too sick to come the clinic, so he brought his medicine to him.”
“Where?”
She glared up at him defiantly, “The glass maker and you are to return him home the moment he is done with the king.”
“My orders do not come from you, Lúta.” With that he slammed the door closed behind him.
Reagan found Ben where Lúta said he would be. He was tending to an apprentice who had gotten careless with his work and burned a bit of hair and skin. Ben looked up from his treatment as the guard stormed in, “You are being summoned to the palace.”
Ben chuckled, “Alright, I’ll be finished in just a few minutes.”
“No, you will come now.”
Ben’s face immediately washed into worry, “Is something wrong, is someone ill?”
Reagan grabbed Ben’s arm, “No, you are to be seen by the king.”
Now realizing he wasn’t even going to have time to pack his medical bag he turned apologetically to the shop owner as Reagan hauled him to the door, “I’m sorry there will be no charge for this session. Please see that my bag is brought home for me.”
He thought he saw the shop keeper nod as they left, but it was all so hurried he couldn’t quite be sure. Ben snatched his arm back after being nearly dragged through the village. “Alright, Reagan! I’m coming willingly, no need to be so rough.”
The guard paused to growl at him and Ben passed by glaring back and rubbing his arm. Ben then picked up his pace to keep ahead of the aggravated beast.
 Ben found the king in the great hall going through the contents of a crate. Mâvis smiled at him the moment he walked in, “Ah, there you are. It seems our good friend King William has sent you a package.”
“Is that all? I was dragged here so abruptly I thought there might be something wrong.” Ben shot a glare to Reagan who was now at the door.
The guard cleared his throat, “Sir, I need to tell you something.” But before he could get his last words out Genevieve was strolling in with Jocelyn at her feet.
Mâvis responded after kissing his wife, “Is it of an urgent nature?”
Reagan thought on it as he watched Ben interact with the family, picking up Jocelyn for a hug and leaning over to accept a quick kiss on the cheek from the queen. The king was clearly in a chipper mood at seeing Abbott. Perhaps he was wrong on his assumptions. Perhaps Kevin was lying or heard wrong. Finally he replied, “No, sir. It is not.”
“Good, then you can allow us some privacy, I am sure.” The last words rolled off Mâvis’s tongue with a bit of a warning and Reagan quietly ducked out.
Ben smiled as he started examining the contents of the crate, “Wow, William put a lot into this. I’m impressed.” He held in one hand a bottle of cognac and in the other a couple bars of chocolate. The rest of the crate contained a bag of rice, a stethoscope, a pocket watch. Some canned fruits that had to have come from a human vessel or the spirit trader. The more he dug through the contents the more he marveled at what the container held.
“So what is all this?” Mâvis inquired. 
Ben reached in his pocket for his Swiss army knife and pulled out a can opener. He made quick work of a couple of the cans, smiling mischievously as he did so. “Why don’t we find out, sir?”
The first can he opened contained pineapple. He took out a ring of it and immediately offered the first piece to Jocelyn. She puckered viciously as she tasted the fruit, drawing matching scowls from both the king and the queen. Ben offered them both a slice before taking one for himself. 
Ben tried not to laugh too hard at the king’s expense as his face quickly matched his daughter’s. Genevieve was clearly enjoying the fruit as she plucked another out of the can that was offered to her. “That is a tropical fruit, it grows in warmer climates.”
The next can he tackled had peaches in it and Jocelyn loved those, wanting more immediately. 
The last can he tried had pears in it and Mâvis took it over being the only thing that he liked so far. Genevieve handed Ben a long rectangular bar and this one got the biggest smile from Ben. “This is chocolate, interesting that you would be drawn to it. It is said that women have a natural affliction for this and even enjoy it more than sex.”
That got a growl from the king. Ben laughed as he tore open the paper wrapper and pealed back the silver foil. He broke off a piece to offer it to the queen. “Don’t eat it quickly, let it melt in your mouth a bit. That’s the best way to enjoy it.”
Mâvis watched suspiciously as his wife tried to hide a giggle. Mâvis snapped a piece off the bar on the table, sniffed it and tested it briefly with his tongue before popping it into his mouth. He grunted and sneered a bit, “This one is not so good, it sticks to my tongue.”
“Really? I’m shocked, I have never met anyone that didn’t like chocolate. This food is so valued by humans that it is even thought to dull pain and affect mood. In some parts of the world there are wars going on over this very food.” Ben offered a piece to Jocelyn. After tasting it she put her peaches aside and snatched up the rest of the bar on the table.
Mâvis inquired. “A war, over something as simple as this? Are they starving?” 
“A bit, but those wars are a huge part of why they are starving. Cocoa is a major source of wealth for those places and their other resources are taken for granted or destroyed to make room for this sort of crop.” Next Ben cracked open the cognac, “Here try a splash of that in your tea.” 
Mâvis sniffed the liquor before taking a swig off the bottle. He then examined the bottle before replying, “I like this, very nice.”
“It is made from the same fruit as the wine you tasted at King William’s palace.” Ben poured some of the contents of the bottle into a mug for Genevieve, then some for himself. “There is another bottle in here, why don’t you and Genie take this one.”
He also left a couple more of the chocolate bars for the queen and the princess before packing up the rest of the crate, “I have to say I am incredibly impressed by the assortment of stuff he acquired. I wonder if he would take requests. Do you think I should make him something in return? None of this stuff was easy to come by.”
Mâvis tooled through the can of pears he was still working on, even drinking the juice left over, “I am sure he will be delighted to see what you come up with. Inquire on more of this one.” Mâvis shoved the empty can back to Ben. “Will you be joining us for dinner tonight?”
“I’m afraid my wife and I have plans already, I hope you’re not insulted. Perhaps we can come tomorrow?” Ben packed up the crate and moved to lift it. 
Mâvis took note of the size of the box, “Reagan can bring that back for you, send him in on your way out. We will expect you and your wife tomorrow.”
Ben nodded at the request and left. Seeing Reagan outside the door he commented cheerfully, “Looks like all is well after all, glad to see it was nothing truly urgent. Is it possible you could help me with the package?”
Reagan answered with a mild grunt and went into the great hall to retrieve it. Mâvis was in the middle of sealing the crate back up when the guard approached. “So, Reagan, what was it you needed me for?”
“It appears I may have been mistaken on the thought. All is well.” He picked up the crate to leave.
“And what thought would that be?” Mâvis crossed his arms over his chest as he waited for a reply, eyeing the guard suspiciously.
“There were murmurs in the tavern last night of Abbott taking position with King William. When this package arrived I assumed it was related to the story. I see now that it was nothing more than a story. I hope you are not as alarmed by it as I was.” 
“And who was the source of this story?”
“That is what bothers me about it. There was discussion all over the tavern last night, although the human named Kevin questioned me directly. I find this unusual as the humans are incredibly leery of me for the most part. They would be more likely to approach Thomas for inquiries related to the palace.”
Mâvis chewed at his lip for a second as he thought over the events of the evening. Abbott had not acted in the least bit peculiar, but then again he was well trained in how to behave in the presence of his former master. But he wouldn’t betray his king in that fashion. Abbott’s style was far more direct. Should he want to leave he certainly would start his negotiations here with his king.
 Deciding he would not feed these rumors with another thought he dismissed Reagan with a warning, “Should you hear any further discussion I wish to be notified. Story or not I will question your sources myself.” Reagan nodded and left to bring Ben his goods.
When Ben got home Lúta was waiting for him, her anger wearing heavy on her face, “Reagan was here looking for you. Why do you entertain the king still?”
“I told you already, he is the king. How am I to refuse him?”
“You are a free man now you have the right to refuse him. Ben you need to stop answering his calls.” 
He lowered his voice, “Reagan is on his way here can we discuss this later?”
The guard was already coming through the door however, “Where do you want this, human?” Ben pointed to the table and stood with his hand on his hips staring at his wife. She lowered her eyes realizing how careless she was being with her discussion. 
 Reagan responded to what he heard on his way in, “You do know if you refuse him he will just invite himself over. Just because you are master of your own title does not mean you are free of him. I have known Mâvis since he was a cub, he is not one you want to test when it comes to loyalty. Why do you think I came to work for him? He will be loyal to his people without fail.”
“I have no intention on refusing him, my wife is just nervous in his company at times. I am not, I enjoy his company. Honestly, since I moved out of the palace I rather miss him. He can be quite witty at times.” Ben paused as Lúta scoffed and stormed out of the room. “She loves Genie, I’m not sure why she’s so upset. But I’ll talk to her, I swear.” The guard nodded and left, feeling more comfortable after talking to Ben. 

Chapter 39

The next evening Ben packed up a few items for King William, including an old French story book he was offered by a client. Despite her protests he managed to convince Lúta to join him for dinner at the palace. 
They entered the great room with the items in hand and Ben offered them up to Mâvis, “I was thinking if you had anything going across the pond that I could throw them in your crate.”
Mâvis plucked up the book with odd writing on it, “I have nothing this time, what is this?”
“It is for the boy that washed up on shore. Some stories in his own language. He may find it reminds him of home, or at least is something familiar in a world where nothing is really familiar as of yet.” Ben tooled through his food, cutting into his meat. He took a sip off his tea and noticed that it tasted of cognac and looked into his mug. “That is good, sir. What do you think of it?”
“Not bad. Not as strong as what I am used to.” Mâvis was eyeing Ben intently as he ate. “Abbott, are you enjoying your cottage?”
Ben took immediate note of the odd question but didn’t skip a beat in eating his meal as he responded, “Of course, it’s very comfortable. We have everything we need there, including room for a family.” He smiled warmly hoping to crack through the king’s stiff gaze.
Mâvis saw nothing alarming in Ben’s reply but noticed Lúta freeze and lower her fork as soon as he asked the question, “And what about you, Lúta? Is your new home to your liking?”
Genevieve put her hand on Lúta’s signaling her not to answer, “Mâvis, of course they are happy, let them be. What kind of question is that anyway?”
“Just seeing if they are in need of anything, love.” He smirked sarcastically before addressing Ben again, “You do know if you are in need of anything you can come to me, do you not?”
Ben was now feeling significantly bothered by the direction of the conversation, “Of course I do and hope that you would do the same.” Ben took another bite of his food, chewing slower now as he tried to process what was going on. “Is there something bothering you, sir? You seem a bit on edge this evening.”
Mâvis straightened up and started on his own food as if it was just put in front of him, “Not at all Abbott, please enjoy your food.” But the king spent most of his meal now taking frequent mental notes of Lúta’s disposition. It wasn’t long before Ben noticed and the rest of dinner went along rather quietly. The king took one last look at both of them and stormed out of the room.
Ben wiped his mouth and placed his napkin on the table, “I suppose I should go talk to him.”
Lúta stood before Ben could even get up, “You will not, take me home. I want no more of this.”
Genevieve grabbed her friend’s hand, “Lúta, it is alright, stay. You know how Mâvis gets. Please do not leave me to finish my meal alone. You too Abbott, please just enjoy your dinner. I have missed you both so much. The palace is empty without you here.”
Ben paused for a moment, “I will not sleep tonight if I don’t figure out what is going on.”
As soon as Ben left Genie turned to Lúta, “There is rumor that Ben was offered a position with King William. Reagan heard discussion of it in the tavern the other night.”
Lúta looked shocked, “If he did, Ben told me nothing of it. However, I would support him completely if he did.” Lúta attempted to finish her meal now that she was alone with the queen.
“If it is true Mâvis would feel highly betrayed, it was his biggest fear in freeing Ben.” Genevieve reached for Lúta’s hand to get her attention, “Plus I would miss you terribly. Truly you are like a sister to me now. I am not even sure what I would do without you.”
“You know I love you and Jocelyn, but your husband is dangerous and controlling. We will never have peace here. It does not matter that Ben is no longer his slave. So long as we live here Ben will be in your husband’s shadow. I will not live that way. I will not let our cub live that way.” She covered her stomach as if to shield herself. 
Genie gasped at the realization of what Lúta was saying, “Are you pregnant?” Lúta nodded through her now teary eyes. Genevieve scooted closer and covered her friend’s stomach with her own hand, “I swear to you Ben is safe and he is free. The king is just in fear of losing his friend. I will talk to him and put this right. Please can we put all this talk of King William’s offer to rest? With everything else Mâvis has to deal with the last thing he wants to hear is that his friend is leaving.”
Lúta stood to leave, “That is just it though, if Ben was truly free it would not matter to Mâvis what he does. We are still prisoners here, maybe not in the palace anymore but tell me for even a moment could Ben take a step off this island? What would happen to him? What if anyone else wanted to take a step off the island? Would the king care?” Genevieve’s mouth hung open as she wasn’t even sure how to answer the question. Lúta wiped her eyes, “You know I am right, Genie.” With that she took her shawl and left.
A few hours later Ben went home to see if his wife was there. She was sitting at the table in full tears. He sat across from her and picked up both her hands, caressing her palms as he held them.  “What is it, dear? What is wrong?”
“I may have said too much at the palace, I am sorry.” She couldn’t even look at him, fearing that she had given Genevieve too much information of any plans Ben was making.
 Ben was now thinking that she was talking about the baby, he sought to comfort her, “Don’t worry about it. They would have found out sooner or later. I was hoping we could tell them together but I don’t mind that you let it slip a little early. You’re just excited.” 
Now Lúta looked confused, “So everything is alright then? Mâvis is not angry?”
“To tell you the truth I couldn’t find him, he wasn’t in his chambers and that palace has so many blasted rooms I’m not sure I would have found him if I looked all night.” Ben got up and poured himself a tea, topping it off with a little of the cognac. Then he grabbed a book off the shelf and went into the parlor, “Come, Lúta, let’s read. It will ease your mind.”

Chapter 40

Mâvis finished up his meeting with the village smith and headed to Beatrice’s to get measured for a new suit for the upcoming festival. He was exhausted by the night he spent in the courtyard training to relieve stress. Genevieve had tried to coax him to bed but he only stopped long enough to kiss her and waive her off, telling her he couldn’t sleep.
On his way home he passed by a few merchants who were in heavy discussion on whether or not visit Abbott. Out of curiosity he started perusing their carts in an effort to listen in. One of the merchants stopped talking to offer the king his attention, “Is there anything of interest, sir?”
Mâvis picked up a bag of dried berries and handed the merchant a couple well-crafted arrow tips as payment. “Your friend needs to see Abbott?”
“Yes, he wanted to get a visit in before the doctor leaves for his new home.”
“Well then, what is his hesitation?” Mâvis opened up the satchel of berries and poured a handful into his palm before popping a few in his mouth.
“We were not sure if he was leaving before the festival or after, would you know?
Mâvis rolled a couple more berries between his fingers eyeing the merchant as he spoke. All his mannerisms indicated he believed what he was saying to be true. “I may not be very accurate on his plans myself. Perhaps you can tell me who told you of these plans?”
“The human was discussing the plans himself at the tavern the other day. Then he ordered some extra supplies from myself and Bernard. I assumed it was for the trip.” 
The king offered the merchant another arrow tip, “If you hear anything else of his plans I wish to be informed immediately. I will cover your grain for the year on anything that you can prove to be correct.” 
 The merchant lit up at the offer, “Of course, sir, thank you.”
“What is your name merchant?” The king asked making exceptional mental note of what he looked like. 
“I am Ian.” He reached out to shake the king’s hand and Mâvis ignored the gesture, instead pouring the rest of the berries in his mouth and leaving.
Not even an hour later Lúta appeared at the same vender cart looking for a snack to satisfy her cravings. She picked up a couple of sweet buns and some eggs to bake with. She paid with a few bear steaks and turned to leave when the merchant stopped her. “Lúta, when are you and Abbott leaving for King William’s island?”
“I am sorry?” She paused looking around to see if any guards were nearby.
The merchant continued as he pointed to the cart next to his, “It is just that Bernard was planning on a visit and wanted to know when would be a good time to stop in.”
“We have no plans to leave that I know of. I do know my husband will be gone after the festival to collect some supplies he requested. He will be gone for the entire day so it might be wise to see him before then if it is something urgent.” With that she left.
Ian had long since packed up and left when Kevin stopped by Bernard’s cart looking for any new tools the tradesman specialized in. Seeing nothing of interest he turned to leave when Bernard stopped him. “Hey have you heard any news of when the doctor plans on leaving for King William’s?”
The question stopped Kevin dead in his tracks, his rumor was panning out well. Venders have nothing better to do all day than gossip with each other. If one wanted to start trouble this was the best place to do it. “I thought he was leaving with the next merchant caravan after the festival. But it could just be tavern talk.”
Bernard shook his head, “His wife says he is just making a supply run out to the beach.”
“Oh yeah, a supply run. Because if you are one of the king’s most valued employees you wouldn’t disguise your attempt to leave as something like a supply run.” Kevin’s comment got Bernard thinking. Now it makes sense as to why the king would pay so well for this information. He must not have given the human permission to leave. 
The vendor thanked Kevin before packing up his own cart for the night and heading to the palace. He waited patiently in the king’s office, smiling as he stood when Mâvis entered, offering his hand to the king. 
Mâvis ignored the offer, looking far less than amused by the vendor’s presence. “You are here with news of the doctor’s plans I take it?” Mâvis sat at his desk watching the vendor’s mannerisms carefully. He took note that Bernard’s movements were already shaky and indecisive. “So then, you must have heard of the generous reward I am offering for information on this?” 
The vendor rubbed the back of his neck as if to calm himself down, “Yes, I overheard your conversation with Ian. He had gone home already when this news came to me. I am only assuming the reward would stand. It is not my only motive in bringing you this information, sir. It just seems to me that you may not be fully aware of the doctor’s plans, I feel duty bound to share what I have heard.” The king’s stare grew more intense as he sat watching the vendor fidget and squirm in his chair.
At least some of what the man was saying was completely made up, he was far too restless to be telling the complete truth. Yet his manners did indicate he had some solid information. Mâvis’s patience was growing thin on trying to decide which part of the information mattered. He pulled out a voucher for grain and filled in the weight to be given and signed it. Then he let the document sit on his desk as he leaned back in his chair again watching the vendor with a vicious intensity. “So what is it you would like to tell me?”
Bernard swallowed hard on his words before speaking, “The doctor is planning on escape after the festival. He intends to take leave with King William’s caravan.”
Mâvis took immediate note that the man believed his story to be true, “Tell me, vendor, what is your source for this information?”
“I thought it to be rumor sir, until Lúta confirmed it herself just this afternoon.”
Bernard almost looked ready to jump from his skin as Mâvis snatched up the document from his desk and held it up to offer the vendor, “This should be more than enough to last you the rest of the year.” Bernard reached for the paper and Mâvis pulled back on it just before he could take it, “Let this come with a warning, however. Should what you have told me prove in anyway to be a lie, I will kill you. Are we clear on that?”
“Sir, I swear I have told you everything as I have heard it.” Bernard didn’t hesitate as he accepted the grain voucher and left. Mâvis sat back in his chair stewing on the fact that the vendor’s last words were solid in his belief.
Now he contemplated why. Why would Abbott do this when he had been given everything he needed and then some? Why would he betray his king, or his friend? But Mâvis knew the answer. Ben always said he served no one willingly, no one except for Lúta. Despite all he had done for the woman she despised her king and would do anything to get out from under his rule.
Still he could not break the nagging feeling that this was just not like Abbott. Sure he had secrets in the past, but nothing that would jeopardize their bond, or his own life. If nothing else there was one thing Ben had mastered since he arrived in this world and that was the art of self-preservation. The fool could talk his way out of practically anything at least until now, should this information prove to be true. Mâvis shoved himself off his chair and left to find his wife.

Chapter 41

The entire square was full for the festival. The bon fire lit up the night and torches flanked the patio and lysthus. Tables with food and ale were everywhere for villagers to take advantage of. The king casually leaned on the railing watching his daughter play at his feet with a few other village cubs. 
Beatrice and Genevieve made their way through the square to corner Lúta and talk about her pregnancy. Beatrice rubbed her friend’s belly, “When were you going to tell me?”
Lúta blushed as she covered her friend’s hand with her own. “I was hoping to keep it a secret a little while longer but clearly Genie has no ability to hold her tongue.” She gave the queen a playful scolding and then a hug.
The three of them strolled through the festival for a few hours talking about what the cub would look like and what Lúta would need for clothing and nursery items. 
Ben finally made his appearance in the square having been tied up with a couple of late appointments at his clinic. He budged his way past the women crowding out his wife to give her a kiss and then followed with a hug from Beatrice and the queen. He helped himself to a mug of ale and a few cookies before wandering over to the king. “This square cleans up nicely for a party doesn’t it?” He leaned on the railing next to Mâvis and offered him one of the cookies in his hand.
The king stood remarkably still, his steady controlled breathing a strong indicator to his mood as his blue eyes bored into Ben’s core. Mâvis was dangerously agitated as he broke his gaze on Ben and focused instead on the festival. Ben then offered one of the cookies to Jocelyn. She went to reach for it and as she did so Mâvis shoved Ben away from her and snatched her up, leaving the party.
Ben just stood there dumbfounded and hurt by what just happened. Suddenly the king no longer trusted him. This was beyond ordinary frustration or anger. His relationship with the king was lost. The one thing worse than being Mâvis’s friend was the one thing Ben feared the most, becoming his enemy. Just like when they met Ben was again in the position of watching his back. A position he had desperately tried to avoid at all costs. He left his mug on the railing and went home.
The next day the merchants from King William’s were packing up to leave. The boats would arrive soon if they hadn’t already. Ben got dressed and went up to the palace looking for a guard to escort him to the beach. He found Thomas outside the palace door. “Could I trouble for an escort to the beach? I am expecting a package for my wife and don’t wish to take my chances with William’s guards on my own.”
Thomas nodded and grabbed a spear from the courtyard. As they turned to leave Reagan passed by and Ben stopped him for a moment, “Could you inform Mâvis I need to go to the beach, should he need me today I will be back in time for dinner. I would like to join him if he will have me tonight.”
Reagan replied, “I will let him know. Will your wife be attending as well?”
“If I can help it, she has been a bit moody lately and so has Mâvis. Might be wiser to keep the two of them away from each other. That can only end with me caught in the middle.” Ben smiled at the guard who was now laughing. Then he turned to follow Thomas. 
A few hours later Reagan finally ran into the king on his way out of his office. “Sir, I need to inform you that Abbott has gone to the beach.”
The king stopped in his tracks, “Are you sure of that?”
“He told me so this morning.” Reagan paused for only a moment as Mâvis shoved past him with a grunt and Reagan called after him, “Sir, he also wanted me to tell you to expect him for dinner...” It was too late. The king was gone. 
Reagan struggled briefly with what just happened then realized where the king was going. “Damn it!” He immediately tore through the palace looking for more guards. If there was a chance to stop Mâvis he would need all the help he could get.
It was late day before Ben made it to the beach, Thomas was already there having gone ahead to help unload the boats. He stopped and pointed to a crate that had been take off earlier. Ben pulled out his pocket knife and started sorting through the tools that might work to pop the rough cut nails off the box so he could look inside. 
It had a few food items he had requested and the one item he wasn’t sure he could get, a crib. Man made with a commercial tag on it. “How on earth did he get this? It has to be from Young. But he got it too fast for it to be the spirit trader. How?”
Ben covered the box again and picked up a rock to secure the nails back into place. He turned to see if Thomas was done unloading the boats but what he saw was the king. The last time he saw that look in Mâvis’s eyes was the day they met. 
Thomas watched from the boat as the king closed in on Ben and dropped what he was doing to see what was going on. But before he could even make it out of the boat Mâvis belted Ben in the face sending him hard against the crate. Ben slid off the box and nearly sunk to his knees before Mâvis hauled him up and belted him again this time sending him into the sand.
Ben did not have time to even focus on what was happening before Mâvis had a hand on his throat, “After all I have done for you, this is how you repay me? I killed my friend in your NAME and saved your WIFE! I kept you safe from those who wish to USE you for your powers.” His grip on Ben was too tight for him to answer and his face was purple from the lack of oxygen. Both his hands were clutching at the king’s wrist and the only thing he could see was the rage in Mâvis’s eyes as his world started fading on him.
Mâvis let go and yanked him to his feet then shoving him backwards, “Come on, human, defend yourself! I know I trained you to, or do you not remember that gift as well?”
Thomas was now trying to intervene, putting himself between Ben and the king, “Sir, what is the trouble?”
It took mere seconds for the king to disarm the warrior and send him to the ground with Tom’s own spear in the sand a mere hair from his head, “You will NOT interfere!” Mâvis stepped over the guard, “I expect an answer, human!”
Ben backed up this time as the king approached him, “I’m not sure what this is about, sir,” His words were slurred from his swollen face. The king kicked his knee out from under him and belted him again sending him spinning into the sand. Ben landed face down and was ready to just give up, not wanting to stand again.
Mâvis rolled him onto his back and crouched down to look into Ben’s eyes, “I give you your freedom and you try to leave? Did you honestly think I would just let that happen?”
“Please, just kill me. The crib was for my-” He had to pause to get through the pain before he could finish, “The box, it is a crib for my baby. My cub. Please give it to Lúta.”
“What?” The king’s expression took a confusing turn. “What did you say?” Ben didn’t even get a chance to answer as Mâvis stormed over to the box Ben was working on moments ago. Mâvis wedged his claws under the lid and ripped the top off. It was full of medical supplies and a large cradle of some sort.
Thomas stood wiping sand from his fur, “He asked me to help him bring that home. I was unaware there was a problem with it.”
Reagan was now on the beach with several guards, he looked down at the mess Abbott was in. “Oh, human, I tried to make it out here but the king is too fast. I am sorry.” He was kneeling to pick Ben up as he addressed the king. “He was returning for dinner sir. He had requested to eat with your family this evening.” Reagan had a hard time looking at Mâvis as he spoke. Trying to hold back his own anger at the condition of Ben in the presence of the king.
“Why was I not informed of this sooner?” Mâvis stood with both his hands on his hips as he stared down at the mangled mess in Reagan’s arms. “Take him to the palace and send for his wife.”
It was dark by the time they all made it back to the castle. Ben was long passed out from the pain. Reagan set him down in a room across from the King’s chambers and sent the chambermaids up to clean and tend to him before heading out to find Lúta.
Mâvis waited in the great hall for Ben’s wife and he was deep in thought when she made an entrance with the queen by her side, “What did you do?” She crossed the floor in a fury and slapped Mâvis full on in the face, “What did you do to my husband you WOLF? If you ever touch him again I will kill you myself!”
The king clenched his jaw and closed his eyes as he heard the guards cross the floor to snatch her up, “Leave her.” 
Both the guards took her by the arms, “Sir, she struck you and threatened your life.”
He stood and leaned over the table, “Leave her or answer to me.” Then he turned to Lúta, “I have no answer for what I have done. Go to your husband, he needs you. If you have any requests they will be honored.”
“The only request I have is to let me take him from here. Let me take him as far from you as I can get him. You owe him, Mâvis!”
His ice blue eyes were now focused hard on her, “You KNOW that will NEVER happen! Go tend to your husband while I figure this out.” She stared defiantly back at him for a good minute before she stormed off leaving Genevieve alone with her husband.
His wife’s eyes were enraged, “How could you do this? He was your friend Mâvis!”
“I told you I have no friends, woman, now take leave.” He lost eye contact with her halfway through his words as he tried over and over to figure out how this lie got so far. She stood her ground waiting for an answer till Mâvis straightened up and started walking towards the door, “Fine then, I will take leave.”
She dashed ahead of him and grabbed his arm, he stopped, looking down at her with a rumble in his throat, “What do you want?”
She hissed back at him, “It was YOU who betrayed HIM, Mâvis. You WILL make it right, husband. I am weary of your foolish games. He is not a toy and you freed him. HONOR HIM!” With that she shoved past her husband and left.
The rest of the night the king got no sleep. He sat on the great hall balcony watching the village sleep and sipping his tea. When the sun rose the kitchen staff started setting the buffet for breakfast. One of the staff noticed him on the bench and invited him in. He simply answered in a growl. The woman meant to close the door to keep the cold out but before she could Jocelyn wandered out and tried to scramble up on the bench.
He smiled and reached out one of his massive hands to let her take hold, “Hello, love, at least I am still good in your eyes. Come, keep your father company.” She climbed onto his lap and curled up in the fetal position, laying on his chest and sucking on her thumb. He ran his claws through her hair then covered her with one of his hands to keep her warm. 
He sat enjoying the quiet time he had with Jocelyn, appreciating the peace she seemed to just carry with her wherever she went. Then a knock came from the balcony door again. Reagan was there, “Sir, a human wishes to see you, the one named Mark.”
“He can come back later, I am busy.” The king quickly brought his attention back to his cozy child. 
“He says he has information about Abbott, but he will only talk to you.”
Mâvis let out a deep breath and a low rumble, “I am weary of these games. Send him off.”
But before Reagan could even turn to escort Mark away the human was behind the guard yelling to the king, “It was Kevin, sir! Kevin started the rumor about the doctor!”
Reagan immediately turned and snatched Mark by the throat. “I told you to wait by the door!”
Mâvis was now coming off the balcony, “Release him.” The king quickly crossed the floor and pulled out a chair for Mark, then one for himself, “Come, human, tell me what you know.”
Mark shook Reagan’s grip off and the guard answered with a growl before leaving the two of them to talk. He took the seat offered to him and looked the king straight in the eye. “Kevin started the rumor about Abbott.”
“And how do you know this?” 
The king’s eyes were serious and had an air of danger to them making Mark feel uncomfortable. Despite the fact that Mâvis had broken his arm he had never had an actual discussion with the king before. “I-I heard what happened to the doctor from Thomas. I need to set it right. Abbott is a good man. Kevin asked me to help with his plan and I refused.”
 “What plan would this be?” Mâvis waited as he watched the human for any signs of dishonesty.   
“He said the doctor talks too much about what the human’s do and wanted to kill him. But he feared retaliation and came up with a plan to just have a rumor started. The rumor that Abbott was leaving for King William’s service. He figured loyalty would be a trigger for you and that you would kill Abbott yourself.”
“Tell me why you have not said anything until now?”
Mark swallowed hard at the thought he should have spoken up sooner, “I haven’t spoken to Kevin since then. I had no clue he had gone through with it. Please, I came forward to help. Please don’t hurt me, I have a family to take care of.”
The king was now more preoccupied with Jocelyn than Mark, offering not a care to how much the man was cowering in his chair, “You may go, send in Reagan on your way out.”
Mark left and the moment the door opened, Genevieve and Beatrice rushed in. The queen rounded the table picking up her daughter, “What was that about, Mâvis?”
“It is not your concern, love. Sit, enjoy your breakfast.” Mâvis stood and headed towards the door as Reagan came in, “Bring me the human named Kevin. I will be back shortly.”
Avarr joined the women for breakfast, sitting Jocelyn on his lap to offer her some of his eggs. As the meal wrapped up Kevin was shoved into the great hall. He looked around at the family eating at the table and was now very confused about why he was dragged so abruptly to the palace.
Genevieve stood and pulled out a chair to offer the man, “Come, sit I am sure Mâvis will be back soon. Would you like some tea or breakfast?”
He walked over to the table and sat casually, waiting to see what was going on. “Thank you, ma’am, don’t mind if I do.” He accepted the tea and a biscuit. They were in a pretty friendly discussion when Mâvis finally made his way back into the room.
The king was carrying his battle axe, “Oh good he is here. Reagan, clear the room.” Before anyone could move Mâvis snatched Kevin out of his chair, completely off the floor and slammed him on the table pinning him by his throat. 
Genevieve and Beatrice both stood with a shriek coming off of Genie. Avarr was still sitting at the table grinning as he covered Jocelyn’s eyes, “Having fun brother?”
Mâvis didn’t even look away from the human, “Not yet, Avarr, get the women out of here. You can come back and watch if you like.”
Avarr stood and handed Jocelyn to her mother. The queen pulled her daughter tightly to her chest, “Mâvis, what are you doing?”
“Not your concern Genie.” Mâvis said as Kevin squirmed under the king’s grip. Avarr ushered the women out of the room.
As soon as he heard the door close he loosened his grip a little, “Now tell me, was it you who started the stories of Abbott taking leave from my island?” Kevin tried to answer through the vice on his throat, but found all he could do was nod and he could barely do that. Mâvis squeezed again, “I nearly KILLED him for that!”
“You are going to die today, but I plan on taking my time with you.” Mâvis leaned the axe he had in his other hand on the table. He drew his claws through Kevin’s hair, raking off a thin layer of skin as he did it. “You will suffer for the pain you cause my family with your lies.” Mâvis released Kevin’s throat so he could enjoy the screams coming from the creature. 
Ben and Lúta were in the hallway and she was trying to help him down the stairs to the door when the sound of torture met Ben’s ears. He froze and looked at his wife, “What is that?”
“What difference does it make, I am taking you home. You will never come here again and as soon as you are better the queen is going to get us off this island.” Her voice cracked as she saw the look on his face, “Do not even think of it, Ben, you are not going in there.” 
The sounds from downstairs were bone-chilling and Ben immediately shoved off his wife, “I need to see what that is.” He was practically stumbling on his own pain as he made his way down the winding steps. He stopped just outside the great room where Reagan was standing with his arms crossed over his chest. 
The screams continued and Ben gestured to Reagan to move, “I need to get in there.”
“Not after what he did to you, the king wants answers. Go home with your wife.” Reagan looked down at him for another moment and then ignored the rest of Ben’s pleas. The human was far too weak to challenge him right now. Reagan stood confidently knowing the king can finish his work.
“It was the KING who did this to me, now let me in there. This madness is GOING to stop!” Ben was furious and it was something Reagan had never seen from the human before. 
Despite the fact that Lúta wanted to leave so badly the need to see her husband’s wishes honored overtook her. Now she got in Reagan’s face, “Let him in.” She shoved at the guard and he chuckled at her feeble attempt. She yanked the spear from behind him and aimed it at him. “You will move Reagan!”
“Woman, do you know who you test?” He growled.
The queen came down the stairs hearing the commotion, “Move Reagan, let him in there.”
“I am sorry, my queen, I am under strict order to let no one in.” Reagan returned to his stance and shoved the spear off, “You need to go home Lúta before you find yourself imprisoned.”
Genevieve picked up the spear now, “Really, Reagan, and what of me? Will you imprison me?” He immediately backed off not really sure how to handle the queen shoving a weapon in his face. The moment Ben had enough room to squeeze past, he pushed the door open and stumbled in.
Mâvis looked briefly to see who was disturbing him, “You need to go, Abbott, this is not your concern.”
“But it is my concern, sir, this is about me, is it not?”
Mâvis placed his hand back over Kevin’s neck squeezing off the sound again as Ben approached the table slowly, “This is about a treasonous, inferior and he will be dealt with as I see fit. Now go!”
“Only if you release him, please sir I beg you. Don’t end his life.”
“Abbott, he is the reason I, I hurt you.” The kings voice was somewhere between a growl and a sob at the sound of his own words, “He will pay for his lies the way you nearly did.” The sob was completely gone now and the king positioned himself to snap Kevin’s neck.
“My life for his!” Ben was leaning on the table opposite the king, his hand clutching Mâvis’s arm. 
“What did you say?” The king paused and looked warily at Ben.
“My life for his, sir. I wish to negotiate. Enslave me again and let him go. Please. I beg you.”
Mâvis sat in a chair beside the pitiful mess on the table still clutching his throat. He ran his other hand through his own hair as he struggled with the deal offered to him, “You cannot Abbott.”
“Why not? I do it willingly.”
“You own property. Women and slaves cannot own property, you are property. I would have to strip you of it and your wife is with cub.” Again he felt his rage building up as his lip peeled back. He sunk his claws into the back of Kevin’s neck and tightened his palm on the human’s throat.
“Then do it, I will never sleep again knowing I could have saved him and let him die. Do it, please, Mâvis.”
Lúta stood by the door her face covered in tears, “NO Ben, not that! Please, not that!”
It was like he couldn’t even hear his wife despite the pain he knew he was bringing her. “Sir, if enslaving me gives you the peace of mind you need to know I am not going anywhere then that is what I want. I won’t live my life just waiting for this to happen again. I have far more freedom under your rule. Please again, I beg you. Let him go.”
Mâvis shot Ben one last look before releasing Kevin, “Very well, it is done. Your life for his. You will both return in a week to sign your papers...and Abbott?”
“Yes, sir.” Ben was in near collapse at the table with the relief of seeing Kevin let go.
“Should this human ever cross me again it will be your duty to put him to death. Is that clear?” 
Ben swallowed hard at the thought that he just became the executioner for any human crimes. “Yes, sir. It is clear.”
Mâvis stood to leave, “Good.” He stopped at the door and addressed Lúta, “Welcome back, Lúta.” She answered with a slap in the face and he grabbed her arm before she could make contact, “Strike me again and I will resume his training.” With that he left Ben to clean up the mess on the table.
Lúta stood in the doorway shaking her head at her husband, “That human wanted you dead and you just gave away your life for him!” She stormed across the room taking a knife from the buffet, “I will kill him myself!”
Ben darted around the table pulling her into his arms and down to the floor as she cried, “I’m sorry, Lúta, I’m so sorry. I can’t help it, I swear. Forgive me, please?” 
She dropped the knife and hugged him for a few moments until she could control her rage. Then she shoved off him leaving him on his knees as he watched her walk out the door. She stopped only to give him one last look of pity and anger, “You are property of the palace now, slave. You asked for this, I did not. Stay away from me.” With that she shut the door behind her.

Chapter 42

Ben wobbled up the stairs on the crutch he had crudely fashioned for his leg. It was healing nicely but it was still too weak to hold his full weight. He entered the great room and found both the king and Avarr waiting for him along with Kevin who was seated between the two of them. He took his usual seat by Mâvis and looked over the documents handed to him. 
Avarr poured Ben a mug. He then spoke as he set the cup down, “How is your wife, Ben, still not talking to you?”
Ben took a sip of the tea and replied, “Nope. Not in the least.” Then he shuffled through the papers Mâvis had handed him, looking for where to sign.
Avarr pressed, “Well what do you expect, you are taking her house from her. My wife would kill me in my sleep if I did that.”
Mâvis laughed, “Beatrice would not wait until you are asleep for that.”
Ben went to sign the first document when he paused to reference Kevin, “Does he really need to be here for this? 
The king sucked on his fang tooth for a second, “Who are you to question your master, human? Sign your papers.” He was being sarcastic but Ben followed his instruction without further comment, wanting to get it over with.
Avarr now answered, “He is here in case you want to change your mind. You still can you know? It would make your wife very happy.”
A chipper rumble could be heard from the king, “Oh please, do change your mind, Abbott. I rather enjoyed my time with Kevin last week.” Mâvis grinned at the human who was covered in scratches and bruises from his claws. The now timid man dropped his eyes to the table, showing how much he feared the king. 
Abbott made his first signature with a loud scribble from the quill pen. He handed that paper to Mâvis and looked over the next document before signing away his home.
The next paper made Lúta property of the palace should he die for any reason. Ben struggled on the thought of signing that one knowing it would cause her pain. But feeling Mâvis’s tension rise he signed it quickly before moving on to the next.
Kevin reached for the teapot on the table trying to soothe his still sore throat. Mâvis and Avarr both snarled at him and he immediately backed off the tea and went back to staring at the table.
Ben finally got to the paper that took away his freedom. He didn’t read it, but instead sat looking at it long and hard almost as if he was looking through it. Looking through it to a past where he had been a surgeon who traveled the world with dreams of helping sick children in third world countries. Looking through it to the future he could have with Lúta if he could just bring himself to let this human die for the hell he has caused in Ben’s life. Looking through it to the life he will have to endure as a slave to an unpredictable and dangerous master.
Ben gave one last look to Mâvis, who was fighting a smile. Almost daring him to reconsider. Knowing that the moment he changed his mind Mâvis would torture the man at the table across from him. And now knowing for sure that he was never truly free from the king.
 Even if he changed his mind now it would just be a matter of time before Mâvis found some other way to control him. Some other way to eat away at his soul until he broke down and gave in. Ben dipped the quill one last time and signed his life over to his master. He dropped the quill to the table and silently looked at the king waiting his first instruction and praying it wouldn’t be to kill Kevin. 
Mâvis grinned, “Excellent, human.” He snatched up the last document and rolled it up to file in his archive. Then he pulled out another document and placed it in front of Kevin. “Your turn.”
Kevin picked up the paper and glanced over it, “What is this?”
The king replied, “Slaves cannot own property. Abbott’s cottage now belongs to me. But he is not leaving it. You will now pay his tenancy for the rest of your days.” Mâvis’s husky voice now turning a bit more gentle, “You do not have to sign it if you do not want to though.”
“I-I don’t?” Kevin asked the question but he was fearful of the answer.
“Of course not. I would love for my slave’s first order to be to kill you.” Mâvis was smiling ear to ear, while Avarr was now laughing quietly as he tried to hold it back and be serious. Kevin signed without hesitation and then stood to leave.
Avarr grabbed his shoulder and slammed him back into the chair. “We are not finished with you yet.”
Mâvis stood and motioned to Ben that it was time to go. Ben got up slowly and pointed to Kevin worried that he would be tortured again, “Sir, what is there left to do?”
The king shoved Ben towards the door, “Tell me, human, what is a whore?”
“It’s a woman who sells sex for money.”
Mâvis grunted, “Did he not call you my whore once?”
Ben paused again, “But, sir, that was in Russian. You do not speak Russian do you?”
“I do not, but I have an old client on the island that does. Kevin is going to pay for your first month of tenancy on his knees servicing the palace guard. You are to sit outside the door and collect the payment from each and every one of them.” Mâvis pushed Ben out of the great room door. Ben was in turmoil as he sat on the steps outside of it. He looked down the corridor at the dozen or so guards that had already lined up.
He could hear Avarr haul Kevin out of his chair and shove him to the floor, “I warned you not to test my brother, he has always had a sick sense of justice.” 
Ben dropped his head in his hands as the first of the guards entered the room and the door closed behind him. His stomach turning as the screams began again. 
When the torture was finally over Kevin was presented at the door looking nearly as bad as he did a week ago at the hands of the king. Ben stood unable to make direct eye contact with the man who nearly cost him his life. And had now cost him his freedom. “If you need medical attention you may go to my clinic, I’ll be along as soon as I have spoken to the king.”
The man wiped the blood from his nose and filth from his face to reply, “Fuck you!”
Ben didn’t even get to answer as Reagan belted Kevin across the back of the head. He then motioned to Thomas to bring the unconscious man home.
 “Was that really necessary?” Ben glared up at the guard.
Reagan answered smugly, “No, but it was fun.” He then pointed up the stairs, “The king will see you now.”
Ben shook his head and let out a sigh before he turned and climbed the stairs to the king’s chamber wing. Mâvis was on the balcony with a mug off tea looking out over his village. Ben limped over to the railing and laid his crutch on it before leaning on it himself, “Where is Genie?”
Mâvis didn’t even break his gaze from the view as he answered, “Our daughter’s room, she will not talk to me either. I guess I fair no better than you.” He swirled the contents of his mug before taking a drink of it.
“I am guessing you have all you require from me this evening?” Ben dropped his head down and closed his eyes, only listening for his answer as he breathed in the cold night air.
Mâvis finally looked over at Ben, “Tell me, human, had William ever made an offer to you would you have taken it?”
Ben brought his head up and looked back out over the village, pressing his lips together as if to bottle up his frustration. He let out his breath and struggled to choke back his pain, nearly chuckling as he finally answered, “I would never have taken an offer from him. He is more power hungry that Ormr and Freyr combined. Why would I put my wife at risk with someone like that?”
Mâvis crinkled his nose and shook his head, “William would never hurt a woman.”
Ben scoffed and looked at the king now, “No, then tell me why he killed that boy’s mother?”
“What?” Mâvis looked confused.
“He begged me to take him out of there, he said William’s guards killed her as he watched. He was scared of William, terrified of him. Why would I willingly work for someone like that?” His pain now evident in his voice. He straightened out a shook it off. “I can hate you with every fiber of my being, Mâvis, you would still never hurt a woman. You would never hurt my wife.”
The king grumbled, “I suppose I am a bit soft.” Ben rolled his eyes at Mâvis and the king answered with nothing but a toothy grin before taking one last swig off his tea, “Go home to your wife, human. That is if it is safe for you to do so.” 
Ben nodded and picked up his crutch, “Good night sir.”
A little while later he made it to the cottage, unlocking the door. He found Lúta curled up on the lounge reading one of their favorite stories. She looked at him coldly at first. But he sat down anyway, taking the book from her hands and putting his arm around her as he pulled her close and started reading it from the top of the page.
She wiped her tears and put her arm across his chest to pull him tight before asking, “How long do we have before we have to move out?”
He smiled and kissed her forehead, “We don’t have to move out. This is still our home.”
She immediately sat up and choked back her sob, “Really? Are you sure?”
He smiled and nodded before pulling her to him for a slow, loving kiss. Then he snuggled back down with her and finished reading their book.


Garrett – Book 2 Preview

Garrett wasn’t sure how many weeks had passed when the boat finally made it to shore. His mother was weak but she was still alive. She had given up on her own food rations over a week ago letting him eat instead. He scrambled out of the lifeboat at the sound of the waves lapping at the sand under the boat and he yanked at the rope and tried to tie it to a giant piece of driftwood. The moonlight lit the beach enough for him to see what he was doing, but the dark forest that surrounded the beach absorbed what little light was left over. He stumbled and slipped as he struggled to pull the rope and get the boat secured.
Finally, he realized he just wasn’t strong enough to make it the last few yards and collapsed to his knees crying out in frustration. Then out of nowhere, the line picked up and the boat dragged across the beach landing so far up on the sand that he no longer needed to tie it. He looked up to see who had yanked it ashore only to see a massive beast staring down at him. 
Garrett screamed and fell backwards as he tried scrambling to his feet. He made a dash for the boat as the humungous creature threw an arm around his waist and snatched him off the ground. The boy screamed to his mother to wake up, but she didn’t move as he beat at and bit at the arm that had him trapped. The creature issued some order in a language he determined to be English immediately due to the fact that many of his father’s servants spoke English. 
The beast never let go as it hauled him off and he watched helplessly as a couple more beast’s that looked like this one climbed into the boat. He screamed again as he watched one of them strike his mother, and then again. By the third strike, he knew she was dead as the creatures stepped out of the boat and another one of them lit it on fire. 
He screamed relentlessly and fought against the monster until he was tossed to the feet of an even larger beast. The two of them spoke for a few minutes and Garrett wasn’t even sure the two of them noticed him anymore. He quietly tried to scramble out from under their feet as they continued arguing and he made it into a bush, hiding as still as he could, hoping they would just go away. 
Not more than a second after he pulled his knees to his chest in order to make himself as small as possible, the bushes spilt open as the creature he was handed off to snatched him up and carried him off screaming again.
In the morning, Garrett woke to find himself in a room. He wasn’t even sure how he made it in there because he had no memory of falling asleep. The last thing he remembered was giant, hairy, bear like men killing his mother and hauling him off into the woods.  Now somehow he was in a room with a fire going and sheets covering him. There was a pile of pillows on the bed and a woman sitting at his feet humming softly. She looked just like the creatures that had killed his mother, but she was smaller and had long, wavy red hair that was pulled back into a bun on her head. Her face was covered in matching red fur, as were her arms and hands. She had a full set of claws on her hands even though her hands looked much like his.
She was folding some odd looking clothing as she hummed her tune and he just silently sat and watched her, too scared to make any noise and draw her attention from her task. She still noticed him anyway and immediately her lips and eyes broke into a bright smile revealing a set of fangs that scared him right under the covers.
She chuckled and peeled the sheet back biting her lip as she offered him a slice of apple bread, patiently waiting for him to take it. His hands shook uncontrollably as he accepted the morsel of food, so hungry he nearly choked scarfing it down. She reached for his hands to slow him down a bit and he scurried back against the headboard to dodge her touch. His breathing was in full panic mode as his eyes flew back and forth between her hands and her face, trying to assess what she was doing.
He watched in amazement as she wiped a couple tears from her own eyes and the action confused him enough to relax a bit. He wasn’t daring enough to touch her but seeing her emotion and sorrow brought a sense of safety to him enough so to accept a cup of water from her.
She watched him drink it slower than he had tried with the apple bread a moment ago, and she wiped a couple more tears from her eyes. She stood to put away the clothing she had gathered up for him to try on.  Garrett marveled at her old world style dress. It looked like something he had seen in museums and paintings, nothing he had ever seen a real person wear. The gown she wore swept the floor and cinched at the waist with a belt. The top of the outfit hung at her shoulders in the same place her bust line started and the fur took over the rest of her look. 
Seeing how far she made it across the room he dashed from the giant bed, falling immediately to the floor after realizing how tall the bed was. He scrambled to his feet and dashed to the giant wooden door, yanking at the metal latch for dear life and looking back over his shoulder as the woman was now crossing the room after him, shushing him as she did so, “Sh, sh, sh. You are safe. You are safe.” He didn’t understand a word she said but the door now opened from the other side and the monster that had dragged him here last night came in addressing her right away and then looking down at him. He backed up and screamed as the creature approached him. It was so tall and menacing looking with enormous hands and claws even larger than hers. This beast kept his black hair as short as his fur, to the point that Garrett could not tell where the fur stopped and the hair started. 
The beast addressed him, “Why don’t you come out and look around. You are safe, no harm will come to you.” Again, Garrett had no clue what the monster was saying, but he made a split second decision between standing there at the mercy of the creature that took him from his mother, and the female creature that had just fed him and offered him water. He ran to her hiding behind her and crying. He clung on for dear life and bellowed in French, “Don’t let him take me! Please don’t let him take me.”
His action sealed his place in the woman’s heart right away; he had run to her for protection. Again, she wiped her tears and addressed her husband, “He needs more time to get used to you, let me handle him for now.” 
The boy backed up to the wall now as the giant male beast crossed the room and kissed the woman he had just run to for protection. The monster looked down at him after and pointed to the woman as he spoke in English, “Mother,” Then he placed his hand on his own chest to reference himself, “Father.”
Garrett burst into tears, immediately. He knew what those words meant. The kids that he played with back home often used these words to address their parents. The monsters think they are his parents. The giant male looked back at the woman, shook his head in frustration, and turned to leave the room. She called to the male, stopping him in his tracks for a moment, “Go to Mâvis’s village, he owes you a favor. Bring back the doctor, he will know what to do.”  
As soon as he left, she turned back to Garrett and offered her open arms. He closed his eyes, fought his trembling, and fears to cross the room and accept the hug. Despite the fact that she was so different, right now she was the only one he could trust.
 Garrett spent the next couple days in the room too scared to come out. There were always two monsters outside the door, they wore heavy armor and carried giant spears. He was too scared to even pass between them. A couple times the giant one that kept calling himself ‘father’ came in and spoke to the one he called ‘mother’. He would then usher the two monsters that stood guard outside the door away. Mother would then open the door and try to coax him out. He clung tightly to her hand wanting to hide behind her skirts as she led him through the giant lodge to a huge, round room. There was a massive fire pit in the middle of the room, with a fire going in it, and tables with food on them. 
The woman let go of his hand and he looked around to be sure they were the only ones in the room before joining her at the table to try some of the food. He ate quickly but stayed on high alert, keeping watch on all the doors to stay prepared for who or what would come through them.
The first time he went into the room she ate alone with him, the second time the male monster joined them and he immediately hid behind the one he only knew as Mother. The minute the one who called himself father sat down Garrett peeled across the room to the door, yanking on it and pushing on it violently, praying for it to budge. When it didn’t move he slumped down to the floor, crying and pulled his knees to his chest waiting for the beast to finish eating. He never once took his eyes off the monster until he finished. 
The two creatures talked in English for a few minutes and then Mother got up and walked towards the door bringing a bowl with her. She crouched down and offered him the bowl, and then she put out her clawed hand to help him up so she could open the door, giving it a couple knocks until the guards opened it. She walked him down the hall to his room where he dashed in and shut the door.
A couple more days passed and for the first time since he had arrived in this horrible place the woman didn’t come in to see him. Garrett wondered where she was but he didn’t dare venture out looking for her. The day started to wear off into the evening hours and he was very hungry, but still was not brave enough to try the door. Finally, it opened Father came in, Garrett fled to the other side of the bed and crouched down behind it as the beast took a seat in nearly the same spot he was in only moments ago.
The creature waited there with his hand outstretched offering it to the boy, “I need you to come with me. We have a guest that wants to meet you. You will like him, he is human like you are.”
Garrett slowly stood up. He knew one of those words, human. He was ‘humain’; it was the same word in French. He rounded the bed and cautiously took the creature’s hand. The beast smiled warmly and nearly purred as he stood up and lead Garrett to the door. 
When the door opened, the boy saw the entire hallway bustling with the same kind of monsters. The most he had seen this far. He wanted so desperately to duck back into the bedroom but the one named Father held his hand firmly and at the same time caressed it. Garrett bit back his fear and allowed Father to walk him into the great hall. Where there was a huge party full of the creatures. Males and females were all dressed in the ancient clothing. The women wore gowns and men were dressed in either armor or tunics like the one he was wearing along with leather pants. However, they were also all covered in fur.
Father passed through the crowed effortlessly. Everyone just seemed to step aside without so much as a prompt from Father.  Then the one he was hoping to see was there in front of him. A tall dark haired human man, he was dressed in a brown animal skin jacket with a double breast, fur lining and the same loose leather pants as the rest of the creatures. He had a backpack slung over his shoulder and his dark eyes got big at the sight of the boy.
Garrett rushed from Father’s grasp and ran full on into the man giving him a hug and bursting into tears. “My parents are dead and I am trapped by these monsters, please can you take me home?” Garrett looked desperately into the man’s eyes hoping he would take him out of here.
To Garrett’s amazement, the man replied in French, “Well, these people want to help you, that’s why they brought me here. What happened to your parents?”
Before Garrett could answer the monster started talking again, and the man stood up to give his full attention. Garrett latched onto the man’s arm so fiercely that he had to look back down to calm him.
Father turned back down the hallway they had come from and the man gave his hand a gentle squeeze and pointed to where they were going. Back to his room; as soon as they were in there the man introduced himself as Doctor Abbott and told him that he lived on an island nearby. Garrett wiped his tears and allowed the doctor to check him out the same as his doctor at home had done all his life.
When they were finished with the exam the boy looked up at the beast and swallowed hard before informing Abbott, “They killed my mother, I saw them kill her. The monsters killed her.”
The man got quiet for a second and looked up at William then back at Garrett, replying in French, “Was it him? Did he kill your mother?” Garrett shook his head, but Abbott could tell that the boy was holding on to the fear that the king had something to do with it. The Doctor altered the translation before speaking to the beast, “He says he is still scared.”  
Abbott listened as the beast spoke then he turned back to Garrett, “He says he knows you are scared but that you have to learn to trust him because this is your home now. Your new mother’s name is Olivia and this man will be your father now, his name is William.” Abbott thought on it for a moment and added, “He is the king of this village and will see to it that you are safe and protected. No one here will hurt you if you are raised as his son.” 
Garrett panicked and immediately latched onto the doctor begging to be taken home. Abbott pried the child of his arm and gestured to the king to follow him out into the hallway where he continued their discussion in English.
A few minutes later, the king came back in and smiled while holding his hand open, “Father.” Was all he said. 
Garrett looked up into his coal black eyes and reached out with a shaky hand to accept the king’s. He took a deep breath and wiped his tears again before nodding and replying, “Father.”
A few minutes later he was back in the packed great hall clutching Olivia’s hand and hiding behind her skirt as she stood talking to a couple of other women and the biggest creature he had seen yet. The nearly white beast seemed miles high to the tiny boy, and he had piercing blue eyes. He casually held a gigantic axe over his shoulder as he stood smiling down at Garrett. The fear this monster brought sent Garrett deeper behind Olivia.
 Then something else appeared this time at his feet. It was a human girl. She was tiny and blonde with blue eyes. He bent down and picked her up almost unconvinced that he was even looking at her. She was not scared in the least bit despite the fact that anyone of these monsters could step on her without even noticing. 
She turned curiously to the giant light colored beast, “Papa. Is human papa.”
Garrett understood papa clearly, he was her father.  He looked at her and said something in French, “You called him papa. Is he your papa?” he pointed at the giant and the little girl now panicked that the stranger was talking to her. She squirmed and reached for the beast, as he leaned down to grab her Garrett nearly dropped her in a panic to let her go. 
The monster already had a firm grip on her though and she was quickly clutched to his chest and now scolded Garrett with her eyes. He ducked back behind Olivia as the blonde beast addressed her chuckling in English, “There is not much warrior in him, is there?” 
As night fell and the palace lodge settled down the queen walked him down the corridor to his room, she ushered the guards away from the door and brought Garrett in. He changed from his tunic and brushed his teeth with a grass straw the way he saw her do it. Then he climbed into bed. She tucked him in and got up to leave. Before she could reached the door he called to her, “Mother?”
She turned back to see him in full tears as he broke into a heartbreaking cry. She dashed across the room and he climbed into her arms sobbing uncontrollably, “Mother! Mother!” he said it repeatedly as the vision of his real mother being killed on the beach played repeatedly in his head. He clung to Olivia as if she could somehow save him from this nightmare.
Come morning she awoke in the bed with Garrett still clinging to her. Now she was sitting against the headboard while he lay on her lap after a long tortuous night of consoling. He was still asleep as she scooted out from under him and crept out of the room. She finally made it to her own chambers and started washing up as her husband climbed out of bed. “I was worried he would never let you go.” He said to her as she let her hair down to brush it.
“He is in pain, and scared. He has been through so much in such a short time. It is a pity you could not save his real mother. I just feel so bad for him.”  Olivia brushed through her mane of hair, as William got dressed.
He came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her as he looked at the two of them in the looking glass. She was so beautiful and so precious to him. They had tried so hard to have cubs of their own but both times she got pregnant the cubs died before birth and the second time nearly killed her. If it weren’t for the doctor, she would have died. He was through trying for more, as much as she wanted a cub the thought of losing her was too much for him the bear. 
When his guards found the boy on the beach, the only thought in his mind was that this was the answer to his problem. She could raise the boy as her own the same way his ally and friend King Mâvis was doing with his human daughter.
He ordered the guards to kill her even though he had spent his whole life protecting and sheltering Joutone women from unwanted marriages and abusive husbands. This one time he just had to do it. He had to kill that woman, he told himself that she wouldn’t have made it anyway. However, the truth was he didn’t even know.  All he knew was that he had a human cub, and for all intents and purposes, the cub was alive and healthy. But the boy had witnessed his mother’s execution despite the order to shield him from view. 
William disciplined the warrior that had allowed the boy to see but it wasn’t enough. Now the cub was crying day and night, the guilt weighed on him, even more so after last night as he wailed on and on. William’s thoughts came back to his wife as she twirled her hair back into a bun and pinned it in place, “Do you think we should consider sending him to be with her in spirit?”
Olivia froze on his words and spun around to look him in the eye, “You will swear to me right now that you will do no such thing.”
He was taken by complete shock at her reaction, “I am sorry Liv, it is just that he is so damaged I am worried he will never know peace.”
“No Bill, you are worried that it is you who will never know peace. I do not care if he cries too much I will defend him with my life if I must, but you will leave my cub alone!” It rolled off her tongue so easily she hadn’t even noticed it. However, he did.
“Your cub?” He stood looking into her eyes trying hard to fight his smile, “You called him your cub.”
She paused for a moment trying to run through what she had just said in her head, she realized she had said it. Olivia looked up at him in shear awe of the situation, “I have a cub. He is mine, he sought me out for protection. He stayed by my side all day yesterday. He wouldn’t let me leave last night because he needed me.” She wrapped her arms around William and pulled herself into his tight embrace as she cried. “He is mine Bill, he is mine.” William pulled her tight and swore in silence he would do whatever it took to win the boy’s love.

Coming soon!
Acknowledgements

I would like to dedicate this book to my family, who has put up with countless hours of me trying to get that last few lines in.

Also to Young Seo who is the only real character in the book. You’re an awesome friend and someday you will have your fishing shack on the lake (maybe with a wood stove and wolves to keep you company)

My Editors:
 
Janine Williams, 
Sheri Williams, 
Caroline Morse

My Illustrator:

Licarto Seven

Book Formatting done by:

Rachel Medhurst

For more information check out:

www.joutone.com


Copyright
Copyright © 2015 by Michelle Laverdure
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Published in 2015
