DOUBLE FATED
-Book One-
…the Double Fated Series

By Author:

C.K. Mullinax


Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Copyright © 2015 C.K. Mullinax
Smashwords Edition
…the Double Fated Series Book Number One
Discover other thrilling titles by C.K. Mullinax at
www.doublefated.com


To my good friend, Jennifer
Thank you for all the inspiration
You are a beautiful person inside and out


“Destiny gets what it wants…one way or another…”

-Part One-

I always knew the darkness existed – at least, intellectually speaking.  When I stumbled into it though, I wasn’t ready for the confrontation.  Sinister things lurk – evil hides – the wicked seek the shadows – those are commonsense expectations.  I never realized making simple, human assumptions could be dangerous and even, deadly.
It was both an aggravation and a relief when I finally found her.  My focus was fixed on my destination, up-ahead.  The speech I had rehearsed, numerous times on the drive over, had built into a verbal explosion.  My mind had already raced into the future, by the time the encounter happened.
My supernatural discovery was brought on by a random set of seemingly normal circumstances.  It was through mere chance that I was even located at that specific spot, at that particular second.  After all, this is not my type of entertainment.
Whether I should consider myself as being at the right place, at the right time or the wrong place, at the very worst time, would be something I would have to sort out later.
We collided and I gasped, reflexively.  The automatic apology was on the tip of my tongue.  But not surprisingly, it failed to be spoken.
Somehow, in that insignificant space in time, everything I thought I understood came crashing down around me.  My mind was grappling with an unknown reality.
I literally inhaled and the life I had always known, shattered into devastated ruins.  Then, I exhaled.  And, the fragments had pieced themselves back together without my assistance.  So, the mental shards were rearranged and completely unfamiliar.  I couldn’t make any alterations to them either.
I am permanently stuck in the here and now.  There is no way to escape from it – well, not while I’m still alive and kicking.
It should be impossible for everything to change in a solitary breath…but, that’s exactly how it happened.
A single breath in a lifetime…held two epic fates…
The one before the darkness was so casually revealed…
And, the frightening one that would come…during the inevitable, after…


-Part Two-

It begins…

Chapter One

Four weeks earlier…

Unexpectedly waking up, I jerked in fear.  The pile of books I had opened to study went crashing to the floor.  I must have dozed off for a few minutes.
The library is nearly deserted at 2:50 in the morning.  Most sane people hit the books long before now.  Sometimes I can reclaim my focus after a power nap, but that wouldn’t happen tonight.
The travel book of exotic destinations was still propped open.  The picture I selected was of Devil’s Bay located in Virgin Gorda.  I have been there, twice.  My first visit was with my g-mom, Elizabeth Stewart, when I was seven-years-old.
My g-mom, who raised me on her own, is the most adventurous person I know.  She likes to call my ‘K-12 school days’ our stationary years.  We did live in the same house in Western North Carolina and I went to the same school, all thirteen years.  Our lives were anything but stationary.
She sprang the Virgin Gorda trip on me in mid-January.  The weather had been bleak and snowy at home.  She was half-way through her shopping when her “weather mood” changed abruptly.  Demanding the return of summer, she was determined to track it down.
After signing me out of school, we went straight to the airport without luggage or any preparation.  I stored my coat and snow boots in an airport locker.  We arrived in Virgin Gorda with her purse and our passports.  We walked onto the island, barefooted like natives.  She cut off our jeans and sleeves…bought us each a bathing suit and a towel.  And, that was our whole wardrobe until we flew back home, three days later.  I have a picture of us covered in sand, blowing kisses to the sun.
The next time I visited Virgin Gorda was for my college sendoff.  It was also a quick, unplanned family trip over a loosely defined, long weekend.  But, our two-some family had grown, exponentially by that point.
The other picture taken of me and my family standing on this beach in Devil’s Bay is also hanging in my bedroom.  The angle of this generic travel photo is eerily similar to that one.
I can easily recall everyone’s facial expression…including my own.  We’re holding lit sparklers and the large banner in the background reads: “Congrats, our Little KK…college bound!  We’ll miss you too much…don’t go!!!!”
Ember was my best friend in high school.  We were inseparable and always closer than sisters.  Eventually, Ember and her entire family would “spiritually adopt” me and my g-mom into their family, through a sacred ritual.
The ritual Ember performed forged a permanent spiritual connection between all of us.  This joining ritual is the only one I have ever participated in or experienced.  Describing it is impossible…
So, the second time my feet touched that island sand, I had two sets of additional parents and my Grandma Edie (who is like another g-mom to me).  I have three big sisters – Ember, Willow and Fallon, along with three big brothers – Tray, Jaysen and Reid.
Technically speaking, I also have a little brother…Zander.  But, I call him my nephew and he refers to me as “Aunt Krista”.  This keeps our family’s “little ones” from getting confused.
The bond Zander and I share is so much more…complex…unfathomable…I don’t even know how to describe it to myself.  So, he and I stick with our nephew/aunt titles and keep our ponderings to ourselves.
I have one adorable niece and, counting Zander, I have four handsome nephews.  The five of them are considered “our kids”.  Our youngest members rule whatever roost they happen to be nesting in.  Although sad to admit, the kids command our every move.
Our entire family situation would be considered eccentric by anyone’s standards.  We are spiritually sealed – an adoption created by the Divine.  The Creator brought us together and made us into a family.  We are profoundly close to each other, in ways I cannot possibly understand.  Trying to define our family-connection is impossible too.
I miss each member from some depth in my heart that I never knew existed until we became a family.  There is an emptiness when we’re not together…
At 3:15 I was still mentally in Virgin Gorda.  Here lately, my mind vacations.  So, I decided to head back to my sorority and look at the real picture.  My family photo was the one I wanted to stare at, anyway.  Maybe, I’ll start carrying it with me.
That generic picture distracted me for twenty five minutes.  Who knows how long the real deal will captivate me?  I don’t currently have any available minutes to spare, daydreaming.  So, I really should leave the picture hanging on the wall.
During my first two years of college, I had easily managed a full-time honor’s schedule with a dual major, a part-time job, cheerleading, acting with the drama club and had led a fairly active social life.  I’m only a month into my junior year and my formerly manageable life is swerving towards a crash and burn.
Retrieving my iPhone from my pocket, I ran toward the parking lot.  I need to schedule a reminder, to set aside time, to find an actual late night study group.  Unfortunately, I only had a one minute block vacant during the day to perform a search.
Scrolling through my jam-packed calendar, I wonder how and when everything had become a priority.  Well, not everything…I neglected to schedule in a meal.  The solitary five minute snack break I have wedged in will be useless without readily available food.  A morning run and two hours of cheerleading practice this afternoon requires calories.
My alarm is set to go off in ninety minutes.  I can’t call Torry and cancel this late.  Resigned to schedule in a time for sleeping…soon…I made angry faces at my technological monster.  Its innocuous display is taunting me – 24 hours is not enough time to get my life accomplished.
“You are the enemy,” I announced to my iPhone like a mental patient.
I rushed through the all-night market, grabbing protein bars.  I also snagged a cart full of other healthy snacks.  Dropping nearly one hundred dollars, I made a mental note to never go grocery shopping when I’m starving.
The only available parking space near my sorority was two lots over.  Somehow I balanced four bags of food, a heavy backpack, a laptop and my purse.  Then, I started the slow trek to my front door.  
Campus security is always hawking reminders about how students should remain aware of their surroundings.  But, at this point, a weeklong kidnapping/hostage situation would be a welcomed vacation.
I felt a strange, pressing need to yell an invite for any would-be kidnapper to either take me away or at least, steal some of these heavy groceries.  He would wave a gun, make a few threats and I would say, “No need to bother convincing me.  I thank you, criminal-minded stranger, for saving me from myself.  Here, have an apple!”
Laughing at the absurdity, two bags teetered and fell.  I followed them, landing on the grass and just gave into the laughter.  I really need some sleep…
Then suddenly, I heard a loud pop and a sizzle.  Screaming, I covered my head, defensively thinking an armed gunman is about to take me up on my unspoken offer.  I apologized to the Creator for tempting Him before taking a peek at my surroundings.
Sitting in the dark shadows, I realized the streetlights overhead had simply blown out.  Okay, heaven…I get it.
Cosmic justice…sucks!
Sighing in relief, I collected my belongings in the dark.  I have fifty minutes left before my run.  The only thing on my mind was a thirty minute power nap when I noticed the movement out of the corner of my eye.
A small window in the maintenance shed was opening.  The girl emerged without bothering to look around.  Once she was safely outside, she tossed her backpack on the ground and used it as a makeshift chair.
Stuffing items into my bags, I ran into my house and tossed everything on my bed.  My napping plans were forgotten.  Investigating the mysterious girl and the equally mysterious happening going on in the maintenance shed takes priority.
Pulling on a black outfit, I grabbed a flashlight before slipping outside.  This reminds me of high school.  My best friend and sister, Ember would be stoked and ready for this nighttime adventure.
By the time I returned the girl was gone.  Crawling toward her ‘escape’ window, I took a swift peek around the corner – only darkness.  Still, I decided to wait my customary seven (my self-declared lucky number) minutes before going inside to look around.  After all, the girl might not have been chilling out, alone.
Sadly enough, I wasn’t even nervous about my impending trespass.  My g-mom is a real character.  She raised me by herself and had no qualms with breaking-and-entering, anywhere.  I don’t remember her setting any rules for me…well, besides the one about not showing off my pink-bodied, purple-eyed unicorn tattoo to anyone until I turned eighteen.
She and I got our matching ink on my eleventh birthday.  Her tattoo is still flawless, but mine now resembles a distorted Chinese sumo wrestler with four thin appendages and two splotchy purple bruises for eyes.  The pitiful guy seems to be wearing a pointy clown hat, too.  I refuse to have my tattoo removed or even get it covered.  I picked out the design and I’m very attached to it.  When I feel sad and alone, I look at my distorted unicorn in the mirror and smile.  My g-mom and I have always shared an unusually close connection.
All the sage advice she has given me through the years sticks with me…especially when I’m taking a risk going in someplace that I shouldn’t be at.
“Don’t get caught!  If someone in authority happens to notice your presence, act like you belong and/or politely speak in riddles.  If those things fail, twist your hair to keep your hands busy, smile sweetly and deny, deny, deny…” my g-mom had taught me when we waltzed into a rock star’s dressing room without an actual invitation.
She repeated our sacred mantra every time we took off on a new, outrageous exploit.  More than a few of our hedonistic excursions could have resulted in a not-so-cozy county hospitality suite (a.k.a. lock-up).  And, a couple of them could have easily started an international incident – one of those was narrowly avoided by well-timed tears from six-year-old me and my g-mom having a ‘private pep talk’ with two agents of the Moroccan government when we were visiting their country.
My g-mom promised to teach me how to conduct her legendary pep talk as a golden, mid-centurion gift.  In other words, when I turn 50 years-old she will share that secret with me.  I plan to take her up on that offer at my mid-centurion midnight because I will have been highly anticipating it for 37 years at that point.  Her legendary pep talks have gotten us out of the frying pan more times than I can count.
I miss her…and Ember…my niece and nephews…I miss every member in my unorthodox, adopted family.  My homesickness can be directly attributed to my active summer.  I stayed on campus instead of going home because I needed to choreograph five new cheerleading routines.  Our squad has been on a winning streak since I joined the team.  We compete in almost every competition and have snagged the national championship for the last two years.
Some of the credit for my inventive and unique routines goes to my sisters – Ember, Willow and Fallon.  But, most of the choreography credit goes to my Grandma Edie.  She is a gypsy matriarch.  Gypsies not only love to dance they use them to perform various rituals.  My grandma knows thousands’ of routines and taught me moves that I didn’t even know existed.  She had plenty of time to educate me too because we spent the estimated equivalent of six years together.
I stayed with Ember, in the Sacred Hallows, throughout her entire pregnancy with her twins – my niece, Haven and nephew, Luke.  We also remained until Willow gave birth to my nephew, Mikey.  Time is calendared differently in the Hallows than it is in earth’s realm.  Then, I jaunted around between various realms and the Hallows for a few years before I decided to enroll in college.
It’s odd to consider how I know people from other realms.  This fact doesn’t even faze me, anymore.  When people ask where my g-mom lives, I tell them she’s too busy travelling the planet to settle into one stationary living condition.  I just never actually reveal what planet she happens to be exploring.  She has a home here, one in the Ava’shay realm and a massive suite of rooms in the Rising Light House in the Tarrish realm, too.
When I discovered that there are other realms, I laughed about the absurd way space aliens are depicted.  If only earthlings knew how wrong their suppositions are, they would be falling over in hysterics with me.
All other-worldly travelers I have ever seen, regardless of what realm they hail from, look like all other human beings.  They don’t have green skin or oversized insect-like eyes.  None of them have long probing fingers attached directly to their brains either.  And, they don’t require spaceships to freely come and go.  They use various forms of spiritual travelling.
Once I discovered that aliens live among us, science fiction lost all its appeal.  My g-mom even had a memorial service to mourn the death of my childlike Sci-Fi innocence.  She cried for an entire day, when she realized there would be no going back.
Sorry Santa…sorry Easter Bunny…but, childish whimsy exited my life when I heard my typically formal speaking brother-in-law, Ava’shay Prince Jaysen Ivester, accidentally use the very earth-realm term “freakin’” in a proper sounding English sentence.  He was lucky Daddy-Jax and Momma-G weren’t around when he used it.  They are very opposed to careless use of the English language.  I have only slipped up once in front of them and got a thirty minute grammar lesson.
Jaysen is their biological son.  He was raised to speak in proper fluency no matter what language he might be using.  So, if he gets caught using slang terms, he gets so much worse than a lecture.
Seven minutes had finally elapsed.  I slipped inside the shed in stealth mode.  I had covered the lens of my flashlight with my shirt sleeve to help mute the light.  So, the shadows looked unreal and eerie.
I found tools, holiday ornaments and miscellaneous campus signs that were either outdated or damaged.  The very apparent lack of dust and dirt was my only abnormal finding.  This is the cleanest shed I have ever visited.
Nothing in here is worth stealing.  I don’t smell any type of smoke or alcohol.  I must be missing something.  People do not sneak into sheds without having a compelling reason.
I was prepared to continue my investigation into the (evidently) hidden, but fascinating world that is the campus tool shed.  No sooner had I jimmied opened a drawer, than my phone rang and I yelped.
Two scares in less than an hour…that has to be an omen.
“Hello…” I answered in a whisper.
“Where are you??” Torry demanded.
“Be right there…” I replied and hung up without answering her question.
My heart was lodged in my throat as I giggled and headed to the door.  The heavy duty bolt requires a key to unlock it.  I bet the mysterious girl who was in here earlier is a newly accepted sorority pledge procuring items for her House’s scavenger hunt.  Meaning there is no big mystery to be solved or discovered…that’s disappointing.
When I met Torry, she launched into her latest tale of boyfriend drama without questioning me further.  Normally, I can feign interest in young college student topics, even though I am 26 years old with the life experience of someone who is well over 80.  All those years I spent in the Hallows, the Tarrish realm and the Ava’shay realm prevented me from physically aging.  I look to be about 19.  My g-mom says one day I will appreciate my eternally youthful appearance.  But for now, it’s either mildly to moderately annoying, depending on the given circumstances.
At least, Torry isn’t drilling me for information on my recent break-up with Lyle.  Lyle Harring is what most girls would consider a real catch.  He has a promising future in the NFL…as evidenced by the legion of head-hunting scouts that stalk him.  His father is a Senator and his family comes from old-money.
When we first met, I thought he was very different from his family.  I was quite familiar with his snobby sister, Margaret…social queen, constantly looking down from her high, self-constructed entitled throne.  Lyle belongs to a fraternity with a reputation for hardcore partying.  Although I had never seen him get sloppy drunk, I had never taken him up on his invitations to join him at a frat party.  I do plenty of volunteer work for my sorority.  But, I even skip our house’s social mixers.  I have no interest in getting hooked on any chemical substance or partying.
I only joined a sorority because my g-mom had pledged back in the day.  She never lived in the Alpha House, but her legend still lives on in Alpha-infamy.
By the time I finally enrolled in college, all my high school acquaintances had either, already graduated or were married with kids.  So, I needed some built-in friends.  Pledging g-mom’s former sorority was taking the lazy way out – socially.  Building a network is time-consuming, though.  It requires serious effort to cultivate friendships with strangers.
During my freshman year, I acted like a teenager.  So my behavior would match my appearance.  But, the discrepancy between my life experience and my youthful appearance is expansive.  As the weeks wore on, I transformed into my sorority’s honorary big sister/therapist.
My break-up with Lyle had been received by my friends in an assortment of ways.  Some of the girls appear to be distraught when in fact, they are secretly ecstatic to discover he is available.  Others have genuine concern for me, fearing that I might attempt to hurt myself or quit school over the romantic tragedy.
I had broken off our long-term relationship because I wasn’t ready to engage in a ‘physical demonstration of our love’.  He had been pressuring me to sleep with him and I had no interest.  This was the same reason I had broken things off with every other guy I had dated in college.  Sex is a relationship tie that tangles into severe knots.
My g-mom is candid and vocally opinionated about every topic.  She gave me longwinded, and often comical, sermons about clothes, friends, food choices, how to talk my way out of a speeding ticket and virtually, everything else that I might encounter.  But surprisingly, she has never preached on the subject of premarital sex or offered any sermon to guide me.
I remember her saying, “Virginity is a rare and special present.  You can only give it once, but you’ll remember the exchange and the receiver for a lifetime.  So, make sure the recipient of that precious prize is “gift-worthy” because otherwise, the memory will stalk you instead of warming your heart and soul, like it should do…”
That was all she offered me after I told her about meeting my first legitimate boyfriend.   And, she has never mentioned sex to me, again…
A smile spread across my face.  It just now occurs to me that my g-mom had used a most effective, hit-and-quit parenting technique that day.  She imparted wisdom and left the subject alone.  Even though I believed I had been making a conscious decision based on my morals, I had simply been following her advice.  My rare and special present has yet to be given.  It will likely stay in my possession until I’m married.
My g-mom needs to share that sneaky strategy with Tray and Willow.  They are the parents of my fourteen-year-old nephew, Quinn.  Quinn is a good-looking, outgoing, precocious kid and the modern day, teenaged reincarnation of Casanova.  He is so charming it’s frightening to watch him operate…
Although I realize that it is normal for college girls to have sexual relationships, I rarely do what everyone else does.  My life has always been completely unconventional and I suspect it will stay that way.  I don’t know of any other way to live.
Lyle’s snobby sister, Margaret will be giddy when she hears about our break-up.  I assume his parents will be equally happy about the rift, too because my name has never appeared on the society page.  I would actually be mortified if it did make it to that section.
My picture and my name are splashed everywhere because of cheerleading and drama.  So, I am not exactly a low profile girl.  But, I have no desire to be associated with high-class, stuck-ups and their shallow pursuits.  The only friends Lyle and I have (or used to have) in common are the ones on the football team.  Most of the players have banished me to the deep freeze because of our break-up.  Evidently, there is some unwritten rule that the star football player and the cheerleader are required to remain couple-exclusive until the season is over.
The untimely (during season) demise of our relationship shattered their fragile illusions.  Lyle must have shared the truth with a few of his teammates.  They have closed ranks and been giving me the cold shoulder.  This bizarre tactic could be their ineffective, strategic way of forcing me back into girlfriend-compliance.  They collectively feel like I should be willing to proverbially, take one for the team.
Lyle is a first-string wide receiver with the nickname, Stick.  He earned this title because if he can place a single finger on the ball, it will stick to his hands.  He claims he’s lost his focus because we parted ways.  Apparently, the team is suffering and I’m the reason.  That’s what Coach Nullis blatantly announced when I walked by him one day last week.
Lyle was much more into our relationship than I was.  I never shared my lack of true heartfelt intimacy with him.  That realization should make me feel guilty.  But, in my own defense, I never saw a need to have a serious relationship discussion with a guy who unapologetically farts in public and gives his friends’ high-fives for his stellar toxic rating.
His frat boy, love ‘em and leave ‘em, reputation preceded him.  And, I didn’t think he would actually fall for…
“Are you even listening??” Torry inquired, interrupting my internal dialogue.
“I’m having trouble following…apparently, sleep and food are mandatory for appropriate brain functioning,” I responded, lightheartedly.
“You were thinking about Lyle, weren’t you??” she interpreted based on her assumptions.
“You caught me…sorry.”
“It’s gonna be okay.  You’ll find somebody else…” she offered the platitude.
“You’re right, but I need to force myself to wait.  Rebound relationships always end in disaster,” I explained.
She agreed a little too eagerly.  Torry is rooting for the chance to become Lyle’s next girlfriend.
Reading body language and facial expressions has always been my talents.  I spend an inordinate amount of time reading people and helping them if I can.  Once I figure out what another individual secretly needs/desires, I can’t seem to walk away until I help them.
In Torry’s case, she is considering how to get an introduction and a possible date with Lyle.  But, she doesn’t want to offend me in the process.  She doesn’t realize that I would be overjoyed for them if they started dating.  It would save me a tremendous headache.
Lyle is normally the party calling it quits.  I turned the table and ended things with him.  So, he was shocked and angry.  He has a long list of devastated girls he has left in his wake.  That means he wasn’t equipped to handle (what he perceived as) my unexpected decision.
Like my Alpha sisters and everyone else, Torry naturally assumes Lyle dumped me.  That fact doesn’t bother me…in fact, I couldn’t care less.  So, I am allowing everyone to mentally include me in Stick’s long list of devastated former girlfriends.
The three minutes I had scheduled for my morning shower was over, but I couldn’t seem to extract myself.  Ignoring the alarm on my digital monster, I mentally cancelled my primping appointment.  Yanking on sweats and pulling up my soaking wet hair, I rushed into my first class under cover of my hood and sunglasses.  Surprisingly, a few of my sorority sisters actually acknowledged my existence throughout the morning.  Although I had to decline, two of them even offered to buy me lunch and “catch up” (code for: we want the skinny on your shattered relationship).
Alpha sisters are always expected to: 1. Dress in fashionable, name-brands 2. Look like we just left a hair salon and 3. Wear make-up, outside always.  So, they could have just as easily shunned me as punishment for my breach of the sorority’s social obligations.
I had inadvertently stumbled on a loophole in the time-consuming contract.  Sorority girls get a free pass on following the stringent appearance rules when they are reeling from depression over losing a prime frat catch.  We are also provided with a myriad of excuses (given to us by our other sisters) for any social lags – hooray.  If I had known how much time I could have saved by ending my relationship with Lyle, I would have done it sooner.
The day rapidly progressed between classes, drama club activities, more classes, meeting with my academic advisor, cheerleading practice and working a four hour shift at the Java Den.  The three gallons of coffee I consumed did me no good, whatsoever.  Once again, I woke up in the library after 2 a.m. with a half-completed assignment taunting me.
Not bothering to look at the time, I gathered my items.  My grades are starting to slip from my nightly naps.  The only time I have to do my homework is in the wee hours of the morning.  The library is just too quiet.  I need to be surrounded by other, noisy students if I’m going to study this late.  So, I will skip my first class and use that time to find a legitimate study group.  I’m not prepared for that class, anyway.
Yawning and distracted, I pulled out my keys and walked toward my vehicle.  But, the lot was empty.  My car isn’t parked in its usual place!
Now alert and panicked, I scrutinized my surroundings for any criminal types as I breathlessly ran toward the nearest campus emergency phone.  The blue light started flashing the instant I picked up the receiver.
Then, something dawned on me…
“Your current location is Library Commons Parking Segment C.  Help is on the way!  What is your emergency?” he announced and inquired.
“I…um…my car…me…but not, anymore…I just forgot…no emergency…sorry…” I rambled, incoherently as my tongue tried to catch up with my foggy brain.
Becca had given me a ride to the library after practice.  My car is parked in front of our house.  She had even voiced her concern about how I planned to get back home because it’s too far to walk.  I assured her I would call a cab.  In my sleep deprived reverie, I had simply forgotten.
The campus police came screeching into the parking lot believing I was in trouble.  After explaining what happened, I apologized for creating a stir.  Then, I told the officers I would call for a ride.
They silently listened to my excuse, but didn’t acknowledge my desire to call for a ride.  The younger one opened the back door, gesturing for me to get in the cruiser.  The older one demanded my address and told me to buckle up.  On the ride home, he would launch into a lecture.
“My name is Officer Morst and this is Officer Plabel.  Miss…” he inquired.
“I’m Krista Stewart…” I told him.
“Miss Stewart, campus security is not intended to be used as a taxi service…” Officer Plabel informed me.
He must have missed my repeated offers to call for a ride.
“It’s imperative to stay alert, especially at night.  A small, unaccompanied young lady presents an attacker with a prime opportunity…” Officer Morst stated.
He continued his carefully worded, politically-correct speech about female students placing themselves in dangerous situations.  He wouldn’t be giving me this lecture if he knew that I could disable and disarm them both, in less than thirty seconds.  Stifling my laughter, I mumbled affirmations intermittently.
My big brothers, Tray, Jaysen and Reid are fighters.  They battle each other in the Ava’shay Prowess Arena.  I honestly don’t know the reason behind their altercations.  And, I’ve never thought to ask them either.  I suppose I have always assumed the Prowess Arena battles are the Ava’shay equivalent to the UFC.  But, no matter what reason they have for engaging in their matches, they excel in the violent art of fighting.
When I announced my intention to leave home and go to college, Tray tried to persuade me to attend school in the Ava’shay or Tarrish realm.  I politely deflected and avoided those two suggestions.  At the time, I was longing to experience some earth-type, adult freedom.  So, he asked our R-daddy to intervene and try to convince me.
My R-daddy is a powerful shaman and the ruler of the Vaydem people.  He did his best.  He offered to get me enrolled in the prestigious Vaydem University of Higher Academia and Spiritual Enlightenment.  It is the most secure college in earth’s realm.
I gave his suggestion some serious (albeit brief) consideration.  VU offers better than Ivy League education.  I would have to live on campus – therefore, away from home.  Every tenured professor has multiple doctorate degrees in at least, three different disciplines.
But, Vaydem-lineaged students are spiritually gifted.  They have abilities to offer when they graduate in addition, to their academic degrees.  They learn how to “channel” and perform sacred rituals while they study for their chosen profession.
Except for g-mom, my family members are spiritually gifted and can channel various things.  My sister, Ember explained how channeling works.  She said it’s similar to casting magic spells.
She had demonstrated a couple of channels, by using them on me.  The effects were a mind-boggling thrill.  But, the only magic tricks I can learn to perform are the ones that can be found at any local Toys-R-Us.  So at VU, I would stick out like a double-edged razor in a room filled with overinflated balloons.
I politely and appreciatively declined my R-daddy’s most generous offer because I am merely human, with no spiritual giftings.  I enrolled in State to be with members of my own (otherwise talented) human species.  It’s a large, diverse, public institution.
All my brothers would be considered protective.  But, Tray especially, is overly everything when it comes to safety and security.  Although biologically-speaking Tray is Ember’s brother, he and his wife, Willow adopted her.  I always knew Tray was Ember’s dad, even before the legal formality proclaimed it.  He was (and still is) the most protective parent I have ever encountered.
Officer Morst moved on to ways to avoid appearing vulnerable to a rapist.  His fatherly underlying panic-driven speech makes me really miss my family…
Once Tray realized that I was recklessly going off to some unsafe, totally unsecured earth-realm college (his words), he asked me to take Self-Defense 101 – big-brother-style.  Although he didn’t plan to use any spiritual gift to convince me to learn those skills, I knew he would relentlessly pester me until I surrendered.  So, I agreed without protest and accepted their instructions.
It was fun.  The three of them each selected one song and taught me their unique brand of fighting.  All was going well up to that point.  Then, the topic of disarming an attacker with a loaded gun cropped up and my training stalled.
The testosterone-laden paranoia became a living being in that training session.  Thoughts of gun-toting maniacs, skulking around my campus, stirred all three of them into an internal frenzy.
My brothers each took a fresh and creative stab at convincing me to alter my college plans and remain at home, indefinitely.  Jaysen even offered to hire the entire Princeton faculty to homeschool me.  I’m still not sure whether that was meant as a true offer or a fanciful/outlandish suggestion.  In either case, their efforts were unsuccessful.  I was ready to spread my wings and fly away.  So, with no real way to dissuade me, they schooled and skilled me in 163 different ways to eliminate an enemy target(s) – whichever the case might be.
“You must avow to remain wary of those surrounding you, and every object in the environment, at all times…” Reid strictly requested at the conclusion of my training.
I solemnly avowed as I muffled a snicker.
“Krista, an enemy can use your perceived comfort level to draw you close and strike without warning.  Therefore, it is imperative for you to always remain mindfully cautious while in the company of friends and acquaintances outside of your home setting.  Might I receive your sworn word on this?” Jaysen questioned me in his typical formal tone.
I swore to be mindfully suspicious of even the friendliest, friendly.  And, I stated it in the snobbiest language I could muster.
“Now, I want you to promise me that you’ll use what we taught you, without showing mercy or the slightest hesitation.  Don’t let anyone play on your sympathies and get the jump on you.  This goes double for any friggin’ familiar sucker that tries to get too close when you’re not ready (Tray-speak for any guy that makes a forward romantic move contrary to my desire).
“Promise me Krista, ‘cuz I still enjoy sleeping on a few, rare occasions…” Tray pleaded with me.
“I promise…I will come to be known and feared as “Cold and Calculating, Krista” to all would-be attackers who might size me up.  And, I will be dubbed as “Frigid Ice Queen, Krista” to any male who shows the slightest romantic interest.  I’ll even announce that it takes me, at least, four years to thaw for a kiss.  Any guy that’s willin’ to spin his wheels for that long deserves something – right, brothers of mine?” I comically replied.
“A four year reward will certainly be in order…” Reid surprisingly agreed.
“At that time, we will be delighted to give him that “something” too…” Jaysen concurred.
“Yeah, we’ll plan a bro-type celebration and give him his props.  Won’t be much rubber left in those tires of his by the time you turn 60…” Tray responded, stating the last sentence under his breath and I burst out laughing.
“I’m actually relieved to hear you say that!  The last time we discussed this, the Tray-approved dating age was 70…”
Even with my numerous achievements as a lethal self-defending 115 pound weapon, my brothers took turns shadowing me around through my freshman college semester.  They still believe I never saw them watching me…I love my brothers…I miss my family.
We arrived at my sorority, but the lecture wasn’t over.  The officer illegally double-parked (ironically enough) behind my car and turned off his lights.
I was sitting quietly when I noticed the shed’s window being opened.  Officer Morst must have caught a glimpse of it too because he turned towards the movement.
“I’m sorry, Officer Morst, right??  What did you say??  Was it pepper spray is more effective or did you say something about screaming and making noise?  I need a pamphlet or spray or training…” I urgently declared with a death-grip on his shoulder.
The unknown student wasn’t paying attention to her surroundings.  The other officer automatically turned to see what his superior was looking at.  I grabbed the younger officer’s shoulder with the other hand and my items landed in the floorboard.
“Lemme assure you both, right here and right now, I would never use security as my taxi.  This backseat isn’t exactly what I’d call spacious.  Wait, I think it rolled up front…please, we’ve gotta find it…
“See fellows, I just don’t know how much more I can take!  First, Stick crushes my dreams and now, it rolled into your front seat floorboards and I can’t get to it…” I frantically spoke in riddles.
The officers had no idea what “it” was, but they started the search anyway.  They offered a few awkward and comforting words to calm me down.
The student walked away unaware of how close she came to being cold busted.  I need to find out what item she is scavenging for in that shed.  I will place it in plain sight for her.
The girl is breaking g-mom’s rule on uninvited visitations to unauthorized places which is…never stopover at the same place, twice.  Breaking and entering at the same place more than once is a surefire recipe for receiving unwelcomed company…
“Oh sorry, I just found it!  Would you like to come inside?  I can make us some coffee and we can continue our chat about mean frat guys…” I eagerly offered, as I opened my door to get out.
Not so surprisingly, their lecture was over.  Neither one accepted my invitation to come inside, but Officer Plabel escorted me to the door.
“Thanks for everything.  Are you sure you don’t want to come in?” I repeated my invitation.
“No ma’am!” he responded too swiftly.
“Okay, goodnight…” I said with a wave and wicked little smile.

Chapter Two

The only late study group I found, that meets each week night, is located at a Hookah lounge.  Although I dislike the idea of studying in a smoke-filled environment, I more dislike the idea of failing and repeating classes.
When I entered the lounge at 10:30 p.m. on a Tuesday night, I was astonished by the number of students.  They were equally divided between tables and comfy-looking couches.  Most were hitting the Hookah, but some were hitting the books.  The lounge was buzzing with voices and filled with various aromas.  One of those familiar smells could land us, collectively in a jail cell.
Fortunately, I just turned in my two-week notice at work.  Otherwise, I would have been worried about failing their random drug screen.  My manager was frustrated by my unanticipated announcement.  The guilt trip she sent me on was lengthy.  I would have packed a bag if I had known it was going to be an hour long misadventure.
Quitting was actually a spontaneous decision.  I used to enjoy having extra money for frivolous items, concerts, movies, etc.  But, sleeping has become a coveted luxury in my otherwise, insane life.  Fun and fun-money slid off the priority scale when it hit me that I could re-acquire 20-30 hours of my week by resigning.
The late night study group was more diverse than I expected.  So, I mentally mapped my first night area.  My g-mom believes in working a crowd.  Even though she knew how vast my social circle was in high school, she was concerned because I had (in her perception, at least) limited myself to the familiar.  In her view, familiarity breeds contempt only because those who remain stationary lose touch with their many other fascinating options.
Her words echoed through my mind and I finally broke down.  Texting her with a secured message, I said, “I love you…” in English, Ava’shay, Tarrish and Vaydem.
The Ava’shay Command’s Communication’s Post sent me back a reply.
Miss Elizabeth is on an ‘outing’ with Reigning High Lady Arroway-Quinton.  Ranging is spotty in their locale.  Your message will be forwarded, posthaste and delivered at the first available opportunity.  May I be of any further assistance?
 Smiling at my phone, my g-mom and Grandma Edie are off on an adventure.  I responded with…please forward a copy of this message to my Grandma Edie, too.  Then, I typed in…Thankies Command, keep it real until next we text.
I hit send and laughed, hysterically.  The smoke is already starting to takeover…
Much to my g-mom’s chagrin (if she were here and knew about my selection, that is), I landed at a table of football jocks.  They were all high as kites and on the team’s third string.  So, my break-up with Stick didn’t even register.
Somehow, I managed to finish my assignment and socialize with them, simultaneously.  We discussed upcoming games – which cheerleaders on my squad are worth scoring down (whatever that means) and which professors blow.  There is some type of blow-down scoring system for the professors too, but how the players’ rate them got lost in translation.
When 2 a.m. rolled around, I had actually accomplished something.  I was also awake to appreciate my conquest.
The next night my football players had swelled to ten members.  They called me over and I did socialize with them for a bit.  But soon, I started scouting for a new set of study buddies.  My g-mom has an uncanny ability to discover what I’m up to, even when she is out of cell range.  Fearing the accompanying sermon, I wandered over to a large circular couch.
“Hi, mind if I join?” I asked.
“All are welcome…” the glassy-eyed female replied.
“Here…” the guy sitting beside her offered me his pipe.
“Thanks…maybe, later…” I told him and he shrugged in disinterest.
 I would eventually secure everyone’s name around the cushion.  One girl, who introduced herself as Audrey, seemed familiar.  A long, but casual investigation revealed no common interests.  She had never even heard of the Java Den.
Once again, I mingled, stayed alert and made it to the last chapter of my book.  Within three days, I had met all the regulars.  The hodgepodge collection of students included honors students, jocks, young mainstream Americans and burn-outs.  We all happily co-exist in this unique environment.
The team’s first away game was played on Saturday evening.  Oddly enough, I was longing to see my lounge of fun-loving misfit study buddies while I was cheering.  Between missing my family and being out of my new late night routine, I was already struggling.  Then, Lyle hunted me down like a predator after the first quarter and half-asked/half-bullied me into riding back to campus with him.  Wishing I had driven my own car instead of catching a ride, I hesitantly accepted his offer.  Maybe, he will be more understanding of my decision if I explain the reasons for ending it.
Cheering in the fourth quarter of our winning game, the butterflies in my stomach seemed to be offering a warning.  I was considering how to get out of riding home with Lyle when the perfect excuses found me.
“I’m not sure how I feel about a little slip of a boy catching my beautiful and only Bunny Baby…”
She had slipped up behind me…as usual.  I closed my eyes, fighting back the tears.
“Lizzy, you and I have differing opinions on what constitutes a ‘little slip’.  That young fellow must weigh two hundred and…”
“Edie, that boy would have to be the size of a baby elephant before I’d willingly trust him to be used as Krista’s landing gear.  She had to be three stories up when they tossed her higher…”
Smiling widely, I listened to my g-mom and Grandma Edie banter about the dangerous stunt I just completed.
I planned to reveal that I had been secretly fattening up, Jarron (my spotter), so he could gain his baby elephant status.  But, my emotions overwhelmed me when I saw them.  Gathering them both in a death-grip, I started sobbing.
“Sshhh…no need to be troubled over your spotter’s safety.  We haven’t been hunting baby elephants for sport in quite a while,” Grandma Edie declared, humorously in between her kisses.  “Now, now, sweetie girl…you’re smearing.”
“See Edie, I told you this would happen if we didn’t wait to see her until the time stopped ticking!” my g-mom exclaimed, attempting to shift the blame.
“That’s an interesting accusation.  I seem to remember it happening the other way around – as in me, trying to convince you that we should wait until that skinny boy tossed his toy ball or gave it away for the last time before we rushed to the painted grass.  So, impatient…that’s what you are.
“And, aren’t you the one that grabbed “grumpy old striped shirt man” from behind and told him to blow his dinky whistle??  We had a better shot of convincing him to end this game early, if we knew the team’s animals.  We could’ve said, blow that dinky whistle and announce the Bengal Bobcats the losers.  How can Striped Shirt take us seriously, when you demand that he declare the “Purple Pajama Boys” the winner??” Grandma Edie questioned.
“Well, Purple Pajama Boys is more ladylike than what you were going to call them…” my g-mom responded.
I realize they are using a comical distraction in an effort to calm me down – and, it’s working.  My squad looked on with a mixture of humor and astonishment.  There is no explaining away the actions of my g-mom and Grandma Edie.  So, I (and every other cheerleader on the team) ended up winded as we succumbed to the hysterics.
Grumpy old Striped Shirt did not comply and end the game as they ordered.  How he survived that denial is beyond me.  The referee, named Pete, did courageously approach my g-mom after it was over and ask her for her number.
“I’m only willing to part with it, if you are willing to admit the Blue Pajama Boys never had a chance…” she told him.
“I’m only allowed to call the plays I see when I’m reffing…” he replied, red-faced.
“Well, perhaps you can explain why you blow your whistle and make a loud fussing announcement to the crowd when those young fellows do something you don’t like.  One corrective measure should be sufficient.
“Oh, and speaking of fussing and seeing, I’d love to hear how all you “Reffings” can see the tiniest movements those boys make that you don’t approve of, but not a one of you can seem to tell time or do simple math…even with that great, big countdown timer and an extremely lopsided, illuminated scorecard…” she told him while she wrote her digits on the palm of his hand.
My g-mom loves attending live sporting events (and meeting players in filled locker rooms), but she had never taken an interest in learning anything about the actual sports.  I offered to fill her in on the general rules of football when I started cheerleading.
She responded with, “No need, Bunny Baby.  It’s not necessary to being a spectator.”
Knowing her, she will accept Pete’s date and will never discover that he is called a “referee” and not a “Reffing”.  I bet the word ‘football’ will never be uttered either.
I asked g-mom and grandma to wait with my squad while I quickly searched for Lyle.  He was soaked in Gatorade by the time I discovered his whereabouts.  A glance over my shoulder revealed my team, eyes wide and mouths covered.  I need to hurry before they get scarred for life…
“Sorry, my family decided to pay me a surprise visit.  Can we go out for coffee, tomorrow?” I apologized and asked.
“Depends…can you fit me in??” he questioned, sarcastically.
“I’ll work it out…let’s say 3ish…at the Den.  Oh, great game…congrats on the win!” I offered without waiting for him to answer.
I scheduled it in my calendar before we went out for a late night dinner.  They kept me in stitches and I caught them up on my life.
“When was the last time you ate?” my g-mom inquired.
“Earlier today…”
“When was the last time you ate a meal?” Grandma Edie asked the more specific and dreaded question.
“Can I count this one??” I responded, deflecting.
“So, we have our answer…” Grandma Edie perceptively stated.
“My schedule has taken over, lately.  But, you’ll both be pleased to know I turned in my notice at the Den.  And, I dropped one of my majors to a minor.  See, I’m getting it back together…” I told them.
Even though I wanted to put down my fork to help further relieve their anxiety, I couldn’t get my growling stomach to cooperate.  Inhaling food like eating was going out of style, I made a mental note that a handful of Goldfish crackers does not a meal, make.
“When I finish, can we go dancing…drinking…wherever?” I questioned in between bites.
I had a few reasons for making my unexpected request.  I wanted to extend our time together.  A subject change is necessary because they will freak if they discover what my current life involves.  In order to sidetrack them, I need the request to be something uncharacteristic for me and appealing to them.  And finally, I have been craving an adventure…my life has become too predictable.
“We’ve got other plans on the agenda for us, this evening…” my g-mom revealed, looking impish.
“Other plans, indeedy…” Grandma Edie agreed with a wink.  “By the way, I notice you don’t have on your jewelry.”
“Cheering and blingage doesn’t mix.  My bracelets would cause a mid-air catastrophe because Jarron couldn’t get a grip on my wrists…”
“Surely you’re not going to tell me that young man grabs you around the throat for a stunt…” my g-mom said…her way of mentioning my absent charm necklace.
“Now g-mom, don’t be ridiculous.  I made him give up manual strangulation when he asked to be my personal baby elephant.  I refused to run the risk of being trampled and choked, simultaneously…
“I can’t wear my necklace because the charms tend to smack me in the face when I’m upside-down and airborne.  They’re all locked in my safe at home.  So, why are you both asking?”
“It has something to do with our plans for the evening…” Grandma Edie revealed.
“If we’re going gypsy shopping in a locked jewelry store, I need to change out of this flashy outfit.  A running escape from unexpected uniformed company is pointless when a glitter trail’s involved…” I told them, comically.
After our meal, Grandma Edie called the Portaling Master at Ava’shay Command.  Evidently, she had our trip pre-arranged because we landed in an unknown place of business.  The receptionist who greeted us was dressed in a wild costume.  Or, she might be clothed in the most mundane outfit her realm has to offer, if we happened to be located, other-worldly.
“Mind your P’s and Q’s, Bunny Baby,” my g-mom reminded me.
The lobby had bright red furniture and pictures of buxom, scantily clad Amazons.  Some were slaying Titans with swords and some were actively seducing them.  I felt my cheeks get warm just looking at the prints.  I glanced at g-mom and Grandma Edie.
They were filling out forms.  So, I wandered around and attempted to fill in the blanks without interrupting them with questions.
What is this place?
“I’ll need her signature if you want to take her back…” Vampirex stated, removing all but one form and handed them back the clipboard.
“Here, sweetie girl…scratch out your Jane Hancock and let’s get on with our adventure,” my Grandma Edie said, offering me the pen.
The excitement was building when I read the form.  It stated:  I, (insert your name), attest that I am of appropriate maturity to partake in all endeavors inside the walls of “Man’s Fall to Ruin”.  Voluntary avail into the inner domain means waiving my rights to seek redress in all instances.
The three of them looked at me, impatiently.  It was very apparent that no one is going to clue me in on what’s about to happen.  I scribbled my name and handed the clipboard back to Vampirex.  I hope I didn’t just sign my life away…
The receptionist deposited the papers into something that looked like a bank slot and pointed us to the metal vault door.
“Here’s your passcode.  Hotsie, will meet you on the other side.  Enjoy your visit and stay as long as you like,” Vampirex stated as she unlocked the steel vault door and pointed us inside.
“Select an outfit and a mask.  Those must be worn for the duration, as our guests seek anonymity.  Should you be asked to reveal your name during this upcoming journey, we request that you re-create yourself, by choosing a moniker that best fits your personality.  Real names and identities are not allowed to be voiced once inside the Sanctorium.  Failure to comply meets in ejection from the premises…” Hotsie read the rules while we changed into our costumes. 
I chose the name, Mystery because I didn’t have a clue about where we are and/or what we are doing.  My g-mom chose the name, Timeless and Grandma Edie selected, Eternity.  They ordered me a glass of champagne.
“You know my allergy to that stuff remains unchanged since our European jaunt, my dear Timeless…” I reminded her.
“You’ll thank us for further contributing to your delinquency, momentarily.  Here, we’ll switch.  Drink up, while we select a color for the art,” Eternity told me.
The drink she handed me was a glowing purple beverage named Risqué Smash that tasted suspiciously similar to an ordinary daiquiri.
The best I could figure, after conducting my room-to-room investigation, is this is a role-playing club for wanna-be underworld dwellers.  My investigation was rapid, so I might be slightly off in my assessment.  Certain rooms I had to vacate more expeditiously than others.  While no man ended up dead by the sword, some of the Titans were letting Amazons try their hand at seduction.  And, not all the costumes are made the same.  Some lack in areas that are normally covered.
This place is over-the-top, even for my adventurous g-mom!
“Are you sure you want Egyptian hieroglyphs?  We’ve still got time to switch to Aramaic…” my g-mom questioned Grandma Edie.
“We agreed, earthbound and pyramids,” she replied.
“Alrighty, then…comon’ Mystery Bunny…let’s get this show on the road,” my g-mom told me without the slightest hint of apprehension.
“Dare I ask about this show??” I whispered to Grandma Edie.
Neither one answered my inquiry.  So, I held my breath and followed them.
The venue was a walk-thru drama.  The writer was obviously shooting for dark and enigmatic, but the only real way to describe it was murky and perplexing.  The actors had thick New York accents, leaving little question about where we are currently located.  Otherwise, I was clueless.
The other people in our group surrounded one of the stars and begged for autographs.
“Is it over??” I quietly asked g-mom with serious reservations.
“Certainly…and, certainly not…” she offhandedly commented as she walked away.
“Ahhh…well, okay…bye,” I responded – evidently, I am left guessing.
“Timeless, you can’t just leave our beautiful girl hangin’.  I’ll explain…certainly means, the play has indeed, ended.  Don’t ask us to tell you what happened because we’re just as stumped by that pseudo-performance as you are.  I think someone said it’s called Visionary Vanguard Integrative Dramatics, but it’s awful.  Don’t let those people back there fool you with their photograph taking or swooning over that “actor”.  They don’t get what happened either.  They just like to live in the moment and New Yorkers’ get bored, easily.
“Okay, where was I?  Oh yeah certainly not means, the play wasn’t the real reason we came here.  Everyone who wants to see the artistry craftsman has to survive through that play/fantasy/bore-fest…call it what you will.
“I guess artistry master High and Haughty gets a kickback…” Grandma Edie explained part of it while simultaneously, confusing me further.
“And Eternity, I wasn’t going to leave her blowing in the wind!  They asked for feedback and badly needed it.  Oh, I signed another waiver for all of us too.  They were demanding to see Mystery’s I.D. because she looks underage.  It’s not readily available.  And, we are not trekking through, whatever that was again, to get back here.
“Mystery, Sir Absalom, the artistry craftsman who we are getting ready to see, is a renowned body modifier.  Eternity and I are going to get one piercing and you will be getting two.  We decided earlier, that you could choose the modification location and we would get ours in the same place.
“Once that’s done, we are all getting small, matching tattoos.  These are designed to scroll around the piercings.  So, keep that in mind when you choose the location.
“I’m not even going to suggest getting the one on your shoulder redone, because I know how attached you are.  But, the offer is still open.  I will be happy to expose mine and you can have an identical one placed on the other side…” my g-mom stated.
“No, I’ll keep what I’ve got…” I told her.
“You might not be a blood gypsy, but your spirit is a different story.  Tried and tried to tell Timeless, us Ay’sha girls form lifelong sentimental attachments,” Grandma Edie interjected with a snicker.
The artistry master looked nothing like I envisioned.  He didn’t have a single visible body modification of his own.  He was short and mousy with a thin, handlebar mustache.  His costume was indescribable.  I couldn’t place his accent because it turned out to be completely phony.
My g-mom removed a small, ceremonial wooden box from her pocket.  It held four hoop rings filled with glowing mist.  The mist looks similar to the duck charm Zander gave me a long time ago that has his spiritual essence encased inside it.
As a rule, it’s dangerous to wear jewelry while cheerleading.  Two naval rings should be alright.  However, a new piercing requires time to heal and has to stay in place.
“Excuse me, Sir Absalom, might I trouble you with a question?” I asked with a bogus accent of my own that made g-mom and grandma double-over laughing.
“Proceed at your peril, child…” he replied suspiciously, still worried about my age.
“I stand before you an adult in my mid-twenties and wish to inquire about my piercing alterations.  Will the holes maintain their integrity if removed for a scant, few hours?” I managed to speak the snooty question before having to muffle my snickers.
“Your dual piercings must remain affixed, until the grave takes its claim!  I refuse to craft a piece of artwork if your intention is to defile it on a girlish whim!  Would you remove the smile from the Mona Lisa for a “scant”, anything??” Sir Absalom shouted.
My Grandma Edie intervened and worked her magic to calm him down while my g-mom pulled me to the side for a private discussion.
“You know what’s inside the hoops, right?  They need to stay in place, always.  The tattoos Edie and I are getting say ‘sister infinite’…fairly self-explanatory.  Yours will bear runic symbols of the Vaydem and gypsy persuasions.  I’m not sure on the exact wordings, but Zander’s spiritual essence is needed to power them…if you get my drift.  The hoops were his idea.  He wouldn’t even share what’s in the extra one.  He just made us swear that we would get you to wear them.  
“I know you can’t accessorize with dangling bobbles when those kids are tossing you in the air.  And, while we’re on the topic…honestly, I didn’t realize the ten years of gymnastics’ lessons I manipulated you into taking would be used as a coronary weapon against me.  So, this cheering is how you choose to rebel, huh??
“And yes, I still remember the great pink tutu debate when you were four.  You warned me that you only wanted to take ballet dancies with the pretty frwilly-willy skirt…not ‘bat and twirlies’ lessons and certainly not ‘gym-nasty-ickys’ lessons.  And here, I thought we had reached a fair compromise, back then.  If you only knew how many arguments I waged and bribes I paid before your baton teacher and your gymnastics instructor finally gave in and allowed you to wear that tutu in their classes, you would be ashamed for that attempt on my life, earlier in the day.  I couldn’t find a karate instructor in all of Western North Carolina that would permit you to wear the tutu or you would have a black belt to match.
“But then again, you would be cracking through cinderblocks with your head…instead of letting a pack of skinny sparkle-eyed co-eds toss your body around like it’s stuffed with cotton.  Well, a fractured skull is a fractured skull either way I suppose…  
“You and I will soon be having a powwow about this heart attack weapon you snuck in on me.  I still can’t believe that hazardous sport you participate in is called something as benign as “cheerleading”.  What happened to “rah, rah’s” and fluffy pompoms??  The most dangerous move any cheerleader ever made in my day was a round-off, landing in a split.
“Why, even those boys wearing pajamas to play that ballgame have on helmets.  Your team wears mid-rifts, braids and smiles!  Pearly whites will not protect brain-buckets, Bunny Baby of mine!
“That conversation is headed your way, soon.  But, your Grandma Eternity has the artistry master eating out of the palm of her hand.  So, he’s about ready to start.
“I need you to get these piercings and a new tattoo for me…it’s a personal favor.  They will give me comfort during my other-worldly jaunts.  Or, I can move back to earth’s realm, where you have quick access to me…” my g-mom whispered.
“First, I don’t cheer to be rebellious.  You remembered the debate, but you must’ve forgotten how popular that tutu made me with all the other preschoolers in gymnastics classes.  They got to wear one, too.
“I didn’t mean to scare you, today.  I would’ve prepared you and Grandma Eternity for the stunts, if I only knew you were coming.
“Second, who needs karate with three big brothers to educate me in the art of deadly self-defense?  Jaysen taught me one simple move, specifically designed to fully incapacitate any black-belted attacker, no matter which of the martial arts he happens to practice.
“Third and most importantly, I want you to jaunt around, make mischief, have romantic dinners with daring football referees and experience all the inner and/or outer realm breaking and entering your healthy, worry-free heart can tolerate.  Once I have my college degree in hand, I plan on rejoining you and our hedonistic adventures will resume full-swing.
“So, two body piercings and a tattoo are all I need to give you that freedom to live your life until I’m back in your sight; then, I say, bring it on!  I’ll even trek through that horrible play-type-thing again, to get my I.D., if necessary – wouldn’t want the mousy master to ink me with a nervous, shaky hand…” I revealed.

Chapter Three

Somehow, Zander’s essence healed the piercing holes, instantly.  The tattoo was a different story.  Although I knew R-daddy could take the sting away if I wanted to take a quick detour to see him at his home called Sunridge, I sort of welcomed the uncomfortable reminder.
After I promised to eat meals and take care of myself every day, g-mom and grandma took me home.  Although the sun was already rising, it was still too soon to see them go.  But, I had plastered on a smile for their benefit and managed to keep my tears at bay.  They waved before heading back to Terria Tarrish to continue with their outing.
My plan was to immerse myself in homebound sorority activities.  Typically, makeovers and gossiping with my pledge-sisters helps me to mentally escape.  But somehow I forgot that my sisters believe I am heartbroken over Lyle breaking off our relationship.  I don’t want to share the honest account of what happened.  So my mental vacation was a bust…
After narrowly dodging the eighth relationship break-up question, someone knocked on our door.  I thought, “Hooray, my salvation!”  But, deliverance was not waiting on the other side.
“So, it’d be nice if you actually cancelled somehow, instead of leaving me sitting at the Den waiting and wondering…” Lyle announced to me as my sisters watched on in starry-eyed fascination.
“Oh no!  I’m not cancelling…wasn’t going to.  I mean…my phone’s in my room…I swear I set a reminder.  Sorry, it’s behind a closed door where I can’t hear it.  Wait, I’ll get dressed and we can still go.  If you can and still want to, that is.
“I’ve gotta get this wet polish off.  Don’t…I mean, why don’t you come upstairs…no, not that!  I’ll just be right back.  Are we taking yours or mine or each their own…vehicles, I mean?” I rambled, insanely.
Distressed, I can’t let my sisters question him.  Who knows what Lyle will say?  And, what fallout I will receive, if they discover I was the one breaking off our relationship.
“Go…wait for me in the car…I’ll only be a minute!” I demanded, without hanging around to hear his answer.
Sure enough, I entered my room and heard my iPhone beeping into infinity.
My polish was smeared.  My outfit didn’t match.  But, as promised, one minute later I jumped in his car.
“That has to be some type of sorority record…” he sarcastically declared.
“Sorry again…” I replied, ignoring his tone.
“Listen, I’ve been thinking…” he started, but I interrupted him.
“Hold that thought…this first,” I said, opening my cosmetics’ bag.
I busied myself meticulously applying make-up.  Lyle turned up the music, obviously aggravated.  By the time we walked into the Java Den, I had blown a pound of make-up and couldn’t avoid the inevitable any longer.
“So, what’s on your mind?” I questioned him.
“We should get back together…” Lyle bluntly replied and I burnt my tongue on my coffee.
“Ouch…that’s hot!” I exclaimed.
“I’m not good, talking about relationship crap and feelings.  But, I’m…” he stated and once again, I stopped him.
“Lyle, you don’t have to do this.  We don’t have to do this…”
“There’s no ‘we’ to ‘us’, at the moment.  That needs to change…”
“There’s always going to be a ‘we’ to ‘us’, because we spent over a year together.  We’re just in different places…”
“If you say, ‘It’s me and not you…’ I swear I’ll…”
“Save it…I wasn’t going to say that.  It’s me and you.  Don’t you get it??  You’ve been prepared, since day one, to take our relationship to a sexual level.  I’m still not ready.
“You deserve to get what you want.  You and I were spending time like it’s some unending luxury.  My g-mom always taught me to appreciate the value in a minute.  I’m not ready to give you what you want.  I care enough about you to let you go find it…” I explained.
“Sex is a natural expression of our feelings.  You make it sound like I wanna meaningless one-nighter…” Lyle said.
The conversation then, turned from getting back together, into all the reasons I should have been willing to demonstrate my emotions by having sex with him.  I argued it out, repeating the same rationales in different ways.  Lyle was equally tenacious, challenging me to try it “just once” and see what I’m missing.  That’s precisely how I found myself unwittingly caught in the same old trap.
My coffee was cold and I was steaming by the time I realized what had just happened.  Lyle sucked me back into…same argument…same justifications…same rationalizations…same pain being felt on both sides.
This is the reason I broke things off with him.  We can’t agree on this topic and debating is futile.  Evidently, Lyle is determined to make me see things his way.  He continued his whispered argument, even when I stopped talking.
In my silence, I realized something ironic.  He and I are debating two very different things.  I’m giving him my rationales for why we shouldn’t be together and he is telling me why we (as a couple) should have sex.  Relationships are supposed to be all about compromise, support and acceptance.  It was clear that both of us expected the other to change when we were dating.  The truth hit me like two tons of bricks.
Lyle still hasn’t noticed the fact that I have stopped debating.  He is diligently presenting his case on why making love completes us as a couple.  And, the real truth is revealed…
I don’t have any way to convince him…of anything.  In his mind, we are back together.
Lyle hasn’t heard a single word I have said, today.  More amazingly, I discovered that he has never listened to me during our entire relationship.  I am nothing more than a prop to him…cheerleader arm-candy.
Seeing my grandma and g-mom last night must have given me a fresh perspective on life.  I can repeat myself a hundred times over, but Lyle only hears what he wants to hear.
His arguments never include my happiness, unless those are in reference to being with him.  He never mentions my personal goals, dreams or aspirations beyond how I will occupy myself while he travels during his NFL career.  He has never even asked me a question or inquired about any opinion I might have.
Content enough to marvel at my newfound insights, I listened to him reveal his true heart in fascination.  But, then I started playing the ‘what if…’ game in my mind.  Considering the choices I could have made instead of the ones I actually did make, I decided this conversation is over.
“Lyle, your looming, big NFL career is a lot of…well, everything.  You know me, right?  So, you know what’s happening…all of this, is going on for you…” I bullied my way into the conversation, spoke gypsy nonsense and fell silent.
He looked at me in confusion and I bit my scalded tongue to remain silent.
Tray and Willow had both given me this same piece of advice.  When all else fails, offer a person something cryptic on a topic they care about and wait for them to figure out how to respond.  Lyle spent the afternoon talking about himself.  So, I obliged his interest by selecting his favorite subject.
Then, a miracle occurred, he heard me.  He had to interpret the meaning based on his perceptions, but he did hear something.
“Oh my baby-doll, I wasn’t planning on leaving you.  So, that’s what’s been weighing on your pretty mind.  My football career will take me all over the country, but don’t sweat it.  We’ll figure out something to keep you occupied.  But, it won’t be cheering for a professional team.  Don’t get me wrong; you’ve got mad skills.  You’ll just be too busy hosting dinner parties for my teammates and coaches…” he offered, comfortingly.
“Those are some points.  Sure wish we had more time to talk this over, but my shift’s getting ready to start.  Let’s table this until next time…” I stated.
Lyle hugged and reassured me, once more, that he isn’t planning on leaving me – ever.  He evidently feels obligated to comfort me further by hanging out and proving his words.
Cringing, I smiled over my shoulder and ducked under the counter.  My coworker looked at me in astonishment.  I’m not on the schedule today.  Price followed me into the backroom while I grabbed an apron.
“Hey lady, what’s up?” Price inquired, sheepishly.
“Ssshhh…keep your voice down,” I demanded.
“Ah, I get it!  You’re relieving me of duty, involuntarily…jock avoidance tactic…extra sweet!  Mel and I both thank you.  I haven’t started my side work, yet.  Lock up when you leave,” he stated, intuitively.
“Tell Melissa I said, “There’s plenty of hard-working fish in the sea.  And, you’re welcome…”” I replied, sarcastically.
Price is always looking to clock-out early.  But, his comment about not completing his side work was pointless and comical.  Even on nights he closes alone, he never does the clean-up or morning preps.  Being the owner’s son has its perks…
The second Price saw me walk in with my ex, he started getting excited.  He is astute enough to see the handwriting on the wall.  Guys can read other guys, too.  So, he knew right where mine and Lyle’s ‘relationship conversation’ was headed.  He figured I would get trapped and be looking for a quick, plausible escape.
Lyle had settled in for the night.  He was surfing the internet and intermittently, winking at me.  Yep, we’re back together in his way of thinking.  All he needs is my verbal approval…and that can come from my saying and/or doing practically anything.  The pressure will only intensify when we’re in an enclosed vehicle.
Formulating a plan, I sent several text messages and filled orders until they came crashing through the door.  A large group of Lyle’s frat brothers found him, courtesy of me.  I was strategically plotting how to worm my way out of riding home with him, when three of my sorority sisters unexpectedly, waltzed in – perfect.
My sisters had casually appeared to snoop on me and Lyle.  They took one look at the available clientele and forgot about my life, along with their meddlesome investigation.  The frat boys complimented them and invited them over.
“Hi Greek siblings, the first round’s on me…” I said and distributed cups to everyone at the table.
I also laced each coffee with two shots of espresso, hoping to work some magic through caffeine overload.  Twenty minutes later, brothers and sisters were all wired for sound and finding it impossible to sit still.
“Hey Krista, we’re headed out to get some food.  I’ll be back near closing…later, my Doll-babe,” he announced.
So, I’ve gone from baby-doll to my Doll-babe…double gag!
I did all the side work at breakneck speed and cleaned-up the instant people vacated their tables.  My diabolical plan was to lock the door at precisely, 10:00 and bolt from the area on foot.  I would call a cab after a safe distance.  That way no one could tell Lyle I had planned to ditch him all along.
Guilt started gnawing at me around 9:45.  But, I managed to alleviate it by splitting hairs.  Lyle didn’t expressly say he would be coming back to give me a ride home.  He only said he was returning near closing time.  Although I understood the implied meaning, he had no way to prove I got it – after all, doll-babes’ have pretty heads filled with air.  So, with my rationalization formulated, I locked the door five minutes early and took off jogging/fleeing.
I called a cab to meet me in a dark parking lot.  The elderly driver gave me a polite lecture about hanging out at deserted places in the dead of night.  He also drove the posted limit and Lyle always speeds everywhere he goes.  I tried to keep my frustrations to myself as we crept along at ten miles per hour and I listened to him parent me from the front seat.
Alright Creator, I get it!  It’s dangerous to run around, alone at night.  You can stop sending me messengers…
The cab driver reluctantly dropped me off near the quad.  I told him I was headed to the dorms to see a friend.  I couldn’t risk him pulling up in front of my house and one of my sisters seeing me exit from a cab.  There is nothing worse than a pack of girls on a mission.  They would be chomping at the bit to discover why I didn’t call one of them for a ride.  They might also assume Lyle ditched me and that would amount to a declaration of war.
The driver suspiciously watched me until I was inside the building.  Then, he waited around.  I don’t know anyone in this dorm.  Girls walking by provided me with puzzled stares.  I must look like a criminal with my back pressed against the wall.
“Just waiting on my ride…” I offered them my lame excuse.
They gasped and took off like I had pulled a weapon.
A full fifteen minutes later the cab finally left.  That driver must be a father…
I had intentionally shutdown my phone right after I called the cab.  If Lyle can mentally assume we are back together, I can let him mentally assume my battery went dead.  But, with so many messengers delivering warnings, I turned it back on as I headed for my house.
The phone beeped and displayed I had missed several calls.  I was fumbling around trying to erase the messages without having to listen to them, when I happened to notice Lyle’s car parked in front of my sorority.
I reflexively pressed the power button on my phone as my heart jumped into my throat.  I didn’t finish the process so the device was lit up like a beacon in the night.  Then, as if I needed more problems, Lyle opened the driver’s side door.
“Pipe down!” he yelled into the interior at his frat brothers jam-packed in his vehicle.
He put his phone up to his ear.
I had covered my screen with my hand, but I didn’t silence my ringer.  The ring-back tone blared at a seemingly obnoxious level.
I calculated the distance to the bushes…too far.
The maintenance shed is a little closer and it has an unlocked window.  Rushing toward my only option, I didn’t look back.  Praying all the while that no one would notice my white striped shirt, I was kicking myself for not wearing black.
The fabricated metal building amplified my ring tone.  In desperation, I carelessly threw the iPhone and leaped inside.  Tools went sailing, my phone shattered and I landed with a painful thud on the concrete floor.
Although I couldn’t make out exactly what they were saying, I heard the guys running in my direction.  Scrambling to crawl underneath a tool bench to hide, I realized I wasn’t alone in this building.  I hesitated and squeaked in fear.
“Quiet…” she whispered, urgently.
Crouching in the world’s smallest, tightest space, I watched her slide her inflatable bed under a row of shelves and turn off her book light.  Then, she became one with the shadows.  If I hadn’t seen her hide with my own two eyes, I never would have known she was in here.
Their voices are almost perceptible…
“Your eyes reflect…close them,” she ordered, quietly.
Complying with her directive, I steadied my breathing.  I had been perilously close to getting caught many times with g-mom.  So, I was no stranger to regaining my calm under pressure.  But, I have never closed my eyes during this type of situation.  I was struggling to remain blind to the future.
“I saw something…” an unknown guy said.
“Dude, you’re a burnout,” another guy offered.
They pulled on the door and shoved against it when they discovered it was locked. 
“Seriously Dudes, I thought I saw something too…like a ghost…” yet another guy added.
“Yeah, campus is haunted, Jeb.  Wait, now I see it!” Lyle announced and I saw a beam of light flicker across my eyelids.
I’m so busted…
“What is it, man??” burnout guy asked.
“It’s just tools…get off me!  You and I aren’t havin’ a Hallmark moment…” Lyle said.
They continued to sling barbs and shove each other around.  I could hear their commotion.
“I swear I saw something go through that window…” burnout told the others.
I missed how the brothers replied because the girl started rustling around.  I felt her brush by me.  Next, I heard a sound like metal on metal…then, silence from her.
Judging by the position of the frat brothers’ voices, they had moved to the window I came in through.  But evidently, something was now preventing them from entering.
“It’s locked, Einstein…” one said.
“You’re not a spirit…” someone else stated.
 “What are you doing with that rock??” Lyle shouted.
The guy responded with something, but it was too muffled for me to hear.
Once again, their commotion ensued before we heard a siren.
Campus police had evidently arrived.  The impulse to see my surroundings was overwhelming so I finally surrendered to it. 
The girl was crouching underneath the window with a chain in her hand.  The hook on the other end was anchored to the bottom sill, simulating it being locked.  Although she had her eyes closed tight, her breathing was rapid and shallow.  As the officers approached the shed, she became more and more panicked.  Her breaths were echoing.
Realizing the trouble I had caused her made me feel horribly guilty.  If anyone’s getting busted, it’s going to be me and not her.  I slipped out of my hiding place and crawled over to her.
“Go on…I’ve got this,” I whispered to her and took the chain from her hand.
I could see how much she wanted to protest, but it’s not like she could argue with the police just on the other side of the thin wall.
Lyle and his frat brothers continued making excuses and telling the officers that they saw an intruder enter the shed.  The officers reminded them that they were holding a rock when they approached them.  The words “arrest” and “detain” were spoken.
While they were heatedly debating, I did the best I could to quietly move the debris into the shadows.  By the time security shined the light inside, all they saw was an empty floor.
“Seriously Dude, there’s someone in there!  There was stuff everywhere a minute ago…” burnout revealed.
“That’s Officer Morst…not “Dude”…” he declared before revealing his intent to place the cuffs on burnout.
The frat brothers’ launched into a loud protest.  So, the officer finally agreed to take a look if they agreed to shut up.
Officer Morst tried key after key, but he couldn’t get the shed open.  Audibly aggravated, I was praying he would simply give up.  However, burnout boy planned to keep pestering the officer until he was vindicated.
I stood up and moved into the center of the shed where I could be seen, easily.  Formulating a strange excuse for my presence here, I started twirling my hair and waited on fate to take its course.
The door creaked open…
I would make a loud, puzzling scene and throw the officer off the scent of my B&E buddy.
Officer Morst flipped the lights on…
I squinted as the sudden illumination temporarily blinded me.  My heart was pounding as I stood out in the open.  Then, the door swiftly shut without anyone stepping foot inside.
“Wait!” yelled Officer Plabel.
“Halt right there!  No one has permission to leave…” commanded Officer Morst before he took off in pursuit.
The rest of the voices were a muffled mixture of emotions.  They were quickly fading into the background.  A new commotion was brewing beyond the tool shed.  I was already prepared to get busted, so I ran over to the window and looked outside.
The comical scene unfolded and I was laughing all the while.
“What’s going on??” my B&E buddy whispered, urgently.
“Come here.  You’ve gotta see this…” I said, breathlessly.
She walked tentatively in my direction and had to stifle her own giggles.
“My sorority sisters were jeweling Victoria’s Secret undergarments before I left the house this afternoon.  Obviously, they finished the project.  Oh no, I think he just got blinded by flashlight beam to the bra…that’s gotta be a first,” I offered, winded from hysterics.
“Yep, he’s shielding his eyes…blindness via bling…that’ll teach those Coppers.  At least, their lingerie covers more than those string bikinis they sunbathe in…” she noticed.
Although I am not a lip reader, I knew precisely what excuses the girls were offering.  They would act surprised by the unexpected male company and tell them they were scared because they heard something.  They undoubtedly recognized Lyle’s and Ellis’ cars and realized there were several frat boys trolling around somewhere close.  My sorority sisters refuse to take a backseat to anyone – law enforcement or no.
“Those two security officials are woefully outmatched.  You think they’ll call for back-up?” she wondered, aloud.
“Neen won’t give them a chance to radio in, anything.  Notice her hand on her hip and the other on Officer M’s?  That’s her signature move.  We nicknamed it, “The Overture”.  It has an efficacy rate of 95%…” I revealed.
Originally, I thought an officer of the law might be among the ranks of the negligible 5%.  But, he fell haplessly into Neen’s wily trap when she removed his badge and pinned it on her sparkling boy-shorts like a trophy.
The frat brothers should have been grateful because they would be in hot water if my sisters hadn’t intervened.  But, they were getting upstaged by the men in uniforms.  Unaccustomed to being slighted, they started doing what frat guys do to get attention.  They were getting loud and obnoxious.  They were also reminding the officers of what they were doing before the sparkling sorority distraction occurred.
“Grab your stuff and let’s get out of here…”
“Oh, superb…there goes my four-star sleeping accommodations,” my B&E buddy commented while grabbing her personal belongings.
I didn’t have time to apologize.  The frat brothers were loud enough to comprehend what they were saying.  I shoved her deflated mattress into the garbage can, before snatching my shattered cell phone from the floor.
We can’t risk climbing out the unlocked window.  Exiting through the door isn’t an option either.  Using her book light, we managed to figure out how to unlatch the back window lock.  We leaped through it, simultaneously and left it open when we took off running.
Barely making it to the bushes, the officers entered the shed and quickly discovered the opened window.  My buddy and I hit the ground like we were being shot at…we waited.
“I think I see something…over there!” someone said as the officers’ flashlight beams spilled on us.
We scrambled to our feet and bolted south.
“Stop…can’t run…anymore,” she told me after a mile.
She was completely winded.
Although I knew we were still in jeopardy, I did as she ordered.  I could hear male voices approaching.  One of those definitely belongs to Lyle.  Once again, I formulated a semi-plausible excuse.
“This way!” burnout boy yelled and his brothers agreed.
And, they led the security officers off in the wrong direction.  Yay!!
I just couldn’t resist the impulse as I started giggling.  Those giggles quickly turned into hysterics.  I don’t even know this stranger, but I had to stop myself from hugging her.  This adventure/misadventure is exactly what I needed.  It reminds me of good times in high school with Ember and several thousand escapades I’ve shared with my g-mom throughout my life.  Strangely, I almost wish I had gotten busted.  I’m really scared that all the predictability and law-abiding boredom I’ve experienced as of late will make me lose my edge.
My new involuntary companion in crime didn’t share in my hilarity.  I guess to her, our current situation looks more dire than comical.  I have a home to go to and she was just displaced from hers.
“Sorry…gimme a sec…” I told her, but she clearly wasn’t interested in accepting my apology.
She huffed just once before walking away.
“Really, wait, please stop!  I’m truly sorry.  You never would’ve gotten caught if I hadn’t brought you unwelcomed company.  Let me try to make it up to you…” I offered and she stopped in her tracks.
“How?”
“We can go back to my place.  I have a private suite in the house with my own bedroom and bath.  You can stay overnight.  We’ll figure something out in the morning…”
She turned back towards me and she was standing under a street light.  I recognize her.  My B&E buddy is Audrey from the late night study group.
“So, you’re suggesting a PJ party – seriously?  I don’t own a pair of pajamas.  And, you really think a shower’s gonna do the trick??  My wardrobe is unavailable until morning and I’m not interested in becoming your sorority bi-experiment…” she offered impatiently, spreading out her arms in exasperation.
“I wasn’t suggesting…”
“Don’t get your blinged-out undies in a twist.  It’s called sarcasm.  But, how exactly are we gonna explain our appearance to your snobby sisters?  What were we doing, rebuilding an engine in our spare time?”
We were both covered in grease and filth.  Our clothes were ruined.
Her sarcasm doesn’t bother me in the least.  My brothers use it to alleviate stress.  I have been known to use it on occasion myself, depending on how much pressure I am placed under.
“I see your points.  But, not all of my sorority cohorts are snobby.  Let me make a quick call and ask for repayment of a favor…” I told her.
Even if I could sneak us into my room, Audrey is taller than I am and she has a larger bone structure.  I don’t have an outfit that will fit her.  Although it is true, not all my sisters in the house are snobs, they are all die-hard fashion fanatics who are dedicated to their wardrobes.  I can’t see any of them willingly sacrificing an outfit to a virtual stranger.
Tess pulled up in her car fifteen minutes later.  After she gave us the once over, we drove to our destination in silence.  Tess is a friend and one of my cheerleaders (who I affectionately call my Cheer Babies).  She owes me one.  As the assistant manager at American Eagle Outfitters I knew she would have a key.
“This makes us square, by the way…” Tess informed me as she turned on a few overhead lights so we could shop for clothing.
“Deal, my Cheer Baby.  I know you can’t ring our stuff up until morning.  So, I’ll give you the cash and you can bring me the receipt at practice.  Thanks for doing this…”
“You two weren’t wrestling each other in motor oil were you C.B.C.?” Tess asked.
“Oil’s too slippery…” Audrey revealed and glanced at me with an impish expression.
“Yeah, it started out as Jell-O and things went awry.  That’s the last time we’ll hit that club, ever…”
Audrey’s levity made me feel a little better.  It appears I might have inadvertently ruined her life just trying to avoid my ex’s ramblings about our make-believe future he’s concocted.
There’s a story to why Audrey was living in the maintenance shed, but I might not ever discover it.
When I first encountered my sister, Ember, she reminded me of a deer caught in the headlights of my oncoming car.  She had misjudged my social scene because I appeared to be sitting alone in the cafeteria that day.  I had many acquaintances in high school.  And, I easily have, triple that number, in college at this point.  Audrey has issued me that same terrified glance repeatedly, since my abrupt arrival into her world.
It takes time and effort to get a scared deer to trust the driver of the near-miss car.  I will have to somehow discover a quick way to make amends to Audrey.  My sorority house has a very strict overnight guest policy.  I can probably get away with letting her stay two or three nights, at most.  Then, the witch hunt convenes and I am figuratively burned at the stake.
I can’t lie and tell them she wants to pledge, because rush week is long over.  Besides, most sarcasm has an underlying ripple of truth.  I assume Audrey knows about me and my “snobby sisters” because she has watched our comings-and-goings at night from her window.  She must have formulated an opinion based on the more active members and their nighttime antics.  Given Audrey’s opinion, I doubt she would be willing to perpetrate a ruse, even if it means a warm bed and shower.
Although I would be willing to rent her a room somewhere for the rest of this semester, I seriously doubt she would take me up on the offer.  In fact, that move would likely backfire miserably.
First, no one wants to be viewed as a charity case.  And two, a large generous offer from a stranger typically comes with hidden strings.  I don’t have any way to earn Audrey’s trust before the sunrise.
“Alright Creator, I need some assistance.  I want to make-up for accidentally hurting her…” I silently prayed while I shopped.

Chapter Four

Strangely enough, Tess didn’t ask me anything about Audrey.  She was busy living her life through electronic means until she could return to it in person.  But, I knew I wouldn’t get so lucky with my sisters.  Crossing my fingers, I decided to take a gamble.  Audrey and I already share a history of trespassing…so what’s one more small infraction.
“Hey, Tess…mind dropping us off, here?  We need to pick something up before I head back to the house,” I asked her about a block from where I live.
“Sure thing, C.B.C. – oh, I feel like I might be late to practice…” Tess agreed and then, tested the waters.
“I hear ya’.  And, I’ll even join you in that three mile run as an extra show of my eternal gratitude for sacrificing your not-so free Sunday night to repay me…” I responded with a wink and a smile to Tess, before she drove away in frustration.
“Okay, do I even wanna know what that was about?” Audrey inquired about our cryptic exchange.
“I’m usually the laidback sort, but not when it comes to cheerleading practice.  I’m the C.B.C. or Cheer Baby Captain.  We have a regional competition coming up.  If anyone is late to practice – physically, mentally or technologically – they have to stay after for a three mile commitment run.  Tess has a new boyfriend.  I’m sure my intrusion tonight wasn’t welcomed, as evidenced by her marathon text session and sighs of exasperation during our shopping spree.
“What can I say?  I’m batting a thousand in the life disruption department tonight…
“Oh, that reminds me, the reason I had her drop us off here is I was wondering if you’d like to skip the formal sisterhood snoop-fest for this evening.  We’ll have to shimmy up the trellis to my bedroom should you choose to ditch.
“Or, I’m more than amicable to introducing you to the brood.  They were all home when I left this afternoon.  I’ll even point out the real snobs and sweethearts, for your future reference…” I offered.
“I’m going for a lifetime skip on those formal introductions, if you don’t mind.  I’ve seen plenty from my accidental investigations of your house.  I was actually giving consideration to researching and writing my master’s thesis on the adverse effects of nail polish fumes on brain cells.  But, I’m sure you realize, I would have to obtain their consent and I don’t think I could get them to agree.  No offense, but most of your roomies make middle-schoolers’ appear world-weary, wise…” Audrey remarked.
“Trust me – everything looks asinine from a distance.  I spent a few semesters abroad and it gave me some true perspective.  I sadly, realized that college in America is usually nothing more than four, plus years of proving children can survive in the wild – with or without actual adult supervision…” I replied, humorously.
 “Abroad, huh?” she asked and then, hesitated – waiting for me to elaborate.
I nodded and remained silent…coaxing the frightened deer to come to me.
“Abroad anywhere sounds like bliss.  But, I’m too close to my goal to dropout.  I’m not interested in living up to their expectations…” Audrey declared before she fell silent.
Although I was curious about her comment, I didn’t question her.  This reminds me of the time I spent trying to get to know Ember.  I suppressed thousands of questions until she learned that she could trust me.  There is a significant difference between her and Audrey, though.  I had the privilege of a few days to observe Ember before we struck up a conversation.  So, I sort of had a feel for what to say and what topics I should avoid.
All I know about Audrey is: she’s in a public study group through the week; she taught me that the reflection of my eyes can get me caught and (up until an hour ago) she lived in the maintenance shed across from my sorority.  I had a sneaking suspicion that I won’t be seeing her anymore at the Hookah bar.  So, our paths will likely part tomorrow…oh well, such is life.
We remained hidden along the tree line while we inched towards my backyard.  I noticed Lyle’s car was still parked in front.  The officers had evidently given up and returned to their station.
As we climbed the delicate structure and avoided getting stabbed by thorns, I almost started laughing again.  I never thought I would have to be sneaking into my own house as an adult.  And, my sneaking wasn’t over…
I wound up having to crawl into the kitchen on all fours, so I could swipe the dishwashing liquid.  That’s the only product we had on hand to remove the black grease from our skin.  I had finally convinced Audrey to let me buy her two sets of clothes to balance the cosmic scales.  She came out of the shower wearing comfortable lounge pants and a top.
The twin sized trundle bed, stored underneath my mattress was already pulled out and waiting for her.  Seemingly embarrassed, she brushed her wet hair and whispered “excuse me” as we navigated around each other in my small space.  By the time I scrubbed myself clean and exited the bathroom, she was already asleep. 
I stayed awake for a long time trying to reconcile my actions and decisions I made during the course of the evening.  I never choose avoidance.  I couldn’t figure out what prompted me to select it, especially in this particular circumstance.
In the stillness of the night, I could think of many other options.  I could have just allowed Lyle to believe whatever he wanted to about our relationship.  I could have demanded that he take me home, immediately…faked an illness…made a scene…refused to speak until he listened to me.  No matter how many ways I envisioned the different choices, the outcomes never turned out in my favor.
Lyle would have expected sex, tonight if I had just let him believe we’re still a couple.  Going home would not have been helpful to my cause.  My sisters know Lyle is a 3-prime frat catch – 3-prime = handsome, rich and popular.  I can actually hear their arguments as to why I’m nuts to let him go.  Faking an illness is temporary and gives him an excuse to escort me to bed.  There is a large chance that he would misinterpret any scene I might make and think it’s my sorority ploy to get his full and undivided attention.  And, his promises to listen would end up being worthless too, because he only hears what he wants to hear.  The words I speak won’t matter to him…
He is not used to being rejected, by anyone, for any reason.  So, the only way I can wiggle out of this jam is to concoct a scheme that makes him want to break things off with me.  That’s it!  Lyle needs to stumble upon another love interest.
The question is…can I help make that happen?
I know plenty of single girls.  And, I also know Lyle…his interests, likes, dislikes and what type of girls he goes for.
The idea was taking shape, quickly.  I was feeling tentatively confident while I was weighing my odds of success, when Audrey was startled awake with a nightmare.
“Are you okay?” I asked her softly and scared her again, in the process.
“I’m spectacular…what do you think??” she retorted, harshly.  “Wait, don’t apologize…I’m the one that should say “sorry”.  I’m not much of a morning person.  That’s probably why I got kicked out, in the first place…” she offered, half-jokingly.
“Well, if it makes you feel any better my g-mom wouldn’t permit the word “morning” to be uttered in our house while I was growing up.  She’s a true believer in ‘verbal evasion’.  Saying something makes it real and she refuses all forms of convention…including, but not limited to, experiencing mornings by acknowledging that they exist…”
“And, what’s her excuse for the morning dodge?”
“You mean excuses.  She has many.  But, my favorite is her concerns over our being forced into a daybreak, Clown College curriculum.  Around my home, make-up removal at any time, by either one of us was considered a minute killer.  Our time was to be better spent living…” I replied, comically.
“Circus life might’ve been fun…”
“We did that once, just for a couple of days.  Clowns lose all their humor, afterhours.  No amount of rum-less Coke and cotton candy can “un-scar” a six-year-old, by the way.  Just ask my g-mom, who had her hopes dashed when she discovered me hanging upside-down from the stationary trapeze, threatening to let go and crying over Gigglez and Chuckles.
“My g-mom thought I was asleep when she and the clowns were playing a dice and card game called, Attack 21 Pokered Jacks & Craps.  Oh, don’t ask me to explain it.  I’m only allowed to share the details with people who have balanced on one-foot, in the curl of an elephant’s trunk.
“I couldn’t sleep being surrounded by so many cool animals.  The circus seemed so glamorous, magical and full of joy.  But, those clowns were just pretending to be the happiest people on the planet.  Ya’ know, acting for the kiddie’s.  It turns out Gigglez, a.k.a. Herbert and Chuckles, whose actual name is Root, lived together because they had lost their families and their litter of puppies in a house fire.
“Oh, I ate the cotton candy and drank the two liter of soda my g-mom brought up to bribe me with, in a misguided attempt to drown away my sorrows through sugar.  But, the sad memory of Gigglez and Chuckles, telling their sob story, is permanently seared in my mind.  Wanna hear what makes it all the more tragic??”
“Sure…”
“My g-mom later insisted their story was a con job.  She caught them cheating at the dicey cards’ game they were playing and called them on it before I started listening.  I know she was telling the truth, but those two Bozo’s ruined clowns for me, forever.”  
“Well, it could’ve been worse.  That sugar rush could’ve also spiraled you into a coma…”
“Now, that’s what I call a stretch to the ‘bright side’…” I agreed and giggled.
“It’s time for me to get going,” she revealed, on her way to the bathroom to change into her other, new outfit.
“You’re welcome to stay.”
“I’m used to starting my day in the dark of night.  Bet that would make your g-mom happy…no reference to the dreaded “M” word from me…”
The awkward silence stretched out, as she folded my sheets neatly and headed to the window to escape.  And, I didn’t know what to say without spooking her or making her feel weird.
“Thanks for letting me crash with you…” Audrey stated.
“It’s the least I can do because I crashed you, first.  And, there’s no need to climb out the window.  I’ll walk you to the front door.  They’re all asleep, by now – I promise,” I told her.
Like normal, Audrey pulled up her hood and disappeared toward the quad.  I wonder where she goes this early in the morning…
Feeling like I had righted my mistake, my mind rapidly switched back to my scheme to get Lyle hooked up with another girl.  I had a complete list of attributes I would look for by the time I sat down to breakfast.
Mondays are hectic as a general rule, but this one in particular was getting ready to break me.  I had intentionally ignored my technological reminder yesterday.  My hours spent with my g-mom and grandma this weekend had an undesired side effect.  Their visit brought out my (formally dormant) internal rebel.  The payment for that rebellious indulgence would be great.
I didn’t study for an important exam and my failing grade on the computer screen was a glaring reminder.  When I asked for an extra credit assignment, the professor said he doesn’t believe in academic crutches.
Once again, my rebel girl surfaced.  My tongue rushed ahead of my brain and I impulsively commented, “…sounds more like you believe in personal job security, Professor Repeat.”
He did not take too kindly to my offhanded remark.  So, he gave my request further consideration and promptly, changed his mind.
“Ms. Stewart, I shudder to think you might leave here with such a low opinion of me, regardless of my exam policy being clearly noted in my syllabus.  Here…allow me to give you this one concession.  By all means, improve your grade – now or never,” Professor Asterid said as he pulled out a seat for me in front of another computer.
He reset the test and added six mandatory (no-points awarded) essay questions at the end regarding the importance of reading and understanding his syllabus.  I could either accept his generous offer to retake it now or accept a zero – my choice.
I still didn’t know the exam material or have time to retake the test without cutting into my next class.  But, as my g-mom would say, my mouth wrote the check and now, my tushie has to somehow cover it.
To make his point abundantly real to me, Professor Asterid would grade my new exam, personally while I stood uncomfortably and waited.  My score fell by eight points.  But, I still thanked him for the unexpected opportunity and commented about how much fun we’ll have together over the next semester.
By the time I found my seat in my next classroom, I had missed the entire lesson.  Students were already finishing up the comprehensive quiz she gives, post-lecture.  I didn’t have a prayer of getting a single answer correct because she doesn’t use a multiple choice format.  So, I wrote an apologetic note on the top and headed out to find someone to share their notes with me.
My friends had skipped her class that morning and were planning to get the material from me.  Finally, the last student who exited reluctantly offered to share hers, but I only had ten minutes to copy them down.  I snapped pictures with my cracked iPhone, instead and thanked her for helping me.
Later, I would learn that my iPhone didn’t focus, so the pictures were worthless.  And, it turns out my two professors are personal friends.  Professor Asterid explained why I had been detained in his class and not so shockingly, Professor Odell wasn’t interested in letting me borrow a PDF of the lecture.  So, I wound up paying good cash to copy the notes from another student with questionable writing skills.
I was sincerely looking forward to just painting backdrops and gathering costumes for the upcoming performance in my drama class.  After two failing grades in a row, some mindless tasks would be a welcomed diversion.  I quietly obsessed about my terrible morning and had a ‘pep talk’ with my wayward tongue – encouraging it to remain tame.
I had just begun pondering whether I should call off cheerleading practice this afternoon.  Given my luck, something serious could happen…
“Hello, Krista…come back…come back, wherever you are!” Marcus, my dramatics professor, called to me – interrupting my thoughts.
“Yikes, sorry.  I missed it…” I stated, praying my words at least semi-apply to his comment.
“I said, ‘…you’re up’.  I hope you’ve been studying the lines,” he said.
“I’m up what?” I responded in confusion.
“Dinah Lynn flaked on us this weekend.  I could hardly understand her message, but she’s not coming back…”
“She dropped your class?” I asked, incredulously.
“She withdrew from school.  So Miss Understudy, you’re it…do us proud.”
Smiling and shivering was the best I could do, by way of response.  Marcus agreed to let me begin rehearsals tomorrow.  I didn’t put much effort in when I tried out for this musical.  I also strongly hinted that I would like to work in the background and sit this one out.  I usually get some type of part and didn’t want my instructor to hand me one out of pity or obligation.  Marcus made me the understudy for the lead.
Dinah Lynn is an incredible actress and singer. I didn’t give my role much consideration.  History suggested that she’s a limelight hog and with her talent, front-and-center is precisely where she should be.
The other cast members clapped for my apparent triumph.  Then, they went back to what they were doing while I freaked out and attempted to juggle my commitments.  The screen on my phone resembled a spider’s web.  I was left mainly guessing about the events on my calendar.  But, I knew for sure the musical’s performances and my regional cheering competition were taking place during the same weekend.
Because my squad is the defending champions, I can request a specific timeslot.  But, I will be bouncing back and forth like a ping pong ball Friday-Sunday of that week.
On top of that unenviable position, I somehow need to memorize lines and know my part by tomorrow when I walk into this class.  Understudies don’t have understudies.  So, re-handing over the mantle is not going to be possible.  When I committed to being the understudy, I gave my word to memorize the lines just like I had the part.  The only time I had glanced over them though, was during drama classes and while the players were rehearsing.  Now, I will have to dig in and learn them in a hurry.
I headed to the mall and dropped off my broken cell phone at the kiosk to be repaired.  The guy apologetically revealed that he can’t have it back to me until tomorrow afternoon.  I declined his offer to activate a loaner phone.
This Monday is actually starting to turn around.  I now have a legitimate 24 hour excuse not to answer Lyle’s calls.
I ate a leisurely lunch by myself and memorized lines.  A relaxing afternoon and arriving at cheerleading practice before the others, made me feel better prepared.  I let everyone leave a few minutes early and they bolted for freedom.
Then, I knew cosmic justice was the real deal when I walked into the Den to work and Price practically shoved me out the door, demanding to cover my shift.
“I’m expecting someone and you can’t be here.  Deidra is so hot, she’s smokin’.  But, you’re not too bad either.  And, that shirt you’ve got on is bill-boarding your assets.  Oh please, let Deeds be wearin’ that same one…or smaller or tighter,” he informed me.
“Wait, what about Melissa??  You’re cheating…”
“Not me, her…Mel was kissing some strange guy last night when I showed up to surprise her…”
“Ouch, I’m sorry…”
“Don’t be.  And, don’t take this the wrong way, but beat it.  Deeds will be here anytime.  You can have one of my shifts later this week if you need to make up the money…”
“No, you can keep what you’ve got.  But let me give you a word of advice, don’t call her, “Deeds” or use any Pricely-endearing terms in reference to her body – like bill-boarding assets.  I would hate to see you chasing Smoke after getting your heart crushed by Mel.
“Oh and by the way, I’m happy to hear I’m not too bad either.  I exit knowing where I rate on your hotness scale.  Real vote of confidence…” I stated and would have continued giving him grief, but I saw Lyle’s car at the stoplight.
I unlocked my car and ducked down until the coast was clear.  My study group wasn’t scheduled to start for a few hours, but a few regulars were seated and smoking.  Audrey already had her nose in the books.  I wasn’t sure if she was studying early so she could vacate before my usual arrival or not.  So, I chose a couch near the other side and in the corner.  That way, if she does happen to be trying to avoid our encounter she can pretend to not see me.
My lines were proving more difficult to learn than I anticipated.  I refused to consider that it might be the smell of pot interfering with my memory.  An hour later and thoroughly engrossed in memorization, I missed it when Audrey approached.
“Hi, join me…” I offered without looking around and she gave me a puzzled look.
Unfortunately, all the seats around me were taken.  In fact one girl, who was feeling no pain, was lying in my lap.
“I’ll slide over a little if she wants to sit on your left leg…” my unknown lap mate stated with a smile.
“No, it’s good.  She’s an “all or nothing” type of lady,” I replied while I struggled to get to my feet and the unknown girl openly pouted.  “I’m a Santa substitute tonight and didn’t notice.  The smoke’s getting to my brain.  Let’s go, Audrey.  Comon’ – dinner’s on me…”
I had expected her to launch a protest of some type.  So, I was pleasantly surprised when she nodded and followed me to my car.
“This is so embarrassing…but, would you mind if I crash at your place for another night or two.  The couch I was planning to surf was already filled with two occupants,” Audrey inquired in an uncomfortable tone.
“No problem.  Couch surfing is typically a one person event.  Three goes well beyond maximum capacity,” I responded, lightheartedly.
“I really thought my mouth had gotten me booted from my previous digs.  But apparently, lack of rental payments leaves the landlord wanting.  The weed heads I was sharing the space with, didn’t even bother giving her my rent that I paid on time…”
“That really sucks.  You give them a piece of your mind?”
“Nah, why bother?  It’s not like I’ll ever see my money back.  The only result of yelling would be to further frustrate me.  An apology doesn’t quite cut it in this case.
“They’re good guys, but I knew when I moved in they were irresponsible.  I was distracted when Anthony said he was collecting money because it was ‘his turn’ to pay the rent.  In a way, it was partially my fault.
“I found a new place, but it’s gonna be a bit before the space is open.  The campus has already repaired the formerly unlocked window in the shed I was bunking in.  I saw a locksmith’s van parked beside it today.  Another unauthorized move-in will have to wait until the heat’s off…”
I switched to a more casual subject until we started eating dinner.  I can’t keep sneaking Audrey in every night.  The walls are thin in the house.  This morning Neen asked me about my terrible nightmare because according to her, I screamed loud enough to rouse her from a dead sleep.  Also, my sisters are used to knocking and then, entering without waiting on my permission.  I always dress in the bathroom.  So, I have never had any reason to deny them access.  They look to me for advice or a shoulder to cry on, all hours of the day and night.  That’s why my trundle bed stays prepared and on the ready.
“Oh, do we need to swing by somewhere and pick up your bags?  I remember you said something about them not being available at night,” I inquired, gently easing into the topic.
“They’re in the trunk of my friend’s car.  She said I could just call her and she’d let me know where to come.  I hope you don’t mind giving me a ride.  I have her cell number, but she doesn’t live on campus.  She works close, though…awww, she’s probably already home because she has two little kids and I’m…” Audrey rambled, nervously before I interrupted her.
“Hey, it’s all good.  I’ve got gas and a road trip is the least of my worries.  But, let’s just finish eating.  We’ll call your friend and work out the details, after.  All the ‘Hookah’ gives me the munchies…
“So, is your new apartment on campus?” I sprung the question on her and then, motioned for the waitress.
It typically helps to give a terrified deer some perceived space before being forced to answer a question.  The waitress refilled our drinks and I thanked her.
“Now, where were we?  Oh yeah, you were telling me all about your new apartment,” I said.
“The room I’m gonna be renting is three miles from campus.  But, with four roomies that have different class schedules I should be able to catch a ride,” Audrey replied.
“Well, if you get jammed up, just call me.  Oh wait, you can’t do that without my number and you can’t do that until tomorrow afternoon, anyway.  My phone somehow got caught up in an adventure and shattered.”
“I heard something about that…”
“Roomies isn’t code language for weed-heads, by any chance?”
“In this case, four roomies means four strangers who live in a house together.  They don’t hang out or socialize.  They don’t like parties in their environment, but none seem opposed to partying, as long as it happens elsewhere.
“My four strangers said hello to me and all asked me about how I plan to pay the rent.  Not a single one asked me a personal question.  I sorta invented the truth about having a job.  I’ve been using financial aid to keep up my bills while I’m searching.  It’s hard to find a position without a permanent address.  I was just beginning to consider placing a mailbox outside the shed and label it 101 ½ University Way when the idea got involuntarily nixed…” she announced with a hint of sarcastic humor.
“I’m sorry, again.  I wonder how long it would’ve taken security to notice the new lawn decoration…”
“Less than a day…I know from experience.  They make the rounds every morning between 4:10 and 4:40.  Sometimes the younger security officer hides behind the building to smoke and do other unsavory things.  I’ve never known anyone to need an hour long cigarette break.  And, I heard strange noises coming from his smart phone…”
“I’m getting the Polaroid, no need to keep going,” I announced and made a gagging noise.
“Don’t blame you for not wanting to share in the memory.  Sadly, there’s no erasing it because I was hidden between the bushes and the building on one night in particular.  At least, I couldn’t see the actual performance, even though I did get to hear everything.  It was either, remain still and suffer in silence or get caught.  I wasn’t much inclined to get placed in handcuffs by Triple-X Barney Fife.  So, I opted for permanent mental scarring and stayed incognito.”
“Oh gross, young Barney walked me to my door a few evenings ago and shook my hand.  Oh please Creator, tell me he practices safe, sanitary and effective hand-washing methods.
“Well, here’s some news that will hopefully lead to a subject change.  I might have a line on a job for you.  I know moving is a time-consuming pain.  So, when do you think you could start if I put a good word in for you?”
 “I could start right away!  My room won’t be ready for three weeks, but I don’t have much to move.  In fact, what we pick up from Marie is everything I own…
“Don’t worry, though.  I’m not asking to spend three weeks at your house.  I know there’s a rule and I have other friends.  I just didn’t have time, today to ask around.  I need a couple of nights, at most.  Or, even one might be enough.  Then, I swear, I’ll be out of your hair,” she stated in a rush.
The deer was back and ready to bolt from the scene.
“It’s all good, remember?  We’re talking about a job.  I turned in my notice at the Java Den.  It’s a great place to work.  Even Price Richards, he’s the owners’ son, isn’t too obnoxious to work with, although he is a lazy slacker.  You can tell him I said that.  He and I have that kind of relationship…” I offered, humorously.
“His name is Price?” she responded using levity too.
That is a good sign.
“I’ve called him Price Reduced before and he really hated it – go figure?  His parents are offsite owners.  The manager tells them every move the employees make…with the notable exception of their son’s.  I think Mavis is concerned about getting him in hot water and the awkward position that would put her in.  His mom and dad live in Oregon, I believe.  So, they don’t drop-in.
“But, the reason I was asking about your four strangers is the store does perform random drug testing on its employees.  They have screened me a handful of times in the two years I’ve worked there.  Seems addicts gravitate towards inadequately funded jobs in the caffeine sales industry.  Should you too elect to labor in the exciting java world, you will have to sit at the right rear corner of the Hookah lounge, near the ceiling exhaust to study.”
“I don’t smoke anything, ever.  The Hookah study group is the safest late night option available.  I used to frequent the library, until I walked in on a girl getting attacked in the bathroom.  The guy pummeled me so hard when he was trying to escape that I got knocked out, cold.  The girl who was getting attacked didn’t even bother to see if I was okay before she fled the scene.  I’m the living embodiment of the platitude…no good deed goes unpunished.
“Ya’ know I was really miffed at Old Girl for taking off.  I mean, it’s not like she can pretend like nothing happened with her clothes all torn to shreds, etcetera.  But, no one knows what they’ll do in that type of a situation until it happens.  I couldn’t stay mad at her for long because I usually cut and run, too – if the stress is too much for me to handle.  I don’t have a home or a student ID, although I do take classes at our school.  She probably didn’t want the hassle of cops, questions and the sympathy stares.
“I forced myself to stay awake all night after it happened, worried that I’d slip into a coma.  But, I later overheard one of our friendly Hookah football players say that his friend’s doctor told him to rest and not think about anything after he got a concussion during practice.  It’s sad when I’m taking third-hand medical advice from a chemically impaired, football player.  I couldn’t risk going to the school’s infirmary.  I’m not the most trusting person, anyway but do-gooders, like nurse practitioners, tend to inadvertently mess up my life…” Audrey offered and glanced at me.
“All us do-gooders are hapless, but well-meaning,” I revealed, sheepishly and prepared to explain my actions.  “However, I didn’t rain on your parade doing anything good.  I was…”
“I know what you were attempting.  And, I hate to point this out, but it doesn’t do much good to make a mad dash from a football player that got his star hung up for his ability to run.”
So, true…so, true.

Chapter Five

Meeting my sorority sisters couldn’t be avoided this time.  I introduced everyone available to Audrey.  They looked at her with warmish smiles and judgmental eyes.  Audrey returned the favor.
Once she was in the shower, I returned downstairs to face the sorority inquisition.
“Where did you meet her?” Linnsey started.
“We study together…”
“Who is she?” Anise inquired.
“A close friend…sorta like my cousin.”
“When can we expect our lost soul to depart our housing scene?” Demi asked, sarcastically.
“Sooner than the policy allows…”
“Speaking of policy, how could you invite a guest, without asking for clearance, first?” Becca questioned me.
Hers was the most expected inquiry.  Becca is our resident worrier and considers the house rules sacred, like the tablets brought down from the mountain.
“It was kind of an emergency…” I hedged.
“Why do you feel obligated?” Neen asked, reading between the lines and putting me on the spot.
“It’s not like that…” I attempted to dodge – my g-mom taught me to initially use a dodge when suddenly dunked in hot water.
My sisters started talking, simultaneously, but Neen interrupted them.
“Quiet, girls.  So tell us Krista, what’s it like?”
“Wait, are you and Ryan still having problems?” I tried my hand at deflecting.
G-mom’s number two option if number one meets in failure.
“That’s beside the matter…what…” Neen stated before I interjected.
“This situation with Lyle has me completely out-of-sorts…” I tried distraction and added an injured facial expression.
That finally did the trick.  My sisters were overjoyed to share the previous night’s happenings.  They were equally pleased to announce Lyle waited “practically all night” to see me.
After fielding the standard round of questions about where I was, how I got by everyone without being detected and what time I came home, I reminded them that we have a guest in the house.  I had sincerely hoped they would let Audrey go to bed, but my sisters were curious to get to know her.  So, I returned to my room and crossed my fingers.
“Did you have a nice shower?” I inquired with a little too much enthusiasm.
“Um, it was like all showers…” she replied.
“Great…my sisters are waiting downstairs…for you…I mean us…they want to talk…and, they sort of got the impression that you’re my cousin.  I told them we study together and we’re close like cousins.  They just heard cousins and ran with it.  I hope you don’t mind.
“Our B&E history makes us close by definition.  It’s like a code among thieves…not that we stole anything.  But, I used the words “close” and “cousin” together in the same discussion without thinking much about them…” I rambled.
“It’s alright…I don’t mind being known as your close cousin.  Let’s just get this over with…” Audrey said.
Two hours later, we finally were dismissed and permitted to go to bed.
“You couldn’t have told them that I was your ultra-private cousin who moonlights as a spy/mime, huh?” she questioned me, comically.
 “I’ve never seen them take to anyone, the way they did with you.  I’ve also never witnessed anyone quite so adept at saying nothing and making it sound like something.  Your privacy is still very much, intact…you don’t have anything to worry about,” I told her.
The comment about her ability to spew convincing B.S. was trekking into little white lie territory.  She is more of a hard-shelled, people-pleaser.  Fabricating is definitely not her strong suit.
Fortunately, her target audience wasn’t listening, as much as they were sizing her up.  They were mentally busy judging whether or not she is Alpha material.  I can’t blame my sisters for casting judgments because most of them only bring home female guests they deem pledge-worthy.
Audrey had made a good impression.  She was wearing the name brand pajamas we procured last night.  They still had creases like she had ironed them.  She had also applied lip gloss and French braided her hair to sleep in.  So, Audrey was awarded three sisterhood-potential points for bedtime fashion and nocturnal grooming.
Her scorecard stalled when they started asking her personal questions about her family, major, graduate school selection and which charity she would most like to sponsor.  But, she recovered in the end, with stories of her quasi-fiancée, Dante, who happens to be the drummer in a local (also quasi) popular band.
I was watching her body language and listening carefully, throughout.  Most, if not all of what she revealed to them about herself, was complete fiction.  Her body language only matched her comments when she was talking about Dante.
“Sorry…” she whispered, out of the blue after a few minutes of silence.
“Sorry about what?” I asked at a loss.
“You must think I’m a big B.S. artist…”
“Nah, we’re all strangers.  So, I’m not stunned by your decision to keep most of your business private.  But, I am still trying to figure out how a girl can have a quasi-fiancée.  It might help me out of my current predicament if you would be willing to share the knowledge,” I stated, changing the subject slightly to make her feel more comfortable.
“The more famous Dante gets, the more his memory fades.  He forgets that he’s part of ‘our couple’ when his groupie ratio hits more than 50 to 1.  Don’t think that’s gonna help you much with your predicament.  Does your football star suffer from the same type of mental limitation?”
“I wish…”
“You wish he would forget you two are an item??” she asked, incredulously.
“It’s complicated.  We broke up.  So, I just wish everyone could forget our history or let the subject drop.”
“It must be hard on you…seeing him at all the games…wondering who he might get with next…knowing what might’ve been,” Audrey reflected, leaping to the same conclusion as everyone else had made.
“I’ll admit it’s been difficult.  He’s a member of our fraternal brotherhood equivalent, too.  We attend the same games and social functions.  Unless I revamp my entire life, we’re going to keep bumping into each other.”
“That’s really tough.  Oh, by the way, I’m not stalking you or him.  I know you’re a cheerleader because you wear your uniform on game days and he’s the MVP on campus.  I’ve been bunking in 101 ½ since the end of July.  My original goal was to save up and have a place before school started.  Then, I lost my job the same week the landlord asked me and the weed-heads to vacate.
“Living with Dante isn’t an option, right now.  The band decided to sacrifice their actual housing structure to live in their van back in April – ya’ know, more money free to spend on their equipment.
“They’re serious about making it big and who knows, they might end up with a recording contract.  He swears he’ll marry me the day it happens…” Audrey said.
She spent the next thirty minutes telling me about Dante – his plans, his band’s upcoming (almost non-existent) schedule and how they plan to spend their first million as a married rocker couple.  I listened to her dream, big and smiled in wonder.  Her life sounds like an Ember-intrigue.
One tear betrayed me and slid down my cheek.  I miss my sister…
Although it was 3:14 in the morning, I still automatically reached for my phone to send Ember a message.  Then, I remembered where my phone was and made a mental note to text her, the instant I get it back.  We need to schedule a time for lunch or even a marathon gossip session on the phone would satisfy me at this point.
Audrey was still talking about Dante when her alarm sounded.
“I’ve kept you up all night…wow, where did the time go?” she offered, sounding embarrassed.
“You weren’t the only one gabbing.  It’s been fun.  My life was in a constant flux of intrigue the whole time I was growing up.  Slavery to the ‘Tic-Toc Monster’ was frowned upon severely.  There are days I do nothing but, wish for one more year of high school.  So much fun, so little responsibility…”
“My high school years weren’t what I’d call easy, but I survived my family…” Audrey inadvertently revealed something personal.
She instantly clammed up and I watched her wrap her arms around herself, protectively.  I quickly offered her a personal item of interest.
“Well, I have a large and unique family.  You’ve heard me talk about my g-mom, but my other g-mom, Grandma Edie is quite a character, as well.  Besides my two g-moms’ who provide their versions of respective parenting to me, I have two sets of parents, three sisters and three insanely, overly protective brothers…” I told her and stopped talking.
She winced when I mentioned my brothers, so I subtly shifted the topic.
“Oh, speaking of my g-moms’, I promised them I would eat actual meals more often.  I don’t give my word, lightly.  But, I hate eating alone…
“You’ve probably seen me take off in the wee hours with my running buddy.  Well, my g-moms’ somehow discovered that I was churning out a daily five-mile dash without any calories to fuel it.  That puts me in danger of hosting two additional house guests.  They wouldn’t mind sharing that full-sized bed with you while simultaneously parenting the two of us.  So, how about helping me, and yourself out, by joining me for breakfast…”
“I’ll only agree if you’ll let me, treat…” Audrey replied and waited to see if I would fail her test.
“I’ll have you know that I’ve never bugged out on a free meal.  Where do you wanna take me?”
Although Audrey was used to walking to the diner, I had received the messages sent to me from the Creator.  We took my car and must have arrived before her usual time.
“Morning Audrey…your reservation is still thirty minutes from now, but luckily, your table is already available.  And, who’s this young lady?” the waitress inquired.
“Hi Jules…this is my friend, Krista,” Audrey told her, still giggling from her reservation comment.
After greetings and introductions, we ordered breakfast.  I would typically select oatmeal and fruit, but this excursion is Audrey’s way of giving me a pity test.  She wants to see if I feel sorry for her or view her as a friend and equal.  So, I ordered such a large meal that not even my big, big brother Tray could finish eating.
“These eggs are incredible…” I offered while shoving in another forkful.
“Yeah, it’s the bacon grease…ssshhh, chef’s secret,” she joked.
“I bet I’ve been by this place at least, a hundred times, but I swear, I don’t remember seeing it before…”
“You’d be shocked at how many people say that when they come in.  I used to keep count, but finally gave it up.  This diner thrives on regulars.  See that old guy, sitting at the counter?  His name is X…at least, that’s what we call him.
“Jules introduced us when I became a regular, frequent diner.  X never learned to write, but he needed a signature.  So, he decided if an X is good enough for government papers, then it’s good enough to be known by.  His wife died last year.  Before her passing, she came in with him every morning.
“The guy cooking is Forrest.  He’s been driving that grill since he was a tike…well, that’s the best I can get out of him…” Audrey continued telling me about each person in the diner.
Like the Hookah lounge, they were a hodgepodge collection of people with different stories and lives.  Jules sat down with us when she took her break.  She drank coffee and we shared generic versions of our life stories.  I noticed again that Audrey winced when I talked about my brothers.  She also flinched when Jules brought up the subject of her dad.  I made a mental note to steer clear of any topics that involve her family.
“Breakfast was delicious and I really appreciate it.  I’ve gotta go…the dreaded “M” word classes.  Oh, you’re welcome to meet me in the gym, anytime between 4 and 6 this afternoon to catch a ride.  Well, that is if you don’t mind swinging by the house before our study group, so I can catch a quick shower and change.
“If you’ve got other plans, we can…”
“No, I’ll be there.  And, thanks for…everything,” she stated, hesitantly.
“You’ve got a great chosen family, here.  Between the warm, homey atmosphere and the delectable chef’s secret eggs, they’re the ones we should both be thanking…”
My comments set Audrey at ease.  And, the twenty dollar tip I secretly slipped to Jules prompted her to spontaneously hug me.  My g-moms, my moms and all three of my sisters are huggers.  I gratefully accepted Jules’ embrace and prayed that my phone would be fixed by 3 pm.  It was the only time I had available to go get it, today and I want to call home.  Hearing anyone’s voice in my family will be sufficient.
Only half-ready with my lines and in dire need of practicing my solos, I cringed when Professor Marcus critiqued my performance.  Although he wasn’t entirely negative, he did suggest that I fit in many extra rehearsals.
I was forced to change in the mall restroom for cheerleading practice because of an unscheduled meeting with the football coaches.  I have thirty minutes to get back to campus.  That only gives me a five minute leeway, but I am determined to retrieve my cell phone.  My mind was occupied with who I could get to cover for me at the Den tonight, because it is very likely that I will be pounding out a three mile commitment run after practice.
Stuffing my street-clothes into my backpack, I knocked over a stroller in my rush to exit.  The contents of an open diaper bag spilled to the filthy floor.  Fortunately, the accompanying baby was safely located on the changing table.  I apologized to the mom who looked irritated with my interference.  I offered to pick up the displaced items, but she declined.
“I’ll need to sanitize everything, now…” she reminded me in a huff.
I highly doubted she would trust me to sanitize her things or hold her baby during the process.  So, I said sorry again and turned to leave.  Agitated with myself and still running late, I shoved the door open.  I managed to terrify the elderly lady who was preparing to enter.  She grabbed her chest in fear.
The apology was automatic as I reached to keep her from falling.  The peeved mom loudly commented that I should watch where I’m going.  The older lady must have taken offense because she stated that she is perfectly fine.  After calling me “dear” and “sweet pea” several times to make me feel better, the kind woman advised me to run all I can while I’m young and able-bodied.
My five minute leeway was exhausted.  Mentally calculating the seconds, I juggled through my purse to find my debit card.  I only shifted my gaze for a second, but my cosmic payment was due and owed by me.  I plowed into the wall.  The contents of my purse went flying.  Ironically enough, my debit card was perched on top of the pile – taunting me. Not bothering to look around and see who might have witnessed my collision, I dove for the ground to collect my belongings.
“Here, lemme help…” the guy, who I evidently crashed into, declared.
“Oh my gosh, I thought you were a brick wall!  Sorry, I didn’t mean…” was all I got out.  Then, I realized who I was apologizing to.
Tray nearly crushed me in a bear hug and then, doubled over in laughter.  Jaysen, who was sitting in a chair with his back to us, stood up, figured out what occurred and laughed hysterically.  But, the young guy at the kiosk was doing his best not to join them.
“It’s all good, Cell Phone Fixer…these are my two big brothers, Brick and Brack…” I said, giving him permission to join in the moment of levity.  
“You two could’ve given me a head’s up…” I announced to Tray and Jaysen.
“Brick and I could say the same about you…” Jaysen replied after giving me a hug.
“Huh?” I asked.
“We’ve been looking for you all day.  You realize the GPS on your phone went ‘tactical black’ at 5:03 this morning.  You coulda borrowed a cell, called someone and told us your phone was broken…” Tray told me.
“Ember contacted me at 5:04 am in an all-out state of panic.  She has been involved in chairing non-stop meetings and was unable to call you due to her schedule.  My beloved has been missing you, tremendously,” Jaysen offered.
“I’m gonna repeat this…you shoulda come home during summer break.  Ember isn’t the only member of your family that’s been upset over not seeing you in months…” Tray declared, interrupting Jaysen.
“Excuse me, Captain Obvious, need I remind you that repeating the same information only serves to make her feel guilty over something she cannot change…” Jaysen told him.
“The C.O. title belongs to you, right now.  I’m shooting for guilt because I don’t want her to bail on us over the holidays.  You really wanna try making it through them without our baby sister being there…” Tray responded.
Jaysen suddenly realized he should be siding with Tray.  They worked in concert to convince me.  If they would let me get a word in edgewise, I would tell them they have nothing to worry about.  I plan to come home during every break, from this day on.
Everyone in my family missed me over the summer.  But, I assume Ember was nearly inconsolable because I was too.  We are closer than conjoined twins.
The difference between our last summer experience is I fell apart mostly in private; whereas, she fell apart in front of them.  Anytime she loses it her husband and her dad come unglued too.
“You can both take a breath.  I’m not gonna bail again – I swear.  But realize this – all of you had only me to miss.  I had a house full…” I said.
I had planned to make another snarky comment or two, but I was fighting to keep my emotions in check.
“As I was saying, before Tray interrupted me, Ember stated she had been anxious over you since precisely 3:14 am – our time.  Given the business she happened to be engaged in, she could only send you a text message.  You did not respond.
“For reasons still unknown to me, Ember did not alert me to the fact that she was worried about you until nearly two hours later.  The instant your cell phone was no longer operational she somehow knew, even though she is located in my “country of origin”.  By the time she made me aware of her concerns, she was nearly hysterical because, according to her, our little sister must be in trouble.
“After promising her that Tray and I would check on you, we discover you are nowhere to be found.  Ember has been tearful and frightened all day.  I must call her and you need to explain what occurred…” Jaysen revealed, formally.
My sister must be tied up and can’t travel back here to panic with them in person.
Jaysen handed me his cell.  He and Tray would listen in, as I worked to calm Ember down, remotely.
“Oh Krista, my Krista…I love you.  Are you okay?  What happened??” she nearly shrieked and I pulled the phone away from my ear.
“I love you, too and I’m fine, my Ember…”
“Did they find you??”
“Yes, they found me…I’m on your husband’s cell…”
“I was worried sick!”
“I didn’t know you were worried…”
“They’ve been looking for you, everywhere!”
“I didn’t know that either…”
“You do realize they use the GPS on your cell to keep tabs on you, right??”
“Actually, I don’t recall being told that they were using my cell to track my movements…”
“Well, they do and they are and they’re gonna keep doing it, too because it makes me feel better.  But, it only works, when it works and you don’t leave it somewhere without you being there or you just letting the battery go dead without the charger…
“That college is way too big, if you can hide from them and me, distantly.  I don’t like it!”
“I wasn’t hiding from them or you, distantly…”
“What happened at exactly 3:14 in the morning??”
“Someone said something and it made me think of you.  I was going to send you a text.  But, my phone wasn’t with me…”
“I’m a few worlds away, but you know that doesn’t matter.  You were heartbroken and I felt your pain and I was heartbroken, too.  I sent you a text every minute for two solid hours and you didn’t respond with anything…”
“I’m sorry.  I should’ve remembered my soul sister would feel my pain.  I promise that I was going to text you the minute I got my phone back…”
“How’d it get destroyed, anyway?” she asked through sniffles and tears.
“I’ll explain everything tonight when I call you…” I responded and bit down on my lower lip.
If I start sobbing, Tray and Jaysen will probably shanghai me and deliver me to the Ava’shay realm to be with her. 
“Do I need to order my dad to put a rainbow bubble shield around you, my Krista??  I’ll do it…”
“No, you don’t have to order him to put me in a bubble…I’m safe.”
“Take the loaner, if this ever happens again…”
“The next time, I will…”
“There must be 5000 women at this Auxiliary Conference.  I’ve been working hard to control my tears.  But, I think they’ve noticed that…”
“Hold up!  You’re standing in front of a crowd of 5000 people and you’re talking to me on the phone??”
“I ducked down and I’m hiding behind the podium, for your information.  But, I’ve been chairing this monstrosity and trying to keep my voice from shaking.  It always does that when I’m upset…”
“Well, you can stop crying, now because I’m fine.  I’ll explain tonight…”
“I’ll drop whatever I’m doing.  No texting…”
“I promise I’ll call.  I miss you and I wanna hear your voice, too.  We’ll talk intrigues and facts, then.  So, continue with the monstrosity and tell all 5000 ladies that I’m sorry for upsetting their fearless leader…”
“I really, really love you, my Krista…”
“And, I really, really love you, my Ember…”
“Tell my dad and Jaysen that I miss them and I love them and I appreciate them tracking you down.  Then, give them each a hug and a kiss from me.”
“I’ll perform your standard parting ritual and tell them, but only if you share my apologies and stop worrying about me…” I offered and she agreed.
We said “goodbye” and I handed Jaysen back his cell phone.  I kept my word to her before I did anything else.
“Lemme pay this guy and then, we’ll…” I said to Tray and Jaysen.
“It’s already been handled.  Here, notice the new case your phone’s been housed inside.  Willow refused to let me buy the indestructible military grade one because apparently, it’s “too ugly to be useful”.  I’m still not sure what that means.  Function should outweigh fashion…” Tray commented.
“Umm…even a pink camouflage phone case would get me kicked out of the house I’m currently living in.  Remind me to thank Willow the next time I see her,” I responded comically, admiring the beautiful jeweled case surrounding my iPhone.
“What happened to your phone?  Jim tells us the screen was shattered when you brought it in and nearly beyond the point of repair,” Jaysen inquired, worriedly.
“It had an encounter with a concrete floor during an adventure…oh wait…I’ve got less than 10 minutes to get to practice!” I exclaimed and prepared to take off running.
“Whoa, kiddo!  Show us where your car’s parked and give me the keys.  We’ll drive it back to campus…” Tray said.
“We will take care of getting you there, punctually,” Jaysen stated, offering to trans-verse me.
Trans-versing is spiritual traveling and that only takes a second.  
“We’ll walk together and you can give us the rundown of what’s happening…” Tray said and headed to the parking deck.
I swiftly explained that I dropped my phone while exploring the maintenance shed.  And, they looked at me suspiciously.
“Here’s my car…” I told them, but they were still perplexed by my exploration choice.  So, I explained in terms they could understand.  “My life has become too predictable.  I was desperate for an unscheduled pit stop in the dark.  That’s the best I could do…”
We landed in the gymnasium at 3:57, hidden behind a veil.  The squad was stretching and watching the clock.  They are anticipating being released early because that’s a condition if I arrive late.  But, I let them leave early yesterday.  Our competition is coming up.  We can’t afford to skip anymore practice time…not if we want to win.  I need to table my talk with Jaysen and Tray until after practice.
Evidently my brothers can read between the lines.  They hugged me and kissed me on the forehead.
“We’re sending you just outside the door to make an entrance.  Then, we’ll go back to the mall and get your car,” Tray told me.
“Upon our return, we will wait in the bleachers behind a veil.  Once your practice ends, then we will talk…” Jaysen stated.
“Agreed…”
The squad groaned, collectively when I walked in smiling, with a minute to spare.  I had already scared my brothers enough for one day.  So, I made a management decision to avoid practicing the full routines with the dangerous aerial stunts.
“We’re gonna mix things up, today.  We’ll cover the integrative crowd routines, mirrored tumbling and only the ground work for nationals…” I announced.
Everyone was stunned by my selection.  They started questioning me, simultaneously.
“Hold up!  We’re headed into spirit week.  Did my Cheer Babies somehow forget that our big game against our rivals, LVU happens next Thursday during spirit week??” I inquired.
“Who could forget their cute tight end, Lamar??” Tess questioned.
“I’m feelin’ that, Cheer Baby Sis.  Lamar earned that position with that fine, fine tight end of his…” Zahara agreed.
“Ewwww…Z.Z.,” Piper offered.
“Alright, enough…Coach Nullis is still smarting over our losing streak against LVU.  They have to be taken down, at all costs and we’ve gotta do our part.  Those were the head coach’s words…” I told them.
“So, does he expect us to perform a cheering tackle??” Clarice asked and snickered.
“Zahara will tackle Lamar for Nullis…right, Z.Z.??” Jarron commented to Zahara.
“You be thinkin’ that’s a joke you’re makin’.  But, I know how to take down a tight end…” she replied, licking her lips.
“Again, ewwww…” Piper declared.
“Listen up…Coach N. has also invited some hot shot high school quarterback to check out our program.  His name is Freddie, something or other.  He’s spending Wednesday night on campus and then, he’s getting the VIP team treatment at the game.  All our coaches believe winning against LVU is a matter of life or death.  You all know how they get. 
  “I felt brain cells expiring from their football analogies.  So, under severe duress, I promised them we’d keep the crowd hyped up, no matter what the scoreboard’s displaying.  I was thinking we’d pull out all the stops and use our X-2-S plan on Friday.  Who’s up for the competition?” I questioned, slyly.
“You mean it??” Tess squealed.
“We’re really gonna do it…not just talk about it??” Zahara asked, eagerly.
“I told you we’d eventually compete and now’s the time…” I revealed before I was interrupted.
The squad started talking, simultaneously.  They are all excited about pulling off this impromptu event.
“I guess I should’ve waited to bring up our ‘X-2-S competition’ until after practice!  We need to get busy…” I ordered.
“But…” Tess tried to say.
“But…nothing.  Gals, you know the dress code, the rules and how we’ll keep score.  Guys, you know to blend in, take videos but don’t get caught being “with us”.  Competition ‘X-2-S.’ will be held sometime Friday evening.  I’ll text the details, so everyone keep your phones handy…” I told them.
After reminding them about our pact to keep our competition a secret, I made everyone warm-up.
I had an ulterior motive for initiating the competition.  Coach Wibley called me into the head coach’s office under the pretense of discussing the squads’ routines for the game against our rivals.  It’s not unusual for Coach Nullis to make special cheering requests.  Coach Wibley informed me about Freddie on our short walk to the gym.  Unsuspecting, I had no idea I was headed into an ambush…
Coach Nullis must have figured his snide remarks and nasty looks in passing weren’t getting the message across.  Their confusing meeting started out with, how I need to be more of a (wink/wink – nod/nod) “team player”.  Twirling a strand of hair, I offered them the most perplexing stare I could conjure.
When I didn’t appear to understand, they ventured where no football coaches have ever gone.  They proceeded to give me advice on how to improve my “girlfriend game”.  They remained out of harassment territory by beating around the bush and using politically correct language.  Their innuendoes, delivered through thinly veiled football analogies, were providing basic (although indirect) instructions on ways for me to become a football champion-worthy girlfriend.
If I had the time, I would have asked them a slew of suggestive and amusing questions, just to watch them squirm.  It would have made my moms’ and sisters’ giggle on the recount.  But unfortunately, my phone was waiting and took priority.  However, I did make a mental entry to corner them both, at the most inopportune time I could discover, and pester them for clarification on this meeting.  Maybe, I will approach them at half-time during the LVU game…
Although I respectfully listened, I kept glancing at my watch and maintaining my vacant expression.
Coach Wibley took over and subtly suggested that “Stick might end it all…” if he loses me.  Coach N. agreed through affirmative gesture.  That dramatic statement was a stretch of monumental proportions.  Fighting to keep my empty expression, I struggled to contain the resulting laughter.  There is no way either one of those coaches, actually believe that declaration.  I am nothing special to Lyle, the ultimate rich playboy.  I am, at best, a temporary and faint blip on his college radar.
No matter what my facial expression was conveying, I wasn’t buying…they caught on, quickly.
In what I can only assume was severe annoyance, Coach N. accused me of “playing mind games with his star player”.  Breaking my silent streak, I spontaneously replied with, “…what mind?”  Lyle would have found that comment hilarious.  The humor was lost on the coaches, but my unexpected comment did momentarily distract them from their pulpit.  I used it to my advantage.
I told them, “Oh, I think I get it!” before I launched into a rambled speech of my own.  I refused to let them get a word in edgewise.
Walking towards the door, I promised we would keep the crowd pumped up and into the game no matter what was on the scoreboard.
They were both on their feet, preparing their next combined play to stall me until my stubborn streak ended.  In desperation, I swore my squad would pull off a legendary stunt that would never be forgotten and made my escape.
Regrettably, it doesn’t take long in my world for poetic justice to take its course.  The joke I made about Lyle’s empty cranium was about to come and bite me in the backside.  Audrey appeared right after practice started and I had forgotten all about her.
“Is it okay for me to sit in here?” she inquired, noticing the empty gym.
“Sure, but we’ll be cheering until 6 sharp.  Are you okay waiting?” I asked while I continued stretching to stay warmed-up.
“No problem…”
I tumbled, barked orders and danced in sync, all the while I was worried about how I was going to handle Audrey and talk to my brothers.  Jaysen and Tray can’t unveil in front of her for one thing.  And, I have already inconvenienced them, tremendously.
My brothers’ are crowned princes, who rule over the two massive Ava’shay Houses in earth’s realm.  Although I don’t know the particulars of what they do, they are always and forever, busy.  My brothers had to cancel every item on their royal-affairs agendas, at the last minute, to come looking for me.
Ember, Tray and Jaysen were terrified for my safety.  The least my brothers’ deserve is my time after practice.  Before I could figure out what to do about either of those two messes, I happened to remember that I am also scheduled to work until closing at the Java Den.  I can’t split myself into three pieces.  Frustrated and near tears, I was getting ready to have an emotional meltdown.  Then, something occurred to me.  Maybe, Tray or Jaysen can channel something to help me.
I excused myself and told the squad to continue practicing.  I ran into the locker room and sent a quick text to Tray.  He and Jaysen met me.  My hurried explanation was muddled and frantic, but they somehow understood my predicaments.
“I forgot to get someone to cover my shift at work.  Audrey doesn’t have a car.  She staying with me, for the moment…I’ll explain that to you.  Well, I will if I can figure out something to do with her and find someone to cover.  This is insane!  Audrey desperately needs a job and I’m struggling just to keep my commitment to work a two week notice.
“And, my team is going to send a search party if I don’t get back soon.  I know I’ve already bugged you both enough, but is there anything you can do to help,” I begged.
“We followed Audrey in, overheard the discussion and surmised you might have need of our assistance…” Jaysen stated.
“Just drive her to the Java Den and make her go inside.  The rest will take care of itself.  We’ll be waiting beside your car when you leave.
“Now, go!  We can’t afford to get you busted goofing around in the office when you’ve been relentlessly, crackin’ the whip.  It’s grounds for passive mutiny, Madame Dictator…” Tray said, comically before they disappeared behind their veil again.

Chapter Six

Audrey and I arrived at the Java Den.  She looked at me in curiosity.  I’m sure she is trying to figure out why I brought her to work with me.  She must realize that I can’t work in my sweaty clothes.  But, she didn’t ask me a single question.
I had no idea how Tray and Jaysen plan to fix this mess I accidentally created, but I trust my brothers.
“Hey, comon’…” I invited and she reluctantly, followed me inside.
Sure enough, everything would work itself out.
Audrey walked through the door in a state of total confusion.  Then, her eyes lit up in understanding.  It was almost as if the Creator silently explained what was happening and personally hired her.  She waltzed behind the counter, punched in, grabbed an apron and even thanked me for giving her a ride to work.
Mavis thanked me, too.  Evidently, she is grateful that I found a competent replacement and believes Audrey will make a great employee.  No application…no interview…no introductions…no calling references.  They didn’t even know each other’s names when we walked in, at least to my knowledge.
My brothers are miracle workers!
When I left, Mavis was showing Audrey the ropes.  They called each other by name.  Everything was handled, as promised.
I was so relieved I started crying.  After ducking into Subway’s restroom and washing my face, I went out to my car to meet Tray and Jaysen.  I tossed them the keys and jumped into the backseat.  It felt wonderful to close my eyes and let someone else do the driving.
“I’m not even going to bother asking how you two did it.  Just know that you both have my eternal gratitude.  Now, all I’ve gotta do is figure out how to obtain spiritual abilities of any type, channel a veil and keep Audrey behind it for another twenty days.
“That would actually be easier than convincing my sorority sisters to let her bunk with me for that long.  I’m only allowed three overnight guest passes in all four years of college…” I told them on the way home.
“Consider it, already handled…” Jaysen stated, casually.
“No, I’ve caused enough trouble for…” I attempted to say, but Tray interrupted me.
“I’d suggest you shower before you start sweating the details…”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you might be hinting around that I smell offensive…” I replied.
“Hey Tray, did you hear that??  Our little sister just accused you of being subtle.  The sky must surely be falling…” Jaysen joked.
Standing at a muscular and formidable 6’9’’, Tray’s impressive build makes him larger than life.  So, Jaysen’s observation was hilarious.
They continued their humorous exchanges of insults, in true male fashion.  Totally content, I silently listened as they continued their bantering during the ride.
I showered and changed at the speed of light.
“Night ladies…got things and places…I’ll be back late…” I announced, planning to make a mad dash.
“Oh Krista, since you’ve got plans would you like for me to pick up Audrey?  She gets off work at 10.  I’m going to take Sam a late dinner.  He’s stocking tonight, so he won’t get off until 2 or 3…” Francie asked me and I didn’t know quite how to respond.
  “Well, that would be great…if it isn’t too much trouble.  She’s working at the Den, right?  Near Sam’s job…” I tentatively stated.
“Are you feeling okay??  You know Sam works three doors down from the Java Den.  You used to work there before you quit and got Audrey the job,” Francie reminded me, sounding puzzled.
Holy cow, Tray and Jaysen work fast…
“Did your Cheer Babies drop you on your head??” Becca shouted from the kitchen.
“Those crazy stunts you pull are hazardous…to life…limb…and more importantly, manicures,” Neen informed me while examining my still dinged and smudged polish.
“I’ll have you know, Neen, that my wrecked manicure preceded my practice.  And, no one dropped me, Becca…at least, not that I can remember…” I responded.
Becca came screaming into the entry way to check on me, just as I accidentally snickered – giving away my joke.
I belatedly realized I should have gotten a few details from my brothers about how they were going to handle this particular problem.  I didn’t have enough information to keep answering “Audrey questions”.  So, I bolted from the scene, leaving them to guess.
Tray drove us to a deserted parking lot on campus.  Then, Jaysen trans-versed us to a restaurant on the Vaydem Preserve called Heavenly Beginnings.  They sell the most exquisite appetizers known to mankind.  My mouth was already watering when the hostess greeted us.
“Master Tray, Lord Master Jaysen and Miss Krista, as always, it’s a delight to share your company in our establishment.  Please, have a seat while we prepare the remote dining room.  I assume you desire, sincere discretion…” the hostess questioned and we nodded.
Tray and Jaysen excused themselves to go over and say hello to one of the Vaydem elders while we waited.  I accepted the complimentary drink a waiter handed me and walked over to the huge picture window to admire the view.
The Preserve is located in the Western part of my home state, North Carolina.  But, most people don’t realize it even exists because the Vaydem people are exceedingly private.  The Preserve is well hidden and protected from outside intrusion through various channeling means.
Ember created a permanent springtime with a ritual when she spiritually married Jaysen.  The forest remains alive and blooming, year-round as a reminder of their love.  Jaysen placed some type of eternal veiling around the entire Preserve to protect the privacy of the Vaydem people and their sacred land.
I grew up in Western North Carolina.  The southern border of the Vaydem Preserve is less than four miles from my front porch.  But, I never knew they were here until Ember told me about them at our high school graduation.  She also told me a little about the Ava’shay and Tarrish.  Then, she asked me and g-mom to be spiritually adopted by her and the rest of her entire family…
The joining ritual Ember wanted to perform with us would forever seal us together.  The Creator forges the bonds.  I quickly discovered, after the joining ritual was completed, that my idea of what constitutes a family was narrow and extremely limited by my human perception.  When the Maker selects your family members and ties you together, he doesn’t limit a person to one set of parents or siblings.  And, he certainly does not pay the slightest consideration to bloodlines.
When Ember extended the initial invitation, it made me anxious.  But when she explained that g-mom and I will share a deep spiritual bond with her, and the rest of “our” family, at the conclusion of the ritual ceremony…well, that made me severely nervous.  I had no frame of reference to judge her words by.
“Um Ember, it sounds like you’re asking to indoctrinate me and g-mom into some type of fru-fru multicultural cult…” those words sprang out of my mouth before I could sensor them, that day.
She laughed until she was breathless.  Tray and Willow happened to be standing close enough to hear my comment.  He fell over in hysterics and Willow rushed to the closest bathroom to prevent an embarrassing accident.
Ember eventually regained control of her laughter and would attempt to enlighten me, again.
“I’m not trying to indoctrinate you or Elizabeth into a cult.  You’ll both get what I’m saying the instant you’re sealed to my family.  Then, I defy you to keep a straight face and not fall over from that fru-fru cult comment.
“It’s difficult to explain how a ritual works in just words.  But, I’ll let you try and help me.  Define the love and connection you feel for your g-mom, right now…” Ember demanded and I rolled my eyes.
“Okay…this is a no-brainer.  I love her from the depths of my heart and we’re closer than close…” I offered, smugly.
“Be more specific…start with the depths of your heart…define it.”
“The depths of my heart means…with everything in me.”
“So, you’re saying you love her with your anger, hatred, envy, etcetera…”
“No, that’s not what I meant.  I love g-mom with everything good in me and you’re just splitting hairs…”
“I already hear the frustration and I haven’t asked for the specifics on the love or connections you feel for her…”
“Alright, I get what you’re saying.  I feel them, but the concepts are hard to explain…”
“There’s no adequate way to define that connection you share with her because it’s based in the spiritual realm.  You feel it, experience it and understand that it’s real.  Elizabeth is your g-mom…your family…and that fact is undeniable, right?”
“Right…”
“Do you consider you and I as being “closer than close”, too?”
“Yes…”
“The’ joining ritual’ increases that bond and will draw us closer.  It will forge a bond with each member of your new family.  You’ll even be closer to your g-mom, although right now you don’t think it’s possible.
“But, there’s only one catch.  You and Elizabeth have to willingly choose us.  You both have to state your voluntary desire and give your verbal consent in order to join our family.
“I promise, you will feel…experience…and understand the deep connections you share with each member of your whole family, at the conclusion of the ritual.  And, we’ll be connected to you both, in the same way.  No explanation will be required.  Your heart will just know!
“This ritual will keep you and Elizabeth safe.  It’ll give me peace of mind because my life is about to overwhelm me.  Jaysen and I are headed off on our ‘spiritual honeymoon’.  We’ll have a baby in our arms when we get back to this realm.  So, we’ll have another mountain of responsibility on top of the Kilimanjaro we already navigate.
“I can’t tackle the next mammoth step in my life until we’re sealed as a family.  I have to know my little sister and my g-mom are secure…”
Ember was frantic by that point in the conversation.  Determined to persuade me, she would have rambled on for hours without taking a break.  I silenced her with a hug and promised to talk to g-mom about it before she left on that journey with Jaysen.
My g-mom listened to the details, smiled and nodded, intermittently.  But, something about her demeanor suggested she was uneasy.  She already considered Ember, Tray and Willow part of our family.  They were like her other kids.  And, she was even reasonably close to Zander and Quinn because they came over often, to visit.
G-mom wasn’t too familiar with Jaysen, Fallon or Reid because they stayed so busy.  And, she had only met Grandma Edie, Celeste, Rave, Jaxon and Gayle a few times, in passing.  So, she hardly knew them at all.
I could not get her to commit to or decline Ember’s offer.  She wouldn’t tell me why she was having reservations.  But, I had no plans to do anything without my g-mom.
In an effort to keep the peace, I told Ember that “I” wanted to hold off on the ritual until after she came back from her spiritual honeymoon.  My idea was to give my g-mom some space.  Then, I could hopefully, get her to open up and share with me.  It would also give me time to figure out a tactful way to decline, if necessary.
All g-mom would tell me, up to that point, was that she “wasn’t ready to jump on a permanent bandwagon of that type on a whim, without having a minute’s worth of prayer”.  G-mom is the most spontaneous person I have ever known.  She had actually made permanent decisions, about both of our lives, on less than a whim, with a second’s notice.  The tattoo on my shoulder proves it.  So, I didn’t understand her remark or her hesitation.  But, she wasn’t prepared to explain herself any further.
That was how I got shoved into the middle of an impossible situation.  I was stuck between the two people I love more than anything – my g-mom and my sister.  Ember flatly refused to leave me here, unsealed and unprotected.  But, g-mom wasn’t ready to sign-up for the sealing family plan.  Neither one was prepared to budge.  They are both stubborn.
Tray somehow decoded my predicament, even though I didn’t share my dilemma with him.  He came up with a novel approach.  He agreed to guard me and g-mom until we could be trans-versed into the Hallows.  This satisfied Ember.  And, g-mom didn’t have to do anything – permanent or otherwise.  It was a perfect solution…or so I thought.
When it came time for us to go to the Hallows though, my g-mom announced she was staying earth-bound and planned to travel.  I couldn’t change her mind.  And, my pregnant sister was locked in the Hallows and missing me.
So, I bounced between two worlds and time-zones, trying to get g-mom to at least come visit the Hallows.  After all, it was an adventure of a lifetime.  Not even that enticement worked.
Grandma Edie had stayed in the Hallows with Ember and Willow during their pregnancies.  She taught me loads of life lessons, along with gypsy dances.  I enjoyed those chats, because they were filled with wild adventures.  But, they also made me really miss my g-mom.
One afternoon, I broke down in tears and finally, told Grandma Edie about g-mom’s bizarre and unexpected reaction.  I had been keeping it to myself because I assumed Ember and her family would be offended by her rejection.
It was a juvenile guess on my part and in no way, an accurate assessment.  I could have saved myself some massive stress, if I had just shared my feelings and voiced my concern, sooner.  Now that we are all sealed, I can see things clearly.  But back then, I was stabbing around in the dark and desperate to make both of the people I loved happy and content.  
G-mom was in Monte Carlo when I came back from the Hallows.  I joined her and we spent a few carefree weeks travelling the globe and getting into mischief.  We were also being closely guarded by the Ava’shay military.  This is something g-mom didn’t realize because I forgot to mention our hidden security detail.
Ember returned with the twins.  And, Willow came home with Mikey.  I had seen the babies because the Hallow’s environment allowed us to view them while they were growing inside their mommies’.  But, I had left the day Ember went into labor, so I had never gotten to hold them.
My g-mom cannot resist an infant, much less three of them.  Plus, they were her kids’ kids…
We flew back to see the new arrivals.  Proud parents showed off their babies.  G-mom hugged her children and loved on the little ones.  She and I didn’t actually pay attention when everyone left us alone with Grandma Edie.  Between the non-threatening environment and snuggling tiny newborns, g-mom relaxed and struck up a conversation with the only other adult in the room.
Long after the babies were tucked in bed, Grandma Edie and g-mom were still socializing.  Their discussion carried on until lunchtime.  So, Grandma Edie had invited both of us to Heavenly Beginnings to grab a bite to eat.
They had laughed so hard they were crying as they exchanged tales of fabulous adventures they had over the years.  The conversation eventually turned to their husbands.
Grandma Edie told us about Lukas, her lost soulmate and powerful shaman.  She offered us a detailed disclosure about the Vaydem people and freely, shared the inner-workings of their clandestine society.
G-mom listened, intently.  Bringing us to lunch at the Preserve and revealing such a large secret, demonstrated an amazing amount of trust.  And, showing trust never goes unnoticed with my g-mom…
After Grandma Edie finished her story, g-mom would reciprocate the good faith gesture.  She shared stories about her childhood, how she met Pritchard on her first solo-adventure when she was just fourteen and how he never left her side until the day he passed away.  The stories she shared with Grandma Edie were all new to me.
I sat in complete silence while they shared their first close moments’, together as sisters.
Once the stories had ended, my Grandma Edie would do what she does.  She would settle my g-mom’s spirit and help her find her way to her family.
“You and I, Liz…we’re the wandering type.  We scout around until our searching is over, but that’s never the end for us, is it?  We just start a new hunt and keep right on exploring.  Ever notice, how those paths we trek down are always dark and uncharted.  But, we take off down them, anyway throwing caution behind us.  We can’t deny who we are, inside.  Sometimes, it would be nice if we could…but, there’s just no way to do that…at least, not one that I’ve discovered.
“Unfortunately, you’re way too much like me and not enough like your daughter.  You’re not good at hiding from the truth, even when it scares the pants off of you, offends everyone else or makes you so uncomfortable to just consider it.
“You feel our kinship, but you don’t understand that tie.  That’s a customary reaction for most ordinary people.  But listen up, you and I aren’t run-of-the-mill gals and we have our own brand of “normal”.  You’ve been sorting the pieces out and rearranging the parts by your lonesome.  But, you still can’t figure out how to solve the puzzle.  If you’ll just be honest, you’ll admit you’re at the same place you started.  Those are circles you’ve been turning…not steps that you’ve been walking.
“You’re wasting those precious minutes you value so highly – please, stop spinning.  This might be difficult to wrap your head around, but here’s the hard, cold truth with no fluff or whitewash added.  You can’t solve this particular puzzle when so many of your parts are missing.
“I know you’re terrified of this specific adventure.  You’re scared senseless to take your little girl with you, too.  I’ll even be honest and admit that I get why this frightens you, so terribly – now that we know each other.  But, ready or not, my sister Liz, you have a family waiting for you to join us.  We never get in the way, or spin in avoidance, when the Creator takes a mind to have us do something.  You and I know better than almost any other person on this planet, that destiny gets what it wants…one way or another,” my Grandma Edie had told her.
Although I have tried to figure out what had g-mom so scared all those years ago, I never have deciphered it.
G-mom did not hesitate to accept Grandma Edie’s offer.  She asked to be sealed to her family that day and so, it would happen.  I have never seen her shiver before, but shaking, she was when she asked to go before me and without me standing in the line of fire.  I watched from a distance that made her comfortable, as our family gathered and performed the joining ritual.  Even the three babies, along with Quinn and Zander were included in the spiritual ring needed to lift the power.  G-mom had grabbed her chest at the end like she was experiencing a heart attack.  Then, she fell to her knees.
Rushing over to her, I have never been that alarmed in my life.  Tears were streaming down my cheeks.
“What have I done???” I had shouted as I reached to steady my g-mom.
“SShhhh…it’s all good…my beautiful…Bunny Baby.  My heart’s just struggling to find the right place to fit so many…wonderful…amazing…pieces,” she had expressed in a tone filled with awe.
Her words brought me no comfort because that wasn’t her voice talking to me.  There is no telling what I would have done or said if g-mom didn’t silence me with a hug.  Her voice might have belonged to someone else, but her embrace was the real deal.
“I’m going to…hold you…the whole time.  Shove…that…fear over.  It’s time…to…take this…indescribable adventure.  I don’t want you to miss…a single precious…second…like I did.
“Now, seal our daughter…to her family…” g-mom had breathlessly, told the others.
During those profound minutes, the Creator sealed me to my family…forever.  That ritual was held inside the Vaydem Sacred Arboretum.  Every time I see it, that memory comes rushing back like it only happened yesterday…
This window offers a spectacular view of the colorful lights illuminating from the Arboretum.  It is a massive glass dome filled with towering trees, winding creeks, incredible rock formations and the most elegant foliage known to any realm.  I call it the Creator’s earthen greenhouse.  The Vaydem people are his chosen caretakers.  They are emphatic believers in peace and they love nature.
My R-daddy, Rave Jansen is the sovereign ruler over their nation.  He is a powerful shaman with indescribable healing powers.
His wife, Celeste, became my Momma-C.  She is not Vaydem, but she can still channel through that lineage because she is married to him.  As a full-blooded traditional gypsy (more commonly referred to as a ‘traveler’) my Momma-C has incredible channeling powers of her own.
“Excuse the intrusion, Miss Krista, but your brothers are waiting…” the hostess told me.
“Thanks,” I said and joined them at the table.
“Will R-daddy and Momma-C be joining us?” I asked.
They both laughed, happily.  They love hearing me call him R-daddy.  The first time I called him that, Tray announced that it sounded like the name of a famous hip-hop artist.  R-daddy played right along and invented a rap song in honor of his newest daughter.
Tray, Ember and Jaysen call Rave, “dad” and Jaxon, “father”.  They also call Celeste, “mom” and refer to Gayle as “mother”.  To me, the terms “father” and “mother” sound so formal and detached.  I don’t feel detached from any of my parents.  So, I made up names that more suit my personality and express their connection to me.  From that day, forward they became Daddy-Jax, Momma-G, R-daddy and Momma-C.
 “No, they can’t get here.  Their schedules wouldn’t allow it…” Tray answered.
“They are highly disappointed because they could not arrange it on such short notice…”  Jaysen was prepared to continue.
“Alright, I get it…enough with the guilt trip.  So, how can I make it up to all of you?” I asked.
“The easy fix in two words, distance education…” Tray stated.
“Wait Jaysen, before you start in on me too, let’s strike a deal.  I’ll agree to consider Internet classes for graduate school, if you both agree to not guilting me into leaving college.  I have cheering, drama and sorority commitments.  Plus, I do have university friends that might notice if I suddenly vanish.  They would be hurt by the action…” I said.
“My counter proposal…you agree to take the rest of your schooling through either, Internet distance education or permit us to hire a faculty, of your choice, to homeschool you.  This includes any and all degrees you choose to master, Associates’ through Doctorates’, inclusive,” Jaysen offered.
“And don’t forget, my additions…you agree to Jaysen’s terms.  And, you agree to be finished with this particular away from home, college experience by this December…” Tray countered.
“I can’t be finished with my classes by the end of this semester!” I exclaimed.
“Oh yes you can be.  We’ll see to that minor detail…” Tray responded.
“Wait, I know you can make it happen, but I want to actually earn the degree.  I’ve worked hard and I only have two years to go…”
“Two years is much too long to be away from your family…” Jaysen told me, siding with Tray.
  When the deal was done, I agreed to take all future programs at home, through whatever means.  Or, I could live on campus if I choose a Vaydem, Ava’shay or Tarrish university to attend.  I also agreed to finish my current program and graduate by the end of the summer semester.
They agreed to stop making me feel guilty for living away at college and asking me to quit.  They also agreed to bring my family to visit me for one week, on campus during summer semester.
“Farewell, movies, concerts, and any type of whimsy…” I declared dramatically.  “You two realize, my entire social/dating life just got annihilated until July of next year,” I told my brothers.
“That’s the idea!” they stated in unison and shamelessly, high-fived each other.
“Okay, now that we have that business out of the way, let’s dig in…” Tray said.
Our meal was almost over when Momma-C made a surprise appearance.  She hugged me like we hadn’t seen each other in years.
“Hi Momma-C…I love you,” I told her.
“I love you too and I’ve missed you, little girl.  Oh, I hope I didn’t interrupt anything important…” she said and I noticed her wink at my brothers.
“No, they’ve already forced me to surrender to the deal.  I’ll be returning home, permanently, in July.  And, I’ve missed you too.  Is everything okay?” I questioned, remembering her hectic schedule.
“I’ve got a favor to ask of all of you.  I know we are all incredibly busy right now, but I need to call a family meeting.  It’s rather important to me…and time sensitive.  It’s not an emergency, necessarily.  So, bring it down a few notches, Son…” she requested of Tray.
Everyone retrieved their digital monsters and the search was on.  Finding one available timeslot that works for this family is a challenge.
“Ember has a nominal break at 1:00 a.m. tonight.  She can extend it, if necessary.  I will be unavailable until 1:15.  However, I can reschedule what I have on my agenda, giving me approximately 50 minutes available at that time.  Will that be enough?” Jaysen asked.
“Yes…plenty,” she replied.
“I’ll do some juggling.  It looks like Willow and I can swing it at 1:00 a.m.  She’ll have about 20 minutes.  But, I can give you a whopping 40 minutes and fill her in if she misses something.
“Wait, do the kids need to be there?” Tray inquired and Jaysen paid close attention too.
“No, they all have school tomorrow.  I need all the adults, but we can’t leave the kids alone.  Unbelievable, I didn’t consider that detail.
“Tray, text Grandma Edie…Jaysen, text Fallon and Reid…Krista, text g-mom…while I’m trying to figure out what to do about…
“Hey wait…I know…we can send the kids to Terria Tarrish to spend the night.  Kyrann is still there on assignment.  I’m sure he’ll watch over them while we meet.  Aunt Embree…oops, I mean Grandma Edie, Fallon and/or Reid will be back in plenty of time to wake them and get them ready for school…” she stated.
My Grandma Edie’s real name is Embree.  Momma-C and R-daddy both call her Aunt Embree in private.  Any other time, they call her Grandma Edie to avoid confusion.  Momma-C has never once slipped up, at least to my knowledge.  Something big must be weighing on her mind.
“Perfect, Kyrann’s text says he will be honored.  Our kids are safe and taken care of…” Momma-C revealed, before sending a text to Momma-G.
Kyrann is a close family friend, who works as some type of body guard.  He is the only person, outside of our immediate family, that is permitted to take care of the kids.  I don’t suppose it’s all that shocking, considering the fact that he dwarfs Tray when they stand together.  He is also the most attentive man I have ever met, too.  He pays close attention to everything – even things that happen behind him.
My g-mom adores Kyrann.  They share stories about their travels and adventures they’ve had on their world treks.  I assume he is a gypsy.  He and I have also been known to spend hours together, talking.  But, strangely I realize I don’t really know him all that well.
I sent Kyrann a text message inviting him to lunch.  He accepted with a smiley face because the auspicious date of our lunch/my inquisition is August 1 of next year.  I scheduled it in before our phones started beeping with replies.
“Grandma Edie will have Gerald take over her panel discussion during that timeframe.  She’ll be there….” Tray read the message aloud.
“G-mom says…and I quote… “Bell’s on, Baby” …she’s coming,” I read the reply and snickered.
“Fallon and Reid can both arrive on time, but have to return by 1:25…” Jaysen told us.
“Gayle already knows what’s happening.  And wonderful, she said Jaxon will be able to attend with her.  So, that leaves you, beautiful girl.  Can you make it?” Momma-C questioned me with a look of anticipation.
“My schedule is always free at 1:00 in the morning.  Even if it weren’t, I don’t rule my university…my university rules me.  Don’t worry, Momma-C, I should be there early and I’ll stay as long as you need me…” I told her.
She thanked me by way of another hug and kiss on the cheek.  Tray excused himself to quickly escort her home.  Jaysen hurried off to pay the bill.  And, I finished my beverage feeling extremely guilty.
My brothers have to rearrange their schedules, during the wee hours of the morning, just to meet with our Momma-C for 40 minutes.  They chased me around all day in a worry fueled panic.  Except for me and my g-mom, my family members have nations, realms and palaces to oversee.  I have never calculated the combined total of the populations’ that look to them for their security and leadership.  But, it must be a figure in the millions or greater…
When Jaysen and Tray returned, I ordered them to take me back to my car.
They were prepared to protest.  We all wanted to spend a little more time together.
“Don’t bother wasting breath on that argument.  Our bargain calls for me to wind things up by July.  Besides, we’re gonna see each other in a few short hours.  I love you both.  And, don’t take this the wrong way but scram-ola.  I’ve got business of my own to conduct, now that I’m living in perpetual warp-drive mode…go,” I commanded and they relented.
 I didn’t even have the car started when my phone rang.  Francie said that Sam is sick and apologized for not being able to pick up Audrey.  I told her not to worry and headed to the Java Den.
Audrey brought me out a cup of coffee with two shots of espresso.  I need to stay alert for this meeting.
“Hi…how did your first night go?” I inquired.
“Other than slipping up and giving caffeinated to the Dean of the Math Department, I did spectacular.  I can’t thank you enough.
“Um, I don’t know which way we’re headed.  But, Dante is expecting me at rehearsal.  It’s held in one of the storage lockers on the corner of Bleacker and Industrial Boulevard.  You’re welcome to stay.  But, if we’re not headed in that direction, I can just call…” she stated, hesitantly.
“It’s fine…practically on the way.  I appreciate the offer, but I’m trying to graduate early.  I’ll drop you off and head over to our study group.  Will you need a ride home?”
“No, he’ll bring me over to your place, after their set…” she said and the silence grew awkward.
“Don’t feel bad.  The Hookah lounge is only one street over…” I informed her of the obvious.
“I know…but, you practically delivered a job to me when I desperately needed it.  You’re giving me a very nice roof over my head…rides around town, like you’re my personal taxi service.  I don’t want you to feel like I’m taking advantage.  I’ll figure out a way to pay you back…”
“Save the guilt…I’ve cornered the market today on that pastime.  Unless you robbed something or murdered someone, I’ll win hands-down, if we start comparing notes.  I’d rather not relive my afternoon guilt-trip if it’s all the same.  Once was plenty…
“Let’s just agree that I’ll be honest with you if I feel like I’m being used.  And, you’ll be honest with me if you feel like you’re turning into my personal charity case.  In other words, let’s be friends.  Knowing you’ll have a permanent residence in few weeks, a job to support yourself and a life that isn’t forcibly provided to you, courtesy of the county, are all the paybacks that I need.
“A friendship, that includes two-way honesty, should cover us both.  I really am headed to the Hookah because I’m highly motivated to graduate in July.  And, the storage facility/rehearsal room is virtually on the way…”
“I’ll proudly call you my friend.  But, I won’t promise anything in reference to feeling guilty.  I’ve gotten in so much practice, it’s become second-nature.
“Take this detour, tonight.  I have homework…I’m exhausted from being under Mavis’ microscope…and, I smell like a Columbian refugee.  But, I’m probably going to be watching the sunrise from my uncomfortable plastic lawn chair, listening to Dante rehearse and feeling guilty.  I’m blowing off the same sociology paper that I failed last semester, for doing the same thing, no-less.
“And, you might be thinking…hey Audrey, just explain things to him and come with me.  That’s easier said than done.  Dante doesn’t realize I’m tired and failing school because I don’t share my problems.  I cause enough tension between us because I rarely go to his actual performances.  I’m typically a no-show when he hits the stage.  I’m the only band girlfriend who’s M.I.A.,” she stated.
“Do their girlfriends come to every practice, too?”
“No, not often.  But, they never miss an actual gig…”
“The hard, long hours are spent in practice.  You watched my squad for two hours, today.  You witnessed me turn into a cheerleading militant.  You saw us miss critical steps, argue and repeat the same sequence five times to get it right.  I guarantee, if you come to the game or our competition, you will only see us smile and perform.  Any errors will be ignored.  You’ll never hear a cross word between us.  And, we won’t perform that complicated sequence more than once, even if it isn’t perfect.
“It’s easy for others to show up for the glory moments…but, travelling with them on the road before the glory happens takes some real support.  In my estimation, you’re presence at their practice demonstrates your commitment to Dante, your relationship and his dream,” I informed her.
“I’ve never looked at it like that.  Wow, you’re really deep for a snobby, buzz-blinged Alpha sister…” she said, humorously.
“I aim for deep.  I just don’t let on to what exactly we’re getting deep, into…” I replied and snickered.
Audrey introduced me to the band and then, I went to my study group.  I left at 12:15.  I need to take another shower and change my clothes before this family meeting.  All my parents will be attending and I don’t want to smell like smoke.  I had caused enough of a disturbance for one day.  I don’t want anyone to waste valuable time trying to casually discover if I have taken up a bad Hookah and/or marijuana habit, so they can preach to me about making poor lifestyle choices.
I was turning on to my street when I saw them in my peripheral vision.  Audrey was swiftly walking away from my sorority with some guys from Dante’s band.  Her posture suggests she’s upset or angry.  I hope one of my sisters didn’t do or say something to hurt her feelings.
Driving past my house, everything appeared to be normal.  Demi was sitting outside on the porch, laughing on the phone.  She wasn’t even looking towards Audrey.
Pulling over on the side of the road, I hopped out of my car.  I don’t know what’s going on, yet.  So, I headed in the direction they were walking.
It didn’t take me long to catch up with them.  I had assumed she was with Dante and the other band members.  But, I didn’t recognize the guy who was manhandling her or the other two guys who were standing there, watching.
“Audrey!” I shouted.
The two bystanders turned to the sound of my voice.
“Who’s that girl??” the guy demanded, but he didn’t let go of her.
“We’re fine, Krista!  I’m okay.  Please, just go home…”Audrey pleaded with me.
“Let go of her!!” I ordered him.
“Or, you’ll do what??” he baited me.
“You don’t…” I said before his two friends’ each grabbed one of my arms.
They were expecting me to fight.  So, I turned the tables.  I stopped, dead in my tracks and went limp.  The two unknown guys reacted on autopilot.  They worked to steady me and keep me, upright.  It didn’t take much to knock them off balance because they were leaning forward.  The two young men collided into each other.  Their heads smacked together, dazing them as they fell to the ground.
I planned to jump over them, but the guy on top managed to grab my ankle.  I lost my balance.  Fortunately, I have tons of practice rolling to avoid injury.  I tumbled and landed on my feet.  By the time I turned back to kick him in the face, the head-butting twins were nearly a mile away.
The guy who had been manhandling my friend was running, too.  He wasn’t nearly as far away though.  I heard his ominous words, clearly.
“We’ll be back for you, missy!  We know where you’re at…” he offered to Audrey.
 At first, I was torn between checking on Audrey and giving chase.  But then, my plans changed because I heard the screech of tires and blaring sirens.  Demi must have heard the commotion and called the police.
Audrey looked stricken and ready to flee.
“Don’t say anything!  Just go along with what I’m saying…” I instructed as the officers arrived on the scene.
My frightened sorority sisters weren’t far behind.
“Oh my gosh, Audrey…we’re missing something!  Hi officers, what’s going on??” I inquired.
“You tell us, young lady…” he replied.
“Who, me and Audrey??  Me or we, tell you what, about what??” I questioned and tried to look baffled.
The sheriff’s deputy removed his hand from his weapon and looked at me, intently.
“If this is some type of prank…” the deputy started to say.
“Who’s pulling a prank??  Are you playing around, Demi?” I asked.
“No…no one’s pranking anyone that I know of!  We thought we heard someone arguing…” Demi informed us.
“I heard you shout something like, “…let go…” Becca attempted to say before I interrupted her.
“All I did was yell her name.  I couldn’t see her in the dark from so far away.  I thought maybe, she was lost or confused because she’s our guest.  Right, Audrey??” I stated and crossed my fingers.
“Yeah, sorry…all the sorority houses sorta look the same in the dark.  I don’t know how I got turned around,” she explained.
My sisters started talking, at the same time.
“Ladies…quiet down!  Were either one of you involved in an argument or a dispute this evening?” he asked, placing both me and Audrey in the hot seat.
“Why would we argue or dispute with each other, when I’m her hostess and she’s my guest?  I’m really loud, anyway because I’m the captain of my cheerleading team.  Maybe, you’ve seen us perform during half-time or…” I rambled and twirled my hair.
“Ma’am, I don’t watch college football.  Are you trying to say that this call was a misunderstanding and nothing occurred?” he inquired again.
“Here’s what I know.  I yelled Audrey’s name and it scared her.  Ya’ know…she wasn’t expecting me to be where I was, at that moment.  But, she was headed in the wrong direction and I didn’t want her to go.  That is, if she was going in that direction to get lost.  It would’ve been different if she wanted to go that way, intentionally.  And if she was purposefully headed out, I wanted to know where she would be, in case she needed a ride or whatever.
“Then, some things went flying and I felt really bad about it.  I ended up on the ground and she might’ve tripped over something, maybe.  She kinda ended up where I landed…we can’t both be in the same place, together, now can we?
“Next, there you were, along with your other officers, my sisters and Audrey, too.  Her stuff’s still everywhere and I hope no one broke anything of value…” I offered a spin on the truth.
“For future reference, make sure a crime is being committed before dialing 911…” the officer declared, irritated.
I noticed Audrey nervously tugging at her shirt sleeve.  She was picking up her items and attempting to hide the red marks.
There was no report to be made.  So, the deputies walked away exasperated, but none-the-wiser.  My sisters escorted me and Audrey to my car, still parked on the side of the road.  The driver’s side door was ajar where I jumped out and ran to Audrey’s rescue.
“I’m sorry!  I didn’t mean to cause that scene.  Audrey’s gonna run a quick errand with me and then, we’ll be back home.  See ya’ in a minute…” I told them and we drove away.
“Are you okay?” I asked her.
“I’m good…what about you?” she inquired, thoroughly ashamed.
“I’m fine…who were those guys?”
“My cousin, Lester…and his two criminal friends are Horse and Alan.  Alan’s actually a distant cousin of ours, too.  I’m sorry they hurt you…” she said, tearfully.
“They didn’t hurt me…” I revealed.
“I should explain…”
“You don’t have to…”
“That’s the least I can do,” she offered and fell silent.
“That flight gene skipped me, altogether.  I’m a fighter.  So really, think nothing of it.  You don’t have to share anything, private…”
“I had a bad feeling when Dante didn’t shake your hand tonight.  He’s typically polite…well, civil for a rocker.  His band booked a gig at BlitZed.  You know the club on the D. C. Strip?”
“I’ve never been, but sure, I’ve heard of it…”
“BlitZed is owned by GZ Entertainment.   Nigel Gray, the managing partner, approached Dante this morning.  He caught his show last weekend and liked what he saw.  Mr. Gray invited Dante’s band, Dark Matter, to play this coming Saturday night – as in, three days from today.
“GZE is looking to hire a new house band for one of their other clubs – HaZed.  The auditions will take place at BlitZed.  Mr. Gray’s been giving several local bands a shot and Dante got the final invite.  The crowd numbers will decide who gets the permanent gig.
“BlitZed is one of the hottest clubs in town.  But, HaZed is so much bigger.  This is unbelievably important to Dante.  He’s been trying to land something at GZE for ages.  I’m excited for him and his band.  I know he needs me to come and get counted.  But, I don’t…I can’t…I just…you see, all of Nigel Gray’s clubs have a reputation…I guess, it’s more like an…atmosphere.  Well, I’m not just throwing down on GZE  I don’t like the party scene, anywhere.  It sorta sucks you in and takes over.  You get what I’m saying?”
“I do…I never go out partying either.”
“Dante and I had a big argument because I said I’d have to think about going.  I walked away, hurt and angry because he knows why I don’t hit clubs.  He resumed practicing, like my leaving didn’t bother him.  I decided if I walked far enough in the dark, he’d get worried and come after me.  That never happened…
“Silly me…expecting my fiancée, who says he loves me, to stop rehearsing for fifteen minutes and give me a ride home.  The least he could’ve done was taken five minutes to check on me.  It’s dangerous for a girl to be walking alone in that neighborhood and Dante knows it.  I could’ve been killed!
“But, he’s getting his big break on Saturday.  The least I can do, as the girl who claims to love him, is to shove my personal discomfort and principles aside for one evening and go out to support his dream.  He’s worried that I won’t show up and that means I don’t love him.  So, why should he stop practicing?  His excuse for not chasing me down is valid.
“Sorry…I don’t normally share my internal struggles.  I’m stuck and being wedged between two solid objects both, bites and blows.  I don’t have any wiggle room. 
“Lester happened to be out…probably on a beer run, when he spotted me.  I was feeling sorry for myself and Dante, too and missed seeing his stupid, oversized pick-up truck.  I didn’t want to argue with Lester, right then.  But, he doesn’t care about my desires.  You just happened to walk up when he was insisting…”
“Cousin or no, he shouldn’t put his hands on you in anger…ever.”
“He’s older than me and he’s lived with us ever since I was born.  In a weird way, he sorta helped raise me.  My family thinks I took off to college to make them look bad.  They believe I’m getting too big for my britches.  We’re originally from down South and that’s a southern expression.  It means…”
“I know what it means.  I’m from North Carolina.  They shouldn’t feel that way.  But, that’s a pointless observation considering no one can help how they feel about something…”
“Yeah, that’s for sure.  If I could stop loving Dante, I probably would.  He and I don’t always bring out the best in each other…” she explained and my alarm went off, signaling that my family meeting had just started without me.
“Those are some late plans…” she observed, giggling and massaging her still aching arms.
“Didn’t I tell you, I live my life in protest of the conventional?  I’m going to drop you off at the house.  No argument or debates.  Remember, you’re not interested in external controversy.
“I’d like to meet you at the diner for breakfast, say around 7:30.  I won’t be home, tonight.  So, mind walking to meet me?  Is it safe?” I asked, springing the invitation on her while I scheduled it in my phone.
I didn’t want her to disappear and I couldn’t think of another way to bribe her into staying.
“I’ll be fine.  It’s safe.  Lester will be long passed out by then…” she revealed.
“Okay, I’ll see you in a few hours…” I stated and she got out of the car.
“You’re a real friend…thanks,” Audrey said.
Any hope she had of running off, vanished.  Neen and Demi were both waiting outside.  They rushed over to Audrey to escort her into the house.  They called my name to get my attention, too.  But, I pretended not to hear them as I made my escape.
I didn’t bother looking at the time when I finally parked in front of the deserted gym.  Sighing, I sent Jaysen a text and he trans-versed me away.

Chapter Seven

“I got tied up…wait, where are the rest of us?”  I asked.
Ember, Willow, Reid and Fallon were nowhere to be found.
“You just missed them…” R-daddy told me.
“How long do you have?” Momma-C quickly inquired before my disappointment could set in.
“Me, I’m free until 7:25.  I have breakfast plans at 7:30.  Sorry, I’m late.  It couldn’t be helped.  Oh, and I know I smell like a walking tobacco advertisement.  My study group is very liberal, but I’m not smoking anything,” I explained.
I made the rounds, giving hugs, kisses and greetings to my parents, g-mom, Grandma Edie and my two brothers.  Then, I took a seat.
“Ember still expects that phone call from you during the first break or at the conclusion,” Jaysen reminded me and I nodded.
“Thanks for coming, Krista.  Let me get you up to speed.  I called this meeting to ask for some help.  Your Momma-G and I are asking everyone to attend several events in the next few weeks.
“You see, my youngest sister, Scarlett wants to marry a gypsy boy, named Dylan Rhinehart.  But, he doesn’t share our traditional Ay’sha bloodline.  He is a royal blue-blood gypsy like Gayle.
“Scarlett is getting flak from all sides and she thinks I might be able to at least, smooth a few things over with our father.  She wasn’t even thought of when I left home and married Rave.  But, she knows he doesn’t have any Ay’sha heritage and my father accepted him into our family.
“Traditional gypsies steer clear of royal Ay’sha bloodlines for a number of reasons.  Royals, for lack of a better explanation – and again, forgive me for saying this, Gayle – look down on more common gypsies…”
“That places a light spin on their childish arrogance.  Feel no need to further apologize, as I have long since left my royal gypsy ways behind.  I am content to live as an Ava’shay…” Momma-G replied.
“Anyhow…I was so desperately in love with Rave that I was more than willing to run away, choose the severed path and never look back, again.  Scarlett would never choose to do any of that.  But, if she’s not willing to sever her family ties, she will need our father’s blessing and permission to marry a royal Ay’sha.  I don’t see that happening unless something changes.  Scarlett is torn between the love of her life and her keeping our father’s love and approval.  She is a daddy’s girl.  She would never consider defying his authority.
“Here’s a quick traditional, gypsy lesson…marriage changes the dynamics in a family.  My father dictates Scarlett’s entire life while she remains single…” Momma-C revealed and I accidentally gasped.
“Excuse me, Celeste.  Please allow me to forward an explanation.  Krista, I assure you, Scarlett Reigns is perfectly content with this arrangement.  She has no desire to exert her independence and has no plans to rebel against her father’s authority.  This is her will and her choice.
“Scarlett understands she has the right to seek freedom from, what we perceive as, her father’s unjustified bondage.  However, in her estimation, to live without the support of her large, powerful traditional gypsy family would feel like existing in an isolated purgatory.
“And, before you feel a need to apologize for what you were thinking, please know this.  I offered this same explanation a few minutes before your arrival.  Your sister, Ember has little ability to hold her tongue.  She was quite vocal about rescuing Scarlett from her…I believe she termed it as, “her evil paternal dictator’s clutches”.  Ember continued her protest until she was satisfied that Bradwell Reign’s was not holding his daughter captive.
“While I am on this topic, allow me to speak on Dylan’s behalf.  Although the Rhinehart’s are not rightly situated to ascend to the throne, they are still positioned directly below my family, the current Ay’sha monarchy.  Dylan, like all single gypsy males, has been permitted to freely live his life, run about without many imposed limits and make his own choices.  His interest in Scarlett would have remained acceptable to his family, if he had not chosen to declare his love for her and seek a permanent attachment.  Dating a traditional gypsy female is commonplace among royals; however, we are raised to marry within the ranks of our stations.
“I fully realize how offensive that sounds and do apologize.  Yet, an uncolored representation of Ay’sha life is necessary because we need to pool our family resources to find a potential solution.
“Dylan is the oldest son and sole heir to his father’s fortunes and auspicious title.  His father, Taft Rhinehart, undoubtedly had a bride in mind for him when he was born.  Taft invited this girl, and her family, to Dylan’s 15th birthday party.  The two fathers offered a toast and Taft made the formal engagement announcement without consulting Dylan.  Engagements for royals typically, do not occur until at least, sixteen.
“Dylan’s response was just as astonishing to Taft.  He declared his love for Scarlett – a non-royal and revealed that he wanted to be with her.  Taft was incensed by this public announcement.  For our purposes, we can assume father and son reached a tenuous compromise.  The engagement to the other girl was temporarily called off.   Dylan stopped talking about Scarlett in public, while Taft considers his oldest son’s future.
“Taft is thinking over his options without seeking input from anyone.  He can renounce Dylan, if he decides to defy his authority and marry Scarlett against his wishes.  Or, he can permit the marriage and lower his oldest son’s station…meaning, he will select another one of his sons to be his heir.  This is considered a disgrace for any boy.  Or, Taft could provide his blessing.  Then, Scarlett becomes royal order through marriage.  Well, I am guessing she ascends to Ay’sha royal order because she will bear the Rhinehart family name.  However, I base that on supposition only because a royal male has never married a gypsy girl of traditional ancestry and remained a crested member of the blue-blooded order.
“To the naïve ear, Dylan and Scarlett’s romance sounds like an adaptation of Romeo the Royal loves Juliette the Commoner.  I assure you, that it is not.  Romeo was willing to leave everything for love.  Dylan has no desire to turn his back on his heritage, father or lose his position as his primary heir.  He has been taught no marketable employment skills to financially support Scarlett as of yet.  And, he was definitely not exposed to any exploitive means to secure money like running a con job for profit.  Financial support of his wife is not the only challenge Dylan has to consider.
“Gypsy royals live under the same roof with their entire extended family members throughout their lives.  Therefore, Dylan was raised with complete access to his aunts, uncles, cousins and grandparents.  They offer him a wealth of things that money cannot replace.  He wants this lifestyle for his children.  He cannot envision his children having no extended family members to love or learn from.
“Notice Krista, how you automatically reached out for your g-mom and grandma when I mentioned the topic.  You are clinging to their arms, as though your life depends on their presence.  Imagine falling in love, then being forced to choose between them and the person who holds your heart.  That is precisely how Dylan feels and currently, has no remedy.  If he cannot secure Taft’s authorization, there is a sizeable chance that he will be ejected from his household should he choose to stay with Scarlett.  He will have no access to his parents, siblings or any family member through royal decree.  And, none that live under Taft’s authority will defy him and help Dylan, regardless of the love they feel.
“Unfortunately, I have just scratched the surface of the hurdles Dylan must overcome.  He loves Scarlett with all his heart and is willing to sacrifice for her.  He revealed this to me.  However, he could not honestly affirm that he would sacrifice everything to be with her…” Momma-G offered and looked at Momma-C with concern.
“The same can be said for Scarlett.  She was sobbing when we discussed this, but I definitely understood her words.  She’s not willing to sacrifice all of her family ties to be with Dylan either.  And, she faces just as many obstacles as her fiancée.
“Royals believe in offering a dowry to prospective in-laws.  This is an honorary code of conduct and shows respect for the family, in their perception.  To a traditional gypsy like my father, Taft’s financial offer will come across as the Rhinehart’s trying to buy his daughter.  Offended doesn’t even come close to describing my father’s reaction.
“Oh, and while we’re on this dowry issue, Scarlett is clueless about all royal gypsy customs.  She was home-schooled by our mom, to avoid being influenced by outsiders.  She wasn’t even allowed to speak to a non-related boy until she turned fifteen.  Dylan crashed her Coming Out party, wearing normal traveler clothes to blend in.  It’s not unusual for a young royal to check out our celebrations, although traditional gypsies would never consider going anywhere near a royal gathering.  By the time Scarlett discovered Dylan’s background she was already head-over-heels in love and caught in the middle.
“They were secretly seeing each other for three months before Dylan made his surprise announcement that he wanted to marry her.  I know that doesn’t sound like a lot of time to us.  For a gypsy, three months of dating is considered a long, long time.  And, their extended dating will have a big impact on Scarlett’s reputation.  Now that everyone knows, my sister is almost obligated to marry Dylan or she risks being labelled as ‘easy’.  Virtue is the Holy Grail for gypsy girls.  Without it, they can expect to live a lonely life without a gypsy husband or look for love outside the culture.  It’s widely assumed that traditional gypsy girls, who are caught dating royals, are promiscuous.
“So, Scarlett is already risking the community’s shame by just dating Dylan.  But, when Taft offers our dad money, it will confirm Scarlett’s status as a royal prostitute unless Dylan actually marries her and makes her an honest gypsy girl.
“I know it’s a tremendous amount to absorb.  And, like Gayle, I haven’t even scratched the surface of Scarlett’s challenges.  My sister believes in me and feels like I’m her only hope.  When I agreed to help her, I felt ready to tackle this.  But after revealing just those problems, I’m starting to think her faith in me is misplaced…” Momma-C offered, fighting back tears.
“I don’t know how you can think that!  You’re married to a full-blooded Vaydem…” I stated.
“My little girl, I can honestly think that because I had a few things going for me that Scarlett doesn’t.  I was sixteen, for one thing.  My mom liked Rave from the get-go.  He knew about our customs through your Grandma Edie.  So, he knew to approach my mom before speaking with my dad.  This step can only be skipped if I had been eighteen or older.
“Rave wooed my mom with a ‘traveler’ appropriate gift and asked her permission to request a date with me from my dad.  This move distinguished him as a man who respected her authority over her children and acknowledged her mothering skills.  The move literally demonstrated that he felt compelled to respect me because she raised a virtuous daughter.
“My mom holds some serious influence with my dad.  So, her vote of confidence in Rave helped to smooth the treacherous path.
“Rave also dated me according to traditional Ay’sha standards.  We didn’t sneak off, in order to get around traveler customs.  He dated me, twice with an approved chaperone of my dad’s choosing.  Then, he privately asked my parent’s for permission to marry me and requested to become in-blood with my family.
“Becoming ‘in-blood’ among traditional gypsies is a commonplace event.  The custom is relatively straightforward.  The family Dom – “Dom” is the gypsy term for the head of the family or rather, the dominant male figurehead if that’s easier to remember – assigns a task to the prospective family member.  Task is synonymous with con job.
“The prospective member performs the con, alone – accepting all the risks.  He or she must successfully fulfill the assignment and return the proceeds to the Dom without getting caught by the authorities.  A trusted, in-blood member of the family must witness the con and authenticate the presented money was a direct result of the con job.
“If the prospective member happens to get caught, they must shoulder all the blame.  Fingering any other person leads to severe and deadly repercussions.  Once the prospective family member gets out of jail, the Dom will assign them a new task.  It continues this way until they are either, in-blood or incarcerated for life.
“My father assigned Rave an incredible and nearly unachievable task.  He fully expected him to get caught and squeal.  Much to my father’s surprise, Rave completed the task in front of three witnesses.  One of those witnesses was Willow’s father, Marten.  So, Rave earned my dad’s respect and was accepted into our family before our one year wedding anniversary.
“Scarlett and Dylan dated in secret.  Dating, in this sense, consists of the two love-birds texting and emailing each other, on a daily basis.  Scarlett is never out of my mother’s sight.  My parents have complete access to every exchange they had.  They read each one too and, as expected, nothing illicit happened.  I believe the term is ‘sexting’ and that did not occur.  But, because Dylan didn’t ask my parents’ permission to date Scarlett, their innocent digital romance is considered inappropriate.
“My mom isn’t going to sign off on this marriage either – not without some fence mending, at least.  She feels betrayed because Scarlett is fifteen.  A traditional gypsy boy would know to seek his mother-in-law’s favor through gifts, paying respect and announcing his intention before doing anything else.  I suppose it would’ve been okay for Dylan to go to my dad first.  But, traveler boys know the right way to go about it. 
“In Dylan’s defense, Gayle tells me, royals seek dating approval from their own father.  After his father gives the okay, then the bride and groom fathers’ meet and come to an arrangement.  The mothers are handled in a similar fashion, once the fathers’ have approved the couple dating.  The engagement proposal and announcement are handled the same way.
“So, in Dylan’s estimation, my mom’s approval comes to him through his mother.  He’s been taught to respect females from a distance.  If he were to show up at our house, unannounced and strike up a conversation with our mom, he would be disrespecting his own family values and betraying his mother.  And Dylan does, personally, select a gift for his mother-in-law.  But, he gives it and pays his respects to her parenting skills through his mother.
“Scarlett, according to our customs, should meet with Natrice Rhinehart one week before the wedding.  She gives her a speech and presents her with at least, two gifts to show her appreciation for raising such a fine son.  Scarlett has practiced this, “you’re going to be my wonderful mother-in-law speech”, repeatedly and she’s proud of it.  But, Natrice will be offended that those words and gifts are being disrespectfully offered by the wrong party in the family.
“This is a no-win situation for Scarlett and Dylan.  Now Krista, can you understand why I feel helpless and inferior?” Momma-C questioned.
“…and why I feel the same way?” Momma-G asked me.
My moms’ were battling tears and so was I.  This isn’t fair to anyone.
My Grandma Edie had remained silent until my moms’ became emotional.  She had evidently heard enough and was prepared to give her input.  Attempting to vent some of her anger, she slammed her fist against the table.  Her normally soft and jovial nature was about to be overshadowed by the powerful Ay’sha matriarch that lives inside her.
“These snobby gypsy pretenses, on both sides, need to be eradicated.  Who’s giving what, and doing all the yacking, shouldn’t matter for squat, as long as the gifts are sincerely given and the heartfelt respects are actually spoken.  Royal and traditional gypsies should just be proud to be part of the Ay’sha lineage.  I’ve had enough of their petty games.  They are all gonna get “matriarch educated” on how we play nicely with others.
“Lizzy, I’m gonna need you to get me a massive stack of those tolerance bumper stickers, with the daisies, we saw on that Volkswagen Beetle.  I’ll have a few thousand backsides to affix and stick, before this is over!  They can read while they’re all kissin’…
“Now, listen up my clan.  We go into this…no tears, regrets or fears.  We’re gonna do, what we do and show them how a real traditional-royal gypsy family acts and operates.  They can hopefully learn from watching our example.  Or, they can choose the more painful path of education.  All I ask is that you each move out of the way, if they get all gypsy-stubborn…
“My daughters, Celeste and Gayle, you don’t have a single thing to fret over.  Your family will do whatever you need us to do.  We don’t have anything to vote on because you already have our answers.  I surely hope you don’t need some formality to assure yourselves that we’ve always got you covered.  Just give us the particulars and we’ll make it work.  What do you need each of us to do?” my Grandma Edie emphatically stated and effectively, lifted the weight of the world from both of my mommas’ shoulders.
“Grandma, I am certainly happy my beloved was not present to hear your declaration.  Ember has a tendency to run ahead of you and clear cut a path with her frustration,” Jaysen revealed.
“Oh yeah, Hurricane-Ember would storm through the gypsy ranks and there’d be no bumper left for you to sticker or kick…” Tray added and everyone laughed.
We took a thirty minute break because Jaysen and Tray had to leave.  I used that chance to call Ember.  After highlighting the points of the meeting she missed, we gossiped just like old times.  Her made-up stories, aptly named Ember-intrigues, are always entertaining.  But, tonight they probably saved my life.  Between Audrey’s scuffle with her cousins and then, witnessing my mommas’ fall to emotional ruins because of their respective biological families, I was questioning how any child ever survives.
Throughout the conversation I was intermittently yawning.  But, it had nothing to do with being sleepy or disinterested.  Anytime I get stressed, I yawn.  And, I am tense just thinking about the enormous amount of stress all moms’ are faced with.
Ember hasn’t been able to spend much time with her twins, lately.  She misses Haven and Luke so much that she spontaneously started crying when she mentioned their names.  I had to vow not to breathe a word about her reaction to anyone in the room.
Momma-G had been discreetly holding Jaysen’s hand under the table.  My Momma-G is a stickler for maintaining standard Ava’shay royal, social protocols.  So, witnessing her in a public display of affection is very uncommon.  There’s no telling how long it’s been since she’s sat down beside her son or even seen him.
Momma-C had her arm around Tray the entire time she was talking.  She also reached across the table to stroke my hand and Jaysen’s forearm anytime we gave her the chance.  My g-mom and grandma are flanking me on either side and had touched me, in some way, during the whole meeting.
While I listened and laughed with Ember, I watched my g-mom, closely.  She was animatedly talking to Momma-C, Momma-G and Grandma Edie.  Their eyes were lit up as they interacted.  She is making them feel better, just like my sister is doing for me.
My g-mom is an amazing parent.  I know I’ve disappointed her plenty of times, but she has never once made me feel bad.  She is my biggest fan, my therapist and my coach.  She’s whatever I need her to be, at any given moment.
Before the meeting reconvened, I pulled her aside and hugged her for a long time.  She stroked my hair and perceptively, remained quiet.
“You’re my world…thank you for…well, everything…” I whispered.
“That goes double for me…” she replied.
We were all surprised when Jaysen and Tray returned.
“Ember was distraught because she is unable to reschedule anything on her agenda to come back to this meeting…” Jaysen revealed.
“And, Willow’s in the same boat…she can’t get out of her stuff either.  But, this is important to our moms’.  So, it’s a priority.  Jaysen and I managed to juggle and we’ll fill them both in, tomorrow…” Tray told everyone.
“We will be at your disposal until sunrise,” Jaysen added.
Momma-C and Momma-G were tearful when they all embraced.  
“Alrighty, let’s get this show back on the road,” Grandma Edie said and Momma-C took the floor.
“I have been testing the waters with my parents.  And, Gayle has been doing the same with her family and the Rhineharts’.  Gayle’s family has tentatively agreed to attend and chaperone the initial event, called the Warming Feast.  This virtually obligates the Rhineharts’ to attend.
“The bride’s family presents her and allows her to dance with the groom.  This is normally the only chance they have to intimately interact before the ceremony.  After their dance, the celebration turns into a party where singles socialize and search for potential spouses.  Scarlett hangs out with the Rhinehart family and Dylan stays with our family.
“The parents keep a close watch over the festivities and their children, but they also spend time circulating and getting better acquainted with their new, future in-laws.  The Warming is typically held in a large hotel banquet room because all travelers are invited.  But, with the record turnout we’re expecting, one hotel won’t accommodate our guests.  My family hosts this party.  Rave has generously offered to finance the entire shebang as a wedding gift for Scarlett and as a token of honor for my parents.  My dad has to approve the venue.  The Vaydem Preserve and the Ava’shay Houses are off-limits.  But otherwise, I’m open to suggestions…” Momma-C stated.
“I understand not having it on the Preserve.  But, what’s wrong with using the Ava’shay Houses?” Grandma Edie questioned.
“My mom tactfully pointed out that some travelers might assume the Reigns’ have already turned our backs on our people if it appears that we’re holding “our” celebration in “their” territory.  The Ava’shay Houses might come across as a little too…um…showy,” Momma-C replied, uncomfortably.
“So, your mom’s worried that others will think the Reign’s folks are getting too big for their britches…” my g-mom offered, casually and my jaw dropped.
That’s the second time I’ve heard that phrase tonight.  The Creator must need me to hear something…
“That’s precisely what she’s worried about.  My dad, Bradwell, is extremely influential among traditional gypsies.  He knows how to throw a memorable party, but he never puts-on-airs.  The other travelers know what to expect and need to see that we are still the same traditional Reigns’ clan.  As long as they believe that, the other travelers will follow my father’s lead.
“But, that victory will pose, yet another danger.  My dad will have access to thousands of sympathetic traditional gypsies.  They will back him up if he feels violated.  If my dad believes the Rhineharts’ are attempting to “steal” his daughter, he could easily decide to put them in their place and retaliate.  Then, a blood feud that has been dormant for a long time would resume, full-force and no-holds-barred.
“There have been whispers that some gypsies, both traditional and royal, are itching to wage another war.  The last feud ended in a shaky compromise.  Both sides sort of walked away with the understanding that each should stick with their own kind.  But, it’s a new day and many of the younger males feel they have something to prove.  It’s an issue of honor.  Traditionals’ and royals’ secretly believe their brand of gypsy life is better.
“Gayle and I have been so far removed from our former gypsy lives that to us, their desire to fight for an imaginary top-ranking position sounds infantile.  But, after a serious discussion, she and I reached the same conclusion.  They will declare war if things go wrong.  A gypsy feud is extremely violent and will cost many lives.
“Scarlett and Dylan need their fathers’ approval and mothers’ blessing to get married.  If either side rejects the marriage, the other family will feel dishonored.  And, that most likely would result in a clandestine and deadly war.  It will be waged under the noses of the authorities, but no murder will ever get solved.  Gypsies don’t bother with legal justice.  They believe in revenge and family retribution.  Talking to the authorities is actually a death sentence on our side of the fence…” Momma-C revealed and then, turned to Momma-G for her input.
“Royals feel the same way, only they refuse to get their hands dirty with the blood of their brothers.  They hire assassins and give them formal titles like Knights and Nobles.  They justify their actions through crafting fabulous tales of treason and treachery committed by the traditional gypsies.  These tales have not a shred of truth to them, but other blue-bloods either cannot or will not see the deception.  The royal mission is to incite the others to action, in hopes they will dub more Knights and Nobles to help their kin stamp out the uprising.  Each royal family is permitted only so many assassins to protect their crested area.
“I have maintained only casual contact with my family members throughout the years.  My parents gave me their blessing to marry, Jaxon.  However, they knew he was of Ava’shay royal lineage.  This is the sole reason they granted their approval.  Similar to Rave, he shares no gypsy heritage.  Therefore, my relatives have been content to remain in the background of my life, because I chose to marry outside of my gypsy lineage.
“My extended family maintains a closer relationship with Jaysen.  This is due largely to his selection of a gypsy bride that happens to have a matriarch for a mother.  Per Ay’sha custom, Grandma Edie is considered Ember’s “original” mother.  Matriarchs are always traditional bloodline gypsies.  However, they have the respect of the royals, too.
“Celeste and I are spiritually sealed as sisters.  This provides both sides with common ground and demonstrates that the two cultures can be blended into one…without dispute or bloodshed,” Momma-G told us.
“But, realistically our visibly close family ties will be, at best, a starting point.  Travelers and royals will be suspicious and looking for trouble.  The only shot we have at getting their blessing for Scarlett and Dylan to get married is to observe every gypsy wedding custom on both sides.  Nothing can be altered in the slightest.  We can’t deviate to accommodate Scarlett’s or Dylan’s personal preferences.
“The two cultures have never associated.  That means, without Gayle, I would be floundering around without a clue about royal gypsy wedding traditions,” Momma-C said.
“Need I remind you, Celeste that traditional gypsies are more secretive than any we have.  You knew about the dowry and I knew nothing about any custom you outlined,” Momma-G told her and Momma-C had to agree.
“So, we all understand what we’re up against.  We might have left our gypsy lives behind, but many of our loved ones are still living the Ay’sha life and observing the traditions.  They are deeply entrenched in the sacred bonds of their families.  And, they will fight and die for their honor.  If a gypsy feud breaks out, they all become vulnerable to execution.
“We have a lot riding on the outcome.  We’ve been standing at this type of crossroads before as a family.  The only difference is, this go-round, we have two additional, valuable assets, Elizabeth and Krista to help us.  So, by Monday, we need to have plans in action.  Scarlett hasn’t firmed up her date yet, but rest assured it will be soon.  I’m guessing the wedding will be within the next three weeks…four, if we’re lucky.  Gypsies are notoriously impatient.  But, that leaves us with planning, venue selections, propriety training with props, suitable clothing and all the pre-wedding events over and done with in twenty one days.  This will be a huge undertaking for all of us…” Momma-C stated.
“What’s ‘propriety training with props’?” I inquired.
“It’s a fancy term for teaching each of you how to act, dress and behave in both venues.  And, the stuff you’ll need for the next few weeks to pull it all off.  Propriety was the best word we could come up with and not giggle when we said it…” Momma-C replied and crossed a comical look with Momma-G.
They must have an inside joke because they were both struggling to contain their laughter.
“Some of the customs will seem archaic and others will seem outlandish.   You must maintain a polite, but detached decorum in all royal venues.  Your behavior, mannerisms and dress will be acclimated to the environment…” Momma-G offered after clearing her throat.
“So Krista…we’ll use you for an example.  As our youngest and only unattached daughter, the way you dress will be especially critical.  We, meaning your four mothers’ collectively, present you to the crowd in both venues…” Momma-C told me.
“Royal Ay’sha expect to see you decked out in lavish jewels, pristine heels and wearing a custom-made gown that is both elegant and somewhat, revealing…” Momma-G stated.
“Traditional gypsies like to see their girls wearing jewelry and heels, too – and overstated dresses that sparkle with crystals.  Think – poofy-blinged-out Cinderella…” Momma-C spontaneously announced.
My moms’ lost their struggle and started laughing.  Everyone joined in and my brothers fell over in hysterics.
“We agreed to keep our personal observations among us, sister of mine.  Royal venues require young gentlemen to maintain the utmost in solemn respectability.  Now Jaysen and Tray must wrestle to refrain from bursting into laughter every time a new debutant is presented in grand fashion…” Momma-G offered with tears streaming down her cheeks.
“It’s good for them…to refrain…from displaying their natural…reaction…it builds character,” Daddy-Jax stated.
“Not to mention…that it’ll keep the rest of us…entertained,” R-daddy added.
Momma-C ordered him to cool it, but everyone knew it was true.  The royal event will be like a tennis match.  Our attention will swing from the girl being presented, to watching our boys struggle to keep from laughing.  By the time it occurs, Reid will be enlightened and then, all three of them will be in trouble.
“Now, where were we?  Oh yes, travelers…traditional gypsies like the flamboyant and they love to dance.  Anytime a single traveler girl is seen in public, they are dressed to impress because they are always looking to attract a suitable gypsy husband,” Momma-C explained before g-mom interrupted her.
“Oh, while we’re on this subject, be forewarned, Bunny Baby, that you will get a marriage proposal or twenty.  I attended an engagement party with your Grandma Edie and I witnessed two little boys ask for the same girl’s hand in marriage.  She accepted one and she couldn’t have been old enough to drive a car…” my g-mom announced, worriedly.
“Calm down, Lizzy.  I’m sure Krista’s not going to trade her higher education plans to live as a traveler.  But, I will add this, in case you find yourself being swept off your feet by a traditional gypsy boy.  They believe that the female should stay at home, do all the domestic work.  They also expect you to be family-minded, immediately and repeatedly.  They don’t typically believe in using birth control.  They are proud of their sons and daughters, numbering in the double digits.  The mother takes full responsibility for all the child-rearing.
“Don’t take me wrong.  There’s nothing bad with living that life.  It’s a unique, fun, and safe existence.  The family members, and especially the females, are always sheltered by a protector or, in most cases, protectors.  Doms will zealously and maliciously shield their loved ones from harm.
“Doms also provide complete financial support for their families.  They have no problem financing multiple spa weekends and shopping sprees for their wives.  They take their families on lavish vacations and throw spectacular parties.
“Consider this, the earth is mainly a cold cruel world.  People sometimes feel lost, hopeless, depressed and abandoned by everyone.  Gypsies never feel those things – never.  They are always surrounded by loved ones.  They attend plenty of parties, have very delineated family duties and are proud to live up to those obligations.  It defines them.
“But Krista, you were raised by your mommy, Lizzy.  She’s more of a free spirit than I am and I didn’t think that was even possible.  She feels she has a reason to be concerned because gypsy life can be appealing.  Just stay mindful when you’re partying, Ay’sha-style…
“Speaking of gypsy boys and engagements…you should all know that I am the only female, in my whole biological family that bucked tradition and married a non-gypsy.   My parents didn’t technically disown me.  But, they strongly disapproved of my choice.  They refused to attend my wedding to demonstrate their displeasure.  I am their only flesh-and-blood daughter.
“Now, before anyone gets their nose out of joint over my parents’ rejection, I need you to understand something.  Ay’sha matriarchs are becoming extinct.  We can count them on less than one hand and three of us are members of this family.
“My parents realized there was a better than average chance that my female offspring wouldn’t receive that rare gifting because she wouldn’t have an Ay’sha Dom for a father.  Case in point, Lukas and I had Journey, knowing full-well that she would not become a gypsy matriarch.  And, we couldn’t give my parents any guarantees about our future daughters.  Hopefully, you can all understand now, why my dad had other plans in mind for me and what heritage my spouse should have been.
“My Lukas…well, he just had a way about him.  He managed to repair most of the damage with my parents after the commitment…” Grandma Edie revealed and my g-mom interrupted her.
“Did he atone through this “in-blood” custom?” my g-mom asked, unable to contain the burning question.
“No, Lizzy…he didn’t observe any gypsy custom.  Our plate was full at the time.  I’ll tell you all about it, later.  Frankly, I don’t know if he would’ve been willing to make amends through running a massive con.  I never asked him.  Lukas just fixed the problem because we needed to travel around with them, gypsy-style.  Hmmm…oh, well…that’s a puzzle for solving, another time.
“I lost touch with most of my gypsy family.  My cousin, Tabby is like a sister to me.  She’s about the only one I keep in close contact with.  I highly suspect my parents will attend the celebrations, wedding, receptions and what-have-you.
“Judging by the perplexed and embarrassed looks, it appears I need to clear up some confusion.  My parents, like most gypsies, make powerful contacts.  They use those contacts to spiritually jet around realms and live beyond earth’s borders, frequently.  Ever notice the fact that most Ay’sha folks don’t appear to age?  In layman’s terms, gypsies see a wrinkle and they abandon this planet for another, more forgiving environment…enough said.
“What Celeste and Gayle are planning is unprecedented in history.  The “who’s-who” of both Ay’sha worlds’ will be under the same roof – wary and celebrating.  It should be interesting.
“I provided that little history lesson because I don’t know how my bio-family will react or what they might say.  I assume they will question you, Tray about your gypsy giftings.  And, they will be thrilled to discover my daughter, Ember, and her little girl, Haven, are both powerful matriarchs.  I won’t venture to speculate about the rest of you.  Just keep in mind that they will view each of you as being “mine”.  And, they are 100% correct in that assumption.  I am proud to call all of you, my sons’ and daughters’ and my sister, Liz.
“Short of the Creator inviting me elsewhere, nothing can stop me from being there.  And I believe that’s enough of a sentimental sidetrack.
“Krista, traditional gypsy males typically spend more time on their public appearance than the girls.  They are handsome, charming and firmly, set in their ways.  If you find yourself drawn to one, keep this in mind.  Those hedonistic adventures we’re planning for you when you graduate will get tossed, should you up, and marry a traveler fellow…” Grandma Edie informed me.
“I don’t suppose Tray or Jaysen had a chance to inform everyone.  They’ve managed to finally nix my dating life, indefinitely.  Just ask them to fill you in on the details.
“G-mom, you can stop worrying.  I don’t know of any guy – gypsy or otherwise – that can pass your ‘in-depth commitment’ test or survive my brothers’ inquisition.  I plan on having a thousand more hedonistic adventures with you, before I even think about settling down.  So, you get how far we’re looking into the future, right?
“Oh, my rare and special present remains in my possession.  And, I’m still undecided on having one kid, much less thinking about them “repeatedly”.  I’m honestly terrified to think about adding to our family, considering how ultra-close I am to my niece and nephews…” I stated and tried to let the rest go without saying.
“So, ‘ultra-close’ is our chosen label of the day?  Our last meeting, I recall it being labelled as ‘wrapped’.  And Tray, you added…complete with…a…bow…on the noggin’…right??” Jaysen declared, coughing to mask his snickering.
“Yep!  Then, Krista comes in here…tonight…beatin’ around the bush…talkin’ about special presents…it’s too ironic!” Tray exclaimed and everyone burst into laughter.
“Alright…okay…I admit that they have me wrapped six-ways with bows.  But, I have loads of company in that particular category…” I offered before I joined my family in hysterics.
We all spoil the kids, rotten.  Not a single one of us can deny them, anything their hearts’ desire.  The adults in our family have actually held secret meetings to plot strategies.  For our own safety, we have to keep that knowledge buried.
Although I love the children equally, I have an exceptionally close bond with Zander.  I don’t know many details about his biological parents.  I know his birth mom, Vixie, was R-daddy and Momma-C’s oldest biological daughter.  When she was fifteen, she ran away, became a drug addict and got pregnant.  She abandoned Zander when he was an infant.  Vixie might have given birth to him, but he is R-daddy and Momma-C’s son.  He belongs to them, forever.
Before I became a sealed member of this family, I spent part of a summer travelling like a gypsy, across the country with Ember, Tray and Willow.  They had brought Zander (back then, we called him Boo-bear) along for the ride.  Those few weeks I spent with him had drawn us together.  During that trip, I felt a special kinship tie to him.  It has grown stronger through the years.
Zander was the most astounding little guy I had ever met…and, I loved him instantly.  That sudden and deep attachment to an unknown child, that summer, might have freaked me out.  But, I had long since come to terms with the way my unique heart operates.
I loved Ember from the instant she sat down with me in the cafeteria.  I felt the same deep, family attachment to her and I didn’t know her either.  Until I encountered Ember, I had never felt close to anyone, besides my g-mom.  So, I had spent several days attempting to sort through my new feelings.  In the end, I had wasted precious minutes when I could have just been thankfully enjoying the fact that the Creator had delivered my sister to me.
Once everyone settled down, Momma-C resumed the meeting.
“Gayle and I will be coordinating the traditional Warming Feast, one formal party called the…what was that name?” she inquired.
“It is called the Hosting Celebration.  Unlike the Warming Feast that offers buffet style food and a family type atmosphere, the Hosting can be thought of more as an early formal dinner party.  This event typically begins at 3:30 to accommodate all the festivities.  While the meal is being served, the Dom circulates through his revered guests…fancy term for members of his family and his close friends.  He welcomes each and they offer a monetary gift to include in the dowry.  The family name is announced, along with the amount given.
“The dowry is presented to Bradwell Reigns before the main course is served.  Taft will silently deliver the box, or in this case I assume several boxes to her parents.  It is considered disrespectful for the giver to speak during the exchange.  However, Bradwell Reigns is expected to personally acknowledge the dowry by way of raising a toast and offering well-wishes to the gift givers.
“We must discover a couple of solutions for the Hosting Celebration.  We need to gain the traditional gypsies acceptance of the dowry practice.  We must also convey the anticipated decorum the traditional gypsies must adhere to, without offending anyone in the process.
“Doms are not typically in need of social instruction because they are the leaders and not the followers.  Their wives will feel slighted if we even hint about appropriate wardrobe choices.  However, without some guided instructions, they will dress according to their customs.  What is considered appropriate attire for travelers is normally viewed as a spectacle in royal circles.  Our choice and manner of dress will be judged as ridiculous in their eyes, too should we come to their Warming Feast in furs and tuxedos.  We must avoid any awkward moments, for either side, at all costs.  After hours of labored suggestions, Celeste and I have still not arrived at any resolution,” Momma-G revealed.
“We are at a complete loss.  We’ve been affectionately calling the Hosting Celebration the dastardly dinner/dowry disaster…” Momma-C offered and everyone laughed.  
“Although I understand why the Reigns’ might consider the dowry money as a payment to “purchase their little girl” that is not how it is intended.  The monetary gift is a sign of acknowledgement for the bride’s family – the greater the amount, the higher the honor.
“It is a symbolic gesture of respect.  The Rhineharts’ will offer it to the Reigns’ to acknowledge their excellent parenting techniques.  For lack of a better explanation, the Rhinehart family wants the world to know, through a bold and sometimes obscenely large financial gesture, that the Reigns’ family did an outstanding job raising a fine young gypsy lady.  The cash, in this case, symbolizes that Scarlett Reigns is virtuous, beautiful and worthy to take their family name as her own.  Raising a royal-quality gypsy daughter takes years of devoted time, mothering, fathering and financial backing.  The dowry acknowledges this…nothing more.
“This will sound arrogant on my behalf, but again, I must be candid if we wish to solve this dilemma.  I was schooled privately with some of the most brilliant tutors in their respective fields’.  I was educated in standard academics and specialized subjects, such as anthropology and Egyptology – just to name a few.  I became fluent in forty different languages.
“My father screened, hand-selected and hired my academic compliment.  He chose what courses of academia I would follow.  My father permitted me to have a small say in a few of the areas.  Normally, royal children are not given a vote.  Education is provided to demonstrate quality breeding to others.  Therefore, my education reflects exclusively on my father.  He spent countless hours ensuring I was given the proper education, befitting of my station. 
“My mother was responsible for my education in all forms of social etiquette.  She screened and hand-selected instructors to provide me with finishing and refinement skills.  These included horseback riding, fencing, tennis and dance lessons.  My mother taught me strict adherence to social protocols, how to hostess a formal dinner party and the like.  She demonstrated the necessary mothering skills I would need to raise my own children.  Her influence should be evident in everything I do in my home – from instructing the staff, to pleasing my husband and caring for my children.  The way I conduct myself is a reflection of her mothering abilities.
“The dowry acknowledges their time and effort.  Jaxon’s parents presented my parents with a sizeable dowry, although they are not Ay’sha and the Ava’shay have no similar custom,” Momma-G revealed.
“I’m being nosy here, but Jax, mind if I ask how you got your parents to agree?” my g-mom asked.
“I requested that they present Gayle’s parents’, his Eminence Ashworth Elingston and his wife, her Grace Laurel-Anne Farham-Elingston with a monetary gift, in lieu of giving us a wedding present.  Out of respect for me and my expressed desire, they honored my wishes,” my Daddy-Jax replied.
“So, King and Queen Ivester viewed the dowry as a wedding gift?” my g-mom inquired.
“That is correct…”
“And Rave, you didn’t offer a dowry to Daddy Brad because he would’ve been offended?” my g-mom question with a gleam in her eye.
She’s up to something…
“Yep…” my R-daddy affirmed.
“But, you did give him a great big pile of cash for Celeste.  Yikes, Celeste honey, that’s not what I meant.  Forgive me…” g-mom stated.
“That was hilarious…there’s nothing to forgive,” Momma-C responded with a smile.
“What I meant is, Rave, you handed him a wad of dough that he expected to receive because you married his daughter.  You might’ve delivered it in a different way and through another means and at a different time, but Daddy Brad gladly accepted the money when you handed it over, right?” my g-mom inquired.
“Sure did,” my R-daddy responded.
“So, I say we just change the label to make it more palatable.  The “dowry” can be called the proceeds of Dylan’s royal in-blood custom or his blue-blood/in-blood wedding gift.  Celeste, you can tell your parents that those uppity folks have no conning skills to lend because everyone knows only traditional gypsies can pull off elaborate financial schemes with such great success.  So, this monetary wedding gift is Dylan’s way of being sorta in-blood by proxy – making it the same old custom your people are used to.  But, they can look at it as the royals observing it in a different way and giving a formal sounding name.
“You might even hint that because those poor uptown chaps lack the ability to complete the traditional in-blood custom, the other daddy Doms feel like it’s their obligation to help out their sons.  You can sorta suggest that they shoulder the responsibility collectively as a family – royal or traditional, that’s the gypsy way, right?” my g-mom stated.
“That’s brilliant!” Momma-C and Momma-G simultaneously declared.
They embraced my g-mom and thanked her.
“One problem down…a thousand more to go,” Momma-C stated.
“Let’s not bother looking at the big picture.  We’ll just take one step at a time and eventually, we’ll dead-end…” Grandma Edie said.
“As long as that dead-end isn’t located at the top of an active volcano, we should be good…” g-mom added, humorously.
“Thanks for painting the picture, Lizzy.  We’ll all feel around for an unusual heating source while we’re trekking through the dark…
“Alrighty, with that in mind, we continue onward.  Let’s take a creative approach.  Without thinking it through and considering nothing beyond appropriate dress codes, Gayle and Celeste, which side will be more flexible in adapting, outfit-wise?” Grandma Edie questioned.
They both agreed the royals would conform more easily.
“So, we start the celebrations with the Warming Feast.  That gives our side a chance to see the royals dressing the traveler part.  I can speak for all traditional gypsies when I say this.  They will not be outdone when it comes to fashion.  Royals showing up at the Warming, decked in traveler-worthy gear should force our people to conform at the Hosting.
“We’ll help the process along by dropping a few hints, to some key folks, about what we’re going to be wearing to the formal, royal shindig.  Celeste, it would probably be helpful if you would give your mom and Scarlett a preview before the Warming, of yours and Krista’s Hosting outfits.  Talk it up like you mean it…” Grandma Edie offered.
“I get what you’re driving at.  Travelers aren’t humble about wanting their sons and daughters to be the center of attention.  So, if I show mom what I’m dressing Krista in, she will naturally, try to outdo me.  She’ll have to get Scarlett an even better dress.  But, she won’t show it to anyone until the day of the Hosting.  And, she won’t be handing out helpful advice to the other mothers either…” Momma-C stated.
“That’s true.  I didn’t consider that.  Traveler moms’ remain in fierce competition with the other mothers.  Pricilla Reigns will keep Scarlett’s outfit hidden until the big reveal.  She might even intentionally offer some “subtle misdirected gypsy guidance” to the other moms’ about what their girls should wear to throw them off the scent…not good.
“Liz, you got anything??” Grandma Edie inquired.
“Well, well…let’s talk this out.  It’s Scarlett’s big day, so she should take the headlines.  Pricilla gets to call this big day, hers too, by mommy-proxy.  It’s not fair to put Pricilla in a position of having to share her fashion secrets, anyway – no matter how much we need her to spread the word about appropriate royal styles for this Hosting thing.
“Celeste can’t go around showing off her daughter’s outfit to everyone because that would be inadvertently, betraying her sister and mom.  That’s red-flag territory anyway, because she won’t be acting like a true gypsy mom if she shows the dress before she puts it on her daughter…” g-mom stated while pondering.
“Krista can’t spread the word either…same rules apply.  True gypsy girls never show their cards until the dealer has dealt everyone else in…” Grandma Edie interjected.
“Hold the presses…I think I’ve got a solution in mind.  Celeste, instead of personally crafting Krista’s outfits, you can just hire a famous gypsy dress designer.  Well, you’ve gotta locate one and then, you can hire her.
“But, that’ll do the trick…custom-made clothes by exclusive, Madame X!  You and Gayle can consult with the designer beforehand.  You can tell her which outfits are most appropriate for your respective parties.  Tell her about your dilemma, too.  Then, let her, a neutral third-party be the one to offer the clothing suggestions.  We could pay the designer a retainer fee for handing out her “free” advice.  That way if someone can’t afford her services or if she doesn’t have time to make their outfits, she could slip those people some helpful suggestions on the sly and maybe, email them some pictures.
“No one gets offended…everyone gets accurate information…and, all we have to do is pick a designer and leak the name to the royals before the Warming.  Gayle can handle that task, easy-peezy.  Then, at the Warming, we’ll circulate and “accidentally” reveal the name of our personal designer to the travelers.  We’ll also talk her up…ya’ know, let everyone know she’s the best-of-the-best…the tippy-top gypsy designer…everyone gets what I’m saying, right?
“We might have to install Madame Designer X a twenty-line phone system, rent her a warehouse and hire her some serious help.  But, the rest we can do as a family…” g-mom declared, impishly.
“That has to be the most inspired solution you’ve ever invented.  One of these days and soon Liz, you’re gonna share your secrets with me.  And, I mean all of them.  Oh, and I refuse to wait until I hit my true golden centurion birthday…you’re revealing those hidden treasures on our upcoming safari.  We’re not shooting at a single beast until you’ve given me the skinny,” Grandma Edie told her.
We took another quick break and I used it to call Ember, again.  I told her things are slowly starting to take shape.  I also revealed that grandma’s parents are probably coming to the party.  She was shocked until I explained how they are still kicking around at, what should be, their very advanced age.
Ember sounded relieved until I mentioned how proud they are going to be of her and Haven.  Her voice started quivering.  She misses her twins.  So, I quickly switched the subject to my recent “breaking-and-entering” adventure.  By the time we hung up, she was laughing and I was fighting back another attack of stress-induced yawns.
We reconvened in Jaysen and Ember’s living quarters, inside the House of Michael.  I wasn’t even close to being sleepy when I sat down on the couch in between my grandma and g-mom.  I was riveted by the upcoming events and wanted to offer suggestions to help my mommas’ if I could.
The topic turned to finding an appropriate venue that would be large enough, but not associated with the Ava’shay.  The last suggestions I recall hearing were a conference hall or civic center.  Everyone agreed that those are too impersonal.
My Grandma Edie had been stroking my hair.  It was so relaxing.  Struggling to stay alert, I kept nodding off and concealing my yawns.  Finally, I just surrendered to the urge.  I leaned over and put my head on grandma’s lap.
That did me in…I slept until my alarm sounded.
At some point during the night, my mommas’ had switched places with Grandma Edie and g-mom.  I woke up with Momma-C stroking my hair and my feet draped across Momma-G.
“What happened?” I questioned, still in a fog.
“Do you have any free time today?” Momma-C inquired without answering my question.
I needed to shut off my alarm and check my schedule.  Unfortunately, every muscle in my body was still entirely relaxed and refused to obey my order.
G-mom understood my dilemma.  She walked over, pulled my cell out of my pocket and performed the tasks for me.
“Let’s see…why, yes, she does!  Krista will join you for lunch between 3:00 and 4:00 this afternoon because she will not be running a 5K with Torry or anybody.  I notice, young lady, that after you eat breakfast with Audrey this morning, you aren’t planning on eating another meal for the next two weeks!” she exclaimed, accidentally discovering my overloaded life.
I retrieved my technological monster from her and prepared for the sermon of the century.  She didn’t disappoint.  My ten minute warning sounded.  That is the only reason she stopped lecturing me.
“I swear that I will reprioritize everything in my life around eating breakfast, lunch and dinner…” I vowed.
I knew with certainty that they all skip meals daily because of their hectic schedules.  But, because I am already rebelling by living on my own, I am expected to follow different guidelines without protesting.  I can only give them so much to worry about.  After giving them my word, I made the rounds saying “goodbye” and offering hugs and kisses.  I said farewell to my g-mom last.
“I love you, little Bunny Baby of mine.  And, make no mistake…I will find out if you try to creatively skirt around your promise this time.  Food, sleep and fun are not discretionary activities for you – think in terms of ‘more than mandatory’.  Notice, I added ‘fun’…and, I mean all three, daily.  I will help you remember them, if they slip your mind, again.  Understand me??” g-mom whispered.
“Yes, I get it!  No more skirting or I’ll show up with bells on.  I love you…” I told her.
The diner was a five minute trip from the gym.  So, when Jaysen trans-versed with me to my car, I cornered him for some answers.
“Okay, spill…what happened last night?  Someone sneaked in a Sleeping Beauty spell on me.  Who’s the culprit?” I asked and he shifted his weight, uncomfortably.
“Tray channeled mind depth and I offered you euphoric hypnosis.  But, before you start slinging reprimands, just hear me out.  Ember spoke with me through our marital tether after your first phone call.  She was concerned because you were yawning and sounded tired.  I shared the information with Tray and we kept a close eye out for subtle signs of exhaustion.  He and I discovered nothing alarming.  So, I assured Ember you appeared alert and healthy.
“However, after your second call, she contacted my mother for her thoughts on the subject.  My mother evidently agreed with Ember’s assessment and she forwarded the information to Momma-C, g-mom and Grandma Edie.  They in turn, issued a demand that I channel euphoric hypnosis to you as soon as you were in a comfortable position and ordered Tray to offer you a more restful sleep due to the late hour.  Although I waited as long as I dared, I have no successful means to defy them, singly…much less, rebel against their wishes as a collective.
“My beloved refused to resume her committee chairing duties until I assured her you were sleeping peacefully, safely surrounded by us.  So, please my baby sister, do tell…did Tray and I have any choice in the matter?” Jaysen inquired.
“I’m gonna give you both a pass because even if you’d told me what they were planning, I wouldn’t have been able to defy them either.  Being a kid in this family of overachieving daddies and strong-willed mommies has a tendency to make us normally rebellious children, docile and compliant, on occasion…” I observed, comically.
“Too bad we have no effective way of imparting that wisdom to our little ones.  No matter how we choose to label it, they have us completely wrapped…all day, every day,” Jaysen responded in kind.
After thanking my brother, I kissed his cheek, hugged him and told him not to work too hard.
“You should take your own advice or g-mom will appear and help you heed it…” he reminded me and trans-versed before I had a chance to respond.

Chapter Eight

I had intentionally kept the breakfast conversation lighthearted.  I didn’t mention the incident or ask any questions that might spook Audrey.  She walked away appearing relieved.  She planned to meet me after cheerleading practice for a ride to our study group.
My classes went by with ease.  I aced a challenge quiz and finished an entire homework assignment, while simultaneously taking notes on a chapter.
Drama practice was even easier than my classes.  I remembered every line of the play.  If I closed my eyes while I was singing the accompanying songs, I could recall every musical note.  I don’t play an instrument.  So, it was slightly unsettling to discover that my incredible recall could only be attributed to playing the recorder in fifth grade!
As I perused my calendar to schedule in food, sleep and fun, I made a note to ask Tray to channel mind depth to me on a nightly basis.  Well, if he can zap me with it remotely, that is…
“Hi Momma-C!” I announced across the restaurant.
“Hi, baby…thank you for clearing your calendar and tell Torry, I’m sorry…” she said, joining me.
“It won’t be necessary.  She messaged ‘yay’ and I haven’t heard another peep out of her.  Besides, you and I don’t get to see each other too often.  So, anytime you have available and wanna spend with me, I’ll make myself free,” I replied and she smiled in response.
After we ordered, she got down to business.
“I felt guilty about having your brothers perpetrate those channeling interventions last night.  Well, I did until I found out that you’re not taking care of yourself, properly.  I know you only get one chance to experience college life.  But, I’ll worry myself senseless if I think you’re not sleeping or eating…” Momma-C started before I interrupted.
“Hold on…here, look for yourself so you can share it with my other mommies…” I stated and handed her my technological monster for her viewing pleasure.
“Looks much better!  But be advised, g-mom and Grandma Edie will oppose only allowing ten minutes for fun…”
“Hey, neither one gave me a time limit,” I reminded her while she finished looking it over.
I will have to schedule a few more minutes for fun because Momma-C is right.  Grandma Edie and g-mom believe entertainment should get top billing.  None of us have time for another impromptu sermon.
 “What’s this X-2-S entry?”
“It’s a flash mob.  My cheerleading team is pulling off a prank…”
“Taking place at??”
“I’m not sure, yet…”
“Sounds like fun.  I know flash mobs are supposed to be a surprise, but I probably need those details,” she told me, sounding tentative.
“I’ll give you the full rundown.  The only thing I don’t have ironclad is the time.”
“Thanks baby.  Now, let me get you up to speed.  You didn’t miss much because we can’t seem to figure out a venue for the Warming.  My parents are both picky.  And, for this party, they are looking for two different things.  My mom wants personal and extravagant, but at the same time, she doesn’t want it to come off as too showy.  The other moms’ will bristle and refuse to bring their daughters if they think the Reigns’ clan committed mutiny by turning into gypsy royalty.
“My dad wants my mom to be satisfied with the venue.  But, he is all about security.  Think of my father as Tray protecting you, when you’re surrounded by a room full of armed killers.  You get the gist.  For my dad to approve, the floor plan has to be wide open and set-up for safety.
“Because this party will definitely have a record turnout, even renting all the banquet halls at the biggest hotels probably will not accommodate our numbers.  And, travelers’ have a tendency to get rowdy and belligerent.  If we over-stuff gypsies at a party, the police will be on the scene in less than an hour to shut it down.  So, until we can find a venue, the Warming will have to be put on hold until after the Hosting.
“We agonized over this and finally, tabled it about an hour before you woke up.  It would be so much easier if we could just have it at the House of Michael…oh well, that’s not an option.  And, you know where we’re at with it.
“The final item we discussed was you…” she offered.
“I’m almost scared to ask,” I replied because she seemed to be waiting on my reaction.
“You remember Momma-G and I talking about traveler and royal gypsy expectations last night?”
“Yep…”
“And, you are our single daughter, living on her own,” she remarked, uncomfortably.
“You don’t have to beat around the bush, Momma-C.  Whatever it is, you can just come right out and tell me…”
“Okay…here goes.  In the gypsy world…both Ay’sha worlds’…you wouldn’t actually be staying in a sorority, attending college or living away from us.  This is going to sound…well, I don’t…your life is fine…and, you are fine, really baby…” she stumbled and hesitated.
“And, you’re fine too, Momma-C.  But, I promise, you can just tell me.  I swear I won’t get upset or freak out or start crying.  I love you…”
“I love you, too.  Please understand this conversation is hard for me.  Momma-G and I have been away from the Ay’sha lifestyle too long, evidently.  Our daughters are strong-willed, free-spirited and independent.  We’ve worked hard to foster those traits in each of you because we value those qualities.  The problem is…our gypsy families don’t share our feelings.
“Once my parents are made aware that Rave will be giving Scarlett a Warming, my family will check you out.  They will primarily be using their investigation to see if I’ve turned my back on the gypsy life.  In many ways, I have.  If my parents were to discover that, and how I raise my daughters, then my dad would consider me a bad influence on my baby sister.  Single traveler daughters do not live apart from their mother’s.
“Wait Krista…hold that thought.  I would never ask you to leave school, not for them or anyone.  I’m your momma.  I’m proud of you and your accomplishments – all of your parents are.  Do not disrespect us by offering that suggestion to leave because it’s in direct opposition to what we want for you.  I won’t entertain the idea and I’ll be offended.
“We’ve been thinking about presenting a modified version of gypsy living.  Momma-G and I have already bucked tradition, once.  So, our families should be accustomed to our unique choices.  We’re actually banking on that.  But, in order to pull it off we’ll need you to do a few things.  I’m not comfortable asking you to change anything about yourself.  So, let’s just look at what I’m going to ask you to do as a temporary drama you’ll be performing on a world-wide stage…”
By the time Momma-C outlined what true gypsy girls are required to do on a daily basis, I was exhausted just hearing about it.  I have to change everything.  I have to dress gypsy-style anytime I am out in public.  High-heels and Ay’sha-style jewelry are a must, as well.  I can’t just casually pull my hair up in a clip either.  My hair has to be down and curled.  Plus, my make-up has to be perfect.
“The only time you can wear your standard stuff is when you’re cheerleading or lounging at home.  Remember though, this is only temporary…” she rushed.
“I know…and, I get why you sound so concerned.  It’s a big change.  But, really Momma-C, I think you’re forgetting who raised me.  G-mom forced me to mix things up, with everything, all the time.  At least, you’re not asking me to wear my outfits backwards and inside-out.  Dressing gypsy-style is the least of my worries.  Well, that’s only if you and I can go shopping.  I’ll need your help turning into a gypsy-traveler.
“I’m sure my sorority sisters will be elated.  I’ve been wearing my same old stuff for months.  Their wardrobes get rotated on a weekly basis.  And, don’t even get me started on how much they adore new shoes and accessorizing.”
“I’d love nothing more than to take you on a shopping trip, but your schedule appears to be out of control.  How about I just buy what you need and get it to you?”
“Sounds great…thanks,” I responded, wishing I could just blow off my commitments and go with her.
“No, my baby, thank you for doing this.  Once this wedding is over, you can go right back to jeans, tees and sneakers.
“Now, the final details on the ‘temporary change drama’ agenda…your car and a chaperone.  The car is the easy part.  We need to sorta glam up your ride.  One of your brothers’ will deliver a sports car to your house.  We’ll garage yours until the play is over.  I was thinking a Corvette,” she told me.
“I need four seats because I carpool, sometimes.  You think I could swipe Tray’s Camaro or Willow’s convertible Mustang?”
 “Sure, that’s not gonna be a problem.  Oh, little FYI, expect to get a refresher, driving safety lesson from whichever brother delivers the car.  They understand the reason for the sports car prop.  But, they’re none too happy that we’re not getting you a chauffeur or making you a wear a helmet.  If they try to pull that mandatory helmet clause on you, refer them back to me…
“The chaperone is going to present a couple of challenges.  You need a visible male to accompany you when you go out in public.  The chaperone should preferably be one of your brothers.  But, I somehow forgot that they’re getting ready for their annual bonding adventure.”
“Oh no, I forgot about it, too.  Now, I feel really guilty for scaring them and making them chase me all over the planet.  They also stuck around and helped me fix a few problems before getting back to their own lives.  Gimme a second, Momma-C.  I need to apologize, again and tell them I love them…” I requested, so I could send a text to Tray and Jaysen.
The men in our family take a ‘testosterone-type’ vacation once a year – called a man-cation.  They spend one week on their male bonding adventures.  They also spend eleven months and three weeks getting things in order so they can take seven paltry days off, together.
This year’s annual boy’s week out is even more complex.  My five-year-old nephews’, Luke and Mikey, are big enough to join them – as finally decreed by their reluctant mommies’.
Tray and Jaysen will be the only two adults on this upcoming trip.  My brother, Reid and my sister, Fallon finally get to take their honeymoon.  They have been married almost nine months and were barely able to carve out enough time for their wedding and one night, alone.  They are the Reigning Master and Mistress over the Rising Light House in Terria Tarrish. Grandma Edie is the Presiding Reigning Lady, making her the queen.  Even with three leaders on site, they stay overwhelmed with responsibility.
R-daddy and Daddy-Jax will be spending some quality “g-daddy time” with Haven that week.  I have no idea what their plans involve.  My niece is a girlie-girl.  She changes outfits several times a day to match her mood and activity.  Haven has no interest in outdoor camping with the boys where she can get dirty.
No matter which direction our males are headed, they are cramming weeks of work into these last hours before their jaunts.  And, I had taken up, sixteen of those precious hours because I vanished on everyone.
Their returning texts were precisely as expected.  They love me too and no worries.  I sent another text reminding them that I still feel bad.  They both replied with “ugh…stop saying sorry baby sis!”
“Okay, where were we?” I asked Momma-C, smiling at the duplicate messages on my phone.
“We were discussing your chaperone.  But, while we’re on the subject, let me say, I feel guilty for springing this gypsy wedding on all of you.  I know it’s a bad time.  I’m so sorry…”
“Wait…stop right there…now, I understand the “ugh”.
“You’re my momma and I’d do anything for you.  I’ll gladly rearrange my life, cancel plans…in fact, I’d drop every class if that’s what you needed me to do.  My classes will be here next semester, but I only have this one chance to prove how much I love you and Momma-G…” I revealed.
She reached over and squeezed my hands.  Battling the sudden impulse to sit in her lap, I stayed seated and silent.  We had pulled ourselves back together by the time our food was served.
“Now, we need to brainstorm and see if we can come up with another option for a chaperone.  Tray, Jaysen and Reid planned to take turns, but I was hoping you might have an alternative in mind.”
“Let’s see…I could ask my spotter, Jarron if he’d mind accompanying me places for the next few weeks.  He’s one of my best friends’ and I’ve known him since the first day of college.  He only works through the summer, so I assume he’d have the time.  I’d just have to clear it with his girlfriend.  How should I explain it to her?”
“Why don’t you ask Jarron if he minds being your paid bodyguard?  You can tell him and his girlfriend that you’re a gypsy.  Your extended family will be in town for a wedding and they expect you to have a chaperone in public.  You can even invite him and his girlfriend to the Warming Feast.  Your parents’ will take care of his salary...”
“I’ve never known Big-J to turn down a paying job.  So, he should accept…”
“That’s another challenge down.  Finding a Warming Feast venue is proving more difficult than I imagined.  We might be forced to have it at the House of Michael, if we can’t figure out something by Monday.  I don’t know how I’ll explain holding it in a palace and still convincing the travelers that my family hasn’t defected.
“Oh well, I’m giving it until Monday.  Maybe, something will turn up before then…” Momma-C told me.
She provided me the specifics for Jarron and I gave her all the flash-mob details.  She looked very disappointed when I told her it’s happening on Friday.  Evidently, she has plans on that day that can’t be altered.
She was going shopping with Willow after lunch, to buy my gypsy outfits.  Although I’m not required to wear any of them until Monday, I decided to change today.  I need to get the shock over with from my sorority sisters and cheerleading squad.  I won’t be able to fool anyone in Momma-C’s family if they come to investigate me on Monday and everyone I know is still gawking and squawking over my unexpected Ay’sha transformation.
I ate as lightly as I could, but cheerleading practice was still a bust.  My blood supply was divided.  I felt like I had swallowed a concrete beach ball by the end.
Jarron readily agreed to chaperone me on an “as needed” basis.  After hearing the incredible amount of hourly pay he would be receiving from my parents’ for the job, he begged me to use his services around the clock.
I made him call his girlfriend, Karin and ask her permission.  He reluctantly dialed her number.
Karin happily shouted, “…you might make enough to pay for our wedding.”  Her announcement echoed around the gym.
My handsome, dark-skinned African American spotter turned a bright shade of red, as his even more beautiful girlfriend excitedly continued.  He couldn’t get a word in edgewise.  He smacked me on the arm and mouthed, “…see what you just got started.”
I shrugged my shoulders, by way of apology.  It seems Karin has been strongly hinting that she is ready to walk down the aisle.  Although I was dying to discover if Jarron was also marriage-minded, he didn’t offer the information.  So, I bit my tongue and tried to dismiss my curiosity.
After giving Audrey my keys and asking her to wait for me in my car, I met Momma-C in the coach’s office.  I left the blinds closed because I knew she would be arriving via spiritual means.
The massive bags were stuffed so full I couldn’t carry them.  Once we stopped giggling, Momma-C handed me one outfit.
“Tray will deliver the rest tonight when he brings you the Mustang.  Oh and clear out your drawers and closet because this isn’t everything…” she told me.
Obviously, my new wardrobe is about to overtake my room.  Ah well, it’s the price for being a gypsy daughter.  Showering in the locker room, I changed and discovered I liked the gypsy style – well, minus the high heels.
Audrey wasn’t expecting my transformation.  She was reading a book when I tossed my items into the back.  I sat down in the driver seat and that’s when she glanced at me.
“Does Krista know…okay…that’s incredible…I was getting ready to give you the boot from your own car!  What just happened to you in there??  From what I can see through the glare…you look amazing.  Oh sorry, I didn’t mean it the way it sounded…” she tried to explain through the hysterics.
It turns out Audrey didn’t recognize me.  I joined her in the laughter and explained what occurred.
“So, you’re a gypsy?  I never would’ve guessed…” she offered and openly stared while I drove down the road.
After a quick drive-thru dinner, we headed to our study group.  No one paid any attention to how I was dressed.  It is nearly impossible to stun an active stoner.
We left at 10:00 p.m. because I still have a closet to empty.  My sorority sisters gasped in wonder as I strolled through the door.  After the initial shock wore off, they ‘ooohh’d’ and ‘aaahhhhh’d’ just like I knew they would.  Becca even dropped her glass of milk when she saw me.  Unlike Audrey, they unapologetically questioned me about my new glitzy wardrobe choice.  Strangely enough, I couldn’t manage to get a word in edgewise to answer their questions.  Eventually, I would have to leave them curious and still inquiring.  They will just have to figure out what’s going on the best way they can.
“Would you mind if I take a long, hot bath?” Audrey asked me, hesitantly.
“Not at all…” I responded.
A bath, of any duration, sounds divine.  And, I intend to take one, too.  Of course, it might have to wait until July…
I still had items stacked to the rafters when I saw Tray drive up.  I grabbed my car keys and head downstairs.
“Be right back…” I announced to my gossiping sisters without further explanation.
“Whoa, I’m not sure I want you wearing that…tight little…that!” my oldest brother exclaimed.
“Momma-C said, take it up with her…” I told him, comically.
“Come here, gimme a hug while I figure out how to deal with it.  I can’t just let you walk around outside, half-dressed.  But, I’m not about to take mom on, again today either…” he stated.
“I always knew you were the wise one in our family…”
“You’re only saying that because you think it’ll distract me from that way too skimpy, barely-there, outfit…”
Tray gathered me in a bear-hug.  My feet were dangling, but he didn’t seem to notice.  Minutes later, he was still hugging me and speaking softly into my hair…in brotherly avoidance.  He kept using terms like little, tiny, young, and innocently innocent.  He agonized over “…those clothes of his eminent lockdown” (in some place called Brotherly Hades) still hidden in the bags he promised to deliver.  Then, he worried over getting annihilated by Momma-C and Willow if those clothes went, by way of a ‘Tray-catastrophe’.  They had spent all afternoon shopping for my new wardrobe.
I had to agree with his annihilation assessment.  So, Tray switched to a safer topic.  He pondered over ways to temporarily blind every male in a fifty mile radius.
I had my head resting on his shoulder as I happily listened in amusement.  I was thoroughly enjoying the hug.  Reluctant to say anything, I was also completely content as he extended his hold and debated the issues with himself.  However, I had to draw the line when he decided to “try out some untested Tarrish blindness theory” on the next guy who walks by, in hopes that it will only be a “temporary condition in humans”.
“I’ll go back to being your modest little sister, as soon as possible.  You can relax…” I interrupted his diabolical scheme and he put me down.
“That’ll never happen…at least, not in this lifetime…with you wearing that…tight little…that!” he declared.
I could sense how close he was to picking me up, again and resuming the debate.
“It’s okay…I love you.  The fact is I would let you stand here all night and hold me…” I told him.
Then, I happened to notice movement out of the corner of my eye.  Is someone spying on us?
Nonchalantly surveying the environment, I didn’t see anyone.  But, Audrey’s cousin, Lester threatened to come back for her.  Tray will never leave me again, if he discovers that some crazy guy might be stalking my friend who is staying with me, in my house…in my room.
“Gimme a ride to my car, please…” I whispered, attempting to sound casual.
“I love you, too.  And I will, but I need to carry this stuff inside.  It’s a thousand pounds of skimpy…how can that even happen??” he inquired.
“Umm, I appreciate the offer, but my sisters are dressed for bed…” I reminded him.
“Say, no more…thanks for the save,” he said.
Tray is very traditional.  He raised Ember alone, until she was fifteen.  She is extremely modest because of his influence.
I could envision an unsuspecting Tray, having a full-blown stroke if he walked into my sorority house this time of night.  The term ‘skimpy’ doesn’t come close to describing my sisters’ pajamas.  And, not a single one is shy.
He handed me the keys, instructed me to drive slowly and told me to expect a driver’s safety lesson this weekend.
“Hey, before I jet…what are your thoughts on a genuine-jeweled helmet?”
“Let’s see…helmet-hair is helmet-hair, no matter how you dress it.  And, I might get my head chopped off by a jewel savvy thief if I go around wearing a million dollar headpiece on my cranium.  Lastly, all fashion accessories have to be mom and Willow approved until this gypsy wedding business is over…” I stated, humorously.
“I can’t win tonight!” he told me in exasperation before he dropped me off.
I grabbed my parking passes out of my car.  Tray made me drive the Mustang to demonstrate my current skill level, while he followed me in my Hybrid.  I crept along, at 5 miles per hour.  I even used my turn signal when I pulled into a parking space in front of my house.  He double parked, long enough to get out and say “goodbye” to me.
We exchanged “I love you’s” in between his vehicle safety reminders.  I rushed in and out until I had all seven bags in my room.
Audrey walked into my bedroom and gasped just like my sisters’ had done, earlier.  She offered to assist me.
“Thanks, but I have to decline.  Until I get some of this stuff in my closet, there’s barely enough room for me to maneuver.  Mind hanging out with…” I started to say, before she interrupted me.
“Hey, it’s no problem.  I’ll be in the basement den…praying that you don’t get buried alive.  I hope you don’t come crashing through the floors from all that blingage either.  That stuff’s gotta weigh a ton…” Audrey remarked before she left to go downstairs.    
Although I managed to find a place for every item, my area looked like a hoarder’s paradise.  Momma-C and Willow had even bought me a huge case filled with make-up and an even larger case of accessories.
I am no jeweler.  But, most of the dazzle appears to be authentic.  I noticed a note resting near the bottom of the case.  It read: It’s a good idea to put these items in your safe when you’re not wearing them.  Love and miss you, baby sis – xoxoxo Willow xoxoxo
After sending a text thanking my sister and Momma-C, I went about rearranging my hectic schedule, again.  My gypsy lifestyle is going to take even more minutes than I had allotted.  I can’t simply grab an outfit and toss on some earrings.
Tray assured me that he could remotely channel mind depth to me, all I have to do is call him.  But, he might have to use the channel on my professors’ during their classes.  It seems my study time just got usurped by ‘gypsy styling’.
I had to cancel every run I had scheduled with Torry.  After I explained my dilemma, she spent fifteen minutes riddling me with questions about my cool gypsy upbringing.  Oddly enough, my exploits with my g-mom and the travelling we did, fit into the Ay’sha lifestyle perfectly.  I told Torry a few truthful tales and apologized for bailing for the next few weeks.
Then, I cancelled my study group sessions.  I did this for three different reasons.  Jarron deserves to have a personal life too.  My nightly study sessions would drastically cut into his time.  Secondly, it’s one thing for me to potentially wreck my lungs inhaling secondhand smoke, but I didn’t want to force him into that position.  The third reason I cancelled my Hookah study time was for my sorority sisters.  Audrey’s presence has limited their ‘Krista-time’ for the last few nights, but that won’t stop them much longer.  My sisters have grown accustomed to using me as their late-night counselor.
I am giving myself a 2:00 a.m. lights out, curfew until this wedding is over.  And, unless I have a family, cheerleading or drama commitment, I plan to be home by 9:00 p.m.  I will just have to somehow, learn to study while I’m giving advice.
Pleased with my new streamlined-calendar, I went to the den to share the news with Audrey and my sisters.  They didn’t give me a chance to say much of anything.
Audrey told them why she was banished from my bedroom.  So, my new overstocked wardrobe took center stage.  I gave everyone permission to peruse my closet and my jewelry.  Everyone was still trying on, gossiping and admiring my clothes at 2:00.  I had to actually shout to get their attention.
“It’s light’s out time in the Stewart residence.  Please, re-hang or refold or return your items to the place you found them.  All jewelry goes in my safe.  You can keep the make-up and the glitter you’re wearing.  I love you all, but this girl’s gotta get some beauty sleep…” I yelled before I ducked into the bathroom to take a lightning-fast shower.
By the time I returned, everything was back in its place.  But, my sisters were semi-pouting about getting the boot from my room.
“I’ll be home at 9:00 sharp and we’ll all play dress-up, again…” I announced and they left, satisfied.
After sharing my updated schedule with Audrey, I apologized for not being able to give her a ride home from the Hookah study group.
“I can help you find another way.  Or, you could just come home with me and study here…” I offered, feeling guilty for not taking her into account when I formed my new temporary, gypsy-life plan.
  “I’d love to just come here and hang out.  Oh, my room at my other place will be available right on schedule too.  I don’t know how to thank you for everything…” she stated, uncomfortably.
“I’m happy to help…” I responded.
She rolled over and I called Tray.  I whispered and told him that I was ready.
“Are you laying in the middle of the bed…nowhere near the edges?” he asked me, worriedly.
“I promise…I’m safe in bed,” I replied.
“I love you, baby sis.  Night-night…”
“I love you t…” was all I had time to say before his mind depth swept me away.

Chapter Nine

My new look garnered many surprised, and mainly appreciative, glances.  My drama director, Marcus followed me around like a shadow.  I would have been more concerned about his sudden interest, but he promised to help me catch up with the rest of the cast members.  So, I ignored his stare-fest.
By the time I rushed into the gym for practice, I was barefooted.  I had taken my heels off right after lunch and carried them in my backpack.  I didn’t even have time to change before Piper came running in and announced Jordan was just involved in a car accident.
Operating on panicked auto-pilot, I ran into the parking lot to check on him.  Although his car appeared to be totaled, he claimed he was uninjured.  I still forced him to go get checked out and told him he couldn’t cheer without written permission from the doctor.
My heart was still pounding from the scare, so I cancelled practice.  The squad was torn between being concerned for their teammate and being ecstatic by this rare, practice skip, so close to competition time.
Jarron would stay with me while I waited for Audrey.  He strongly hinted that he was ready to start being my bodyguard.
“Have no fear…I will be using you, by this weekend.  I’m sure you’ll regret accepting before this is all over.  You’re gonna get sick of seeing my face.  My gypsy family is very traditional and heaven forbid, I be seen in public without male company stuck to me,” I stated.
“You make it sound like they wanna drag you into a cave and hide you from the population,” he responded, humorously.
“I’m sure my brothers have considered something that drastic.  They’re all older and beyond overly, protective…”
“Well, I’ve got two sisters.  So, lemme know if they find a cave that’s big enough and discover a successful way to permanently wrangle, you inside…”
He and I were still conversing when Audrey walked in and appeared confused.  I told her about the accident.
Stunned by my new ride, Audrey didn’t ask me anything about it.  She listened to me talk about my new clothes while silently admiring Willow’s Mustang.  I suppose Audrey doesn’t feel comfortable asking if I had impulsively purchased a sports car during my lunch break to match my wardrobe.
Our casual conversation suddenly, took a turn into “strange” territory.  She unbuckled and leaped into the back floorboard without warning.  I hit the brakes, reflexively.
“No!  No!  Keep going!” she demanded.
“Don’t jump!  Change…we can…stupid topic!” I shouted nonsense.
My mind temporarily exited.  Two scares, in one day are two, too many.
“Lester’s waiting!  That’s his truck.  Alan’s there, in his own car.  That means they brought back-up!”
“Okay, we’ll just go grab some dinner.  If they’re still waiting when we get back, I’ll call campus security and the police.  You’re all clear.  You can rejoin me.  We’re back out on the road,” I told her.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you…” Audrey stated.
“It’s fine.  I thought that might be your way of hinting that I needed to change the subject before all your brain cells fry to a crisp, like mine have,” I offered, using levity to try and steady my shaking voice.
As much as I wanted to avoid making Audrey uncomfortable or prying into her private life, I can’t continue dodging this subject.  Lester, Alan and their back-up might be dangerous.  If they are, I need to do something to protect all of us.
We sat in a back corner and I wasted no time.  I questioned Audrey about her cousin, Lester and his “criminal” gang, directly.
“I should’ve just told you from the beginning.  Lester and the guys aren’t dangerous to anyone besides me.  They wouldn’t have involved you at all, but you sorta ran into the middle.
“Alan and Horse were convicted of burglary a few years back.  They were just kids when it happened.  They stole a blender and a couple of copper-looking pots.  Who does that, anyway?
“Lester’s been hunting me down for my Pop.  I spent over a year warning my dad that I was going off to college.  He didn’t believe me – because to him, I’m a waste of space, good-for-nothing whore.  He has faith in those words, too.  He announces them drunk and sober.
“My Pop has always had control of me, Lester and every other person that’s not stronger than him and within arm’s reach.  I turned into the maid, the cook and the scapegoat when mom bugged out on us…” she stated, hesitating to take a sip of her drink.
“How old were you when the transformation happened?” I inquired, cautiously because I could sense her discomfort.
“Around five or six – it’s difficult to tell.  We didn’t really celebrate birthdays or holidays.  It’s hard for a little kid to keep track of time like that.  I started school late.  At least, that’s what I overheard the truancy officer tell my dad when he told him he had to send me or face charges.  He wasn’t certified to home-school me.
“When my mom left us, she was working as an exotic dancer.  I don’t remember much about her, except she had tattoos, was a drinker and got into fist-fights.  My Pop said she went from “dancing the hoo-chee to selling the hoo-chee”.  Lester’s mom, Estelle was my dad’s sister.  She was an exotic dancer with a sideline business of selling her body.  It’s sorta ironic…Estelle’s obituary listed her as a sales’ girl and her employer as the “Boos Thatch”.  I think both words were a misprint.
“At any rate, Estelle wasn’t interested in raising a kid, and my dad needed help with the farm.  I’m not exactly sure, but I think Estelle had Lester so she could sell him to her brother.  That all happened before my time, though.
“According to my dad, Aunt Estelle is the “whore who got my mom hooked on the hoo-chee”.  And, I was the whore who forced her to leave us.  I don’t know if there’s any truth to either comment, or if he blames us so he doesn’t have to look at the guilty party in the mirror.
“My mom’s best friend growing up was like a sister to her.  I call her my Aunt Angie.  Aunt Angie says my mom took off because she couldn’t take my Pop’s abuse, anymore.  She swears my mom loved me.  But, not even Angie has heard from her in the last several years and when she did hear from her, she didn’t ask about my welfare.
“I kinda think Angie tries to convince herself that my mom loved me to make herself feel alright about things.  See, my mom took my brother and sister with her and left me with my psycho Pop to fend for myself.  Maggie is about one year older than me and Roger was the baby.  He could walk and talk, but I don’t know how much younger he was than me.
“It’s odd, but no one considered that it was mom’s alcoholism that made her abandon me.  Well, no one blamed her horrible actions on her drinking, other than me…”
She stopped talking to take another sip, but this time I didn’t say anything.  She was delving into some private, hurtful territory.  I didn’t want her to feel like she had to continue.  But, evidently she needed to talk about it and the story spilled out like water from a broken dam.  
“My Aunt Angie still lives in Mississippi.  She tried to be like a mother to me, when she could that is.  But, my Pop hates her because what happened with me, occurred at her house.  It wasn’t Angie’s fault.  Ironically enough, it wasn’t my Pop’s fault either.  At least, not in this case…not really.
“Angie’s live-in boyfriend wasn’t around too often.  So, she usually had to hire a handyman when she needed something repaired.  She lives in an old house.  Her handyman’s name was Tito and he was Italian.  He seemed so romantic and sophisticated.  Unfortunately, he was neither of those things, but he did talk a good game.  He preyed on my weakness and helped my Pop prove that I really was a cheap whore.  I was easy pickings for a smooth operator like Tito.
“Tito knew I was just a kid, but that knowledge made me more appealing to him.  I started skipping school and riding my bike to see him.  I was only thirteen when I got pregnant.  I was so naïve.  I really thought he was gonna whisk me away, save me from my horrible life and we’d be this happy family.  Such a stupid kid…
“Well, I’m sure you can guess how fast Tito, no last name or forwarding address, disappeared from the state.  But, he didn’t vanish until he had me fully convinced that he was coming over to pick me up.  All I needed to do was go get my things.
“I rushed home, made my big announcement and my Pop pounded on me to “knock some sense into my dumb, thick, whoring skull”.  He beat me senseless.  I’m shocked I survived that attack, much less the baby.  I didn’t leave the house for a week because my Pop didn’t want his nosy neighbors talking.
“He confronted Aunt Angie and told her she’d have to fix this mess because she’s the one that did it.  It’s not like she introduced me to Tito.  In fact, I don’t even think she realized I even knew her hired handyman until she found out about my pregnancy.
“Long story short, my Pop ordered me to stay hidden at her house.  He told the truancy officer and the social workers I took off to be a cheap whore like my no-account mom.
“I gave birth to my son, two months early and three counties over.  Tucker was just seven months when he arrived.  He was small and sickly.
“My Pop was there when I had him.  I knew my baby wouldn’t survive under his roof.  He took one look at my son, laughed and called him a scrawny weakling.  He announced we were moving because I couldn’t come back home with or without that bastard.  The neighbors were already gossiping.  So, he packed us up and we were leaving when I checked out of the hospital.
“He also informed me I would have to earn triple my keep when we got where we were going because I had a whore and a weakling to feed, on top of paying him for rent to put up with the both of us.  I didn’t know how I could earn my way, but I knew my Pop meant what he said.  I was only fourteen, but his days of support were officially over.
“I begged my Aunt Angie to keep Tucker with her in Mississippi.  She didn’t have much money, but agreed to raise him as her son.  Fortunately, I had registered under her name at the hospital.  So, she’s listed as his mom on the birth certificate.  Her live-in bailed on her when she brought home a sickly preemie that wasn’t even his baby.
“That was seven years ago…
“I try to send her money, anytime I have extra.  She doesn’t have a phone, but she writes to me from time-to-time at my P.O. Box.  She says Tucker is doing great, handsome and smart as a whip.  She wants me to make something of myself.  I promised her I wouldn’t go near alcohol or drugs or places that sell them.  With two parents lounging around at the bottom of a liquor bottle, I have a huge chance of repeating their mistakes.
“Dante knows about Tucker and the promise I made to my Aunt Angie.  But, he says I’m not required to drink just because I’m sitting in a nightclub.  I could have water, stay completely sober and support him.  He said I’d do it if I really loved him and he’s right.  The men in my life typically do turn out to be right about me…a no-good, useless, cheap whore…a worthless, unsupportive, selfish girlfriend.
“Listen, Lester had it rough when I had to move in with Aunt Angie.  My Pop turned his focus on his worthless nephew.  He was supposed to be the man in charge when my Pop was out.  So, in his twisted way of thinking, my pregnancy was partially Lester’s fault, too.
“My cousin got regular beatings, but I guess they got worse when I wasn’t there.  He and my Pop really do believe I’m going to college to thumb my nose at them.  The only thing my cousin has to do is deliver me home.  My Pop will beat me back into my place or beat the breath out of me.
“Lester wasn’t the brightest bulb in the pack to begin with.  Then, he started drinking to numb the pain and things went downhill from there.  He needs financial support and my Pop is a functioning alcoholic.  He farmed and worked a job in Mississippi.  Here, he holds two jobs even though he drinks, every day.  People who know him will call you a liar if you say one bad thing against him.  He’s good at hiding his drinking and the fact that he’s violent.
“Everybody loves good old Oscar…stuck with a moron, charity case nephew and that worthless, cheap whore for a daughter…
She took another quick sip and then, she changed the subject.
“My friend, Jules, at the diner reminds me of my Aunt Angie.  I think that’s why I hang out here so often.  Sometimes, when she’s telling me a story it’s all I can do to keep from bawling.  It makes me miss my Aunt Angie and Tucker…” Audrey said and finally, fell silent.
She was red-faced from humiliation and quietly crying.  I needed to do or say something to make her feel better.  So, it would be my turn to reveal some of my own, personal history.
“My birth parents were both coke-heads, when they couldn’t find any heroin.  They were living in a group home together before they ran away.  At some point, in-between main-lining and ingesting cocaine, my birth mom got pregnant.
“My chemically addicted, teenaged parents were living on the streets in Atlantic City.  My g-mom loves to gamble.  She lost her husband, four months before taking a trip to New Jersey.  She hadn’t left her house since the day of his funeral.  Some friends of hers were headed to Atlantic City for a long weekend and invited her to tag along.  They expected her to decline.  But, she said she just couldn’t resist going.
“On her way into the casino she was staying in, she happened to notice this homeless boy scrounging through their dumpster.  He was looking for stuff to eat or sell.  My g-mom bought the guy some take-out.  She didn’t speak to him when she delivered it because she didn’t want to spook him.  She just left the food beside the dumpster, smiled and walked away.
“The next day, my g-mom delivered the guy breakfast, lunch and dinner.  My birth mom showed up with him on day three.  Her pregnancy was showing.  So, g-mom brought them out enough food for three people.  It continued just like that for nearly a week.
“My g-mom checked into a suite for an undetermined amount of time. She couldn’t bring herself to leave this young, pregnant couple to starve.  But, she couldn’t call Social Services to help them either.  My g-mom was also raised in the foster care system.  She had been abandoned at a church as a newborn.  She had a couple of decent foster homes, but most weren’t so decent.
“Her idea was to somehow, convince this young couple to go into drug treatment.  Then, she would help them get their lives back on track.  I have no doubt she could’ve done it, too if they were at all interested in what she had to offer.  They weren’t…
“My g-mom gained their trust through warm smiles, silence and food.  She eventually managed to convince them to accompany her inside the casino to take a shower.  G-mom has a close friend in Atlantic City that’s a physician.  Doc agreed to make a house call and be non-threatening and discrete.  It took some serious convincing, but eventually my birth parents agreed to the physical.  They refused to disclose their real identities.  They asked to be called Harry and Sally after two characters in an old movie.  Amazingly, my birth mom was drug/alcohol free at the time of that check-up.
“Neither one of my bio-parents mentioned what they wanted to do with their unborn baby.  They asked Doc for a narcotic’s and/or Methadone script.  Methadone is a synthetic form of heroin.  The physician couldn’t just hand them a prescription without being able to follow up.  So, Doc and g-mom offered to get Harry and Sally an apartment in a luxury treatment facility that caters to drug dependent, pregnant couples.  But, like I said, they weren’t interested in getting off drugs, just getting high.
“The physician handed them his business card and told them to call him anytime, if they change their minds.  They tossed the card in the trashcan while he was still in the room.
“Hard core drug addicts will bolt at the first sign of trouble.  So, Harry and Sally were headed toward the door.  My g-mom did everything in her power to get them to stay.  She even offered to get them Methadone, if they would agree to live in her suite until I arrived.  Not even the promise of a warm bed, food and free drugs alleviated their paranoia.  They still took off and g-mom lost them at the bus terminal.
“Next, she called the best private investigator in the country.  He agreed to fly to New Jersey, immediately.  G-mom was actually headed to the airport to pick him up, when my birth dad reappeared in the alley.  He had me wrapped in newspaper, naked.  He told g-mom ‘his woman’ was back to using, again and he needed to take her to the hospital.  Harry asked g-mom if she would take care of me for the afternoon and she readily agreed.  She wrapped me in her jacket, so no one would get suspicious.
“Her friend, Doc would give me a complete physical while g-mom went shopping.  She brought me essential stuff, diapers, formula and clothes.  When she returned, Doc announced I was a full-term, 6 pound, healthy infant with no drugs or alcohol in my system.
“I’m sure you won’t be shocked to hear my bio-parents didn’t return for me.  My g-mom had already paid that P.I. to track them down when she had him flown in.  So, he did what he was paid to do.  It took several days because no one knew my birth parent’s real names.  The other street kids called them Dirty Harry and Crazy Sally.  The investigator’s notes said they gave them those nicknames after they saw some old movie and all my birth parents could talk about was going on a major crime spree.
“The P.I. found Harry, high and incoherent.  Once he sobered up, the investigator asked him some questions.  He secretly recorded their interview for my g-mom.  I listened to that recording, once when I turned twelve.
“Harry told the investigator that Sally had O.D.’d right after she had ‘it’ – ‘it’, meaning me.  He rambled for a little while about how ‘it’ was like a black plague and a curse from hell because no matter what they did, they couldn’t get it to go away.  He explained that Sally had gone to one of those free women’s clinics when she found out she was pregnant to get rid of the problem.
“According to Harry, Sally walked out and told him, ‘…the abortion failed and there’s nothing we can do but have it and dump it, maybe in the river cuz it’s not too far away’.  The investigator noted ‘probable – Sally couldn’t go through with the abortion’ because that’s the most logical assumption.
“Anyhow, Sally gave birth in a public restroom inside a train station.  It was the one closest to a legit heroin dealer, according to Harry.  He said suits – meaning business people – are suckers for pregnant girls.  So, he had Sally hitting up commuters for spare change with a sob story, when her water broke.  He took the wad of cash from her before they ran into the restroom.  He promised to find Sally a fix as soon as she got her own body back without the invasion.  It didn’t take too long before the alien landed.
“Sally didn’t look at it.  She just told Harry to take it to the river and then, hurry and get her drugs.  But, he saw dollar signs somewhere along the way and decided to sell it.  He just couldn’t seem to figure out how to advertise a baby or what price to charge.  All he knew is “suits don’t want no strings attached”.  So, Harry couldn’t take me back to where Sally was because he was sure he’d get no takers.
“The longer he tried to figure it out, the shakier he was getting.  He also needed to get back to Sally.  She was still bleeding in the bathroom and waiting for him to toss one problem and bring her that fix to, well, fix her other problem.
“Harry said his mind got scrambled and his shakes were getting real bad.  So, the only thing he could think of was to give me to the Alley Lunch Lady…their nickname for my g-mom, until he could locate a buyer.  He hid me under his jacket on the bus ride and I didn’t make a peep.  He fished the newspaper out of the Casino dumpster because he wasn’t about to give up his last, good shirt for anything.
“Sally was in a bad way by the time Harry made it back to her.  She was so weak he had to push the plunger.  He said Sally didn’t use smack while she was carrying that “black demon curse”. He should’ve thought of that, but he didn’t.  The stuff he brought her was too pure.  She started foaming at the mouth, but he couldn’t call for help until he came down a little.  He didn’t want to get arrested or mess up his buzz.  Harry told Sally not to die on him, but she did it anyway.  So, he carried her to some abandoned building, covered her with cardboard and drew a cross on it with crayon.  Then, he used the rest of her cash to party.  He claimed that’s the way she’d want it goin’ down because that’s what he’d want her to do.
“Harry told the investigator he believed if he’d just dumped me fast, like Sally wanted, she’d still be alive.  So, that’s all the proof he needed that I was nothing but a curse.
“The investigator called my g-mom and told her about the recorded interview.  Harry was yelling in the background that he was “done talking without some cash incentives”.  G-mom offered to pay Harry to come back to Atlantic City long enough to sign some papers.  He would only agree to come back, if she gave him a down payment and he didn’t have to see me.  She instructed the P.I. to give Harry two hundred dollars and escort him back.
“Harry had a change of heart before he got on the airplane.  I figure that two hundred dollars was burning a hole in his pocket.  He managed to give the P.I. the slip in the crowd.  The investigator my g-mom hired is still the best P.I. in the United States.  He couldn’t find Harry, again although he spent ten long years obsessively looking in between his other assignments.
“We assume Sally is dead, just like Harry told us.  There’s no record of her or trace that she even existed, anywhere.  None of the Jane Does’ found ever matched her description.  I guess it’s possible that Harry threw her body in the river.
“My g-mom decided not to worry with the legalities.  She simply tucked me into her life and raised her daughter.  She got me a birth certificate, a passport, registered me for school, etcetera.  There’s not much of anything that will stop my g-mom from getting what she wants.  I’m her little girl, her daughter and I always will be.  She’s my mom – period – end story.
“So bio-mom, Sally didn’t want me, well besides wanting me out of her body.  I was supposed to be aborted.  Bio-dad Harry believed I was a plague, a demon curse, an alien invasion and/or a sellable item.  That’s all we know about my beginnings.  And, it’s not very heartwarming,” I told Audrey.
“Do you hate your birth parents?” she asked, quietly.
“Of course not!  Harry and Sally contributed their biological resources.  I’m grateful that they gave me life.  I could never hate my biological donors…”
“Did you accidentally stumble across Harry’s tape?”
“No, g-mom has always been honest with me about where I came from.  And, she agreed to let me listen to the recording when I turned twelve, if I wanted to.  I didn’t cry or get upset when I heard his tale.  In fact, all I felt was grateful that Harry made that bus trip and gave me to my mom,” I revealed.
“It’s funny…I thought g-mom was your grandmother…”
“The ‘g’ in g-mom stands for great, not grandmother, like everyone naturally assumes.  I’ve called her g-mom from the moment I first learned to speak.  She’s my great-mom.  But, you’ll hear me refer to her as my grandmother in mixed company.  It’s less confusing and easier to let people be guided by their assumptions.  In reality, g-mom, Grandma Edie, Momma-C and Momma-G are my four moms.  All are of the adopted variety, not the blood-relational kind.
“Audrey, I meant it when I complimented you on your chosen family at the diner.  Grandma Edie is famous for saying birth doesn’t make anyone a parent.  Biology doesn’t mean that much…not to gypsies and not when it comes to the love of a real family,” I stated.
She reached across the table and hugged me.  Then, she excused herself to go wash her face.  No one besides my immediate family knew about my beginnings…until now.
I smiled to myself as I remembered the exact conversation me and g-mom had, right after I finished listening to Harry’s tape.
 “Thanks for loving me…” I had told her when I pressed stop on the recorder.
“You don’t have to ever thank me for loving you.  You’re my daughter, so nature, naturally took care of that for you.  My love is just a constant, unchangeable given…”
“Well, okie-dokey…then, I’ll thank you for saving me that day…”
“I can’t take much credit for that one, Bunny Baby.  You were sent special delivery post-dated, through your g-daddy, Pritchard. He wasn’t here to give you to me in the flesh, so he did it through your birth parents’, Harry and Sally.  But, you should never doubt, you were always our baby girl.  I learned to never question Pritch about how he does things.  He was my heaven-sent miracle worker and death didn’t change anything more than his location.
“Our Bunny Baby Krista…his gift from up above…you are the biggest blessing in my life.  I’ll never have another mega-sized blessing delivered to me and I’ll never want to either.  That’s what makes you my specially-special one and only little Bunny Baby.
“The four months I spent between holding Pritch in my arms and holding you were the loneliest minutes in my life.  Turns out, I wasn’t only sad because I missed him, oh so much.  I was also sad because my soul was still searching for you, my daughter-in-waiting.  I just didn’t know that I was supposed to be looking for my little girl, until I found you.
“I wasted four months of precious living, being sad and lonely.  But, that time-sucking waste could’ve been avoided.  I didn’t just stumble across Harry that day…nothing happens by chance.  Pritch and the angels shoved him into my path, so I could find Sally.  She was temporarily holding my baby for safe-keeping.
“This lesson is something a beautiful newborn taught me about twelve years ago and it’s one I share, quite often.  Don’t be surprised, when you discover your loved ones hidden among strangers.  And don’t be surprised either, when you find what you were looking for and you didn’t know you were even searching.  The Maker likes to keep us kiddos in suspense from chapter-to-chapter.  It’s what keeps life interesting and keeps us moving forward.  Sometimes chapters turn fast and sometimes, it might feel like the pages in our life-books are frozen solid.  But, never doubt, the next page will eventually unfold and then, there’s no telling what blessings might be waiting…
“So, beautiful baby girl of mine, which one of us should be thanking the other?  After all, you saved me the same day I saved you…”

Chapter Ten

Thankfully, Lester and his crew were nowhere to be found when we got home at 8:30.  I told Audrey I would have to call campus security if they show up again.  I would not have any other choice.  She said she understood, but I could hear the reservation in her voice.  She feels guilty about the beatings her cousin took.  And, she certainly doesn’t want my sorority sisters mixed up in her private affairs.
That confrontation between Lester and the police will create some major problems for me too.  A campus-wide notification is required by law if security responds to any violent or stalking incidents.  My family will find out and then, my college career is over instantly.
Also, my unfamiliar, extended gypsy family members will be lurking around, conducting an investigation.  Campus security will be on high alert and will pick up patrols in my area.  My mommas’ are already stressed out enough without having to go bail a family member out of jail because they got caught spying on my sorority.
The only solution I could think of was to ask Tray to help me.  I need Audrey’s new housemates to let her move in tomorrow, instead of two weeks from now.  I finally sent the text, requesting a quick favor and apologized, twice for causing trouble.
“UGH stop! Go to car alone n text me. C ya’ in a sec.”
I rushed by my sisters and said, “Be right back!”  After making sure the coast was clear, I sent my brother a text and he joined me.  I gave him the extra quick version of what I needed.  Then, I cringed when I handed over Audrey’s new address because I fully expected to get the third degree.
Tray gave me a perplexed look before trans-versing to that location.  When he gets back, the inquest will begin.  I was preparing a flimsy excuse about needing privacy or our gypsy family getting suspicious of Audrey.  Neither one had a ring of truth, but I couldn’t craft anything better.  Less than one minute later, he returned.
“Mission accomplished…” Tray stated.
“Thanks, clock me owing you another,” I replied.
My excuses, flimsy or otherwise, would never be explored.  Tray glanced at my outfit before his inquisition began.  Then, he launched into another brotherly speech of concern about my tight and skimpy non-existent outfit.  I interrupted him, reminding him that he left something important to do me this quick favor.  He looked at his watch and said, “Oh…yeah…I forgot all about them!”
He gave me a feet dangling, bear-hug and kissed my forehead.
“I never thought I’d be taken down by gypsy fashion…geez!  I’m ready to keel over…that outfit…that…that you’re wearing!  I love you, my Little KK!  I have to go, but I’ll see you this weekend…” Tray said before he veiled and disappeared from view.
He hasn’t called me ‘Little-KK’ since my senior year in high school.  I need to ask Momma-C to check on him and coax him into venting about my gypsy transformation.  Tray is age-regressing me in his mind and if he doesn’t talk it out he’ll come unglued.  If Momma-C doesn’t intervene, and fast, my oldest brother will have me wrapped in bubble-wrap, locked inside an Ava’shay shield and riding, buckled in a car seat to Scarlett’s wedding.
Audrey’s new housemates called while I was outside.  They told her she could move in tomorrow.  She was thrilled.  And I was relieved, too because Lester won’t know where to find her.
We turned out the lights at 2:00, but Audrey was still agonizing over whether to attend Dante’s performance and drink soda.  With my promise to show up and support her, she finally decided it would be okay to go.
Her boyfriend’s band needs to draw a large crowd.  So, I plan to send out a blanket text to the students I know and invite them.  Hopefully, a large number of my acquaintances will show up and help Dante get this gig he so desperately wants.
My original plan was to do the recognizance for the flash mob by myself.  However, my unanticipated, time-consuming gypsy lifestyle made that impossible.  So, I turned to a close, reliable source and asked her to collect the information I require.
Suzie, the captain of the university’s athletics boosters club, called me at 6:30 in the morning.  Audrey didn’t even roll over.  But, I still ran and hid in my bathroom to take notes on what she discovered.
“Sorry it took me so long.  But, you said call anytime…” she whispered, worriedly.
“It’s fine and I appreciate everything you’ve done.  So, tell me, tell me, what did you find out??”
“This Intel was really worth the wait!  Okay, Wally Baxter #4 is the captain of our rival football team.  That, you already know.  Here’s the 411 on their quarterback.  According to my best friend’s cousin, he has more campus female attention than a celebrity.  Dogged, day and night were the exact words used to describe it.  He’s not dating anyone too seriously, at the moment.  His posters’ suggest he likes swimsuit models with overly pouty lips, plenty of air-brushed cleavage, damp hair and sun-streaked highlights.  That’s so cliché.  I’ve got a pic of the poster hanging over his bed and one of his ex, Hope.  I’ll send them when we hang up.
“Hope Fisher is the most recent ex.  My best friend’s cousin had his girlfriend bump into her for you.  She chatted her up and I’ve got all the details.  Hope says Wally is nice in a dopey kinda way.  He’s a smooth player that likes a ‘take-charge’ woman.  Players don’t usually go for a take-charge woman.  But, that’s what ex-girlfriend Hope says about our victim.  They dated for about eight months before she moved on and ended it.  Straight forward reasons behind the romance fizzle.
“Hope’s swimsuit-modelish figure and long legs get her plenty of her own attention.  But, an intellectual man that watches documentaries and reads for enrichment is more her type.  Wally’s also more apt to cuddle with, and talk to, his game winning football or hangout casually with his non-athletic friends during season.  Those two things don’t make sense either.  I promise you that’s what Hope said.  He loves his football, but only hangs out with non-jocks during season.  Go figure??
“Our girl Hope is headed to the Ivy League for grad school and wants to join the Peace Corps, afterwards.  Wally’s not interested in grad school and will probably be headed somewhere that very decent, but non-committed All-Stars, with a solid C-average, go…like into high school coaching.  No NFL scouts are seriously looking at Baxter.  At least, not any were reported by his amicable ex, Hope.  Of course, she doesn’t even like football, so what would she know about it.
“They parted friends.  He’s friends’ with all his ex’s.  And, he’s a real nice guy – at least to his girlfriends he is.  The last thing she said was that he’s hard to get to know.
“Hope’s already dating a community college, department chairman.  So, she didn’t have any reason to misinform Monica.  She’s not interested in getting back together with Wally.
“Now, just gimme a minute to find my notes on their lucky-pre-game Friday ritual…” she stated and I heard her rustling papers.
College football teams are notoriously superstitious.  They have lucky pre-game and game day rituals, they perform without fail.  I knew LVU’s ritual takes place on Friday nights after their practice time.  But, that was all the information I had on it.
“Okay, this is even better than the female type Wally goes for…here are the details.  Their pre-game ritual is called the Friday Feasting.  The players have to repeat this ritual every week, during the season.  They even do it on their bye-weeks, so it won’t throw off their winning mojo.
“It takes place at the big mall near LVU.  Each position has an ‘assigned’ seat and they are actually labelled.  Can you believe it??  The seats were picked by some jock years ago, or maybe some mall marketing specialist.  But, regardless of who chose, what, all first-string LVU football players follow the tradition…like the tribal custom dictates.  They sit in the same positional seat, in the same food court and eat the same meal, from the same vendor like the former players have done for years.
“But here’s the best part…they wear their actual game jersey they are supposed to play in.  The mojo won’t stick to anything else.  So, LVU will be wearing their away jerseys, tomorrow!  That’s right…their really, real, away game jerseys that they should be playing in at our Thursday night game!!!” she squealed.
“That’s almost too good to be true!!” I exclaimed, while trying to keep my voice to a whisper.
The flash mob I have been orchestrating is called X-2-S.  Each cheerleader picked one position to go head-to-head with.  And, I will be taking on their team captain.  The object is to get our selected player to exchange one personal item for one item we are wearing.  The only catch is, in order for the exchange to count, the item has to have their university’s brand and/or display the jersey number and/or football team affiliation. The guys on my squad are going to secretly video the exchanges to authenticate that the player already surrendered to our team before the actual game.
We were shooting for university t-shirts, ball caps or, if the cheerleading-stunt angels were flying around us, those players would hand over their letterman’s jacket.  But, in an ironic twist, we have a rare chance to snag an even more valuable item.  The players will be wearing their actual away-game jerseys!
I could almost hear the angelic choir singing!  Thank you, my Creator!!!
Suzie confirmed the time that I would be telling everyone to head over to enemy territory.
“The message will be fairly generic, except the part about the dress code.  I’ve got about forty people who I can station at every entrance.  I have to make sure no one comes in wearing our university gear if they want to participate,” I told her.
“You should run another contest to see how many students show up in something with our college logo.  People never listen…” she said.
“Well, no one’s gonna willingly exchange their college’s t-shirt for one that has their enemy’s emblem, emblazed on the front like a target.  But, you’re right.  I’m sure there will be several students that show up wearing non-exchangeable commodities.  They won’t get anything for their time, travel and trouble…that’s double-up bad.
“I’m going to supply my lookouts with some plain t-shirts and some LVU key-rings to distribute to the ones who didn’t get the full message, just in case…” I stated, while writing a note to remind myself to get those boxes out of storage and take them with me.
“That’s gonna be mega-expensive!”
“It was!  I just dipped into our squad’s budget.  It almost broke the bank.  And, we’ve got a big competition coming up next week.  But, this snowball’s already rolling.  I can’t have someone getting mad because they didn’t read the entire flash mob text and throw a noisy tantrum.
“You know how fast co-eds can transform into frustrated first graders’.  If I don’t make alternative arrangements, our elementary students could revolt and reveal mid-dance.  Then, our X-2-S mob is ruined…” I offered her and she had to agree.
Although I needed every minute to get myself ready, I still squeezed in an emergency meeting for my squad.  Willow’s car was jam-packed with a suitcase for my stuff, six pairs of high heeled shoes, our team’s extremely loud portable stereo and seven boxes filled with t-shirts and key-rings.
I left just enough space to fit Jarron in the front seat.  We would head to the mall after I adjourn this meeting.
“I have some great news.  My sources informed me this morning that the players will be wearing their away game jerseys, tonight…” I stated and the squad erupted.
Allowing them to get their excitement out, I didn’t interrupt them for a few minutes.
“Alright, calm down!  This has the potential to be more than we expected.  With this extra perk in mind, I want every participant in this room to have a chance to wear an additional, special item of some kind.  Our ante just got mega-sized.  How many of their jerseys can we stack on our surrender pile when we meet again??  Guess, we’ll know by tomorrow morning…
“I’m giving you each a head’s-up.  I was hoping we’d be pulling this off at a tavern or a restaurant parking lot.  But, it’s taking place at their local mall’s food court.  Little kids, grandparents and preachers might ‘flash mob’ with us.  Flash mobs are destructive to personal boundaries.  They can disappear, faster than a magician’s assistant.  Just remember…eyes and camera lenses will be on you at all times…so, set the right example!
“No one from this team is allowed to turn into a stripper, in any form or fashion.  Even briefly displaying any body part, that can get you arrested for exposure, will be grounds for disqualification and team discipline.  I will consider it a violation of our squad’s moral’s code.  Again, you each have a camera trained on you.  If you turn into a real flasher, or a budding pole-dancer, just to get the item handed over, it won’t be counted.  And, you are choosing to no longer be a member of this squad.  Keep in mind…Cedra tested those waters with me and drowned in the under-tow.  We were forced to spend nearly 18 hours, two days before that competition, working out a new routine that didn’t include her position.  I know we won, but the cost was barely worth it.  The moral’s code, established by the university is not negotiable – period!  I won’t accept a wardrobe malfunction excuse either.
“We might be asked to vacate the premises before the song ends, by someone in authority.  If that occurs, we can’t control the rest of the mobsters, but our squad follows their instructions.  I’ve already dipped into our competition funds and we don’t have any left for bail.
“We are the only people who know where this is happening, besides Suzie Hastings.  That location stays in this room until I send the first message.  You can forward the text to your selected friends.  But again, I want you to be careful who you choose to invite to mob with us.
“I have asked my sorority sibs to meet me.  They believe it’s a secret/exotic sister-only shopping spree I’ve organized.  I had to make sure they wouldn’t invite any Alpha-guys.  If I’m willing to perpetrate a ruse on my sisterly kindred and accept the fallout, you should each be willing to abide by the rules too.  We can’t have any of our football players showing up and blowing our stunt, this late in the planning.  Their player’s won’t recognize our cheerleaders, sorority sisters, friends or boosters’ club members.  But, they will recognize our jocks.  They get an up-close when they tackle each other.  Plus, if the infamous Stick waltzes in, we might as well make an announcement over the mall’s PA and cheer for their team on Thursday.
“Look-outs, please keep a careful watch for any player that might show.  Do your best to head them off at the pass.  Any problems, call me and I’ll try to think of something.
“For those of you who have significant others, spouses or are even casually dating, please be respectful and consider your loved ones feeling’s before you exchange an item.  And, be aware that some of the players have significant others who they love and will have to answer to when this is over.
“Missing caps, jackets and even jerseys are all appropriate and at least, explainable to a girlfriend.  Having another person’s underwear and bra stuffed in his pocket is not.  Our unmentionables stay on our bodies!” I exclaimed.
“But, what if my fine tight-end wants to exchange his??” Zahara interrupted and asked, humorously.
“If Lamar, or any of the players are wearing a lacy bra and they willingly hand it over, you’re more than welcome to take it.  But, they will be out of their ‘underwired, twin-support A-cup gear’ until Thursday night.  I refer everyone back to the rule about stripping.  Got it, Z.Z.??”
The squad burst into laughter.
“Seriously, we don’t want to be responsible for busting up a relationship because we perpetrated an elaborate prank.  Temporary fun shouldn’t lead to broken romances or hearts.  I know each of you on an intimate level.  You’re some of the best people I’ve met and you all have strong moral values.  Just apply them when we’re doing this.  That way no one gets hurt.
“If you’re single and find yourself drawn to the players/victims, keep this in the back of your mind.  You are adults.  You can accept a date, exchange phone numbers, or set a time to hook-up at your discretion.  But, your walk on the rival, dark side takes place AFTER the big game against their team on Thursday.  Your LVU catch might not share those same warm, fuzzy feelings for you after they get a large visual of the results of our ‘flash mob’.  So, phone number exchanges, date plans, hook-ups and/or any variation of those must occur AFTER the grand stunt finale and not before.
“If any rival player discovers what we’re up to, then I will find out who blabbed and that’s grounds for squad treason.  We’ve been planning this X-2-S for two long years.  Don’t ruin our collective efforts.  You’ll get to see your football Romeo in six short days.  It won’t kill you or him to wait until Thursday night to socially interact…well, if he’s still interested,” I announced.
We repeated our pact, for my own satisfaction.
Professor Marcus wasn’t too pleased when I told him that I need to skip today’s practice.  But, he had to concede that I made plans prior to being unexpectedly cast in the lead.  And, he also had to admit that I’m almost show day ready.
Thanks to Tray and his mind depth channel…
Jarron was officially on duty.  He rode with me, but spent most of the time texting Karin.  The silence was pure bliss.  I had two hours to drive and think…
Audrey crossed my mind.  I thought about the son she left in Mississippi and her aunt who is raising him.  I hope she gets to go back soon and can show-off her college degree.  She certainly deserves it.  I made a mental note to ask her what she’s majoring in and how close she is to graduating.
Then, my thoughts turned to singer/actress, Dinah-Lynn.  I wonder what happened to her to make her quit school.  It must have been something big, because she was set to walk the stage at the end of this semester.  We were casual acquaintances, at best.  So, it would be awkward if I tracked her down and started asking meddlesome questions.  Still, I turned over the possibilities, fully realizing I will never get an answer.
When we arrived Jarron helped me rearrange, so the expensive stereo could be locked in the trunk.  I removed my sneakers and retrieved my matching heels.  My shoes were transported, carefully covered in heavy-duty plastic.  I can’t afford for them to get scuffed.
“Being a gypsy girl is a six-pair, six-inch painful proposition…” he commented, laughing as he watched me slide on my heels and wince.
“I’ll have you know, that all glamour takes pain.  You keep that in mind the next time you see Karin.  She makes beauty look effortless, but you’re getting ready to get a peek behind the veil, my friend.  After today, you’ll be a guy, in the know…”
“I’m gonna peek beyond the torture shoe category??  Wow, I’ll be the guy that knows too much.  I’ve never given her high heels any thought until now.  Maybe, I’ll save her the pain and carry her on our dates.  She doesn’t weigh that much more than you do…”
“Here’s a little gypsy fortune-telling, free of charge.  If you make that weight comment where she can hear you, then you’re gorgeous Karin-days will come to a screeching halt – carrying her or no…”
“You’re still a novice at this gypsy hocus-pocus, huh?  Karin hears that weight comment and our relationship won’t be the only thing broken.  It’s certain and sudden, Jarron-annihilation.  I’ve got sisters, remember?”
Jarron might have sisters, but he still wasn’t prepared for his first spin through the girl-grooming world.  He shadowed me, watching in shock (and what appeared to be creeped-out, disgust), as I had my hair highlighted.  The stylist colored, blow dried and curled until my hair look just like the picture Suzie sent me.  I went from dark brunette, to dirty blonde beach-bunny in a little over an hour.  She applied my make-up and managed to make my face appear sun-drenched, too.
Showing Jarron some pity, I went behind closed doors to get a spray-on tan.  Unless I’m really at the beach, where I can people-watch, I don’t enjoying sunbathing.  The bronze glow looked authentic.  And, my swimsuit pin-up model transformation was complete.
Wally has a large fan following.  It won’t be easy to sway his focus if he is already surrounded by adoring girls.  So, I knew I would have to do something unique to stand apart from the others.
I had my eyes lined with rhinestones and 14 Karat gold beads threaded into my false eyelashes.  My eyelids felt heavy and I was worried that my lashes might come unglued, but I might as well get used to some weird discomforts.  My public persona is currently a reflection of my mommas’ and their gypsy-mothering abilities.  So, personal discomfort is a small price to pay to show off their incredible parenting talents.
The look-outs met me in the pre-arranged location and I distributed the extra items.  The flash mob message had been delivered.  Everyone will have just enough time to get here with forty-five minutes to spare to get settled.
Jarron had split up from me and was hiding somewhere.  I couldn’t find him.  If I didn’t know better, I would think he is spiritually gifted and hidden behind a veil.  I knew he wouldn’t be far away, though because he is my personal videographer.
My squad arrived.  They dispersed to their respective tables.  Each one had brought several friends with them.  The football team’s area was well marked.  So, we purposefully positioned ourselves to surround those tables.
The normal crowd started trickling in about twenty minutes before their players arrived.  Evidently, we are sitting in their spaces.  They gave us severely nasty looks, but they couldn’t do anything to make us move or leave.  So, they grabbed whatever vacant tables they could and stared daggers at us, hoping we would get the message and bolt.  
The food court was getting packed with mobsters and LVU football fans.  The excitement filled the air and everyone was getting rowdy.  The instructions were to keep it down, but college students don’t know how to do anything, quietly.  Security had already escorted several people outside.  They had their hands full.  Tables designed for four to six people were overflowing with twenty and thirty college students from both LVU and our university.
Even the playground in the middle of the food court was filled with college co-eds.  Parents and children had deserted the area in aggravation.  But, the food vendors were thrilled as they worked in a frenzy to fill the insane influx of orders.  The only vacant area in the whole court was where the team sits to perform their ritual.  
I had positioned myself so I would be directly across from Wally’s seat.  My sorority sisters would miraculously show-up on time.  They had made a beeline for me while everything was still reasonably quiet.  All nineteen of us were squeezed into my selected booth, gossiping, eating and drinking.
They will get a kick out of the flash mob and will definitely participate.  But, they still expect a shopping spree afterwards that I can’t go on.  So, I plan to buy them something to make up for my slight deception.  The gifts will help alleviate my guilt.
G-mom, Grandma Edie and Tray will be here any minute to be my visible chaperones.  I need Tray to fog as many memories as he can of this event, as soon as the song ends.  Although I assume he can’t daze a crowd this astronomical, he can make my sisters experience temporary amnesia.  He’s already proven that he can.  They won’t remember the flash mob, until they see the results on the screen at Thursday’s game.  So, I don’t have to worry about them calling our frat brothers and spilling the beans.
My sorority sisters were unknowingly providing me with blending assistance.  They were flirting with any guys who happened to be close-by.  That freed me up to keep an eye out for Wally and my family.
The crowd parted.  And, I assumed the team had arrived.  But, no one even glanced at the anomaly.  G-mom, Grandma Edie and Tray walked through the door.  My brother had persuaded everyone to ignore them and move out of the way.  Maybe, he can fog this many memories!
The overly crowded table beside mine suddenly became vacant without a word of protest or a single lethal glance.  My family sat down and I would have said “hello”, but I couldn’t be heard over the roar of the crowd.
Sending g-mom and Grandma Edie a text, I begged them to keep Tray under control.
“As you’re both aware, I’m hopefully getting ready to exchange things I’m wearing with Baxter #4.  Please don’t let Tray freak out & take off with me to a secluded convent.  Fierce squad competition & I’m their captain!” I sent the messages.
“No fear, my little sweetie.  That’s why we’re accompanying your brother.  He’ll watch & channel what you asked him to.  You’ll be the only one persuading Baxter.  Good luck!” Grandma Edie’s text read and she winked at me.
“This’ll be a blast!  Your biggest, big brother needs to flex his hidden restraint-muscles. I’m filming his reaction for your mommas & papas.  Gonna be tonight’s big screen showing at Sunridge. Hope you can make it!” g-mom’s text read and she winked at me, too.
“Thanks!!!!!  I love you…” I responded to them and then, sent Tray a message.
“Thank you for helping me, AGAIN.  You’re becoming my personal channeling machine.  I’ll try to change that, soon.  I promise I won’t give up anything that you believe should be glued to my skin…” I informed Tray, humorously.
“UR welcome. Love you too. There’s nothing my Little KK can give-up to a jock that won’t flip me over the edge…”
“Tray!!!!”
“Don’t worry.  #4’s breathing status will be the same at the end of this sucker.  Only b/c I’m the victim of a big-G-flank!”
Before I could respond my g-mom handed me a small box.  I looked at her perplexed and she motioned for me to open it.
She and Grandma Edie had a custom pair of aviator style sunglasses made for this occasion.  One lens was etched with the LVU logo and the other was etched with #4 Baxter.
I mouthed the words ‘thanks’ and ‘I love you’.  Then, the show started…
Wally and his team stormed in and once again, the crowd parted.  They also cheered and patted their players.  Even our students joined in the spirited commotion.
The ritual was underway.
Wally was wearing his jacket and jersey.  My sorority sisters were standing on the table and trying to decipher what might be happening.  The players held their trays and sat down, simultaneously.  They had less than ten minutes to eat when the flash mob started.
My team’s stereo is nearly deafening.  But, a noisy crowd this size will drown out the music.  Luckily, Tray has the ability to boost the speakers’ power.  The music played at a concert level.
Mobsters, by-standers and football players were on their feet and joining in, within seconds.  Everyone likes to be a part of the crowd.  Even g-mom and Grandma Edie performed the “Wop”.  And not surprisingly, they knew every move and step.
Watching the videos later, I would be astounded to realize that the exchanges were already taking place before the first chorus of the song.  I thought it would take a while for our victims to catch on.  But, somehow everyone just seemed to understand this is a “mobbing dance/exchange”.
It took some massive girlie maneuvering, but I finally caught Wally’s attention.  He saw my custom aviators and handed over his jacket, without any hesitation.  I almost lost his focus while he admired his reflection in the mirrored lenses.  Climbing over the railing into real enemy territory, I basically performed a very tempting, gypsy version of the “Wop” dance, all the way down Wally’s body.
I didn’t touch him because that’s against competition rules.  However, there wasn’t much space between our bodies either.  Cringing, I prepared to get trans-versed to lockdown in Siberia.  But, as I danced back to an upright position, I realized I was still in flash mob, mall central.
Spinning around, I watched g-mom and grandma double over laughing.  Tray had divided the metal table into two halves and his blood pressure was apparently, still skyrocketing.
Through some type of miracle (A.K.A., Tray persuasion), Wally didn’t touch me.  But, that didn’t stop him from admiring my beach girl style, body suit, thinly covered by a shiny, sheer cover-up.  And approving, he should be, because I resemble Miss October from the poster hanging, above his bed.
Judging by what happened next I piqued his interest.  And, that is precisely how I found myself floundering around in some severely hot water…that kept heating until it was scalding!
Wally exchanged his watch for my gold necklace.  Then, he exchanged his class ring for my emerald earrings.  His football ring was the next offer and I handed over my diamond tennis bracelet.  He started handing me items faster than I could reciprocate.  I motioned for him to slow down, but he wasn’t interested.  So, I fumbled with clasps and peeled off layers of clothing.  I was praying all the while, that Tray would be able to maintain.  It’s almost over…
It felt like I had lost twenty pounds as the final chorus started playing.  Wally and I had stopped moving with the crowd.  We were simply dancing in time to the music and silently, conversing through facial expressions.  He seemed mesmerized as he finally removed the coveted jersey I was aiming for.  He handed it over with a wide smile.  I gave him a wink and handed over my 14 Karat gold waist chain.  It was worth some serious coin and, in my estimation that exchange makes us even.
I was down to my final layer of clothing and out of jewelry.  Wally was down to his jeans.  I assumed our exchanges were over.
Boy oh boy, did I guess wrong…
The song was wrapping up when Wally unbuttoned his fly and lowered his zipper!
For some stupid reason, my mind lost its ability to rationally function.
What’s Wally doing?? That pole-dancing jock isn’t wearing a bra!
That is exactly what I insanely, thought…
Someone in my family saw what was happening…
I stopped dancing…
Tray sprang into action…
For the first time in my life, I heard and felt the delivery of his channel.  The words echoed like rolling thunder.  The power resulted in a freaky air-type tidal wave.  It rushed by me, blowing my hair into my eyes as a visible indicator.
“She’s gone…pants on!” Tray ordered.
Wally snapped out of his reverie.  He mindlessly zipped up and high-fived his buddies, without skipping a beat.
G-mom and Grandma Edie snagged my earned trophies.
Jarron came out of hiding and headed over to pick up the stereo.
My brother tossed me over his shoulder and would give me a ride to the parking lot.
My mind still hadn’t caught up when I said, “Sure hope Karin doesn’t find out about packing on that extra twenty…”
“Hey everyone in earshot, except Krista’s cheerleaders…you’ve got a weeklong bout of mob-confusion…enjoy!” Tray informed them and the crowd looked around, baffled.
And, X-2-S…officially ended…

Chapter Eleven

Oddly enough, even with all my #4 Baxter trophies, I didn’t come close to winning the challenge.  Wally’s belt, watch, socks and Nike’s didn’t have the school’s logo so they didn’t count.
Z.Z. was dubbed the champion by a landslide.  She really does know how to effectively take down a tight end.  Her championship trophy and cash award won’t be coming until after the game.  Lamar exchanged everything Wally had given to me, along with his spare apartment key (ironically dangling from the same ring I had my lookout’s gifting) and his Visa card with an LVU emblem on it.
We collected every jersey from all the players.  But, the jersey collection wasn’t quite as special as I originally thought it would be.  The LVU players have three away game jerseys that they are supposed to rotate.  I had never asked Lyle how many jerseys he owns.  My only comfort was in knowing LVU’s winning mojo was off-balance and would be locked up until the game day show off.
The local news picked up the flash mob story.  I was anxiously biting my lip, waiting to see if anyone put the pieces together to bust us.  Fortunately, the twist the media put on it was how a hungry mob-fest was a boon to the town’s economy.
My team congratulated each other by all going out and ordering an ice-cream sundae that was the size of a small mountain.
Loads of phone numbers had been exchanged during the event.  The squad, once again, repeated the oath to hold off dialing digits until Thursday, post-game.
I had been toying with the idea of flash mobbing BlitZed, during the first song in Dante’s set.  But, I nixed that idea and just sent out a blanket text, inviting everyone I know to come out tonight and party.  I fielded three dozen phone calls because I never hit the clubs and my friends thought my message might be a hoax.
My g-mom and Jarron will be my chaperones tonight.  Grandma Edie was disappointed because she can’t make it.  Nightclubs and concerts are right up her alley.
Poor Tray, he had to go to Sunridge and have R-daddy heal his mobster-induced migraine.  At this point, he will never call me anything but “my Little KK” ever again.  I resigned myself to the inevitable.
I spent the afternoon compiling the video footage and getting it prepared for broadcasting.  Audrey popped by and I shut the equipment off, swiftly.
“Mind if I ride over with you?” she asked.
“Sure thing…my friends, Jarron and Demi will be riding over too.  Let me finish getting ready…”
“My new room is great.  Thanks for letting me crash here.  Oh, Price has been blowing up my phone.  Seems he got the same message I got, inviting him to see Dark Matter at BlitZed tonight.  He’s trying to find coverage, so he can go.  
“I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for everything you’ve done for me…and Dante.  You’re like a good luck charm.  Who would’ve thought getting forcibly evicted from my illegal housing situation would turn out to be better than winning the lottery?” Audrey inquired, emotionally.   
I told her I was happy to do it and then, I switched the subject.  Between the flash mob last night, the abnormal clubbing experience I am going to, tonight and my slam-packed schedule during spirit week, I am mentally reeling.  I was looking forward to this show being over, going home, taking a long, hot bath and sleeping for the next twenty-four hours.
We left three hours early.  But, traffic was still bumper-to-bumper ten miles from the DC strip.  I thought we might be stuck behind an accident.  As soon as I saw the first sidewalk, I discovered the back-up.  And, it had nothing to do with any accident.  A thousand familiar faces were waiting in a roped off line to get into BlitZed.
Incredible…I am now responsible for two different mob scenes in less than two days.  My brothers are not going to survive until next summer.  I obviously, need to switch my major to Mass Communications.
It took us an hour just to make it to our destination.  I let Audrey out and kept circling the Strip.  Thirty minutes later I was no closer to finding a place to park.
Audrey was sending me one frantic, text after the next.  She was waiting by the stage door entrance and refuses to go in until I am by her side.  But, that might never occur because I can’t find a safe place to park my sister’s car.  At this rate, I will be cruising this same block until I graduate from college.
The texted version of Audrey’s panic attack continued, uninterrupted.  And, I am no help to her, in stand still traffic.  I had a smile plastered on my face to hide my astonishment and aggravation.  Everyone I have ever met is waiting in that line, stretching into infinity.  They shouted and waved at me when I rolled by at a brisk, one mile per hour.  I didn’t realize just how many people I’m acquainted with.  G-mom will be thrilled when she discovers my enormous social network, but this is totally nuts!
My friends who were stuck in line had to yell to converse with me.  They love my outfit, my hair, my jewelry and/or that hot-new or sweet-new or killa’-new ride.  I said, “thank you” one hundred and fifty times before I finally stopped counting.  I couldn’t even put the top up to end the cycle of madness.
Demi was having the time of her life, surrounded by so much attention.  My sorority sisters yelled for her to come over and join them in line.  But, she was busy lording over the backseat like a beauty queen in a parade.  She declined and I think I saw the others turn a pale shade of green.
I was mentally kicking myself for sending out those text invites so early.  I should’ve waited until I was parked and then, messaged the people on my phone list to join me.  But, I’ve got what I’ve got and there’s no undoing it.
G-mom has never waited in a line for anything.  So, I don’t know why I was stunned by her pre-mature entrance into a popular, albeit still closed nightclub.  She called me in a panic because she expected me an hour ago.  After explaining my predicament, she worked her magic.  One of the hulking security guards came outside with my g-mom leading the way.  He nodded to her before he keyed in the code and yelled, “You, bring it on in.”
The bustling crowd gasped, collectively and fell silent.  Their reaction was sort of confusing.  They know that I’m “technically” with the band.  So, they should expect I might get to park in the BlitZed VIP area.  Shrugging my shoulders, I gratefully took him up on his offer and turned into the lot.  He motioned for me to drive in, faster.  Then, he secured the gate and walked back over towards my g-mom.  I parked Willow’s car under a light near the surveillance camera.
Jarron and Demi were eating up the attention.  We are being treated like VIP’s and they are happily flaunting their priority status.  I rushed into my g-mom’s arms.  My irritation melted away as she stroked my hair and soothed me.
“Chill out, Bunny Baby.  This is fun and games, not some dreaded chore we’re undertaking,” she reminded me before turning her focus back to the security guard.  “This fine young, strapping tower here is going to be our personal escort this evening.
“Ice Man, is it??  That’s what it says on your slick little nametag, Sweetie.  But, I’m sure it’s much better than that.  I’m thinking something like Sampson, but you can correct me when  we get back inside.  It’s better to have our facts straight, right?” she asked him.
He looked at her with a puzzled stare.  My g-mom won’t stop until he gives up his real name.  That’s what she’s gunning for.  But, she is willing to wait to hear it until they are in a private setting.  She stopped and inquired about the area.  Ice Man answered her question and curiously, the crowd gasped again.
I would later discover, from my seasoned partying brothers’ and sisters’, that Ice Man’s nickname is a well-earned moniker.  He is GZE’s head security guard, bouncer and silent legend.  Ice Man has never asked anyone to leave.  He has some mysterious, wordless method and it’s more effective.  Troublemakers run for the door, too terrified to ask questions or make a comment.  So, no one had ever heard his voice before tonight.
Neen claimed Ice Man was a serial killer that escaped justice on a legal technicality.  When the cops told him he had a right to remain silent, he took it seriously and made it a permanent, lifelong commitment.
Three of our frat brothers heard her make that declaration to me and attempted to correct her error.  They announced Ice Man was, in fact, convicted of being a serial killer.  But, they couldn’t seem to agree on how he could get a job at BlitZed as the head of security with a notorious prison record.  So, they started spinning fantasies to help Neen and me believe.
One brother said Ice got out on parole and Old Man Gray only hires ex-cons because it’s cheap labor.  Brother number two claimed the police couldn’t throw the book at him because they only found the upper torsos of his butchered bodies.  Evidently, law enforcement needs whole carcasses before they can sentence serial killers to life without parole.  The third brother said Ice Man’s conviction is on appeal and he’s free until they figure things out.  He added that he might or might not be wearing an ankle monitor.
So, the legend of Ice Man the serial killing security guard at BlitZed transformed into an entertaining Ember-intrigue.  I sent my sister a text, hitting only the highlights.  She sent me smiley faces and said she was laughing so hard she couldn’t breathe.
G-mom was having an in-depth conversation with Ice Man when the doors opened.  The club was filled to capacity by the time Dante’s band took the stage.  By the end of the first set, the crowd’s commotion was deafening.  I also took a quick look outside during their break.  People were still waiting on the sidewalk to get inside BlitZed.  Dark Matter is definitely getting that permanent gig.
Audrey stuck to me like glue, unless her boyfriend was available for the attachment position.  She was attempting to appear casual.  But, when the waitress brushed by her and she grabbed me, I knew she was a wreck.
My g-mom noticed my human accessory and planned to help alleviate her discomfort.  She did what she does and by the last song, Audrey was actually having fun, drinking soda.
Just like Demi and Jarron were doing earlier, the members of Dark Matter were eating up the spotlight.  They were still on stage, signing autographs as though they were already famous musicians.  Audrey was beaming as she watched her fiancée’s dream becoming a reality.  My sorority sisters tracked me down behind stage and joined in the hype.
Dante stopped signing autographs long enough to come over to give me a swift and sweaty hug.
“Audrey tells me I have you to thank for this mob scene, Christie.  So thanks for doin’ us this solid…” Dante offered me his gratitude.
He rushed back out on stage before I had a chance to correct him.  I decided not to worry about it.  It would be hilarious if they get famous and credit their humble beginnings to this elusive “Christie”.
My g-mom was making her usual rounds while simultaneously keeping me in her visual range.  I smiled at her because she would normally be out mingling through the over-populated club.  The over-populated club…
“G-mom!  G-mom…” I shouted, so she could hear me.
“You alright??” she asked as she rushed over to where I was standing.
“Sorry…didn’t mean to scare you.  I just remembered something.  I think the owner of this club has three or four more, in this vicinity…” I shouted and her eyes lit up.
This might just be the solution to my moms’ problem of where to have the Warming Feast.
“Where’s Race??” she inquired, scanning the crowd backstage.
“Did you say, where’s Rave??” I responded.
“No, Race…where’s Race…you know, the tower…Sampson…Ice Man…where is he??”
She had already discovered his whereabouts by the time I interpreted her meaning.  I was evidently going along for the journey, because g-mom shoved me in front of her and walked over to him.
Ice Man didn’t look nearly as large when we were standing outside.  I swallowed, hard when we approached him.  He stands nearly seven feet tall and is the size of a commercial refrigerator.  I was so enamored by his sheer enormity that I couldn’t seem to focus on any of his other features.  We are two, tiny sprites in direct comparison…
“Bend down here, so you can hear me, my little Sweet Pea,” my g-mom ordered and the mass obeyed.
Holy cow, my g-mom’s trained a frozen giant!
“Race dear, might your fearless leader be hiding somewhere close??  We only need a quick minute…” she inquired, loudly.
“This way, Miss Liz…” he politely replied.
“Mind the quiet g-style, pretty girl baby…” she instructed me to act like a proper gypsy daughter and let her do the talking.
I was still awestruck by the gentle giant.  My warm fuzzy feelings and visions of him stroking a puppy were about to come crashing down around me.  One minute he was courteously escorting us through the crowd, the next Ice Man must have seen something he didn’t like.  His strike was silent, unexpected and fully focused.
He lifted two drunken guys by the back of the collar.  They were swinging and arguing, although they could no longer touch each other.  It took them a second to realize something had changed in their world.  They stared at each other in foggy puzzlement.  It finally dawned on them to look up.  Their dispute was instantly forgotten and their fight was over.  Their night of partying had also drawn to a swift conclusion.  Two other security guards appeared and removed the two stunned combatants.
Ice Man’s facial features had stormed over.  Even the spectators looked away in fear.  He turned back in our direction and for one fleeting second, I thought I saw a glimpse of something ominous…foreboding.  Chills raced up my spine and the hair on the back of my neck alerted me that I was standing next to danger.  Then, his features softened.  Still, the transformation reminded me of a psychopath.
“Pardon the diversion…” Race said and resumed leading the way.
My g-mom had me positioned in front of her until her giant’s ‘diversion’.  Although nothing outwardly changed, she moved me behind her and held my hand.  She typically has a keen sense for impending trouble – especially, when I’m with her.  But, his unanticipated strike had evidently taken her by surprise, too.
Nigel Gray was dressed like a millionaire.  Otherwise, he was rather unkempt.  He stood about five feet, six inches tall.  His dark brown hair was slicked back with too much styling gel.  He had greenish-brown eyes and his eyebrows were in serious need of parting company.  It looked like he had styling gel in his thick mustache because it actually had tangles.  The hair was half-curled into what I think might be his attempt to create a handlebar.
My sorority sisters would label Mr. Gray a “walking wooly disaster area project”.  But, obviously flashy displays of extreme wealth cover a multitude of grooming mistakes.  I hope the fellow has a winning personality.
“Miss Liz…this is who you asked for,” Ice Man stated, without providing a formal introduction.
“Miss Liz, what a pleasure.  The name is Nigel Gray, managing partner of GZ Entertainment and owner of BlitZed.  My security head tells me you only want a minute.  But, I’ve got plenty more to spare for a beautiful lady and her sister.
“Please, won’t you ladies join my private party and have a drink with us.  The bar is open…” he offered.
His strange looking, but adoring, entourage motioned for us to come on over.
“The name is Elizabeth Stewart.  But, all handsome charmers’ can call me Liz.  How about I take you up on your tempting offer with that rain check you’ll be giving me?  We’ve got people waiting and you’re entertaining company.
“This is my daughter, Krista.  She tells me you own another club or two about this size,” g-mom stated, curiously.
“I actually own five of the most popular public social clubs in this area.  They…” Mr. Gray said and planned to continue bragging, but g-mom interrupted.
“Impressive!  Would you have some free time to meet with me and a few other members of my family…say, sometime tomorrow?”
“How about dinner at my place around 8?”
“Sadly, it’s all business at this meeting.  But, we’ll be discussing cashing in on that rain check and dinner, privately…” g-mom offered with a wink.
“As you wish…” he responded and kissed my g-mom’s hand.
“Ice, my schedule…” Mr. Gray barked and the rabid, gentle giant reappeared from the shadows.
“10:00 a.m. or…” the giant revealed and g-mom answered before he could provide another option.
“Perfect – ten it is, right here at BlitZed.  Now handsome, you go back to entertaining those fans and we’ll see you tomorrow,” g-mom said while she swiftly nudged me through the door.
“That’s the first time I’ve ever known you to decline a party invite!” I exclaimed, once I knew we were out of earshot.
“We’re gypsy gals, remember?  Celeste’s dad will be at this meeting.  I can’t very well have Mack Daddy Gray-Mo making a bumbling attempt to hit on me in front of Bradwell Reigns.  I’ve really got my work cut out – maintaining a proper female gypsy front and socially rehabilitating Gray to Savvy Dom Daddy Reigns, at the same time.  Edie can’t even be here to help me.
“That mustache…that uni-brow…it’s like the man’s breeding pet caterpillars on his face.  Maybe, I’ll show early…” she revealed without finishing her thought.
I was snickering from her observation.
The crafty wheels were turning in her mind as she worked to develop a “de-fuzzing” strategy before the meeting tomorrow.
“Bunny Baby who’s the silent partner?”
“Sorry, no idea…I assume some man or woman with a ‘Z’ name,” I replied.
“Okay…you head back over to Jarron and I’ll catch up with you in a little bit,” she stated.
She was off to find out who the “Z” is, in GZ Entertainment and see if the silent half is more gypsy-presentable.  Jarron and my sisters were still soaking up the excitement, backstage.
“Audrey said to say, ‘Thanks a million!  Sorry she didn’t get to say, goodbye, but she couldn’t find you.  And, she’ll swing by tomorrow.’  I think her drummer, Dante and the rest of Dark Matter were going out to celebrate or something.  She didn’t clue me in on where they were headed and I didn’t ask…” Jarron told me.
The band had left the building, but the party was still in full tilt.  People were slowly beginning to filter on to the stage.  They were dancing, showing off and starting to get boisterous.  Normally, I would dismiss their antics.  But, Dark Matter’s instruments and equipment were still out and vulnerable.  Audrey had told me that they had been living in their van, just so they could purchase better sound equipment.
Before I could run up the five steps to the stage and order the showoffs’ to vacate the area, they scattered on their own.  I was perplexed by their decision, until I saw Ice Man standing in front of the stage with his arms’ crossed, glaring.  True to his reputation, he controlled a crowd without saying anything.
He stood like a statue and watched as his staff removed the band’s equipment.  They disassembled the drums in record time.  Dark Matter’s valuable equipment had been safely locked away.
The stage was barren within minutes.  I had assumed the patrons would be allowed to use it for dancing because nothing of value was out, anymore.  But, I was in for an interesting surprise.
Two loud sirens started blaring and the staff members on the stage jumped down.  The warning sounds continued as the wall behind the stage parted.  It was sliding open.  A deep compartment was hidden behind it.
Once the sides of the wall were out of the way, the stage lifted into an upright position.  It slowly rolled back into the space, revealing an extended dance floor.  The stage locked into position and the partial wall closed in front of it.  An extra panel slid down from behind the closed wall and dropped to the floor.  The sirens were silenced and the illusion was complete.
I never would have known there was a full concert stage hiding behind that wall.  It looks identical to the other three sides of the club.
Still, the transformation was not quite finished…
The metal bar holding the spotlights rotated 90 degrees.  The other side held disco and laser lights.  They illuminated.
The floor space inside BlitZed had virtually doubled!
My g-mom had slipped up beside me, at some point.  She reached for my hand and we watched in amazement as the club doors, reopened.  More customers paid the cover and flooded in to drink and dance.
“Okay…I don’t think you have as much work as you thought you did…” I mentioned, awestruck.
“I hear that!  A building Transformer…easily trumps…a weasley-facial-caterpillar-farmer…any day.”

Chapter Twelve

Momma-C and R-daddy drove up in a new Mercedes to get me, on Sunday morning at 6:55 a.m.  She had requested that I wear a specific outfit for our family breakfast and the meeting at BlitZed.  When Momma-C stepped out to hug me, I noticed she was wearing an outfit, similar to mine.
“Your grandparents’ will be here in a minute.  Whoa baby, you look spectacular…and, I love the highlights,” Momma-C told me.
“Thanks!  You look fabulous, too!  Our matching outfits are stunning.  Wait, where’s g-mom?  I thought she was riding over with you,” I inquired.
“She’s going to meet us, there.  Grandma Edie and Aunt Tabby have her engrossed in something.  You know how the three of them are when they get together…” she replied.
Then, my R-daddy stepped out of the car, decked out in an Italian suit and I barely recognized him.  I have seen him wearing ornate, jeweled silk vestments that make the Pope’s robes appear off-the-rack and frumpy.  And, I have seen him dressed in greasy cover-alls’ at the garage…wearing jeans when he goes fishing…and khakis, button-ups shirts and ties.  But, I have never seen him as a gypsy.
His dirty blonde hair had turned rich brown and his normally light green eyes had turned a dark blue color.  They were so dark, they almost looked black.  My jaw dropped in utter amazement.  Is he in there???  Somewhere???
“R-daddy, you’re breathtaking!” I exclaimed as he gathered me in a familiar embrace.
“Well thanks, baby girl.  I told your Momma-C that we needed to get here a minute before the others.  I wanted to give you a chance to get over my fancy new drive and slick Ay’sha duds.  Oh by the way, my deep blue peepers and dark hair are man-made disguises.  Doms can see through channeled illusions.  But, tinted contacts and hair dye fool ‘em every time.
“This is how I spent the first year of marriage – hiding everything about me behind a mask of a gypsy con artist.  Don’t fret, though.  I’m still your same old daddy underneath the flashy window dressing.  And, try not to gasp when you hear me speak to your Poppy and Meemaw.  I’ve gotta dramatic voice to match this persona.
“I know your mommas’ have been instructing you about gypsy ways, behaviors and such.  So, don’t be nervous.  Your disguise is more breathtaking than mine will ever be.  You’re a natural beauty, like your mothers’ and sisters’.  Your traditional Ay’sha grandparents are looking forward to finally getting to lay eyes on you.  Just relax and enjoy meeting your extended, traditional gypsy family…”
Momma-C’s parents drove up before he could offer me any more words of encouragement.  My parents put their arms around me as Bradwell Reigns parked his Escalade and got out to meet me.
My Poppy was dashing, in a suave dark way.  He stood about six feet tall and reminded me of a smooth undercover operative.  He has dark brown hair, with just a hint of gray.  I couldn’t tell if he had a tan or if his skin was naturally olive colored.  Removing his expensive sunglasses revealed his unique eyes.  They are light brown with flecks of green.  With chiseled facial features and a five o’clock shadow, Bradwell Reigns is a very handsome man.
“This must be Krista!  Well, come over here and let me get a good look at you…” he requested.
I stepped forward and smiled, demurely – just like my mommas’ had instructed me to do.  After spinning around a couple of times, he hugged me without hesitation.  He kissed me on the top of my head before he finally released me.
“That’s really something, CiCi!  She’s looks just like you did at that age.  Here, let me show you…” he announced and opened his wallet to display a picture.
My resemblance to a teenaged Momma-C was uncanny.  She had the same honey blonde streaks in her hair.  I stroked the picture and mindlessly mumbled, “…so beautiful.”
My parents were beaming with pride and my R-daddy winked at me, knowingly.  It truly looks like Momma-C is my biological mother.
“Pricilla, you can get out.  You’ve gotta see her, up-close…our granddaughter’s the spittin’ image of CiCi…gorgeous…” he said.
His wife waited until he opened her door before stepping out to meet me.
Pricilla Reigns was every bit as striking as her husband.  Momma-C closely resembles her mother in the face.  They also share the same small-frame, body shape.  But, my Meemaw Pricilla has auburn hair, fair skin and green eyes that remind me of two emeralds.  She was wearing an outfit that would make a Las Vegas showgirl envious.  Her sparkling high-heels matched her gem-studded necklace and bracelet.
My sorority sisters must still be asleep.  Otherwise, they would be out here squealing and admiring.  Becca would…
Oh no, my sisters!!!
My sisters’ will have no qualms coming outside half-dressed if they do happen to wake to this spectacular gypsy wonder.  I don’t know how my new grandparents will react, but it won’t be pleasant.  I should have asked my parents to pick me up in front of a church…
“CiCi, you should be ashamed!  I know I raised you better.  The photographs you’ve shown to me of this beauty haven’t done her justice.  How can I help you with landing her a respectable, gypsy husband when all I’ve got are common, gorger snapshots??  I’ve told you, time-and-time again no gorger can create a gypsy worthy photographic showcase.
“Just look at her, Brad!  She’s got every attractive Reigns’ feature…” Meemaw Pricilla declared, looking me over.
“Not a single flaw…she’s perfect!  There’s no doubt, that granddaughter of ours is a Reigns’, through-and-through…” he agreed.
I blushed and thanked them, repeatedly.  She continued to point out my family traits.  And, he revealed numerous photos, proving her declarations.  I was floored by the unbelievable family resemblances’.  There’s no way Momma-C is Crazy Sally.  But, there’s also no denying that I look just like her either.
Poppie Bradwell was fully engaged in the conversation with his wife.  He was simultaneously surveying his surroundings too.  He really is like Tray, to the umpteenth power.
“Please Almighty Creator, keep my half-naked sisters unconscious until we leave the vicinity!”
My Meemaw Pricilla kept using the term “gorger”.  I didn’t know what it meant, but I couldn’t ask my parents to explain it right then.  Her use of the term sounded both negative and neutral, depending on what she was saying.  So, I couldn’t decide if being a gorger was bad or good or something in the middle.
“CiCi, I’m making this child an appointment with Sabatini.  I’ll have Aunt Janis and the cousins come along with us to watch the babies for me.  This will take an entire afternoon because we’ve got family photos to take, too.  On second thought, I think we’ll need to book a day.
“Brad, what do you think?” she inquired.
“Book the day, sweetheart.  Can’t rush perfection…” he replied, without skipping a single scanning-beat.
“I’ll book the early morning at Lauret’s.  CiCi, I expect you to bring Krista, fully prepared…even to the spa.  We’ll sort through her outfits while she’s getting a facial.  Do you need my help making…” my Meemaw said before Momma-C interrupted her.
“Thank you, but no ma’am, I’ve got it covered.  I promise I’ll deliver her photo-ready.  I’ll call you sometime next week and we’ll arrange lunch to work out the details,” Momma-C respectfully replied.
Two male joggers ran by.  The expensive cars parked in front of my sorority captured their attention.  Their stare-fest and made my Poppy nervous.
“Time to go…” he interjected into their conversation.
Momma-C and her mom instantly stopped talking.
He put his arm around his wife, protectively.  My Meemaw reached out to take my hand, so I would go with her.
“Just follow us…” my R-daddy said, physically turning me by the shoulders and pointing me towards our car.
I’m glad he gave me some warning about his voice.  Otherwise, I would have believed he was possessed by something.  R-daddy’s tone was deeper and sounded sinister.  I never would have recognized it!
We drove away and I breathed a loud sigh of relief.
“Oh baby girl, there’s nothing to be nervous about,” R-daddy told me in his own voice.
“You’re forgetting my P.J. clad sisters.  I was terrified that one of them would wake up early, peek out the window and rouse the whole house admiring my gorgeous glitzy family.  I don’t think Poppy Bradwell would be too pleased meeting one of my scantily dressed housemates, much less a gaggle of them…”
“Not too please is a tremendous understatement…” Momma-C admitted, laughing.
“Brad would take one look at her sorority siblings, shove Krista into that fancy SUV and we wouldn’t see her again until dooms-day,” R-daddy added, humorously.
“Honey, I think you’re forgetting that g-mom and Grandma Edie would be hot on his trail if he grabbed her.  I’d wager my dad wouldn’t be able to successfully hide her for more than an hour before they tracked him down…” Momma-C replied.
“I have no doubt who’d get physical custody of our daughter.  But, you gotta admit it would be worth paying admission to see the…three-ring argument between Stubborn – Obstinate – and Determined,” R-daddy informed us, laughing.
“I won’t bother to ask which is who in that fight because the labels in this case, are completely interchangeable…” Momma-C offered through snickers.
“Momma-C, why didn’t they bring Scarlett?  This is her big event…” I asked once I stopped giggling.
“They did, baby…she’s with them.  You’ll meet her at the restaurant.  She’s been looking forward to talking to you.  She doesn’t get to hang out with many young people.  Remember, she’s fifteen, but she’s been homeschooled.
“She’ll be thrilled to visit Sabatini, too.  A day long photography session will be like a trip to the beach for her…” 
“Speaking of pictures…I’m dying to know what a ‘gorger’ is,” I inquired.
“A gorger is a term gypsies use to describe outsiders.  And, I’d say it borders more on the derogatory side, so please don’t use it.  You and g-mom are not considered gorgers.  You’ve both been spiritually sealed to an Ay’sha matriarch.  And, you’re also maternally sealed to Momma-G and me.  A spiritual sealing is considered more binding than a relational blood-tie, according to traditional gypsy custom.
“Gayle is more “my sister” than Scarlett or my other biological sisters…
“I gave birth to Vixie and Lillen.  But, according to traveler standards’, my kids who are spiritually sealed to me are more “my children” than my biological offspring…” Momma-C revealed, suddenly sounding troubled.
“So, what about Grandma and g-mom…where do they fit into the ‘spiritual scheme of things’?” I questioned.
“Rave Honey, mind helping me out…” she asked him with an emotional edge to her voice.
I wonder if something’s wrong…
“Let’s see…Brad and Pricilla view your Grandma Edie and Elizabeth as Celeste’s two g-moms.  How’s that??”
“I get it now…thanks,” I told him.
“Placing aside their illustrious careers as con artists, traditional gypsies are deeply spiritual.  They have an abiding reverence for anything the Creator joins,” R-daddy stated.
“Are you and Momma-C spiritually sealed through the Covenant Rites?” I asked attempting to sway the conversation to a topic Momma-C will be comfortable with.
“No, Daddy-Jax and Momma-G, Ember and Jaysen, and Tray and Willow are.  Reid and Fallon are sealed too.  They only have the communion ritual left to observe.  But, your Momma-C and I are spiritually sealed through Vaydemic rites.  It’s a little different…” he stated and then, hesitated when he glanced at her.
“I’m sorry…I’m being nosy…”
“No…you’re not…it’s fine…my baby girl…” Momma-C stated and her voice cracked.
She is upset!
“It’s okay, little momma…” R-daddy said, comfortingly and patted her leg.
Evidently, he knows what’s wrong.
“It’s done now.  I didn’t think it would be this hard…” she told him.
“I know.  It’s all gonna be okay…”
“Pull into that gas station, please,” she requested.  “Excuse me.  I’ll be right back…”
Momma-C bolted for the ladies room.
“Wait right here, little girl…” R-daddy said to me and got out long enough to say something to Poppy.
“Is my momma okay?  What’s wrong?  Can I fix it??” I bombarded R-daddy with questions the instant he got back in. 
“She’ll be fine.  You know, Krista…your traveler grandparents have already met all of your brothers and sisters.  The circumstances of their introductions were a whole lot different than the one you’re having.  They were married with little ones.  So, Brad and Pricilla naturally, gravitated towards the babies.
“And, we successfully delayed their intros’ long enough for your Momma-C to get settled into the idea of sharing them.  She got to spend private, quality parenting time with each of your siblings, before the big, extended gypsy family reveal.  You’re her youngest girl and she’s been sorta keeping you to herself.
“Your Momma-G’s been doing the same thing.  That reminds me – I better call and give your Daddy-Jax some warning.  He doesn’t fair very well when Momma-G gets emotional…
“At any rate, Celeste’s mom has pressured her about getting to meet you since you were sealed.  She’s dodged her requests.  That’s an amazing feat because, as you very well know, gypsy kids don’t defy their mom’s.
“Pricilla got upset by her refusal.  So, Brad outright ordered Celeste to bring you over to meet them.  Don’t ask me how, but she avoided her father’s demand too.
“They’ve seen thousands of pictures of you.  They heard us talk about you…brag on you.  Brad and Pricilla are elated that this is finally happening.  But, your Momma-C wasn’t ready for this.  She’s being forced to share her baby.  And, she’s doing it for Scarlett.  Still, it’s a big sacrifice.  Gypsy families are overwhelming…”
Momma-C emerged from the convenience store, smiling and flawless.  Now that I understood the problem, I could see right through her façade.
I jumped out of the car and ran over to embrace her.
“I love you, momma…” I told her.
“I love you too, baby…” she replied.
She climbed into the backseat with me because I asked her to.  I laid my head in her lap and spent the remaining twenty minutes catching her up on my life.  I told her about breaking up with Lyle, my first-round cheering competition coming up, the musical lead that I got shoved into, my sorority sisters’ reactions to my incredible new wardrobe and how I met Audrey.  When the subject of the flash mob came up, I even shared my insane thought about Wally the jock and his lack of a bra.
Momma-C told me all about the screening I missed and Tray’s hilarious commentary as he narrated the video in brotherly exasperation.  We were breathless from laughter by the time we pulled into the parking lot.
“Wait, before we get out, I’ve got something to say.  I love you so, so much.  Remember when I said I’d clear my schedule for you, anytime?  I meant that!  I truly miss you and you can have me, privately anytime you want me.
“I know I have four mothers’ and I adore each of you.  But, no one can ever take your place in my heart, because you’re my one and only Momma-C…” I stated and we embraced again.
“Thank you, baby.  I’ll be taking you up on that…often,” she informed me.
Scarlett waited for her dad to open her door, just like her mother.  She rushed over to her sister and brother-in-law and gave them each hugs and kisses.  Then, my parents introduced us and she welcomed me just like I was her sister, too.
Scarlett Reigns has her mom’s long, auburn hair and her dad’s eye coloring.  She shares facial features with both of her parents.  Although she was wearing jewelry, her fingers were oddly bare.
I thought those three introductions would be it until the Warming Feast…that would wind up being an erroneous assumption.
The restaurant’s party room was stuffed with my extended gypsy family members.  Momma-C guided me around and made the introductions.  R-daddy’s words became reality as I was overwhelmed by greetings, hugs and kisses from virtual strangers.  I spun around repeatedly, to let everyone see me.  Momma-C and I were blinded by camera flashes as we posed for a myriad of pictures.
No wonder my grandparents asked to meet for breakfast so early.  Nearly an hour elapsed before I had made my way back to Scarlett.  She was holding three boys on her very small lap.  The instant I was sitting, two of them reached for me.  Without waiting for an invitation, they climbed into my lap and hugged me.
“That’s your cousin, Arnie and that’s your second cousin, Brady…” she revealed the names of my unexpected company.
“Will everyone here be joining us at BlitZed?” I had to practically shout the question to be heard over the commotion.
“No, Silly.  They’re just here for you…”
I would discover that this breakfast was actually a ‘welcome to the family’ gathering for me.  And, another one would be planned for my g-mom, soon because she wasn’t available to come to this one.
Over the course of my life, my g-mom has taken me to hundreds of parties.  She’s hosted elaborate celebrations with hundreds in attendance.  And, we have even crashed parties that had a thousand guests.  So, I am accustomed to hoopla-and-fanfare – both, scheduled and sudden.  However, a gypsy gathering is the hoopla of all hoopla’s.
During the meal, I got a small glimpse at the massive undertaking the Warming and the Hosting are for my moms’.  This breakfast, according to Scarlett, isn’t considered a party, more than it’s considered a casual family gathering.  I shudder to think what a real gypsy party will look like if this is a low-key family meal.
I have never been more thankful for a scheduled meeting.  The restaurant staff appeared to be grateful to see us go, too.  I noticed more than several $100 tips resting on tables.  Considering a 20% gratuity had also been added to everyone’s bill, I assume they won’t be too unhappy cleaning up behind us.   
After reissuing hugs, kisses and saying fifty “goodbyes” and “thank you’s” we headed over to BlitZed.
G-mom came outside with her personal giant to meet us.  She was dressed just like me and Momma-C.  My g-mom made Scarlett turn around to get a good look at her.
“You’re radiant…a little slip of your beautiful mom…that’s what you are…” g-mom told her.
“Thank you, Momma-Elizabeth.  You look beautiful, too…” Scarlett responded, demurely.
“Momma-Elizabeth…this is my mother-in-law, Pricilla and her husband, Bradwell Reigns…” R-daddy introduced them.
“Well, don’t just stand there…spin it out for me, so I can see you better.  And then, come over here and give me some love,” g-mom ordered and I covered my mouth right before I snickered.
Stunned, they reluctantly obeyed her command to twirl on cue like fashion models.  But, they happily embraced her and welcomed her to the Reigns’ family.  She responded by complimenting them and called them her glam-kids.  G-mom needs no assistance fitting into her traditional gypsy family.
“This here, big man is, Sebastian Race – head of security.  His co-workers refer to him as Ice Man, but we’ll just be stickin’ with Mr. Race.  He isn’t much of a talker, but he’ll be happy to perform the necessary introduction to his boss, Nigel Gray.  Mr. Gray is the managing partner…” g-mom informed us.
“This way…” the giant stated and motioned us to go inside.
Mr. Gray approached us and I was floored by his appearance.  Obviously, my g-mom had somehow given him a make-over.  He had two distinct and nicely-shaped eye brows.  His mustache was still present, but it was respectably trimmed.  Although his signature styling gel was evident, his hair had a more natural look.  And, although I couldn’t be completely sure, it almost looks like he had gotten a haircut.  Nigel Gray appears to be an entirely new man.  
Two transformations in one day – incredible…
After the introductions were dispensed with, Mr. Gray took us on an impromptu tour of his clubs.  Besides BlitZed, he also owns SiZzle, Z-Force, GroundZero and HaZed.
“Z-Force is GZ’s smallest club but, it’s the most popular one we own.  She’s the top dog…our crowning jewel.  Nightclubs have to be continually updated.  They lose their appeal, quick because we’ve got some fierce competition.  Z-Force has kept the number one spot on the DC strip because of me and my management.  I’ve changed the look, feel and atmosphere four times over the course of the last three years…” Mr. Gray informed us, proudly.
“What’s ‘the DC strip’?” my Poppy asked.
“The college-locals call this road the DC Strip because of all the clubs.  I’ve heard it stands for ‘Dazed and Confused” or “Drunken Confusion”.  I personally call it that because it’s been a “Decadent Commodity”…” he responded, holding the door opened for us as we walked back into BlitZed.
“Speaking of ‘locals’ milling around, we are not inviting any.  The road needs to be blocked off.  We’ll handle who gets beyond the barricades.  This is going to be a very private party.  We’re not requiring anyone to show I.D. because we’ll know all of our guests.  There won’t be any underage drinking…” Poppy informed him and appeared to be holding out for a reaction.
“My security personnel have strict enforcement protocols…” Mr. Gray shot back.
Poppy smiled slyly before he turned around to face him.  Mr. Gray almost plowed into him because he stopped so abruptly.
“My family will be providing all the enforcement and it’s all we’ll need…” he declared.
“The doors don’t open unless Ice Man’s on the clock and my staff…” he tried to respond.
“We are willing to grant an exception to your head of security, but no one else.  My family handles our own affairs…” Poppy interjected.
“Your family can’t possibly cover security for all five of my clubs!  What guarantee do I have?”
“You’ll have my word…” he interrupted him, again.
My Poppy sounds dead serious.  But, for some odd reason, I think he’s just toying around with him.  It’s like he’s trying to see where the man’s buttons are and what it takes to push them.  The tension started building.  My R-daddy physically stepped between them…forcing them to make some space.
“Gray, our family doesn’t get down to business until the men are seated at the bargaining table.
“Ladies, if you don’t mind, you can wait here, near the dance floor.  I’m sure Mr. Race can offer you some beverages and turn on the music for your entertainment.  We’ll just be right over there, should you need us…” R-daddy said in his deep gypsy voice.
The men sat on the other side of the room.
Poppy doesn’t negotiate in front of females, but he’s not letting us out of his sight either.  Going into a closed office is out of the question.  So, the music would have to suffice for giving them some privacy.
Originally, Scarlett and I sat down with our moms’.  The Ice giant took our drink orders and wordlessly delivered them to the table.  G-mom was getting acquainted with my Meemaw Pricilla and Momma-C was facilitating the process.  Scarlett added in a few comments, but she kept wishfully looking at the dance floor.
“Comon’ girl…dance with me…” I coaxed, grabbed her hand and led the way.
BlitZed was so crowded last night that I could barely move.  But, for the moment, this is our own, personal club.  The music was echoing off the empty walls.  We danced around the floor like we would never get to dance again.
An hour later the men were still engrossed in their meeting.  Scarlett still had plenty of energy, but I was out of steam.  My body is trying to adjust to my new schedule.  Plus, I didn’t have Tray perform his nightly obliteration on me.  I was scared I would sleep through my alarm because I got home so late.
My stress induced yawning disorder also had me in its evil clutches all morning.  Even while I was dancing, I kept covering my yawns.  I had a dire need to rub my eyes.  They were dry and itchy.  I’m obviously exhausted on top of being riddled with stress…
Ice Man followed me over to the bar.
“Clandestine Double Red-Bull in a tall glass with ice, please…”
He opened the cans out of view, but g-mom and Momma-C knew what I was drinking, regardless.  I blew them each a kiss, sipped the drink and then, yawned.  They paid me a look of concern as I sat down at a nearby table to chat with Scarlett.
Our conversation was an interesting mix of subjects.  I covered my brothers and sisters, niece and nephews, classes, extra-curricular activities and a little about my classes.  Careful to sensor what I said, I kept every tale G-rated.  Also, I intentionally mentioned my chaperone with every college detail I shared.
She covered a multitude of gypsy girl topics.  Scarlett has an amazing ability to seamlessly flow from one random subject to the next with ease.  She started out telling me about her cooking skills, before discussing current gypsy fashion trends for wedding celebrations.  Incredible and little known household cleaning hints, led into a discussion of baby names, before it turned into a chat about jewelry and wound up with a six minute, year-by-year highlights of her happy, sheltered childhood as an Ay’sha traveler daughter.
Between her skilled conversational abilities, my exhaustion and the general topics, I relaxed.  Still, I remained mindful of my captive audience because she will report everything I say to her parents.  They are her entire world.  Sharing even her most intimate secrets with them comes naturally to her.
 I was holding my own and feeling confident about the neutral conversation.  Then, Scarlett went from informing me of how she wants at least eight kids, to my current housing situation.  That’s where I got stymied.
Jarron and my brothers can’t very well live in my sorority, but that little issue wasn’t something I had even considered when Scarlett sprang the question on me, “…but, who takes care of you at home if you don’t have a sorority mother on site?”
I nervously twirled a strand of hair, trying to think of a gypsy-appropriate answer.  My mind drew a total blank.  In desperation I distracted her by asking a question about Dylan.  Fortunately, that is a subject she can’t resist talking about.
Scarlett had managed to squeeze in his name, at least every third sentence.  But, when I brought him up, her eyes sparkled.  She took my question as permission to freely talk about him.
It is clear Scarlet loves Dylan and wants to be with him.  But, it’s also very evident that she adores her dad.  She clings to him, works hard to gain his approval and always looks at him with an almost hero-like worship.
Momma-C was correct in her assessment.  Scarlett Reigns is a daddy’s girl.
Ember will be so relieved.  I can now, confirm that Scarlett really loves her gypsy life and she is not being held prisoner.
The men all shook hands and the deal had been struck.  The Warming Feast was scheduled for next Sunday night.  That’s not very much time for planning, but Momma-C and g-mom seemed pleased.
This time on the ride, I laid my head in g-mom’s lap.  I battled my eyelids while she stroked my hair.
“How’d you get my dad to give Gray some wiggle room?  I felt bad for the little guy…” Momma-C asked.
“Brad and Gray both loosened up without too much assistance…” R-Daddy revealed, humbly.
“Honey, I think you’ve forgotten that I was raised by Bradwell Reigns.  Unless he’s bargaining with another Dom, the negotiations typically last for two or three days.  I’ve just gotta know how you did it – please…” she inquired.
“Well, maybe, I did help grease the wheels…a little bit.  I gave Gray a few small incentives to see things Brad’s way.  Your dad wasn’t about to budge on the I.D. and gypsy only security issues.  So, I doubled what Gray was asking for in rental and gave him a refundable deposit equal to the replacement cost of his largest building…” R-daddy told her.
I automatically, gasped and g-mom blurted out, “…that really wasn’t necessary.”  We simultaneously apologized.  I said sorry for eavesdropping while they are discussing money matters.  And, she offered hers for interfering.
“You’re not eavesdropping, baby.  Our finances are yours and g-mom’s, too.  You should know that by now…” Momma-C told us, sounding hurt.
I caught myself right before I said, “I’m sorry…” again.  Apologizing will only make her feel worse.
“I do know that, Momma-C.  My brain’s not functioning…too much input…not enough downtime…I’m tired,” I offered her the valid excuses.
She looked back to make sure I was lying down and I smiled at her.
I got a job at the Java Den because I liked having my own cash.  But, earning a paycheck has never been a necessity in my life.  My debit card is linked to our family account and my credit card bills go to the accountant.  I don’t know how much money we have in the bank.  I have never had an occasion to wonder about it, so I have never looked.  My credit cards have no limit that I’m aware of either.
My g-daddy had a hefty life insurance policy when he passed away.  My g-mom was financially set for the rest of her life.  But, even she uses our family money.
I really need some sleep, if I’m forgetting something like that…
“And Liz, I’m not accepting that apology from you either.  I’m assuming your interference is what spiffed up Gray before our arrival.  That was a lifesaver!  Brad would still be entertaining himself wheelin’-and-dealin’ – and I’d still be greasing the spokes, without your intervention.  If the managing partner had shown up looking like he did in all those pictures hanging in the hallways, Brad would’ve had a field day making him look foolish.
“Like all Doms, Celeste’s dad lives for the sport of striking a bargain through dealing.  That game Brad had going would’ve continued indefinitely if Gray had walked up to us looking like a disheveled, wooly-booger.  I had to position my body between the photos and Brad, every time we walked by one so he couldn’t see what Gray used to look like.  I’ve never known a man to let a mustache grow halfway up his cheeks before today…
“That wasn’t a very neighborly observation of me to make.  Now, I’m the one that should say, sorry…” R-daddy stated.
“Oh, don’t feel bad.  I originally thought that mustache was glued on to his face as part of a bad disguise.  I told him as much too.  When he informed me otherwise, I didn’t bat an eyelash or apologize…”
“You didn’t???” we questioned her, in unison.
“The truth’s the truth…and I didn’t have time for sugar-coating.  Well, I did soften it a little afterwards, because he was stunned by my blatant honesty.  I needed him to get moving.  I ordered Sebastian to locate an emergency trimmer and he took off like I pulled a gun or pay him a salary.  Then, I launched into a speech about locating the handsome man who must be hiding underneath the fuzz.  Viola’…mission accomplished, well sorta…I’m not a plastic surgeon or a miracle-worker…” g-mom revealed and had us all in stitches.
Closing my eyes, I listened as R-daddy shared the details of their final bargain.
Mr. Gray agreed to let members of my gypsy family cover the barricades and main entrances.  They would issue wristbands to everyone underage.  In concession, Poppy agreed to let him hire his own bouncers, wait staff and bartenders provided they were all locals.
My Poppy agreed that our family would keep a vigilant watch over the minors in the club and prevent them from drinking alcohol.  Mr. Gray agreed to that, conditionally.  He would instruct the bouncers that they are to be extra sets of watchful eyes, only.  But, if they see anyone underage consuming alcohol, they will report them to Mr. Race who will handle it at his discretion.
Both parties agreed that anyone caught fighting would be escorted outside.  The matter will be handled by our family, off the property.  They also established that no local is allowed to interfere in an altercation.  Mr. Race would intervene and take action only if the Doms couldn’t get the situation under control.  That was highly improbable, but Poppy approved the concession to make Mr. Gray feel like he was getting something.
Banquet tables and priority seating for the bride’s family and groom’s family would be set-up on the stage in BlitZed.  The food had to be prepared, brought in and served by a licensed catering company with a fully local staff.  According to R-daddy, this was the detail that took the longest to negotiate.
The Warming Feast is typically prepared by the bride’s family.  It’s a matter of pride for the bride-to-be to show off her culinary skills before the wedding.
“Gray beat around about forty bushes before he finally said he would have to call in a local for a sanitation inspection during the festivities.  Brad relented immediately and that ended the debate.  It’ll be catered.  But, it would’ve saved us a good hour if he’d just started with that detail, instead of telling us nine times over that none of his clubs have a kitchen…” R-daddy told us.
I took the term local to mean ungifted humans.  No one mentioned what realm Mr. Gray hails from, but it must be a place that has spiritually gifted people.  I assume Poppy wouldn’t have been so insistent on only having locals if Mr. Gray were some poorly dressed, mousy human millionaire.
Sebastian Race must be gifted, as well.  That explains a lot in terms of his ability to motivate young intoxicated co-eds to leave without protest.  So, all the serial killer tales and criminal dramas surrounding Ice Man are nothing more than Ember-intrigues.  Oh well…
Relaxed and comfortable, the exhaustion caught up with me.  My thoughts began to wander.
Maybe Mr. Gray’s uni-brow and cozy cheeky mustache are considered hot in his home world…
That was the last thing I thought, before I fell asleep.

Chapter Thirteen

Momma-C or R-daddy must have channeled something to me.  According to the clock, I had only napped for fifty minutes.  But, I felt completely refreshed.
I woke up in bed at the House of Vayles’Rodier – Momma-G and Daddy-Jax’s home in this realm.
“Hello beautiful daughter of mine…did you enjoy a restful slumber?” Momma-G asked me when I walked out to the garden to find her.
“Yes…I’m so happy to see you!  I’ve missed you so much,” I said, rushing into her arms.
“I have also missed you…”
“Where’d everyone go?”
“They were kind enough to leave us, so we could spend some time together.  I would dearly love to hear about your meeting your traditional gypsy relatives and what is happening in your life.  But, before we begin, I need to make a request.
“I would like to take you tonight to a small dinner party at my parents’ home.  They are looking most forward to meeting you.  I realize your day has been quite full, already.  So, I will understand if you are not feeling up to meeting them…” she said.
“You don’t even have to ask, Momma-G.  I’m looking forward to meeting them, just as much as they are to meeting me…”
“Your Momma-C and I got so wrapped up in planning events that we neglected to take this mandatory introduction to you into account.  We would likely not survive the wrath of our parents if they were not introduced to our youngest daughter before the general public…” she explained and grew silent.
Her voice was thick with emotion.  So, I embraced her and made her the same offer as I did with Momma-C.  After pulling out her calendar, we scheduled a monthly mother/daughter lunch.
“Momma-C will join us in about an hour.  Together, she and I will get you dressed and ready to meet your royal grandparents.
“We will also be enjoying the company of Taft, Natrice and Dylan Rhinehart this evening.  They will arrive after my parents have spent time getting to know you, privately.  This dinner party should not be quite as overwhelming as your breakfast meet-and-greet.
“Your g-mom had a prior commitment and will be unable to attend.  I also invited your R-daddy and Momma-C to this dinner.  They politely declined.  I hear the morning events were quite festive and draining…” she stated.
I told her all about meeting my traveler relatives.  Then, I offered her the same update I gave to Momma-C this morning.
She was riveted as I gave her the details on meeting my traditional family members.  She paid particular attention when I told her about Scarlett Reigns because she hasn’t met her yet.  I took my phone out and let her scroll through my pictures.  Even using all the tricks my g-mom taught me to recall new faces, I still forgot as many names as I remembered.
Momma-C arrived just as the topic switched to Tray and his viewing of the “Wop” dance at Sunridge.  My mommas’ compared perspectives and the three of us laughed hysterically.
I dressed in the outfit Momma-G had laid out for me, after taking a swift shower.  They would work together on my royal make-over.  And, I tried not to interrupt them as they revealed their lives to me.
Momma-G had shared some of her personal history at our family meeting.  But, she expanded on it and added details about growing up in her sizeable, blue-blooded gypsy family.
Next, she told us about how Daddy-Jax had swept her off her feet during their whirlwind romance.  She would delve into some very private areas of her life, freely sharing them with me and Momma-C.  And, I was completely immersed.
“Being raised in a large gypsy family, and being so desperately in love with Jax, made me crave to have a child with him.  However, the war in the Ava’shay realm prevented us from starting a family, right away.  He returned to the battlefield after a short honeymoon.  We spent a number of months apart while he was leading various campaigns.  This left me to navigate the intricacies of Ava’shay life alone.  Everything was new…well, except for the social aspect of running the Houses.  But, I am adaptable.  So, I stayed rather busy.
“By the time Jax’s first leave rolled around, I had established myself as his High Reigning Lady.  We did not get to be together very often.  You see, the High Reigning General had just risen in authority a few years before our marriage.  Jax had the responsibility of properly training him on the battlefield.  I was aware of where our priorities would be placed before our wedding.  Therefore, his frequent and prolonged absences were expected.  But, it was still certainly a different life than what I was accustomed to.
“The topic of having a family was never far from my thoughts or omitted from our conversations.  My gypsy upbringing is hard to ignore.  And, I truly longed to have a piece of him with me when he was gone.
“Jax, however, was and is, quite adept at guiding me to other subjects when I wander into uncomfortable territories.  He wanted to give me a baby, almost as desperately as I wanted to have one.  But, he was determined to have my pregnancy occur in the Hallows through the Covenant Rites.  Although he has never blatantly admitted this to me, he was terrified of what might happen if I were to bear him an earth-realm baby.  Those trepidations are justified and have merit.
“At the time, my pure Ay’sha lineage would have made carrying his Ava’shay baby an excruciating experience.  Before Ember came into our midst, Jax would have been forced to stay with me around-the-clock while I was pregnant.  His channeling would have been necessary to protect both me and our unborn baby…
“Actually, I need to clarify that statement.  A physician could have easily been substituted to provide me with continual channeling.  But, I know my husband.  Jax would have never left my side during such a vulnerable period and would want to be available to me until our child was delivered.  He would have been torn as well, between the responsibility to his commission and fathering, once our baby arrived.
“His absence would have greatly impacted the General’s training…not to mention, Jax is a strong, effective leader.  I had to remain mindful of doing what was best for the Ava’shay population.  My personal desires had to be tempered until the timing was appropriate and Jax would not be forced into a compromising position.  Such is the life of a queen…duty, first…desires, thereafter. 
“Leaving the battlefield and an inexperienced General to command it were not his only concerns.  The pain of pregnancy while bearing an Ava’shay offspring, outside of the Hallows, would have begun within hours of conception and would not have abated until I delivered.  Additionally, the pain of Ava’shay childbirth, from what I am told, is more overwhelming than the agony of pregnancy.
“On top of those rigors, I have my own spiritual gifts that would have contributed to the overall experience.  Having a pure lineaged, spiritually gifted Ay’sha baby is no picnic in the park either.  My lineage is one of the most powerful of the gypsy bloodlines.  This would have exponentially increased my chances of dying during the birth process – a fact that was inescapable and one Jax understood, as well.  
“Even now, with Ember’s permanent channeling that safeguards both expectant mother and baby, pregnancy with an Ava’shay offspring is extraordinarily taxing.  The discomfort felt during pregnancy is actually nominal.  But, Willow claims the agony was so intense when she gave birth to Quinn in this realm, that she actually felt her heart stop beating at various points.
“Tray has only one-quarter Ava’shay heritage.  Jax is pure lineage Ava’shay.  The excruciating pain that I would have experienced would have been tremendous…”    
“Won’t an epidural help?” I asked, finally interrupting her because I couldn’t take it anymore.
“No…” she responded and Momma-C agreed by shaking her head.
“Well, can’t R-daddy do something to relieve the pain of childbirth??  He’s a powerful shaman.  Surely, he can help the mother’s out or cast a spell to make it safer??” I inquired.
“I’m sorry, sweet girl…his hands are tied in this instance.  Unfortunately, there is no pain reliever or channel, or ‘spell’ as you call it, known that can quell the agony of giving birth to an Ava’shay baby.  That is the primary reason most of the Ava’shay have no siblings…” Momma-G revealed.
“I’m sorta confused.  You said your Ay’sha lineage would make pregnancy even more dangerous for you.  But, gypsies typically have huge families and most of their kids are spiritually gifted, right?  So, is it just having an Ava’shay baby that’s so physically demanding and hazardous to the mom’s health?” I questioned, perplexed.
“All spiritually gifted pregnancies are painful propositions…just some are more so than others.  The baby’s genetic gifts must be factored in, along with both the mother’s and the father’s spiritual powers,” Momma-G told us, but I was still struggling with the concept.
“Krista, I gave birth, twice and had two spiritually gifted daughters.  So, I can attest to the truth in Momma-G’s statement.  Between my gypsy lineage and Rave’s indescribable Vaydem giftings…well, I’ve gotta admit, I actually wished my heart would stop beating during a few of those moments while I was in labor.
“Giving birth to Vixie Edara was much more painful than my second experience a year later, with Lillen Eva.  I used to believe Vixie was more gifted than Lillen because of the pain involved delivering her.  That turned out to be an ironic fallacy.  Neither one of my biological girls were extraordinarily talented when it came to spiritual giftings.
“Vixie’s birth was more rigorous because she was a challenge from her first breath, forward.  Nothing ever came easy with her…potty training…walking…talking…all the milestones took her more time to master than even a human baby.  She would get overly frustrated from the slightest setback.  And school was nothing more than a hunting ground for her.  She wasn’t interested in learning anything that wasn’t profitable.  So, she loved to spend as much time as possible with my parents.  But, my dad will not tolerate drug use or drinking when it comes to gypsy girls.  When he discovered her chemical addictions, he asked her to come and live with them, exclusively.
“I was all for it because they could’ve cleaned her up.  But, Vixie knew that meant a permanent and abrupt end to getting high.  My mom wouldn’t have permitted her one second of freedom.  Still, I realized that my parents were on to something.  Vixie declined their offer, but it wasn’t going to get her off the proverbial gypsy hook.
“I gave her a choice.  She could either stay with them, or come home to her “authentic gypsy mom”.  The girl might have damaged her brain from overuse of intoxicants, but she was smart enough to read between the lines.  She thought over the decision for a few days.
“Vixie eventually chose to come home.  She felt like she would have better luck manipulating me than her grandparents.  But, I was at the end of my rope.  I wasn’t joking about handling her addictions like a gypsy mom, instead of a Vaydem.
“Less than ten hours later, she made a beeline for freedom.  She took off in the middle of the night.  She had just turned fifteen.  By the way, running off at an early age is a very traditional gypsy thing to have happen.  So, I got no sympathy from my parents when I gave them the news.
“Aunt Embree, sorry I mean, Grandma Edie and I have compared our wayward daughter war-stories.  Her Journey and my Vixie were incredibly similar in many ways.  But, Journey was always looking for men to add to her collection and making them believe they were her one and only.  Vixie was looking for men to use to feed her addictions.  Once the well ran dry, she was off to find another victim.
“The day she brought my newborn son to me was the beginning of the end for her.  If it hadn’t been for her dad, Vixie Edara Jansen would have been a memory carved into a headstone.  I have lived as a Vaydem since I moved to the Preserve.  And, I truly believe in peaceful coexistence.  But, the gypsy mommy in me was riled to the boiling point that day.
“I’ll never forget it.  We came home at precisely 5:16.  I don’t know how long she had been waiting at Sunridge.  But, Vixie surprised us when we saw her sitting on the picnic table, smoking.  I noticed she had an oversized knapsack resting on the landing.
“Rave seemed happy to see her, but something felt off to me.  At first, I chalked up the uneasiness to my upbringing.  My family had raised me to be suspicious of everyone’s motives.  She ran into her dad’s arms and reunited with him.  But, when she didn’t immediately respond to his questions I knew my unsettled spirit was a sign.
“She attempted to hug me, but I told her not to bother.  She blocked my path, kept asking me to forgive her and accept her back.  Her pleas were a ploy.  I knew she was buttering me up for something, trying to manipulate me.
“My less than warm reaction made Rave hurt for her.  He’s sensitive to emotional slights.  I watched him wince as I rejected her.
“Normally, I would have at least attempted to thaw, slightly if only for his benefit.  But, I could see right through Vixie’s charade.  She wasn’t being sincere.  I didn’t see a need to fake a loving mother/daughter reunion.  So, I silently apologized to Rave with a facial expression before coldly, ordering Vixie to move out of my way.  After picking up her knapsack, I headed inside.
“Carrying that bag into the house was an unexplainable action.  Why take her things inside when I wanted her to leave?
“The bag felt unusually heavy.  But, I didn’t give it much consideration.  We are very private people.  I never went trolling through Vixie’s things when she lived with us, even though I knew she had addictions.  And, I had no intention of searching through her bag then either.  Evidently, she didn’t realize that.  She was hot on my heels when she grabbed my shoulder in an effort to turn me around.  She said, “…give it back” and tried to snatch her knapsack out of my arms.
“Those next few seconds are still hazy in my mind.  From what Rave tells me, I pushed her hard enough to make her hit the floor.  I ordered her to never touch me again.  Then, I stated, “…I’m not giving anything back that belongs to me.”
“I don’t remember any of that.  The next thing I can recall is catching a glimpse of movement.  I opened the knapsack and found Zander curled up inside.
“Vixie had tossed him in that filthy, old sack and had just left him lying on the concrete landing while she went to the picnic table to smoke!  He didn’t have on a stitch of clothing and his ribs were protruding through his skin.  He had smelly newspapers stuffed around him.  His naked body was covered in uncapped needles, other paraphernalia, drugs and cigarettes.  She had just tossed all of that junk, in on top of him.
“I found three pairs of unlaundered underwear, wrapped around a dented flask at the bottom…her idea of a crib, I suppose!
“A furious rage was building inside me as I wildly tossed contraband and gently lifted Zander out.  He was cooing, softly as he snuggled against me.  He pressed his little face against my chest with so much force and determination.  It was like he had never been touched by a human being.
“Vixie gasped, said “…it’s not alive” as she ducked behind Rave.  For a fleeting instant, I saw a flash of anger in her dad’s eyes.  His look of fury made my spirit so cold it shivered.  I have never been that petrified in my life…
“But then, his anger disappeared almost as quickly as it found him.  He returned to his normal peaceful, loving self.  And, my own fear was quickly forgotten.  I transformed back into a rising lunatic, consumed in livid wrath.
“That is the only time, since I married Rave that I wished we had still been living with my family.  My dad and/or my mom would’ve handled that girl in a permanent fashion, instantly.  To gypsies, our children are our life.  We don’t leave them alone as infants or ever throughout their childhood.  And, we would never place them on a concrete stoop, stuffed inside a nasty bag with sharp objects and poisons.
“Vixie had been high when we drove up that afternoon.  But, dread sobered her up.  She was terrified of what I might do, with excellent reason.  I was narrowly focused on her and ready to exact some severe gypsy punishment.
“I cradled my son, protectively while I lunged for Vixie’s throat.  I didn’t know it at the time, but Rave had placed a strong protective shield around Zander called unconquerable bearing.
“He knew I was furious and barely in control.  I shouldn’t have been holding a baby.  But, it wasn’t safe for Rave to take him from my arms.  He understood that.  In order to keep Zander from getting hurt, he shielded him.  It was the only thing he could do right then.
“Rave continued to block my advances as we listened to Vixie ramble about how that was “…a corpse in that bag for burying, not a real baby”.  Oh, there was going to be a funeral at Sunridge that day.  I told her I would oblige her dead body request.  She shrieked and attempted to climb into her dad’s skin for protection.
“Rave allowed me to vent the anger.  He didn’t try to quiet me down or stop me from threatening her like a deranged killer.  But, he maintained his guarded position because he knew I meant every threat I issued to her.
“She kept shrieking that she could explain.  There was nothing she could do to stop me.  She ripped her dad’s shirt off, ducking and dodging.  Before I could catch her and/or waylay her with a channel, Zander started crying.
“That was the first time, and one of the very few times, he ever cried as an infant.  I stopped instantly and got ahold of myself.  I soothed him until he quieted down.  I was comforting him and acting normal.  But, I was simultaneously calculating how to end Vixie without Rave being forced to witness it and without scaring Zander in the process.
“That’s a very ugly thought and one I’ve not shared…ever, until now.  I momentarily turned into an evil monster.  But, I’m a Reigns’ and was raised in the traveler culture.  My parents would have slaughtered me if I had stuffed an infant in a bag and never given me, or what they had done, a second thought.
“As fortune would have it though, I’m married to the most patient and gentle man in any realm.  He prevented me from taking any homicidal or even harmful action.  Rave was the only person who had the power and knowledge to diffuse my raging gypsy emotions.
“I want you both to know that he’s still unaware he singlehandedly saved Vixie’s life.  I had plans to call my dad the first chance I had.  I was going to ask him to hunt her down like an animal and eliminate her for me.  Rest assured she would have been dead within days, if I had made that call.  But, I would later learn that murdering her would have turned out to be a huge, costly and devastating mistake.
“The gypsy way would have brought me temporary satisfaction.  But, the Vaydem way would wind up saving my real children and my entire family…” Momma-C told us before her cell phone rang.
Momma-G continued to curl my hair in silence, as we waited for Momma-C to hang up the phone and resume her story.  It was evident that Momma-G had never heard this particular tale.  Neither of us knew how Zander was delivered to Momma-C and R-daddy.  Momma-G was wiping away tears when she kissed me on my forehead.
Zander’s filthy knapsack seems to mirror my own delivery.  The similarities gave me the chills…
“Sorry, Rave couldn’t find the keys to his truck.  He hates it when I go on a gypsy cleaning spree.  He says he can never find anything…
“Okay…where was I…oh yes, Vixie…
“She was streetwise and wary.  She knew enough to be terrified of me, no matter how calm I appeared and sounded.  So, she mainly directed her bizarre explanation to her dad.
“Vixie claimed that she didn’t know she was pregnant or she would’ve taken care of it.  She wasn’t interested in wasting hard-earned funds or her youth on a “squalling, life sucking leech”.  I nearly lost control of my façade when she said that.
“She also swore up and down, that when she woke up from “one of the best buzzes” of her life that “it” was just lying dead beside her.  The lethal look I provided her was more than enough incentive for her to stop calling him, it, and use pronouns.
“She said his lips were blue and he never took a breath.  I didn’t believe her and neither, did her dad, obviously.  She was actually offended.  So, she offered us a twisted tale as evidence that he was dead when she noticed him.  She reminded me and her dad that healthy newborns are worth a wad of dough and she wouldn’t be stupid enough to give up major dollars if he’d been alive to sell.  That was her proof!
“Vixie was so high, she thought he was dead.  If he had been born alive, she would have sold my baby on the black market to the highest bidder.  But, in her inebriated perception, he was stillborn.  So, she had to think of a solution to deal with the body.
“She informed us that she couldn’t bring herself to touch him.  After sliding him out of the way with a discarded two-by-four, she covered him with newspapers and took off for “a day or maybe, just an hour”.  She had to find some pills or some smack, so she could figure out what to do.
“He was still “totally dead” when she returned, according to her account.  Her original plan was to just toss him in the nearby landfill because it was convenient.  And, according to her infinite wisdom, it would be, “…cool to be laid to rest surrounded by so much history…”  I promise that’s what she said, word-for-stupid-word.
“Wasted or not, she still couldn’t bring herself to touch a corpse no matter how small it was.  She was searching for a plastic bag when “the voice” started talking to her.  It told her throwing him away would lead to bad luck and horrible misfortune.  This “voice” told her that she had touched him in her sleep.  When that happened she was placed under a ‘graven gypsy curse’.  She didn’t know what that meant, but she heard the word “curse” and froze in terror.
“Traditional Ay’sha folks are superstitious about many things.  But, I have never heard anything about the accursed perils of napping and brushing the skin of a dead body.  She claimed “the voice” told her the only way to end her “graven gypsy curse” was to give him the proper burial, with sacred funeral rites.  The “voice” was finished talking.  She didn’t know of anyone who could perform funeral rites, sacred or otherwise, besides her dad.  So, Sunridge was her only option.
“I would later inadvertently discover that Vixie has a criminal record and her DNA is on file in the national database.  I personally believe she was scared the authorities could link her to Zander if she had just dumped him.  I’m guessing she invented “the noble voice” that coaxed her into bringing him home. 
“Rave had placed an additional rhythmic shield around our son while Vixie spun her ridiculous tale of intoxicated-fantasy. The rhythmic shield prevented Zander from hearing anything besides my heartbeat.  He was nestled against me, sucking his thumb, content and happy.
“By the time Vixie was finished, I had lost my desire to let my dad handle the matter.  I was so appalled that I wanted to do it myself.  All I was waiting for was a direct line of fire to channel decimated waste.  I was so far gone in vengeance.
“Rave must have understood that Vixie’s horrific excuses only added fuel to my rage.  His Vaydem wife had temporarily vacated.  I was an Ay’sha mommy, at that point and was prepared to deliver blood justice.
“He was careful to stand between us when he turned and told Vixie we needed to go into the bedroom to privately discuss this matter.  She begged him not to leave her.  I remember her shrieking, “…please, daddy…no…she’ll get me without you being there…I’m scared…”  But, what I didn’t see was a single tear.  She had no remorse…no shame for what she’d done.
“Rave promised her she would be safe, as long as she stood very still.  Then, he cautiously moved me and Zander away from her.  I had fully anticipated that he was going to offer me a fluffy piece of Vaydem wisdom about the sanctity of life.  And, I had an argument ready to counter his.  But, that wasn’t what he had in mind.
“He tilted my face up, so he could look me in the eyes and whispered, ‘Please, let me handle her from here…’
“And, I told him, ‘I’d rather be dipped naked in kerosene and set ablaze than let her get away without receiving some motherly gypsy punishment…’”
“He responded by saying, ‘Just answer this one thing for me before you act on those emotions and expend all that effort it takes to exact justice.  Who deserves your time, right now – the delivery girl, who’s not worth her salt, or our son who must be really hungry?’
“The reality came crashing into my awareness.  I wanted Ay’sha vengeance, but my son needed me.  He was naked and hungry.  He was in dire need of a bath and a warm bed to sleep in.  I was standing around, wasting daylight, listening to a drug induced fairytale and plotting revenge, when my baby had needs that only I could fulfill.
“My rage and animosity melted away.  I left Rave to handle Vixie.  I don’t know what else she told him or what he said to her.  And, I have never bothered to ask either.  My focus was on my son, Zander and it never wavered, again.  I carried him to the basement with me.  After I found Lillen’s old car seat and a soft, clean baby blanket, I strapped him in and took my son shopping with me.
“Vixie actually spent that night in her old bedroom.  Once she fell asleep, I used my gypsy maternal privilege, stripped her of Ay’sha gifts and offered her a channel.  The channel permanently fragmented her memory.  It took effect as soon as she stepped off the Preserve.
“Beyond those things, I didn’t give her another second of my consideration.  Rave slept while holding Zander in his recliner.  And, I spent that night decorating his nursery, laundering baby clothes and nesting like all new mommies.
“By morning, Vixie had vanished without saying a word to anyone.  She simply “stole” the cash Rave planted for her and headed off to waste her life.
“My mom questioned me several times about why I didn’t handle Vixie like a Reigns’.  Killing her was expected and within my maternal rights…at least, it is in the gypsy philosophy.  I told her that my time and effort was better spent loving my son, Zander.  His surrogate was no longer my concern.  I can’t tell you how many times I repeated those words, but they never quite satisfied her.  My family believes in exacting retribution and seeking blood justice.  I didn’t respond like a true Reigns’ would.  I didn’t retaliate like a real Ay’sha.
“Years later, I would be down on my knees, thanking the Creator that love triumphed over gypsy retribution.  If it weren’t for Vixie…her addictions…and her lover, I would have lost my babies, Ember and Tray.  And, we never would have found Grandma Edie.  My family…our family…would still be scattered to the realms and winds.
“One day, when we have more time, I promise to tell you that ironic story and all the bad that could’ve happened.  For now, it’s enough to understand that I had a righteous right to retaliate against Vixie.  But, I didn’t take it.  My parents and my extended biological family were both incensed and disappointed in me.  They couldn’t comprehend why I would relinquish my right and absolve her.  They didn’t understand…me.
“So, now you know the reason they question my mothering abilities.  And, you get why they wonder if I’m truly a gypsy, anymore.  They look at my real children to see how I’m raising each of you…searching for the answers.  But, I doubt they’ll ever find them.  They don’t understand forgiveness…they only know justice.
“Living under their constant scrutiny and always, being forced to prove myself is well worth the hefty price tag.  The alternative would have been way too costly.  In fact, I see no way to survive without any one of you.
“Nothing is more valuable to me than my sealed family members.  And, nothing is more precious in this world to me than my sealed babies.  And, nothing ever will be…”

Chapter Fourteen

Daddy-Jax trans-versed us to the home of my royal grandparents.  Their house reminded me of a consulate.  The foyer had large, painted family portraits.  The straight back chairs were positioned underneath large mirrors.
The staff stood, waiting in two perfect rows.  The household’s head butler announced my grandparents’ as they entered the room.
Ashworth and Laurel-Anne Elingston were dressed in formal evening wear.  His tux was deep blue and her off-white dress was accented with a few matching rhinestones.  Although they are not as flamboyant as my traditional grandparents’, they are just as glamorous.  They would steal the show at any red carpet event.
As they slowly made their way to us, they nodded to the staff in acknowledgement.  Their employees responded by bowing or performing a small curtsy, respectfully.
My grandfather is a handsome man with dark brown hair and even darker brown eyes.  He is tall with a slim, sinewy build.
My Meemaw is only a few inches shorter than her husband.  She is so graceful that it’s almost like she floats instead of taking actual strides.  Her light blonde hair is complimented by her dark blue eyes.
Together, they make a perfectly symmetrical and absolutely flawless couple…
Anxious, I fought against the urgent need to yawn as they finally reached our destination.  I was dressed, appropriately and knew what to do, but I still felt nervous meeting them.  After dispensing with the ceremonial and frigid introductions, they requested that we “retire to the salon”.
I have been invited into thousands of unfamiliar rooms with my g-mom.  But, I have never been asked to retire, anywhere.  So, not only did I have to struggle against the impulse to yawn, I also found myself fighting to quell the giggles.  The Queen of England would be considered informal and easygoing in comparison to my grandparents’.
I tried my hand at the ‘royal floating walk’, but almost tripped over my own two feet.  To make up for my downtown stride, I took small steps and held the most rigid posture I could.  A quick glance in the mirror revealed that standing up straight makes a girl look like a runway model.  Even though I am only 5’5”, people would describe me right now as willowy.  Nothing about this feels normal, though.
It didn’t take long to discover that my typical posture sucks and changing it to perfection without any practice is painful.  I hope we can sit down, soon because I can’t risk a proper-posture related injury so close to a cheering competition.
A small giggle inadvertently, escaped as I thought about Jarron’s reaction to my new back problems.  Daddy-Jax smiled, slyly at me as I covered my mouth.
My Momma-G had prepared me for the proper welcoming ceremony at the door.  She had instructed me on which utensil to use during each of the nine courses, how to address the Rhineharts’ and even how much I should eat.  But, her preparations did not include how I should act at a salon retirement.
I mirrored every movement made by my Momma-G and asked for some heavenly assistance.  The Creator was listening…
The huge sliding doors closed to the salon.  And then, my uptight grandparents’ transformed into regular gypsies.  Just like Poppy and Meemaw Reigns’ they made me twirl around to get a good look at me.  They fawned over me, hugged me and scolded my parents for keeping me all to themselves.
The only difference between my two sets of grandparents is the way they talk.  The Reigns’ use a conversational and informal tone, no matter what they might be doing.  The Elingstons’ maintain their formal air, even in this suddenly family-familiar environment.
Placing that difference aside, everything else is identical.  The conversation was so eerily similar to my morning meet-and-greet that I wondered if time had somehow, reversed.  The setting sun indicated that this is indeed, a new event unfolding.
Someone needs to enlighten my grandparents that, minus the window dressings and the words, gypsies are just gypsies.  It would save Dylan and Scarlett a ton of grief.
My grandfather escorted me over to the piano and told me stories about the more memorable family snapshots.  Then, chills crept up my arms as I witnessed Grandfather Elingston virtually transform into Poppy Reigns.
He wanted to show me that I am Momma-G’s twin.  I was already reeling from the many gestured coincidences.  And, I didn’t think I could be shocked, any more than I was.  My assumption would be proven wrong.
The picture he displayed was of an eighteen year old, Momma-G on the beach, smiling with sun-streaked golden strands.  She was standing in the same position as Momma-C was in her sunny beach picture this morning.  It could have been a reprint.
We are identical triplets!
Stunned and amazed by the uncanny flukes, I blurted out “…they’re so beautiful!  Can I have that picture, please??”
By “they”, I meant Momma-C and Momma-G.
My royal grandparents mistakenly heard ‘we’re’ instead of ‘they’re’.  They agreed that I am the beautiful, mirror image of my momma.  I was so surprised that I didn’t correct their error.
He retrieved the photograph and handed it to me.  Red-faced from impulsively asking for such a personal memento, my grandparents’ insisted that I take it.  I thanked them and gratefully accepted their numerous compliments.
Momma-G’s eyes were shiny from un-spilled tears.  In a rare display of public affection, she pulled me to her, kissed my cheek and whispered, “I love you, my youngest daughter…”
The Rhineharts’ arrived for dinner shortly, thereafter.
Once again, my grandparents’ transformed and resumed their aloof personas’.  I tucked the picture into my purse before being formally introduced to them. 
Taft Rhinehart was dressed in a black, pinstriped tuxedo.  He is about two inches taller than my grandfather.  He has dirty blonde hair with some gray blended into it – making him look distinguished.  His emerald green eyes are nearly identical to Meemaw Pricilla’s eye coloring.
Natrice Rhinehart was dressed in a black evening gown with sparkling jeweled accents.  She has dark blonde hair, but her light brown eyes are her more striking feature.  I estimated that she only stands about 5’7” in her heels.
Taft and Natrice Rhinehart are like Tray and Willow.  The men are giants, married to elven women…
I was introduced to Dylan, last.  He bowed and I curtsied, simultaneously.  I waited for him to speak before respectfully and politely, greeting him.
Dylan is about 5’8” tall with a slight build, dark blonde hair and blue eyes.  He was also dressed in a tuxedo.  With babyish facial features, he didn’t even look old enough to be going to a prom.  His boyish voice matched his innocent features.  But, in the gypsy culture, he is considered a man in his own right…no matter how young he appears and sounds.
As the two youngest, he would escort me to the dining room.  His place card was positioned beside my own.  He struck up a conversation with me, almost immediately.  I didn’t share much about my life.  I was raised to be independent and speak my mind.  So, I had naturally assumed I would be “acting” like a deferential gypsy daughter and fighting to hide my true, liberated inner-woman in this intimate setting.
It was the strangest thing, but I found I wasn’t struggling with anything.  I slipped into the demure, good little gypsy girl role like it was second-nature.
Somewhere inside me, there still has to be my normal strong-willed, liberated and opinionated woman.  But, I was gradually being overshadowed by a timid, quiet, deferential and unfamiliar female.  Everything I know about ‘who I am’ is being lost…fading ever so slowly into the background.  This occurred while I wasn’t paying too much attention.
Courses came and went, as I listened to Dylan talk in rapt fascination.  He is a very interesting kid, who adores his family.  He has lived a remarkable life and openly, shared his history with me.  He is handsome and incredibly charming.
I was so caught up in his irresistible stories, that I completely missed a question directed to me.
“I believe my father is addressing you…” Dylan whispered.
“I apologize, sir.  Please, restate the inquiry…” I offered while simultaneously thanking the Creator that I didn’t just mindlessly mumble “huh”.
My head remained stuck in the gypsy clouds until we retired to the parlor.  It looked oddly like the salon we were in earlier.  However, my grandparents never dropped their royal demeanor and neither, did my parents.
I’m not physically attracted to Dylan.  But, I’m drawn to him.  It makes me wonder if he has some type of channeling skills like Tray’s.
Could it be that he is using those abilities to turn me into his idea of a proper, passive gypsy girl?  Or worse, is he casting a spell and manipulating Scarlett??
Suddenly suspicious of him, I asked Momma-G to show me to the ladies’ room to powder my nose.  This was the code we established that meant I needed to talk to her.
“Does Dylan have a Tray-like skill of persuasion, Momma-G??” I sprung the question on her the instant the door closed behind us.
“Not that I am aware of.  You appear distressed, my sweet girl.  Is something amiss?” she asked me, worriedly.
“No…I don’t guess…well, yes…well, yes and no.  I’m really worried about Scarlett…if he’s doing to her what he’s doing to me then, she might be in trouble.
“I’m not attracted to Dylan…not like she is…not in that way.  I think maybe, he’s somehow manipulating me to find him interesting.  I am…I guess the word is enthralled by everything he says.  How can someone so young be so charming and captivating?  Well, Quinn’s charming and captivating like that too.  But, this circumstance is ridiculous.
“I seem to be losing myself to an unknown, rising inner-gypsy girl when Dylan talks to me.  I must be suffering from an acute mental illness because my personality just split on me with no warning.  You know I’ve never been accused of being the silent type.  I’m the captain of my cheerleading team.  I’m opinionated and stubborn.  But here, with him, I’m riveted and giggly and compliant.  Me – compliant!  I don’t want to say anything until Dylan asks me a question or wants me to respond.  This is nuts and I need to have my head examined!  I feel upside-down and it’s freaking me out, Momma-G.
“I didn’t have time to chat with single gypsy boys this morning.  I was bombarded by cameras and compliments.  But, what if this is how I’ll react to every available gypsy guy at the upcoming events??  Does g-mom have a valid reason to be afraid about me running off??  Do you have a channel you can cast on me to keep me from doing that??  Do you need to do that??
“I don’t want to miss out on any hedonistic adventures with my g-mommies’ to get married and have a dozen babies, like Scarlett.  That’s her dream, not mine!  I love college.  I love my life and my freedom.
“This will sound insane coming from me, because I guess it is insane.  But, where did I lose the real me if Dylan isn’t doing anything to make me turn into a gypsy female?” I rambled like a psychotic, hoping she could decipher the lunacy.
“Calm down…just breathe…that’s my girl.  It’s all okay.  Focus on each breath and just listen.  We will work through your concerns, concentrating on one thing at a time.
“Dylan, even if he had your brother’s obliteration skill, would never dare use it in my parent’s home.  Obliterations cannot create romances.  Scarlett loves Dylan because that is what she genuinely feels.  You have no need to worry about her being compromised by a channeled illusion of her fiancée or their future.  Does that sufficiently settle the matter of whether Scarlett is being unduly influenced?”
“Yes ma’am…” I said between pants.
“Alright, let’s continue.  Gypsy males span the scale from mild-to-wild.  Some are proverbial bad boys.  Some are more retiring and reserved.  Many are wedged in the middle of those two extremes.  However, regardless of their personal dispositions, they are all astoundingly charismatic.  It is their magnetic, and rather torrid, quality that helps perpetuate both bloodlines in the Ay’sha cultures.
“Gypsy girls have a beguiling quality that is relatively sensual in nature.  This sensual response will be more pronounced around available Ay’sha males.  Between the male and female responses, the gypsy bloodlines are preserved.
“Ay’sha girls rarely deviate from finding gypsy husbands.  You no longer have to guess as to why this is a reality.  In addition, you are being exposed to both sides of gypsy life.  And, you will find them equally appealing.
“There is no mystery behind your heartfelt attraction and no need to become frantic.  You, Krista, are three times a gypsy through your blended maternal heritages’ – matriarchal, traditional and royal.  You are drawn to the gypsy life, the young Ay’sha gentlemen and your demure, innocent and deferential girlish role because you are a gypsy.  There is no way to change this situation.
“Your Momma-C and I have purposefully limited your explorations into your Ay’sha worlds.  You are our baby.  Frankly, neither of us was interested in sharing you with our relatives for another few years.  This situation forced our hand.
“Your Grandma Edie will also have this particular pain to contend with.  However, I believe in her case, it will be compounded.  She will be required to share all of her children with her relatives, at one time.
“We are each making motherly sacrifices for this love-struck young couple…
“All that you are undergoing, though, is completely natural.  Fallon had an identical experience.  What you are feeling is your Ay’sha spirit as it awakens.  It is perfectly acceptable to lose yourself while your soul comfortably stretches to accommodate its new role.
“Rest assured, your spirit will not rebel against your logical wishes or force you to run off to marry a gypsy boy – no matter how enthralling he might be.  You are still in control of your desires.  
“You have lost no part of who you are.  In fact, you will have added another dimension by gaining this awareness.  But, for now, you can, and should, enjoy this rare opportunity of being reborn, a gypsy…” she told me.
I thanked her, softly.  She used levity and an embrace to help me unwind.
“For your enlightenment and while we are on this subject the appropriate turn of phrase should you require one of us to use a spiritual gift is “offering you a channel” or simply “channeling”.  Casting a spell makes it sound as if we somehow perform magic.  The Creator, as you are aware, does not deal in magic, tricks or sorcery.
“I know your siblings enjoy using the term “whammy”.  I have worked diligently to excise this turn of phrase from their vocabulary.  It has met with limited success as your sisters rarely slip up and use it.  However, your brothers find the term humorous and are selectively rebellious.  It further seems that they have also convinced themselves that my hearing is limited to areas I am standing in.  That is the true comedy.  Wouldn’t you agree my daughter?” she offered, slyly.
“Oh yes.  I was about six when g-mom told me ‘all walls have mommy ears that listen, constantly’.  I never did see an actual ear, but I never once doubted her assertion about their existence…”
We giggled and I thanked her again.  Then, we returned to the after dinner party.
I already had a small awareness of just what it means to be a gypsy.  The family roots run so deep…they are…unbreakable.
Dylan had provided me with a lengthy and fascinating history lesson during the meal.  I can honestly understand how devastated he would be if he lost his family.  He is extraordinarily proud of his heritage and being the first born son.  I can’t envision him walking away just to be with the girl he loves.
And, I now understand Scarlett on a whole new level.  She feels the same way about her large family.  Even the babies she wants to have are an extension of her relationship with her mom.  Pricilla guides her daughter while she’s learning to be a mother.  That guidance does not end, no matter how many children she might have.
Momma-C had Vixie and Lillen.  Now, she has Zander, Ember, Tray, Jaysen, Willow, Fallon, Reid and me.  That’s ten babies and Pricilla still guides her.
Scarlett is nothing like my Momma-C.  She relies on her mom and cannot imagine raising her children without her constant supervision.  Traveler traditions are not optional lifestyle choices.  They define Scarlett and she wants them to define her little ones.
Momma-G is just as much a gypsy as my Momma-C.  But, they were raised in two different worlds.
Scarlett has been hands-on educated in things like cooking, cleaning and managing family life.
Royal gypsy girls are taught what qualities to look for when they hire a chef.  Blue-bloods are schooled in how to instruct the cleaning staff and given household management skills.
Dylan has been highly educated.  His skill base is structured to prepare him to step into something like a political post.  He is business savvy, even at his tender age.  My Poppy Bradwell values business skills in gypsy boys.  And, Taft Rhinehart values them, too.  But, not even that is common ground between their fathers’.
My Poppy believes his sons should be skilled in shrewd bargaining.  They demonstrate their expertise and worth by running successful and lucrative con jobs.
Taft Rhinehart believes his sons should conduct business like a skilled politician.  They prove themselves through, just as shrewd, white-collar business bargaining.  Dylan will rely financially on his dad until he is fully groomed to take over their family-operation.
Dylan and Scarlett would not just be giving up the people they love and admire.  They would also be surrendering their very identities, if they simply took off to be together.
As the evening wore on, the monumental challenges they face became stark reality.
Scarlett will have no idea how to be or, even act, like a royal Ay’sha.  I sincerely doubt Natrice Rhinehart would be willing to bring her up to speed.  Also, Natrice is nothing like Pricilla.  So, Scarlett will not have the foggiest notion on how to please her.
What will Natrice and Scarlett talk about for the rest of their lives?  They have nothing in common.
Dylan won’t be in much better shape.  He is a gypsy, but he doesn’t know how to be a traveler.  His formal education won’t mean a thing to Poppy Bradwell.  Dylan will have no way to prove himself to his new dad.  In fact, I can’t imagine how my traditional grandparents will judge him and his actions.  They have no frame of reference.  So, casual Sunday family breakfasts’ are basically out the window, if Dylan is required to interact with the other Doms.
I was raised to fit in wherever I happen to find myself.  My g-mom let me experience the world from every imaginable angle.  Dylan and Scarlett have each had wonderful, but extremely limited, life experiences.  Neither one is better…worse…more ideal…less ideal…they are just two different things.
The injustice of this entire situation was suddenly overwhelming me.  They are all gypsies.  How can they have nothing in common???
My mind was racing as the challenges piled on top of the astronomical problems.  I couldn’t fathom a single solution.  Overwhelmed and ready to start sobbing, I looked for a safety net.  I need my Momma-G!
Asking permission before I sat down closely beside my momma, I squeezed her hand to help me regain my perspective.  She didn’t know what had me in a spin, but my intermittent shaking let her know something was wrong.  My emotional storm quieted down as she gently stroked my arm.
I listened as Natrice and Grandmother Elingston resumed their discussion about the gem shower and the crowning.  From the context, I deciphered that after the Hosting dinner is over the men and women separate.  No one mentioned what the men do, but women give the bride a jewelry shower.
Although the Rhineharts’ are not positioned to be Kings and Queens, they are still considered royals.  This means Scarlett will be given a uniquely designed crown.  She gets to see it at the shower, but it won’t be presented to her until the wedding reception.
I knew Scarlett would be thrilled when she finds out about the gifts she will receive at her royal shower.  Now, I just hope we all get far enough to see her crown placed on her head.

Chapter Fifteen

Scarlett chose Sunday night, two weeks after the Warming for her wedding.  This gives my family less than three weeks to pull everything together.
Before I can think about the upcoming wedding, I have to get through this week.  My responsibilities will be yanking me in a few hundred directions.
The first drama/musical performance dates are always arranged around the semester’s only Thursday night football game.  This annual, weeklong commotion is labelled spirit and alumni week.
Virtually all of the university’s biggest donors will be in town for the next seven days.  The chancellor begins spirit week by hosting an elaborate wine and cheese mixer in the school’s atrium, exclusively for them to mingle.  That happens tonight.  The rest of the week is filled with events designed to impress the wealthy, in hopes they will write a check to fund one of the college programs.
I didn’t have a scheduling conflict when I entered my squad in this week’s competition.  Normally, I can rearrange my plans, get ahead in my classes or delay a due date or three to make these seven hectic days work, comfortably.
This spirit week might prove to be more than I can handle.  No amount of rearranging can get me out of anything.  My family can’t channel a solution for me either.  They are tied up getting ready for parties, the wedding and vacations.
The big rival football game can’t disappear from the schedule on Thursday.  There are numerous variables to consider and no way, short of the Creator taking action, to not have it.
The musical can’t vanish from the events’ list either.  One musical opening scheduled for Tuesday night is exclusively presented for the potential donors.  The second opening on Friday night is for the general public.  We also have an encore performance on Saturday night because the theater can only hold so many.  Friday’s opening night has been sold out since the first week of school.
My cheerleading competition actually starts on Tuesday and goes through Wednesday.  I can’t be in two places at one time, so I chose the last slot on Wednesday.  Regionals are being held three hours away.  My squad gave up most of their summer to work on two new routines.  We have to step up our stunts and delivery if we want to win nationals, again.  The other cheerleading squads have scrutinized our first place routine from last season and will be prepared to beat us on that level.  So, we have to get inventive and work harder if we want to make it to nationals, much less remain contenders.
I had a grueling and intense four hour, cheerleading practice during the early afternoon.  Then, I showered in the locker room and rushed across campus with Jarron.  He would chaperone me during my dress rehearsal.  I accidentally ripped the seam of my costume before I made it to the stage.  So, I would have to rehearse without it.
My gypsy fashion is already eye-catching.  But, I stuck out like a sore thumb practicing in my street gear while everyone else was wearing stage clothes.
I had ordered a stack of pizzas for pick-up.  Jarron had to make three trips to the car to get them all.  Although I couldn’t be sure, I think the young guy behind the counter was purposefully procrastinating.  He didn’t offer to help Jarron because he claimed his cash register was messing up.  However, he made no attempt to fix it while he was flirting with me.
My time is limited.  Jarron could sense how aggravated I was getting.  So, he did his duty by escorting me to the car while he took care of the bill.  Miraculously, the cash register resumed functioning and we headed back to campus.  We carried pizza and soft drinks into the most secluded classroom in the gym.
The squad had been preparing jerseys’ and signs for Thursday’s big game while Jarron and I were at my rehearsal.  They were almost finished by the time I got started on mine.
Before I dismissed them, I did something unexpected.  I called off tomorrow’s practice.  They seemed concerned by my outlandish decision.
“We’re taking the final timeslot on Wednesday.  So, that means we can pound out a same day practice…” I said and they cheered.
After I perfected my jersey, I locked everything in a cabinet, behind a gated fence and double bolted the door.
Slammed on Tuesday, I didn’t have any available time to think.  But, I did happen to notice Audrey’s cousin, driving around campus.  I tried to phone her several times, but my calls went straight to voicemail.
Worried about her disappearance, I left class early to swing by her new house.  She wasn’t there.  Her roommate pointed down the hall and shrugged when I asked to leave a note for her in her bedroom.  He wasn’t even friendly to Jarron and that’s highly unusual.
The few boxes Audrey had brought with her are still sealed with tape.  There are no sheets on the bed and it looks like her clothes were still packed away, too.
“When was the last time you saw Audrey?” I questioned her roommate when I came back out.
“Who?” he asked.
“Audrey…you know, the girl that rents that room,” I replied.
“I’ve never met her…Baynard, have you seen the new girl?” he yelled down the hallway.
“I’m not her parent, dude!”
“We don’t really hang out together.  But, you left her that note.  She’ll call you…” he offered before he walked out of the room, leaving us standing alone.
My thoughts kept drifting to Audrey.  It looked like she was using her room for storage instead of living in it.  So, I broke a land-speed record to swing by the Java Den before going to the theater.
Price told me Audrey quit after that rocking party on the D.C. Strip.  She didn’t even work a notice.  I was stunned, but I didn’t have a spare second to find out from him why she might do something that ludicrous.
Anxious that maybe her cousin had kidnapped her and forced her to go home I paced in my dressing room.  The curtain goes up in fifteen minutes, but I can’t shake my uneasiness.
“Jarron, I need you to meet me at my sorority at 5:00…” I whispered to him.
He looked at me like I just lost my mind.
“Five, in the morning??” he responded.
“Yes!  I’m gonna try to track down Audrey…”
“You got it.  I’m sure she’s fine.  Let’s try to say the same thing about you…there’s that trivial matter of a packed audience waiting to be serenaded by you,” he softly, reminded me with a wink.
The show amazingly, went off without a hitch.
The vice chancellor requested that the entire cast come to a post-show reception and rub elbows with the contributors.  Fearing it would turn into a frat party, he told us we are not allowed to bring dates.
Professor Marcus accepted for all of us without bothering to obtain our input.  My family responsibilities come first, always.  I can’t go to any party without being accompanied because I am being watched by my extended family on Momma-C’s side.
“Unless Jarron can escort me, I’ll have to decline…” I whispered to my drama teacher after I pulled him aside.
“What?? You can’t decline!  You’re the star…they’ll be expecting you,” he informed me.
“I don’t mind going, hob-knobbing and talking us up to get contributions.  I know the dramatics program could use the funds.  But, without Jarron attached to my arm during the event, you’ll have to count me out.  He’s not my boyfriend.  So, technically he’s not my date.  He goes where I go…sorry…”
My drama teacher was stuck in the middle.  He debated with me for a while longer.  I didn’t provide him with a reason Jarron had to be there, but he finally understood it was a lost cause.  He reluctantly agreed to let him go with me.
But, Professor Marcus stuck to me like a prison warden.  He was defying the vice chancellor’s explicit instructions by granting me an exception.  It made him severely nervous…he must not be a rebel.
Grabbing the bull by the horns, I made my way over to the vice chancellor and his wife.  I introduced Jarron as my formal escort and dramatic assistant.  Then, I thanked them for allowing me to bring him.  Before he or his wife could respond, I excused us to mingle with our guests.
Jarron was struggling to contain his laughter.  He knew I had just manipulated the system.  But, I cannot afford to have one of the Reigns’ clan crash this party and abduct me.  Plus, Professor Marcus doesn’t plan on leaving my side.  It almost appears as though we are on a date.  Short of rudely commanding him to leave me alone, I knew I would be stuck with his company for the evening.
Flanked by two males did not make mingling an easy task.  But, I still managed to wrangle some funding for the drama department.  Making my way around the room, I bumped into Senator Harring and his wife, Maggie.
Lyle was standing with his parents.  He had his arm around a tall, ultra-thin black headed, brown eyed beauty that could have popped off the cover of Vogue.  He’s moved on, already – oh yes!  My heart lifted as I suppressed the desire to perform a happy dance.
I made another mental note to corner the football coaches, soon and tell them Stick is safe from offing himself over losing me.  Then, I plan to ask them for their advice on how to keep the next football player, if I can actually land another one.  I stifled the resulting giggle from my impish plan.
“Senator, it is such a pleasure to see you again.  And, Mrs. Harring you look as stunning as ever…” I commented.
He hugged me like I was his long lost cousin and his wife coldly shook my hand.  It was a strange twist on social protocols.  But then again, he is a back-stabbing, baby-kissing politician and she is the stoic pillar of supremacy behind the man.
The campus newspaper snapped photos as I made the necessary introductions.  Professor Marcus was slightly flustered and Jarron wordlessly shook their hands.
I stopped when I reached Lyle.  Waiting for him to introduce his date, I shifted my weight.  He gave me a one-armed, bro-type hug and complimented my performance.  But, that introduction never took place.  His lady friend turned a bright shade of red, not knowing what to do.  Several awkward minutes ticked by while she searched the interesting ceiling, being excluded from our conversation.
“I apologize for my inattention…you are?” I asked, finally acknowledging the pink elephant.
“Hi, I’m Paris Langley…I’m here with Lyle,” she said, offering her hand to shake.
Lyle still refused to pick up the social ball and run with it.  He never removed his arm from around her, but he never stopped semi-glaring at me.  This scene continued on its bizarre trajectory, so I finally offered an excuse to leave.
The senator would stop me by “asking” me to dance.  His version of an invite was to grab me by the arm, lead me away from everyone else and then say, “…let’s cut a rug, little lady”.  Although I had no desire to dance with him, he insisted.
So, we would spend less than one song together while he talked politics and football.  I nervously sweated and politely responded.  Gypsy girls do not leave their escorts behind to dance with any non-related man.  I kept taking the lead and moving us away from the windows.
The senator, unaware, kept on dancing as I repeatedly repositioned him.  He said he wanted to introduce me to some people on Thursday because they need gee-zee impressin’ – whatever that means.  Feeling no pain from the high-dollar wine and champagne, he was slurring his words and lewdly feeling my lower back.  The song ended, but he wasn’t ready to let me go.
“Mind being a darling and getting me a glass of anything??” I asked him, sweetly.
He motioned for a waiter.  By the time he turned back to chat with me I was in the wind.
It was a major challenge to avoid him and still, work the party.  But, I did it.
I also spied Lyle and Paris feverishly making out on the balcony.  It appears my relationship issue has resolved itself with no extra effort from me.  I couldn’t help myself, anymore.  I used my newly discovered “senator tactic”, grabbed Jarron and made him dance with me.
I didn’t have any other way to express my happiness.  So, I indulged in a giddy wiggle-fest on the dance floor and said a prayer of thanks to my Maker.  My playboy-ex is finally a part of my history – thanks to gorgeous Paris Langley.

Chapter Sixteen

Audrey left me a voicemail last night, while I was at the vice chancellor’s reception.  Unfortunately, there was so much static I couldn’t understand it.  She sounded strange and far away with the few words I could catch.
My lights out curfew had been narrowly met.  My body might have been in bed, but my mind refused to stop worrying.
Jarron kept yawning on the ride to the diner, reminding me that neither one of us had gotten enough rest.  He smiled after I apologized to him for the fourth time.
Looking around the nearly deserted diner, Audrey was nowhere to be seen.  However, Jules was working.  She embraced me and I introduced her to Jarron.
“It’s good to meet ya’.  So Krista, have you seen our girl, lately?” Jules questioned me before I could ask her the same thing.
“She’s not been in here either?  That’s the reason we stopped by…” I responded, disappointed.
“I’m sure there’s nothing much to worry about.  She came in with that jerk she dates…what’s his name?”
“Dante…”
“Yeah…Dante.  He brought the rest of his band and horde of rowdy groupies.  They practically tore the place down, celebrating.  They get a paying job and that’s call for them to wreck someone else’s place of business.  This big career move must hold back two weeks’ pay because not a one of them left a dime for a tip.
“Audrey was more quiet than usual.  I assume she was embarrassed about their behavior.  I haven’t seen her since Sunday morning…” Jules told us.
“I’ve been trying to get up with her.  But, I haven’t had much luck.  She left me a voicemail that I couldn’t understand last night…” I stated, still feeling unsure.
Jarron and I were too exhausted to be hungry.  Still, I ordered us some take-out.  I left Jules a $200 tip and bolted before she could protest my action.
The food went directly into the fridge.  Jarron headed home and I napped until it was time to go to practice.
Even though I typically ride with the rest of the squad, I have to keep up appearances.  So, I made up excuses for why I needed to take my own car and for asking Jarron to drive me. I caught a glimpse of a slick black SUV with tinted windows, following us on the highway.
The competition was packed with squads and spectators.  We got more nasty looks than I remember from our last competition.  It turns out that everyone thought we intentionally chose to go last so no one could see our routine and copy it.  That was an absurd assumption, because no squad ever waits for competition day to learn a dangerous, new move.  But, that was the rumor of the day and we were being visibly penalized for our egregious choice. 
Of course, if we got rattled by looks filled with daggers, then we would never compete.  Cheerleaders are notorious for their overconfident attitudes.  Their hateful glares only make us want to beat them more.  Dismissing everyone around us, we stretched and prepared to perform.  Jarron and I even performed our warm-up ritual with plenty of time to spare.
I looked over the crowd, but I didn’t see anyone that might pass for a gypsy.  However, the SUV that had been following us was parked in the lot near our bus.  I had to assume that someone from the Reigns’ family would be here watching.
My tight outfit was regulation and I can’t wear any of my jewelry.  But, I wanted to make whoever might be watching aware that I remember who I am, even in this non-gypsy environment.  So, I asked Piper to freehand me a glittery tattoo down both arms.  The competition rules require us to dress in standard uniforms, but cheerleaders can have temporary tattoos affixed as long as they display our school’s colors.
When our turn arrived, my arms boldly displayed the words ‘gypsy pride’.  The competition is being taped and will be televised next month.  So, the world will know I’m a gypsy girl, then.  But for now, the spectators could see it plainly.
The crowd gasped at the many stunts we pulled.  The most dangerous ones I performed alone.  That way it was only me risking a permanent injury.  We received a standing ovation that included the judges.  All those additional hours of practice paid off.  We were awarded first place.  So, the squad dumped ice water over my head, conforming to our tradition.
When I get irritated with them during practice, I yell… “better, icy-cool it, if you know what’s good for you.”  I say it so frequently that they decided to cool me off after our first win to show their appreciation to their bossy, militant leader.  It took my breath away then, and every time since that initial glacial baptism.  I have begged them to pour Gatorade Ice over me, instead of the real McCoy.  But, the tradition has been established and I’m helpless to undo it.
Normally, I peel off my soaked uniform and wear comfy sweats on the ride home.  This time I was stuck restyling my hair and reapplying make-up.  The bus had long since departed for home by the time I emerged from the locker room.  The parking lot was nearly deserted and the SUV was no longer in sight.  I still asked Jarron to drive us back, in case they were watching from a distance.
On the way home, Audrey finally called me.
“Hi…only got a sec.  I hear you’ve been looking for me…” she said.
Her words were friendly enough, but her tone had a slight edge of aggravation.
“I’ve been worried…”
“Well, don’t be.  Dante’s needed me to help him with stuff.  That’s all.  I thought I told you that we were on hold until this happened.”
“You did…”
“So, we’ve got things, ya’ know.  Didn’t mean to be bad by not calling…”
I couldn’t quite put my finger on why she sounded off, but there was something in the way she was talking.
“Oh, I’m not accusing you of anything…”
“No problem.  I hate to cut you short.  But, I’ve gotta go.  Thanks again for everything.  See ya’ around…” Audrey said and hung up before I could say anything else.
“Well, that was weird…” I told Jarron.
“Weird, how??”
“I’ll let you know when I figure it out…”
I was no closer to an answer when we parked in front of my sorority.
Karin was waiting on Jarron and looking at her naked ring finger.  And, that’s when it struck me.
Audrey said as soon as Dante’s career took off they would be getting married, immediately.  Ahhh, the mystery is solved.
Although I invited my spotter and his girlfriend to come inside, they nicely declined.  It was evident they needed some couple-time.  So, I hugged her and thanked him for staying on the clock for so long.
He sighed in relief when I assured him I would be in for the evening.  I was looking forward to a long, hot shower and falling in bed.  But, my plans would get tossed to the back-burner.
My sorority sisters had decorated the downstairs and planned a celebration in anticipation of my win.  It wouldn’t have mattered if my squad took last place because even a flimsy excuse can be used to throw a party.  I should have realized what they were up to.  We haven’t had a big throw-it-down event since rush week concluded.  In my defense though, my plate has disappeared under the overflow.
Frat brothers, other sorority sisters and complete strangers were wall-to-wall.  I barely made it to my locked bedroom.  I changed into flats and fought the intense need to start bawling.  If I give in to the temptation, Ember will feel it and fall apart too.  I sent her a text and she responded instantly.  She was prepared to text her worries, but I told her we won before she could hit send on her next message.  It distracted her long enough for me to get my thoughts back in order.  Reading her happy and frenzied messages made me feel better.
Another night of social commotion is precisely what I don’t need.  But, I was raised to never be the cold, wet substance that ruins a parade.  Determined to make the best of it, I said goodnight to my sister via texting, locked my bedroom door behind me and headed into the chaos.
The music was blaring and the party was in full-swing.  After the fifth accidental grope, I was nearing the end of my patience.  That’s when I saw an unfamiliar face, sitting semi-alone on the sofa.
“Hi, I don’t think we’ve met...” I said with a smile as I sat down beside him.
“I’m Freddie Orion…guest of Coach Nullis.  And, see that tall guy over there?  That’s my sitter – the one that’s “not” drinkin’ booze in that classy plastic cup and occasionally, looking at me, all nervous like.  Still can’t believe I flew halfway across the continent to get mothered by some half-wasted, not-so-subtle cleavage investigator.  Dude’s barely three years older than me!  I’m callin’ him Jockstrap #18 because he’s a real tool…” he offered me, comically and lifted a Pepsi-toast to his inattentive sitter.
“Krista Stewart…sorry, no reference number to give ya’…” I responded.
Freddie Orion is the hotshot draft pick we’re going all out to impress at tomorrow night’s game.  He is an average-looking kid with black hair, brown eyes and a South-Western accent.
None of the football players are allowed to drink or party the night before a game.  So, Jockstrap #18 would be in plenty of trouble if the Coach caught him with that beer in his hand.  But, he would be dead meat for sure, if Nullis found out he wasn’t sufficiently hawking his under-aged guest.  The head coach picked the wrong babysitter.  Jockstrap #18 lost all interest in his parental duties when an impromptu wet t-shirt contest started.
The other young, first-round picks Nullis had wooed over the years would have abandoned this couch and bolted to watch the peep show.  Although Freddie’s eyes did occasionally stray in that direction, he seemed content to sit and talk to me.
He was a mild-mannered, humorous and likeable boy.  His quiet way reminded me of Zander.  And, my heart felt heavy again.
“I love and miss you my little boo-bear xoxo…” is the quick text I sent to my nephew.
“Same but double my m.i.a. Little KK.  Gonna c/ya soon & remedy that prob!  Love you with my whole heart, your LBB…” he replied. 
Freddie and I spent the next forty five minutes saying “huh?” and “what?” frequently, while simultaneously shoving unwelcomed, drunken guests away from our bodies.  All I managed to discover was that his family had moved to Nebraska, last year, from Texas.  He misses the cattle ranch he grew up on.  And, that he had never played any sport until his senior year.
Typically, I would have invited Freddie to take a walk or a drive.  That way we could be conversing in peace.  But, I didn’t have a visible chaperone anymore.  So, I couldn’t even risk sitting on the porch with him.
Jockstrap #18 was still conducting his investigation when I offered Freddie another soda.  Hoping I might be able to find a quiet corner in the kitchen, I motioned for him to follow me.  I started pushing my way through the crowd.
Motivated to make it to the fridge without losing Freddie, I reached behind me and held his forearm.  Leading us through the masses, I was careful to steer clear of the windows.  Keenly aware of my surroundings, I scanned the room for any gypsy.
Jockstrap #18 paid his cursory glance toward the couch to check on Freddie and I did see him do it.  But, I was so engrossed in not getting busted, myself that my mind didn’t register his inevitable panic.  It also didn’t occur to me that Jockstrap #18 would feel the full force of Coach Nullis’ terrible wrath, if he discovered his player had failed to follow his instructions to the letter.
Three other football players in the kitchen stopped what they were doing when they saw me with Freddie in-tow.  They said something, but I didn’t pay attention.  I was on a covert mission to get us a refill, find us a quiet spot to continue our chat without getting discovered by someone in Momma-C’s family.  Too focused on my objective and worried about gypsy interference, I missed a few important details.
1.  Jockstrap #18 was plowing his way through the crowd to reclaim his responsibility.  He was drunk and ready to give me a piece of his mind for dragging Freddie away without permission.
2.  The three other players were miffed at me, too.  They realized what happened and planned to capture their teammate-hopeful for their comrade – effectively, performing a save for their buddy from Coach’s retribution.
3.  I had a lockdown on Freddie’s arm.  So, even if he wanted to join his future-teammates he would have to wiggle free from me.
4.  The team had mostly been rallying around Stick and had banished me to the deep freeze, as a result.  In retrospect, they likely thought I was trying to escape with Freddie to get back at them.
5.  Intoxicated jocks, when feeling socially slighted and surrounded by their friends, will do something stupid to impress the others.
I let go of Freddie’s forearm because we made it to the fridge.  Bending over to get two cans of soda from the bottom shelf, I saw two feet standing on either side of my body.  The hairs on the back of my neck responded with a warning.  Whoever owns those shoes is standing too close for comfort.
I released the cans, slammed the door closed and turned to face the interloper.  Jockstrap #18 had obviously been engaged in performing an obscene gesture behind me.  I caught him off guard when I spun around.  But, he quickly recovered and did what he set out to do.  He copped a real feel of my left breast.  Then, several things happened, all at once.
Jockstrap #18 said, “…oh yeah, baby!  That’s what I’m talkin’ about…”
The three players, who had supplied him with that artificial courage, shared a collective high-five.
The nearby crowd fell silent in shocked anticipation.
Freddie called him a “Tool Bag…” and his words echoed in the sudden stillness.
And I reacted like a threatened rattlesnake.
My impromptu molester found himself engaged in an involuntary game of Mercy with me.  His knees hit the ground in surrender before he started yelling.
“Owww, I give! Stop it!!! I give!!  It was just a joke, Miss Frigid!!” he exclaimed and I released him.
Watching a petite girl take down a massive football player was entertaining to the crowd.  They clapped and cheered like we had just delivered an award-winning performance.  Even the other jocks were joining in, laughing at the spectacle.
Freddie’s now liberated and humiliated babysitter was rubbing his nearly broken wrist and smarting from wounded male pride.  I leaned down to make sure he would hear my comment.
“Tit-for-tat, Jockstrap, consider us even…” I told him.
I swiped two unopened cans of soda from a couple of spectators, grabbed Freddie by the hand this time and took off.
“Okay, that was hilarious…” he revealed through peals of laughter.
We headed into my bedroom because, as far as I’m concerned, the party is over.  Before I flipped on the light though, I remembered something terrible.  Momma-C’s family will realize that it is a male silhouette they are looking at in my window.  Freddie is tall and lanky – there’s nothing feminine about him.
So, I turned on the television to provide us with a dim light and commanded him to sit down at my computer.  He complied, instantly and provided me with a confused expression.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to bark that order.  Oh, and I can’t turn on the light either.  My sisters’ will be pounding on the door if they think I’m in here and awake.  I’ve had enough of the public for one evening…” I revealed.
He spent a few awkward minutes, fidgeting and stammering as he attempted to figure out what he was supposed to do next.  It was very forward of me to bring him into my bedroom, but I was out of options.  I wanted to get to know him better and this was the only place we could talk in private.
Putting him at ease, I made it clear that I only brought him up to my room to chat and that I limit myself to only one game of Mercy, daily.

Chapter Seventeen

News travels faster than a bolt of lightning on campus.
No one from my squad had actually attended my sorority’s party last night.  But, they knew all the details of my Jockstrap #18 take down, anyway.  It took me more time than usual to get them settled and dressed, because of it.
The classroom windows we were getting ready in had been covered with black garbage bags.  We didn’t want to risk ruining the big reveal.  All of my Cheer Babies and a few key people from the boosters’ club we needed to help us prepare were jammed into one small space.  Jarron and I had to perform our warm-up ritual in a cramped corner.
The walls of the classroom were closing in on me.  Feeling claustrophobic, I climbed up on top of a table, sat Indian-style, closed my eyes and mentally distracted myself.
Freddie and I sat up until after 4:00 in the morning talking.  I couldn’t seem to hold myself to my curfew.  I was thoroughly enjoying our conversation because he reminded me so much of Zander.  It’s been months since I have seen my nephews and niece, my brother, Reid and my sisters.  I miss my family so much it physically hurts my heart.
Near tears from the building emotional storm, I once again diverted myself and considered my conversation with Freddie.  I didn’t give him a single hint about the stunt we are pulling off tonight.  He will have a front row seat because he will be sitting on the sidelines.  I wanted him to be surprised, like all the other players.  Just like Zander, he hated being in the spotlight.  But, he got shoved into it and like it or not, he’s stuck with what he’s stuck with.
Freddie’s mom got married for the first time in April of last year.  She was never married to his father.  He spent his whole life in the wide-open fields of Texas.  He had lifelong friends and a long-term girlfriend, too.  He had never even left the state to go on vacation.  So, when his new stepdad announced that he was getting transferred, Freddie was forced to make a choice.  He could stay in Texas and live with his dad.  Or, he could move with them.
His stepdad is a nice guy.  And, Freddie is very close to his mom.  So, he said goodbye to all he knew and went to Nebraska.  But starting a new school so close to the end of the year proved difficult.  He spent most of last summer, alone because he didn’t have any neighbors his age or school friends to hang with.
The only reason he tried out for football was because practice started mid-summer.  His stepdad and mom encouraged him to make the effort.  He didn’t expect to make the team, but he figured hanging out with guys his age, even for a few days, would be better than sitting home, alone playing his X-box.  His incredible, natural talent led the coach to bump the popular first-string quarterback, Justin, to second-string and give an inexperienced and unknown Freddie the slot.
The team had mixed reactions because they had never played during a winning season.  Suddenly, they had a real shot at victory.  But, their loyalty was still divided.  They knew with Freddie’s amazing talents, they could go all the way.  This was evident by the first game of this season.
The referee ended up calling the match at halftime.  Freddie had thrown so many touchdowns that their rivals couldn’t catch up.  However, Justin, who is still the team’s captain, had been reduced to playing second-string.  He was calling the shots from the sidelines.  I can only imagine how hard that pill was to swallow for an eighteen-year-old guy.  Freddie felt bad for him too, but he really enjoys playing football.  So, he couldn’t bring himself to quit, in order to make Justin feel better.
Although Freddie claims his high school teammates are friendly towards him, they have never fully accepted him into their inner-circle.  The other guys at school shy away from him, too.  He still doesn’t have a single, close male friend or any understanding why the non-athletes treat him like he’s a leper.
I know non-jocks are intimidated by guys on sport’s teams because they can easily end up as targets of their childish harassment.  The regular boys don’t realize Freddie is just an extremely talented kid playing a game called football.  He isn’t “one of them”.
I almost revealed that fact to Freddie but what good would knowing their reason do him?  It’s not like he can waltz into his school and announce he’s not a real team player.  So, the option of him having close male comrades – on the team or off – is virtually non-existent.
Freddie does, however, get plenty of female attention; too much, in fact.  From what I could gather, he still keeps in touch with his girlfriend in Texas and has promised not to cheat on her.  But, females throw themselves at him and resisting their very overt advances is a huge challenge – especially at his age.
That girl-frenzy he’s experiencing will not change anytime in his near future.  In fact, if any of my sorority sisters knew the first thing about football, and that Freddie has an almost surefire lock on impending NFL stardom, they would be throwing more than their unmentionables his way.
I actually feel sorry for the guy.  Nothing in his sheltered life had prepared him for what’s in store.  He seems to have two sets of loving parents.  But, none of them tagged along on any of his college outings.  They erroneously believe that the coaches monitor him.  This is the fifth university he has visited.  From what he tells me, our sorority party is mild in comparison to some of the others he’s been to.  He also hinted that his record of fidelity might have been derailed, twice.
Praying that he is using protection, I was not comfortable talking to him about sexual relationships – especially sitting in my bedroom.  However, my g-mom and Grandma Edie could provide him with some much needed schooling in life-lessons…
I was considering how I could arrange that meeting when the coaching assistant barged into the middle of our covert operation.  Zack always provides me with an update, but he typically finds me long before kick-off.
Spirit week is a killer for Zack.  He looked like he hadn’t gotten any sleep for a month.  We are both sporting identical eye baggage.  At least mine is covered up under layers of cosmetics and face paint.
Zack reeks of stale coffee and cigarettes.  He was in such a hurry that he didn’t even look up.  Focused on his playbook, he ran into Arley and apologized without skipping a beat.
The coaches will never let him live it down, if we rush the field and he keels over in shock.  We are completely dressed, but Zack is wrapped up in his own chaotic world.  I stifled a giggle.
My squad finds his state of oblivion hilarious.  The entire time he spent updating me they were making fun of him.  I had to fall back on my acting skills to not burst into laughter.  Jarron was doing a perfect imitation of Coach Nullis’ infamous rigid-stance-and-stare down, while Billy was mirroring Zack’s every movement with a pretend clipboard.
“Listen quick…Coach W. wanted me to double check that you’ve got your ducks in order.  Crowd hype?  All pep-n-smiles?  No mistakes?  No taking breaks?  Tough it out and play through the pain if someone gets hurt…well, do your best with that one.  G’s got all of your music cued, right?  And, some video you’ve got…you’re sure G’s ready on that, too?” he asked.
I wordlessly nodded my affirmations while Zack checked off the boxes on his preparedness sheet.
“Coach N. also said something about you promising a big stunt or a prank.  When’s that gonna happen?” he inquired, looking me straight in the eye.
Everyone in the room snickered and Jarron doubled over.  I was truly worried that he might rupture something, trying to hold in his laughter.
“Probably at the beginning…” I replied, losing my battle and snickering with the others.
“Check that…” Zack remarked and continued on, still unaware.
“Will you agree to have the players carry out, at least a couple of your Cheer-girl Babies on their shoulders?”
“Take a guess…” I responded, succinctly.
“I already checked it as “no go”, but I’ve gotta ask if it’s on the list.  Wait, that’s my phone.  Gimme a minute,” he stated and answered his ringing cell.
Coach Nullis makes Zack ask me that same question before every game.  The football players are strong enough, but their safety gear is unstable.  When we first started dating, Lyle carelessly attempted to toss me over his shoulder after his first win.  Fortunately, Jarron was close enough to break my fall.  My spotter is strong and muscular, but he wasn’t prepared for my spill.  My nose was less than a half inch away from the earth by the time Jarron stopped my rapid descent.
Lyle sprained his elbow trying to catch me.
Jarron twisted his knee from turning too abruptly.
And, I got an ugly, painful bruise on my hip.
Coach Nullis and Coach Wibley had a massive meltdown because Lyle could have ruined his career showboating for some “short skirt”.  They never once asked if Jarron or I had sustained an injury.  Their lack of concern wasn’t surprising, though.  The coaches and the players don’t consider cheerleading, a sport and don’t believe we are athletes.  They think of us more as their support staff.
That is ironic because we practice more often and much longer than they do.  In addition to practicing, we also lift weights, swim and run.  Plus, we perform dangerous aerial stunts wearing no protective gear, whatsoever. 
All of my male Cheer Babies and most of my females’ are highly skilled and trained gymnasts.  Although no one is aware of it, my family set up full-ride, minority scholarships to attract the nation’s best male cheerleaders’ to my university.  My g-mom even hired four scouts to headhunt rising high school talent.  But gymnast or not, I consider everyone on my squad as a serious athlete.
I was used to hearing the head coach’s request and I normally, have some snarky comeback for Zack to deliver.  It was everything I could do to maintain without falling off the table.  So, I offered that directed comment and promptly, shut up.
“Sorry ‘bout that.  Rival game, too many big-wigs wanting a ton of high dollar crap, personally delivered to their seats, courtesy of yours truly.  You get the drill, right?” Zack inquired, but continued before I could respond.  “Coach N. says you might balk at this suggestion, but I’ve gotta talk you into it.  He wants your squad to perform your winning routine, along with whatever else you’ve got to wow the crowd, during half-time,” he told me.
“No mats…we’re not dressed for it,” I managed to say.
“I’ll take care of having the mats set-up, anywhere you want.  I’ll even stall the crowd with a personal striptease so everyone in here can change during the game.  You’ve gotta agree and make it happen.  I’d really appreciate it, Krista!  Coach N. is demanding that I put on the showstopper of football showstoppers’ – as if, I can somehow make our players win.  I’ll let you all know when I start walkin’ on water.
“Even if I had some way to orchestrate a ‘W’ for our boys, my calendar’s too jammed-up to make it happen.  I’m chain smokin’ and making calls while I’m completin’ my A.M. run.  Basically, I’m hardly breathing and food’s a memory.  Between tryin’ to find some fancy imported chocolates for Miss Diva Snagglepuss in seating box 7 and some rare wine from Napa Valley for Mr. Bigger Diva Personality in seating box 9, I’m ready to toss in my whistle.
“So, I’ll owe you big, if you can make that regional routine happen during half-time, Head Missy?”
Normally, I would sarcastically remind Zack that this C.B.C.’s name isn’t “Head” or “Missy”.  But, the best I could do tonight was nod, once and wipe the tears of unspent comedy from my eyes.  I thought my lungs might just explode as I wrestled to contain my giggles. Zack is still trapped in overloaded football world and hasn’t noticed a single one of us.
 “I’ll mark that as ‘ready’, but an audible answer would make me feel better…”
“Do…our best…” I squeaked, visibly convulsing.
“That’s my C.B.C. Girl!  Now, in the stands tonight, let’s see…” he stated and flipped through the pages on his clipboard.  “Ah yes, long list, here goes.  The VIP’s include Freddie Orion, next season’s all-star QB…well, hopefully.  He’s sitting sidelines.  Two…no, make that, three NFL scouts, typical head-hunting activities – runnin’ around the sidelines too.  Stick’s dad’s here, plus his wife and congressman buddy – on the fifty.  I’ve got almost a full page of lucrative contributors that we need to keep schmoozing for more dollars for the athletic programs.  The chancellor and the vice chancellor, plus families…a couple of celebrities – no names mentioned.  One professional baseball player…his say’s “plus one, but not his wife”.  That entry has an exclamation point.  So, if anyone meets Mr. Homerun Record don’t mention anything about the woman who’s hangin’ on his arm.  She might be his mistress.  I’ve only got his initials.  Oh well…
“Cameras will be live, as usual.  I think that’s all.  You got anything for me to relay??”
Once again, he looked right through me, totally missing the world’s largest picture.
“Just inform them…the boosters’ club will be welcoming the team when they rush the tunnel.  We’ll be makin’ our entrance after both teams are announced.  Oh, and coaches and players should keep their eyes peeled…for items of interest…” I stammered out between snickers.

Chapter Eighteen

My squad had spent hours preparing our “exchanged” jerseys.  They had small, LED lights affixed, that formed a circle and slash mark through the player’s numbers.  The fronts’ also had strings of LED lights that spelled out and proudly displayed the words, “We Got UR MOJO”.
Gunnar, or G. as Zack likes to call him, is in charge of the stadium lights, jumbo-tron and music.  He had set-up a black-lighting system on our side of the field earlier in the day.  The players would have no clue why it is there until we hit the field.  I was forced to let Gunnar in on our prank, so he would know what we required and what music needed to be cued.
Our exposed arms, legs and faces were painted with body art in fluorescent colors that would glow under the black lights.  Everyone got to choose what theirs’ would display.  Although my legs and face paint had messages for the rival team and specifically for Wally, my arms were reserved for my family.  The message on them read “Gypsy Girl” and “Gypsy Pride”.
We remained hidden in the back part of the tunnel while the announcer called out the players from both teams.  The boosters’ welcomed our fellows on to the field.  The crowd was equally divided between cheers and boos.
The only way left to get a ticket to this game was through a scalper.  So, the stands are packed to the top.  My squad was waiting on Gunnar to cue the music, preparing for the big reveal.
“Remember, before we perform our winning routine at half-time take off your jersey.  They’re going into the pile for the boosters to sell at auction during tomorrow night’s donor appreciation party.  You can keep the other stuff you swapped.  Well, except you, Z.Z., I want you to return your tight-end’s credit card through Zack.
“I’m proud of everyone here because no one said a word.  This is going to be the most legendary prank in university history…” I declared and they agreed.
LVU is unaware that they are walking into this game already owned by us.  The jumbo-tron will play clips of our rival team surrendering to the cheerleaders.  The clips also make comments and suggestions about their ultimate defeat.  Why else would they “give it up” to their rival teams’ cheerleaders?
Everyone knew this prank would get a huge reaction and we’d receive a certain amount of backlash.  But, I don’t think any of us were prepared for what actually happened.
Gunnar cued the music.  Jarron hoisted me up on his shoulders.  And, we emerged from the tunnel ready to demonstrate our “takedown”.
A hush fell over the crowd as they tried to figure out whose side we were cheering for.  Our outward appearance, along with the body art the spectators could currently see, made it seem as though we had committed mutiny.
We had purposefully worked to create an atmosphere of confusion.  We needed enough time to get into our positions in front of the black lights.  That part of our plan worked, flawlessly.
The switch in lighting shifted the focus from our visible ink to our fluorescent paint and the covert messages underneath.  Every girl switched on their LED lit shirts and a re-mix of the “Wop” started playing.  The jumbo-tron’s spectacular display flashed the words:  LVU already gave it up to State’s championship cheerleading team!  You’ve got nothing to bring!”  Even the spectators who were too high up in the stands to see us got the gist of what was happening.
My spotters lifted their girls over their heads.  We stood frozen in formation in their palms waiting for the two second break in the music.  We shouted, “State…go!”  The music resumed and the guys launched us skyward, simultaneously.  Performing one aerial summersault, the camera man somehow found the perfect place to capture the moment.  The lights from our jerseys’ and the glowing, multi-colored body art made us look like a dozen tumbling rainbows.
The video and the still pictures were incredible.  But, that was the long and short of our overhead stunts.  The multiple strings of LED lights, sewn into the shirts, were not designed to be roughly handled.  Their awkward placement made it challenging for the spotters to catch us without damaging the wires.  So, I had prepared my squad for the likely contingencies of being injured or their lights shorting out during our landing.
Jarron managed to safely catch me with my jersey still illuminated.  However, the price would be a rectangular-shaped bruise where the battery pack crushed into my side.  Ignoring the radiating pain, I smiled and continued performing.
Our players and fans went wild.  Their voices were drowning out the music.
We had already planned for this contingency, too.  The routine I selected was basic and we counted out the steps in our heads.
Facing our side we had no intention of turning around to look at the former owners of our jerseys until the final chorus.  But, unbeknownst to me and my squad, LVU’s entire coaching staff was headed straight into enemy territory.  They were being led into war by their head coach.  Wally and a few of the other players were tagging along too, violating the rules in the process.
The referees blew whistles, but none of us could hear it.
Security ran to the field in an effort to stop them, but we didn’t see them rushing that way either.
The crowd got louder.  We assumed they were getting swept up in the moment.  This was their expected reaction.  And, we are trained to concentrate on our routines no matter what’s happening around us, anyway.
Coach Wibley, along with Lyle and several others, went rushing out on to the field when they saw security struggling.  They met our rivals in the middle.  The guys were shoving, yelling and fighting.
Footage would later reveal that Wally pulled his head coach back and helped him dodge most of the foray.  The two of them were determined to get to us and their misplaced “mojo”.  They managed to covertly scramble around the mid-field melee.  But, they couldn’t sneak around the cameras.  Their every move was being streamed live on one of the jumbo-trons.
My Cheer Babies were still counting steps, smiling and oblivious to the brewing trouble.  Because we couldn’t get our cues from the music, we had to focus on each other.  So, we didn’t even see the crowd pointing and motioning for us to turn around.
Lyle and Coach Wibley noticed the enemy approaching my squad.  They waved for our other players to head them off.
The LVU players that had originally stayed in their zone had plans to advance.  But, security effectively corralled them, keeping them contained where they were.
Before I knew what was happening, Coach Nullis was in my personal space.  He had to duck to avoid being backhanded, but that didn’t seem to faze him.  Like a skilled prize fighter, he avoided my unintentional assault and started yelling over my shoulder.
I felt a hand yanking at the back of my jersey.  Automatically grabbing the front to stay dressed, I pulled in the opposing direction.  My face ended up mere inches away from Coach Nullis’ sweaty armpit.
I instinctively flinched away from the offensive odor, tripped myself and fell backwards.  Jarron easily caught me and we tumbled together to avoid injury.  Landing a safe distance away from the arguing men, I realized incredulously that it was LVU’s head coach, trying to undress me.
Coach Nullis was obviously giddy with the stunt we were pulling, as evidenced by the look of amusement on his face.  I assumed he was poking fun at Coach Sizelend and his team.
My squad scattered, as the unforeseen guests invaded our routine.
Wally Baxter had been stuck to his leader’s back, but he saw a clear shot to get to me.
The crowd had their cell phones out, videoing the pandemonium.   They were attempting to silence their neighbors and hoping to capture what the coaches were saying.  That would be wasted effort, because I was inches away from them and I couldn’t hear any of it.
Jarron had just helped me to my feet, when we were suddenly thrust back into the middle of the action.  Although I’m not sure whether Wally was trying to grab me or his jersey, he reached in my direction.
My spotter/body guard was on high alert by that point.  Jarron reacted without hesitation.  Pumped on adrenaline, he gracefully tossed me behind him.  Then, he violently pushed Wally away.
We watched in shocked amazement as #4 went sailing like he had been caught in the updraft of a hurricane.  His body almost collided with an approaching, Lyle.
Unfazed by his flight and crash landing, Wally sprang back to his feet, red-faced and shaking.  He was focused on Jarron and didn’t look behind him.
Lyle took him down with a tackle.
Wally effortlessly wiggled free.  But, escaping the grasp of an off-duty sheriff’s deputy wasn’t as easy as getting away from another player.  The deputy was preventing Wally from moving.
Determined to restore order, the referees, along with anyone in authority, separated players and coaches.
The chancellor was the only person permitted to walk through the makeshift police line at the tunnel’s entrance.  He was attempting to reason with LVU’s head coach and get Nullis’ tongue under control at the same time.
The deputy and a security guard kept Lyle and Wally separated.  But, they couldn’t make them shut up no matter how many times they demanded it.
“You got owned, Dude!  So, take that whine home to your momma…you’re embarrassing yourself,” Lyle shouted at Wally.
“A ‘your momma’ and a pathetic pun…that’s the best you got, Slim Sticky??” Wally retorted.
“Better than what you’ve got…your team was taken down by a bunch of little girls flashing their cleavage!” Lyle remarked.
“That’s all good, bro…they’re national champs, right??  Your team hasn’t got enough juice to beat us on the field.  So, you send the only victors’ at State to do it for you…”
Lyle said something else that I couldn’t hear.  Evidently, Jarron heard it because he burst out laughing.
“Check the jumbo screen, Slim Sticky – your girls’ have gotta leave this campus to find a real man…” he commented and made an obscene gesture.
Before Lyle could sling another barb, the chancellor ordered him to be quiet or risk ejection.  Once he was confident that Stick was contained, the chancellor walked over to me to perform his investigation.  He was making a valiant attempt to keep a serious, stern expression.  But, I could see amusement and school pride reflecting in his eyes.  He is giddier than Coach Nullis…
“There has been an accusation of theft.  Krista, did anyone on your squad steal an LVU jersey?” he asked me, loudly.
“No sir!  They surrendered them during a flash mob we staged.  They belong to us.  Everything that happened was captured on video…”
The head referee was standing near us and overheard my proclamation.  I couldn’t hear everything he said to the chancellor, but I did hear the words “infraction” and “ejection”.
“Hold on, ref!  Don’t do that!  Please…” I stated, before being dismissed.
The coaches and players started loudly opposing the decision.  Even the chancellor got swept up in the heated debate, realizing his star player would be among the casualties getting the boot.
Thinking quickly, I had a potential plan to salvage the wreckage.  But, I couldn’t get any of them to stop fussing long enough to listen.
Falling back on my g-mom’s advice, I had no choice remaining.  I created a bigger scene than they were making.  Shouting about strange, unrelated topics, I made a loud commotion worthy of a patient in a mental ward. 
Jarron found my psychotic rant, comical.  But, even he stepped back, fearing I might accidentally smack him with my over-exaggerated arm movements.
I glimpsed Freddie laughing and wiping away tears.  He later informed me that he had the time of his life seeing them all come unraveled and watching my performance.
My squad members are accustomed to my unique style.  My selection of making a scene wasn’t a foreign concept to them.  But typically, it’s one of them that created a stir and forced my hand.  The whole squad gets the penalty if I have to resort to having a meltdown.  This rant wasn’t directed towards them though.  So, they were also highly entertained watching it.
The chancellor, referee and both head coaches finally took notice.  I instantly switched off my rant and shocked them by smiling sweetly.  Confused and dumbfounded, they attempted to calculate what I might do next.  I struck while I had them off balance.  Leaning in for an impromptu huddle, I demanded their presence through a gesture.  This was the most privacy I could get in the middle of this cluster fuss.  Too astonished to refuse my offer, they complied like I had some power to force them into it.
“This capacity crowd will turn into a lynch mob if anyone, on either side, gets ejected from this game before it even gets started.  And, lemme point out, that you can’t pay for this kind of advertising.  It’s good exposure for both colleges.  Everyone’s fired up and ready.  So we should capitalize on this opportunity and let the players, play and the coaches, coach….” I suggested.
Coach Sizelend was getting an up-close of my glowing body paint.  Then, he leaped to a conclusion based solely on my heritage.
“Oh, I get it now.  Give Baxter his jersey, Miss Con-Pom…” LVU’s coach ordered me without thinking, after reading my arms.
Coach Nullis, the chancellor and the head referee all gasped in shock at his blatant social slip-up.
“The proper term is “gypsy”.  I’m quite proud of who I am, as you can plainly see.  And, for your information I didn’t con him out of it.  I got my Baxter trophy through a more than even exchange…” I revealed and watched his face drain of color.
Finally realizing his monumental, politically incorrect blunder and knowing he had an audience when he said it, Coach Sizelend was appropriately terrified of the impending fallout.  Making a prejudicial reference to one’s heritage is grounds for much more than stadium expulsion.  Before anyone of them could react and make this situation worse, I grabbed the bull by the horns.
“I’m not willing to trade with #4 for the jersey, again.  But, you and I can possibly work out an arrangement.  That is if you’re willing to strike a deal with a fair-minded gypsy girl…” I told him, demurely.
He and I both knew he was going to accept my offer.  I just handed him a way out.  His acceptance is the only way to smooth over his egregious social error.  But, as a head coach, he can’t just accept it without putting up some kind of tough guy debate.
“What deal??” he asked, treading lightly while simultaneously saving face.
“If your team is losing at half-time then, you and your coaching staff will agree to dance with me and my squad on the fifty.  Don’t worry, we’ll teach you the moves.  Since you and your staff will be getting schooled by my championship squad, you’ll agree to exchange your lucky whistle, at the conclusion as payment.  That’s a fair deal, right?”
“What happens when half-time arrives and we’re kicking your as…um, butts?  And, that’s how it’s going down…so, what’s in it for the winners?” he questioned with a little more confidence.
“Highly improbable since State’s got your mojo.  But, in the very, very unlikely event your team is winning at half-time, we’ll surrender all the jerseys back to their original owners…”
Coach Nullis crossed his arms and nodded his head…proud and satisfied with my show of confidence in his team.
“Deal…” Coach Sizelend agreed.
“Now Ref, are you willing to let us strike this bargain of truce?  Or, would you rather talk infractions, expulsions and risk inciting a riot?” I inquired.
The referee wasn’t happy about being backed in the corner, but he had to concur with our plan.  He ordered Coach Sizelend and the LVU players back to their benches.  He also made a big production over ejecting them if they ventured over to our side, again.
Before he blew the whistle, I heard the referee warn both coaches that he would be watching for intentional fouls.  Any player caught demonstrating unsportsmanlike behavior would be ejected with no further warning.
Wally Baxter paid me the strangest look and I winked at him in reply.  As far as he and I are concerned, the matter is handled and over.  Unfortunately, his teammates’ did not get the memo.  They were making obscene gestures and using profanity.
Jarron wasn’t ready to let it go either.  My spotter stepped between us and did something.  The LVU players turned and ran like they had a gun being pointed at them.  Wally Baxter gave me another odd look and then, followed his teammates without saying a word.
“What just happened???  What did you do???” I asked Jarron.
His face was clouded with shadows when he shrugged his shoulders in reply.
I kept on pestering Jarron for the information because whatever he did made those rude players completely ignore me for the rest of the game.  They wouldn’t even glance in my direction.
Stuck in the mystery, my spotter wasn’t going to reveal.  The most I got out of him was a mumble about being on the clock and not to sweat the details.
The game started on a delay, so the coaches could alert their players to keep their tempers in check or suffer the penalty.  We performed our opening routine from the top to keep the crowd engaged.  My battery pack met painfully with my side for a second time, but my smile never wavered.
By the time the players took the field everyone was ready.  The intensity could actually be felt in the stadium.  I watched the score bounce back and forth.  When the two minute warning sounded in the second quarter we were down by 10 points.  I prepared my disheartened squad for the inevitable.
Then, Stick caught a ball with the tips of his fingers and rushed it in for a touchdown.  The crowd went wild.  After scoring the extra point, LVU took possession of the ball, but their receiver got a little too enthusiastic.  Instead of downing it and running out the clock, the guy decided he had a wide enough gap to go for it.  He made it nearly sixty yards before being tackled and losing his grip on the ball.
With only a few seconds left until half-time, our kicker was sent out to make the play.  He scored a field goal, tying the game and leaving me and Coach Sizelend with an unexpected problem.  Neither one of us planned for this contingency, although we really should have.
So much for my gypsy bargaining skills…
In the end, we both would make a concession.
The crowd was unaware of our deal.  So, when LVU’s coaching staff joined their leader and met my squad on the fifty yard line, the spectators were perplexed but thrilled.  Everyone stood up and joined in the fun.  We taught our rival team’s coaches the basic moves to the “Wop” and they danced with us.
Then, all eyes and cameras were riveted as Coach Sizelend bid farewell to his sixteen season lucky whistle and handed it over to me.  I removed my hard earned #4 jersey and handed it over to the head coach in exchange.
I spun my whistle around my index finger as the coach ripped the backing away from Baxter’s jersey.  It took him less than a second to yank out the strings of LED lights that I had spent hours on, meticulously positioning.  He tossed them to me before he ran toward the tunnel.
The crowd loved the dance and our exchange.  They cheered and shouted, noisily.
My squad placed their still lit jerseys in a pile.  Zack had the mats ready and motioned for us to perform.  I shook my head, covered my ears and pointed to the stands.  He ran over to me in a panic.
“Get goin’…go!” he demanded.
“We have to be able to hear the music, Zack.  This is a dangerous routine…” I attempted to inform him, but he interrupted me.
“This is my tail on the line!!”
“I’m not risking my athletes’ necks’ for anything!  We have to hear the music for the cues.  Tell the crowd to shut it and we’ll perform. You and I are shouting in each other’s faces and I can barely hear our conversation,” I declared.
The clock was at the five minute countdown before the crowd provided us enough of a lull.  I gave Gunnar the signal and we got into position to perform our winning routine.  Zack put his face in the palm of his hands.  I think he was crying from relief.
When the music started, the LVU spectators started making noise.  Once again, we were struggling to hear the song.  Then, for some strange reason, right before the most hazardous stunts were performed the crowd got quiet…well barely enough for us to hear the music, but it was still helpful.  Grateful for the divine intervention, I said a quick prayer.
Replays of our performance on the jumbo-tron revealed the reason for their unexpected reprieve.  Wally and some of his LVU brethren had slipped onto the field to watch us cheer.  Realizing what we were risking and how the commotion was causing a perilous disturbance, they motioned for their spectators to quiet down.
Their turnaround was a far cry from the threats and obscenities they had provided to me, earlier.  I suppose Baxter’s happy to have his mojo back in his possession and made his friends show their appreciation.
The second half of the game was just as exciting.  The players were giving 110% and both sides were striving to be the victor.  Wally didn’t throw a single interception and Stick never fumbled.
The game headed into overtime.
Freddie, who had a front row seat for all the action, was biting his nails from anxiety.  He happened to glance in my direction before the football was hiked.  He removed his fingers from his mouth long enough to smile and wave at me.
The last play of the game was the most thrilling moment of the night.  Lyle was being constantly surrounded.  So in desperation, our quarterback threw the ball to an open player.  But, he overshot his mark.  The ball grazed the tips of Yates’ fingers and went sailing, wildly.  Then, from virtually out of nowhere, Lyle leaped over an LVU defense player, grabbed the ball and stumbled twice.  His knee never touched the ground, though.  He spun to the left and then, to the right narrowly avoiding getting stopped.  He regained his footing and took off running.  He was tackled right before his feet touched the in-zone.  The upper half of his body had crossed into touchdown territory.
Everyone was looking to see if a flag had been thrown.  But, the referees motioned that the game was over – our team won.
Our spectators were celebrating in the stands.  Coaches shook hands and so did the players.  Wally and Lyle appeared to be carrying on a full-fledge conversation.  I couldn’t tell if they were arguing or just having a discussion.  Neither one of them took a swing or pushed the other.
Then, the celebratory Gatorade splash bath took center stage.  I watched Freddie participate in baptizing Coach Nullis, Coach Wibley and he helped carry Stick around on his shoulders.
Zack had already collected our remaining LVU jerseys and locked them in the coach’s office for safekeeping.
I started gathering equipment and truly believed my eventful night was rapidly coming to a closure.  But, the evening’s excitement was far from over…

Chapter Nineteen

Freddie had been doused, alongside the coaches.  He found me and Jarron wrestling with a light stand.
“That was the best game I’ve ever sat through!  I’m seriously considering this university.  Oh, it was fun shooting the breeze with you last night…” he revealed as he assisted us with the clean-up.
“Yeah, I enjoyed it too.  What time is your flight home?” I questioned.
“Coach N. called my mom and she agreed to let me stay until Saturday.  He wants me to practice with Stick, tomorrow afternoon!  That guy’s a real jerk, but he sure can catch a football…” Freddie stated and continued excitedly telling us about what Friday’s practice would bring.
Jarron started laughing when Freddie called Lyle a jerk.  He mischievously winked at me.  My spotter lays things on the line.  He and Stick don’t get along and they never have.  I always assumed it was because Jarron didn’t seem overly impressed with his football conquest stories.  But, the rumor-mill contends that Lyle believes I’m secretly in love with my spotter.
I do love Jarron…just like a brother.  And, his girlfriend, Karin moonlights for extra cash as a model.  She’s also sweet, intelligent and easy-going.  If I were secretly in love with Jarron, I would have been disappointed because his heart belongs to Karin.  It’s been that way since the first day I met him.
Unfortunately, I never discovered a way to broach the subject with Lyle while we were dating.  I certainly didn’t want him to believe I was carrying a torch for another guy when we were going out.  Now that we’re no longer seeing each other, I will likely never discover the truth and have to live with the mystery.  It’s a small price to pay to be relationship-worry-free.
I was reading Zack’s list while he was talking.  And, I happened to notice Paris’ name under Stick’s VIP guest.  Sure enough, his new fling was sitting with the senator and appeared to be wearing one of Lyle’s jerseys.
Unsure of my feelings, Zack had intentionally left out the ‘Paris is here with Lyle’ detail.  I found myself giggling over his subject avoidance.
Zack’s evasion reminded me that I still need to corner the coaches and ask them for relationship advice.  Living in my own world, I was considering the time and place to make them squirm.  I wasn’t looking around and I certainly wasn’t expecting a touch.  I felt the hand on my shoulder and I yelped in fright.
“Sorry, doll-babe…that stunt you pulled off…” a soaked Lyle offered, but I interrupted him with a gesture.
“Let me catch my breath…and my heart,” I said, panting and clutching my chest.
What I meant was…you just startled the life out of me and now, my heart is racing.  I need to catch my breath before we talk.
What Lyle heard was…my heart is fluttering from passion because you are THE football hero and I love you.  Let me steady my swooning-self before we speak.
Jarron and Freddie had both stopped what they were doing to watch us.
The senator and Paris were working on getting through security to make it to the field.  Stalling as long as I possibly could, I realized they were having trouble because of the celebrating fans.  Resigning myself to face Lyle, I took a few more deep breaths before I stood back up.
I was prepared to congratulate him on his victory and/or listen to him take credit for my evening’s accomplishments.  But, I wasn’t prepared for what actually happened.  I didn’t get a chance to speak a single word.
Stick picked me up like a toddler, crushed me against his body and kissed me.  Stunned and amazed, I froze with my lips locked to his and my arms spread wide.  I made a strange squeaking noise as he forced his tongue into my mouth.
Jarron realized I was shocked into immobility from being French kissed, unexpectedly.  So, he pulled me away from Lyle.
“Hey Spot, whatcha do that for?” Stick asked Jarron, clearly irritated by his disruption.
Paris had walked up on the scene and Lyle did the same thing to her.  So, this is how he plans to celebrate every victory…by kissing every female he can get his grubby hands on??
I didn’t know how to feel or what to say.  Paris watched him stick his tongue down my throat, but she didn’t act like he did it.
The senator was jockeying for votes and missed his son’s newest mono-inspired ritual.  He shook Lyle’s hand and congratulated him on leading his team to victory.  They both mugged for the cameras – in true, senator-to-son fashion.
Paris posed in several pictures with them.  She seemed oblivious to Lyle’s despicable behavior.  I am his ex-girlfriend.  He has no right to kiss me without asking.
Runway chick, Paris Langley might not take issue with him groping, kissing and cuddling up with all the females on my squad.  But, I do not share her sentiment.
Incensed and ready to go off in front of a half-dozen reporters, I tapped Lyle hard on the shoulder to get his attention.
“Owww, what’s up with the diva-pom-squad tonight??” he inquired, turning to face me.
Temporarily blinded by flashes, I had to wait until I could see Lyle before I let him have it.
A few seconds later my vision cleared and suddenly, I lost all interest in Stick.
Tray, Jaysen and Reid walked up behind him to surprise me.
Shoving Lyle aside without answering his obnoxious question, I rushed into Reid’s arms.  I was elated to see him after almost nine months.  My brother picked me up just like Lyle did earlier.  Hugging me, he told me how much he missed me.  Tears were sliding down my face when Reid kissed me on the nose.
“You see…Tray and Jaysen, I told you she would pick me…” Reid told them, comically.
“So, this is all the thanks I get for giving her a convertible…” Tray replied with over-exaggerated commentary.
“I tried to tell you she wanted my Stingray and not your Pony,” Jaysen added in humorously, making reference to his classic Corvette.
One of Lyle’s teammates’ and one of his frat brothers’ saw our reunion and misinterpreted what was happening.  They came running over to lend their friend a helping hand and put me in my place.
“So, you’re the punk that’s tryin’ to buy her with a cheap sports car?” Lyle asked Tray, loud enough for his friends to hear.
“Bro, I told you there’d be some dude behind her image switch…but three of them?  Between the LVU stud-giants, Spot and hot-shot jail bait QB, there…she’s producing a personal episode of college girls gone wild.  She’s collecting a stable…” Altez commented to Lyle.
“All I wanna know is which one of you’s droppin’ dime for her bling-bling?” Terrance asked, attempting to sound like a gangster.
But, he ended up butchering the term and sounding like a moron.
Jarron and Freddie had been trying to stifle their laughter while listening to Lyle and his friends make fools of themselves.  They were waiting to see just how far they would go.
My big brothers were silently looking at Lyle and his entourage like they had lost something vital.  They were thoroughly amused and attempting to hold in the resulting laughter.
The weirdly misplaced ‘droppin’ dime’ comment, coming from a skinny Asian frat brother impeccably dressed in Hollister and Tommy, was more than my siblings could take.  They were busting a gut, laughing.  Jarron and Freddie joined in the hilarity because at that point the inside-joke was over.
I was flabbergasted!  They think I changed my image to attract a male stud population to my stable??
Preparing to ask them to clarify whether I’m the prostitute or the Madame in their imaginary equation, I was going to smack them all regardless.  But, before I could make a move or say a single word, my sisters, niece and two youngest nephews arrived on the field.  They trumped everyone’s, everything.
I ran toward them and the kids tackled me.  I dramatically fell over and we landed in a heaping pile, giggling.  I wanted to hug and kiss every one of them, simultaneously.  And, they must have wanted the same thing.  I was being smothered, but breathing wasn’t very important to me at that juncture.
My sisters figured out that the only way they would get a homecoming was to join us in our pile-up.  Willow and Fallon were crying like me as we reunited between the kids.
Ember was the last one to make it to my embrace.  We held each other for dear life and both started sobbing.
Tray convinced the reporters to erase their footage and leave our location.  He would have veiled us from view, if the circumstances had been different.
Although it was challenging, I managed to make it back to my feet and hold six hands, simultaneously.
I was more amused than angry when I worked my way back over to Lyle and his buddies.
“Stick, Altez and Droppin’ Dime…say hello to my big brothers, my sisters, my impressionable six-year-old niece and two of my handsome nephews…” I stated, succinctly.
Thunderstruck and completely embarrassed, they mumbled a greeting and stared at their feet.  Now, they understood why I changed my appearance.
Except for Haven, my family members are decked out in traditional gypsy attire.  My niece is wearing a State cheerleading outfit that matches my own.  The only difference is her collar has bling and mine doesn’t.
I’m not sure what I would have said to Lyle because I got interrupted, again.
The female members of my squad glimpsed my adorable niece, dressed like a Mini-Me.  They squealed and ran over to meet her.  I introduced Haven to them and she stole the show, as usual.
After formally introducing Jarron and Freddie to my brothers, I planned to have a private chat with Lyle.  But, once again, something would capture my attention.
Zander was basically yanking Quinn over to me.  Quinn was attempting to fight him off so he could chat up a, way too old for him, co-ed.  Frustrated at being late to the welcoming party, Zander forcibly turned Casanova-Quinn’s head so he could see me.  The co-ed was quickly forgotten.
“Aunt Krista, I love you!!  And, I miss you so much.  Wait, I know how to make us both feel better.  How about I stay with you for a couple of nights or weeks??  We can catch up.  You’ve still got an extra bunk, right??
“I think I’ve died and crashed through the Pearly Gates…” Quinn begged, surveying the female co-ed population.
“This isn’t heaven, Quinny – for you, it’s more like trouble central.  I don’t know what you did, but your mom doesn’t look too happy…” I commented and motioned to Willow.
“Ouch, that look’s a killa’.  Better go smooth mommy bear’s fur or she’ll have dad lock me back inside a bubble shield.  I just got liberated ten minutes ago.
“But seriously, while I’m doing that, think about housing this lonely soul my favorite Aunty.  Your sisters will never even know I’m there.  Love ya’ muchly…” Quinn told me before he went over to appease his frustrated mom.
“Oh my little Boo-bear, I love you so, so much…I’ve missed you even more…” I said to Zander, all choked up.
“Same, but double…” he softly replied as we embraced.
“I can’t believe you all made it to this game!” I exclaimed, excitedly.
“I don’t know how happy you’ll be after g-mom gets through with you.  From what I can gather, your baby elephant isn’t big enough to be your landing gear – whatever that means.  Oh, and that rocking aerial cartwheel you performed almost sent her to the ER…” Zander revealed.
“I’m a dead cheerleader walking, huh?”
“Ding-ding-ding – winner.  Tray, Uncle Jaysen and Uncle Reid were on the field with Poppy Bradwell during the whole game.  They were hawking your every exchange behind a veil.  I can’t believe they didn’t start in on you, immediately about those dangerous moves you were pulling off.  But, it looks like they let you off the hook – that’s amazing!
“I got a frantic play-by-play because g-mom made me teach her how to instant message Tray during your half-time performance.  I don’t know how she talked him out of kidnapping you, mid-flight and delivering you into a cushy, locked ward in Rising Light.  But, she was all for shoving you inside that bubble with Quinn, from now on…so fair warning.
“I think you were safe from g-mom until you did that triple flip; the one where you landed upside down before they threw you back into the air.  Your hair was touching the mat.  You even terrified me with that stunt.  Meemaw Pricilla fainted and Scarlett started bawling because they thought you had been turned into a pancake.
“I just knew you cracked something critical.  Dad leaped over a dessert cart and was ready to make a beeline to the field to “Vaydem fix” the damage.  Mom managed to stop him by yelling that you were standing upright on that guy’s shoulders.  Dad hunkered down and collected his worthless remains back together…
“Hey, don’t gimme that look...that’s what he called them.
“You got some kinda love/hate relationship with your cranium that we need to be made aware of??” Zander inquired.
“No!  It’s just busy and versatile…you know, thinking, tumbling and crafting clever excuses to remain on the outside of cushy other-worldly prison type situations.  And, in no way am I off the hook with any of them.  Come over here and let me introduce you to my baby elephant and a few other people.  Then, I’ll tell you how I temporarily dodged the bullets still heading towards me…” I told him.
It turns out my entire sealed family had been watching the game from one of the new luxury boxes.  Poppy Bradwell, who had been on the field, was now checking on Meemaw Pricilla and Scarlett.
Lyle’s buddies had vacated, swiftly.  But, Stick was still hanging around, holding Paris’ hand and making small talk with Willow and Fallon – the safer of my family options.  He couldn’t leave yet because his parents were still talking to the chancellor, nearby.  Occasionally, I would catch them scoping out my glamorous family and sizing them up.
Although I was rushing to finish gathering the cheer squad’s gear, I wasn’t quite fast enough to get a stay of execution.  I figured I would have better luck if I went to the box and started making it up to them.  But, g-mom, Grandma Edie, my parents, my traditional gypsy grandparents and Scarlett walked on to the field to join me before I could find them.
I silently apologized to my g-mom, but I knew it would be about as effective as kissing a shattered bone to make it better.  She gestured that we would be having a pow-wow as soon as she frees herself from her current discussion.  I’m doomed…
Oddly, my Meemaw Pricilla would wind up saving my bacon.
“Hello, gorgeous girl…that was a spectacular performance!  I admit you frightened the wits out of me when you first started.  It scared me so bad that I forgot your Poppy was on this field to protect you.  I’m so silly when I get a start.  He would never let you get injured.  So, there was no real danger.
“But, that old man was way too close to your body.  He put his hands on you and tried to rip your shirt off.  That was completely inappropriate.
“I’ve told your mother that your place is at home and not in this gorger-infested university.  Celeste insists that old man’s ill-advised violation of your personal space was a product of miscommunication.  That had better be the case!  He is lucky your chaperone is capable.  Otherwise your Poppy would have addressed the matter – even with those cameras pointed at him.  Your fathers’ have promised to handle the situation with that old man.  Your Poppy will be happy to take care of it, if your dads’ are tied up…” Meemaw Pricilla stated.
She followed me around and continued explaining how Coach Sizelend would need some gypsy come-upins’.  My Poppy was cautiously watching both his wife and daughter, while simultaneously looking for the LVU head coach.  This environment is still overly populated and the area around me was even more so.  Stick and Freddie were each in close proximity to where we were cheering.  And, with them is where everyone wants to be.
My g-mom was carrying on a discussion with my parents and listening to my Meemaw’s rant about that inappropriate ‘old man’.  My impending lecture was swiftly placed on the back-burner.  Meemaw Pricilla had refreshed her memory and now, both she and Poppy Bradwell are gunning for LVU’s head coach.  I knew precisely who would get to him, first.
Coach Sizelend is in big trouble.  A rabid mother bear would be considered tame in comparison when g-mom is fired up.  I watched her storm over to my brothers and whisper something.  Then, Reid took off across the field to find her soon-to-be victim.
“I love you, g-mom…please, let him live!” I silently mouthed to her.
“I love you, too.  But, he and I need to have a friendly chat about boundaries and my Bunny Baby…” she succinctly replied.
Fretting and sweating, I decided to just leave the rest of our stuff and try to get my family out of here.  Intent on persuading them to go by whatever means necessary, I ran toward the more sympathetic, Grandma Edie.
Senator Harring had been patiently waiting on me to join my family.  He knows how to spot potential campaign contributors and was prepared to grease a few wallets.
“Krista Stewart – stop!” he demanded.
I complied on autopilot.
“My dear, don’t take off without providing me a formal introduction to these fine people…” the senator stated, motioning to my parents.
The last thing I wanted to do was stand around discussing politics.  Every second wasted is one second closer to Coach Sizelend’s annihilation.
“Senator Chad Harring…this is my family…” I said.
Then, I rushed through their names and titles.  My speedy intros didn’t make any difference.
Coach Sizelend was being escorted across the field by Reid.  G-mom said “hello” to the senator before she waltzed over to meet my brother and the offending old man.
I said a prayer for LVU’s football team…I wonder if they can go all-the-way without their leader?

Chapter Twenty

I was forced to shower in the locker room because the chancellor had invited the players, my squad and ‘certain family members’ to his home for an impromptu cocktail party.
Poppy Bradwell was evidently being entertained by the senator.  He accepted the chancellor’s invitation for all of us adults.  The kids and Scarlett will return to the hotel rooms and be watched over by Kyrann.
Completely disappointed, I said “goodnight” to Zander, Quinn, Luke, Mikey and Haven too soon.  Somehow, I managed to keep up a happy front for them.  They were all smiles when we parted.
Ember knew I was torn to shreds.  She could see right through my façade.  She hugged me before I went to the locker room.
“It’s fine!  Don’t cry!  We’ll have an intimate family breakfast in the morning and then, we’ll spend the whole day together.  Our royal grandparents will be joining us for dinner tomorrow.  So, we switch gears and turn into our uptown-snobby-talkin’-gypsy-Princess personas, then.
“But for tonight, I think Poppy Bradwell wants to attempt to out-con a political snake.  You get dressed and we’ll ride to this party together.  I’ll even make-up a fascinating Ember-intrigue background story for us to snicker over while we watch the two con artists go at it…” my sister told me, making me feel better in the process.
I begged my parents and Grandma Edie to save Coach Sizelend from g-mom, who was still having a word of prayer with him.  R-daddy, Daddy-Jax and Grandma Edie were headed their way when I ran to take a fast shower.
Once I knew my Poppy and Meemaw were distracted, I had offered Freddie a quick hug.  Although I told him we couldn’t hang out alone this evening, I asked him to please come find me at the party.  I would introduce him to my g-mom and grandma because he could really use their guidance.
Jarron would show my family where to park and wait for me.  My hair was still damp when I styled it.  But, my makeup was applied and I was dressed like a good, traditional gypsy girl should be when I emerged from the gymnasium.
Mostly unfamiliar cars were parked in the front row spaces.  My family had evidently rented transportation.  My brothers and sisters were standing around talking.  Jarron and Karin were with them, too.  I assumed the rest of my family had already headed over to the chancellor’s house because they were nowhere in sight.
Wally Baxter got out of a car and appeared to be waving at me.  My brothers and Jarron saw him.  Fearing he was here to stir trouble, they started running towards us.  But, I motioned for them to stay back, for now.  Although my request irritated them, they were well within earshot and reaching distance.  So, they had no justification to interfere.  However, they were cautiously watching.
“Fancy meeting you here…what a coincidence,” I said to Wally, casually.
“Jeans aren’t so fancy and I make my own coincidences…” he responded, lightheartedly.
“Listen, about our prank…”
“No need to go there.  I’m glad I caught you before you left…just wanted to give you, this…” he stated and handed me his game jersey.
“Wow, a dirty, bloody, sweaty football jersey…what more could a girl ask for,” I told him, snickering.
“I would’ve gotten you the one we exchanged, but coach sorta stuffed it down the back of his pants as an example.  I can’t bring myself to touch it, ever again.  So, you’re outta luck if you want the original.  I’m hoping you’ll be okay with this one…”
“It’s perfect, thanks!  But, you really don’t have to do this because I’m keepin’ that mystical, lucky whistle of his.  I’m even thinking about having it dipped in gold and wearing it as a full-time fashion accessory…”
“Mind if I share your plan in the locker room, after coach chews us up and spits us out?  He’s always in the mood for some levity once he dines on our flesh…”
“Sure, be my guest.  But fair warning, that levity might pack a punch, so be ready to take cover.  Really though, you can keep your jersey…”
“No, I want you to have it.  I owe you big-time.  Getting fired up, pre-snap was just the kick in the pants I needed.  I’ve never given my all and then, some until tonight.  That was the best game I’ve played.  And, it could be a career starter…” he revealed, showing me business cards from NFL scouts.
“That’s great…congratulations!” I exclaimed.
“It was all you.  I can’t believe I get punked on national television and then, have to thank the offender.  Ironic, huh?  You’re one ingenious cheerleader and a clever gypsy girl.  Ya’ know, I’d love to figure out exactly how you discovered my weakness for dirty beach blonds…”
“I’ll never reveal my sources…”
“It’s just as well, anyway.  Now, don’t take this wrong because you’re a pretty blonde.  But, you should keep this in mind if you ever want my attention in a public place, again.  I might favor platinum beach imagery for solo nocturnal activities.  A beautiful brunette, honor student, though…well, she’s what I take home to my momma.  I’ve seen your, before and after, pics.  Without those highlights, it would’ve been me jumpin’ that rail to get to you…”
“Ummm, thanks…I think!” I replied, red-faced thinking about the underlying meaning of solo nocturnal activities.
“You’re welcome!  My coach already believes I lost this game because you and I are in ‘Wopping-cahoots’ together.  If he wasn’t on the hunt for player blood and being led by that foolish assumption, I would ask you out on a date…”
“I’m not sure how that date would go over.  You’re in Camp Enemy and I’m in Camp Rival.  Our people would talk…they’d make our lives miserable, etcetera, etcetera…”
“Who’s scared of a murderous, angry mob?  I’m all for chasing down a challenge with a grin.  Your four pillars of gigantic proof are standing behind me, glaring still – correct?  So, if you find yourself interested in bucking the vibes of our camping systems, come find me.  I have a feelin’ you’ll know how to discover all my mellow haunts and chilly hangouts.  Just do me a favor, and don’t show up at football practice!”
“You got it…” I said with a smile.
“Oh, and one last thing, here’s my number.  You can use it to take me up on my offer, but that’s not why I’m giving it to you.  If you ever even think of getting back together with that Sticky McArrogant, gimme a jingle.  I’ll do everything in my power to talk you out of it.  You deserve better than a privileged brat who’s more interested in self-admiration than treating his lady with respect,” he told me with a wink and a smile.
“How’d you know we used to be an item?  And, how’d you find out I’m an honor student?”
“I’ll show you mine, if you show me, yours…sources, that is,” he offered loud enough for my nervous brothers to hear his request.
“Nah, no deal.  I might need more #4 Baxter Intel in the future…”
“Doubtful…especially when you could just get your news, straight from the horse’s mouth instead of relying on third hand gossip.”
“But, you’ll never need to use your Krista and Lyle relationship sources again because I never shift into couples’ reverse and…”
“You’re not gonna let this issue drop without something, right?”
“How’d ya’ know??”
“You’re female…no detective work required.  But, I’m only sharing one because you’re not offering an exchange.  McArrogant, himself filled in some of the blanks for me, post-game,” he revealed.
Although I attempted to gently coax him into telling me what Lyle had said about our relationship, I met with the male code of loyal silence.  His ‘brethren-betrayal’ only stretches so far.
Those blonde highlights I got to capture Wally’s attention had made me look just like my mommas’.  The color switch helped smooth the integration into both of my extended gypsy families.  So, I actually owe Wally Baxter more than a simple ‘thanks’, already.  But, when he broke the sacred brotherhood trust just to spare me from making a mistake, I felt moved to take some action. 
My brothers will come undone watching this, but I can’t seem to help myself.  I pulled Wally Baxter to me and gave him a kiss in appreciation – a long, deep, real and passionate French kiss.
“You’re an incredible quarterback, but you’re an even more amazing guy.  Thank you for everything you know about and three-times more, for everything you don’t,” I whispered and secretly, slipped Coach Sizelend’s mojo into his jacket pocket.
Maybe, he can exchange it for a stay of execution…

Chapter Twenty One

Sure enough, I was swimming in hot water with my brothers.  They declared, in unison, that I didn’t know where those foreign lips had been.  Although Jarron is my spotter, he is also a male and a big brother.  Wedged between that rock and a hard place, he didn’t offer any of his own suggestions.  But, he nodded and couldn’t hide his laughter either when my brothers’ started issuing directives.
“You require immediate decontamination in a chamber designed to destroy alien parasites…” Reid commanded.
All of the Ava’shay Houses are equipped with decontamination chambers.  It can take up to 48 hours to finish the process.  I can’t eat or drink while I’m locked inside one.  My moms’ will never allow them to lock me inside without food or water.  I couldn’t reveal that in front of Jarron and Karin, though.  They both think Reid is joking around.
“Agreed, brother!” Jaysen and Tray interjected, simultaneously.
“First though, I am using my GPS to locate the closest ER.  She requires a tetanus shot before the sanitation cycle can begin…” Jaysen added frantically searching his phone for an address to the hospital.
“But, our parents are…” I tried to remind them that our family was waiting, but Jaysen interrupted me.
“But, nothing!  Our parents will thank me when I tell them where your tongue just ventured,” Jaysen stated and he wasn’t finished talking.
Tray heard those last two words and couldn’t wait anymore for his turn to lecture.
“That’s it, my Little Baby KK!  After that shot and a full physical, you’re going straight to Decon!  Then, I’m locking you inside an invisible, V-based selective shield…” he informed me.
“You really want something, so…sweet and delicate?” Reid asked.
“He has a point!  V-based is too far out of the “required range” we are shooting for…” Jaysen concurred.
“Yeah, so let’s just skip V, Av and Ay altogether, and go straight for the T-based…” my oldest brother informed them that he would use a Tarrish shield on me.
Discussing all the needed channels, they were being forced to speak in cryptic details.  Their suggestions seemed like outlandish, comical ramblings to Jarron and Karin.  But, I knew my brothers meant what they were saying.
I can’t call g-mom or Grandma Edie to save my skin this time either.  They are both hunting for my head after I terrified them via cheerleading stunts.  Even though they realize I was in no real danger tonight because my brothers were on the field while I was performing, they also understood I normally cheer without them to “channel-catch” me.
I couldn’t get a word in edgewise and neither could my sisters, Willow and Fallon.  They were sitting with the windows open in the Escalade, laughing and being entertained by the scene.  I knew they would eventually catch a break and hopefully, talk some sense into their husbands’.  All I have to do is wait for a lull.  Then, they will spring into action.
As it happens, I wouldn’t be in limbo for long and their intervention wouldn’t be necessary.  Ember, who had just hung up her phone, would jump out of the vehicle and provide my salvation.
“Forget alien deconnin’, shot shootin’ and V.A.A.T. jock shielding her!!  No one’s takin’ my Krista away from me when I just got her – got it??  And, forget that tongue-n-kiss she sprang on that unsuspecting player guy!  She’ll survive it with my family-sized tube of emergency toothpaste and the five bottles of mouthwash I’m packin’.  It’s the nasty jersey that needs to be destroyed with extreme prejudice.  I mean it!
“Someone had better do something with it or about it or around it and get it away from my Krista before she touches it, again!  We’re already gonna have to set her purse ablaze, along with all the contents because that’s where it’s hiding…” Ember shouted.
She was successfully holding my hand while avoiding me, at the same time.  Ember is the cleanest, clean freak on earth.  My brothers had no way to calm her down.  Her filthy-germy-jersey meltdown triumphed over the stolen smooch issue.  The kiss I planted on Wally Baxter was little more than a memory by the time we worked out a solution.
Jarron would house my purse and Baxter trophy in the trunk of his car, indefinitely.  Or, at least until Ember wasn’t around and I would retrieve it…
I agreed to go back into the gym, shower with scalding hot water (Ember’s order) that doesn’t burn me (the rest of my family’s declaration), wear the bristles off of the new toothbrush using as much paste as necessary and incinerate everything I’m wearing except my jewelry.  Ember would permit me to disinfect my rings, necklaces and bracelets as long as they remained in the rubbing alcohol until I exited the locker room.
Although I did shower, again and scrub my teeth until my gums were bleeding (to prove my diligence), I stored my ‘germ-filled’ outfit in a locker for safekeeping.  Besides nothing being wrong with the clothes, I happened to like the smell of Wally’s cologne.
I would ask my super-smeller sorority sister, Demi to tell me what brand it is.  I planned to buy a bottle and sniff it, whenever I’m feeling down.
Once I was cleansed of the jock-germs, Ember sat in my lap on the ride over.  We shared some humorous intrigues.  We would intermittently stop chatting, tear up and hug each other.  We both agreed to find time during every week to physically visit – even if only for a few minutes.  We had been apart for way too long.  
It was after midnight before we arrived at the chancellor’s house.  My Poppy Bradwell was thoroughly immersed, out-snaking two Washington politicians.
Ember remained glued to me even as my squad surrounded us.  They were still buzzing about the successful prank.  They also wanted to know how Coach Sizelend wound up losing his whistle to me.
I love my Cheer Babies.  And normally, I would be right in the social mix.  I have had a killer week, though.  All I want to do is visit with my family members.  We were being forced to attend this party because of Poppy Bradwell.  He wants to flex his conning muscles with the senator and his congressman friend.
G-mom and Grandma Edie were mingling until they saw Ember excuse herself to visit the restroom.  They were ready to pounce as they made their way over to me.  My brothers’ high-fived each other, appearing smug and satisfied.
 I had been actively avoiding talking to g-mom and grandma directly.  Instead, I had been holding a texting marathon with them, trying to soften them up.  The stern facial expressions let me know my campaign was not working.  So, I instituted Plan B and rushed over to Freddie.
He was startled when I miscalculated and sat down a little too close to him.  He had plenty of company on the couch already, but I managed to create a space beside him.
“Oh I’m sorry, Krista.  I sorta forgot you wanted me to find you…” he stated.
Unwavering in their resolve, my collective doom was rapidly approaching.
“Yeah, yeah no biggie.  I just want to introduce you to my g-mom and my grandma…” I announced with a smile so wide that it was hurting my face.
“It’s a pleasure…” Grandma Edie responded and appeared to be waiting on something.
“We’re delighted to meet you…young man…by the name of?” g-mom inquired and I smacked myself on the forehead.
“Whoopsie…this is former-Texan, now Nebraska high school senior, Freddie Orion who’s a guest of Coach Nullis and the other coaches and the whole team, really.  He’s checking us out…no, not me and my thingie-thing.  He’s checking out the football players and the field and the school to see if he wants to go here next year and play the thing, my thingie cheers for.
“Um, Freddie, this is g-mom, again…well, she’s my g-mom and your, Elizabeth Stewart.  And, my Grandma Edie, her last name’s Quinn…her first name’s part of her title…” I rambled like a full-on psychotic, making every effort to put off the inevitable.
Dispensing with the greetings too quickly, I decided to introduce them to everyone in my vicinity.  Sadly, I didn’t know some of the people I was acquainting them with, but I discovered something amazing.  If you act like you know a person, they will offer up their name freely.  So, I moved from human-to-human until I bumped into the chancellor’s wife.  She almost spilled her drink and I apologized, automatically.
My avoidance tactic was coming to a rapid close.  My g-mom and Grandma Edie had already been introduced to her.  They know a stall when they experience it, anyway.  My brothers and sisters were hiding behind their cocktails convulsing from laughter.  Jarron and Karin, who both understood my dilemma by now, were laughing right along with them.
Great, just what I need, two additional siblings to humorously watch me sizzle in the hot seat…
Defeated and with no other way to avoid it, I asked g-mom and grandma to step outside so we could talk privately.  Thirty minutes later, I was still talking them off the ledge.  If I had known they were coming to the game, I would have flatly refused Zack’s request.  The fact was performing that routine in such massive chaos was hazardous.  We could barely hear the music.  It took Wally, along with Tray’s channeling, to quiet the roar of the crowd.
What’s done is done, though…and no one got hurt.
I listened, apologized, placated, assured, reassured and then, reassured some more.  Once I was allowed to get a real, word in edgewise, I changed the topic.  I revealed my worries over doe-eyed, innocent Freddie and asked them if they could impart some wisdom his way.  They were just as concerned as me when we walked back inside and caught him making out with one of my eighteen-year-old cheerleaders in a remote corner.
It’s getting late and I want to spend time with my family.  So, I marched over to temporarily interrupt the two lovebirds.  I needed to extricate Freddie from his would-be woman, long enough for him to have a chat with g-mom and Grandma Edie.
He gave me a perplexed look when I whispered my request, but as a polite Texan he felt obligated to indulge my insanity.
“’Scuse me, Lauren…sorry,” he stated and wandered out to the porch to get educated.
Lauren scoped the floor, embarrassed like I had just busted her at a crime scene.  I was prepared to apologize to her and explain what was happening when someone jostled me.  By the time I turned back to talk to her, she had bolted like a terrified rabbit.
I need to tell her that Freddie’s coming right back.  Then, they can resume their date in peace.  Although I did start searching for her, I ultimately got distracted by Ember.
She was curious about how I weathered the dual storm front.  My other siblings joined us, so they could hear all the gory details of my double-G survival.  We were in stitches as each of us added in our hilarious, personal commentary.
I owe Tray a big debt of gratitude.  He not only persuaded a stadium full of people to simmer down.  He also used about a dozen different channels convincing coaches, referees and players to cooperate with me.
“By the way, I didn’t persuade that stripping, Romeo-jock of anything.  I just gave your spotter a little boost to help shove him away…” Tray revealed.
“You could’ve killed him, honey!” Willow exclaimed.
“No worries, sweetheart.  I just gave him a little Vaydem wind assistance.  Big-J’s irritation and testosterone did the rest…” he replied.
“I guess I should say thanks to my brothers for not punching Wally…or anyone for that matter.  No blood or broken bones, that’s very shocking,” I stated.
“There is no mystery to our lack of intervention.  Poppy Bradwell was a guest behind our veil and seemed to have somehow gotten the impression that we watch you during every game.  Therefore, we had to act as though the madness going on was a normal occurrence…” Jaysen told me.
“Incredible!  I’ll have to get each of you a certificate or a trophy of some kind for what I’m sure was a red-carpet, gypsy performance…” I said.
“We deserve more than commemorative trinkets.  Jaysen and I were having a subtle meltdown because we couldn’t channel anything without getting busted.  Poppy Bradwell somehow knew which direction to move to block our interventions.  And, we nearly lost Tray to a silent heart attack hidden behind a casual smile.  Poppy was well out of Tray’s line of fire, but he kept looking to him.  It was almost as if our grandfather was waiting for a clue so he would know how to react,” Reid revealed.
“I’m glad none of you resorted to violence!” Fallon exclaimed.
“Me too; because he wouldn’t have retaliated tonight!” Ember added.
“Yeah, Poppy would’ve been taking names and placing bounties on the heads of those who had any involvement…” Willow told us.
I noticed when Freddie walked back inside.  He appeared older and wiser.  Breathing a sigh of relief, I assumed I didn’t have a reason to worry about him, anymore.  He was searching the house to locate Lauren, but he couldn’t seem to find her.
My siblings were still agonizing over what Poppy would have done if they had lost their cool, when I excused myself to assist Freddie.  I never did get a chance to tell Lauren what happened or apologize to her for disrupting their impromptu date.  I couldn’t find her anywhere. 
I worked my way over to Jarron and Karin.  They had a decent vantage point of the entire first floor.
“Jarron, have you seen Lauren?” I asked.
“Sure, like 45 minutes ago when she left the party…” he told me.
“He didn’t want to go after her.  It looked like she might’ve been crying…” Karin added in frustration.
Jarron shrugged, clearly not interested in getting involved in the female drama.
“Every time I turn around tonight, I’m stirring unintentional trouble,” I said and thanked them for the information. 
Lauren’s number is programmed in my cell.  I hid in the restroom while I called her.
It turns out she thought I was interested in Freddie and upset with her for horning-in on our potential romance.
“I’m so sorry, Lauren.  A couple of my more impatient family members wanted to have a quick conference with him.  That’s all.  Freddie and I are just friends – nothing else,” I whispered.
She and I were both laughing over the miscommunication by the time I hung up the phone.
Freddie looked like someone had just run over his puppy.  I needed to smooth things over with him, too.  That requires some conversation.  So, I went to Momma-C for help.
“Hi, Momma-C…listen, I’ve got a small issue.  I messed things up between my friend, Freddie over there and one of my Cheer Babies.  She’s one of the sweetest girls I know and I think she really likes him.  I created a big misunderstanding and I need to make things right.  But, to do that, I’ve gotta talk to him privately and explain.  I don’t want Poppy Bradwell or Meemaw…”
“Say no more, Baby.  R-daddy and the rest of us have got you covered,” she stated and kissed me on the cheek.
Momma-C and my family gathered around my grandparents.  Once I knew I wouldn’t get busted, I went over to Freddie and asked him to take a walk with me.  Although he was a little shocked by my request after I announced we couldn’t sneak away tonight, he was so dejected that he followed me without question.
I explained the misunderstanding with Lauren and told him that she is coming back to pick him up.
“I’m so sorry.  I’ll run interference with the coach so you two can be alone.  But, you have to promise that you won’t get into trouble,” I stated.
“That’s sorta funny her thinkin’ that you want me.  From the locker room chatter, I thought you and Stick might be together…” he inadvertently revealed.
“So, I’m a locker room subject…” I said, hoping to prompt him into giving up more information.
How can I get everyone to accept that Lyle and I are not a couple, anymore?
“Don’t sweat it about Lauren.  I wasn’t going to make out with her, anymore.  Well, not yet I’m not…” he told me and didn’t elaborate on that either.
“She’s about your age and one of the nicest girls on my squad.  What the two of you do is none of my business.  I’m so sorry I interrupted…” I said, again.
“Really, it’s cool.  But, that parental ambush you set up…well, that was just weird – very informative, but weird.  Your family’s full of characters…”
“There’s an understatement…”
“Thanks…for lookin’ out for me.  I’m gonna use their advice.  But, I’m not as innocent as you think I am.”
“Please, don’t try to prove it.  Let’s just say, I believe you and we’ll leave it at that…”
We had walked down the driveway and back.  Standing on the chancellor’s porch, we didn’t see Lauren yet.  My traveler grandparents were still occupied when we rejoined the party.
Freddie asked me to dance and I agreed.  It was the least I could do to make it up to him.  I motioned to Ember to let her know that I needed a continued Poppy and Meemaw distraction.  I would remain a nervous wreck until Lauren returned to get him.
“You’re lucky.  I always wanted to come from a big family.  You all look real happy in all those pictures in your bedroom…” he said after a few minutes of silence.
“I am…and so are they, when we’re all together.  We’re closer than most people on this planet.”
“Here’s what I don’t get, though.  You and your sisters are pint-sized, but your brothers make professional football players look like dwarfs.  What’s up with that?” he asked comically.
“That, my dear Freddie, is a long, long story.  And, your chariot just arrived.  I’ll say farewell’s for you in atonement for my sins.  You’ve got less than two hours to be back in your dorm room or Nullis will send out a search-and-rescue.  My cover for you ends, there.  Have fun…” I told him.
“But, not too much fun until I call Chelsea and break things off with her.  Tell g-mom and grandma I heard them and I’m doing things the right way.  And, thanks Krista, you’re the best…” he whispered to me while we hugged.
“You can just call me, big sis.  Now, go before we both get busted…” I stated.
Freddie made sure the coast was clear before he excitedly rushed out the door to meet Lauren as I breathed a sigh of relief.  Vowing to speak to no one besides my family for the rest of the evening, I didn’t want to risk messing up anyone’s, anything else…

Chapter Twenty Two

The kids and Scarlett were playing a card game with Kyrann when we got back to the hotel.
Kyrann said hello to everyone and greeted me with a kiss on the forehead before he exited.  Although he claimed to be running late for a meeting with his boss, I assumed that was nothing more than excuse to vanish quickly.  It was nearly 3:30 and to my knowledge, Daddy-Jax is his leader.  And, he’s not going anywhere.
Poppy, Meemaw and Scarlett said their farewells to everyone else and saved me for last.
“Goodnight, Krista…I love you.  Your cheerleading stuff is really cool…” Scarlett said, looked at her parents and stopped talking.
“I’m sorry I fainted during your performance, little one.  I did watch it on the big television replay.  You have quite the knack for acrobatics – just like your cousin, Younger and his bride…” Meemaw stated, but Poppy interrupted her.
“Pricilla, it’s late and we have a long drive ahead of us…” he told her and she silently nodded.
“My enchanting youngest granddaughter, you are a fine and talented traveler girl.  You will do your gypsy husband, proud.  I love you…see you on Sunday at the Warming,” my Poppy stated…his voice was thick with emotion.
I walked them to the door and thanked them for coming.  My family breathed a sigh of relief when the door closed behind them.
My niece and nephews had been patiently waiting their turn.  I made a mad dash for the bed and barely made it in time.  The tickle war was on.  I had to call a truce when pillows started flying.  There were other people in the hotel and we were getting noisy.
The adults were exhausted, but the kids were wired for sound.
Jaysen and Ember were the first to brave the water.  They told the twins to say goodnight.  And that’s when the trouble started.
Luke grabbed one of my legs and his sister grabbed the other.  They said, “…please…mommy and daddy…no” in perfect unison.  Then, they shut their eyes, tightly in reality avoidance.
The handwriting on the wall was visible.  Mikey knew what was coming down the pike and launched a strike of protest before his parents could say or do anything.
My youngest nephew wrapped his little arms around the front of my legs.  Haven and Luke moved over just enough to give him room for attachment.
I was wobbling, trying to regain my balance.
“No daddy, no mommy – don’t take me away from my Auntie KK…pllleeeassseee,” his pitiful appeal was being muffled by my pants.
“There’s no leg room left, but I’m not gonna leave her without protest either…”Quinn stated and managed to squeeze in beside Mikey to embrace my neck.
Losing my fight with gravity, Zander rushed up behind me.  I fell against his chest.  He pushed my body upright and then, Quinn moved enough to allow his arms to encircle me too.
“Sorry, all my moms and dads…but, I’m with them,” Zander revealed his intention and waited to see what would happen.
I was sandwiched in between them.  The adults looked on in horrified amazement.  This is our worst fear being realized.  The children have us at their mercy, collectively.
Although I tried to tell them it’s late and we will see each other in the morning, I couldn’t force the words from my lips.  I am an adult, too.  And, I should provide their parents with some back-up.  Unfortunately, I need my niece and nephews just as much as they need me.  I didn’t want to let them go…in fact, I couldn’t leave them at this point.
Begging with my eyes, I pleaded with someone to do something ‘grown-up’ before I blurted out the truth.
“Daddy-Jax, it appears we’re at an impasse…” R-Daddy revealed, comically.
“No, we are not.  Tray, make it happen…” Daddy-Jax responded and ordered my brother.
Tray used a Tarrish encompass to transport all of us to Sunridge.  We arrived in the large, downstairs den area.  That’s where we would spend the night as a family.
The kids were thrilled with their conquest.  The adults would sleep on air mattresses.  Even though the hotel beds would be more comfortable, none of us minded.
“Pajamas on…dirty clothes go in the hamper…not on the floor,” Willow stated and pointed them to their rooms’ upstairs to get dressed for bed.
“Clean faces, hands, ears and necks before scrubbing your teeth.  And boys, I will know if you just wet your toothbrushes.  Don’t make me have to supervise…” Ember told them.
The boys grumbled and nodded.
“Zander, all the sleeping bags are stored in the front spare room because of your camping trip.  You and Quinn help them…” Momma-C said and we watched Haven, Luke and Mikey assume a pouting formation.
“No, no!  Arms, uncrossed and bottom lips tucked back into their normal positions, now!” Momma-C ordered and the three of them complied as though they were being forced to.
“That’s better.  Haven, Mikey and Luke listen up…I was not suggesting you are too little to get your own things.  I just thought you might like to have a chance to make it back downstairs before your big brothers.
“Zander and Quinn have to take more responsibility because they’re older.  Fun stuff, like getting the first turns to play with Aunt Krista, is for our youngest members.  That’s just one of the many perks of being a little bit younger in a big gypsy family…” Momma-C revealed.
The twins and Mikey were delighted with their newly discovered (and advantageous) status.  They squealed as they hugged Momma-C and smugly, smiled at their older brothers.
“The only question remains is who can accomplish the tasks and get back to Aunt Krista, first.  Hmmm, I wonder which one will be the victor,” Momma-G stated to no one in particular.
The three of them took off running.
Zander and Quinn snickered, before they followed them.
“Mommy-G!  Mommy-G!  How many books can I bring?” Haven shouted from the top of the staircase.
“You may bring only one, apiece.  It’s late…” she responded, loudly.
Rolling her eyes in frustration, she walked to the bottom of the steps, anticipating more commentary from my niece.
“Okay!  But, King Luke A. Mon and Mikey-Biggs can’t bring two and say it’s fair ‘cuz mine’s longer!  Mine’s just got more pictures to look at and not more words to read in it!  You’ll tell ‘em so, if they don’t believe me.  Right, Mommy-G??” Haven yelled, although she didn’t have to.
“One is one, sweetie – no matter the length.  Please, use your indoor voice to tell your brothers and get ready for bed,” Momma-G told her in a normal tone.
“I’m beginnin’ to think…that there’s no way…to refine the shout…outta that little princess,” Grandma Edie told us through snickers.
“Didn’t know we started…workin’ on that again, Edie.  If memory serves…the last time we jointly attempted…the, be a soft-spoken…genteel...young lady…training…we ended up yellin’…louder than her…by the end,” g-mom announced between peals of laughter.
“G-mom, I thought we were…gonna keep…her training overthrow…our female secret!” Ember exclaimed.
We were discussing our plans for tomorrow when I suddenly remembered my commitment.  I reminded everyone that I have a four hour block for my drama team.  I barely got out the words “lead role” and “sold out show” before they moved into action. 
They were looking forward to watching me perform.  I didn’t share their enthusiasm.  But, the cast was counting on me and I couldn’t let them down.
I wouldn’t get a chance to elaborate on any of the details about the musical because Haven bounced into the room well before her brothers.  She smelled like cotton candy from her shimmering body spray.  Even though she delayed herself by demanding a resolution to the equitable book controversy, she has less scrubbing to perform during her nightly routine.  She climbed into my lap to enjoy the spoils of her victory.  I snuggled with her for the longest time, just breathing her in.
My niece was coordinated from the clasps in her hair, all the way down to her slippers.  Haven is the picture image of her daddy.  She has his dark brown hair and crystal blue eye color.  With her petite body frame, long, black lashes and rosy cheeks, she looks like a living, porcelain doll.  She is creative, intelligent and tenderhearted to a fault.  And, she loves dubbing people with nicknames.
I would give anything to hear what she would call me if she were allowed to create a moniker in my honor.  But, her parents will not permit her to call adults anything besides their given names and titles.  Most of the nicknames she invents are designed to build a person’s ego and make them feel better.
Luke was into transformers when she created the best “boy with a hidden robot inside” name on the planet.  She declared ‘King Luke A. Mon’ the Transformer King and reminds him, frequently that all the other hidden boy/girl robots will look to him, so he has to lead by example.
That concept has been drilled into her head from the moment of her birth.  As the oldest, she will eventually be the Ava’shay’s Reigning Queen.  But, Haven didn’t want her brother to feel like he was being excluded from the royal status because he was born second.  So, she calls him, King Luke A. Mon to remind him that he will always be a leader – even if his robot subjects remain in hiding.
Luke and Mikey are often mistaken for the set of twins in our family with their midnight black hair, ocean-colored eyes and strong builds.  And, they both look just like Tray.  But, Mikey is smaller than Haven, at the moment.  Of course, history suggests he will tower over her and Luke within the next five years.  His brother, Quinn shot up five inches over the summer and he gained about twenty pounds.  I barely recognized him when Zander dragged him to me on the football field.  He looked like all the other college students, instead of fourteen.
But, Mikey hasn’t hit a growth spurt yet and he’s sensitive about his size.  Although he keeps up a brave, tough front, he gets his feelings hurt if he believes others perceive him as ‘little’.  According to Tray, Mikey can already defeat Quinn in a well monitored, arm-wrestling match.  I have a feeling Mikey can take down his brother in a fight too, but Willow was present when we were discussing it.  So, Tray carefully censored his fatherly bragging rights about his youngest son, taking into account the gypsy-mommy survival factor.
Haven is extraordinarily perceptive.  She had just turned three when she dubbed her youngest brother, Mikey-Biggs.  He puffs up like a peacock every time she calls him that in public.
My niece and I shared some serious girl talk about a boy in her math class who pulled her pig-tail.  I explained the underlying meaning and she wrinkled her nose.
“I can’t be Muddy-Bow-Snitcher-Bobby’s girlfriend!  He was dressed in an orange shirt and green jeans.  My pink hair-bow wouldn’t match either of those colors.  And, those colors he was puttin’ out there didn’t even match each other.  Super big, color-mixin’ hints don’t work on boys, my Aunt Krista ‘cuz you shoulda seen what he wore the next day!
“And, I couldn’t put the bow back up where it goes until the washing.  Dirty-pawed boys shouldn’t be snitching off bows from clean girl’s hair and messin’ up their outfit.  I told him that too.  I’m pretty sure he didn’t know what snitching means ‘cuz he just spit his tongue out at me when I said it and ran off.  Probably went back to his mud fort to think about it…or look it up on the dirty nin-ner-net.
“Well, I can’t be a party to that silly boy nonsense until I find one that knows how to dress right and can match the other stuff with his shirt or with his pants or with both of them together.  Gotta have the shirt and pants right on before bowing-up can happen – all girls know that from the get-goings!
“Oh, and he can have his mud forts, but he’s gotta play it clean – ya’ know, no mud on hands or faces or ears or hairs.  It can be done, I’m sure of it.  I don’t have a dirt-offing, anything when I’m at school.  Mr. Ebsell says little girls can’t bath it up or wash out bows in the playground water fountains.
“He’s big and tall and can match his stuff and stay clean pretendin’ like a man.  But, there’s a big boy hidin’ inside him ‘cuz he’s sided on the side of the dirt.  That’s just like a boy!  He said that water’s for drinkin’.  I told him water’s, water ‘specially when it’s an urgency.  Oh he’s good at no’ing, over and over, but he the why of matter…well, he couldn’t tell me.  So, I just don’t get it.  Why is some water’s not washin’ water when it’s only for the drinkin’?” she informed me and asked, dramatically.
I watched her daddy high-five, Tray – several times.  They don’t have to worry about Haven getting a boyfriend anytime soon.  Fashion-conscience, bow-wearing, ultra-clean six year old boys who can remain dirt free while playing in a mud fort are extinct to my knowledge.  I winked at my brothers’ and snickered.
My two youngest nephews arrived, together.  Haven climbed off of my lap and let them have a turn.  I spent time hugging and talking with each of them.
I also mouthed the word, “thanks…” to Momma-G and Daddy-Jax.  They were sharing their Thursday night ritual time with me and I was grateful.
The kids are accustomed to two family members tucking them into bed on specific evenings.  I am the only one in the family that gets the kids, all to myself during my nighttime rotation.
Each family member decides what they will do with the children to get them ready for bed.  Momma-G and Daddy-Jax have tonight in the rotation.  She reads them stories, first.  And, then he will share one true fabulous adventure, afterwards.
G-mom and Grandma Edie are scheduled for tomorrow night.  Unlike story time with Momma-G and Daddy-Jax, they won’t be doing anything in front of the rest of us.  Their mystery rituals are quickly becoming legends.  They won’t give any of us a hint about their nighttime routine with the kids.  And, oddly enough none of us have been able to pry it out of any of the children either.
When I’m home, I get a regular night in the rotation.  I spend individual time with each of them, working my way from the youngest to the oldest.  Zander always gets more Aunt Krista time than the others because he goes last.  We have managed to keep our extra minutes under-wraps.
The boys wanted to switch books before story time got underway.  Sure enough, they saw Haven’s selection and wanted to choose something longer.
“Papa-Tray, are you mad at me ‘cuz I did girl stuff with Mommy-Willow last Saturday instead of playin’ Freeze Find with the boys??  You forgot me and my nite-nite tuckin’…” my niece accused him with a pouty face.
He scooped her up and playfully tossed her over his shoulder.
“I’ve never been mad at you a single second of your life.  It’s impossible to be angry with my little angel…
“We missed you.  But, it gave your brothers’ a chance to win since you weren’t playing with us.  Quinn was the winner.
“And, let’s get this clear!  I’d never forget, my baby Havey.  I was there, but you’d already fallen over on me…” he told her and I watched him cross his fingers.
“Baby Girl, remember our busy primping night.  We painted nails…did our hair and put together two costumes.  Did you forget the dance we made up for Papa-Tray?  I think we practiced and giggled too much because we both fell asleep…” Willow stated.
“Oh yeah, I just forgot where I put the memory.  Can we still do the “Shaker Dance” for you the next time?” Haven inquired, happy now.
My relieved brother slid her forward, so he could kiss her cheeks and look her in the eyes.
“Sure thing…but, you and Mommy-Willow have to be careful about how much girl-fun you have.  You wore each other, out.  I had to carry her to bed after I tucked you in.  Everyone missed playing Hidden in the Darkness…” Tray told her.
“Don’t forget, I get double bear-hugs and triple kisses next time to make up for your non-tuckin’ last time.  It’s not fair to count the ones I get in my sleep.  Oh, and these I’m getting right now don’t get put in the total either…” she revealed and he agreed.
Tray and Willow always take their turn on the weekend during the school year.  They both play games with the children that get them wound up from excitement.  Willow claims hers are calmer, but we all know that’s a stretch of the truth.
I was happy enough when I went to my bedroom and put on my pajamas.  But, I stopped at the bottom of the steps to observe my family.  Everyone was riveted on Daddy-Jax and his tale, except for Quinn and Zander.
Quinn appeared to be daydreaming because he was smiling, staring at the ceiling.
Zander was typing something into his phone, oblivious to what was happening around him.  He was also lost in a teenage-world of his own.
My eyes filled with tears and there was no way to stop them from falling.  I rushed up the stairs and hid in my bathroom.
Ember was hot on my heels, anxious and concerned.
“What’s wrong, Sissy?  Let me in!  Well, unless you’re busy then, let me in after…” she commanded.
“It’s unlocked…” I told her.
“What’s wrong, my Krista??” she asked as she threw her arms around my neck to comfort me.
“It’s just hard…being so close, but so far away.  I miss everyone and especially, them.  They’re growing and changing.  I can’t get back what I’m missin’…
“And, I want to see all of you, every day and night, too.  But, that doesn’t happen, even if I’m home.  When did we get so busy??” I told her, rambling.
“It snuck up on us, didn’t it?  Ya’ know I had this same meltdown on mom this morning.  Mikey ran through the kitchen.  Mom and I told him to slow down.  But, Quinn forced the issue.  He scooped him up and carried him away.  It suddenly, struck me.  I used to carry Quinn, just like that 24/7.  Now, my own twins don’t even need my help putting on their P.J.’s anymore because they’re old enough to do it alone.  I flipped over some unknown edge.  Then, mom and I both dissolved into tears.
“Quinn hears us and he calls dad to come fix it.  Mikey and dad rush inside, but neither of us know what to say about why we’re crying.  My dad freaks out and Mikey starts bawling, too.  I was feeling guilty for stirring up my parents over something I couldn’t adequately explain…” she revealed.
“We’re just normal females, having a normal reaction…” I announced.
“That’s exactly what I said to mom, too…well, after she calmed down and got dad calmed down that’s what I told her.  But then, I had another meltdown on her over the fact that we are not normal gypsies.  I got upset over both sides of the debate, too.  I swear I’m a full blown psychotic, if ever there was one.  See, if we were typical Ay’sha girls, we wouldn’t have this problem with the kids.  We’d be living together, mothering them all the time and get to see them every minute of the day.  And, that made me feel better until I realized we’d have another ginormous problem to contend with if we were to magically transform into normal gypsies.
“Our husbands, brothers and daddies would be gone for weeks at a time, making money to support us like Poppy Bradwell.  We can’t live without them either.  So, this normal, not-normal gypsy challenge is a no-win situation unless we’re the kids in the equation!” she exclaimed.
“Hear, hear…being a grown-up sucks!  It’s tear-worthy…” I stated in agreement.
We gave ourselves permission to fall apart for ten minutes.  We moved our discussion into my bedroom, left off the light, closed the door and just spilled our troubles.
I expressed how sad it makes me to live without my family and how my heart is ripped to shreds, every day I’m there and not here.  I told her how it feels like a knife to the chest because I inevitably get a reminder of her, or another family member, in some way at least once a day.
She revealed that the same thing happens to her.  We decided that we must be looking for reminders.  Still, there was no comfort in that knowledge.  When we are located in different physical places, it’s like a piece of us is missing. So, we crafted a plan to run away and live like a family of hermits.
Before we started searching for an uninhabited island, I revealed that I would miss my sorority sisters, cheerleading squad and college friends terribly.  I also declared that I would regret not finishing my degree and fully enjoying my on-campus, university life while I was young enough to have it.  So, we temporarily suspended our island search…without nixing the plan, entirely.
Ember revealed how her heart is shattered into a million tiny fragments without her parents.  She is especially close to her dad, because he raised her by himself until she was fifteen.  They share an indescribable bond.  Here lately, she’s been excusing herself to the restroom, secretly calling Command to trans-verse her to Tray’s location.  She hides out and cries for thirty seconds just watching her dad do whatever he happens to be engaged in.
She talked about the twins and how she feels like she’s missing too much of their lives.  Although she does her best to sit down with them for dinner or at least, give them goodnight kisses, it doesn’t always work out for her to do that.
All of the kids have erratic sleeping patterns.  Sometimes, even when she gets home early, it’s too late to see her babies because they are no longer awake.  On those nights, she climbs in bed with them and falls apart until the pillow gets soggy.  Then, she goes into the other one’s bedroom and does the same thing.  She defines the mommy agony as horrific.
My sister saved her biggest stress for last…her husband, Jaysen.
“You’d think my sweet angel honey would be the easiest one for me to keep up with.  We share a marital tether and I can draw on his spirit anytime I want to feel him.  But, it doesn’t feel like enough…especially, these last six weeks when he’s been getting ready to go on his testosterone-fueled vacation.
“We barely get to touch each other.  I don’t know how any of my parents do this…this being physically separated from the person they love because of our daily-thousand commitments.  I’ve talk to mom, Momma-C and Momma-G about ways to help me stay sane without having Jaysen there to hold me.  I really thought they would’ve gotten beyond their struggling and have formed some type of strategy.  But, all of my parents are spiritually married just like we are.  And, it never gets easier…or better.  The pain of our missing spouse evidently gets harder and grows deeper.  The best any of my moms’ had to offer is that it gets easier to hide the pain.
“I’ve managed to keep Jaysen in the dark about how much I’m suffering.  He and I share spiritual marital times…if you get my meaning.  Those just aren’t the same thing as locking our bedroom door and physically holding each other.  I want to be with him…” Ember told me and continued pouring out the emotions for her husband.
Ember is extraordinarily reserved when it comes to the topic of sexual relations.  Her openly spilling so much private information reveals that she is hurting on every level.  I would offer to take over some of her commitments, but I can’t do anything about Jaysen’s.  My sister chairs social committees and does event planning.  I have no idea what my brother does as the High Lord Master.  I have never even thought to ask him…
I made a mental note to find out what I could to help them get some quality, couple alone time together.  Tray and Willow need time, too.  So do, Daddy-Jax and Momma-G…R-daddy and Momma-C…even, Fallon and Reid could spend a few additional, unexpected days together.
That’s it!!  I would enlist the help of g-mom and grandma to give the rest of our married members a well-deserved second honeymoon.  We could plan it for right after the boys get back from vacation and the stressful wedding is over.
I felt like a weight had been lifted from my shoulders.  I might not be able to see my family every day or quit school to move back home, but I can give them a gift they will cherish for a lifetime. 
My mind was racing in a million, excited directions as I mentally worked through the details.
Ember was still sniffling and upset when I told her we needed to get back to the others.  It took a tremendous amount of effort and a long silent prayer for strength, but I managed to keep my surprise a secret from her.
 
Chapter Twenty Three

Tray channeled to make sure my teachers wouldn’t count me as being absent.  I would worry about getting notes and making up my work, later.  All of us were taking the day off to spend together.  The hours flew by too fast.  Much too soon, it was time to leave and get ready for the theater.
Tonight’s performance was a sold-out show, but somehow my family managed to get tickets.  I didn’t have any way to wiggle out of this responsibility.  And, they were thrilled to have time off to come and watch me.  My royal grandparents would also be attending.  So, my nerves were completely frazzled. 
Dinah Lynn was still listed in the program as the star of the show, although the marquee had my name up in lights.
Waiting for my curtain call, I looked through the glossy pages of the program.  Dinah Lynn’s smiling face stared back at me.  I wonder where she is…what happened to her?  Why did she quit so abruptly?
That led me to another worry…Audrey.
Her cousin is still skulking around campus.  I discovered this because I had to swing by my house to pick up an appropriate change of clothes for after the musical.
Becca had been peeking out the window when I came into the living room.
“Ooooo, who are we spying on??” I had asked, quizzically.
“This beat up truck with mudslinging tires, keeps hanging around.  The driver looks like a creepiety-creeper.  I’m gonna call campus security, again…” she had told me.
Lester and one of his friends had been stalking the area.  They had evidently been driving by so frequently that it had put my worrisome sister on high alert.
“Hey Becca, do you know if Dark Matter’s playing anytime soon?” I had asked, while Audrey’s cousin circled around our block for the third time.
“Yeah, they’re having a sneak preview show Monday night…why?  Are we going??” Francie had squealed.
They didn’t bother waiting for me to answer.  My sisters were planning our club outing, by the time I left.
I had dinner arrangements with my family for Monday evening.  The Warming would be over.  And, we would need to assess the damages and successes to see where we stand.  It would also be the last time we would be able to have dinner together, privately until both the wedding and the boys’ vacation are over.
Although it meant leaving my family dinner early, I had scheduled to go see Dante’s band on Monday with my sisters.
I feel compelled to check on Audrey.  Something seems off about that situation.  Lester hasn’t kidnapped her.  He evidently doesn’t know where she’s at either.  I had to force the visions of her unpacked boxes and unmade bed out of my mind when I stepped on stage.
The lights blind us to the crowd, except for the first two rows.  I didn’t see my family, but that was what I expected.  Tray is ultra-aware of his surroundings.  I assumed he selected seats in the back where he would be in a better position to guard my family.
My brothers also know that I will not be performing any dangerous stunts on stage.  So, the strangers in the audience would be their primary focus.
Sadly enough, I never considered the fact that no one in my family knew I could sing.  They have all seen me do gymnastics, twirl a baton and dance – from ballet to country line and everything in between.  And, much to my brothers’ dismay and terror, they have watched me run a makeshift, Parkour course around a city block.  I even shimmied up the side of a building during that obstacle-run while they looked on in abject horror.  But, I never had an occasion to sing for any of them.
I didn’t technically know I had an ability to carry a tune until my freshman year in college.  My sorority sisters dragged me, and all the other pledges, to a Karaoke bar during rush week.  My face was glowing from embarrassment because they managed to pick out the one song in the whole book that I had never heard before.  I had to figure it out as I went along.  But, g-mom had taught me to give my all because a spectacular failure makes a more interesting tale for later.  So, although I started out singing tentatively, I ended strong.
Half-drunken patrons gave me a standing ovation and my sisters demanded an encore.  I didn’t think much of my hidden talent that night.  But, then I took my first drama class and Professor Marcus favors musicals.  So, on a few occasions I have been asked to reveal my inner singer – never as a soloist, though.
Dinah Lynn’s voice rivals any professional I have ever heard.  Compared to her, my singing is shower-quality.  She earned this lead and deserves this spotlight.  But, her vanishing act a few short days before opening night had shoved me right into it.  I kept praying that I wouldn’t miss too many notes or forget too many lines.
Interestingly, I didn’t give my performance quality a second thought on Tuesday, although I had millionaires, politicians and famous people watching me that night.  But, my family is here for this show.  And, they brought my royal grandparents with them.  My theatrical performance will reflect on my Momma-G and her mothering abilities.  Theater skills are considered a refined and dignified pastime for young, royal gypsy ladies.  So, I sang my heart out and delivered my lines like my life hinged on the outcome.
Our troop took the stage five times as the crowd continued to cheer and wouldn’t stop shouting.  When my niece delivered two dozen roses to me on stage, the fans, once again called for an encore.
It didn’t take me long to figure out that Tray is responsible for this over the top theater fan-fest that was occurring.  But, I couldn’t get too angry with him for stirring a commotion.  Haven twirled around and bowed with me.  She was thrilled by the applause and was giggling in the spotlight.
I still couldn’t see Tray, but I gave him the subtle motion to cut it out so I could leave.  The crowd didn’t wind down even when the curtain was drawn for the evening.
“That was fun!  Let’s do it all over again, now that I know the song words’!  I can sing them with you.  Please, my Aunt Krista, whatda ya’ say??” Haven announced and pleaded.
“The expression is, “…the words to the songs.”  And, it’s dinner time, baby…” I exhaustedly explained, trying to distract her.
“Mommy brought snacks if you’re hungry.  I’ll get you one…
“Can you please sing and act it, again – just once, but all the way through.  Fun stuff goes super-fast.
“Papa-Tray, Uncle Reid and daddy said they could persuade everyone to start from the top…just like it’s time for that curtain to fly open.  They said, it’s a nice safe thing and they love the chill-waxing.  They want you to do this all the time instead of hoppin’ around on Jarron and lettin’ him catch you like a flyin’-Frisbee.  That’s what they were whispering about anyway.  Isn’t that excitin’??  They’re gonna help you sing and dance all the time!
“So, pleazzzeeeeee…Aunt Krista…can you make us all happy??” my niece asked and assumed the begging position.
She even had her hands clasped in front of her chest, as she jumped around excitedly.
Creator, help me!!!!
“The stage is only reserved for one time tonight, sorry.  But, we do have another show time scheduled for a do over.  So maybe they can bring you and that way you can see it, again.
“Right now, I need to have a chitty-chat with your Papa-Tray, Uncle Reid and daddy.  Where are they?” I questioned her.
Satisfied that she could convince someone to bring her to my next performance, she led me to my family.  My brothers were hiding their amusement.  They knew how much trouble they were in.  They ducked behind our royal grandparents.  It would provide them a short stay of execution from my sisterly wrath.
They turned Haven into a cheerleading-opposing weapon.  I’m sure she asked for a do-over at my game last night, too.  But, she didn’t mention it and they certainly didn’t suggest it.  That’s playing dirty!  And, I would tell them so…as soon as our royal grandparents’ aren’t watching.

Chapter Twenty Four

My brothers avoided me like they would a leper while we ate a fancy meal in a very upscale restaurant.  I was weary and I needed to use most of my brain power to just keep up with the conversation.  But, I found a creative way to make them sweat my retribution.
Haven had stayed stuck to me like glue.  She was sitting in my lap during most of the meal.  I would intermittently whisper something to her.  My niece would snicker and look over at them like they were the subject of our secret enterprise.
Fearing having their weapon pointed right back at them my brothers would spring a collective channel bribe on me.  Whatever they sent in my direction not only woke me up, but it felt like I had just come from an hour long massage.
Nodding once, I smiled at them in gratitude.  But, I still held Haven and kept up the fun – not wanting to let my brothers off the hook too easily.
I said goodnight to my royal grandparents and thanked them for coming to see my performance.  Although they maintained a certain air of formality, they were as thrilled and as proud of me as Meemaw and Poppy had been last night.  They raved about my singing and acting abilities.
I accepted their praise without dismissal because my Momma-G was beaming.  Her parents complimented her on the fine job she is doing raising me.  She curtsied and blushed, before thanking them.
Because I spent the dinner hour covertly teasing my brothers, I missed most of everything else going on around me.  So, when g-mom called me over to the side for a private chat I wasn’t aware of the brewing trouble.
I handed Haven off to her mommy before I met g-mom in the corner.
“Since when have I become the last person you talk to??  When were you planning on telling me??  Or, am I no longer an important part of your life??” she whispered and I could hear the very evident hurt in her voice.
“You’re not the last person I talk to!  I tell you everything!  I love you, g-mom.  What did I forget to talk to you about??” I responded as tears started flowing, automatically.
 G-mom’s feelings were injured because she didn’t know I could sing.  The other plays they had seen me perform in had no musical numbers with them.  Nobody else in the family had acted surprised by my ability when I started belting out tunes on stage.  So, she naturally assumed that she was the only one who didn’t know I had that talent.  She believed that she was the only parent, in the dark.
Fortunately, my royal grandparents had already made their exit.  They would have been perplexed and would have riddled Momma-G with questions.  But, the words were going to come out, regardless of who might hear them and judge them.
I startled the rest of my family when I turned to them and loudly asked, “Did anyone know I could sing before tonight??”
They shook their heads ‘no’ and stared at me in confusion.  I looked back at my g-mom without explaining my outburst.
“See, g-mommy!  They didn’t know either.  I would never keep anything from you, ever!  You’re my best friend and you mean the world to me.  Nothing happens to me without you knowing about it…nothing!” I exclaimed through my sobs.
Although she tried to sooth me, I couldn’t seem to get control over my emotions.  I held g-mom like she was going to disappear any second.  She realized I needed some time to get it back together.  She excused us and then, asked Daddy-Jax to send us home for a bit.  We needed to spend some time together.
She repeatedly, told me she was sorry for jumping to conclusions.  She even tried to convince me that she had just overreacted.  I refused to accept her apology though because, as far as I was concerned, she didn’t.  Until we joined this family, we only had each other.  I can’t even envision how much it would hurt me if I discovered everyone else in our family knew some secret about her and her life that I didn’t.  I would be injured beyond repair if I thought someone else had taken my place in her heart.
G-mom held me in her lap, rocking and soothing me.  I had inadvertently hurt her feelings.  So it would take me a little longer than usual to calm down.
“There, there…now…I didn’t mean to upset you, sweet little Bunny Baby of mine…” she offered for about the hundredth time.
“My life is an open book for you to read – anytime, you feel like it.  You have the passcodes to my cell phone and computer.  You kept the key on my diary and we even read it together.  I talk to you about everything…and I mean everything…even the little stuff that you’re probably not even interested in hearing.
“I’m close to every member of our family.  But, you, of all people, never have to question which place you hold in my heart.  That’s been well-established through my lifetime and it won’t ever change no matter how many people we add to it…” I revealed to her.
Once I regained my perspective, g-mom shared a brilliant idea with me about a unique gift she needed my help creating.
“I want to get this together by the Warming on Sunday, if at all possible.  I’ll need your help gathering pictures and helping me shove them into that infernal computer program – pow-point…” she said.
“You mean PowerPoint?”
“If that’s the music and picture show we can have up on the screen, then yes.  I kinda borrowed some pictures of your Meemaw and Poppy while I was at their house, visiting.  I didn’t ask, but I’m sure they won’t mind my sticky fingers.  They have so many snapshots, they’ll never miss fifty.
“I can’t swipe anything from the Rhinehart’s without breaking and entering.  So, I sorta procured a source to help me borrow some pics of Dylan’s parents when they were younger.  The snapshots of Scarlett and Dylan were easy-peezy to get.
“I’ve got your Aunt Tabby working on getting her hands on a few others that I need.  And, I have another source that helped me select the right song for our present.  You and I, Bunny Girl, can inject them into the computer, together.  If everything works out like I’m plannin’ then, we can give them the gift on Sunday…” she told me.
“Let me pull out my phone and see what times I have available to inject your pictures, mommy dear…” I offered, comically.
I knew she was aware of the appropriate terminology, but she made the funny comment to make me feel better.  We were both giggling when I pulled out my phone and scheduled in a time to download the pictures for her.
“Oh, speaking of brilliant ideas, I was hoping you and grandma could help me with something.  I want to give the couples in our family an unexpected honeymoon.  Ember was in tears last night because she misses Jaysen.  She was telling me that Willow’s missing Tray the same way, too.  I figured Momma-C and Momma-G are in the same boat, or even worse, with their bio-gypsy families monopolizing all of their time.  I’m sure Reid and Fallon will be thrilled to have additional days to spend together too.
“I thought maybe you, me and Grandma Edie could sorta hold the fort down and take care of the kids.  That’ll give them some alone time.  Here’s the rub though, I don’t exactly know what any of them do…which makes it hard to cover for them…” I stated, honestly.
“I don’t either.  Well, I don’t know much at least.  But, I’m sure your grandma and Kyrann have a good idea of what goes on and how to hold a fort.  And, I could ask that uptight General…what’s his name?”
“Zann…”
“That’s the one…I’ll just ask General Zann to do us a solid and take over the army for a long weekend.  Gives your Daddy-Jax some time to spend with Momma-G without worrying…” g-mom told me.
“Okay, the Ava’shay are taken care of, but how are we gonna get Vaydem coverage?” I asked.
“That’s the question of the hour.  I don’t know anything about their daily ins-and-outs…”
We called grandma to meet with us because her input was necessary.
Grandma Edie initially voiced a passing concern about her kids not taking sufficient time to nurture their marriages’.  But, she didn’t pursue her worry any further than the one comment and a fleeting look of genuine worry.
The three of us spent most of the night plotting and scheming.  They were more excited than I was about perpetrating the ‘honeymoon surprise’.  Before I hit the hay we had most of our strategy worked out.  And, my g-mom was content in the knowledge that she had not lost any piece…of her daughter.
 
Chapter Twenty Five

Cancelling all my previous plans, I decided to devote my Saturday to g-mom.  The rest of our family members had scheduled commitments.  So, it would just be the two of us like old times.
G-mom and I compiled the pictures during the first half of our waking adventure…she still refuses to acknowledge the existence of mornings.
We were drinking sparkling grape juice through straws and toasting each other with a cold Strawberry Pop-Tart when we finished.  We watched our production once, declared it a cinematic masterpiece and took it to BlitZed.  After viewing a trial run, Sebastian stored it in the safe.
Willow’s Mustang was parked in front of my sorority.  So, Momma-C’s family-lookout assumed I was still inside the house.  My sisters figure that I’ve been staying with my family because my door has been locked for the last two nights.
I wanted to take g-mom into my bedroom without getting the third degree from my sisters.  Although we could have called Ava’shay Command to trans-verse us into my bedroom, I knew g-mom would prefer a more stealthy approach.  So, I asked her to concoct a plan to sneak us inside, undetected.
G-mom scoured through our small, community storage shed until she found enough items to create a noisy distraction.  I climbed up on top of the building and waited.  She toppled the box, intentionally making a huge commotion.  Scrambling up to meet me, we waited for my guardians to come rushing over to investigate.  Then, we simply climbed over to the balcony.  Following in her footsteps, we both crawled along the narrow ledge until we reached my window.
My terrified brothers didn’t realize that it was g-mom that taught me how to run Parkour…
The trivial fact that my bedroom was locked up tight wasn’t about to stop us.  G-mom had come prepared with a glasscutter.  She would have the pane replaced for me, later today.
We quietly looked through the clothes in my closet.  I wanted her to see all the gypsy outfits Momma-C and Willow bought me.  Then, we tried on the jewelry, perused my digital photographs and next, we sat on my bed to gossip in hushed tones.
I waited until the last minute before calling Command to trans-verse us to the theater.  I squeaked in with less than a minute to spare.  Professor Marcus shot me a disapproving glance as I raced into the dressing room to get ready.
Other than missing my initial cue to enter the stage, the rest of the performance was perfection.
Grandma Edie, Tray and Haven joined g-mom on the front row.  I knew my brother was pressed for time because he kept eyeing his watch throughout the entire musical.  He was evidently in a massive hurry because he didn’t ask me anything about what was on my agenda this evening.  He would take my niece home after he trans-versed me, g-mom and grandma to my sorority.
Thankfully, none of my sisters were home.  Quickly changing, I called Command and asked for a spiritual ride to the mall where my flash mob had occurred.  I want my two g-moms’ all to myself.  I’ve had to share them all week.  So, I wanted to take g-mom and Grandma Edie out on the town without running into someone I know.
The plan was to hit a Karaoke club packed with strangers.  I wanted to dedicate a few numbers to g-mom.  That way she would get to experience how I found out about my singing ability, the same way I discovered it.
I sang three songs under the guise of “G.M.’s Mystery Bunny”.  G-mom cried the whole time I was singing.
Grandma Edie followed me into the restroom to hug me after I sang my last number.
“That was such a thoughtful gift for a daughter to give to her mom.  This day means so much to her…” she revealed.
I sang some more…we sang…and finally, they sang together.  I was having a ball, when someone unexpectedly sat down beside me.
“Sneaking around in Camp Enemy, I see…” Wally Baxter said with a sly smile.
“More like sneaking away from Camp Rival and taking a break from the spirit week chaos…”
“Awww and here I thought you were on the hunt for more memorabilia…”
“Nah, you can keep what you’ve got…at least, for the time being…” I stated, humorously.
G-mom and Grandma Edie took their bow.  They came over and I introduced them to the quarterback I pranked.
We ordered another round.  Then, g-mom and grandma riddled him with hilarious and semi-embarrassing questions.  He graciously answered most of them, although he was studying the floor while he did it.  We laughed and carried-on for well over an hour.  Then, they sprang a question on him that made me blush.
“Well, ummm, I ummmm, that’s one we’ll have to leave up to the imagination.  It was a pleasure to meet you ladies.  I didn’t mean to intrude on your…” he said, as he got up to leave.
“Not so fast, young man…” g-mom told him and pointed at the seat.
He hesitated and slowly, lowered himself back into the chair.
“Our little girl isn’t the only female in our family that expects exchanges for an evening’s entertainment…” Grandma Edie revealed.
He and I both gasped and waited.
“Show us what you’ve got…” grandma ordered him.
“Yeah, we want to see it…” g-mom commanded.
He and I were both thunderstruck by their brazen request.
“Krista, why don’t you do it with him?” g-mom asked me.
“I’m all for that, Liz!  That’s the perfect exchange…” grandma stated.
“What are you two waiting for?” g-mom inquired while we sat in frozen wonder.
“I hope it’s not Christmas because this club will be closing soon.  We’d like to see you both do it before then.  What do you say?” grandma questioned, but we still were not moving.  “You have to get something on the list…you know, a duet…”
I got so winded from laughing that I nearly threw up.  Wally fell out of his chair in hysterics.  G-mom and grandma fell over too when I finally got out what we were hearing.
As we would soon discover, Wally had been at a sports bar down the street with some of his buddies.  A person recognized me and told him that I was perfectly positioned for him to take some revenge.  He walked down here to see what I was doing.
I didn’t think about seeing LVU players and students when I selected this location.  I must be losing my mind.  Although Wally seemed a little disappointed when I explained precisely why I chose a club a long distance from home, he understood my dilemma.  And, he even offered to sing a duet with me because he couldn’t wiggle out of it.
G-mom and Grandma Edie hugged Wally goodnight and complimented him on his ‘gifted crooning style’.  He didn’t know what crooning meant…I could tell that by his perplexed expression.  So I rescued him by leading him toward the door to make a quick escape.
Even though g-mom and grandma would not have freaked out if I kissed him on the lips, I didn’t want Wally to get the wrong idea about us.  So, I kissed his cheek, thanked him for being a good sport and said goodbye to him.  He gave me a fleeting, intense look before he smiled and left.
“Sooo…spill it,” grandma said, sounding just like one of my sorority sisters.
“Is that the next “Mr. Krista”??” g-mom inquired.
“No!  I’ve had enough football jocks for one college experience.  But, Wally’s ex-girlfriend is right about him.  He’s a nice, likeable boy hidden in a man-sized body…” I explained.
“You noticed the muscles, too?  So, they weren’t figments of our imaginations…” g-mom commented.
“He’s a jock…muscles are required!” I told her.
“So can we assume there’s no chance that we just took a glimpse of your future?” grandma inquired, impishly.
“That’s a safe bet.  I can’t seem to shake the last jock that I ended it with, weeks ago. I’m not about to attach myself to, yet another…” I revealed.
“It’s a shame…you need a guy with big muscles.  He’s gotta be strong as an ox if he’s gonna have a prayer of beating off your brothers…” grandma stated.
“Wally braved them, once already…” I said and then, told them the whole story.  “If things were different, I might have just given a relationship with him a shot.  But, my commitment list is overflowing and romantic socialization doesn’t even appear on it.
“This ‘shakin’ the last jock I dated’ thing is a bigger challenge than I anticipated, too.  Lyle has moved on.  He’s dating a girl named Paris.  But, the rest of my college world can’t seem to make the transition.  They’re obsessed with keeping us mentally affixed to each other.  It’s annoying, but that’s where I’m stuck at the present.”
“Just goes to show why it’s important to make changes, routinely…” g-mom commented, happily.
“Well, there’s an oxymoron if ever I’ve heard one…routine changes, Lizzy…really??” grandma inquired.
An oxymoron, indeed…

Chapter Twenty Six

We arrived back at Momma-C and R-daddy’s hotel suite early Sunday morning.  They were still at home, taking care of some last minute details.
Grandma Edie had a meeting to attend.  We shared farewells and hugs.  Then, g-mom and I curled up in the same bed and took a nap together.  The dark shades were drawn, not even a shadow could be seen.
Although we had a wake-up call set for 3:00 p.m., Momma-C came rushing into our bedroom in a panic.  She opened the curtains and the sun blinded us.  It was only 10:45, but our rest was over.
My dresses for the Warming had been delivered from Boston.  Rubbing my eyes, I walked out into the living room area trying to discover what was happening.  That’s when I ran into a mountain of cardboard.
“I didn’t even need to use this many boxes when I moved into my sorority!!” I exclaimed.
“Well, Shandra did say to expect boxes…” g-mom stated as she stretched.
“But, she didn’t say it would be a moving truck’s worth!” Momma-C announced, incredulously.
“Maybe, some of this is Ember’s or Fallon’s…” g-mom said.
“Nope, it says Krista on all the labels…at least, the ones that I can see,” R-daddy told us.
“We’ll need a week to sort through all of it…” g-mom remarked, humorously.
“We’ve got until 6:00 tonight…” Momma-C revealed the obvious.
“No fears…I’ve accomplished seven days of activities in less time.  We’ll make it,” g-mom told her.
“I think I’ll pop back home.  Zander and I will get ready there.  The one box with both of our outfits is waiting in the lobby.  There’s not enough room in this suite for two additional bodies and all those dresses…” R-daddy comically added.  “We’ll be back in plenty of time to pick you ladies up.”
The boxes were plainly labelled.  We sorted them before we unpackaged anything.  In total, the designer had made me six separate outfits.  Two were for the Warming.  Two more were designed for the royal celebration.  One was to be worn during the Ay’sha Heritage dinner party Grandma Edie was going to hostess.  The last two were marked “Wedding Day” ceremony and “Wedding Day” reception.
Even though we only had two outfits to contend with, it took nearly an hour to get my body into the first dress.  Admiring myself in the full-length mirror, I was sparkling like a sunburst.
“I’m glad I asked R-daddy to rent us limousines with tinted windows.  You would blind the other drivers on the road riding in that spectacular outfit in a convertible…” Momma-C said with a giggle.
Outfit number two had just as many, if not more, gems and jewels.  It also had coins dangling from the fringes on my shirt.  I spun around and listened to them jingle like bells.  This particular outfit had some seriously blinged-out short-shorts to wear underneath it.  I couldn’t seem to stop myself.  I performed two backflips to test out the top.
“Could either of you see my bra??  My brothers won’t know I have on shorts underneath the dress.  They shoved me into Haven-hot-water after Friday’s musical performance.  I’m lookin’ for a little sisterly payback,” I told them, jokingly.
“I could see your pretty pink under-wires.  So, I’m sorta leanin’ towards the no acrobatics in a way too revealing dress.  That’s the kinda payback they might not survive,” g-mom revealed.  
Momma-C nodded and smiled, wordlessly.  She suddenly seemed upset.
“Alright, I’ll give them a pass this one time.  Don’t worry, Momma-C, I won’t do anything you wouldn’t want me to do,” I said, guessing that she might be worried about me pulling a prank in the middle of the Warming.
She shook her head and covered her mouth with her hand, obviously still upset.
So, g-mom changed the subject.
“That fine little Boston dress gal really outdid herself…” g-mom stated.
“I love them, too…” I agreed.
But, Momma-C didn’t make a comment.  Instead, she bolted into the bathroom and locked herself inside.
G-mom and I didn’t know what to make of her reaction.  I didn’t damage the outfit by doing gymnastics.  But, that was the only thing I could come up with.  I’m sure the dress cost plenty.
I was back in my street clothes by the time Momma-C rejoined us.  Prepared to show her that the outfit is fine, she waved her hand to dismiss it.  Her eyes were glassy and red-rimmed.
“I’ve got to go home and get ready, myself.  You look beautiful in those outfits, baby…just amazing.  I love you both.  We’ll be back at 5:00…” she said before she was whisked away.
“A quick swing by Momma-G’s will hopefully help us sort through what’s upset Momma-C’s apple cart…” g-mom said before calling Command and requesting a transport to Momma-G’s location.
This would wind up being a wasted trip because whatever is going on is obviously affecting her, too.
Daddy-Jax was pacing outside their bedroom suite.  He never does well when his wife gets upset.  But, she refuses to talk to him about what has her distraught.  Falling apart, he attempted to get out of g-mom any possible reasons for this dramatic turn of events.  G-mom didn’t have any to give to him.  So, he sent us to Sunridge hoping we might find the answer with R-daddy.
“The most I can get outta Celeste is that her mom is up-in-arms over something.  She’s not planning on telling me, or anyone, what it is.
“Sorry, but I can’t even venture a guess.  It’s not protocol for me to call Priscilla.  She’ll be busy getting Scarlett ready.  It’s hazardous for me to call Brad, out of the blue and start asking questions.  Besides, he might not be clued in right now and I don’t want to be the one to stir the pot…” R-daddy explained.
At a loss, we called Grandma Edie.  She joined us through a hologram after stealing away to the ladies room.
“I need to finish this meeting if at all possible.  What’s up?” she asked.
We did our best to quickly explain what we knew and told her about them being upset.
“Let me call Tabby.  I’ll get back with you in a minute…” Grandma Edie told us.
Five minutes later she reappeared, looking extremely concerned.
“Liz, I might have to join you on this.  The Reigns’ found out Krista performed a lead in a musical and felt slighted because they weren’t invited.
“So, Pricilla called Laurel-Anne and curtly requested that she bring any pictures or videos she might have of her granddaughter’s singing performance.  And, if she would quote, be kind enough to do that, unquote, then…and only then, will Pricilla share hers that they took at Thursday’s game.
“Laurel-Anne got her nose out of joint because no one invited them to come and see Krista cheerleading.  I suppose further discussion revealed we had a luxury skybox with plenty of seating…yada yada,” Grandma Edie stated.
“Well, Gayle and Jax didn’t think they could get to her game at all.  It was a last minute thing for them.  I sorta helped arrange it as a surprise.  They were so disappointed about being left out and not seeing it.  So, I called in a couple of markers from a few poker games.
“It’s not Gayle’s fault.  She didn’t even know she was getting to go.  Surely her mom realizes that she wouldn’t invite them to something she wasn’t going to be at…” g-mom revealed, guiltily.
“I’m in the same boat with Celeste.  She has a standing, previous commitment on Fridays’ that she can’t get out of.  I told Rave to keep it a secret from her because I didn’t know if I could make it work out.  I called in a favor or three, so she could go.  But, I didn’t find out until right before we were leaving for the show that Melody could cover for her.
“Pricilla and Brad were in Boston having Scarlett’s dress fitting, yesterday.  It was an all day and night event from what I can gather.  Shandra is making her wedding gown, along with all the other dresses.  So, they couldn’t make it to the final performance on Saturday, even if we had invited them…” Grandma Edie said.
“Well, I guess the surprise is on us…feels strangely like an egg-type substance…” g-mom stated.
“Yep, our sweet sure enough managed to sour…” Grandma Edie commented.
“Maybe, we could call and explain how…” g-mom said but grandma interrupted her.
“Won’t do a bit of good.  Gypsy grandparents are always looking to out-do each other.  It’s a fierce, and albeit ridiculous, competition.  We can expect both sides to be resentful, even if they do share pictures and stories.  Not a great way to start off this Warming fiasco.
“I don’t know how I’ll do this, but I have to cut this short.  I’ll see if Pricilla or Laurel-Anne might be willing to wave a white flag with my matriarch intervention…” grandma told us.
Her nervous tone made me realize that she didn’t believe any kind of flag would be forthcoming.  And, her meeting can’t go on without her…
“Don’t leave there, grandma.  I’m the source of contention.  If any white flags will be flying, it’s gotta be me getting everyone saluting.  I have a plan to fix this…” I said the lie with confidence.
I had no idea how to make this right.
I didn’t know my immediate family was at my game.  And, honestly I wouldn’t have thought to invite any of my extended gypsy family members, anyway even if I had known about the others being there.
Grandma debated with me, but eventually she capitulated.  She resumed what she was doing.  Somehow, I had persuaded her that I had a plan of action in the works.
G-mom wasn’t convinced of anything.  She waited until we were alone before she reprimanded me for bold-face lying.
“It’s not exactly a lie, g-mom – not really.  I’ll do something to smooth these ruffled feathers.  I promise…” I vowed with one hand up and the other hidden, with my fingers crossed behind my back.

Chapter Twenty Seven

Gypsy families are complicated and keeping up is grueling.  I now, understand why my mommas’ made certain lifestyle choices…why they are so overwhelmed…and why they chose to keep me away from this for as long as possible.
Ay’sha children are constantly placed under a tremendous amount of pressure. From clothes, to actions, to guarding their image…it’s a never ending cycle.  My mommas’ are (for the most part) separated from this consuming pressure.  But, it finally dawns on me that unless they are willing to completely cut themselves off from their families of origin, that this stress will be lifelong.
For Scarlett and Dylan, this overpowering strain is their reality.  They must be desperately in love with each other to be willing to subject themselves to this…this…madness to the millionth power.  I am ready for an extended vacation in a nice padded cell with a complimentary IV drip of whatever “happy mental juice” a doctor could prescribe me.  And, I have only been at this dutiful gypsy daughter thing for a few days.
The two gypsy lovebirds are from families that are opposed to seeing them wed!  That’s insanity…
I would have continued to obsess about their overwhelming ordeal, but I had less than four hours to deal with my own.
Somehow, I have to make amends between my two sets of warring grandparents.  The Rhineharts’, and every other blue blood, will be looking to my royal grandparents for cues on how to behave at the Warming.  If they walk in already feeling slighted, the party could swiftly crumble into an all-out war zone.
“Alright, little girl of mine…I’m gonna let that whopper of an untruth slide for the time being.  I’ve got faith that you’ll figure out something, but you’ll have to solo it.  I’m sorry, but we’re both on our own.
“We’re working on a severe time-crunch and I’ve got some turbulent waters to settle with your two 100% gypsy mommas’.  They can’t show up to hostess in their current mental mindset.  I’ve got about an hour apiece before I have to get dressed…” g-mom revealed.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.  I’m sorry I lied, but grandma was ready to drop everything and…” I tried to explain, but she interrupted me.
“The minutes are ticking, sweet Bunny Baby.  Let’s file guilty explanations in with our other wasted efforts and get moving.
“I’m going to work with your Momma-G, first.  Your Daddy-Jax is in a state of panic.  That’s a very dangerous frame of mind for him to be in. She’s the only one who can level him out…
“Hopefully, I can still those waters and have enough time to smooth the rough patches with your Momma-C, too.  Your R-daddy isn’t prone to panic over Momma-C, but the pressure’s building.  It’s hard to see your soulmate getting repeatedly tossed through the emotional wringer…” she told me. 
“I love you…we’re gonna make it through this…” I replied with as much assurance as I could muster.
She took off to find Momma-G and I paced the room, trying to think of something.  Thirty minutes later, I had a tentative plan that was reliant on too many different people.  Sadly, it was the best I could come up with.
Scarlett and Dylan should be the center of attention tonight at this Warming.  But unfortunately, I need it more than they do – at least, temporarily.  So, the bride and groom-to-be would have to share their limelight for a few minutes or get forcibly shoved out of it.  I don’t have another choice available.
The stage would already be out at Blitzed because of the buffet.  So, that was one problem down.  I decided not to count the ones I’m still facing or I would need g-mom to smooth me out…no time for that.
Using spiritual travelling to arrive at a public place is risky because I can easily get caught “materializing”.  But, I don’t have time to drive around, finish everything, get ready and make it to the venue.  So, anyone who witnesses my surprising arrival will have to just figure out what happened the best way they know how.
Sending a blanket text, I asked my squad to meet me in the gym at 4:00.  I used the terms “urgent” and “emergency” in the message, telling them I’ll have to explain when I get there.  My cell phone was blowing up with replies.  Everyone agreed to meet with me.  My squad would be in a complete panic by the time they arrive, but the details would have to wait.
G-mom used her sources and helped me select four songs.  Then, I had Command trans-verse me to a store where I could download digital Karaoke songs and burn them to a high-quality disk.  I don’t know anything about the sound system at Blitzed, so I needed to come prepared with both.
The five text messages I sent to Audrey were still unanswered.  So, I started dialing her number.  But, it went straight to voicemail.
This can’t be happening!
Desperate to find Dante of Dark Matter, I had Command trans-verse me to the band’s last known address.  But, they are evidently, no longer operating out of the storage facility.  Their unit has been emptied.
I need to get Dante’s permission to use some of his equipment, currently locked up at Blitzed.  So, finding them is imperative.  All bands are possessive about their equipment.  Dark Matter had sacrificed for theirs.  I assume they will be even more tight-fisted about letting me use it.
But, the way I figure it, Dark Matter owes me one for getting their career started.  I don’t normally demand payment for a favor…especially one that the other party didn’t agree to.  Dante didn’t even know I had set things in motion for their massive fan base until after it happened.  Sorry, drummer-boy, but being polite and politically correct is out the proverbial window.  Someone in that band is going to agree to let me use a microphone and their speakers – period.  Otherwise, I will rip down their rising star with extreme prejudice.  I started their climb and I can reverse it…
Feeling powerful, and not to mention desperate, I talked myself into using my diva card if I had to.  But, I have to find them before I can use any type of card.  Because I didn’t know any of the members, I would need to track down Audrey.
“That cellular number you have requested for tracking is either out of service, powered down or the battery is insufficient to operate the device…” was the text message Ava’shay Command sent me.
“Why didn’t I get Dark Minded Dante’s number while I had a chance???” I yelled at the sky in frustration.
Then, I started giggling.  Making up nicknames should be left to the experts – like my niece.  I didn’t know what type of mind Dante has and I shouldn’t be insulting it, regardless.
Plus, I had no reason to have his phone number stored.  What would I have told Audrey about demanding it?
I want your man’s number because I might need to use him later…
I winded myself laughing.
After trans-versing secretly into the restroom at Blitzed, I discovered something terrible.  Mr. Gray has a state of the art, motion sensitive security system that is even wired in the windowless facilities!
The police were on the scene within minutes.  I jetted back to the storage building before being discovered and arrested.  So much for getting into their personnel files and finding some contact info for Dark Matter.
I didn’t know how to get in touch with Nigel Gray or Sebastian Race.  And, I doubted they would give me any of the band’s phone numbers, anyway.  They would probably assume I’m some crazy groupie looking to stalk them like celebrity prey.
Finding Dante and asking for that favor is critical.  Besides not having time to round-up the necessary equipment on my own, I know less than nothing about quality microphones and speakers.  A simple Karaoke/DJ set-up won’t do in this instance either.  The building is huge.  It will be filled to capacity.  And, I need this performance to be better than a concert at an Amphitheater.
The club is going to be filled with gypsies…wall-to-wall…judging eyes…staring right at me…and only me!
Suddenly frantic, I managed to shove aside my overwhelming fear of singing in front of that many people.  I persuaded myself to only cross bridges when I get to them…and, I would remind myself as necessary.
Justifying my breaking-and-entering by blaming the shoddy lock the storage facility kept on their office, I discovered nothing that would help me find Dante.
Next, I went on an all-out mission to locate Audrey.  I managed to find her dad, but he was too drunk to be useful.  Her cousin and his friends were still in county lock-up courtesy of Becca’s call to the police.  She means business when it comes to safety…Tray would applaud her efforts.
Although I didn’t know any of them when I started my search, I ran down Audrey’s friends and acquaintances.  None of them had seen her in days.  And, none of them knew how to get up with Dante.
I turned to my large network, but that wound up a total bust.  I even accidentally created more turmoil for myself when some of my buddies realized that I had an inside connection to Dark Matter.  Then, I was fielding requests for introductions and obtaining autographs.  Everyone wants to be part of the ‘in-crowd’…
My iPhone beeped into infinity with nothing useful on the other end.  Four o’clock was drawing near.  So, I prayed and started searching every place I knew Audrey had been.  The last place I checked was the house she was supposed to have moved into.
Her boxes were sitting on the front porch, damp from a recent rain.  And, they were opened as if someone had been going through them.
“Where’s Audrey?” I demanded as I stormed inside.
“Who’s that? And, who are you??” an unknown girl questioned me, startled.
“That’s her stuff getting damaged on the porch!” I exclaimed without telling her my name.
“One of the other guys moved those boxes out there, not me.  I’m starting to rethink this living situation.  Like I’ve told everyone else who’s been searching for that girl, what’s her name, I didn’t meet her.  She never slept in the bed or stayed a night, if the rumors are in any way accurate.  I don’t know and I don’t care to know.
“Don’t take this wrong, but to my knowledge, we live our separate lives in this house.  I don’t even know the guy’s name I paid my rent to.  But, I’m asking for my security deposit back the next time I see him,” she offered and stormed off the same way I arrived.
 It wouldn’t do any good to follow her.  She didn’t know anything helpful.  And, my alarm sounded.  Without bothering to look around, I sent Command a request to trans-verse me to my school’s gymnasium.
Placing my Audrey worries on the back burner, I went in to meet my squad.  As suspected, my Cheer Babies were frantic from my request.  They bombarded me with inquiries.
“Quiet down and I’ll explain.  I need to ask a huge, massive, astronomically big favor of each of you.  Before you answer, I want everyone to know that I won’t be mad if one or all of you say “no”.  In fact, we’re gonna vote by secret ballot because I don’t want anyone to feel pressured.  I’m stuck in a horrible situation and I need your help to get out of it.
“My family’s in town for an engagement party.  I’m a gypsy, as I’m sure you all realize.  That’s why I’ve changed my appearance, etcetera.  Gypsy families are incredibly large.  I’ve just met some of my extended family members this last week and the intros just keep on coming.
“A few of them arrived earlier in the week and they got an invite to our game.  But, others of them didn’t.  You all know how difficult it was to find tickets and I’m talking about a large, large number of family members.
“At any rate, those members who didn’t get tickets were offended.  If any of you have difficult family members then, you’ll be sympathetic.  I didn’t know that anyone in my family was coming.  Or, I could have had Zack pull some tickets out of his top hat or just let them in through the locker room entrance.  That’s a sidetrack…sorry.  The game’s over and I’ve got what I’ve got for the fallout.
“So, here comes the favor.  I know we’ve been working exclusively on our regional routine the last month.  And, we haven’t been practicing for anything else really.  We’re on break and I promised you could all have a full week off and I’m interrupting it…” I rambled.
“Hey C.B.C., don’t mean to interrupt whatever it is you’re saying, but the favor is…” Will stated, cutting to the chase for me.
“Sorry, again.  This is a lot to ask.  I was wondering if you, and the rest of the squad, would be willing to perform our national’s routine tonight, around nine tonight…” I said and held my breath in anticipation.
“You mean ‘regional’s’, right?” Z.Z. asked.
“No, I do mean nationals,” I replied.
“National’s…national’s…as in this year’s nationals’??” Piper questioned, astounded by my request.
“Yes, I want us to perform this year’s national routine.  I need to do something spectacular to appease my slighted family members.  A routine that no one on earth has seen before should do the trick.
“This is something I’ve never revealed, but my routines are all structured with heavy gypsy influences.  This year’s national routine has a bunch of steps and sequences that will be familiar to my family, both immediate and extended.
“I incorporate those moves because frankly, it makes me feel like they are cheering with me.  I’m close to all of them and I miss them, tremendously.  Now, you all know my secret to choreographing a championship winning routine…” I revealed, sharing my personal life out of necessity.
“So, you’re saying you’ve been secretly turning us into cheerleading gypsies?” Tess asked me and I couldn’t read her facial expression.
“In a way, yes…”
“Gyp-zzzeees have got style, squared and perfected.  Woo-wee, you think I’m about to be missin’ out on that fashion show?  I’m so in, I’m already there…” Zahara declared.
“Thanks, Z.Z..  But, like I said, we aren’t going to vote vocally or through a show of hands.  This is a massive scale favor I’m asking.  If anyone wants to decline then, I promise I will understand.  I won’t try to persuade you to change your minds either.  I’m hoping, even if we decide not to perform nationals, that you will all, at least consider performing our regional routine again.  Only my two sets of grandparents will be allowed to video the performance, no matter what.  I can promise that they won’t share it on websites or with anyone else, at all until after the actual competition.
“We’ll be taking the stage at Blitzed.  After our one performance, whichever one, you can all stay for the party.  You can even invite one guest, each.  But, they won’t be able to get in until we leave the stage because you will have to accompany them.  Guests should be eighteen or older, please.  Any underage partiers will get a wristband.  No minors drinking alcohol – period.  I.D.’s are required.
“The food will be gone by the time your guests arrive.  The buffet is getting put away at 8:30 because we need the space.  But, squad members are welcome to arrive when it starts at 6:00.  Just remember, save the big eating and drinking for after our performance.  The caterers will have to-go containers if you want to save something for later.
“It goes without saying that no one should consume a drop of alcohol until after we’re finished, too.  The aerials are very dangerous.  But, don’t worry about missing out on the party.  The free bars will be open until 2:00…” I started to reveal the details and Jarron raised his hand to ask a question.
“Did you say free and bars, as in no cost, plural??”
“Yes.  Remember when I said I have a large family…I meant it.  The DC Strip will be blocked off tonight to accommodate us.  You will each get a pass and I will give you one guest pass to deliver after we perform.  You can hop clubs at your leisure.  But, it’s safe to assume the police will be parked at both ends of the Strip waiting to fill a year’s quota in one night.  Don’t drive intoxicated!  If you skirt by the police, just remember, I have eyes everywhere.  I will find out if you put yourself and others in danger.  I will get any of you a safe ride.  So, come find me.  I’ll be staying at Blitzed for the duration.
“Also, gypsies are rowdy, prone to bragging and starting fights.  Please, walk off if anyone says something that rubs you the wrong way.  If you choose not to, or the alcohol chooses for you, expect to be escorted off premises and not so, nicely.  You can text me for a ride, but don’t expect me to get you back in or to pony up bail money, if you wind up in the pokey…” I warned them.
“Any chance Ice Man will be that escort??” Drevaugh asked me.
“An excellent chance, because party or no, he’s still the head of GZ security…”
I answered several more questions, told everyone the dress codes and offered a few additional warnings.
“You’ll notice the voting cards have boxes to check.  No jokes about feeling like middle schoolers.  Everyone has the same black ink pen and I want everyone to mark the ballot with an “X” so no one can tell who marked, what.
“I’m sorry I’m not giving you that break.  And, I’m sorry for asking for such a large and impromptu favor.  Oh, and if you feel like we’re not ready to perform our national routine, check no to doing…” I offered guiltily before Jarron, ever so politely, covered my mouth and escorted me outside the gym.
“Really, C.B.C.…you’ve gotta learn to chill at some point.  It’s a favor you’re asking for…not a prison sentence you’re deliverin’.  And, any party invite that includes free booze should more than balance the scales…” Jarron stated.
“Go!  I’ll hush and let you fill out your card…”
“I’m not checking anything.  You already know who’s got you covered, sis.  But, I will collect the others…” my spotter said.
 He kissed me on the cheek before he went in to collect the ballots.
They voted unanimously to perform our national routine.  I was both happy and severely nervous about their decision.  We haven’t practiced for nationals in over a month.  But, I didn’t have any time left to run through it for a refresher either – not if I want to get myself ready.  And, I didn’t feel right asking them to stay behind and practice without me.  However, my incredible squad would come through for me, yet again…
“We’re gonna change out and practice for a couple of hours.  We’ll stretch…we’ll be ready…” Piper told me before she ran into the locker room.
“Jarron…” I said, preparing to explain.
“I know, you’ve gotta get sandblasted, dipped in hot oil, practice walking around in diamond studded stilts and do whatever torturous else it is that you gypsy girls do to get ready.  I’ll supervise practice and let you know if anything’s shaky.  We’re ready…” he told me.
He and I spend several hours each week working one-on-one.  So, he’s right about us.  Still, I was feeling bad about springing this on them.  And, Jarron read my thoughts.
“Hey, stop that!  Go and listen in on that locker room chatter.  Those girls are more excited than a day-one lottery winner.  I know you’ve been tied up, but this campus has been buzzing about this secret, private party.  The football team’s been employed to work security, but they’re not sharing details…confidentiality agreements.  Your family’s more private than a pack of hermit monks…
“Your invite just put this squad on the university’s social A-list for the duration.  You just made their day…and mine…and Karin’s, too.  She’s already got our outfits in mind...just in case you asked us.
“So, quit it and hit that road running.  Don’t forget your away game outfit.  Can’t have you tumblin’, or me trying to catch you, in that crazy, lumpy get-up you’ll be anchored into this evening.  I know, for sure that you won’t be showing in those plain blue jeans and worn out Chuck’s.  Those would kinda work for me, but I’m not thinkin’ you’d survive your g-mom or grandma, dressed like a mere native in the middle of grand-hoopla central…” he said, comically and ducked into the gym before I could respond.

Chapter Twenty Eight

I was still fielding text messages from the masses when I finally got the one I was waiting for.
“Thank you, Creator…” I stated aloud to my currently empty hotel room.
“D said whatever. Use what you want. Busy, g2g…” Audrey’s text message displayed.
I called her immediately, so I could thank Dante.  But, it went straight to voicemail again.  I left her a message and asked her to forward it to him.  I was in such a rush that I didn’t have time to get irritated by their cold, brush off.  Celebrity status changes people into snobs, quickly.  I made a mental note and filed it for later.  Accepting “whatever” as an affirmative, at least I’m set for this evening.
G-mom arrived with Momma-C and Momma-G.  They all looked stunning.
Although g-mom and I needed to get each other up to speed, we couldn’t talk in front of them.  So, we silenced our phones and texted each other.
“They’re still upset, but they’ll b smilin’ for ur benefit…” g-mom revealed.
“Can you get up with me, Gray or Sebastian when we get there? Or soon after? I’ll fill u in…” I asked her while my mommas were pulling out the pieces of my dress.
She nodded because I had to stop texting when Momma-C and Momma-G attempted to get me into my ‘lovely gypsy contraption’.  We needed guided instructions because it took longer than it did the first go-around to get me dressed.  Fashionably late is not an option for any of us.  Between the three of them and some duct tape, we made record time.
“We had your late evening outfit delivered to Blitzed.  It will be waiting in Mr. Gray’s office.  Find us at about 9:00 and we’ll help you change…” Momma-G told me.
“Oh, you won’t be undressing in his office.  Your g-mom found his hidden camera…” Momma-C stated with a giggle.
“That man’s the epitome of ineptitude, but again, dollars trump brains and savvy, usually…” g-mom said, humorously.
The rest of my family was waiting in the parking lot.  We had transformed into a spritzy, glitzy family of glittering gypsy girlies and boys.  At least, that’s what Haven dubbed us as she twirled in her designer creation.
Our limos pulled up and we stepped out onto the red carpet.  The flashbulbs blinded us from the unknown paparazzi.  None of us are exactly comfortable being exposed and photographed, especially by strangers.  So, I knew the cameras and the movie hype was all, Poppy Bradwell’s doing.
Still, Tray was freaked out beyond his capabilities and he reacted based on instinct.  He convinced the camera operators to snap skyward.
Then, Haven’s lower lip reported for duty.  Papa-Tray lifted the curse instantly and mugged with her for the cameras.
We all had to blink repeatedly to get the sun-streaks to fade.  My niece, however, was thrilled to see those snapshots being displayed on the screen as we walked in.  She squealed and started sub-captioning for the nearby crowd.
“Ah, instant gratification…the world’s best distraction,” Jaysen told Tray.
“That’s actually the only distraction that works with her.  You just got lucky, dad.  Dusty knees will ruin that slick, handsome suit.  No one can bring you down, faster than your Havey-baby…” Ember told him, humorously.
Tray winked and smiled a sideways smile at her.  Everyone knows that Ember can bring her dad to his knees much faster than Haven.  We were all muffling snickers.
My niece was so occupied with the picture show that she didn’t realize she had a Papa-Tray conquest to celebrate.
“Grandmother…grandfather…” we each stated to Momma-G’s parents and either, bowed or curtsied to show our respect.
They were still elegantly dressed.  But, the elegance was mixed with an unmistakable traveler’s flair.  Our designer is a clothing miracle worker!  The rest of the royals’ filed in and it was difficult to tell the traditional gypsies from their blue-blooded counterparts.  The few actual travelers’, who had arrived early, stared in pleasant wonder.
Dylan and his family arrived dressed in an outfitted-compromise.  The groom had more bling on his sport coat, making it obvious that he is the man of the hour.
Everyone applauded for him, even the travelers.  And, we breathed one sigh of relief.
Scarlett will make a late and grand entrance.  This is customary for the Warming.  However, the Ay’sha royals’ are not used to being kept waiting.  Momma-G had already provided us with that warning.  But, we had decided to carefully pick our battles.  And, making excuses for tardiness was low on the priority list.  Still, we couldn’t help becoming nervous because the foreigners to this celebration were comparing the time on their watches.
Haven sat on her daddy’s shoulders, as travelers poured in by the dozens.  All eyes were on the entrance, watching the emerging fashion show with piqued interest.  No one stood out like a sore thumb, although no two people had on anything that looked similar.  What I find amazing is that the travelers don’t compare notes, but they still wind up wearing unique…everything.
Then, the music changed to an entrance theme and my traditional grandparents waltzed in like they owned the place.  They turned once they were at the bottom of the staircase and were beaming with pride.
Scarlett came in and stole the show.  The crowd cheered and applauded like a movie star had just graced us.  Her gown was every bit as elegant as Natrice Rhinehart’s and every bit as traveler as her mom’s.  The blended style was a perfect representation of her new gypsy life.
Dylan was so stunned by his beautiful bride that he dropped his glass.  It shattered, but he didn’t take his eyes off of Scarlett.  Custom dictates that he wait until she dances with her grandfathers’ and dad before he asks for his turn.  Poppy Bradwell and Meemaw Pricilla worked their way over to where we were.  After greeting them in traveler custom, we followed along as Poppy would offer a toast and open the buffet line.
The ice sculptures were still pristine as he lifted a toast in his daughter’s honor.  We could barely hear his words over the noisy din.
I pulled g-mom and my brothers aside once people were lining up to get a plate.  Fifteen minutes later, I was still debating with my older siblings about performing another dangerous routine.  Aggravated more from stress than anything, I finally interrupted their nearly frantic arguments with a gesture.
“Reid, Jaysen and Tray…which one of you can turn back the hands of time??  Or, schedule an impromptu college football game tonight, complete with a full blown crowd and duplicate a twin that looks just like me??” I asked, loudly.
Three identical expressions of irritation swept across their faces.
“So, we’re stuck with what we have.  I’m sure you noticed the looks our grandparents are exchanging.  Momma-C and Momma-G are on the verge of tears and the tension is thick enough to slice.  If any one of you can figure out another way for me to make it up to Momma-G’s parents and Momma-C’s folks, I’m all ears.
“I was forced into that musical lead as an understudy.  I was supposed to be backstage.  That was the single most nerve-wrenching experience of my existence.  And, that theater only holds four hundred warm bodies.  Most of those warm bodies were strangers to me – not judgmental gypsy family members!
“My squad cheers with me, so the limelight is constantly in flux.  Performing that routine, as one in the crowd is the least of my worries.  It’s this, singing four songs, solo on that stage that has my skin crawling in holy terror.
“I’m begging you to find me a way out of doing that before you even think about getting me out of cheerleading!  I’ll show you every girl that gets thrown and dropped and tossed sideways.  You can channel invisible ropes around all of us…for all I care.  Well, you can’t interfere with the weight distributions by holding us with the wind or whatever because the spotters and the ground members will get hurt by the unexpected relief of 100 anticipated pounds.  They’re used to catching and holding their cheerleader.  Her weight is distributed and keeps them stable.
“But, I would rather scrub every toilet in here with my own toothbrush to demonstrate my lacking house cleaning skills, than to sing one song…by myself…in front of a thousand extended family members…on that stage…but, I’d do anything…for my mommas…and it’s all I could…figure out…short…notice,” I stated breathlessly.
I was hyperventilating and crying.  My brothers’ simultaneously channeled and it only calmed me down, a little bit.
“Thanks…I’m…so sorry.  I keep going from…frying pans…into fires…into infernos…and volcanos.  It’s hard being…a gypsy daughter,” I offered, trying to resume some semblance of my cool.
“Being a son is no easy task either.  I have donned intricate, twenty piece ceremonial vestments that have taken me far less time to get into.  I sincerely hope I don’t need to make use of the men’s facilities.  Fallon is the one who got me into this clothing predicament and she is the only one who can get me out of it,” Reid reported, comically.
“Yeah, me too…mine took Willow and a blowtorch.  She tried to convince me that it was only a glue gun, but I’m not buying that con.
“I actually feel like a Las Vegas pimp in this hat.  All I’m missing is the cane and a name with some street cred attached,” Tray offered, humorously.
“Haven can cover you…on the name part at least…” Jaysen added.
“Yes, I can hear her now…callin’ you T-Papa-Pimp-Daddy,” g-mom stated and we all doubled over laughing.
“I shudder to think…of what my daughter will…call me…as your sin city prostitute…my shoes will…get me more attention…on the street than…any other working stiff!” Jaysen made the pun by accident.
My normally reserved brother turned a brilliant shade of red and burst out laughing.
Tray turned purple after he squeaked out the words “…my stiff”.
Reid knocked over a potted plant with a channel from uncontrolled laughter.
G-mom tried to pick it up and forgot about the champagne she was holding.  It spilled all over Jaysen’s shoes.
“So much for…makin’ a livin’ street walkin’…you’ll be stuck to the sidewalk…just standin’, my Stiff Sticky,” Tray sputtered out and we bolted for the closest restrooms.
G-mom and I doubled over in hysterics again when we considered poor Reid stuck in the stall without Fallon to free him.  We had to reapply our makeup, twice.
The levity was badly needed.  I felt a little more confident when we met back in the semi-secluded hallway.
My brothers couldn’t come up with a less dangerous alternative to the cheerleading routine that might appease my wounded, royal grandparents.  However, they were still terrified of us performing it on the limited stage area with no mats.
We were on the same page with that specific concern.  The stage is about two feet shorter than the area we are accustomed to having.  So, I agreed to have my aerial performers wear reflective stickers on both shoulders to make them easily identifiable.  My dads’ and my brothers’ would channel safety bindings, but they would not use them for anything except to catch a falling body.
R-daddy would create impact barriers, using the air element below us.  He would also extend the stage with a Vaydem air-interlock if necessary.  The ability to walk on air will freak out my Cheer Babies.  So, if R-daddy is forced to use an extension, Tray will have to convince them that the floor is actually still under their feet.
 We stopped our strategy session long enough to watch Scarlett’s first dance with Dylan.  They are so love struck.  She looks at him like he is the only man on the planet.  He returned her expression with a look of awe.  It’s easy to see how proud he is of his soon-to-be wife.
Although everyone was smiling at the happy couple, I watched two sets of grandparents’ eyeing each other with restrained resentment.  The Rhineharts’ were standing beside my grandfather.  Once this dance is over, they will start paying attention to their surroundings.  Royals were on one side of the floor and the travelers were standing on the other.
I felt the weight land squarely on my shoulders.  I have to overcome my fear and do this for my mommas’.
Finding Nigel Gray was a huge hassle.  He must be a control freak because he was running from club-to-club through the back doors, trying to oversee operations while still remaining hidden.  Basically, he wanted to spy and make sure no one underage was drinking.  Or, at least, that’s what g-mom and I thought he was doing.
We scouted out all his clubs three times before we finally located him right back where we started.
“Stop!!  Don’t you dare go out that door or else!!” g-mom yelled at him and he froze in apparent fear.  “Good, now escort us to your office or someplace private.  We need a couple of minutes then, you can go back to your marathon sprint.”
Gray wasn’t happy about being delayed.  So, he opened the closest door and nervously, tapped his foot while I was talking.  I displayed the message from Audrey.
“You need a legally signed waiver to touch Dark Matter’s equipment.  A text message won’t do.  Dante knows the policy, but that supposed girlfriend doesn’t…” he told me after he read the dialogue.
Realizing we weren’t going to let him go that easily, he sighed loudly and used his cell to text Dante.  He received what I thought was a reply, but I was obviously mistaken.
“Sorry, lil’ Philly.  Now, I’m…” he attempted to say while I panicked.
“You’ll find my little Philly girl a microphone and some speakers.  That’s what you were going to say…right?” g-mom asked.
“I’ll see if Ice Man can locate…” he tried again to make an escape.
“Oh no no!  This requires an influential man in a powerful position to make it happen.  I’ll need you to whip out your mighty prowess and impress me with it!
“I want you to produce professional quality microphones…about five will make me feel comfortable – in case we have an unforeseen problem.  You realize I’ll never get enough of watching you wield your…authority.
“OOOoooo yeah and you’re gonna get us the person that runs the board with the knobs and whistles.  So, we don’t break something or get that nasty feedback.  And, I’ll bet you can have Sebastian set-up some really, really big speakers…” g-mom coaxed, seductively.
She was caressing his scrawny chest like he was Mr. Universe…feeding his ego.  I bit my lower lip to contain my giggles.  I also kept a sharp lookout for any male family member.  Although she has never done anything X-rated, I have witnessed my g-mom get us out of hot water by using various tawdry tactics.  So, her stroke-fest was nothing new to me.
It normally takes some additional leverage…like making ‘he-man heroic’ compliments in front of other men before her victim will finally take the bait.  But, Nigel Gray swallowed the hook and the sinker, already.
“Let me make a couple of calls and wow you.  Stand right there and you can watch me…” he offered as he covered her hand with his own and flexed his non-existent muscles.
Within minutes a shaggy haired guy named Bruno Ethanos was escorted inside by Sebastian Race.  After introducing us to the lead singer of Wasted Final DaZe, Nigel had him sign a release for us to use his band’s equipment.
I wonder if they chose their name to schmooze their way into a job at G. Z. E…
Ice Man evidently saw something he didn’t like.  He took off into the main part of the club.
Bruno asked me to follow him because he needed someone to help him.
G-mom stayed behind with Mr. Gray.  She winked at me though, happy with her almost effortless conquest.
“It sounds like the floor’s gonna cave in…” I commented nervously.
Thousands of footsteps were stomping on the dance floor, directly above our heads.  I kept looking up, expecting to get crushed to death.
“Yeah, reminds me of artillery fire.  Ice’ll be takin’ care of getting the speakers’ upstairs and wired.
“Here…hold her for me.  That’s my mic, Lucille.  She’s worth a fortune, but you don’t need to sweat it.  Can’t really hurt her unless you slam her into something – don’t do that.
“Kev’s is set for drums’ on the mixer and Harker’s is set for his keyboard.  I’ll make sure they get adjusted for vocals, if either gets used.  How many did you say you need?” Bruno asked, digging through their equipment.
“My mom wants five, ready.  I don’t know why because it’ll be just me, but I’m not gonna argue it out with her.
“Maybe, you can set up all five like a barricade and I can hide behind them when I sing…” I told him wishfully.
“Not much to the flimsy stands, but you’re about the size of an anorexic stick figure.  So, it might work if you sing, standing sideways…” he said, jokingly and resumed his search.
“Thanks for letting me use, your Lucille.  I promise to be gentle with her…” I told him and he mumble, something that sounded like “yummy” under his breath.
It felt ridiculous to personalize a microphone, but he was allowing me to use his expensive equipment.  So, the least I could do is play along with his snuggly inanimate object fantasy.
“That should do it.  Don’t let the love-nicks fool ya’.  Jettie’s mic is ripped…total bad-A…” he declared, handing me a well-used, dinged up microphone to hold.
“I’ll keep it in mind…” I said, not knowing how else to respond.
“Gotta find the cords…you can put those two down if you need to…they get heavy…ya’ know what I’m sayin?”
“I feel safer holding them, if it’s all the same…” I offered, worried that Jettie’s ripped mic might just finish cracking if I place it on any other surface.
“Whatever…” he remarked and it reminded me of Dante.
“I should’ve remembered that Dark Matter’s equipment wouldn’t be here, anymore.  Their stuff must’ve been moved to HaZed for them to practice…” I stated.
I was thinking out loud, more to distract myself from the overhead artillery than anything.
Bruno must have felt obligated to respond, although I didn’t ask him a question.
“Dark Matter…are they friends of yours?”
“Sorta…yes and no.  I’m friends with the drummer’s girlfriend.”
“Ragin’ V.D.’s gotta serious behind the scenes, huh??  That figures…”
“If Dante’s nickname is Ragin’ V.D. and a “serious behind the scenes” refers to a fiancée, then, yes…”
“Might wanna clue your girl in that she should probably go get tested.  Ya’ know what I’m sayin’?”
I actually wanted to know more about what he was saying.  But, Sebastian Race joined us and that ended our conversation for the time being.
“The stage will be ready at 9 sharp…one active performance…four songs, then done?” Ice Man asked me.
“Yes…”
“Waiver?”
“Signed, already…” Bruno informed him.
“This area’s restricted…staff only,” the head of security revealed.
“She’s leavin’…ah, here’s the ones…don’t let Lem use that announcer’s crap with our mixer…give him these…” Bruno stated and handed him five rolled up cords.
Then, he took his and Jettie’s microphones from my hands.
“You can head out, Christie…”
“Krista…” Ice Man corrected him for me.
“Sorry…” Bruno mumbled.
“Thanks again…”
“You’re welcome, kid…break a leg,” he responded and got ready to rub my head.
I ducked and narrowly, missed getting petted.  My hair took over an hour to style.  So, getting a scalp massage isn’t going to happen until after this event ends.
My social slight didn’t even blip on Bruno’s radar.  He went right back to what he was doing.
Sebastian gave me a look that I couldn’t quite decipher.  Smiling at him, I shrugged my shoulders and headed back the same way I came.
Unfortunately, I wasn’t paying enough attention to where I was going when I came down here with Bruno.  Nothing looked familiar and the basement got darker.
I worked my way into a section with lots of rooms.  They were all secured with multiple padlocks.  It gave me the creeps, for some reason.
Three locks on one door is a little in overkill territory, as far as security.  Their restrooms have motion sensors, so I assume their basement is wired with explosives.
Nigel Gray must be really paranoid.  Whatever happens to be locked behind these doors is very valuable…or illegal…or both.
My curiosity was piqued, but I didn’t have time to explore this dimly lit treasure trove and look for wonders.  I would ask g-mom to do some snooping for me and share her findings.
I looked for illuminated exit signs.  I thought all businesses had to have them installed.  But, the only light was the one Bruno was using in his storage cage.  Guess that’s why the basement area is restricted…
Getting turned around in the dark, I finally had to acknowledge that I was lost.
My feet were killing me.  So, I took off my shoes and retraced my steps.  I need Ice Man to guide me out of this dungeon-labyrinth.  I want to leave it more than he wants me to be gone…
“…that’s V.D.  Ya’ know what I’m sayin’?” Bruno asked his favorite question.
Ice Man responded by making a sound.
“D.M.’s equipment is crap.  Christie might as well’ve used a Fisher-Price.  Woulda sounded better…”
“I have no knowledge of Fisher-Price or their band…”
“No man…that’s the name of indestructible baby toys.  Ya’ get it…a fake rubber mic??  Never mind…”
Sebastian might be Tarrish.  Sarcastic jokes are met with a factual or literal response…no laughter included because no understanding was achieved.  I stifled a giggle.
“Speakin’ of chicks and flexible material…her soft hands will be holdin’ my hard, silver Lucille…her sweet red lips…next to the tip…deeee-lish…that’s goin’ straight to Penthouse forums. Ya’ know what I’m sayin’?”
Bruno has one, serious relationship with his microphone, going on.
That thought hit me and I swiftly covered my mouth to prevent the resulting gagging and/or laughing.  What’s up with all the porn references, tonight??
“…girl’s lucky…” was the next thing I heard Bruno say and a small giggle escaped against my will.
No, Big Bruno you’re the lucky one.  My brothers aren’t down here listening.  Talk about a forcible intimate moment between a man and his microphone…
The laughter was going to explode from me any second.  I could feel it.  And, it would have happened too but Ice Man decided to answer all of Bruno’s signature questions.  That’s when curiosity triumphed over comedy.
“No, I do not know what you are saying.  I have no children and detest toys.  You do not live in a penthouse.  The dwelling you inhabit can be barely defined as an apartment.
“I do not know why a person holding a microphone and using it in the manner it was intended, fascinates your male interest.  And, I do not care. 
“I am the party responsible for your ‘tripped out flying’ transport here.  It was not a drug induced journey of the imagination as you surmised in the alley upon arrival.
“I solve problems for Gray.  That is what I do.  He is enamored with these people and one, in particular.  She requested to use Dark Matter’s sub-par equipment.  Gray forwarded the job to me.
“Dante responded that I should “go blow myself”.  I took that as his denial.  Your equipment is the highest quality and your allowance solves the immediate problem.
“Gray will learn of Dante’s childish refusal during our forum after this event concludes.  It will have severe repercussions…”
“I’ll say!  Dark Matter’s crap will hit the pavement as soon as Gray finds a replacement.  Been around long enough myself to know that’s comin’.  The rest of his band’s losin’ their shot, too.  Because if Ragin’ V. D.’s out, so are they.  But, I’m thinkin’ about givin’ B-bone a try on bass.  Whatdaya think?”
“Those you choose to associate with are of no concern to me…”
“That’s what I like about you, Ice Man.  Your nose stays outta any tight, dark spaces, unlike Ragin’ V.D.’s.  Guy’s been suckin’ up to Gray like he’s gonna pop the question…” Bruno commented and laughed.
Ice Man made another noise and the lead singer interpreted his grunt to mean he was in complete agreement.  So, Bruno spent another several minutes digging through his boxes and complaining about how Dante is brownnosing the boss.
Sebastian listened until he was irritated and interrupted Bruno.
“You must have missed my earlier comments and forgotten what your experience accurately predicts.  Gray has one answer he will accept from an employee and you guessed it correctly.  Your prize is a continued paycheck.
“Dante ensured Dark Matter’s engagement with this organization is temporary…” Ice Man stated, clearly hinting that Bruno should drop the subject.
The lead singer of Wasted Final DaZe is definitely not into conversational subtleties.
“Temp employment won’t be his only short term worry.  Ragin’ V.D.’s been nailin’ anything that asks for his autograph.  He even hooked up with that active STD chick…Tamra…Tamlee…it’s Tam something.  I’m not good with names.  The girl’s a freak in the sack, but he’s gotta be brain damaged to do her sleeveless in front of his other groupies with HIV.
“Word on the street says he’s got his serious woman joinin’ with them.  That’s probably why he blew off your order to get here tonight and pull out his crap for Christie.  But, no matter how many honeys I’m cranking at one time, I’ve got enough sense to know if Gray says jump, to come runnin’.  See, I even skipped my socks and skivvies…
“If this Christie chick wants to use my Johnson to sing into, I’ll slice it off and hand it to her.  I’m not about to lose my house show gig over some girl borrowing Lucille and friends.  Ya’ know what I’m sayin’??”

Chapter Twenty Nine

Bruno might have the story all wrong…or, he might just be spreading rumors.  After all, I never said Dante’s fiancée is happily and willingly sleeping with him and other girls.  That’s what he read into it and his supposition.
Even if Bruno is telling the truth about Dante having risky sex with multiple partners, I can’t do anything about it this evening.  I’ve got a date coming up with Lucille and I have been away from the party for too long already.
My mommas’ will be worriedly looking for me.  And, I don’t want them to find out what I’m up to.
Grandma Edie will also be arriving soon.  I have to be with my family when she makes her entrance.
So I got lost again before making a huge commotion.  The echo hadn’t faded before Sebastian came to my rescue.
“Where’s the hidden exit?” I inquired.
He wordlessly led me out of the basement and escorted me back to the main part of the club.
I cringed when I saw Grandma Edie already shaking hands and giving out hugs.  I ran over and joined the rest of our family members.  She steadily worked her way to me.
“Hi grandma, you look completely unreal!” I exclaimed.
That wasn’t what I had planned to say, but that was all my mind could come up with.  Attempting to reconcile her appearance now and what she looks like normally, I was suddenly reeling.  I reached out and touched her face to make sure it was my Grandma Edie standing in front of me.
“Your R-daddy isn’t the only one who can pull off a convincing disguise…huh, Little KK?” she whispered in my ear.
That is my grandma in the flesh!
“I…love you…you’re…stunning,” I declared, but that isn’t a sufficient adjective to describe her transformation.
She stood taller…
Her eyes were bluer than the bluest-blue in all of creation.
She looked younger…but so much older and years beyond wiser.
Her spirit is somehow…softer…but her soul is stern and resolved.
A thousand emotions flooded into me all at once.  And, I couldn’t describe any of them.  They are too big and bold.  I can’t humanly handle feeling them.
I’m going to break on the inside…
My grandma is an indomitable…gypsy…matriarch.  And, I can feel her indescribable power.  My legs turned into rubber as I experienced her awesome spiritual gifts for the first time in my life.
“SSSsshhhhhh…my beautiful baby girl…calm down for me…everything’s fine.  Let’s move over to the side a few steps.  Don’t worry, I’ve got you…” she offered her soothing words in her own voice as she gracefully dragged my lifeless body in her arms.
Breathless and overcome, I fought to bring myself back to this reality.
“Where have I gone??” I mentally shouted because my voice was more useless than my legs.
“You’re right here with me…” she whispered a response.
Struggling against the emotional overload (and the ESP type conversation it appears that she and I are having), I feel like I am choking.
“You’re breathing fine.  Don’t push against the inevitable.  I’ll hold you until you’re able to handle it…” she told me.
“It?? What ‘it’?? Am I having a psychotic break in front of everyone??  Is that the ‘inevitable it’ that I’m having??” I thought to my grandma.
And her ESP ability held strong!
“No, you’re standing in a perfectly appropriate position.  You appear mentally healthy because you are.  No one can see inside you, Baby – they don’t know what’s happening.  To them, it looks as though you and I are sharing a particularly special moment.  And, that’s exactly what we’re doing.  They’ve backed away to give us some privacy,” she casually responded like we have a telepathic conversation on a daily basis.
“This…can’t…be…happenin’!”  I declared between pants, in my mind.
“I’ll give ya’ that it’s not the most opportune moment, but it’s happening regardless.  I’m sorry I couldn’t give you any warning.  I didn’t know how you would respond.  This is a small taste of what Liz felt right after she became my sister in spirit.  She was safe inside the Arboretum and had time to adjust.  Plus, she’s incredibly stubborn about everything.  So, the uncontrollable emotions only made her falter for a couple of seconds.  Not even something like this can get the better of her…” grandma stated the obvious and I felt her softly laughing.
“I’ve been…tryin’ to find…a stronger word…for stubborn to describe…g-mom.  It’s too…tame.  Now, I’ve gotta…find a way to describe…my grandma’s clairvoyant skills…she uses on the living…well, barely living, but still…” I offered the levity in hopes of spinning myself back down.
“G-mom and I have plowed through a hundred new realms, already.  There’s no passable word to describe her level of “stubborn”…and I’ve searched, really hard.
“Let me share a little known fact that you haven’t discovered, for some odd reason.  When compared, you make her level of obstinacy look more like a mild state of a changeable mind set.  I swear…I’ve asked Liz several thousand times why she didn’t name you, Tenacity Insistence Stewart.  I’m completely serious.  I’ve watched you both in action.
“Can’t wait to hear…what she said…”
“She says, ‘…what and give the world a head’s up about what lies ahead?  I hardly think so, Emmy.  They can’t see below that surface any more than I can.  Watching the courageous unsuspecting grab that tiny, hidden tiger by the tail keeps me in stitches…’
“That’s the only time Liz calls me Emmy.  Don’t tell her this, but that’s the real reason I ask her so often.  I love to hear her call me that name…” she said in a sentimental tone.
I knew there was a story behind it.  And, I really, really want to hear it.  But, I don’t feel right asking my grandma to explain.  That’s an invasion into her private…
“See what I’m saying, Little Tiger??  You get the shock of your life and within less than five minutes, you’re worrying over me…”
“Can’t help myself…I love you…”
“And, my infinite love for you can go without saying but it never will…”
“What’s happening to me?”
“You’re getting proof positive…you’re my daughter.  That “it” you’re feeling is a spiritual exchange of sorts.  Your sisters don’t feel my matriarch’s soul like you do.  They’ve become more or less immune to the vibration through exposure…channeling, rituals and other spiritual things dulls the effect…”
“So, do the people on the front row need a splash zone warning?”
“No…you’re in no danger of imploding or exploding.  When the Creator decides to make a little, additional space inside your spirit, you just have to hold on to something until he’s finished the renovation…
“Severe understatement…”
“Typically is when the Maker’s involved.  It’s kinda like your unsuccessful quest to find a stronger word to describe g-mom’s stubborn.  We have to use the terms we know and accept that they never satisfactorily convey the truth of the situation.
“And, my name “Edie” keeps me close to the other half of my soul, Lukas…that’s what he chose for me.  “Emmy” keeps me close to someone else.  One day, I promise to share that story with you.  But, you’re getting close to being settled and you’ve got things to do.
“I know you’ve got something up your sleeve.  Just like I’m sure Lizzy has a rabbit lurking in Tray’s hat that she’ll only whip out in case of emergencies.  Let’s hope she doesn’t have to use it…” she offered, comically.
“My legs still feel like rubber…” I informed her as I unsuccessfully attempted to stand without her help.
She pulled me back to her chest and cradled my body.
“I think I’m ready…you can let go…” I thought to her after another couple of minutes.
Grandma Edie smiled at me with her twinkling, unearthly blue-blue eyes.  She is so incredibly beautiful…
“That’s my spirit you’re scoping out.  Now, you can understand why your moms’ are always saying the same thing about you and all our daughters.  Mothers always see their babies from the inside, out…”
“I’ve never seen you like this before…have I?” I asked her, incredulously.
“Sometimes, little girl, we can let our spirit’s rest quietly.  Like when I’m out on adventures with your mommy, Lizzy.  Even when I’m dutifully being the Tarrish Queen, it sleeps.
“But, other times we have to reveal what’s hidden underneath.  Your mommas’, who are also my daughters’ by the way, need their mother’s gypsy spirit tonight.  So the giant awakens to protect my babies from harm.
“Let’s just hope this little fragment in the corner that I’m revealing, is all you get to see this evening.  Otherwise, that splash zone warning won’t be quick enough.  You’ll need to move yourself and our loved ones to the back row swiftly…” she astoundingly offered.

Chapter Thirty

My wobbly leg syndrome would follow me, even after I regained my strength to stand.  Falling over was an ever present danger.  So, I propped myself against the buffet line, made a plate and pretended to eat it.
Then, I handed out rain checks to my string of would-be gypsy partners.  The excuse I used was that my first dances are reserved for family.  This answer would be sufficient, as long as they actually see it happen.
But, what I was capable of doing couldn’t, in any way, be considered dancing.  My family understood my predicament.  So, I leaned on and swayed with my dads’, each of my brothers and my nephews (in descending age order) while I waited for the Creator to finish playing with his ‘Krista silly putty’.  I didn’t see an end in sight, when Mikey led me to the dance floor and I fell against him.
I’m in serious trouble…less than an hour to go until my plan is supposed to get underway.
I’m sure my thoughts would have remained consumed if I had been dancing with anyone else.  But suddenly, something unusual struck me and distracted my mind from my worries.
My youngest nephew stands about waist high to me.  But, he’s holding my body upright during our slow dance like a miniature Sampson!  He hasn’t faltered or struggled with bearing my body weight…not even for an instant.
“Quinn had better be on-guard when the two of you wrestle, again!  You’re solid like a rocky mountain…” I exclaimed without censoring my astonishment.
“You know that I flatted out Quinny in the backyard when he called me ‘Little M’ and dared me to do it??  He told daddy he was just jokin’ about calling me names but a dare is a dare!  You can ask daddy, he made Quinny say it so he could hear it.  He had to say sorry to me even with me sittin’ on him, pinnin’ him to the grass.  Dares are like deals!  Daddy said so…
“Wait, you didn’t tell mommy I flatted Quinny after a dare, did you??” he questioned me, worried.
“Your secret’s safe with me.  My lips are sealed tighter than a bank vault.  But, everyone needs to start calling you Mikey-Tower of Steel-Biggs – including mommy.  Gotta give you something huge for winning that dare because you deserve it, Strong Man.  Would you mind that name change??”
“Nope…I sure wouldn’t!”
“Great, I’ll get our Haven right on it…” I promised and he was beaming.
From the next day forward, everyone would refer to my youngest nephew as Mikey T. S. Biggs.  With the exception of her twin, Haven refused to let anyone else know what the T. S. stood for.  She wanted it to be our little-big secret.
The last of my squad members arrived shortly after 8:00, but I was questioning whether I could pull it off.  My bouts of unsteadiness had become more intermittent.  However, they were still plaguing me.
Ember could feel my apprehension mounting.  She came over and started fretting with me as softly as she could.
“You need to hold off on doing this until later…or maybe, never.  This could be a sign from above that you shouldn’t put your head, body or limbs in danger,” she declared.
“I can’t!  Everyone’s here already and you know why I’m doing it.  Poppy’s been secretly investigating my squad while he’s talking to that man.  They’re dressed just like gypsies, but he knows they’re not.  Eventually, he’ll stop one of them, and they will squeal within seconds under his killer scrutiny.  My surprise will be ruined!” I frantically told her.
“Oh no…you’re right!  I’m on it…” Ember stated.
She ran over to Poppy Bradwell, interrupted his conversation/secret investigation.  She led him to the dance floor.  If anyone can keep him distracted it’s her.  But, that still doesn’t alleviate my real issue.  My anxiety was making me feel even weaker.  I can see all of my parents.  They are standing less than twenty feet from my table, mingling.  But, none of them are looking at me.  I don’t have enough strength to walk over to them to ask for some assistance.
“Creator, I can’t even hold Penthouse Forum Lucille at this point…please help!” I prayed and the answer snuck up behind me.
“She’s been waving at you, like a sugar addict on a weeklong bender since this song started playing.  I told her I’d come over and get you,” Zander said in my ear.
The Wop was playing.  And, sure enough Haven was flapping around, motioning for me to get out on the floor with her…fast.  She loves this song and wants me to dance with her.
“I don’t think…” I started to say.
“That’s the problem with being a grown-up…too easy to rush into the future without bothering to look at what’s right in front of you while you’re getting there.  That’s fun you’re missing.  You do know that?”
“I’m kinda stuck…”
“You said it.  Let’s make a deal.  I’ll help you, if you promise to start living like a kid again…ya’ know, from moment-to-moment…”
“I’ll take that bargain.  But, how…” I started to ask him how he plans to do it.
Ember already clandestinely channeled and nothing happened.
Zander took my hands, interlaced his fingers in mine and crisscrossed them over my heart.  They warmed.  And, the warmth kept building into a sizzling heat.  It was like I had inhaled a flashover fire.  Then, a blizzard collided into it from out of nowhere.  I was so cold I was shivering.  Next, the inner storm simply quieted as my strength was restored.  I felt it double…then, triple…and it kept right on growing.
“I’m stronger than Mikey Biggs!” I exclaimed, startling everyone close by in the process.
“Let’s keep it between us, shall we??  Temporary effect…don’t go picking fights or making dares.  You’ll be back to your same old, same old before we get to the dance floor.
“And, we need to move it, before her lower lip destroys something vital…like Uncle Jaysen,” he offered, comically.
Satisfied that we had joined her for the duration, Haven turned her pouty expression to her Papa-Tray and Mommy-Willow.  They motioned for the others because once Haven is determined to have us all with her, we’re out of options.
My entire family would start living like kids with the rest of us.  So, Jarron would be forced to come over and tap my shoulder to get my attention.  He and I had about three minutes to get changed into our uniforms.
I waited for Ember to distract her daughter and bolted backstage.  My uniform was laid out for me on the bathroom sink.  My girls had to take turns changing in the two stall bathroom.  Mr. Gray’s peeping camera would have to rest for the evening.
Gathering my courage, I waited for the song to end before I would go out and make my announcement.
I gave Lucille a firm squeeze before I walked out on stage.  All eyes were on me until the spotlight illuminated and I was looking right into it.  Then, I was blind to everything.
“Good evening!  I’m so glad each of you could be here and celebrate with my beautiful Aunt Scarlett and her handsome prince, Dylan…” I said and the crowd cheered for the couple.
“We’re gypsies.  So, there are no strangers in the crowd…only family members who we’ve either met, already or will soon meet.  We have two special ladies to thank for bringing our family together as one – gypsies united.  My amazing mommas’ pulled this awesome celebration together.  We need to show them our appreciation…”
My mommas’ stood in the spotlights and the crowd once again, roared with cheers and toasts.  I waited for a lull before resuming.
“But, none of this would be possible without my strong, loving grandparents who guided them into becoming the great women they are…”
The spotlights moved to focus on both sets of my grandparents.  I had planned to announce my mommas’ names’, but the crowd would not cooperate.  They barely heard my strong grandparents’ announcement.  I had to cover my ears as the shouts grew louder than a jet engine in a hanger.  BlitZed didn’t quiet down again, until 9:15.
“For those of you who haven’t met me yet…I’m Krista, the proud granddaughter of his Ay’sha Excellence and Lady Elingston and equally proud to be the granddaughter of travelers Bradwell and Pricilla Reigns.  Although we have all been, only recently acquainted, I have always held them in a special place in my heart for giving me such fine mothers’.
“Priceless gifts are difficult to repay.  So, I hope all four of my grandparents will accept my tokens of appreciation.  I have a gift for each of you.  And, I want to honor my royal grandparents, first because they graciously allowed my traveler grandparents the first two turns to see me…” I announced and motioned for my cheerleaders to join me on the stage.
“My gypsy family, please help me welcome my two year national championship winning cheerleading squad…” I offered and waited for the roaring crowd to finish shouting.  “The gift we are going to perform is for both sets of my grandparents, but is in special honor of my royal grandfather and grandmother.  This routine will not be performed publicly until we compete at nationals in a few weeks.  It has not been seen by anyone outside of our team members until tonight.
“Out of respect, I would ask please, that no one film it, in any way, besides the intended gift recipients – namely, my grandfather, grandmother, Poppy and Meemaw.  Get ready to witness this year’s upcoming, gypsy-inspired, national collegiate championship cheerleading routine…for the first time, ever!”
The music started when I stepped into position.  The crowd’s cheers rivaled any football game we’ve ever worked.  The aerial stunts made them gasp in awe.  Every competition I have choreographed has a gypsy traveler bent and royal Ay’sha flair mixed into it.
So, the routine had some familiar phase for everyone to feel a part of.  The crowd got to see that I am both a true royal and genuine traveler daughter.  And, they also realize that my gypsy heritage is responsible for our winning streak because even our stunts have gypsy-style written all over them.
Normally, my focus is divided between keeping myself safe and worrying about my teammates getting hurt.  I couldn’t see my dads’ and my brothers’ because of the glaring lights.  But, I knew they wouldn’t let anything bad happen.
I was reasonably sure that the routine went off without a hitch.  In the end, it wouldn’t matter if we messed everything up and wound up in a pile of giggling bodies.  My royal grandparents were thrilled.  They were moved to tears from the special routine that was performed in their honor.
They rushed on stage at the end and I saw them coming.  I was still holding strong, one handed and upside down when I asked Jarron to lower me.  My royal grandparents elegantly embraced me and thanked me for my present.  The cameras in the audience, once again resumed their flashing.  My Cheer Babies were shading their eyes and smiling.
I might have been the last one in uniform, but I had to be the first one off stage to get ready for the next half of my present.
G-mom and Grandma Edie motioned for me to come into Mr. Gray’s office.
“Tray blinded this camera while we help you get ready…” g-mom informed me.
“I actually think he fried it…we’ll have to replace it,” grandma added.
“Hurry Baby, you know how antsy a crowd becomes, waiting in anticipation…” g-mom told me as I yanked off my uniform and pulled on my sparkly short-shorts.
“Do we need Shandra?” I asked them.
“She’s been bombarded, handing out fashion advice to the gaggle of gypsy mommies.  We can’t get within twenty feet of her.  She’s tonight’s rock star.  So, let’s hope not…” grandma said.
Willow, Fallon and Ember joined us.  Between the five of them, a massive amount of duct tape and sixteen safety pins I walked out of his office dressed to do this.
My heart was threatening to quit on me.  And, my legs were back to being rubber.  This time though, it was all from nerves and not from any spiritual stretches.
Bruno was waiting for me off-stage to give me some last minute instructions.
“Here’s Lucille!  Remember hold her real close to your mouth – like this.  It’s okay if you get lipstick on her, don’t worry.  I’ll take care of it, later.  Break a leg, Crystal-Lee…” Bruno told me before he placed his fantasy in my hands.
“Thanks…”
Bruno left to go help the sound man run his mixer properly.  The other four microphones were lying on a rolling cart, ready and waiting.  I thought it was silly to have that many backups until I realized how badly my hand was shaking.
Lucille has turned into a vibrator and Bruno just missed it…
That is the nutty thought that passed through my mind.  I had to drop my mic and rush to the restroom.
When I returned to the stage, I was gripping Lucille so hard my knuckles were white.  My new outfit garnered a host of catcalls and appreciative whistles from the single gypsy fellows.
“Thanks gentlemen…I’ll be collecting those issued rain checks after my gifts have been given…” the crowd erupted and this time I didn’t attempt to silence them.
I also gave shout-outs to Scarlett and Dylan for sharing the spotlight with me on their special evening.  I considered thanking each member of my squad and family individually, too.  But, I know everyone wants to get back to partying.  I can’t avoid the inevitable any longer.
I had sung four songs at my musical.  And, that’s how many I have to get through…then, everyone will be even.
“This night is all about unity.  My grandparents have raised fine sons and daughters.  It is through their example that the generations know how to be solid husbands and supportive wives.  So, for the next few minutes, walk with me down memory lane…to the place where their love started.
“This first song is dedicated to my Poppy Bradwell and Meemaw Pricilla.  Thank you for the undying love you’ve shown to each other through the years.  Your children are…everything they are…because of your extraordinary example…” I told them.
I didn’t have much time to rehearse any of my solos.  Fortunately, I knew all four selections to various degrees.  Working totally from memory I sang the song Meemaw Pricilla sang to Poppy Bradwell at their wedding.
My voice was trembling, but I belted out the words and prayed to get through this without making too many mistakes.
My traveler grandparents handed off their camera to Scarlett and stormed the stage.  My Meemaw Pricilla danced with her husband and whispered the words to him.  The crowd’s focus shifted to them and relief swept through me.
I sang a little softer and my voice stopped throwing a vocal tantrum.
Meemaw was crying while they were dancing.  They loved their gift, just as much as the one I honored my royal grandparents with.  They left the stage after taking their bows to the adoring onlookers.
I dedicated the next song to my grandfather and grandmother.  They had three songs performed at their wedding so we had that many to choose from.  But, g-mom felt the song they played for their first dance would be better received by the travelers while still being meaningful to them.
It was an authentic gypsy wedding number that my Momma-G has played for me several times.  But, nerves and words are enemies!
The song was quickly approaching the first line and nothing would come to me.  My face flushed and I prepared to make the sign to cut.  Then, Zander saved me…
My little Boo-bear would come from stage left to sing with me.  He mouthed the words, “…it’s a duet…you can jump in anytime, now” at his first opportunity.  I never knew he could sing!
But, his wasn’t the only reveal in store.  The next song, “I’ll Be There…” was the one I dedicated to my family.  Zander stayed on stage to sing and we were also joined by Quinn.
Every single girl in BlitZed had pushed their way forward when Zander took the stage.  But, they started getting obnoxious and shoving each other out of the way when Quinn joined us.  They were clamoring to take pictures and swooning like the Creator had split himself in two and was performing.
Zander is dashing and soulful.  But, he is also quiet and reserved like R-daddy.  He wasn’t comfortable with the overt gypsy female attention he was getting.  But, Quinn was basking in the spotlight and eating up the hype.
“I’d like to thank all the gorgeous single girls for being here to celebrate with us this evening.  And, all you moms should give yourselves a pat on the back because your gypsy girls are so fine.  Any available beauty that wants to do me the honor of being my partner, come see me when I get back out there…I’ve got ya’ covered,” Quinn smoothly offered.
That’s when the females started pushing and shoving in earnest.  Mothers’ attempted to get in between them, so their arguments wouldn’t turn into a full-scale battle royal.  If Quinn intends to dance with all of those gypsy beauties he better get busy and not plan on sleeping for the next month and a half…
Zander and Quinn gave one final bow before they exited the stage.  I watched Zander hit the back door, fleeing while Quinn crashed through his version of the Pearly Gates on earth.  He rushed into the middle of their collective fan base to start making good on his promise.  Then, I watched his parents frantically, working their way over to him for possible containment.
Poor Tray and Willow…they’re fighting an uphill battle with their handsome oldest boy.
My final number would be dedicated to Scarlett and Dylan.  G-mom helped me pick out the perfect modern love song for their gift.  Unfortunately, it was written for a female voice.  So, no help from my nephews would be forthcoming.
But, I had found my version of paradise…a way to perform outside of the spotlight.  I wasn’t about to leave my dimly lit Mecca without a fight.  I had put myself through enough stress to kill a workhorse, lately.  So, I thought like a kid and improvised.
I called the young couple to the stage.  Dylan tentatively came up on one side and Scarlett shyly came up on the other.  They have already had their one permitted dance at the Warming.  So, they stood far apart and awkwardly waited.  But, that little piece of gypsy social etiquette is not going to stop me.  I’ll bend-and-break whatever rules I need to get through this in one piece.  I’m giving myself this gift and everyone in here can either like it or lump it!
“My gypsy family, please help me welcome to the stage the couple of the hour…” I announced them and the crowd cheered their names.
“This last special song is dedicated to them…their future…their love…and their long, blissful and happy life together.  Dylan and Scarlett…you make your parents and your families…proud.  Here’s to you…” I stated and gave the sound guy the sign to cue the final song.
The young couple was evidently planning on standing like statues throughout.  It would have continued to be the most strained dedication in history, but Haven took a microphone and started singing.
That changed everything…instantly.
My adorable niece led Scarlett over to Dylan by the hand.  Then, she basically shoved them together for a dance.  Protests are futile because “no” is not in Haven’s vocabulary…
Social protocols went sailing out the proverbial window as the crowd fawned over both Haven’s singing and the unexpected dance from Dylan and Scarlett.  Both sets of my grandparents, along with the Rhineharts’ were puffed up like peacocks, lounging in the glory by proxy.
I slipped backstage and wiped some lipstick on to Lucille as a thank you for Bruno.
Silently thanking the Maker, I enjoyed my answered prayer in the darkness.
I truly wonder how g-mom and I ever made it before we found the rest of our family…
I’m glad we won’t have to live without them…ever again.

Chapter Thirty One

“That was the most unselfish and lovely gift a daughter could give to her moms’.  How do we thank you?” Momma-C asked me, softly.
“How indeed, because I am at a loss?  Our youngest daughter, your gift…it is…so…so… meaningful,” Momma-G stated, struggling to find the right words.
“Neither one of you have to do anything to thank me.  I know what you’re both feeling because my heart is closely attached to all my mommies,” I revealed.
Even Quinn stole away from his crazed gypsy beauty fan club long enough to share an embrace with his family and accept their gratitude.
Zander remained hidden in the alley until I found him.
“I was terrified of singing in front of that crowd.  But, I’m even more petrified of dancing with a hundred wifely hopefuls.  I wouldn’t know where to start the sorting process and I don’t want to hurt any girl’s feelings…” he revealed to me.
“I’ll run all the interference I can.  In fact, I’d do practically anything for you this evening.  You, Haven and Quinn saved me, but how’d you…” I started to say and he anticipated the question.
“G-mom the miniature-almighty…”
“I should’ve known she’d do something to assist me while simultaneously doing everything else she was doing.  Someday I’m gonna have time to corner her and make her share how she does that.  It took me all day, and through the first half of this party, just to get those microphones to use…”
“Let’s see.  While you were begging, borrowing or stealing mics, g-mom counseled Momma-G, Daddy-Jax and my mom.  She even had a word with dad because, although he wasn’t showing it, he was upset that Poppy and Meemaw got mom torn up.  It’s stupid…Poppy doesn’t care whether mom is the right person to blame.  He’s used to accusing her and worrying with the truth later – if ever.  He gives me a headache when I’m with him…running cons.  I was sorta shocked you all got back to the room before daybreak with him playing a gypsy game with that mayor…”
“He’s a senator.  And, I was stunned myself…” 
“Didn’t mean to sidetrack on you…where was I?  Oh yeah, g-mom also updated grandma and convinced all of your nephews and your niece to learn one song apiece.  That way they could be part of the “most awesomest, awesome gift that no one else on this whole planet can give them…”
“Luke and Mikey were all for it until they took one look at those squealing girls.  They hid behind grandma, which is exactly what I wished I coulda done.  But, reading between the lines is becoming my specialty of late.  That gift was for mom and Momma-G.  There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for my parents…but, my moms’ especially.  There’s no fear big enough in all the realms put together that woulda kept me from singing on that stage.
“Now, those eager gypsy girls are another story, entirely…”
“Don’t worry…Quinn’s entertaining his and yours and probably some of the other guys’ too!”
“He’s one cool and fearless little dude…”
“And we’re safe calling him one, but Mikey, well…that’s also another story, entirely.”
“I actually believe Mikey Biggs could ‘flat’ his daddy if he had the opportunity.  I think Tray’s gonna test his skills on this trip.  I can’t wait to see the result…”
“If Willow discovers that, you can find me ducking behind grandma upon your return,” I offered.
“If she finds out, Tray won’t have any safe place to hide…not even grandma can stop Willow if she’s motivated and on a protective mommy rampage,” he replied, humorously.
“I’m gonna miss you…and them, while you’re off on vacation.  It’s gonna be a long seven days with no way to contact you,” I told him, thinking about how they don’t take their cell phones.
“I would say you force us to miss you on an everyday basis, but it’s not my turn to make you feel guilty.”
“Thanks, I think!  I’m not looking forward to when it is your turn.  I’ll be saying “goodbye” to college and I’ve worked so hard…” I added, dramatically.
“I’m gonna miss you too…I always do.  I miss you way more than any of the others do, including Ember.  Actually, you can combine all their ‘lonely for Krista’ feelings and it doesn’t come close to defining how much I miss you.
“I’ve never told you that or anyone for that matter.  Dad would tell me it’s one of those true things that should only be thought and not voiced.  But, I’ve already put it out there and I’m not taking it back…”
He looked at me with such an intense gaze that I involuntarily gasped.
“I believe you because we’re in the same situation.  I never planned to share that with you either.  At least you understand why I pester you with nosy text messages about your life on a daily and nightly basis…”
“You’re not pestering me.  I’m really looking forward to getting you back in the nighttime rotation.  Our once-a-week powwows were never enough.  But, now that they’re gone, I realize a little something is better than a lot of nothing…
“Well, I’ve hidden about as long as I dare behind this dumpster.  Guess we better get back inside and start fielding prospects…”
“Not yet!  Please, spend a few minutes with me.  I can’t text you for my daily Boo-bear fix while you’re away – remember?  Just talk…what have you been doing lately?  Who’ve you been dating?  Does she treat you right?” I asked and would have continued but he started answering.
“Normally, I’m scheming with Quinn because he believes I have some power over his mom and all other women that he doesn’t.  He’s fourteen going on thirty…too much gypsy inside him.  Been talking to him since he was born and he’s 97% Ay’sha and his other three heritages get 1% a piece.  If we listen to Quinn, he’s ready to date, marry and parent by the time we get back from our trip.
“Here’s a true something that would terrify everyone in our family and I would only share with you.  Quinn actually is ready to date, marry and be a daddy.  He’s been ready for more than a couple of years, now.  As you know, he’s incredibly responsible but it’s more than that.  Tray started raising Ember when he was about Mikey’s age.  He loved every second of it too.  She was his daughter from word go.  Quinn is every bit his dad’s son.  He parents his younger siblings…even me, sometimes…and he’s really good at it, like Tray.
“Okay, I’ve terrified you sufficiently so what’s next.  I’ve been out on a few dates with a girl named, Kimber Morrey.  Haven calls her K. S. Kimber – stands for kinder and softer – because she’s nicer and quieter than me.  She treats me fine.  But, she’s scared to meet mom and dad.  She calls them the Vaydem Power Couple.  I can’t imagine anyone being scared of my dad.  Mom’s sometimes a force to be reckoned with, but she wouldn’t turn into a gypsy mom unless I asked to get married or something crazy like that.
“Don’t you gimme that look of horror.  I’ve met my one scare limit on you with the… ‘Quinn’s ready for marriage and a family reveal’, remember??  There’s nothing serious between me and Kimber.  I’ve also been out with Denise from down the road and a couple of other girls here and there.  You got the 411 on them already from my text messages.  So, I would be repeating what you already know…”
“You just told me their names and where you went…”
“That’s all there was to tell…”
“It’d better be!  I just found out that none of us can successfully keep a secret from Grandma Edie…”
“It took you this long to figure that out??  I don’t think you’re getting your money’s worth at that college…” he told me, comically.
“That’s what my brothers tell me…”
“You and I are stalling each other…you do realize this, right?”
“Must you point out everything I’m trying to avoid tonight?  Now, we have to go inside and face the overcrowded gypsy population.”
“We’re not stalling because of that.  It’s not that simple.  Here, gimme one of your belly rings and I’ll fix our heart related problem, once and for all…” he stated and held out his hand.
I removed one of my piercing’s that was filled with his essence and gave it to him.  He closed his fist around it and placed it against his chest.  He silently mouthed three lines before he dropped the earring back into my hand.
Although I didn’t see anything happen, the essence was illuminated.  It was sparkling like a sunburst trapped inside a glass bottle.
“Ummm, question for you little Boo-bear of mine.  Will everyone be able to see my lit up mid-section or is this light show for our eyes only?” I questioned him as I slid the ring back through the hole.
“Like your Mikey strength from earlier…it’s a temporary effect.  But, it’ll take a few hours to fade.  Don’t sweat it…no one will notice anything unusual as long as you wear that outfit until the glow goes away…” he said and laughed.
“Tray’s gonna destroy it the instant he can get his hands on it, right?”
“We’ve already made a brotherly pact to use it to start our inaugural campfire this year.  Even I think it’s way too revealing.  And, don’t gimme that I’ve got on shorts underneath it excuse because that’s only flying with our moms’.  That designer didn’t give your brothers’ or your dads’ an inkling of consideration when she patched those tiny squares together and called it your late night outfit…”
“I’ll admit there’s lots of skin showing.  But, I’ll have you all know that I love, love, love this skimpy outfit.  It’s the most remarkable and eye-catching thing I’ve ever put on.  Too bad, I’m not Quinny-minded and ready to run off with a gypsy suitor to start a family.  I could have my pick of the litter in this outfit.  My hubby wouldn’t see any of my flaws until well after my talons were sunk into him…”
“Ya’ don’t say??” he responded, sarcastically.
He gave me a hand to help me stand up.  We needed to rejoin the party.
“By the way, how does a glowing belly-button hoop fix our heart-related problem??”
“You tell me…” he thought to me through a communication tether.
“Please say I’ve gotta think actual words and that you can’t read my mind!” I exclaimed to him, mentally.
“Words are still required for us to have a discussion – no matter which way we choose to converse…”
“Just like Grandma Edie, correct??” I questioned him and crossed my fingers.
“Sorry, but that’s not a ‘tether’ she’s using, Little KK  So, better mind your thinking when she’s close enough to listen to your internal debates!”

Chapter Thirty Two

Gypsies know how to, and really love to, party.  The Warming will be an all-night affair.  The complimentary bar will end at 2:00 in the morning, but the celebration and dancing will carry on until the sun makes an entrance.
My moms were still emotional from our performance.  They were milling through the crowd, seeking out my squad members to thank each of them, personally.
Although I did begin cashing in rain-checks, I was also cautiously watching Poppy and Taft Rhinehart for signs of impending trouble.  I had no idea what I would do if they got into a dispute, but I couldn’t seem to stop spying.
Even when Scarlett came over to see me, I kept them in my line of sight.
“Thank you for my secret gift.  Haven is so cute that my parents couldn’t get upset with me or Dylan.  She kinda suggested that she didn’t get to see our first dance because she’s ver-tic-u-lara-lee challenged.  I know she was on someone’s shoulders because I waved at her.  And, I also know you were the mastermind behind the stage dance because Quinn told me.
“I wish I could marry Dylan and go home with him tonight.  His mom’s been real nice to me and I think she’s gonna be okay with our marriage.  At least, I hope she is.
“I just couldn’t wait!  I gave her the gifts I selected and made my speech.  She almost acted like she was going to cry.  That’s a good sign, don’t ya’ think?” Scarlett asked me.
“Sure, I think that’s a good sign of great things to come.  And, you’re welcome for the secret gift.  I wanted you both to have another chance to be in the limelight…this is your evening.”
 Her words provided me with, yet another consuming worry.  Meemaw was sitting at the same table as Natrice.  But, they were talking to members of their own gypsy persuasion.  I didn’t see any gifts in front of Dylan’s mom.  My Poppy hasn’t offered a toast to the groom or his family yet either.
I thanked my current dance partner and excused myself to the ladies’ room.  I didn’t need to do anything in particular.  So, I counted to fifty and planned to make a beeline for that table.  Those stubborn moms obviously need some help getting a dialogue started.  And, I…
“You are feeling healthier, I see.  Shall we, my lovely youngest daughter?” Daddy-Jax asked me to dance, interrupting my thoughts.
“I would be delighted, daddy…”
“While we are out here together, I would like to ask you for another favor…”
“Anything…”
“Close your eyes and let’s take a trip together.  The party goers are slipping into the background.  The music is playing, quietly.  You are completely relaxed, allowing me to support your body weight.  You have no desire to use your voice to respond to me.  You only wish to listen.  We are now dancing in a world of our own…” he offered, channeled and I felt it happen.
“We have precious few minutes for a father/daughter dance.  And, I want your undivided attention while we share it.  You have made your parents very proud this evening, as always.  We love you from the depths of our souls’.  It is a place you have yet to visit.  Also, and I cannot stress this enough, it is the one space in your heart that your R-daddy and I pray you will wait to unlock until you are much, much, much older.
“We prefer that you have a doctorate or doctorates, if you would rather, from a Vaydem or Ava’shay college.  We further prefer you explore every corner of every intriguing realm and then spend several hundred years with your family beyond earth’s borders before you venture into marriage and parenthood.  Now, our “daddy preferences” are clearly known.  I would also ask that you bear them in mind, when I make our next request.
“You have done more than your fair share of worrying and clearing the air this evening.  You are our only single gypsy daughter.  It is time for you to leave the concerns in your parents’ hands’ and be free to enjoy the festivities with your contemporaries.  I assure you, my beautiful girl, we are quite capable of handling even the worst imaginable scenario you can envision.
“Let me add this.  G-mom has made us aware of the video presentation you and she created.  It has been scheduled at a specific time and is being sufficiently handled.  We will man your phone, in case one of your friends’ requires a safe ride.  You have no further worries.  Your R-daddy and I will take care of everything…including you…” he told me.
Our trip ended and we were back inside BlitZed, dancing.  I wanted to say so many things to him, but my voice was not under my control.  So, I placed my head on his shoulder and let him feel me relax against it.  The song ended, but I wasn’t ready to let him go.  I kept my head right where it was and my eyes firmly closed.  We danced together until the DJ switched to hip-hop.
The caterers had set up a small buffet in a dressing room for me and my squad.  The other members had found it right away, but there was still plenty of food leftover.  My grandparents’ each shared their videos with us.
“We nailed every stunt, perfectly!  Fair warning, my Cheer Baby Captain, we voted and decided we only need three practices a week, from now until the competition…” Jarron revealed, looking over my shoulder.
The few other Cheer Babies in the vicinity banded with him and started begging.
“I don’t remember calling for an election!  But, I’m not interested in mutiny.  So, in honor of my gypsy heritage, let’s make a deal.  I’ll suspend all practices for the next three weeks and we’ll only perform our basic cheers at games.  We’ll spend twenty one glorious days running wild like self-liberated convicts on a mission.  Then, we hit it hard, six days a week and an extra hour on top of our normal practice time on those days…”
In the end, no compromise was necessary and no real bargain took place.  I gave them more than what they demanded.  They got my twenty one offered days of total practice freedom and when we resume, we will cut back to three times a week.  My Cheer Babies were ecstatic that they came out on the winning end of the bargain.  Jarron tossed me skyward to show his appreciation.  His guarding duties and his cheering commitments have both been interfering in his personal life.  I just gave him back time to reestablish his relationship with Karin. 
Little did he know that it was my daddies’ he should be thanking because my generosity was fatherly-generated.  They had zapped me with a channel that makes me more carefree than I would be taking a fistful of Prozac.  My squad could have easily convinced me that practice isn’t necessary, ever, for any reason.
I’m glad they didn’t discover that!
Although I can attribute most of my amazing evening of wonderful freedom to my dads’ channeled gifts, I knew some of the liberated fun was coming from inside me.  I allowed my gypsy girl to take over.  I flirted and giggled with every Ay’sha guy I found interesting.  I ate forbidden foods I haven’t ingested since I started cheerleading.  The sugar rush gave me the jitters and a nasty headache, but I kept right on eating.  I danced with, what felt like, every guy in the building.  Then, I started pulling gypsy males into the club from the street to dance with me, too.  I rarely drink alcohol, but I consumed cocktails until my eyes were floating.
While I unleashed my inner-gypsy and had a ball, I was being closely watched by all the male members of my family.  They would keep me safe, not only from the advances of my enamored suitors, but also from myself.  I actually answered in the affirmative to about eight or nine different marriage proposals because I was so swept up in the moment.  I didn’t know any of their names so I couldn’t be in love with them.  I was gypsy-free and exploring the Ay’sha world both inside and outside of me.
Between the alcohol, a thousand bodies jammed together, and my dancing, I was scorching hot.  My skirt was taped to my skin and pinned to my shorts.  But, I somehow finagled my way out of it – much to my brothers’ horror.  I was dancing in nothing but short-shorts and a mid-rift shirt with gold coins clinking together, dangling from the fringes.  The rest of my outfit, tiara and my high heels were with my moms’…neatly stacked on their table.
I would later learn that my brothers were forced to swear a blood oath that they wouldn’t remove the effects of what my dads’ offered, do and/or channel anything that would interfere in my fun.  They could only intervene if a boy attempted to touch my body or lead me away.  So, they got to stand by helplessly and watch as I stripped down to my short-shorts to cool off while my dance partners cheered me on from a comfortable distance.
I don’t actually remember how I got out of my skirt.  But, I did it with no help from anyone and without removing a single safety pin either.  That’s when my brothers’ put their heads together.  They needed to figure out a way around my parents’ that didn’t violate their sworn promise.  And they did it!!
A wind that was colder than a blizzard surrounded me on the dance floor.  I suddenly went from spinning through the volcanic tropics, to locked and shivering in the deep freeze.  I was so incredibly cold that I completely sobered up.
“Hey, it’s not a channel…just a helpful touch of Vaydem elemental wind…a gift from me and your brothers…” my Boo-bear declared through our tether.
Zander was in on it with Tray, Jaysen and Reid!
Four smiling and extremely satisfied faces were smirking at me from the shadows.  I couldn’t help myself.  I fell over laughing at their sinister and rather ingenious plot.
“I give!  You win!!  I love you all!!!  Now find me something to wear, along with a hat, gloves and a winter coat.  But, no helmets or chastity belts…or…I’ll tell…our mommas’…” I stated between my clattering teeth.
The wind followed my every movement.  And, my dance partners started complaining about the possessed air conditioner in BlitZed.  My brothers randomly high-fived each other and Zander was right there with them – celebrating.
I switched to soda and eventually to water, when my stomach protested my overindulgence.  It wouldn’t have done me any good to keep drinking anyway.  There are evidently no alcoholics living in igloo-friendly environments…
The party was still going strong at 3:30 in the morning.  Small children were sleeping in laps, but no one had left the club.  In fact, it felt like more people had piled in.  I was currently dancing in the middle of my Cheer Babies when g-mom turned on Lucille and started telling everyone to quiet down for a minute.
My squad stopped socializing, instantly.  They were gathering their things and saying goodnight.  I realized they were being encouraged to go home, via channel.  The Warming would be a private “gypsy only” affair from this point on.
G-mom is getting ready to present our gift.  The photographs that will display on the screens are noticeable antiques.  My grandparents mainly live in realms that nearly halt the aging process.  So, although they have aged somewhat, they still look hauntingly identical to the way they appeared on their wedding days’.  My squad would need straightjackets if they happened to see those photos because there is no rational explanation for them.
I went over to sit with my parents’ and siblings to watch the picture show with them.  Grandma Edie pulled me into her lap.  She has no idea that Aunt Tabby helped us and that this gift is partially for her…
“Thank you, baby.  I’ll thank Liz and Tabby, too…” she replied to my thoughts.
“I already forgot you could do that!  I ruined the surprise…” I told her, upset with myself.
“It’s still gonna be a surprise.  You just gave me a small heads-up that I need to be paying close attention…”
“The channels R-daddy and Daddy-Jax’s smacked me with still have my brain slightly befuddled.  Did my great-grandparents make it yet??”
“Speaking of…” she replied and all eyes turned to the entrance.
Grandma Edie’s parents entered the club and a hush fell over the crowd.
Poppy Bradwell took the mic for the first time all night.  He climbed up on the small platform near the hidden stage to announce their arrival.
“We are honored tonight by the presence of Kellum Emory and Breena-Susanne Arroway.  Parents of high Ay’sha matriarch, Embree-Anna Arroway…” he announced.
The men stood up to show their respect.  The women clapped.  And, my Grandma Edie gripped her wedding band and winced from the pain when Poppy neglected to add her married name.
“Welcome to the Reigns’ Family Feast given to celebrate the marriage of our daughter, Scarlett Rosalee to Dylan Sheffield Rhinehart, oldest son of the royal Dom Taft Dylan Rhinehart.  Thank you for accepting our invitation to join us in a traditional kindred Warming…”
My great-grandfather acknowledged his words by nodding.  My great-grandmother also nodded and looked down, demurely.
“I love you, grandma…we’re gonna get through this,” I said in my thoughts and she pulled me closer to her.
My dads’ completely withdrew their channels to me, so I would be coherent.  G-mom climbed up and stood beside Poppy on the platform.  The rest of us were sitting in a tight huddle, as one united family.  We were bracing for whatever might happen next.
Then, g-mom would break the ice like only she can…
“Thank heavens, you two made it just in time to see it!  We’ve got seats saved for you, right down in front because that’s where honored guests typically park it.  You folks move it over…you’re about to get company.
“That’s right, Kellum was it, and Breely-Sue, don’t be shy.  Just comon’ down…the seats are nice and toasty.  Groom-daddy Taft, be a dear heart and get them a drink.  Or better yet, pop the cork on that rare bottle of champagne I’ve got chilling behind the counter.  Was saving it for a breather afterwards, but I’m all about sharing it with the parents of her mighty greatness – Edie Quinton.  Never met a better person and I’ve made the acquaintance of lots of people.  The parental couple of the hour has finally graced us and that’s cause for something intoxicatingly bubbly.  Wouldn’t you all agree??” g-mom inquired and looked at the crowd, expectantly.
Puzzled, but feeling the social pressure they cheered again.
“We’ll hold our glasses ‘til the end of the movie.  Once it’s over, I’ll let Bradwell raise that toast to the fine young couple celebrating those nuptials.  Bride Daddy Brad’s been keeping those sentiments close to the vest, waiting on you fine folks to arrive.
“I’m ready…you’re ready…we’re all ready to get this show on the road.  So, hang on to your hats, gents and ladies, hang on to your honeys.  As our family proudly presents an unfolding mystery like nothing you’ve ever witnessed…” g-mom declared, perplexing everyone in the crowd in the process.
She’s using her own, really good advice.  G-mom complimented grandma’s parents.  She manipulated Poppy into offering his toast, forcing the issue.  She even gave the crowd an excuse for why he hasn’t done it yet.  She didn’t introduce herself, but everyone assumes my great-grandparents know all about her.  That means she is someone they should know, too.  Pretending is their only option until they can figure out what family she represents.
Ha-ha Poppy Con Dom you just got bested by perplexing g-mom-speak…
Grandma Edie buried her head in my hair, trying to muffle her laughter as she listened in on my loony thoughts… 
G-mom turned off the microphone and took it with her.  She had a glass of champagne in one hand and Lucille in the other when she happily wedged herself in between grandma’s parents.  My whole family started snickering. 
Aunt Tabby picked out the music for the movie.  She said it was a special dedication for grandma from Lukas.  I recognized the song.  It’s a modern recording called “One Step”.  G-mom was concerned because she knew it wasn’t played at their wedding or even an anniversary celebration.  But, Aunt Tabby promised us that Grandma Edie would get the message and know precisely how she got it.
Screens around the club lit up as the PowerPoint started.  Pictures of Poppy and Meemaw’s wedding faded into photos of Taft and Natrice Rhinehart at the altar exchanging vows.  Both couples got to see slides of their wedding receptions’ and various anniversary festivities.  The two celebrations were not so different.
Then, the pictures scrolled to Grandma Edie on the day she married Grandpa Lukas.
The first was a close up of his happy face.  It reveals just how handsome he was.  Lukas Quinton stood larger-than-life.  His chiseled features defy description.
I only saw these pictures on the small computer screen.  They didn’t do him justice and they certainly didn’t look like they look now!
I leaned forward as if that would give me a better view.  I couldn’t seem to focus on anything beyond the light around his body.  It looks like a heavenly angel was living inside of him!
The next picture was a close up of grandma walking through the grass to meet him underneath the flowered archway.  She was illuminated too.  She looked so indescribably ecstatic that my heart ached to be there with her.  I was desperate to go back in time and experience whatever magical thing happened to make them both glow like heavenly beings.
My grandma was shaking from the emotions as her soulmate came to life on the ginormous screens.
The next picture displayed…
“He’s taking my hand…and leading me…into eternity…” grandma whispered.
They radiated with such a blinding brilliance…I could barely see their forms.
The next…
“We light the unity candle in silence…to honor the Creator’s eternal love…and our eternal devotion…words are not needed…”
Those have to be angels floating around you…there’s no other explanation…
“Our vows were spoken, together…one fated line at a time…he makes me a promise…then I make him one in return…”
Neither one of them belongs to this plain, ordinary world…they belong to a paradise…immortal…
“Now we kiss…to seal our fate…a symbol that forges our love for the world to witness…”
No man has ever loved a woman the way he loved her…it’s just not possible!
I had no idea how I came by that knowledge, but it was true nonetheless.
The pictures went away too quickly and I almost felt like crying.
I loaded the photographs into the PowerPoint presentation.  I watched it from beginning to end.  But, it didn’t emotionally level me until I experienced it while sitting in my grandma’s lap.
Aunt Tabby could only collect six pictures of grandpa and grandma’s wedding day in the small amount of time we gave her.  Those few seconds of fade-in’s were the most profound moments I have ever felt.
I turned to my grandma to find some type of answer.
“One day, soon I’ll unlock the depths of my spirit and let you explore for it, yourself.  Thank you for that wonderful gift.  It’s one of the best I’ve ever been given.  I love you, sweet-hearted little baby girl of mine,” she whispered.
“You’re so welcome.  It doesn’t even come close to showing you how much you mean to me.  And I love you, my other g-mom…” I softly replied, out loud.
 The movie ended with a fade-in of Dylan on the right side of the screen and Scarlett superimposed on the left.  It appears as if they are standing face-to-face, smiling at each other.  A big red heart formed around the image.  The caption read, “The future…a repeat of happiness…past…congratulations Mr. & Mrs. Dylan Rhinehart…”
Judging by their reaction, the crowd was pleased with the presentation.  Feeling sentimental, they called for a speech.
Poppy hesitated, looking at g-mom to find out if she planned to rescue him.  It dawned on me that he had no intention of offering his traditional toast.  Stubborn!
G-mom handed him Lucille before she whispered something in his ear.  I’m sure it was direct, but clever.
Wiping sweat from his brow, Poppy reluctantly took the platform.
“That was a fine presentation.  Let’s give my daughter, Celeste and the rest of her family a hand for a gift, worthy of a traveler…” he announced, slighting the royals in the process.
The traditional gypsies whistled and applauded while the royals awkwardly held their wall of resentful silence.
“Excuse me, sweetie girl.  He just issued me, my curtain-call…” grandma told me before she walked up to join him.
She grabbed a microphone from the cart, although she didn’t actually need it to be heard.  When Grandma Edie gets mad, people two counties over can hear her lecture.
“Scoot over, Bradwell but watch the edge.  That first step’s a doozie…” Grandma Edie remarked and he moved over quickly.
“And, I agree with you.  That was a fine presentation.  I would also like to thank my loving family members for giving all of us that gift.  It truly is worthy of any proud gypsy…”
Royals clapped and said, “Hear-hear…”
The traditional folks stood, trying to make a louder commotion.
They continued to cheer and applaud.  Then, everyone called for an encore showing.
Grandma exchanged a look with Bradwell Reigns.  Hopefully, she made her point because g-mom is way too close to the line of fire…
“Sorry, gypsy family members of mine calling for a repeat, but like the love of a soulmate that photographic presentation can only happen, once in a lifetime.  Oh, speaking of once in a lifetime occurrences, we have been waiting all night to hear a toast from the father of the beautiful bride and our host.  We’ll hear it in a minute…
“Pappa and mother, it’s good to see you after so many long years.  We are all honored that you could join us.  We’ve also been holding off on a great many things, waiting on your arrival…
“We’ll catch up and I have some special acquaintances I’ll be excited to make for you…just as soon as Dom Bradwell offers his proud Ay’sha toast to Scarlett and Dylan…” she stated, shoving Poppy into the hot seat.
 The crowd seemed to be holding their breath…waiting to react.  I held my breath with the others, prayed and casually made my way to g-mom.  I would grab her and rush toward the closest exit if things go wrong.
“Thank you, Embree-Anna and all my honored guests for patiently waiting for this traditional toast.  I raise this glass tonight for my gorgeous baby, Scarlett Rosalee.  Since the moment I held you in my arms, you have brought me nothing but joy.  So, you deserve nothing less from this night forward…” Poppy stated and then, he hesitated as he looked at Scarlett.
The moment of truth is here.  I crawled over to g-mom and sat on the floor in front of her.  Nervously, she and I waited for him to continue.
Poppy glanced at grandma once more, before he turned to address his guests.
“Let’s raise those glasses’ folks…
“May Scarlett, the daughter we share, show herself to be a good, clean, virtuous wife to Dylan and wise, loving mother to his children, like her mom raised her up to be…
“May my new son, Dylan show himself to be a loyal and supportive husband that should be respected and obeyed by Scarlett…
“And, may his many children follow in his footsteps and make him proud to be called, father…
“Scarlett, we’ve raised you into a fine young lady.  Do us proud…
“Dylan, you are a true noble Rhinehart…that’s what you were born to.  But, when you marry our daughter, you’ll also be a chosen traveler son of the Reigns’ clan.  We expect you to make us just as proud as you do your own parents…” Poppy offered and everyone toasted.
“The party’s back on.  No wars brewing.  No feelings injured.  One more bullet dodged.  We’re getting pretty good at gypsy navigation.  Wouldn’t you say?” I asked g-mom in relief.
“I’d say we’re not actually navigating anything.  It’s more like we’re being pulled down by three strong streams of rippling undertows and bailin’ the vessel with our Barbie-sized pails.  But, as long as our noses stay surface level, we’ll accept the rest that’s soaking wet…” g-mom responded.

Chapter Thirty Three

Grandma introduced us to her parents.  They were cordial, but suspiciously reserved.  They didn’t give us a hint about what they wanted any of us to call them.  They were even cool towards Haven.  My niece would typically turn up the heat until they thawed.  But, she couldn’t keep her eyes open any longer.  She lost the fight and her twin wasn’t far behind her.
Mikey had fallen asleep when the lights were lowered for the presentation.  He was curled up in his mommy’s lap.  Willow was stroking his hair, staring at him and intermittently kissing his cheeks.  She is really going to miss him when Tray takes him on vacation in two more weeks.
 Although my grandma wasn’t forced to teach the crowd a lesson, she still planned to educate her married kids before she excused herself to chat privately with her parents.
“This is almost over, thank you mighty Maker.  And, we’ve pulled together just like we should…I’m so proud of you, my children.
“My parents are expecting me to grace them, so they can exact yet another pound of my flesh.  I don’t know where they’re getting it from this time…oh well, it doesn’t really matter.  Listen up…I don’t want anyone interfering.  That includes you, Tabby and goes triple for you, Liz.  Interruptions just extend their lashings.  I want them to get it out of their systems’ and over with, quickly.  I’m not gonna be at this for the next week…I’ve got other stuff planned.
“Quinny, you can go back out to your adoring and adorable mob.  But, you are not allowed to propose anything, to anyone for the rest of this month without getting permission from your mom in writing.  You can take off…” she told my nephew.
He kissed her and winked at Willow.
“Now, for the rest of you, while I’m busy ducking lashes, I’m gonna ask all my married kids to make me a promise.  That way I won’t be worried through the scolding.  I want you to take the hand of your soulmate and get out on the dance floor.  Have fun and spend time showing your spouse what they’ve been missing.  G-mom, Tabby, Zander and Krista will stay with the kids.
“Marriages are more fragile than a newborn…and they should be given even more TLC. I won’t stand for any of you neglecting them, like you’ve all been doing here lately.  Crazy, unexpected things happen when we don’t pay enough attention to our life partners.  So, go on and take care of business.  And, don’t any of you stop until they kick us out of here.  Get going…you heard me!” she told them.
They weren’t about to argue with her.  They handed over their sleeping kids and went to enjoy the rest of the night, alone together.
I spent the remainder of the party happily sitting with Luke in my lap.  G-mom and Aunt Tabby were holding Mikey and Haven.  Zander was thrilled to be given an excuse to stop dancing with all his gypsy wife hopefuls.
He and I carried on a silent and hilarious conversation through our tether.  I only wish he had connected it years ago.
I would later be desperately wishing (and repeatedly, kicking myself) that I neglected to ask him how to dial a tether.  But, as usual, only hindsight would produce perfect vision.
My Monday classes still loomed ahead.  Too bad, I don’t have the power to cancel them like I can with cheerleading practice.  I stumbled, exhausted into every class and tried to psychically force the instructors to release us early, so I could take a nap.
Not only did I not succeed in my quest, Professor Odell kept us over outlining an important assignment.  I apologized to the Creator for attempting to manipulate the system for my benefit.  I didn’t have to stay awake all night, talking to my Boo-bear.  It was my choice and the consequences were mine to bear.  I smiled heavenward.
Once the Maker was positive that I had learned my lesson, he finally took a little pity on me.  Professor Marcus dismissed us after we took down the backdrop from the musical.  He was still giddy from all the donations his department received and feeling generous.
I fell in bed without bothering to remove my shoes.  Sleeping on a pile of hard books and a laptop never felt better.  My alarm woke me in plenty of time to shower, change and visit with my sorority sisters.  They were sulking over not getting an invitation to the Warming because some of them are friends with members of my squad.  At least, I planned for this guilt trip.
The gypsies only accepted my squad of ‘outsiders’ and their dates into the celebration because they were part of a present.  They spent most of the night scrutinizing and avoiding them like they were pariahs.
Inviting my sorority sisters would have posed too many challenges, anyway.  Gypsy girls don’t like competition…and especially coming from non-gypsy females.  The Warming Feast is used for Ay’sha singles to meet their future spouse.
But, gypsy guys view gorger girls as easy.  Easy females trump practically everything for a typical young male.  So, more than one potential husband would be led astray by a “gorger Jezebel”.
My sisters would have gotten offended within minutes.  Gypsy moms, Doms, daughters and even some single guys would have made nasty, rude comments.  My Poppy would have a few choice words to say to them before he ordered my sisters to vacate his party.  There was no successful way to include them. 
Saving my excuses and my apologies, I decided to just spring a bribe on my sorority siblings as a peace offering.
“I’ve got dinner plans this evening, but we’re still on for the Dark Matter concert at HaZed at 9:00.  I’ll meet you all there.  This party night is on me.  I’ll make sure you all get into the venue, pay everyone’s cover and your drinks are on my dime…” I offered.
Although they were excited about painting the town red, they were still semi-pouting when I left for my family dinner.  They’ll have to just get over it, though because I can’t handle any more than I already have on my social plate.
If I didn’t need to check on Audrey, I wouldn’t even go to HaZed this evening.  But, I couldn’t put it off.  After what Ice Man said, this will likely be Dark Matter’s farewell performance.  For all I know Audrey and Dante are married by now.  If he loses his job with GZE, they will take off to parts unknown.  No other club owner will give his band a shot when they find out that he’s on Nigel Gray’s blacklist.
I would be the first to arrive and the first to depart from our family dinner.  The kids were at the table with us.  So, we assessed the Warming in casual terms.
“One celebration down with virtually no casualties…” g-mom said, sounding relieved.
“We deserve some type of medal…” Tray added and my brothers agreed.
“Everyone was dressed, appropriately…” Momma-G offered.
“That helped us out more than anything in my estimation…” Momma-C stated.
“And, Willow and Fallon’s idea to invite our clothing designer to the Warming was a stroke of genius…” Grandma Edie declared and my sisters blushed.
“Poor Shandra had fifty people follow her to her car.  I didn’t think she would ever get to leave…” Ember said, humorously.
“The thoughtful and considerate gifts bear more than an honorable mention.  G-mom and Krista, thank you sincerely for everything…” Daddy-Jax told us and then, it was our turn to blush.
We discussed our concerns and possible solutions for the Hosting Celebration during dessert.
“Reid, Tray and I were discussing this prior to dinner.  We have something for you, g-mom…” Jaysen announced and produced a crown.
“For your victorious win against our stubborn Poppy Reigns…” Tray offered.
“And, for getting him to surrender his long-overdue toast…” Reid declared.
“And, for so eloquently and slyly backing him into that corner, we wish to crown and title you.  From this day forward, you will be known as Queen Fox…short for, Queen S.C.A. Foxy.  The S.C.A. stands for Supreme Con Artist.  You outfoxed the world’s wiliest Dom with precision, style and grace…” Jaysen formally declared and prepared to drape the sash over her and place the crown on her head.
G-mom snatched both prizes and announced, “Thanks my baby boys!  I’ll proudly sport that moniker, from here on out.  But, that fancy bobble isn’t resting on this noggin’ and that satiny sash won’t be displayed on my person until those loving youngsters are standing in front of the preacher.  The sparkly crown and silky banner will go nicely with the ripped up jeans, Old Navy t-shirt and running shoes I’ve bought just for their reception.
“Hey, don’t gimme those shocked expressions.  It’s acceptable to bring a wedding gift to a wedding reception.  There’s no rule that says a guest can’t give ‘said’ present to themselves…” g-mom told us and we laughed.
“I’m sorry all, but I’ve gotta get back to campus.  My sorority sisters found out my squad got an invite to our little family gathering and they didn’t.  So, I’m mending fences by taking them out to a club.
“Oh no, I didn’t give any thought to getting a chaperone when I invited the girls out!” I exclaimed, again without thinking.
My parents and siblings started talking at one time, trying to come up with a solution.
“Whoa wait…everyone please stop!  I’ll cancel before I let any of you offer to do it.  You’ve got things to do to get ready.  I’m sure Jarron can cover me.  I’ve just gotta ask him.
“I love every last one of you…so, don’t take this the wrong way…but none of you are welcome to accompany me this evening,” I declared, feeling guilty for blurting out my worry when my family members are already operating under the gun.
I was prepared for the debate of the millennium, but Grandma Edie would distract them and simultaneously, rescue me.
“G-mom and I have plans with the children.  It’s our night to put them in bed and we’re not staying home to do it.  We’re having a creative slumber night.  That’s all the info any adult in this room’s gonna get.
“You don’t have to worry, Krista because they’re way too busy this evening.  They’ve got a T.L.C. matter to handle, privately.  Right, my oldest kiddies?” grandma strongly hinted.
Although she only alluded to them making love, Ember still turned a brilliant shade of crimson.
Haven had been excitedly wiggling around since she discovered that it was going to be a creative slumber evening.  She is very intuitive, though and realized something had unsettled her mommy.
Suddenly, she was whimpering and attempting to decipher the problem.  The tension mounted as Luke and Mikey got wise to her concern and joined her frantic inquisition.  All three of them landed in Ember’s lap, wanting to know what’s wrong.
Zander and Quinn could read between the lines and knew what grandma was suggesting.  But, they couldn’t figure out a G-rated way to explain the need for quality marital time to their younger siblings.
Tray, who is also reserved when it comes to sexual matters, jumped in and tried to change the subject.  His effort was to get them out of the frying pan.  But, just like my luck lately, he wound up in the roaring fire.
“Nothing’s wrong with mommy or anyone, Havie.  Mommy-Willow is going with your mommy to the ladies’ meeting to finish planning the Changing Celebration that you love so much…” Tray told her.
Then, he proceeded to list everything, everyone had on their agenda tonight just to prove to Haven that they were all fine, only busy.  By the time he was finished, the kids were content.  But, his solution created another huge problem.
He had just informed grandma that their schedules are booked solid.  Not even my parents will be sleeping in a bed tonight.  In fact, none of the couples would be in the same physical location.
G-mom said goodnight, swiftly and warned me that I should go before the fireworks start.  Then, she took off with the children.  Zander and Quinn followed along after they said goodnight to the rest of us.  They were struggling to hide their snickers because they rarely get to see the adults sizzling in grandma’s hot-seat.  She was prepared to give her married kids another lecture about couples and T.L.C.
Ember will be glowing brighter than crimson by the end of this…my poor, pitiful, modest Sissy!
Grandma shot me a knowing look and winked.
I rushed around the room giving goodnight hugs and kisses.  I save grandma’s for last.
“Even glowing, she’ll live.  They all will.  And hopefully, they’ll be a little wiser for it.  Have fun…no drinking…no marrying and try not to get into too much trouble.
“Goodnight and remember how much I love you, my Sweetie Girl…” she whispered to me.
When I left, Tray was cringing behind Momma-C because she was the closest mother to his proximity.  There’s no save forthcoming…grandma will not be ignored.

Chapter Thirty Four

My family dinner ended at 7:30.  For my parents and my siblings though, the fun was just getting started.  I waited in the hall before asking Command to trans-verse me.
“With K & dad.  Can it wait?” Jarron reminded me through a text.
I had forgotten that he specifically asked for tonight off.  He finally agreed to stay where he was, after I threatened to forward a copy of our discussion to Karin.
Going home or back to Willow’s parked car is not an option.  I am currently under extreme gypsy scrutiny.  My partial striptease in the wee morning hours did not go unnoticed by Poppy.  Even after the skirt and over-shirt came off, I still had on more apparel than some of the other girls.  They had walked in wearing less and revealing more skin.  But, when an Ay’sha Dom starts seeing clothes being ripped away from a dancing female relative, he evidently gets nervous.  Poppy stationed a car full of guys to watch my house and another car to follow me anywhere I go.
I am well aware of any unfamiliar cars in my neighborhood.  My brothers have drilled cautious and continual observation into me.  By now, it’s second-nature.
Gypsies don’t have the ability to veil or cloak themselves from view.  But, they don’t need that skill because they have the incredible and uncanny ability of being able to hide in plain sight.  Even though I never catch a glimpse of the actual gypsies, I know they are watching, regardless.
HaZed is already opened for business.  But, I had enough of the party life to last me for one lifetime.  I could hardly tolerate the thought of meeting my sisters there at 9:00.  Sitting in the noise for ninety minutes, alone was something I plan to avoid.
In order to kill time, I asked Command to send me to Audrey’s house.  Her roomies are completely self-involved.  If one of them keeled over and died, the others would step over the carcass.  Materializing on the front porch, the only thing I had on my mind was searching for clues to her whereabouts.
When the lady shrieked and passed out, I wasn’t prepared for it.  I automatically screamed too.  Fortunately, I also dove for her limp body on reflex.  She fell into me, uninjured.
“Oh…please…I’m so sorry.  I didn’t see you there!  Are you awake, Miss??  Please, come back around,” I shouted and shook her.
Sure enough, not one of Audrey’s housemates came outside to see what the commotion was about.  They turned up their music and closed their curtains.
“I’m…what…what happened?” the woman asked as soon as she was roused.
“I rushed up on the porch and scared you.  I’m so, so sorry…I didn’t mean to.  Let me help you up.  Here, have a seat.  I’d offer to get you a drink or something, but I don’t live here.  Are you okay?” I questioned her.
“I…I think so.  You didn’t ‘run up’ though…you…”
“I’m swift and stealthy.  Comes from having too many, overly protective older brothers.  Had to learn those skills or my social life would be non-existent.  I can’t tell you how sorry I am for frightening you,” I offered and would keep rambling to distract her from my Star-Trek-type arrival if necessary.
“Well, those brothers’ of yours would have a better chance of catchin’ lightnin’ in a R.C. bottle…” she said with a strong Southern accent.
“I’m Krista Stewart…Audrey’s friend,” I told her.
“How’d you know I was here for Audrey?”
“She has your accent and R.C. Cola is a Southern thing.  I’m originally from North Carolina.
“You must be her Aunt Angie.  She’s told me lots of great things about you…”
“When’s the last time you saw her?” Angie inquired without addressing anything else I said.
“It’s been awhile.  She’s sent me a couple of texts, but I haven’t actually seen her in a few days…”
“None of those jokers in there even know who she is.  But, if they don’t know her, how come they got her personal stuff strewn all over their porch!” she exclaimed loudly.
“I know it seems odd, but they really don’t know her.  They don’t even know the name of the guy who takes their rent money.  She hasn’t been living here anyway…”
“Big city mess…that’s all this is.  I’ve come a long way to see that girl.  Drove up on a tank of gas I can’t spare.  Made it to the motel, but I walked from there.  I was plannin’ on parkin’ myself on this porch until she showed her face.
“So, she’s not comin’ back here…that’s some fine how-do-ya’-do.  But, I’m not goin’ back home until I lay into her…” she stated, angrily.
“I’ll do my best to find her tonight.  If you’ll tell me what motel you’re staying in, I’ll bring her to you.  Is there something else I can do for you in the meantime?  Do you need a ride?”
“I’d rather walk.  It’s better for the troubled soul…” she told me.
Digging through Audrey’s boxes, she pulled out pictures of Tucker.  She shoved them in her pocket and started kicking the cardboard in frustration.  I stood silently while she vented.
“Sorry…I just can’t go through this again.  First, it was her momma and now, Audrey’s done with her kid too,” she remarked.
“She’s not done with Tucker!  What are you talking about??” I practically yelled.
“See for yourself…”
She tossed the letter over to me.  It was the most callous note I have ever read.  The few lines I got through said she wanted a clean break from her past and was tired of the dead weight.  And, she didn’t care to ever see Tucker or her aunt again.  My eyes blurred from tears when I got to the part about Angie using ‘the kid’ to get a free ride on welfare.  I couldn’t read anymore.
“That’s what’s goin’ on.  Course it ain’t much to know because it’s not my Audrey writin’ it.  Whoever wrote it is some kinda unfeelin’ monster…her Pop or that no-account Lester.  But, it’s not, my Audrey Bell,” she said and started sobbing.
We walked to the closest restaurant.  By the time we sat down, Angie had pulled herself back together.
“I left Tuck with an elderly neighbor.  He’ll be real good, but I need to get back.  I’ve never left him before, not with anyone.
“He gets the mail from the box.  He’s real proud that he can reach it without my help – ya’ know.  And, the kid made me stop cookin’ dinner to read her letter with him.  We don’t have cable or anything.  So, a letter from his mom’s a big deal.
“She sends him stickers, things to color and sometimes, she sends him toys.  The letter before that one, she sent him a gift card to the Wal-Mart – fifty whole dollars.  He’s still got some of it, too.  He’s been savin’ it to buy her something special.
“She’s a good momma, even though she’s not with us.  He calls me momma, but he knows who gave him life.  She provides for him as best she can.  He’s so proud of his college momma…tells the neighbor kids and his teachers all about her.
“It was a heaven’s angel that stopped me from lettin’ him read it to me.  That’s what we do.  My noodles boiled over on the stove and I took that forsaken letter with me.  I had to make-up a lie for Tuck.  I’ve never had to do that.  I waited for another letter and nothing.  Tuck cried every day for the last week because he hadn’t heard nothing from her.  So, I bought one of those payphone cards and called her no-good Pop.
“Oscar cussed me and said he wouldn’t tell me nothing even if he knew where she was.  I got Lester on the phone later that night.  He was drunk and said he just got outta jail ‘cuz Audrey got him locked up.  I hung up ‘cuz he won’t help me find her if he’s out for her blood.
“I don’t get no vacation time from work, but Tuck was cryin’ and I was worried.  So, I told my boss I got a family emergency happenin’ and here I am.  I’ve got turned around so many times I don’t know whether I’m comin’ or goin’.  I can’t be burnin’ my gas money drivin’ for a search, so my feet are killin’ me.
“That school’s been no help either.  Well, her teacher, your one that teaches the art and drawin’, told me Audrey just up and quit.  Lordy-days, I knew that girl was messed up with some low-down homeless music man, but I never thought he’d talk her into abandonin’ everything.  I know he’s done talked her into sleepin’ with him without botherin’ to use nothin’.  She wrote and told me as much.  Said, she’d lose him if she didn’t do what he wants.  I had to buy a payphone card with some of her support money to talk her into getting pills at the free clinic.
“She got some rod put in her arm.  Said, she was all bruised up, but she couldn’t have no more babies until they yank it out.  I know she’s a man-pleaser.  But, I thought she’d had enough sense to stay in that college no matter how bad jealous he gets of her…
“I guess I thought I’d come up here and find out that homeless guy she’s with was holdin’ a gun to her head and makin’ her write that mess to her son.  It’s real bad, I know, but that’s what I was prayin’…that she’s bein’ held against her will by him.
“I’ve been foolin’ myself all along.  Her momma was a boozer.  She took off with a no-account drifter.  She started selling off her body.  She took her other young’uns for the government benefits.  I guess she didn’t think Audrey’s Pop would beat on her if that’s all he had left to take care of him…” she offered and finally wound down.
“She told me about Tucker and you.  She loves you both so much.  All she ever talked about was going back to Mississippi with her degree and making you both proud.
“I’ve got a line on where she might be tonight.  And, you’re welcome to come but you look completely exhausted.  I swear I’ll bring her to you even if I have to tie her up and carry her,” I told Angie.
She reluctantly agreed.  She’s been walking around town for four days, looking for her.
I excused myself to the restroom.  I called a cab and paid our check before I rejoined her at the table.  Her Southern pride would get wounded if she thought I believed she was a charity case.  I knew she wouldn’t accept any gas money or cash for anything from me.  But, she couldn’t refuse a meal that she had already eaten.
The cab dropped her off at the rundown motel she was staying in.  I stored their number in my phone, but I didn’t plan to use it.  They charge $2.00 to the room, even for incoming calls.
The cab driver dropped me off in the middle of nowhere.  He looked at me like I had just lost my mind.  I had less than five minutes to get to HaZed and a cab ride would take thirty minutes with no traffic.
Command delivered me into a vacant stall in the restroom.  I got a few perplexed and shocking stares from the girls who were already in there, but I didn’t care.  Quickly freshening up, I sprayed on some perfume and ran to the entrance.  The line stretched way beyond the parking lot.  My sisters were near the back.  Their frantic text messages let me know they were worried that I had forgot them or couldn’t get them in.
“I need to see Mr. Gray…” I told the young female bartender.
“He’s not here, right now…”
“Then, I need to see Sebastian Race…”
“Ice Man??” she asked me, incredulously.
“Yes…”
She spoke into her earpiece.  Like the cab driver, she looked at me like I was psychotic.  I barely had enough time to turn around before he was standing in front of me.
“Hi, do you remember me?”
“Krista…”
“Right…um, I’ve got friends in line that…”
“Where?”
“They’re back near…”
He wordlessly pointed me towards the door.  I had to move it fast, to keep him from running over the top of me.  The sea of people parted like I was wearing a bomb.  He walked and I ran a couple of blocks to my sorority sisters.  They were huddled together, talking and flirting with the guys around them.  They didn’t see me or Sebastian until we were right up on them.
“Move out of line…” he demanded as they obediently crossed over the rope in astonishment.
“You tamed the Ice Giant!” Becca squealed, quietly crouching behind me as we ran toward the entrance.
“I thought he was mute…” Francie declared, hiding behind Becca.
“Is he your date??” Neen asked, softly so he wouldn’t hear her.
“No, he’s a friend of my g-mom’s…”
I didn’t have time to stop for cash.  So, I pulled out my credit card, prepared to pay the ten dollar cover charge for all of us.
“Clipboard…” he barked at the bouncer standing at the door.
The guy handed it to him without hesitation.  I recognized the bouncer from one of my classes.  I smiled at him, warmly.  But, he gave us a terrified look.
Sebastian wrote something before handing it back to his worker.
Then, he narrowed his gaze as his focus returned to me.
“What are you waiting for?” he asked, curtly.
“There are twelve of us here, now.  But, there will be twenty six in my party…” I replied and offered him my form of payment.
“A headcount is an unnecessary delay.  The others should report to Devlin and use your name for entry.  Disturbing me is no longer warranted.  I have work to do…” he told me and walked away before I could even say thanks.
“That was the scariest thing I’ve ever been a part of!” Becca exclaimed, still in hiding.
“Personally, I was getting ready to run for it…” Casey informed me.
“I thought he was gonna bite your head off or something…” Demi told me after he was out of earshot.
It was fifteen after and Dark Matter still wasn’t on stage.  No one in the crowd seemed to notice.
Although Sebastian must have decided to comp the cover charge for my party, the drinks were not free.  The young female bartender was almost as cold as Ice Man until I opened a tab and told her to tack on a thirty percent tip to the total at close.  She suddenly thawed and was overly generous with the alcohol.
I asked for a little umbrella in my water, hoping my sisters wouldn’t notice that I’m not partying.  I’m going to need a weeklong break just to have enough strength to take another weeklong vacation.  Dreaming of a long, hot soak in the tubs at Hot Springs in my home state, I pretended to be engaged in my sisters’ and their conversations.
Everyone in my party had arrived and was already tipsy, by the time Dark Matter began performing.  That was shocking because it was an hour after they were scheduled to start.  At their first break, I fought my way through the bodies to the backstage entrance.
I had no plans to disrupt Sebastian, again.
“I need to see Dante, the drummer…” I shouted to the security guard posted at the backstage entrance.
“No badge, no entry…” he stated loudly.
“Can I at least get a message to him??”
“Not my problem…”
“I’m willing to pay…”
“I’m into dudes…”
“I wasn’t suggesting anything like that…”
“Sure you weren’t…”
I saw Bruno walk by and I yelled for him.  But, the noise was deafening and he had two women attached to each arm.
“Mind getting Bruno’s attention?  He’ll get me a badge…”
“Look, he’s already tagged the only two he’s getting.  There’s no more passes to hand out.  You’ll have to get here earlier.  I’d suggest ditchin’ the jeans and showing some cleavage if you wanna get noticed…” he offered and then, motioned for me to beat it.
I have never been inside this building before, so I didn’t know where the vulnerable areas are.  But, that wasn’t going to stop me.  I’m getting backstage and confronting Audrey.  Or if she didn’t come with Dante, I’m going to make him take me to her.
Of course, I didn’t know how I could force him to take me anywhere.  However, g-mom taught me to never sweat the details until I have to.  So, first things first, getting by the guards.
I identified the cameras and counted all 85 of them!  They were covering every angle, even some that didn’t make sense.  Five were pointed at the ceiling above the stage and two were pointed at the solid concrete ground in an unoccupied, three walled corner.  The corner cams could be almost justified if spiritually gifted people use it as an arrival area for traveling.  That didn’t make a whole lot of sense either though, because it would be a tight landing for a woman and impossible for a full grown man.
The ceiling cams were the most perplexing.  There are no visible inlets and the rafters are round.  The heating and cooling ducts were made out of flimsy metal that wouldn’t hold any weight.  So, those are inexplicable.
The stage is permanent and doesn’t retract like the one in BlitZed.  I didn’t see a single trap door or entry point around the stage itself.  But, it had video surveillance at the corners.
Gray has more than an adequate amount of personnel.  He also knows which ones to position in what areas.  I can’t have my sisters’ try to distract Mr. Personality at the backstage entrance because they are the wrong gender.
In the end, I discovered that HaZed is more secured than a government building.  I’m sure BlitZed is just as secure, but I didn’t need to pay any attention because I was invited to the backstage area both times I’ve been.
Still determined to breech the GZE nightclub matrix, I was a gal on a mission.  I was headed into the motion-wired bathroom to see if the ceiling had a portal or a loose ceiling tile that I could climb through, when someone grabbed me.
“Don’t do it…” the young female bartender told me.
“Don’t do what?” I asked her, keeping a straight face and admitting nothing.
“Go runnin’ up on the stage.  I’ve been watchin’ you investigate it and I figured you’re getting ready to pull a sorority prank.  Ya’ know, rush the stage and grab something from the singer or whatever.  It’s not safe to do that…especially around this place,” she informed me.
“I’m Krista, by the way and you are…”
“I’m Nell…wanna step outside with me while I’m on smoke break?”
“I’d love to…”
I followed Nell and she flashed her badge to Mr. Personality.  He waved her in, but he stopped me.
“She’s my cousin, Christie…” she told him and I didn’t bother to correct her.
Snickering at the irony – guess that name is meant to be.
“You’re takin’ the flack if she’s caught.  Don’t bring me into it.  And, don’t leave her back there or let her out of your sight.  You come back; she comes back.  Or, it’s your job and her bail money…” he told her and waved me through.
Ladies and gentlemen…it pays to tip handsomely!
My smug victory turned out to be very hollow.  The band members are in, yet another restricted area with two ginormous security guards blocking the entryway.  The ornate door at the end of the hall has to belong to Gray.  No less than twelve cameras were videoing.  Those are just the ones I could count as Nell rushed me to get outside so she could take her break.
The young and pretty bartender nervously looked around as she smoked fast.  Nell is determined to dissuade me from doing something reckless.
“I’m risking a more sizeable paycheck than you can imagine bringing you out here.  So, please listen.  I’ve seen plenty of girls get dragged off that stage…all bruised up before they’re taken off to jail.  You got a thing for musicians??  Or, did I guess right about a sorority stunt?”
“Actually, it’s neither.  Dante’s fiancée is a friend of mine and I have to get up with her…”
“Which one’s Dante?”
“The drummer…”
“Can’t see him with a fiancée, you’re sure about this?”
“I was with her when his band tried out at BlitZed…”
“Well, I haven’t seen him with the same girl, twice.  But, I guess he could be keeping her in the dark.  Or, maybe she’s okay with his extra-curricular’s since he’s a rocker.  I’ve seen about everything…”
“I’m sure you have.  Do you think you could get me back to see Dante?”
“This badge isn’t zoned for that area.  Why don’t you just ask your buddy, Ice Man to let you in?”
“He’s not my buddy.  I just know him through someone.  He seems to be having a bad night…” I revealed, remembering how abrupt he was when he left me.
“I couldn’t tell it…that’s the most pleasant I’ve ever seen him,” she replied.
“Really??”
“Guy’s got liquid-nitro running through his veins.  No one ever voluntarily asks to see him.  I watched him snap this guy’s arm in two when he did the same thing.  That was a frat stunt.  The poor guy was just tryin’ to make pledge.  Ice Man doesn’t like interruptions or anything that I know of.  He’s dangerous…
“Sorry, I didn’t give you any warning.  But, you were so confident and everything…”
“No need to apologize.  I knew I’d be taking a risk having you call him so close to show time.  Well, what was supposed to be show time…”
“Dark Matter’s gone kinda loco.  They let this sudden fame go to their heads is what I’m guessing,” she told me and clammed up for no apparent reason.
“Yeah, some people can’t handle celebrity status…”
Nell put out her cigarette with half still left to smoke.  Evidently, she decided her break with me was over.  I didn’t have time to count anything, at all on the way back through.  Dark Matter was performing their second set and the hallway to the dressing rooms had been plunged into darkness.
Having been under the lights last night, I knew that the band was mostly blind to the audience.  So trying to get Dante’s attention while he is playing is not possible.  The backstage area is restricted and the employee’s smoking area is fenced in with razor wire.
Sebastian is no longer an option.
I considered asking Command if they could do something for me.  But, it is nearly impossible to pinpoint a room inside a building for a landing unless I have visited it before.  I would likely wind up in the restroom again.  But this time the stall itself might be occupied.
Aggravated at being so close, yet so far away I rejoined my sisters.  They hadn’t even noticed my absence.  Some of Lyle’s frat brothers were getting rambunctious and entertaining them.  With my mind freed, I decided the only way to break in was to go out.
Except for my shoes, I was dressed casually.  Even though they are flats, they also have very slick bottoms.  They are perfect for dancing, but hazardous for Parkour climbing.  Taking them off, I stuffed them down the front of my shirt.  I would scale the wall barefooted and hope there’s enough light at the top to see where I’m stepping.
The roof posed no problem.  The lights were so bright though, that I was too nervous to walk across it.  So, I used the very small ledge, my toes were sort of on, as a guide.  Then, I used a hand-over-hand method to make my way along the edge, holding on to a small pipe of some kind.
But, the stupid corner had a large column made out of marble.  The pipe I had been using went into the building.  There was nothing left to grab, no ledge to walk on and no way to get by it without going back to the roof.  The camera positioned at the top was pointed toward the middle.
There has to be some way to get inside from the rooftop that I can’t see from the inside.  The inside cameras had been pointing towards the rafters.  The cameras outside where scoping out the middle.  And, the roof was lit up brighter than an airstrip.
My aggravation was turning into outright fury.  This fury was both ridiculous and unexplainable.  I am illegally trying to gain access to an unauthorized area.  So, I have no reason to be this incensed by being thwarted.  But, still I am…
Hanging in one position is much more challenging than moving along the edge.  My fingers were protesting my inaction.  Climbing down the wall, at least I was in the gated parking lot.
But, that was no victory.  The cameras were pointed in the appropriate directions.  My fury continued to rise.  I’m stuck hiding in the shadows, unless I want to rescale the wall and go back to the same place I started.
Feeling bold, I did something audacious.  I climbed underneath the car I was hiding in front of, slipped out and made it seem like I had just gotten out of the vehicle.  Crossing my arms, I strolled swiftly across the lot like I belong there and prayed that my bones would be left intact if I got busted.
Rounding the corner, no alarms were sounding and I thought I was home free until I slammed into a girl who I thought was my friendly bartender.
“I’m sorry, Nell.  This isn’t what it looks like…” I stammered, trying to think of any excuse for my arrival.
“Who’s Nell?” the unknown girl asked, helping me up.
“My girl-girlfriend…” is what popped out of my mouth.
“She’s not back here…for sure…” another girl stated, giggling.
“We’re waiting for the band…” the first unknown female informed me.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m doing too,” I revealed.
“Um, what about your girl-girlfriend?” another female inquired.
“She’s with one of them…ya’ know,” I suggested.
“Can I join you three?” the girl who helped me stand, questioned.
I didn’t get an opportunity to answer because they all started arguing about who was going to join our threesome.  Some unknown time later, Ice Man opened the stage door and out came Dark Matter.
Dante had three girls physically attached to him, not a one of them was Audrey.  The females who had been waiting outside pushed and shoved their way towards the band.  Dark Matter’s members stopped to sign autographs and select extra female company.
Audrey’s boyfriend had invited, yet another female, to join him.
If I had been in my right frame of mind, I could have formulated a more reasonable plan.  Like hailing a cab and following them or even blocking their exit from the parking lot.  But, I was irrational from raw anger.  It’s never smart to react based on emotions…
The girls were packed too tightly and refused to move over.  A hysterical outburst won’t even faze them.  I couldn’t get between their legs either.  They were almost as determined to prevent my passage as I was to get by them.
I wanted to scream, “Hey stupid girls, this is useless worship because they’re getting fired anyway.”  But, like the hysterical outburst idea, they have to be able to hear and comprehend me.  I’m the wrong gender and I’m not with one of the band members.  I’m not even in their vicinity or dressed-to-impress anyone.  This is the first time since this whole gypsy thing started that I was regretting not wearing bling and heels…  
Carelessly tossing my flats aside, I did the only thing I could do to get by these stupid groupies.  I backed up to the gate and took off running for them like an enrage bull.
I estimated the gaggle of girls to be about five feet wide.  I need ample running distance to successfully make it.  If I’m off by any amount, someone will get a pile-driver to the head, but I don’t care right now.
Reaching my destination, my palms scraped the pavement.  But, my body went sailing just as I planned.  Turning a perilous triple somersault, I vaulted over their heads.  I expected to be landing without a spotter.  Preparing for the crash, I remained as limber as possible.
The girls ducked and scattered, on basic instinct…
The members of Dark Matter pointed at me in confusion…
“Holy…” was the only thing the lead singer managed to say before two hands, located behind me, grabbed my hips…breaking my fall.
Completely focused on a crouching and gawking Dante, I wiggled free from the hands that had saved me – tumbling away.
“You can definitely join us!” he exclaimed to me, right before I slapped the beejezus out of him.

Chapter Thirty Five

“What the…” Dante shouted as he pushed me away.
“Where’s Audrey??  What’ve you done with her??”
“Haven’t seen her in like…I don’t know…a week or better.  I didn’t do anything with that skanky ho…” he offered and I slapped him for the second time.
He couldn’t return the favor in front of a crowd of people.  So, he continued to run his mouth to get even.  He called Audrey a few more names, but I was no longer biting.  Then, he called Tucker her ‘bastard baggage’.  When that didn’t provoke me he made a derogatory reference to Tucker’s special needs.  That did the trick.
I lunged for his throat.  I was out of my mind from frustration and anger.
Those hands that broke my fall prevented me from reaching my goal.  True to my training, I did the unexpected and broke free.  The crowd gasped like I had just spontaneously combusted.  Momentarily forgetting what I had been doing, I stopped and asked them, “What??”
“Ice Man…” they said in unison.
“Sebastian Race, I’m talking to that worthless drummer before I get escorted off this property.  Easy or hard way…your choice, but he’s gonna answer me,” I yelled, while staring blades at Dante.
“Don’t just stand there, my Ice Dog…do something!” Dante exclaimed.
“Tell her…” Sebastian said.
“Tell her what??  Who is she??” the drummer questioned.
“Answer her.  Her name is unimportant.  Do not refer to me as your dog, again…” he stated in a lethal tone.
“Whatdaya wanna know?” Dante asked.
“I’m looking for Audrey.  You know where she is,” I stated.
“I already told ya’…I don’t know where she’s at.  You look sorta familiar…”
“Where was the last place you saw her?”
“At the signing dinner thing at Gray’s place.  She left her phone and her wallet with me.  See…” he offered and reached inside the limousine.  “Look for yourself.  It’s been in here since that night.  Didn’t want her crap, then and don’t want it, now.  You can have it!”
“You expect me to believe she willingly handed you her purse, ID and phone voluntarily and just took off into the night…”
“I don’t care what you wanna believe…it’s true.  She didn’t wanna come to BlitZed, anyway but…hey…wait, that’s where I know you from.  You’re the chick who was running around with her.  What’s your name??”
“Call me Christie…”
“Audrey was acting buggy that night.  I didn’t think much of it.  She’s got this kid who’s a gim…”
“Don’t…” I stated, darkly.
“Umm…well, she’s got that baby-baggage and a whole lotta daddy issues.  We went to Gray’s place together, but she ended it.  Everything was roses-and-wine one second, the next she goes to the restroom and comes back wanting out of our relationship.
“I didn’t ask for the 411, ‘cuz I’m not hurting for the ladies.  Would love to take you for a spin…I’ve never been with a gymnast before…” he informed me, licking his lips and somehow forgetting that we are engaged in a dispute.
“When did she give you her purse?”
“The same time she gave me the cell…at Gray’s.”
“Was she upset? Crying? Angry?  Something had to have happened…”
“I’ll repeat it real slow for you.  She was buggy…which is normal for her.  She went to take a whizz, came back looking better than I’d seen her in a couple of years and ditched me.  She’d been talking non-stop about marriage all the way over to Gray’s.  So, I wasn’t exactly broken up about her change of heart over bein’ with me.
“Maybe, she got mad when she saw the chick I was playing pool with, feelin’ up more than just a stick at the table.  Don’t know…don’t care, ‘cuz that night ended, three times happy, no strings or bratty-baggage involved.  Get the gist??  You can still join in if you wanna night to remember with Dark Matter.  Whatdaya say, Flexi-Babe?” he asked and made an obscene gesture.
“You’re disgusting…” I stated, walking by Ice Man and through the stunned onlookers.
My shoes were somewhere in the parking lot, but I didn’t even try to find them.  I tossed the contents of Audrey’s purse out on the closest, dry table.  The battery on her cell phone was completely dead.  Her wallet, money and identification were sticky from something nasty, but were unharmed.
If he’s had her cell this entire time, how did Audrey call me on it and who has been texting on it?
“Circumventing security protocols is not advisable…ever again,” Sebastian warned me after his silent approach.
“It wasn’t advisable the first time, Commander Obvious!  I lost my shoes, scraped my hands and broke a fingernail…” I shouted, psychotically.
Unsure of how to respond, he stood beside me staring.
“You can eject me, now.  I won’t give you any more problems…” I told him.
“Shoes are required…” he stated.
The guy, who had been guarding the entrance backstage, handed me my flats and I thanked him.  He mumbled something and bolted away.
“Listen, I’m sorry.  I’ve…” I attempted to explain, but Ice Man wasn’t interested.
“Excuses are futile.  However, the comedic scene was the most entertainment I have witnessed in ages.  Do not capture my attention, again.  My generosity is exhausted…” he informed me.
My sorority sisters and a few of their men had watched our exchange.  They wanted the skinny, but I wasn’t in the mood for socializing – or even pretending.
Sometimes it pays to get slightly injured because Becca panicked when she saw the scrapes on my palms.  I told her they had a brush with the ground and suggested I’ve had a little too much partying.  My diabolical scheme worked…
Becca ordered me to take a cab home and bandage my wounds.  My other sisters were disappointed that I was already making an evening of it, but how could they argue.  If they protested Becca’s order they would sound selfish and petty.  So, in the end they agreed and told me how sorry they were that I hurt myself. 
After closing out my astronomical bar tab, I hailed a cab and went to the motel Audrey’s aunt is staying in.  Her light was still on and she opened the door on the first soft knock.
“I’m sorry…I didn’t find her yet…but, I’m not giving up,” I told her and tears slid down her cheeks.
“Where’d that girl run off to??” she asked.
“I’ll do everything I can to find her.  I’ve got a big network of friends who can help me.  But, it’s almost one and…”
“You don’t need to fret.  I know you can’t start ‘til tomorrow.  I wish we’d done met up the first day I was here.  I gotta drive back in the morning or my boss will can me.  Minimum wage is better ‘n nothing.  Seems I’ve gotta little mouth to feed by my lonesome,” she said and sounded disheartened.
“What time will you be leaving?”
“Thinkin’ about just headin’ on that way after I stop and get her things off the porch.  Maybe, I can get in a couple of hours of work…”
“Please, can you at least give me until sunrise?”
“Well, I suppose so…”
“Thanks, I’ll see what I can do tonight and we’ll meet at this diner at say 6:00?  It’s on your way…” I stated and handed her the address to the diner Audrey used to eat at.
My cab was still waiting and I had the driver take me to buy a pre-paid cell phone and cards that equal three months of service.  I’m hoping Jules can help me convince Angie to take this phone.  I need some way to keep in touch with her.
I would keep a picture of Audrey holding Tucker and her cell phone.  But I would give her aunt the rest of the items.  Audrey had twenty eight dollars and an old check stub from the Java Den in her wallet.  I withdrew the limit on my ATM.  Adding the additional four hundred dollars, I am hoping Angie will use it.
Jules was sitting and talking to Audrey’s aunt when I arrived at the diner.  Angie had already retrieved the boxes and had them packed in her car.
The blanket text messages I sent to my contact list, all asked for help locating Audrey.  I was fielding the responses.  No one knew anything about her.  Most of the replies were friendly, but a few had an edge of sarcasm.  They didn’t appreciate being spammed by me.  To those people, I sent a quick explanation detailing that I was being a pest on purpose.  I sent several messages to everyone I know because her aunt is leaving town today and Audrey is still missing.  My aggravated friends apologized to me…
I remained silent while Angie and Jules chatted.  I was praying someone would come up with something on Audrey and her whereabouts.  I even inadvertently spammed the “be on the lookout for my friend” text to Wally Baxter.  He laughed it off, but I’m sure he was irritated.
Angie was stunned by the amount of cash in Audrey’s wallet.  She mumbled something about a godsend and I relaxed a little, knowing she would use it for her and Tucker.  I waited until the last possible minute to give her the cell phone.  She refused, debated and argued with me about accepting it.  Jules provided me with a helping hand when she asked for a number to reach her at.  Angie didn’t have much choice, not if she wanted Jules’ assistance.
We exchanged phone numbers and she gave us her address.  She also gave me a photograph of Tucker holding the fire truck he bought with the gift card Audrey sent him.  The message on the back he wrote himself.   It had a big heart drawn on it with the word “mommy” in the center.  No one had sent me anything helpful by the time Angie left for Mississippi.
“She’s a lovely person…” Jules said as we waved goodbye.
“Yeah…I just wish I had some news…” I revealed.
“We’re doin’ all we can.  Oh, and by the way, poor students don’t need to be leaving a tip big enough to make a car payment.  I sure did appreciate it, but you keep your money next time, sweetie pie…” Jules announced.
I had already given her my contact information and we promised to stay in touch.  So, when I hugged her and told her to think nothing of it, I took off running.
There’s no telling what she might do to me when she sees this time’s tip is double…

Chapter Thirty Six

I was surprised that Ember did not call me, crying or send me a frantic text message when I got overly upset at HaZed.  But, I hadn’t heard a peep out of her.  Assuming she was too tied up to worry about me, I thanked the Creator.
My explosive emotional outburst last night should be the least of my sister’s worries.  Ember is overloaded with obligations.  I don’t want her upset over me.
Although messages poured in from my contacts, none of them were very helpful.  A few people had seen Audrey at the Java Den, at a local pharmacy and walking across campus.  However, those sighting were days ago.  No one had seen her recently.
I was no closer to finding her when Wednesday rolled around.  So, I decided to track her from her last known location.  When I created my plan, it didn’t occur to me that I don’t know where Gray’s house is.  A record’s search did me no good.  No property was listed under his name…not even his businesses.  GZ Enterprises is incorporated.  I sorted through the intricate web of names of C.E.O.’s and C.F.O.’s and board members, but no one with the last name Gray appeared, anywhere.
Ava’shay Command must be getting aggravated with me.  Although none of them said as much, I had been using them to travel without considering how much time my requests require.  But, I am still being watched by Momma-C’s family.  So, I’m forced to sneak around.  I had to think of new and inventive ways to not get caught escaping from my home.  It seems ludicrous, but that is my life.  Sitting in the dark bedroom for at least twenty minutes, I wanted them to assume I was sleeping.  My watchers never leave their posts.  The only thing that changes is the vehicles they are driving.
Dressed in comfortable black clothing and non-slip shoes, I crawled out through Demi’s window, after I grabbed her keys.  She happily agreed to loan me her car because she knew I would return it with a full tank of gas.
Unable to get an address, I headed to HaZed to find Nell.
“He’s never invited me to his house.  I don’t know what he drives either.  Comin’ to think about it, I’ve never seen him behind the wheel of anything.  He could use a car service.  Want me to page Ice Man…he’ll know it?” she inquired.
“Nah, he asked me not to get his attention anymore.  I don’t think he was joking around…”
“I’m sure he wasn’t…”
“Thanks for your help.  Let me know if you see my friend…”
I could not seem to get my thoughts off of Audrey.  So, even when I did lie down to rest I was consumed in worry.  I called and texted Tray for some channeled sleeping assistance, but he didn’t respond.  He must be tied up in something pressing…
Not wanting him to worry, I sent him another text explaining that I’m too sleepy to answer my phone.
By Thursday evening, I was ready to throw in the towel.  Nothing had been going in my favor either.  I accidentally skipped question 2 on the answer key and marked everything, incorrectly.  Mid-way through my frantic erase job, I ran out of time.  So, I only turned in one answer on the whole thing.
Then, the downpour of the century happened, unexpectedly and my waterproof mascara, malfunctioned.  It was pouring so hard that Jarron was chaperoning by driving behind me in his car.  So, he didn’t get a good look at me.  No one in my class bothered to say that I had black streaks running down my cheeks.
Later, I would discover that everyone had a wager on how long before the ditzy Alpha girl looked at her reflection.  I didn’t see my face until I strolled into my bathroom late that evening.  So, I assume they all lost the bet…
My family hasn’t gotten in touch with me all week.  That’s worrisome.  Not even Zander had texted or spoke to me through our communication tether.
Peeling off my soggy clothes, I took a long hot shower.  Then, I sent a blanket text to every member of my family.  I told them I’m shutting off my cell because I plan to sleep all day on Friday.  I promised to turn it back on by 5:00 p.m.
Although it was only 8:30, I was ready for bed.  My phone beeped right before I powered it down.
“Audrey’s at Gray’s place…” is what Nell’s message read.
“Did you find out where he lives?” I replied.
“No.”
What good does that information do me???
I wanted to send her a snarky response because my nerves are frazzled.  But, I took a deep breath and replied, nicely.
“It’s good to know, but I need an address…”
“The Gray Hook is near the T-sect out on the old beltway.  That shady log cabin looking building.  Don’t have the address sry.”
I smacked myself on the forehead for making an assumption.  Gray’s place isn’t his home.  It must be another business establishment.
“Thanks I owe u one!  I know where it is.  You’ve been a lifesaver…” I told her.
The Gray Hook must be another nightclub.  But, why would Nigel Gray choose that stupid location?  There’s nothing out that far except an abandoned housing development.  None of the college kids party out in that neck of the woods, anymore.  Last year, a bunch of frat brothers got jailed overnight for trespassing.  Even though it is deserted, that area is well-patrolled.
I yanked on jeans, a tank top, a hoodie and flip flops.  With keys in hand, I was mapping my route in my head.  Given the weather and the distance, it will take me nearly an hour to get to that location.  I only hope Audrey will still be there when I arrive.
Before I walked out on the porch though, I noticed three vehicles from Momma-C’s family.  Poppy had obviously assigned more bodies thinking I might try to sneak out alone in the bad weather.
He’s slick…always one step ahead of me.  Boy, I hate that!
Smacking the door jamb in anger, I will get out of this house without getting busted!  The window ledges are too slippery.  No matter what shoes I put on, I won’t get any traction.  I could break a bone.
I also can’t call Command to trans-verse me anywhere because they will alert my family.  The text message I sent emphatically stated that I’m exhausted.  If I suddenly take off somewhere, one or all will come find me.  I have caused so much trouble lately.  I don’t want to disturb them anymore.
It will take a cab at least thirty minutes to get here.  I don’t have that long to wait.
Becca and Sherry came from downstairs in their pajamas, interrupting my thoughts.  Sherry is a cheerleader on my squad.
“I’m using an approved guest pass…” Becca informed me.
“Um hi C.B.C., why are you looking at me like a cat that’s hidin’ a mouse in its pocket?” Sherry inquired.
“I’ve got a big favor to ask and I’ll owe you, huge if you’ll help me…”
Sherry looked at me a little strangely when I asked if I could borrow her SUV for the night.  But, she was ready to call the nut house when I asked if I could borrow the clothes she came in wearing.  It took some finagling and begging, but she finally agreed to both.
Although Sherry is my height, she is a size smaller than me.  She came over dressed in a very noticeable pair of red designer jeans with fancy stitching and patches.  Gypsies, even males, pay close attention to what everyone is wearing.
I can’t catch a break…
I had to pour myself into her pants because I don’t have anything that looks remotely similar.  The inseams protested, but I managed to get them buttoned.  I couldn’t wedge my phone in the pocket.  So, I improvised.  Sealing my credit card, Tucker’s picture and what little bit of cash I had on me into a sandwich baggie, I tucked everything into my bra for safekeeping.
Sherry’s umbrella was still drip-drying on the porch.  I picked it up, nonchalantly, but I couldn’t use it for what it was intended for.  I had to keep it turned so my watchers wouldn’t be able to get a good view of my face.  Although my valuables stayed dry, I ended up drenched.
The too tight jeans were stuck to my skin like cement and I could hardly breathe.  Her SUV has a manual transmission.  I haven’t driven one since I was sixteen.  Grinding gears and chugging along at a record eight miles per hour aroused the gypsies’ suspicions.  I watched one of them turn on their headlights’ with plans to follow me.
Shifting through the gears as quickly as I dared, I pressed the gas to the floor.  I almost stalled it twice, but the SUV eventually picked up speed.  I also prayed for my safety because the flooded roads are treacherous.  Several turns later, I was pointed in the wrong direction but I was alone on the highway.
I didn’t know how to turn on her stereo and I didn’t want to fumble around to find it while I was driving.  It would prove to be one long ride…alone with nothing but my anxious thoughts to keep me company.
Slowing down to a crawl, my headlights weren’t helping.  I couldn’t see much of the roadway.  Once I was sure I wasn’t being followed, I turned North and headed in the correct direction.  I was thinking about how this rainy highway might never end…as I headed through the unsettled darkness.

Chapter Thirty Seven

The Gray Hook’s parking lot was like a pond when I pulled into it.  Parking near the back, I would sit in quiet observation.  Between frantically searching for Audrey…the bad day…nasty weather…wearing soaked/skin-tight clothing – I was really aggravated.
Every scenario I came up with on the ride over made me angrier and angrier.
How could Audrey turn into such a cold monster??  What type of excuse she might offer for writing that heartless letter?  It would have been easier if she had just vanished without saying a word.
Audrey is partying while the rest of us are out of our minds from panicked, worry!
If she pops-off with some flimsy excuse or says something callous, I will unleash a wrath unknown to humankind.  She is not getting any warning before I tear into her either.  She didn’t give her kid or aunt any.
I was still staring at the building, minutes later.  I belatedly wished I had just asked Nell what type of club the Gray Hook is.  There are no signs anywhere that I can see.
A Lincoln Town-Car drove in and parked – finally, giving me the chance I have been waiting on.
Obscuring my face using Sherry’s umbrella, I quickly “joined” the couple.  They were huddled together, trying to stay dry.  This is almost too perfect.  I easily kept pace with them as they walked up to the entrance.
The man used a security key card and the solid metal door began the slow process of unlocking.  Next, a holographic keypad with some strange symbols appeared.  The man placed his palms inside an opening and the woman typed in the sequence.  Out of the twenty keystrokes, I only caught four.  So, I can’t retype the code.
Oh well, I don’t have a keycard…knowing the sequence would do me no good.
Move over, distracted couple because you’re bringing in a guest and don’t even know it.
Mustering all my audacity, I tossed Sherry’s umbrella and walked in behind them.
The foyer had a small alcove off to the right.  I tumbled into it and crouched around the corner.  But, I wasn’t hidden – not by a longshot.  The alcove was well-lit.  A partial wall is the only thing preventing them from seeing me.  This is the best I can do…I don’t have anywhere else to go.
“What was that?” the woman asked the man.
“What?” he inquired.
“I could’ve sworn I saw something moving behind us…” she told him.
“I didn’t see anything.  The first part’s already over.  I don’t want to miss anything else,” he stated.
“You’re so thrilled.  It makes me feel so special…” she shot back, sarcastically.
“Hey, coming here was your idea, not mine…” he responded.
“Yes, I’m into it…I know…ultra-kinky.  But, promise me that you won’t hook-up with the red head, again.  She left marks last time…” she said.
“I bet she won’t even be in there…”
“I’ll take that bet because none of them take a day off.”
“You don’t know that!  It’s not like we come here every day.  Wait, are you stepping out on me when I’m at the office?”
“I’d never come here without you!  It’s something I heard through the grapevine.  I’ve never seen one of their check stubs, but from what I hear people are begging him for a job…”
The Gray Hook must be a gentlemen’s club for couples or a topless bar or a restaurant?  Whatever it is, the lady said something “ultra-kinky” goes on in there.
Nell confirmed what the chatty woman is saying.  Nigel Gray pays his staff, handsomely.  He must also monopolize their time too.
The couple stopped talking.  But judging by the sounds they’re making, they are still in the lobby.  So, I stayed very still and started putting the pieces together.
Audrey met Nigel the night of Dante’s show.  Nigel must have offered her a position.  The salary must be incredibly lucrative for her to work in an environment that she finds morally reprehensible.  I know Audrey won’t be stripping.  But, I could see her looking the other way while she waitresses or tends bar.  She doesn’t drink or do drugs.  That makes her an ideal candidate to work in a nightclub setting.
From the sound of things though, Gray expects his employees to work every day with no time off.  I bet Audrey didn’t realize that when she agreed to work for him.  After she cashed the first check, she probably felt like she hit the jackpot.  She would be worried about getting fired for having a personal life.  So, she quits college…ends things with Dante…and, cuts ties to her family in Mississippi.
Large sums of money change people…almost never for the better.
The only rational explanation I had was the most awful thing a mother could do to her child.  Audrey cut Tucker out of her life for some fast cash!
Strangely enough, that knowledge didn’t alter my speech to her one iota.
The couple could have seen my legs if they had only looked in my direction.  I didn’t care about getting busted by them or anyone for that matter.  I was working on navigating through a new level of livid.
I pulled out Tucker’s picture.  I heard him crying for Audrey when Angie called to say she was coming back, alone.  I read some of her horrible words in that terrible letter.
The couple had just walked inside, so they didn’t see me.  I marched up to the black velvet curtain that separated the foyer from the club, with an odd mixture of relief and vengeance.
At least, I will have some news for Angie when I call her tomorrow.
So, I waltzed into the Gray Hook like I own the joint…preparing to give Audrey a big piece of my raging mind.

Chapter Thirty Eight

It was like entering into another dimension.
The glass floor had smoky mirrors and lights that appeared to stretch into infinity…
Where have I seen this before??
I couldn’t seem to get my bearings.  Stumbling around, I searched for a stationary focal point.
That’s when I heard Dinah Lynn singing.  Her beautiful voice is unmistakable.  I can see her silhouette through the fabric? the veil?? the evil spider’s webbing???  What is that????
Although I wasn’t high or drunk, I was experiencing a heavenly floating sensation.
Then, the haze cleared and I saw Audrey giggling.  She won’t be laughing when I’m done with her!
I took one step.  Then curiously, whatever had been obscuring my view when I first walked inside shrouded her, again.
How dare she try to hide?  My bliss exited and my original fury overwhelmed me.  I headed through the gossamer-world, concentrating on finding her and making her answer for what she’s done.
Once again, the webbing lifted.  Audrey came back into my view.
But, fate would intervene…before a single word…could be spoken to her…
I always knew the darkness existed – at least, intellectually speaking.  When I stumbled into it though, I wasn’t ready for the confrontation.  Sinister things lurk – evil hides – the wicked seek the shadows – those are commonsense expectations.  I never realized making simple, human assumptions could be dangerous and even, deadly.
It was both an aggravation and a relief when I finally found her.  My focus was fixed on my destination, up-ahead.  The speech I had rehearsed, numerous times on the drive over, had built into a verbal explosion.  My mind had already raced into the future, by the time the encounter happened.
My supernatural discovery was brought on by a random set of seemingly normal circumstances.  It was through mere chance that I was even located at that specific spot, at that particular second.  After all, this is not my type of entertainment.
Whether I should consider myself as being at the right place, at the right time or the wrong place, at the very worst time, would be something I would have to sort out later.
We collided and I gasped, reflexively.  The automatic apology was on the tip of my tongue.  But not surprisingly, it failed to be spoken.
Somehow, in that insignificant space in time, everything I thought I understood came crashing down around me.  My mind was grappling with an unknown reality.
I literally inhaled and the life I had always known, shattered into devastated ruins.  Then, I exhaled.  And, the fragments had pieced themselves back together without my assistance.  So, the mental shards were rearranged and completely unfamiliar.  I couldn’t make any alterations to them either.
I am permanently stuck in the here and now.  There is no way to escape from it – well, not while I’m still alive and kicking.
It should be impossible for everything to change in a solitary breath…but, that’s exactly how it happened.
A single breath in a lifetime…held two epic fates…
The one before the darkness was so casually revealed…
And, the frightening one that would come…during the inevitable, after…

Chapter Thirty Nine

“Watch it!” he exclaimed.
Does that thing know it’s a demon??????
The demon’s skin was ripped and festering.  He doesn’t have horns or a forked tail, though.  Someone needs to tell the artists’ they’re getting it wrong…
The devil was fully exposed.  My eyes kept trying to morbidly wander.
I tried to reason with myself.  I attempted to tell myself to look away because this can’t be happening.  If I hide my eyes, that vile creature might vanish or jump inside of me…
His foul scent is filling my lungs…it’s nauseating.
“Ahhhh, never mind…fresh breeding meat…” he hissed.
“The unfresh devil himself…” is what I spoke while I wiped his spittle off of my face.
“Flattery…” he stated, spitting on me again.
Blinking rapidly, I was hoping against all hope that he would turn into an ugly human, scaly alien, or even a talking dragon would suffice.  He remained…a demon…
“Not flattery…” I stated with no affect.
Although my feet never left the ground, my body seemed to resume its floating…
“You…wiggle…free…on the hook…”
Filthy brown saliva was dripping from his cracked lips.  I had no idea what to make of his comment or his nasty drooling.  So, I covered my mouth with my hands to prevent myself from talking.  I can’t afford to have him misinterpret my meaning…not while I’m mentally flying near an evil creature…blissed out of my gourd…and in danger.
I need to get out of here…my mind commanded, convincingly.  But for the first time ever, my feet refused to obey my brain’s order.  In fact, my body is no longer my own.  I curled into the fetal position instead of taking off like I should.
I have found myself in many other perilous predicaments over the course of my lifetime.  But, I guess none were as despicable or as hazardous as this one.  With no experience to draw on, my physical being committed mutiny over my mind.  My brain was firing off appropriate orders.
Kick…scream…run…flee…
Over and over, the commands taunted my lifeless body.
My vision blurred…what felt like damp sticky fog surrounded me…colorless and gray.
Suddenly, a familiar face…approaching…calling my name.
It seems so distant…
My thoughts reached out to find it through the gray cloud…
Then, nothing…

Chapter Forty

“Yo’ Babe…why are you licking the floor??  What are you doing, here??” Lyle asked, shaking me hard to pull me back from my reverie.
“I’m Audrey…unfresh…demon,” I mumbled, but the music was so loud he couldn’t hear me.
“Let’s get you up…” he told me.
I couldn’t tell if my eyes were seeing hazy or if this club has their fog machine turned up on high.  Either way, I could barely see a foot in front of me…
The faces I could make out were normal…human…
Is Dinah Lynn still singing??
I saw a demon…a real live demon…or did I??
My legs weren’t interested in working for me, but for Lyle they do what they should.  That figures.
He pulled me up and dragged me away from the other gawkers.  I hope I wasn’t really licking the floor…
My vision started to clear up in the middle.  It was like I could seeing stuff, but through a warped tunnel.
Lyle is still carrying on a full-fledged conversation with me.  Unfortunately, my ears are squealing with, what sounds like feedback.  I kept tapping his shoulder to get his attention.  Then, I remembered that he doesn’t listen to a word I say.  So, why waste the effort if I don’t have to.  He’ll keep on talking, anyway.
The windowless room he led me into was lit only by the dingy bulb from the hallway.  Everything looks murky.  I could faintly make out the other side.  It seems like it’s a mile away.  This is some type of tunnel room.  Is that it?
“There’s no light at the other end of this tunnel, buddy boy.  Will we see the train coming from this far away?” is what I was shooting for.
“Suppose…there’s look…not light…the tunnel…boggy…long…too…way away…” is what I said.
I attempted to say the phrases a few more times.  But, the words were issued as useless garble.  Finally giving up, I stopped trying to see the dark side of the room or worrying about an oncoming train.
That’s when the walls captured my attention.  They appear to be coated in a sludgy film.  I couldn’t seem to stop myself from reaching out to touch it.  These morbid compulsions might wind up being the death of me…
The slime reacted as though it were alive and didn’t want to be bothered.  Everywhere my finger travelled the slimy substance slithered away as though my touch could kill it.
“Up the look…walls…bother…kill ick…it up goes!” I told Lyle.
“…here for me…you can admit it,” his words began to filter through the buzzing – interesting.
“Admitted…not…” I said in a slurred, deep voice.
“Stop yelling…we’re back here now.  And, would you quit feeling up the wall…that’s just disturbing,” he told me.
“Audrey’s disturbing with…out there…” I stated nonsense in my new voice as I attempted to leave.
Lyle grabbed my upper arm in such a tight vice grip that it was already bruising.  I watched it turn blue with disinterest.  The sensation refused to sync up with the assault.
I tried to pull away because I’m on a mission, here.  But, I couldn’t wiggle free and I couldn’t say anything coherent.
“Whoa, not so fast, Speed Buggy…she can join all of us in a minute,” is what I think he said as he squeezed my arm a little harder.
Once again, my mind got diverted from his words while it was trying to reconcile my reality.
Lyle’s vice grip should be hurting me.  But, the pain refuses to match the assault.  That’s weird, but whatever.  He can keep on doing it as long as it doesn’t hurt…right?
The blaring music and annoying buzzing only gets silent when the mindless jock speaks.
That’s weird, too but it’s even more ironic.
I am evidently seeing touch-sensitive, gravity-defying slime on a wall that Lyle doesn’t see.  Also out of the ordinary, but I can handle that hallucination, as well…
I wonder if he wants to lick it off my fingers…wait, I don’t want him to touch me…or do I?
But, my unfamiliar…deep…dark…sinister…voice…that’s what has me completely flipped out.
Did that demon disappear inside of me???
Maybe that’s why nothing is hurting!!!
I can’t say no…Lyle won’t have to listen…he can do anything he wants to me.  I can’t stop him because it’s not me that he’ll be doing anything to.  It’ll be the demon that has a hold of me!
“Burn…demon…burn…” I shrieked in a possessed voice, near the brink of insanity.
My midsection responded by glowing a brilliant orange color.
“What’s that…” Lyle asked, but the light vanished as suddenly as it arrived.
Clarity rocketed through my hazy mindset and the demon…disappeared.
“Owwww, let go of my arm!” I shouted without answering his question.
The pain finally caught up with me.  I kicked his flexed calf muscle to force him to release me.  He fell towards the door, landed with a thud and cursed.
I jerked my body away, tuned him out and took a rapid internal inventory. 
My voice is back to normal – check.
My vision has cleared – check.
My ears have stopped buzzing – check.
My mind seems to be firing on all cylinders – check.
I had weathered that bizarre storm.  I would have to figure out what happened to me, later.  For the moment, Lyle was rolling around on the floor in pain and begging for me to help him.
“I think you snapped a tendon from your freak out!  Get over here and help me!” he exclaimed, coaxing me to come over to him.
I took two steps, but then I thought I saw a shadow move in the hallway.  Close enough to help Lyle also places me in a vulnerable position.  I will be close enough for that unknown shadow to grab me…
“You must avow to remain wary of those surrounding you, and every object in the environment, at all times…” Reid’s words echoed through my thoughts, so I stopped moving.
That shadow could be…the demon.
“You can’t just leave me dyin’ in agony on the floor.  I helped you up while you were out there wasted.  Now, come over here and do the same thing for me, please, Doll-Babe…” Lyle begged.
But, he didn’t seem to be in too much pain and his eyes were filled with…anticipation.
“Krista, an enemy can use your perceived comfort level to draw you close and strike without warning.  Therefore, it is imperative for you to always remain mindfully cautious while in the company of friends…” Jaysen’s words hauntingly rang through the recesses of my mind.
I shook my head and backed away from Lyle and the shadow.
“I didn’t mean to grab you so hard.  I don’t blame you for being mad.  But, you know I’d never hurt you intentionally, right?  I’m not some stranger…you know me.
“I can’t get up without your help.  Why am I always having to beg you?” he asked.
His tone was both loving and frightening.  I was filled with indecision.  Although I took another hesitant step away from him, I found myself wanting to reach out for his outstretched hand.
Then, Tray’s words thundered through my brain and I froze.  I also covered my ears against the inner boom…it was a useless gesture, but still… 
“…use what we taught you, without showing mercy and without the slightest hesitation.  Don’t let anyone play on your sympathies and get the jump on you.  This goes double for any friggin’ familiar sucker…”
I backed away until my body was pressed against the wall.
Lyle started laughing.  But, there was no humor attached to the sound.  He stood up without any effort and glared at me.
“Seriously Babe, this isn’t how I envisioned it.  But, like always, you’re not giving me a choice!” he yelled at me harshly and I flinched.
“You’ve always got a choice, Lyle…” I offered in a quiet voice, attempting to size up the situation without escalating him any further.
“No, that’s where you’re wrong!  With you, it’s begging and cold showers…well, cold showers when one of your sisters’ isn’t in the full service mood…” he stated with contempt.
“Is that comment supposed to get a rise from me?  Here’s a shocker for ya’…you can’t cheat on a woman you’re not sleeping with.  I expected you to be sacking it out with other females, before and after every date we went on.  I wouldn’t be mad at them or you – life is one long series of choices.  If you were sleeping around while we were dating, then it only proves that we weren’t meant to be.  No harm…no foul…on my end, at least.  I didn’t lose anything more important than time to you, remember?
“Here’s another newsflash pal, I’m happy you found a way to fulfill your needs.  But, I am sorta curious about why you kept on pestering me for it, too.  Oh well, that’s not important at this juncture and you don’t need to answer it.
“You haven’t listened to a single word I’ve ever spoken.  So, I’m wasting too much on this nothing you’ve been fantasizing over.  But, I do feel as though I owe you a payback for helping me to my feet out there.  Here goes…oh, and you might wanna take notes, because this is the last time I’m saying these words.  Then, I’ve got other things to do…
“You and I are no longer a couple.  We’re not together in reality or fantasy.  I would eliminate my image from your memory if I had the power because I don’t want to be the reason you’re standing in a freezing shower, filled with resentment.  I want you to be happy.  So please, I’m begging you to screw your way through all nine sororities on campus if that will make you content.  You can even give me a play-by-play and I’ll applaud you and your lovers.  If that’s what you need to make you feel like more of a man, I’ll do it.  Be my guest and do anyone and everyone you please…” I informed him.
Lyle was so angry he was shaking.
“You won’t give it up to me…but, you’ll “first night it” to some hotshot jailbait?” he asked me.
“What are you talking about?”
“You won’t give it up to me…but, our rivals get your sympathy…romance you with some BS performance…you’re everything he imagines…right, Beach-Blondie?” he questioned, flicking my hair off my shoulder.
“This trend is getting annoying…I don’t get it!”
“You won’t give it up to me…but, you’ve got no problem grindin’ it and strippin’ it in public venues…”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” I exclaimed, getting furious.
“If you think I’m buying your airheaded act, then you’ve got another thing comin’.  You knew exactly what you were doing when you dissed me in front of the nation…”
I sighed and was ready to yell a little louder, but he butted in before I could say anything.
“Quit playing dumb…it doesn’t suit you!  I’m not allowed to walk into your inner sanctum, but Jailbait Freddie gets a personal escort to your bed and between your legs, first night??  Oh wait, I’m sure you two were “just talking”.  That’s what everyone does in the bedroom in the dark!
“Me and my boys take that punk Baxter and his team down on the field.  He comes cryin’ to you, post-game because he can’t cut it.  I can almost forgive the pity kiss you gave him in our parking lot.  But, the secret sing-a-long date was taking the pity party a little too far.  I’ll give it to you – you took him to a place where you thought you wouldn’t be recognized.
“Love that stunned look…never thought you’d get caught, huh?  I’ve got eyes and spies everywhere, Cheer-Ho.
“Those streetwalkin’ stilettos you’ve been wearing have been getting you plenty of attention.  But, stripping it down in BlitZed – well, I’ve gotta say that was some class act.  I lost count of how many guys you were grinding on.  Now, you show up here…who ya’ meeting?” Lyle asked and waited.
I stared him down, frostily.  That was all the answer he was going to get. 
“Wouldn’t be my dog, J-Spot, by any chance…would it?  Won’t matter, he’s being stood up anyway.  
“Old J-Spot and Jailbait, they both had a good laugh at my expense.  They knew those guys were your brothers because their pictures decorate your bedroom walls, right?  Jailbait told me that’s how he recognized them.  I’m sure that’s how J-Spot knows them too.
“You made a fool of me on national television and embarrassed me in front of my dad!  I didn’t even know you had any brothers to meet!” he exclaimed.
What I’m doing with any other single guy is none of Lyle’s business.  But, I did feel a slight twinge of guilt over not introducing him to my family or even showing him their picture while we were dating.
Of course, Lyle feels no regrets, whatsoever, about stalking me!  So the guilt subsided, quickly.
“That’s pathetic.  Get a life, Slim Sticky…” I offered flippantly.
Lyle was enraged.  He was huffing like a bull and red-faced from anger.  But, the pampered senator’s son hasn’t seen anything like a furious female gypsy.
All the rage I had reserved for Audrey was now directed at Lyle Harring.  I’m finished talking…
Then suddenly, those shadows in the hallway filed into the room.  Six other young men had been standing outside listening.  They are obviously Lyle’s friends, but I had never seen them before.  They were smugly staring at me with their arms crossed and appeared to be waiting for my reaction.
“Like I said a minute ago, this isn’t how I envisioned this happening…” Lyle declared as he closed the door and the room started filling with thick, gray mist.
The masked demon from earlier faded into a distant memory.
The real evil was seven strong, standing in a line and hungrily staring at me.
A pack of hungry wolves…preparing to feast…on their sacrificial lamb.

Chapter Forty One

Calculating the odds of performing another triple, aerial somersault to go over them got back-burnered.  I couldn’t see the guys through the blinding bank of fog.  Plus, the floor was already too slippery.
This chilling scenario was not covered by my big brothers.  Improvising, I crouched down and waited.  Within seconds I saw two sets of shoes approaching.
Creator, please help me!
I slid to the left and punched him behind his kneecap.  That is a vulnerable area of the body.  Taken by surprise, the guy was lying on the floor in no time.
“Oowww…she’s…” was all he got out before I kicked him in the neck.
The kick I landed was hard enough to send his suddenly, limp body sailing.  He rammed into someone.  That person shrieked, hit the floor with a thud and got silent.
The other guy nearest to me lunged in my direction.  That was a massive mistake.  The slick floor brought him down…no help from me, required.  He hit his forehead and knocked himself out.
Blood mixed with the primordial ooze as the moisture saturated the concrete.
Four to go…
I took another guy out by spinning my body and performing a leg sweep.  The back of his head cracked open.
The three that were left couldn’t see each other – much less find me.
“She should be out…” one of them informed the others.
“Stop pushin’ Man!  It’s not like she’s goin’ anywhere…” someone else said.
“Whoever finds her gets dibs…” another one said.
“I’m hitting it, first…don’t care who does what, after…” Lyle informed the others. 
“Got her!” someone exclaimed.
“That’s me you’re feeling up!” another one declared.
“I’m bleeding…can’t get my footing,” one of the guys who had hit the ground obviously came to.
I’m back to four…well, three and a half.
“Our coach will destroy us if we get injured playing around in snot, Stick…”
So, his friends are from another football team.
“Dude, that’s nasty!  Harring, this better not be snot I just landed in…”
“It’s not snot, Moron!  Just stand still…let it settle,” Lyle ordered.
My ex didn’t think this through.  Another one of the players regained consciousness.  He was trying to rouse his fallen comrade.  The comment he made suggested they have a different coach too.  So, these guys are athletes, but from at least three universities.
Talk of being benched for head injuries and catching some snot-related disease, stirred Lyle’s posse into hysterical anarchy.
I was slithering on my belly out of necessity.  Unlike the wall ooze that avoided me, the ooze on the floor wasn’t so cooperative.  I was getting slimed from head-to-toe.  My heart was pounding as I worked my way toward what I thought was the door.
Then, the unthinkable happened…
“Here she is!” one of the jocks told the others – and he really did have a hold of me.
Lifting me up by the waist, he was expecting a fight.  So, I went limp.  Like Lester, he reflexively tried to stop my fall.  Slipping through his arms, my shirt was pulled up.  It covered my eyes.
My sandwich baggie of valuables had nothing holding them against me anymore.  It crash landed and slid away.  In the commotion, I had forgotten all about my cell phone that used to be hidden in my cleavage.
I fell to the ground, blinded by fabric but I still started scrambling.  I was trying to get away from my captor, pull my shirt down and simultaneously, retrieve my items.  If I can power up my phone, my family will track it.
Feeling nothing but slime, I removed my shirt from my eyes just in time to see my captor slip.  I moved as fast as I could, but I still unintentionally cushioned his fall with my back.  Pain radiated through every fiber of my body.
“Come here!” he yelled as he turned to grab me.
Even though I got away, my escape from his grasp would be a hollow victory.  I was having a hard time breathing, which can only mean I broke a rib or two.  That particular fracture can puncture my lung.  I could internally bleed to death.  But, equally important, I can’t fight for my life if I can’t breathe! 
Maker, please I need you to do something!
“Dude, you said she was out…” one of the other guys informed them, sounding scared.
“Enough…everyone shut up!  And for Kripe’s sake, stop moving…” Lyle commanded.
The slime and blood were being absorbed as the floor started transforming into something that I thought was a sponge.
Oh heaven help me…the fog bank was slowly lifting and a room-sized bed is rising!
“She’s buzzed, man…takes different amounts for different people…” one of the guys informed the others once Lyle gave them permission to speak.
“I thought it was measured by weight.  She should be dead!  I didn’t sign…” the guy closest to me tried to back out, but Lyle wouldn’t let him.
“Smitt, you were the first to sign up, remember?  Stop whinin’ like a scared baby.  It’s not like she’ll remember any of this.  Even if she does remember something, it’ll be scrambled.  I’ve seen it before…no cop is gonna believe her.  So, you’re gonna take your turn just like you were bragging about earlier – got it?” he threatened him.
“I’m still in, man…let go of me!”
“You didn’t listen and started moving around.  You’re acting like a pack of wild animals.  I told you – you’ve gotta wait for it…” Lyle said, snidely.
“Hey Treemar, where do you think you’re going?” Smitt asked him when he noticed one of the players trying to turn the handle on the door.
“He’s not goin’ anywhere – right, my Man?  That door’s made of solid steel and Malfo won’t unlock it until I give the say so.  He won’t turn the key anyway…until he’s been entertained…” Lyle informed them.
“I wasn’t leavin’…I was just goin’ to get that Audrey chick.  You said she’d be joining us…” he nervously made an obvious excuse, but they took the bait.
“Malfo, our girl wants to entertain with some chick named Audrey…” Lyle shouted through the small pane of glass.
I didn’t get a glimpse of our would-be voyeur, but I could see my attackers clearly.  Lyle’s gang looked like they had been involved in a train wreck carrying toxic waste, but my ex was spotless.
Assuming I was buzzed and compliant, they ignored me and waited in anticipation for their delivery.
Malfo returned and unlocked the door without a word from Lyle.  Audrey stumbled inside – partially dressed and woozy.  Her eyes were vacant.  She couldn’t get her bearings and fell to the padded ground.
Her hand landed across the face of her son.  My valuables…
“Who’s stuff is this??” Smitt questioned, anxiously as he inspected the baggie.
“That’s a phone!” a guy wearing a bright red shirt exclaimed.
“Give it…” Lyle said casually and Smitt handed my things to him.
He didn’t even look at the contents before he smashed my phone against the wall.
“There…happy, now…Nervous Skirt?” Lyle asked.
“Austell’s shakin’ like a wuss…” the red shirt guy commented.
“Everyone knows guards are the wusses…” Austell shot back.
“Cells don’t work back here for nothing…” a guy wearing a yellow shirt informed the others.
“‘…don’t work back here for nothing?’ – man, how’d you get into college?” Smitt asked him, sarcastically.
“Cell phone signals are jammed back here.  The camera doesn’t even work…” Lyle offered, before he smashed my phone against the wall one more time, to make sure it was busted.
I guess he doesn’t have much faith in the jammer.
“Everyone shut it about the phone…it’s destroyed.  Now, which one of you Ding-Dongs made the comment about, why my girl is still moving?  This is what happens when the hook goes too deep…drooling…jabbering…like doing a dead fish,” Lyle told them, holding Audrey up by her hair to exhibit her for his buddies.
Her hairline was bleeding from being tugged.  Even though my friend didn’t react like Lyle was hurting her, at some point the pain will catch up.  This psychedelic hook they’re using works better than any date rape drug I have ever heard of.  It doesn’t render a person unconscious.  It makes them numb and unconcerned about what’s happening to them.
I just went through my own brief experience of being caught on that hook.  I suppose Lyle pulled me out of it before the drug got too tight of a grip on my mind.
But, why are the football players not feeling any effects?  They were with me in this inordinately long and enclosed room.
Wait, better question, why am I not buzzed this time around?  I didn’t have an answer for either one.  I tossed the inquiry on my “answer later” stack.
The guys were excitedly working out the details of their impending violations.  Lyle has decided he will rape me alone because the others have another female to play with.  He will be generous and let the others watch if they want to.  But, he’s no longer willing to share me with them.
Audrey is their unexpected bonus.  The other players had to decide which order to violate her – all of them feel they deserve to go first.  The only thing they could agree on was that Lyle has to go last with her.
They were debating, calling each by their football positions instead of their names.  Austell wasn’t the only guard in the room.  One of the other guys was also a guard for a different team.  One guy was a safety, one was a full back, one was a tackle and one guy was on his college’s special teams.  They never did say which actual position he played, but they referred to him as Special-P.  At least, I have some way to identify all of them.
Audrey will know what they are doing to her and will be aware that she’s being raped.  But, she won’t fight against it or say no.  She’s incapable of acting in her own interest while she’s on the hook.  She can’t do anything to stop them.  She’ll just lie where they toss her and suffer through the violations.  The pain won’t register until the drug wears off.  And, she won’t be able to identify her attackers.
Her memory will be fragmented.  After all, I hallucinated seeing a demon when I walked inside.  Although I figure it was a guy in a very convincing demon mask, I wasn’t exposed to the drug for very long.
The players were still debating as Audrey started reaching out.  At first, I thought she was trying to touch me, but I was mistaken.  She fought through the drug-induced effects to get my valuables.
Tucker’s smile was the only visible part of the photograph.  That was all she needed to see…
A solitary tear slid down her cheek as she stroked it with her fingertip…
And something…from somewhere deep inside my spirit…broke free.
I could feel whatever it was overwhelming my body, my thoughts and my intentions.  But, like all mental breakdowns I couldn’t do anything to stop it.
Audrey is helpless…but, I’m not.
I’ve got to get her out of this place…
Or I will die making the attempt!

Part Three

“Out of the deep and timeless darkness…rises the undisturbed hidden…
The Fated, once unleashed...never returns to its gentle resting place…”

Chapter Forty Two

Standing up slowly, I crushed my arms against my ribs.  My breathing was shallow as I braced myself to feel the pain.  Nothing happened…
Our would-be assailants were so engrossed in their juvenile argument they didn’t see me get up.
Oddly though, I was no longer experiencing anger, rage or anything really.  My emotions were completely detached from me.  I am suddenly a calculating shell of what might just turn out to be a remorseless killer.
This seems so surreal…
I know for a fact that Austell’s shirt is red.  But, it looks dark gray to me…maybe, even black.  And, I know beyond all doubt that the dim lighting in this room should be muted white.  It isn’t anymore…the light is slate gray and the dust particles that I can see are a shimmering lighter shade of neutral.
I would have believed the drugs had rendered me color-blind.  However, I could discern eye color and hair color.  But, skin tones were a different story.
It could possibly be the lighting, but all of our skin has a bluish-gray pallor.  The smeared blood that I caught a glimpse of is a lavender shade of gray.  That helped explain our skin coloring.  It’s almost like our blood no longer transports oxygen, even though we are definitely breathing.
Maybe, we’re the walking dead…
The silly zombie thought should have made me giggle.  But, emotions are required to feel things.  So my rational brain dismissed the absurd notion as irrelevant information and continued to investigate…plot…analyze.
Seven lucid attackers…preoccupied…but not for much longer.
Two victims…
One defenseless…partially clothed and barely coherent…no shoes…diamond tennis bracelet…another bracelet of unknown origin…no necklace equals no accidental choking hazard…one earring in her right ear…the other stud appeared to have been yanked out violently…remove the right one if the opportunity presents.
The second victim…me…I am still fully clothed…coated in slime…barefooted…injuries are imperceptible and minimal…
My attackers anticipate that I am drugged and wounded…I will have the element of surprise.
One voyeur…disinterested until the clothes come off.
Unknown amount of others…they will not provide the victims with assistance…they…
That was as far as I got in my analytical process because Lyle finally saw me standing.  Assuming a great deal, he was ready to get things started.  I pulled off my slimy shirt and massaged my shoulders.  It would have been more enticing if I could have licked my lips.  But, the ooze had dried and was caked on.  I couldn’t risk ingesting any more of the drug for a mere seductive gesture.
“You guys hash it through without me.  My lady’s already revved up and waiting.  You can watch, but nobody better touch…” he warned them.
 He didn’t have any qualms about ingesting the sludge.  Lyle kissed me and put my arms around his neck.
“See isn’t this better than fighting?  I’ve wanted you so bad…for so long…” he whispered as his hands made their journey up my back.
I waited until he neared the clasp for my bra.  Then, I slid my palms along the top side of his muscular arms.  I wasn’t using any pressure but he responded by lowering his hands back down – delaying gratification.
“Ummm…not really…but, now you’ve got me,” I breathlessly replied.
He wasn’t prepared for the knee.  Lyle doubled-over in instantaneous agony.  His light blue skin was turning purplish-gray.  I performed an airborne roundhouse-kick with precision.  It landed on the side of his skull, knocking him out.  I had never used any karate moves, so my choice was mildly surprising.
The bedding surface gave way as I landed and I almost lost my balance.  Some invisible force seemed to shove me back into an upright position.
Six football players rushed me, intent on performing a tackle.  They expected me to dodge, so instead I ran right for them.  Confused by my reaction, some of them tried to stop and some of them kept on coming.  Calculating the spring factor into my move I launched my body at the closest player.  I used Austell’s shoulders like I would a vault in gymnastics.
The downward momentum of my impact combined with his forward lean.  Austell hit the mattress covered floor, face first.  And, his body sprang back up just in time to collide with my bent elbow.  I had landed primed and ready to destroy, like my brothers taught me.  I jabbed my elbow into his lower back.  He shrieked from the pain and his body went careening like a ragdoll.
I didn’t have time to look at where he landed because the tackler jumped me.  He had my arms pinned and was trying to trip me.
My initial thought was to lean forward, but Treemar and the safety had started heading our way.  So, I used every ounce of force inside me to push me and the tackler, backwards.
My captor had miscalculated my leg strength.  He started stumbling, but at least he didn’t let go of me.  His body collided with the steel door at the same time I kicked Treemar in the face and the safety in the groin.
They went sailing backwards and slammed into Special-P and the full back.  All four were dazed or unconscious.
The tackler released his hold involuntarily with a loud ‘humph’.  I performed a forward flip.  My bare heels caught him like an uppercut, hitting him squarely on the chin.  He was out like a light.
Seven attackers disabled…
Both victims are safe…
The door unlocked and the laughing voyeur was pushing the heavy, limp body out of his way.
I hoisted Audrey up and moved her to the back part of the room.  She was still so out of it that she couldn’t assist me.  But, she seemed to be fighting to stay put.
Tucker’s picture…that’s what she wants.  I leaped for the baggie that held it.
I didn’t have time to run back to her.  So, I tossed the valuables in her direction and faced my newest problem.
Unlike human skin, Malfo’s outer layer was grayish-pink and crusty.  I wonder what he is.
His flesh reminds me of an armadillo.  I searched his exoskeleton attempting to find an area of vulnerability.  I didn’t see one…
“I have no weakness…” he informed me as if he could read my thoughts.
He closed the door behind him and locked it with a skeleton key.  Removing a knife from his pocket, he sliced Austell’s wrist to prove it was real.  Lavender colored blood seeped from the open wound.  Then, Malfo started stabbing himself in random places…his leg…his groin…his stomach…his neck…
By the time he was finished, the blade was shaped like an accordion.  He wasn’t injured either.
“Witness breeder…your dominant enters.  I will take great pleasure in the strickening process should you still be viable at that stage.  We initiate at a tolerable level…a reward as such for your winesome…is that correctful terminology?” he asked me.
“Judging by the context, I assume you feel you are my superior and plan to breed me through force.  I don’t recognize your accent.  So, I don’t know what realm you’re from.
“Also, still using the context, I believe strickening means something painful and lethal.  You plan to start the assault with something that won’t kill me because I bested the other seven that were in here.  That’s my reward.
“But, clarify something for me.  You know how to use the word “terminology” appropriately in a sentence, but you don’t know the more simple word “win”? How did that come to be? Oh, before you answer that, let me just tell you that “correctful” is not even a word…well, not an English word, at least…” I informed him in monotone.
I wasn’t being sarcastic.  I really wanted to know how he could manage to learn a complex term, but butcher something simple like ‘win’.
“Mayhap I was the generosity whereas I should have shown none.  Your foul mouth…”
“Hold up.  Mayhap…I think that might be a middle or old English expression.  I wasn’t being foul mouthed, better defined as sarcastic.  I am curious, though…”
He started glowing pink.
“Understanding hath achieved…I no longer the gregarious…” he declared nonsense through his fury.
“Let’s dispense with the conversation, shall we?  It appears to be agitating you and that must affect your fluency.  I don’t know how to interpret…” I offered, factually.
Malfo was raging mad when he threw the warped knife at my feet.  I picked it up and scoped it out.
“That is some handiwork.  One would think the tip would have broken off…” I said to no one in particular.
Malfo the invincible started disrobing in angry silence.
“My curiosity out in the main area was a morbid, but fleeting phenomenon.  I’m no longer interested in seeing what lies below…” I told him, spinning the tip of the bent knife in my palm.
“Self-interest is un-required.  As superior breed dominant, you the service,” he stated and his pants fell to the floor.
I didn’t glance at his private region as he stalked over to me.  His fingers were tangling my hair as he pulled me closer to him.  I smiled before plunging the twisted knife into his left eye.  It was all over for Malfo – even the crying.
“Mayhap, I found your weakness…no, that word doesn’t work for me…” I stated as I took the key from his clutches.
Except for his molten type skin and complete lack of blood, Malfo appears to be human.  I wonder what realm he hails from.  He could share a mixed heritage.  I couldn’t ask him anything else because he died before he hit the floor.
Austell had succumbed to his injury.  The other players are still alive, with various degrees of awareness.
Audrey was curled up and rocking my valuables.  The broken glass from my phone had sliced her hand.  It was dripping lavender colored fluid.  I crouched down beside her shivering body.  I was still that unemotional shell of a calculating person.  Her tears had no effect on me.  The door is closed, but I have the key.  I needed to remove her from this area, but I will leave the surviving players locked in.
Although I had no emotional response to lend, I knew how to perform the right action based on previous experience.  I stroked Audrey’s hair while I spoke softly to her.
“I understand why you want to clutch those inanimate objects.  But, you’re sustaining further injury by doing so.  Might I suggest we remove…” I started to say before I was interrupted.
The male in the demon mask, along with numerous others of his kind, unlocked the door and entered the room, clapping.  I stood up and faced them, blocking Audrey’s body with my own.  She embraced my ankles, held a death grip on Tucker’s picture and started whimpering.
She’s petrified…she knows what’s coming…
My observation of the demon masked tribe netted me nothing helpful.  These men had thick, clear scales protecting their eyes.  Their grayish-orange skin has razor-sharp spikes protruding from all angles.
How did I collide into him, earlier and not get impaled??
There are a few spaces in between the spikes, but those appeared to be impenetrable.  Their private areas are covered with what might be tin, at least for the time being.  One of the men noticed I was looking at his midsection and would answer my question through action.  He withdrew the spikes on his stomach and they reappeared while I was watching.  I can assume all the spikes are retractable and cover his entire body.  These men have no exposed areas.  I see no way to stop them or even incapacitate them without killing myself in the process.
“My followers can remove the human refuse at your request…” the one who must be their leader informed me.
“It’s inconsequential.  They’ve lost interest in what they came to accomplish…” I responded.
“You are indeed, pragmatic.  This anomaly can be attributed to a rare side-effect of the hook that has never manifested in this realm or within your species…interesting…” the leader offered.
“All drugs ingested in this realm can have adverse reactions…” I told him.
“Ahhhh, but the hook is not a drug, nor is it a toxin.  It is better defined as a ‘Weaving’…” he stated.
They were tossing football players out into the hallway.  When they got to Malfo, they stopped and looked at their leader in anticipation.
“Feast…” he said.
The others tore Malfo’s corpse apart.  They started gnawing, fighting and chewing.
“Athletes, even the bulky ones, are too lean.  Makes their meat stringy, almost tasteless…” the leader stated.
“Malfo wasn’t into sports, I take?”
“He was more of a spectator – soft but dehydrated from fluid reduction.  Cooking tenderizes but, raw ingestion is much more satisfying.  You appear curious.  Would you like to try a piece?” the leader asked while picking up what used to be a foot and offering it to me.
“It doesn’t look very appetizing, so I think I’ll pass…”
He bit into the flesh and his teeth were razor sharp too.  Tossing the scraps to his followers, he swallowed before he spoke again.
“My tongue has a smooth side…” he offered as he reached down and picked up the warped knife that still had Malfo’s eye skewered on it. 
“I can tell.  And, I appreciate the knowledge.  But, I won’t have any use for it…”
The leader daintily plucked the eye off of the knife and tossed it to his feasting men.  Then, he used the smooth side of his tongue to right the knife.  It didn’t even have a crease after he finished demonstrating that it can’t be used to hurt him.
“What can I call you?” he inquired.
“I don’t suppose you’d call me a cab or an ambulance for my injured colleague…” I quipped, emulating Tray’s sarcasm.
“That would be a correct supposition.”
“You speak fluent English.  Is that your first language?”
“How absurd…”
“I take that as a ‘no’…”
“You have no spiritual giftings, yet you are familiar with other realms and inhabitants.  How does something that uncharacteristic come to pass?”
“Also inconsequential because it appears I won’t be alive long enough to make any formal introductions…”
“You are different than the other breed stocks found here.  Tell me, are you as fragile as they…”
“It depends on which sense of the word you’re referring to…”
“I have never strickened a human…”
“So, why are you here?”
“A malevolent show of distressed maidens, beasts using them to fulfill their raw, masculine needs, complete with a gory and eventual fatal finale’…I would have thought our interest would have been painfully obvious…”
“Okay, what you’re telling me is that you and your masked tribe are no different than Malfo the tar-tar roast…except for the deadly spikes?”
“Malfo hails from our realm, but alas he is from a subservient region.  The wagers placed on the heads of the damsels at the point of their demise can reach quite staggering figures.  Without a financial means to wager, Malfo turned to those who make unscheduled appearances such as yourself.  The breeder worshipping at your feet was removed from our scheduled performance.
“Her fiery hair is more stimulating than the others.  Thus, I switched the channel.  My masked tribe was content watching what they paid for.  Alas they fear protesting my decisions…
“My masked tribe…that is what you call us, yes?”
“I don’t call you anything, but I have to have some way to reference you and yours.  It seemed counterproductive to call you Spike and them, Spikeys.  You all share that body feature, but your masks are distinctive…”
“We are from a hostile realm, in a region forged through acrid fire.  Our bodies serve us, as opposed to this soft, spoiled realm where the majority serves their bodies…”
“I don’t really have an adequate response for that comment.  If we didn’t serve our bodies they would die.  But, some people do take things to extremes…like this club or whatever this is that we’re standing in.
“Nigel Gray must be one demented little Polecat to be involved in something this perverse…” I offered, conversationally.
“Ah yes, Nigel Gray…he, who is barely a respectable Lutastrim.  Considering his breed master was proportionally human, Nigel lacks many things…personality, stature, cunning and intellect.  This club is not his creation, nor does he have the craft to conceive of something this elaborate.
“Nigel is but a trained beast…easily molded through subtle intimidation blended with a compliment on rare occasion.  He screens, employees and then, sends a very select breeding staff to this location.  They are self-delivered as Nigel has never visited the Gray Hook.  Should he ever be permitted, we would surely be rid of his company, permanently and with great haste.  His breeding habits are frustratingly infrequent in this realm due to the influence of his male-form biological contributor.  Earth dwellers are shallow and place value on appearances.  Nigel is devoid of attraction.  At least, this is what I have been told…”
“Never heard of Lutastrim…and, your sources are accurate.  Nigel’s like a fish out of water on this planet.  His appearance has taken a certain amount of rehabbing…” I stated and then, stopped talking.
I had planned to keep detailing what we do to make Gray appear more human, but my vision started playing tricks on me.
Colors swirled and parted, trying to find their appropriate canvases.  My emotions came and went and returned in random patterns.  I was fluctuating between having a nervous breakdown and cool detachment from reality.
My emotionless state is being stripped away and the returning cataclysm of feelings was horrendous.  But, my airway was also being blocked.  My inability to breathe quickly took priority.  Clawing at my throat, I need oxygen from somewhere!
Spike, the leader, watched me try to rip through my flesh in disinterest.  Maybe he thinks this is another side effect of the Weaving…
The inner transformation finished as suddenly as it started, but I still couldn’t breathe.  Swaying, the room seemed to tip with me as I fell to my knees on the soft cushiony surface.  I was overwhelmed as my human condition slammed back into my spirit, full force.
Fear…trepidation…revulsion…fury…flight…fight…relief…love…hatred…every mortal feeling converged and was delivered back to me.
The world righted itself.
A brilliant flash like lightning bathed the room, holding all of us as hostages inside its wonder.  By the time it faded, the colors had also returned to their correct places.
Kneeling already, I reached behind me and grasped Audrey by the arm…now, as petrified as she is.
The obstruction preventing me from breathing was violently yanked away.  Coughing and gagging at first, I drew in what felt like my first breath ever.
It was as though I was dead and I had to be reborn.  My blood warmed and I could feel it as it started to recirculate.  Air filled my lungs and they were expanding.  Each stimulus was a new perception.
Even my five senses were reawakened.  My vision is sharper.  My hearing is crisper.  Although I had nothing to drink or eat, I feel sure I can taste even the slightest hint of an ingredient because I can smell the faintest odors.
I could feel Audrey’s body temperature fluctuate…her rapid heartbeat pulsing underneath my fingertips…I could, not only feel her shivers, I could sense them from their origins.
I am still me…but, I’m also so much more… 
My human capacity reached its limit.  Once again, the world started spinning.  I lost my grip on Audrey, but she would somehow cling to me.
My limp upper body twisted as she weakly tugged me.  My back was to the masked demons.
Audrey silently mouthed the words, “You found me…”
I was lying in a pool of her tears.  She didn’t have enough strength to hold the baggie.  It was left behind when someone from the masked demon tribe pulled her away.
Tucker’s smile was the last thing I saw before the darkness took me…


Chapter Forty Three

Haunted whispers…
Sounds of violence…
Angry voices threatening…
Fear of the dark…
Imperceptible shadows…
Feeling of foreboding… 
Those were the things I experienced, in that order, while I struggled to come awake.  My body was hurting, inside and out.
My pillows were over my face.  The weight felt wrong as I shook my head.  Papers, photographs and my backpack spilled off the bed.  The bracket holding the shelf had given way during the night.
Why was my book bag on that narrow shelf??  It’s designed to hold knickknacks…
I might have a concussion.  I attempted to reach up and feel my head, but my arm was pinned.  Panicking at first because I thought I was being held prisoner, I realized my whole body was twisted up in my covers.  It was like they had attacked me and I had fought against them.
I hogtied myself in my bedding…
Laughing, I worked to wiggle free.  But the covers were so tight in certain places that they had cut off the circulation to my extremities.
“That was one horrific dream…” I said aloud.
“Whimmy dream um hum…” someone said below me.
Who is that??
My arms and legs felt like they were being assaulted by stabbing needles, but the covers finally came off.  My extremities were limp and useless, so I used my body to turn to see my guest.  But, stopping my moving body required some stability and I didn’t have any.  I fell on top of Audrey, who was reclining in my guest bed.
“Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry!  Did I hurt you??”
“Me low is thyme no signing…” she jabbered with her eyes still closed.
Fragments of recollections assaulted my thoughts.  The details were buried deep underneath the surface.  Although I didn’t know what exactly happened to me, the word “rape” kept repeating.  That wasn’t a nightmare I had! 
Terror ripped through me as I rolled off of Audrey.  Massaging my arms, I waited to get the feeling back in them.  My legs were still tingling when I dragged myself to the full length mirror.  It took some effort, but I managed to sit up.
I tilted the mirror down so I could inspect the upper part of my body.  My face is streaked with makeup, otherwise it is fine.  A fingertip inspection of my skull revealed no scrapes or bumps.  However, my hair is tangled and matted with an unknown sticky substance.
Before I could continue performing an upper body inspection, an odd sensation caught my attention.  Something feels wrong between my legs.
Rape…rape…rape…
I have on someone else’s jeans because they don’t fit.  They are unbuttoned and unzipped and my thighs are soaked in blood!
On a frantic type of autopilot, I pushed through the stabbing pins and needles.  I used my computer chair to stand up.  Grabbing a pair of sweatpants and a sweatshirt with a hood, I yanked them on without looking at anymore of my body.
I need to go to an emergency room and so does Audrey.  But, I can’t let my sisters see us like this.  They will come unglued.  And, my watchers (whoever they are) will react to the commotion.  Why are they here, anyway??
Although I don’t know what they might do, I realize they will blame one of my momma’s.  I have four mommas.  I can’t remember them…or which one is which…or which one will take the flack.  But, nothing that happened to me is my momma’s fault – that, I’m sure of.  Those ‘guards’ won’t see it like that.
Confused and alarmed…I can’t remember my own mommas??
Instead of freaking out over what I don’t know, I need to focus on what I do.
I am Krista somebody or other.  That is Audrey.  If she has a last name I don’t remember it.  She is my friend.  I know how to tell time – it’s 3:05 in the morning.  I live in a sorority and my sisters should be asleep.
The rain has stopped.  But, my guards will notice me carrying an injured girl…if I’m even strong enough to carry her.
Wait, I can call Command in another galaxy and ask them to trans-am us.  No that’s not the right word…it starts with trans.  Did I sustain a head injury??
I went tearing through my bedroom, looking for my phone.  Surely something will be in it and will help jog my memory.  My purse, wallet and phone are nowhere to be found.  My ID, cash and credit card were also MIA.  Keys to my sister’s convertible were in the bowl near the door.  And, so were the keys to someone’s SUV.  Who owns the SUV??  No name would come to me.
I can’t seem to recall anyone’s phone number off the top of my head either.  This isn’t good…
Where did my stuff go??
I tiptoed downstairs to investigate the perimeter of the house.  I saw the SUV parked in a nearby, dimly lit guest space.  That’s right! I borrowed it from someone’s guest.  However, one of the people spying on me happens to be parked almost directly across from it.
My sister’s Mustang is on the opposite side of the house, but it is bathed in light.  The mean guy, what’s his name, that is looking for Audrey is illegally parked.  He has a great vantage of the Mustang.  Also, at least two guards are watching that car.  They are suspicious of the guy waiting in his truck.  Taking my sister’s car is not an option.
Considering whether to call a taxi or a car service, I spent ten minutes debating while I re-investigated the guest’s SUV.  It would be risky to call either.  The driver would likely call in an incident to his dispatcher and report us.
Four years ago, a car service picked up a drunken underage guy from a Greek party on this campus.  The boy ended up dying in their backseat from alcohol poisoning.  The campus instituted a new policy.  If a co-ed appears to be too high or incoherent, campus security and the local police have to be called out to the scene.  They would take us to the hospital, but officers would swarm around my house.  My sorority could receive a reprimand from the school, which could threaten our charter.  Although I still can’t remember what had happened to me and Audrey, I know it had nothing to do with my house or anyone in it.  There is no evidence of a party.
I can remember a news event that happened before I even started this college, but I can’t remember my mommas’ names’??  Why do I have four moms? 
My guard on the guest side of the house didn’t move a muscle during my internal debate.  He must be asleep…or at least I pray he is.  I decided my only course of action would be to borrow the SUV again.  I hope I can remember how to get back here in the morning…and that I remember how to drive.
I couldn’t remember the combination to my safe.  I almost started crying in frustration when something useful dawned on me.  The combination is stored under a file marked LRIGHUD on my computer.  That spells DUH GIRL backwards.
The things I can remember are evidently, random…
It was odd, but the contents of my safe looked unfamiliar to me.  I could’ve sworn I had an emergency credit card in here in g-mom’s name.
G-mom…I remember g-mom!
No, I can’t remember what g-mom stands for or recall her actual name.  She must be one of my ‘four-mom-grouping’.  At that point, I started hyperventilating.
Grabbing all the cash I could find in my safe, I didn’t bother to count it.
“Everything will come back when you calm down and stop panicking…” I said that aloud and Audrey babbled nonsense.
A picture of my family is lying on top of the pile.  Those are my brothers, sisters, my parents, g-mom, grandma (who I consider my mom), niece and nephews.  Of course, I couldn’t remember a single name to put with any of them.  I yanked the picture out of the frame and stuffed it in an over-sized purse.  Just having my no-name family on my person was calming.  Before I left, I stuffed a clean pair of thin jogging pants and a fresh pair of underwear into my purse beside the photo and my cash.
Audrey was still incoherent when I hoisted her up.  I attempted to keep her quiet.  But she never stopped rambling while we stumbled towards the back door.
Her legs would intermittently buckle under, but I only dropped her once on our awkward journey to the borrowed SUV.  I tossed Audrey in the backseat because she can’t sit up.  I slid the driver’s seat forward and prayed as I inched out of the space.
I pulled on to the roadway keeping an eye on my spy in the rearview mirror.  He was still parked when I turned on my headlights and drove away.
The gas tank was filled.  Although I don’t remember it, I must have done that on the drive home.  Maybe I left my purse at the gas station.  My missing purse and items weren’t my biggest worry.  Last night my world turned upside, down and I lost most of myself in the chaos.
That’s the more pressing issue…for sure.

Chapter Forty Four
  
Nearly a half hour later, I pulled into the hospital entrance.  We were in the next county.  I have no clue why I didn’t go to the one closest to my sorority, but I felt compelled to remain anonymous.  That certainly won’t take much effort on my part because all I can remember is my first name and Audrey’s.
Still, it didn’t feel safe to give admissions’ our real names.  So, I made up new ones for both of us.
“Okay Christie, we’ll get you checked out after you answer some questions about your friend, Andrea.  What did she take?” the male nurse gently asked me.
“Andrea…home…Christie…please…” Audrey told her.
“This is the way I found her.  I honestly don’t know…” I replied.
“Did you take the same thing?”
“I told you…I found her that way.  I didn’t take anything to my knowledge…”
“Were you two at a party?”
“Home…no…please…party…thing…” Audrey babbled as I tried to calm her down.
The nurse finally rolled her into a room and put her in a bed.  Then, he escorted me to a different room to finish asking his questions.
“You were telling me about the party…” the nurse reminded me.
“No, I wasn’t.  Neither one of us drinks alcohol or parties…”
“You’re sure about that?  Your friend seems extremely inebriated.  The doctor will need to know what she took to safely treat her.”
“I’m sure we weren’t out partying or drinking.  To my knowledge, she didn’t take anything and neither did I.  I’m not saying something wasn’t given to us…just that we didn’t willingly do this to ourselves…”
He spent another few minutes going around in a circle with me, trying to make me admit that we were out running wild and our partying got out of hand.
“Look, I’m on the level.  Andrea doesn’t drink or do drugs and neither, do I.  So, if you find something in her toxicology report then, it was slipped to her without her knowledge.  Maybe, it’s a date rape drug.
“All I know for sure is she needs medical attention and I think I might have been sexually assaulted.  So, I would appreciate it if you would stop asking me the same questions in a different pattern to see if I will slip up and spill the guilt about us being naughty.
“You’re not a cop and this isn’t an interrogation!  We’re not criminals and we didn’t do anything wrong.  I found her, incoherent.  She’s my friend and I think someone hit me over the head when I went to check on her.  I wasn’t drinking, drugging, snorting or smoking.  And, neither was she, at least not voluntarily.
“I demand to see a doctor, right now…and a gendered female one, at that!  If I don’t get a woman doctor and I have a seizure or something, I’ll have my family sue you personally for chatting me up when you should be providing me with emergency medical assistance.  Now please, I’m begging you…go get me a physician,” I stated, succinctly.
Wow, I sound just like g-mom.  Her name is Elizabeth Stewart!  I remember her…
I am Krista Stewart and I want my g-mommy…
The nurse finally left me and a physician came in about five minutes later.  After detailing my medical and sexual history for her, I explained that someone must have knocked me out.
“The clothes underneath my sweats are the ones I woke up wearing.  I pulled them on for the ride here.  I didn’t shower or disturb anything.  I wanted to preserve the evidence…” I told her as I peeled off layers.
“You sound like a criminal justice student.  Do you go to college around here?”
“No (not around here, I thought to myself). I just enjoy watching crime shows (when I was twelve I did)…” I replied.
“What about these bruises around your wrists and ankles…do you know how you sustained those?” she asked.
“Cheerleading and gymnastics…I coach (my niece, Haven Ivester when I’m at home)…”
Yay, another name came back to me!
“I thought the expression is those who can’t do, teach.  So, you coach but you’re not on a team?”
“It’s sort of a unique program where I demonstrate stunts.  I cheered through college and took gymnastics for about ten years when I was younger.  I coach (Haven) with assistance from my brothers.  They taught me everything I know (about self-defense and fighting)…”
“How many brothers do you have?”
“Three…Tray…Jaysen…and Reid…”
“Are they younger than you?”
“No, they’re all older.  I also have three older sisters…Ember…Willow…and Fallon.  And, four nephews Zander, Quinn, Luke and Mikey…”
I would have kept right on telling her the names of my family members, but another female nurse came in to oversee my procedure.
She was smiling, sympathetic and friendly while the physician carefully examined me.  She bagged my jeans and tank top for evidence.
“That should do it.  Now, you can shower and then wait for me in here.  I’ll be back, shortly,” the physician said.
I stood in the stream of water not knowing how I should feel.  I was terrified to hear the doctor’s report.  But, I was elated because I could recall my family members.
I also remember practically everything about my movements and activities in recent days.  But last night is a giant black hole.
I know I found Audrey somewhere because I distinctly remember her mouthing the words “You found me…” when she was lying on a bed.  But, where I found her, why we were on a bed together and what happened to us was still eluding me.
The bruises around my wrists and ankles could very well be attributed to my cheerleading.  The national routine I performed with my squad at the Warming is mainly spent doing aerial stunts.  Jarron (who is my spotter – yay!) has to catch me by my wrists and has to grip my ankles during parts of it.
But, the blood between my thighs…well, that’s not from cheerleading.
I didn’t see any bruising besides those the doctor asked me about.  I also wasn’t hurting or aching in my private area.  I had to shampoo my hair three times before all the goop was washed away.
Drying off slowly, I put on my fresh clothes.  I went back into the exam room to wait for the doctor to render her verdict.  My filthy, bloody clothes had been removed from the sealed evidence bag and put in another one marked “Patient Belongings”.  I looked at them, curiously.
The waiting was killing me.  I stepped out into the hallway to find a doctor or a nurse.  But, everyone was tied up.  They were dealing with six boys who were involved in a serious car crash and had sustained multiple injuries.
My medical chart was tucked in the tray outside my door.  I opened it and read the contents.
I had been moved from the Yellow team (all males) to the Pink team (all females).  The male nurse also noted that I had “threatened a lawsuit”.
The doctor noted possible victim of date rape.  My toxicology results had been shoved into the binder.  They read, negative for drugs and alcohol.  No fluids, bruising or genital tears were visible during the examination.  No penetration had occurred and patient’s hymen is fully intact.  Bleeding attributed to heavy, unexpected menstruation.  The physician noted clearly…no signs of sexual assault.
I was not raped!!
Performing a happy dance in the middle of the hallway, I thanked the Creator for watching over me and keeping my rare and special gift safe for my future husband.  I rarely have a period because of the amount of exercise I get.  But, I haven’t been running, practicing or even cheerleading on the field.  This is a bye-week.  My hormones must have kicked in from inactivity.  That’s all…it was just my period sneaking up on me.
I will have to reimburse Sherry for her clothes and apologize for taking her SUV a second time without obtaining her permission.  That’s right…the SUV belongs to Sherry Nodd!  She’s Becca’s friend and a cheerleader on my squad.  I remember all my sorority sisters, too.
Tossing all the bloody clothes in a bio-hazard garbage can, I went to find Audrey.  She was sitting behind a curtain, all alone and appeared terrified.  Her chart was nowhere to be found.
“Home please…Christie…home…Andrea…” she stated, repeatedly.
At least, her words make sense.  The ER staff was still overwhelmed by the motor vehicle accident victims.  So, I helped myself to the unlocked computer at the nurses’ station.  I have to make sure it’s safe to move my friend.
She had been assigned to the Yellow team.  Her toxicology report was negative for intoxicants.  Dr. Joel B. had her scheduled for an MRI and wrote possible head trauma.  Her rape kit had either, not been processed or the results had not made it into the system.  But, if and when those results do come through, the cops and the hospital staff will have questions.
The pieces of last night were starting to come together for me.  Audrey needs to be checked out by an Ava’shay or Tarrish physician.  One that can screen for foreign DNA found in other realm dwellers.  Whoever attacked her was not from earth.  That means, they will likely quarantine Audrey because they won’t be able to figure out where the DNA came from.  Who knows how long they will hold her.  I’ve got to get her out of here.
“Tucker please…smile…home…Andrea…” Audrey said when I slipped back into her area.
“Yes…ssshhhhh…I’ll take you to Tucker and Aunt Angie,” I assured her.
She still continued asking for them and to go home.
The ER staff had cut her clothes off of her body, for some reason.  I stole the bag of butchered clothes because I didn’t want the police to have any evidence of Audrey being here.  The only surveillance cameras were at the entrance of the ER.  I had been wearing a hood and Audrey had been staring at the floor.  They didn’t get a clear shot of our faces. 
Strangely, I couldn’t find any scrubs, but I finally located a shirt and a pair of pants that would fit my friend.  I was in the surgeon’s lounge when I found them.  I printed “sorry” on a fifty dollar bill and left it where I found the clothes.
“Christie gotta get me beaker fishy bowl.  Not safe glass and spikes to me.  Those boys they lied to surgery…tree-mock…Lyle-lim…get me!  They’re not the hurt girls…they’re the hurt tease…I don’t fantastic to you get us to weep…” Audrey stated, frantically to the back wall.
Using the context, I understood some of what she was saying.  Treemar and Lyle were among the six accident victims that were just brought in.  She remembers the football players being at the Gray Hook and that they were there to hurt us.  Her mind understands the danger if they see us, but she can’t convey it properly.  She also doesn’t remember how to ask to be removed from harm’s way.
“Can you get dressed?” I whispered while trying to keep an eye out for unexpected company.
“Umpire is least of things…” she replied and tried to put the pants over her head.
Praying that we wouldn’t get caught, I left my post and assisted her with putting on the pants.  Then, I heard footsteps coming our way.  I covered her up and motioned for her to stay quiet.  I slid under the bed, just in the nick of time.
“I’m your nurse.  Do you know where you are?” he asked, checking on her IV.
“Hospital…me…Andrea and Christie we…” Audrey said.
“That’s good.   You’re starting to come around.  They’ll be in shortly to take you to X-ray.  The doctor’s still busy.  But, you push the button if you need anything…” the nurse stated before he left.
“That was a close one.  You did great!  Now, let’s get out of here…” I told her.
I pulled the IV out as easily as I could.  But, she still winced and started crying.
“I’m sorry!   I didn’t mean to hurt you…”
“Agony of days…all agony now pain…no hurt Andrea…” she said.
I put her blood pressure cuff on the arm of the injured football player one curtain over to keep the alarm from sounding.  I also put her pulse/oxygen indicator on his finger.  I couldn’t remember his name, but he was definitely one of our would-be attackers.
I stabbed Audrey’s IV into his forearm.  It was only dripping saline solution and he didn’t feel the pain because he was out of it completely.  But, the mean little act of revenge made me happy.
“Stupid Punk, the authorities think you were in a car wreck, but that’s my handiwork.  I’m very proud of it too…” I whispered to him.
I didn’t have as much cash on me as I thought I did.  Keeping one hundred dollars, I left the rest to cover our hospital bills.
Audrey could finally walk under her own power.  That was the only thing going in our favor, though.  She wanted to talk and I didn’t have the heart to put my hand over her mouth.  She’s been through so much already.  It seems to make her feel better to ramble, too.  So, we waited until the nurse went into an actual room before we made our escape.
An orderly shouted and asked where we were going.  He also said something about security.  I kept my gaze on the ground, held Audrey’s hand and she talked all the way to the vehicle.
We hid in Sherry’s SUV until the coast was clear.  I had to stop for gas, before I drove us back to my sorority.
It was still early.  The gypsy spy that was supposed to be watching the guest lot was still conked out.  Audrey finally wound down.  She was wide-eyed and quiet.  We went into my bedroom and she fell asleep before her head could touch the pillow.
I need g-mom, but I don’t know how to contact her.  My entire life is programmed into my cell phone.  I can’t remember my own phone number, much less anyone else’s.  I can’t get another one turned on anyway without some form of ID to prove I am who I say I am.
I can see how that scenario will play out…
“I need to have a cell phone turned on with my old number.  I don’t have a license.  You’ll just have to take my word that I am who I say I am.  Oh, and I can’t remember the phone number attached to my cell, but here’s my physical address.  The bill doesn’t come to me, though.  It goes to an address in the Ava’shay realm, you’ve heard of it, right??”
I can’t even go to the registrar’s office and look up my emergency contact information because again, I have no ID.  I can’t even say it was stolen because I have to show them a police report to prove it.  And, I do not want to involve the authorities.
I actually don’t know which address my parent’s use for our cell phone bill, regardless.  I assume it goes to our family’s accountant.  I have his number stored in my phone, but I have never been to his office.  I don’t even know what state it’s in…probably North Carolina.  I couldn’t berate myself too badly.  After all, most people don’t memorize information anymore.  They rely on their cell phone, just like me.
Laughing at the absurdity, I have suddenly become an island unto myself.  I can’t even go out, anymore because the shift changed.  I have four fresh watchers guarding all four sides of my house.  And I don’t have Jarron’s phone number memorized either.
Changing the sheets on my bed, I had an epiphany.  Jules has Angie’s cell number.  And, she will have mine too – not that having my number will help me.  I snuck downstairs to use the house phone and called the diner.  The cook said Jules is out sick.  He offered to take a message, with a hurried tone.  I’m fairly sure that he didn’t write down anything, although I did leave a message.
I have Audrey’s cell, but I don’t have the charger for it.  Plus, she won’t have the new cell number for her aunt.  I don’t plan on letting her out of my sight again until I get her medically cleared.
Stuck until someone comes to rescue me, I spent Friday morning searching through my things.  I did it on the off chance that I had written down contact information for any of my family members.  I didn’t.
Aggravated, I attempted to open the tether between me and Zander.  Squeezing my eyes shut, concentrating and stomping around from frustration did not do the trick.
Could my family be ignoring me?
My salvation finally arrived on my doorstep late that afternoon.  Jarron came over to check on me.  I jumped into his arms, overcome with relief.  I started crying.  He misinterpreted my emotional reaction.
“Were you with Lyle when he had his car wreck??” Jarron practically shouted.
I shook my head and attempted to get myself back under control.
“You can chill…he’s fine.  Already back at his frat and being obnoxious from what I hear…”
“I’m not upset over him.  I lost my ID, credit cards and cell phone.  I can’t remember anyone’s number, including my own.  My watchdogs never give me a break…”
“So, that’s why your phone is going straight to voicemail.  You didn’t tell me how long before you needed my services again.  Karin was worried that you were keeping your cell turned off to send a covert message like: stop bugging me…” he said with a snicker.
“That’s funny…”
“Then, why are you still cryin’?”
“Relief…it sucks being an island…”
“Just how long have you been homebound, anyway?” he asked, using the male avoidance tactic of subject changing.
“It feels like forever…” I responded, cryptically.
I don’t typically fall apart in front of other people.  But, my stress level had been building with no way to vent it.  Jarron wasn’t entirely comfortable being my shoulder to cry on.  He still valiantly hung in there until I pulled myself back together. 
“I’ve got your number, of course.  But, I’ve also got your g-mom’s cell programmed.  See you’ve been bawling over nothing…” he told me.
“I’m female…that happens a lot…”
“Tell me something I don’t know…” Jarron stated and rolled his eyes.
My call went to her voicemail after three rings.  I left her a message and marked it as urgent.  Ava’shay Command automatically receives a copy when anyone in my family red-flags a message.  They will locate her as soon as possible.
I knew my message would scare the life out of her when she gets it.  But, I need her to come to me.  I have too many problems and no way to fix any of them on my own.
Why hasn’t anyone from my family attempted to check on me??  Zander hasn’t even dialed our tether since the Warming…
The worry was an exercise in futility.  My family members are overwhelmed with responsibilities.
Audrey hadn’t even rolled over, but I can’t leave her alone because I don’t know if she will wake up lucid enough to understand a note.  She could wander away and into Lester’s hands…or into someone far worse.
Jarron clocked-in and delivered a message to Jules’ diner for me.  Then, he brought me and Audrey some food.
“You sure you don’t need me for a few hours.  Karin will understand.  I’d be happy to spot you some cash to get a new phone…” Jarron asked tentatively.
“Keep your date plans, but come back after.  Audrey’s been sick and I can’t leave her alone.  Besides my g-mom will come here as soon as she gets the message.  Can’t scare her twice in one day…we have a running bargain.  Thanks for everything.  You’re a true friend…” I told him.
Jarron went out on his date, returned, went grocery shopping for me and I still had no word from g-mom.  Nearly sick from worry, I looked at the twelve dollars I had left between me and starvation.  Something has to be wrong.  My phone didn’t come back on at 5:00 p.m. and no one is worried about that anomaly???
Collecting change from every area I could think of, I managed to scrape together twenty dollars.  Jarron returned with a disposable cell phone that had a whopping forty five minutes of air time.  I will just have to use them conservatively.
Although Audrey was mostly comatose, she occasionally woke up.  During those times, she kept saying “home” and repeating the physical address of the Gray Hook.  I would placate her by agreeing to take her home, but we never went anywhere.  She didn’t fight me or try to run away either.  But I had to force her to eat, drink and use the restroom.  If I wasn’t tending to her basic needs, she would have already died on me.  I helped her bathe and dressed her in Wally Baxter’s jersey.
“That jersey looks like a dress on you.  But, that and your stolen outfit is your entire wardrobe until I get rescued from my island, Sleeping Beauty…” I told a slumbering Audrey.
I spent most of the night watching her sleep.  I used Saturday morning to catch up on homework.  I didn’t want my sorority sisters to find out I had company, again.  Without Tray to persuade them of anything, I knew I would be fighting an uphill battle.  I couldn’t let them throw Audrey out, even though they have every right to make me.
Fortunately, most of my sisters have boyfriends’ and things to do on Saturdays.  My single housemates decided to go out to see a movie together.  They invited me, but I politely declined.
Incredible…one night I’m able to pay a fifteen hundred dollar bar tab and a few days later I can’t afford a matinee movie ticket – riches to rags, Baby…that’s me.
All caught up on my assignments, I was still determined to take my mind off of my missing family.  So, I spent Saturday afternoon trying to research the Gray Hook, but there was nothing to be found.  No internet mention, no trace of its existence…even in the county tax records.
A cursory search of GZ Enterprises got me no closer to finding out anything.  The clubs were listed.  Several executives were on an embedded page that I didn’t see the last time I looked at it – still no mention of Nigel Gray.
The pictures of the executives look off…fake, maybe. I wonder if there is an encrypted code buried in the pixels.  I stared at one of them until my eyes were crossing.  If there is an encoded message, the naked eye can’t see it.
The house bands each have a dedicated page to their work.  Dark Matter’s tab listed their status as “No Longer Affiliated or Under Contract”.  Hours elapsed, but I was no closer to solving the puzzle.
Thinking back through the horror that happened is the only way I might discover something useful.  I have been actively avoiding doing that.  I wasn’t evading the memories because I was scared to face them, though.  I need g-mom to help me sort through the details.
Having been “hooked”, I don’t trust my own examination of the occurrence.  Judging which parts were real and which parts were fictions resulting from the “Weaving influence” would be better scrutinized by g-mom.
Still, if I don’t occupy my mind with something I will obsess about my family.  At least now, I know just how they felt when they couldn’t find me all those long hours…worse than awful.  At least they had each other, whereas I am bankrupt on a deserted island.
The masked demon, who I decided to nickname Spike, had offered me a few pieces of useful information.  He said Nigel has never been to the Gray Hook and the girls are self-delivered.  That seems logical.
Apparently, Gray screens all potential staff members for GZE.  He employs them and sends the ‘right’ girls to that location to ‘live’.  But, how does he choose which goes where?
Nell is single, young and attractive.  Why didn’t he send her to the Gray Hook?  There has to be some type of criteria he uses and she didn’t meet it.
What is the logical criterion a lecherous Polecat might use?
I didn’t see any other employee on staff Thursday night – not even a bouncer in the Hook’s lobby.  But, someone else there was familiar to me besides Lyle and Audrey.  Who else was…
Oh yeah, singing…beautiful singing…Dinah Lynn.  That’s right!  I thought I heard her singing from somewhere inside the building.  She disappeared from school, abruptly and must be mentally trapped at the Gray Hook.
So, what do Dinah Lynn and Audrey have in common?
I don’t know too much about Dinah Lynn.  She’s a great singer, actress and seemed friendly.  She didn’t hang out with anyone in particular…not in drama at least.  She doesn’t have popular friends and that’s odd, given her incredible talents and her starring roles.  Her clothes were normal, off the shelf and unremarkable.  I don’t know what she drives, if anything.  I don’t know her friends.  I don’t know where she used to live.  I don’t know anything about her…so why am I thinking about this???
I stuffed my face in my pillow to muffle an exasperated scream.
“I …hate…being…an…island…” I loudly informed the photograph of my family.
“Christie?” Audrey asked, scared.
“Yes…it’s me, Krista.  Are you okay??”
“Andrea…home…island…Krista…”
“Yes Audrey, you are with me at my home…”
“Island Audrey home…please…”
Audrey remained awake for twenty minutes, staying confused and disoriented for the duration.  She confirmed that others girls are being held at the Gray Hook.  After offering me the physical address to it, she insisted that is the place she lives in with her adopted island sisters.  Even though she repeatedly demanded to be returned to her loving island home, she held a death grip on my bedpost and was vigorously shaking her head “no” when she stated it.
Law enforcement wouldn’t know what to make of her if they picked her up.  They would probably assume she has a mental disorder.  They would take her to her home address because she doesn’t have any ID.  They would speak to…
Wait, who would they speak to anyway?
If all the girls are under the influence of the Weaving and have been trained to parrot that information, then someone would likely be on sight acting like a loving, worried parent.  They would tell the police what they wanted to hear.  Thank them for returning their “special needs” daughter who wandered away.
Audrey’s clothes had been cut off of her body by the hospital staff.  But, it was an expensive outfit.  Although she is mentally addled, physically she appears perfectly healthy.  The police would likely hand her over to her kidnapper and, although she is a hostage, she would walk inside willingly.
That has to be the most diabolically wicked gambit in history.  The person(s) playing the part of the parent has to be the most despicable kind of evil.  But, they must also be a fantastic chameleon…a wolf posing as a sheep…a con artist to beat all con artists.
Nigel Gray is not capable of perpetrating a ruse at that level.  So, if he’s not the parent then, who runs the Gray Hook?
“You…island…me…island…home we…sisters island…” Audrey mumbled in her sleep.
She’s right.  I’m an island and she’s an island.
I am currently in the same position as Audrey.  Well, minus the no roof over my head part.  But, if my sisters were to discover my unauthorized bunk mate, they could kick me out with her.  So, maybe there’s not much difference between us after all.
G-mom is the only reason I didn’t grow up in foster care…find myself living on the streets…or being prostituted by some twisted pedophile.  Audrey’s mom abandoned her and her dad was abusive.  I could’ve been the one lying on that mattress and she could’ve been the one sitting in this computer chair.
You…me…we…sisters…islands…
Could that be it???  Is Dinah Lynn estranged from her family???
That was something I couldn’t find out.  I would only frustrate myself by playing the guessing game again.
There must be something I can discover that will lead me to the truth?
Maybe I can get information on the Gray Hook…Audrey’s house of horrors.
Who can give it to me?
Ice Man…no.
Nigel Gray…big fat no.
Nell…Nell might be able to give me something!  She works for GZE…
I started my timer and called HaZed.
“No personal calls…” the guy who answered curtly stated.
“Don’t you recognize my voice??  This isn’t personal, Dimwit.  It’s me!  Give her this number, now and tell her to call me or else I’m gunning for you – got it??” I replied forcefully.
“Sure thing…you.  Sorry…it’s loud in here,” he told me. 
I hung up and giggled.  G-mom would have been rolling in the floor.
Nell called me a few minutes later, sounding apprehensive.
“Hi Nell, this is Krista…um, Christie do you remember who I am?”
“Aren’t you the sorority chick with the Ice Man and death-wish fetishes?”
“Right…listen, I’m trying to track down another friend…”
“Thanks for calling and somehow, forcing Adolph the Jerkwad in there to give me an extra twenty minute smoke break.  But, I still can’t get you backstage…” she said.
“It’s nothing like that.  I have a friend, Dinah Lynn Paulowski…”
“What’s up with you knowing every girl that works at Gray’s Place?  You looking for a job out there?” she questioned and I heard her take a drag off of her cigarette.
“No, I’m definitely not looking for a job at that place.  I’m just the lucky gal who keeps misplacing her friends at Gray’s establishments.”
“Yeah, I know Dinah Lynn.  She auditioned to sing at a private party.  I was stocking BlitZed the day she tried out.  That’s where everyone auditions.  She was friendly and seemed normal enough.  Gray liked what he heard and she got the job.
“The last time I saw that girl, she was headed into SizZle.  She went from wearing Target’s finest at her audition to Sax Fifth and had on the marked, Double Z bracelet.  I shoulda been paying better attention before I approached her for a chat.  I was passing by on my way to work and was just gonna shoot the breeze with her for a minute.  But, she gave me the mute brush off.  Caught the GH diva-disease…
“A girl’s gotta be special to get on at the Hook…” Nell offered in an envious tone.
“What kind of special?”
“Beats me!  All I know is I didn’t make the cut.  I did manage to get this sweet enough job bartending.  Gray isn’t what I’d call warm and fuzzy.  When he hired me, he said, “I’ll give you a try.  You can sling drinks at SizZle if you show enough cleavage to give Ice Man a stiff rising, ‘Lil Filly.  I’ll move you to a better club if you prove you’ve got what it takes. But, Hook material…you ain’t…”
“So, he didn’t give you a real reason?”
“No.  He didn’t even tell me what I had to prove to get promoted.  I learned as I went along.  The only skills he’s looking for in his female bartenders are bouncy cleavage, not pissing off a paying customer and not complainin’ when some dirty old geezer cops a cheap feel.  All Gray ever personally gave me was a nasty look and a pinch on the butt, once.  Oh and I think he called me a “too skinny Beader” this one time, but who knows?  I wasn’t going to ask him to repeat his insult.
“I mind my business and wear tight, low cut shirts.  I laugh at jokes I don’t get and stroke a few arms.  I don’t slap hands away and I nixed the word “no” from my language.  For that effort, I’ve been promoted and make more than triple what I started out making.  I also get to keep all my tips.  I don’t have to share them with nobody.
“I’ve never asked to work at the Hook, again because Gray said I’m not the right material.  He’s a scummy worm, but it’s best to stay off his radar.  If he even thinks about someone for too long, they normally get canned.
“Just look at what happened to Dark Matter.  They had some ironclad legal contract and not even that kept them employed.  Gray ran all of them out of town…” she revealed and shut up.
“Nigel’s got some juice in this city…” I stated, stalling and trying to think of a tactful way to ask her a personal question about her family.
The timer on my phone is ticking down…
Then, as fate would have it, Nell would just offer the answer without me having to ask her anything.
“My dad used to be one of his paper product’s suppliers until his route got changed.  He says Gray’s got connections with organized crime.  He told me to keep my nose to myself, my head down and not make any waves if I went to work for him.  So, that’s what I’m doing…” Nell informed me.
“That’s a good idea.  I’ve heard the same thing.  Oh Nell, do you happen to know Dinah Lynn’s parents?”
“No…”
“Any chance you could get me a guest card key to the Gray Hook?” I asked, casually.
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Not really.  I need to talk to Dinah…”
“Saul tried to warn me that I’d be asking for trouble when I broke policy and took you out back for a smoke…” Nell informed me.
“I’m really not trying to get you in trouble…I promise…”
“Then, why do you keep asking me to get you into restricted areas that could get me fired?”
“I’d never ask you to compromise your job.  I just didn’t know getting in there was that big of a deal…”
“Maybe you should get a new set of friends instead of hunting down your old ones…less chance of getting either one of us in trouble…”
“What do you mean by that?”
“The special girls who get on at Gray’s place transform into diva-ice-queens.  They sever their ties to the past when they put on that bracelet or they don’t have any to begin with.  Gray doesn’t like to hire anyone with too many personal strings.  That way he doesn’t have to deal with jealous spouses or employees calling out because of a sick kid.  He doesn’t advertise his discrimination, but we all know about it.  Girls who work at the Hook don’t have family ties to anyone that I know of.  No one’s ever come looking for them, at least.  Gray likes unattached singles.  I even keep my relationship with Tyson quiet.  No one who works for GZE knows we’re a couple…and I mean no one.
“Wait, I remember…you wanted to see the skeezy drummer to find his fiancée.  Gray got wind of his attachment and word has it he gave your friend a choice – glitzy job or skeezy drummer.  She cut the skeez.  The band got their contract burned that night.  Gray doesn’t like relationship attachments.  I don’t wanna be the next head on the chopping block.  So, thanks again for getting me this break, but I’m gonna hang up and pretend we…” Nell told me.
“No stop!  I’ve got limited minutes on this phone.  Dante didn’t get canned because of his relationship with Audrey.  He got axed because he wouldn’t help me.  I needed a microphone to use during the big private party my family hosted Sunday – you remember the one, right?”
“Yeah…I worked at Ground Zero…the tips were unreal.”
“Gray asked Dante to sign a waiver and lend me the band’s equipment for a few hours.  He refused and didn’t even say “no” in person.  I think he replied with a text.
“Bruno booked it over to BlitZed and was kind enough to loan me a few of his mics, including his sacred Lucille.  I went down to the basement with him to get what I needed out of his storage cage.  Sebastian found us and told me to beat it because I’m not authorized to be in that area.
“It’s like a rat’s maze in that basement as I’m sure you know.  I got lost.  And, I overheard Bruno and Ice Man talking before I found my way back to the exit.  I knew Dark Matter was headed out the door.  I needed to talk to Dante before his date with the GZE guillotine…” I informed her.
“No way!  I thought Bruno was BS’ing me when he told me that crap.  No one with half-a-brain-cell refuses to do something for their new boss.  But, Gray’s got a reputation for axing employees just for not saying “yes” fast enough.  What kinda dopey skeezy drum-pounder does that??”
“That title is actually an understatement.  Bruno wasn’t fabricating either.  That’s what happened.  Now you know why I needed to speak with Dante Monday night and it couldn’t wait.
“I didn’t get him axed.  Well, not directly I didn’t.  I know you haven’t known me very long, but I swear I’d never bring your name into anything – ever – even if I got cold busted and hauled off to a county facility.
“I don’t go out clubbing.  You’re the only person I know that works there besides Sebastian.  I’m sure you’re aware that Ice Man makes Gray look like a lamb, snuggling with a stuffed animal…”
“I’ll give you that.  But, if you wanna keep being my friend, you gotta stop asking about other employees.  People hear everything around this place.  And, an accusation that I’m handing out info about GZE staff is all it takes to get me canned.  I have limited access and no real information on anybody who works here except my boyfriend, Tyson.  He only bounces for private parties.  Gray won’t even staff him full-time because he’s not scary-goonish enough,” she stated.
“Well, I’d say sorry to hear that.  But, the less scary-goon-like a boyfriend is, the better…” I quipped.
“I’ll tell you what I know about Gray’s place, on the condition that my name is kept out of it.  Don’t call me at work, anymore or on my cell if you know I’m bartending.  The unexpected smoke break was cool, once.  But, if I lose my job because you keep popping up, I’m hunting you down to pay my bills…”
“I promise…and thanks.  I’ll owe you another favor…”
“You’re welcome and I’ll collect someday.  To get an electronic pass key to the Gray Hook requires certain things.  It’s not like a hotel where they hand them out for money at the counter.  You have to start by getting listed for Select Sunday’s at SizZle.  I don’t know how that’s accomplished.
“I’ve seen plenty of VIP’s, Hollywood headliners, some pro athletes, CEO’s, even saw an oil baron wearing a sheet, go in for a good time.  Select Sunday is full of a bunch of elite Jerkwads that have way more money than sense in their heads.  The listed Jerkwads are called charters.  Charters have to earn status to bring guests.  I think every guest has got a stamp that’s not visible except under a Flurenesscal Scanner.  I don’t know what the stamps say or what the scanner does, but it’s not anything like a black light.
“Most of the Hook girls serve drinks to the privileged Jerkwads in the main area.  Those seats are all the way around a stage.  The bar’s behind a privacy wall, so I didn’t see much of the action.  There’s also a private area, somewhere.  The orders come in via a computer.  A Hook waitress swings by, takes the drink and then vanishes.  I didn’t ask them where they go to and they never told me.
Hook girls wear dresses that are worth more than what I make in a year and they have diva attitudes to match.  Not a one ever warmed up to me in all the weeks I worked there.  If I tried to strike up a conversation, the stuck-up snobs would look at me like I was talking slime from the sewer bottom.
“Those girls must make an enormous salary because the rich Jerkwads are horrible tippers.  Most of their drinks are comped by Gray, but I’d pour thousands of dollars of booze.  The Jerkwads make plenty of bank.  And, you’d think a comped check would make them extra generous toward the bartender and the waitress.  That never happens.  The Jerkwads have this inside-joke.  They would write 50% on the tip line.  But, half of nothing is still nothing.  I hated working for SizZle on Sunday nights.
“None of the employees are ever allowed to grant access to anyone.  That’s a privilege exclusive to the Jerkwad cheapskate clientele with status.  Ice Man rarely makes an appearance on that property.  It’s not good business to crack open the rich, dense skulls of the high and mighty Jerkwads of the world or their friends.  There are not any policies to break or rules that I’m aware of.  Anything goes for the men and women listed at SizZle.
“Ice Man doesn’t discriminate in his security duties and he’s set in his ways.  He’d probably start an international incident if he spent too much time watching what goes on at that freak show.  And remember, I barely saw anything from my vantage point.  Not even Ice Man can get you a guest stamp into SizZle.
“My mom tried to drop off some medicine one night when I was working there.  She didn’t even want to come inside.  She just asked the big, ugly goon running the front door to give me the bag I needed.  I didn’t get the meds that night.
“That incident happened over two years ago, but still if I mention that night, my mom starts bawling.  I don’t know what Goon Man did or said to her.  She wouldn’t even tell my dad what happened.
“I woulda quit when that goon dissed my mom, but Gray moved me to Ground Zero before I could tell him to blow his job out his butt.  I decided to work it one night to see if I liked it any better.  Gray gave me a raise and the tips are decent.  Ground Zero only gets normal Jerkwads and no diva girls looking to spit in my face with a cold stare.
“So, I apologized to my mom for whatever Goon Man did and told her she’d never have to bring me anything to my work again.  I also promised my dad I’d keep a low profile and bail if anything sketchy happened.  That’s what I do…” Nell offered.
“Only SizZle listed Jerkwads can get into the Gray Hook?”
“Not even all of those Jerkwads earn a key.  Gray probably has a clientele material system or something.  He doesn’t publicize it.  But, from what I’ve seen, Hook material girls or being a key card carrier are the only two ways to get inside…” she told me.
Ten minutes left…
“What about their liquor and other supplies?  Does your dad’s company still deliver?
“My dad’s company still has the contract, yeah.  But, it won’t do you any good to intercept it or get a job driving.  Gray Hook and SizZle stock is delivered to BlitZed during the off hours.  Then, it’s separated and shuttled to both through an armored truck company.  That’s so stupid…booze, napkins and toilet paper being carted around under guard and gun.”
“Sounds ludicrous…you’re right,” I agreed.
Nigel must screen women to determine which ones won’t be readily missed by their families.  Then, he offers them a boat load of money and an exclusive career.  The poor naïve girl goes into it thinking it’s a normal waitressing job.  She feels lucky to find something with fashion/jewelry perks and a large salary.  Then, she gets hooked and that’s all she wrote.
Nell told me that the private area hidden inside SizZle is like a fortress inside of Fort Knox.  She also shared everything she knows about the main layout, which wasn’t much beyond the lobby bathrooms’.  She wasn’t allowed to even take a smoke break when she worked there.
Although I wanted to know if she had any details about the security cameras that seem to be pointed at nothing, she stopped me short.
“Steer clear of any camera…well, unless you want that free ride to the county jail with a quick stopover at the nearest hospital on the way.  They’re all live feeds and monitored by nasty goons that I’m too scared to even speak to…” she revealed before my phone cut us off.

Chapter Forty Five

Saturday morning daybreak and I still had no word from anyone in my family.  The royal Hosting celebration is Monday night.  They will have to come get me by then – surely.
Monday is only two days from now.  But, can I make it until then, with no money or food?
Audrey is still talking out of her head and needs a doctor.
My sisters are getting suspicious.  I told them I have a nasty bug, but I have to keep my music blaring to cover Audrey’s voice.  Someone who is supposedly so sick she can’t get out of bed would not be jamming at all hours.
I told Jarron I would call him when I needed him, again.  We both assumed I would have heard from g-mom by now.  And, he knows that Audrey is staying here, against policy.  So, he is waiting around for my call.
The walls are closing in on me.  I can’t stay holed up much longer without losing it completely.  I also need to figure out some way to get a guest pass into Select Sunday at SizZle.  That is happening tomorrow night at 9:00 p.m.  I need a plan to get into the venue and rescue those girls – someway – somehow.
Making a plan without the right Intel…no money…and no assistance from my family has stubbornly stranded me at square one – and, I’m going nowhere, fast.
Audrey can’t be left here, alone.  But, I can’t ask my sorority sisters to watch her either.
Although I have the right clothes to play the part at SizZle, I don’t have any money to flash and burn.  I’m not going back inside any GZE club as a guest without a large, intimidating male chaperone – period.
I can’t break into the SizZle fortress for two reasons.  One, I’m not that skilled of a criminal.  And two, I would need more time than I have to conduct adequate surveillance.
And, as if those challenges weren’t enough, I had to consider Nigel Gray and what he knows.  I assume he would have found out about what happened at the Gray Hook Thursday night.  He might even know it was me that sprang Audrey.
Well, that’s debatable…Lyle never mentioned my name, but I might look familiar to Nigel.  I don’t remember seeing any cameras in the long tunnel room.  But, Spike mentioned that he switched the channel, suggesting that cameras were filming.  I must have liberated me and Audrey, even though I still don’t know how I did it.
After sorting through everything, I circled back to where I started – square one.  This repeating journey is getting me nowhere.
In the end it won’t matter how I get inside or what Nigel the Polecat knows or doesn’t.  No matter what I might be risking, I will get into SizZle Sunday night and figure out some way to crash the Fort Knox fortress.  I will liberate every captive girl I can find.  Then, I’ll take the next step after that’s accomplished – whatever that next step is remains to be seen.  And frankly, I don’t care how many heads will have to roll to see that happen.  Celebrities, executives, oil sheiks (with or without their bedding)…basically, it’s not safe to be a Selected patron at SizZle when I hit the scene.
Oddly, I was incensed with what was happening at SizZle and the Gray Hook more than I have ever been at anything in my whole life.  But, I wasn’t bent on revenge or raging furious.  It was like I had a newfound ability to analyze the terrible predicament and select the most desirable path to achieve my objective.  I also believe I could use an axe to permanently detach the head from a masked demon without getting even slightly grossed out from the carnage and gore.  And, I might get to test that theory come tomorrow night – no biggie.  I’ll just wear black.
Settled and resolved, I realize I am still that new rendition of myself…
I think I’ll call this updated version, Tenacity Stewart.  In honor of my grandma given birthright…the piece of her matriarch’s soul that will forever live inside of me.

Chapter Forty Six

I had just put Audrey back in bed when g-mom materialized, sitting in my computer chair.
“G-mom…oh my g-mommy, where have you been??” I asked, landing in her lap.
“Sweet Bunny Baby Girl, I’ve been on safari in the Tarrish Straights.  I came right away, but you know the area is a blackout zone.  And, the time difference between here and there is…
“Wait, why are you shivering…what’s wrong?  And, who’s that here with us?”
My original goal was to calmly outline what happened, what action I took in response to each dilemma and the outcomes that were reached.  The rational and lofty goal was never achieved because Tenacity exited and I welcomed ‘Hysterical Krista’ back on the scene.
“My phone met a slimy wall, twice courtesy of Slim Sticky and his Huddle Idiots.  I think my credit and debit cards were stolen by the demon masked brigade or the Polecat’s Henchmen, not that I saw any of them swipin’ anything.  I don’t have any cash left in the safe or anywhere at all.  There’s no g-mommy named credit card in that safe either and no contact info in this lonely, confining bedroom world.  I’ve been an island, g-mommy…an island with partial guests and no spiritual siblings.  I know I sound like Ember, but she hasn’t been anywhere near or around me that I know of.
“Audrey, that’s my unauthorized guest, needs to see a Tarrish or Ava’shay physician.  She got caught in a ‘Weaving’ or was ‘Weaved’…not the hair kind either.  I don’t even know the right expression to express what she was having happen, but ‘Weaving’ is what Dirty Retractable Spike called it…so that’s what we’ll go with unless someone can explain it to us better!  She wants to go back to her island sisters’.  That’s what she says but she doesn’t mean it.  I know because I was at that place and hooked for a few minutes before the lightning came and fixed me.
“I can remember some of that visit, but part of it is blurry.  The blurry parts will probably be the worst and get us caught because my escape…our escape was captured on Kodak but not in my head.
“The phone Jarron brought me yesterday is already out of minutes.  Nell had to tell me about the SizZling Jerkwads and the celeb guest Jerkwads that go with them.  I had to explain why the Skeez got axed, but only because she was gonna hang up on me.  I was wasting airtime minutes and she was gonna end the call…smoke break or no…favors only go so far.
“And, I’ve been stuck in this bedroom, nursing Audrey and watching my watchers watching the house and scoping me every second of the day and night.  Well, I managed to lose Momma-C’s posse, but I was wishing I hadn’t lost them in the end.  The hospital was the only place I was happy to be at without them because they would’ve blamed her like Boo-Bear says.  I’m not ever going anywhere, ever again without a Tray-sized protector or my mini-almighty g-mommy to take care of me….” I rambled, insanely – I stopped only because I was hyperventilating.
G-mom made me put my head between my legs until I could catch my breath.
“Now, now…you relax like that and just silently count…” she said softly and started to move away.
I grabbed her shirt and held on for dear life.
“Don’t…” was all I could manage to squeak out.
“I’m not going away, Bunny of mine.  You need a cold cloth because you’re burnin’ up.  I also need to check on your friend, Audrey – you say?  I won’t leave your sight…just calm down for me,” she whispered.
“Krista, are you okay??  Who’s in there with you??” Becca shouted and started pounding on the door.
“She’s still feeling under the weather – feverish and contagious.  So, I’m not gonna open that door.  This is her mom…I’m taking care of everything, now.”
“How’d you get by me?” Becca questioned her.
“Sweets, I’ve been scooting by without a trace for more years than you’ve been alive…”
“Can I do anything to help you?”
“Sure can.  Think you might be able to steer everyone else clear of this room until I give you the green light?  You know how girls are when they’re tryin’ to help out a sister.  My little girl needs complete rest in the dark…”
“Yes ma’am…I do know how they get…I’ll take care of it,” Becca stated and she was off to give my other sisters the order.
“Thanks…you found…her hot-button,” I stated, weakly.
“I meant what I said.  You’re burning up and so is your friend…”
“Guess that’s why I’m talking out of my mind and feeling my inner Tenacity…”
“Tenacity Insistence Stewart, huh?  Want me to reconstruct your birth certificate, again??” she asked with a giggle.
I didn’t get a chance to answer her because the world took a spin and my body couldn’t keep up.  I passed out…cold.
“G-mommy!” I yelled when I came back to.
“I’m here with you, my Bunny Baby…” she said walking up to the side of my bed and putting her hand on my arm to calm me.
“Where’s here?” I asked.
“You and Audrey are at our home in North Carolina.  She’s in my bed and you’re in your room.  This here is my friend, Doc…” she introduced me to the lanky, handsome older gentleman standing over me.
“I haven’t seen you since you were naked and wiggly…” he informed me, impishly.
“Doc…really…that’s how you say hello??” g-mom playfully scolded him.
“To your daughter, yes…figured I’d fit right into the family.  At least, I didn’t tell her that fun little nickname we’ve got for your…” he reminded her and g-mom interrupted him with a delicate backhand.
“Shut it now, Mister!  Don’t make me take that stethoscope from you ‘cuz I’ll do it…”
“I’ll give you the stethoscope, Liz and any other instrument in my bag if you catch my drift…”
“Not in front of my little girl, you won’t!” g-mom exclaimed and they both laughed.
“Krista, you should be feeling wiggly and right as rain.  Ready to get up and retest your land legs?” he asked.
“Depends, Doc…do I have the ‘naked’ to go with my ‘wiggly’?” I quipped.
“Yes…but, it’s hidden under all those night clothes.  No question about it…she’s your girl, Lizzy my love…”
“Yes indeedy that there’s my Bunny Baby Girl and it’ll never change…” g-mom revealed.
Everything seemed to be fully functional and healthy.
“How’s Audrey?” I asked them.
“That’s a bit of a sticky wicket…I’m sorry to say,” Doc told me.
“Is the damage permanent?” I asked, not really wanting to hear the answer.
“There’s no way to predict.  Liz said she was exposed to a ‘Weaving’.  I’ve never heard that term and I’ve been around a block a time or two in my nine lives.  I treated her with an apothecary blend.  She’s healthy but her brain has been affected.
“It’s the oddest thing.  She’s oriented and to talk to her, you’d never know there’s a problem.  Well, as long as she doesn’t get worried or agitated she can carry on a normal conversation.  But, she’s lost her basic instinctual drives.  We have to tell her when it’s time to eat, sleep and eliminate.  Before I figured that out, she almost made her bladder burst…not a good thing.  We’ve got plenty to work with though.
“She’s got a charming Southern accent…” Doc said.
“That’s what you’re going with?  The building blocks of her recovery start with the return of her accent?” g-mom questioned him, teasingly.
“You know I think yours is so incredibly sexy…how’d ya’ think you got the only engraved mention in my little black book?”
“Krista Baby, now you know why I’ve never introduced you to the man who gave you that clean bill of health all those years ago.  He’s the best in the physician bizz but his bedside diagnoses’ are a little saucier than your average Joe Stetho…
“Audrey does have plenty to work with.  She knows her name and filled us in on some of what happened.  She was repeatedly assaulted, but she can’t remember the actual men and, heaven help us, women who raped her.  She has a handsome little son named Tucker.  She’s spoken to both him and her Aunt Angie on the phone…” g-mom told me.
“How’d she get their number?” I interrupted and asked her.
“I got you a new phone and the young lady at the store helped me restore your data.  You had over a hundred messages and most are still waiting for you to field them, by the way.  But, Jules left you a bunch asking about Audrey.  I put two and two, together…
“After I got Command to move you both and got Doc on the scene, I popped over to her house.  Poor dear was sick with the flu.  Of course, my magic tea did the trick…well, Aunt Tabby’s magic tea that is…” she offered and Doc interrupted her.
“You were gonna get me…”
“I know you want the recipe.  I’ll get it for you…been slightly busy…” she told him.
Doc kissed my g-mom and I averted my eyes to give them some privacy.  Then, he excused himself to go check in on Audrey.
“Now, as I was saying, Jules gave me the information I needed to get up with Angie.  I brought you home because it was the only place I felt comfortable enough to leave you.  And, I didn’t want to alarm our other family members by taking you to any of our other bedroom options.  Your grandma’s been on safari with me all this week.  She’s up to her eyeballs in commitments until the Hosting.  I don’t even think she’s planned a minute to get some shuteye.  I’m still not sure how she does that…
“We took the kids on safari with us.  They didn’t get any sleep either on Monday night.  Zander promised he’d help get them down early on Tuesday night.  Then, he and Quinn were going to play a fighting army of angel’s game on the giant screen in the media room with that big box…”
“Do you mean they were going to play Halo on the X-Box?”
“Yes, that’s what I just said.  They have that angel war game.  Luke and Mikey have another game for their box-X that’s more for their age group…”
“Yeah, it’s their warm-up tradition.  Right before they take off on their mancation, they rev-up their male hormones by playing marathon video games.  Don’t guess any of the adults will get in much X-Box time with them this year…”
“More like none…but, Zander and Quinn are going to keep the tradition alive and include the little ones…even Haven’s going to warm-up her hormones…heaven forbid.  Zander and Quinn promised us they would save their, what they call hardcore gaming, until the children were taken care of.”
“I’m sure they will…they’re both ultra-responsible,” I assured her and she agreed by nodding.
“Your grandma and I didn’t stay for breakfast on Tuesday.  We just dropped off the kids at the House of Michael and took off adventuring.
“Which, now that I’m thinking about it, did you erase your messages?  I didn’t find a single text reply from any of them.  Could your phone have one of those tech-like sicknesses?”
“It’s called a virus and “no”.  None of them have called or texted me all week.  I can’t even get Zander to reply with a ‘boo’.  I assumed they were too tied up…” I told her, while searching through my drawers to find something to change into.
“Edie’s word of prayer might’ve been a little too potent for our married lovebirds.  They must be running around like fury, making up for their one lost night of conducting business.  Your grandma sent them all to their respective bedrooms under strict intimate coupling orders.
“At last word, Ember was charting new shades of blushing and Jaysen was hiding behind her during the entire lecture.  Those two youngsters have to be the most modest bride and groom in all the realms.  They have two babies and have been married since they were teenagers.  So, Edie ordering them to take one night, out of the whole year, to make love behind closed doors with no children to interrupt their intimacy isn’t much by way of a stunner activity…” she revealed.
“Grandma wouldn’t have lowered the boom if Tray hadn’t regaled us all with their insanely busy schedules…” I stated, laughing at the memory.
“We just gotta love our baby-Tray.  But, Haven’s got him wrapped, forty ways to the sixth Sunday in every month.  He went jumping from the fire into the eternal blazes below just so her lower lip would resume the preferred position.
“I hope he had a memorable, passionate night with Willow.  He certainly deserved it…Maker love his sweet, pure-hearted tender ticker…” she said.
“I guess their one night off messed them up.  But, I still can’t figure out why Zander hasn’t been keeping in touch…”
“He’s been the appointed “father-figure” this week.  The adults were already scheduled to take turns eating meals and getting kids to school, etcetera.  That was before Edie forced them to take a few hours of alone time.  I assume the adults have been rearranging…trying to make up for lost time.  Zander told me and your grandma that he’d look after the kids during the week to help them out…” she told me.
“Where’s Kyrann??” I asked curiously.
“His boss, not that I’ve ever met the man, sent him on assignment.  So, he’s not been a childcare option.”
“I could’ve watched the kids.  Why didn’t you ask me??”
“Your schedule has been turned upside-down enough lately.  All the parents had a system worked out.  Zander is more than capable of filling in when they’re tied up.  Quinn offered to help too and you know he’s amazing with the little ones.  Between all those folks, grandma and I felt like our bases were covered.  So much in fact that we stayed on safari when evidently, we should’ve stayed home…”
“Now, I feel horrible.  I interrupted your adventure…”
“Let’s place our guilt back in the garbage can where it goes.  Command finally got ahold of me and we only had an hour left anyway.  Don’t worry…I didn’t mention anything to your Grandma Edie about you being in trouble.  She’s got more than a feast to eat.
“You and I will figure out this mess Audrey got herself mixed up in.  Then, we’ll solve it like old times…you and me, together….” g-mom offered.
“This is a much bigger mess than anything we’ve ever come across.  And, this is something you’ve never heard from me, but here goes.  We need some big strong male types to pull this off…”
“That is new from you.  Think our intervention can wait until after the wedding?”
“No!  It’s urgent that we do something…wait, what’s today?” I asked, frantically.
“Sunday…bright and squirrely…the first 6:03 of the day on the East Coast…” she said, avoiding the word morning.
“We’ve only got until tonight at 8:00!  That’s when the doors open.  We need guest stamps to get us in.  And, we’ve gotta find some big male assistance with some massive channeling skills to protect us and them…” I demanded and would have continued to ramble, but g-mom silenced me.
“Working yourself into a tizzy isn’t going to help anyone.  You can explain and we’ll work it out.  If your fever shoots up again, then the ‘we’ is nixed and I’ll be on my own…”
“I feel fine…”
“That’s what you told me to tell that moose living in my pocket when we got here.  Your temperature was nearly 104.  So, you’ll march yourself down the stairs and eat breakfast while you calmly tell me what you know and what we need to do.  Then, if you can manage to keep the food down and stay cool, we’ll talk strategy.
“Rising body heat, hysteria or even semi-frantic chatter means you’re on lockdown in this house with Doc and Audrey.  You might be able to slip away from her clutches but Doc’s fifty steps ahead at all times, Bunny Baby.
“Oh and Command won’t give you a ride anywhere, until I provide them with an authorization.  So, you ready to ‘chill-wax’ over breakfast and an informative, casual discussion or should I use my retainer fee on the NC warden I affectionately called Doc?”
“This Naked Wiggly Bunny Baby selects option number one.  No need to employ, yet another guardian to watch over me.  NC is the only state of freedom I have left.  Everywhere else, I’m surrounded…24/7!”

Chapter Forty Seven

G-mom cooked and listened as I calmly explained what happened from my perspective.  Unexpected female cycles are not what anyone would consider polite table talk.  So, I used the private minutes we had available to work through the tale in reverse chronological order.
Doc was right.  Audrey seems fine when she is talking.  She offered me a few more details of her captivity and recalled the days leading up to it.  But, when g-mom announced that breakfast was ready, Audrey looked at me like we were asking her to recite “War and Peace” by heart.
I told her to go to the table and she complied.  Then, g-mom explained to her again how we use utensils and must eat food.
Audrey listened to her instructions.  She could repeat them verbatim.  She even admitted to being hungry and thirsty.  But, she evidently didn’t understand how to apply the instructions she had been given because she didn’t begin eating until she was commanded to.
Once breakfast was over, g-mom and I returned her to Angie in Mississippi.  Tucker ran into her open arms.  She rocked her little boy and smoothed his hair just like we told her to do.
“I don’t know how I’ll go about thanking ya’ll for findin’ her…” Angie told us while we watched Audrey reunite with her son.
“This scene is all the thanks we need…” I revealed, hugging g-mom and fighting back my emotions.
“Angie, we’re still on the trail of the culprits behind this.  We don’t know what they slipped to her, yet but we’ll find out.  We told her exactly what to do and say to Tucker.  She’ll keep doing that until someone tells her to stop…” g-mom was offering the whispered instructions when we heard music to our ears.
“Comon’ Audrey Mommy, you’re gonna follow me to my room.  I’ve got a bunch of toys to show ya’ that you can play with…” Tucker ordered and we smiled.
Angie agreed to stay home and look after Audrey until we could find an answer.  She looked nervous about doing it…worried that her job wouldn’t wait for her to return much longer.  G-mom and I both knew what had her concerned, but asking her about it would get us nothing.  She is a proud Southern lady and she was raised not to take handouts from anybody.
“We’ll be back this way in a week or less with news – one way or the other.  You’re sure you don’t need some nursing assistance with her?  I’ve got a friend who owes me a favor and she’d be more than…” g-mom tried to offer, again but Angie interrupted.
“Nah, as long as she stays in bed when I put her down for the night, I’ll be fine.  Tuck’ll help me entertain her.  I’ve still got some of that money in her purse for food.  We’re all set.  I’ll make sure she eats, drinks and goes to the bathroom real regular-like…” she replied.
“We’ll be back as soon as we can…” I told Angie as I hugged her goodbye.
“You know right where we’ll be…” she stated with a wave and a smile.
The taxi took us to the closest retail store.  We slipped inside the family restroom and Ava’shay Command sent us back to North Carolina.
I finished telling g-mom and Doc my story in vivid detail.  Her facial features colored over dark and ominous when I revealed what Lyle and his buddies had intended to do to me.  I have never seen her use that particular expression.  Recounting my mixed martial arts brawl where I disabled seven football players made her laugh.  But, even that laughter was humorless and her expression never lightened.  The only time she seemed genuinely happy and satisfied was when I told her about Malfo murdering one of the football players to prove that he was using a real knife.
I was attempting to keep my cool about me because I have never known my g-mom to wish someone dead.  I would expect this reaction from my big brothers.  I really thought my g-mom didn’t have a mean, violent bone in her body.  And, I would have continued to believe that until the day I died, too.  But now, I’ve seen her on the verge of eruption…calculating and predatory.
I’m actually terrified for Lyle and his remaining lackeys.  Unfortunately, there’s nothing I can do to protect them…nothing I can say to smooth things over…all actions have consequences.  The players aren’t safe from my family and certainly not from my furious g-mommy.
She questioned me in different ways, attempting to expose my underlying anger so I can confront it.  Deep, negative emotions need to be aired and dealt with.  Otherwise, they fester into a disease.  There were no negative emotions for her to unearth.  While I was recounting the details, I was Tenacity.  And, that’s precisely how I would remain…detached and matter-of-fact.
G-mom was curious about why I didn’t seem interested in retaliation.  I didn’t have an adequate answer to give her.  So she and I played the guessing game until Aunt Tabby joined us.
We began by trying to surmise why I’m not livid with Lyle.  Our best assumption was that I had already taken out my aggression when I took all seven of them down.  It was an implausible excuse and both of us realized it.  G-mom knows me better than anyone.  And, although I don’t hold a grudge for long, I do have that capacity.  It’s a temporary weakness, but being set-up to be gang raped by a man who professed to love me should have me, at least slightly bent on payback.
We switched from guessing about why I’m not reacting like I normally would to blaming the ‘Weaving’ for my relatively detached demeanor.  Maybe the ‘Weaving’ reacts differently with different people.  I wasn’t exposed to it as long as Audrey and the other girls.  Perhaps I have some immunity to its effects due to the time I spent in the Hallows with Ember.
Those guesses were the best we could come up with.  But in the end, Aunt Tabby would prove them to all be inaccurate…
“A ‘Weaving’ forms a permanent eradicating bond with the gray matter in the brain.  This is the first anyone’s ever heard of a ‘Weaving’ being selective in which part of the mind it destroys.  Typically, the Weave will thread through the gray matter and choke it out similar to the way a weed will destroy an entire garden…” Aunt Tabby stated.
“Mind sharing where you found that nugget?” Doc questioned.
“I had to search through more archives than you can imagine just to uncover that one, tiny bit of information.  The book pages were so old and fragile that I had to use a delicate wind channel to turn them.
“The Weaving’s page had been partially ripped out.  And, it also had a watermark like something had been spilled on it ages ago.  The title of the book was mostly worn away, but I think it’s called “Gray Fates”…” Aunt Tabby revealed.
“Let me see if I can locate another copy.  I’ll return, posthaste…” Doc said and vanished.
“So, no mention of anything else that might be useful on the pages before or after…” g-mom inquired.
“No Lizzy, that’s the long and short of everything I could read.  There’s not going to be much else to find, I’m afraid.  It appears that typical encounters with a Weaving leave the victim a helpless vegetable – not much for documentation in that state of mind.
“Do you need me to stay and help you?  I know Edie’s involved in that forty-eight-hour meeting…” she asked.
“No Sweets, I think we’ve got it from here…” g-mom offered.
“Thanks Aunt Tabby for finding that information.  It’s better than what we had before which was nothing…” I told her.
We had barely said “goodbye” to her when Doc returned with a massive leather-bound book.
“What language is that??” I asked, curiously.
“It’s called, Indestimaze but you can just call it gibberish like I do…” Doc quipped.
“I hope you’re fluent in gibberish…” g-mom said.
“I’m fluent in it, yes.  But, what I really want is to be fluent in g-mom language…” he said as he winked at her.
“You won’t be alive long enough to learn that fluency…but, we’ll have fun while I attempt to teach you the basics,” she responded.
“Hey Naked Wiggly, wonder what it’d take for me to get “g-mom fluent”?” he questioned me while reading through the pages of gibberish.
“Geez, don’t ask me.  I’ve spent years listening to her talk and her language still sneaks up on me when I least expect it…”
“Maybe I’d have better luck if I could convince her to get hitched up with me…” he stated.
“You’ve been working that angle for years.  If I’ve told you once, I’ve told you a million times, you can’t handle me and take care of those other inked entries in your little black book.  You’d have better luck taming a famished lion to mother a fat lamb…you’d end up with less scarring too…”
“That book can get burned…I’ve told you that a million and one times, now.”
“The live bodies that go with the names won’t go up in smoke like the pages.  Therein lies your problem.  You’ve got your hands tied caring for all of them…” g-mom offered with a snicker.
Doc snapped his fingers, finally reading a useful passage.
“Here, I’ve got something!  But, don’t think our discussion’s over about marrying me because it isn’t…”
“It hasn’t been over for the last few centuries, so I wouldn’t expect anything less.  Tell us what you found…”
“A Weaving…is an eradicating bond…perpetual…adherence to gray matter in brain…blah blah blah…that’s the stuff Tabby told us.  Listen up, here’s what she couldn’t.
“The bond, in its natural state, is non-selective.  Meaning it weaves around all gray matter in the brain and adheres unless a disruptive agent is introduced.  My apothecary blend helped some, that’s why Audrey can talk coherently.  The medicine disrupted the bond that was affecting her ability to communicate.  The Weaving remains in the gray matter even after the disruptive agent disconnects the actual bond.
“Well, I’ll be a toy monkey’s brass drum…some wise cracker broke the code…” Doc stated to the page in the book.
“That’s English you’re talking, but gibberish you’re speaking…” g-mom told him, in a slightly irritated tone.
“Sorry my dear…the Weaving has a code like DNA.  Some smart joker broke down the sequence and isolated the regulation system.  In English, a scientist found a space in the chain that guides the bond.  He or she manipulated it or enhanced it or did something to make it stick only to the parts they want it to stick to!  That’s astounding!”
“So, you can take control and guide the Weaving out of their brains?” g-mom asked with excitement.
“Sorry again, but that’s out of this wise cracker’s league.  In fact, the only reason I know it happened is because this copy of “Gray Fates” has a short addendum.  The doctor and author of that section came across a person who had a Weaving circulating through their gray matter but was coherent and stable.  There are a couple of tests for a Weaving infestation…
“Don’t press that panic button, Lizzy.  That’s just what this old physician called it for lack of a better term.  It’s not a parasite or a bug…it’s…well, let’s just say it’s a primordial infectious-type of condition.  I can tweak my apothecary blend and, as long as it’s injected, it will unstick the primordial infection from their brains…” Doc stated while he was reading.  Then suddenly, his facial expression turned serious.  “Recall, press the panic button.  We’ve got a problem!  Take me to Audrey, fast...” he told us.
Ava’shay Command returned us to Mississippi and we landed in Angie’s backyard.  He rushed into the house to check on them.
Tucker and Angie were in bad shape.  They were lying on the floor, burning up with a fever and talking nonsense, just like Audrey was doing on the night I found her at the Gray Hook.
Audrey was still in her son’s bedroom, happily playing with his toys like he told her to do.  Apparently, my friend is oblivious to her family’s condition and what’s going on around her.
“Move away, Audrey!” Doc exclaimed as he ran to pick up Tucker from the floor.  “Wiggly, help Liz drag her in here with the boy.  Do you know how old Angie is?” he asked me with urgency in his voice.
“Audrey’s twenty-one…her mom grew up with Angie.  She’s the middle kid.  I would guess Angie’s in her mid-to-early forties…” I replied.
Doc drew a syringe and injected her with something.  Then, he drew a smaller one for Tucker and gave it to him.
“Work!!  Work!!” Doc shouted.
Tucker curled into the fetal position and was turning blue.  Angie was crying tears of blood.  The drops sizzled when they reached the floor.
“NO!!!!!” he yelled and plunged another syringe full of medicine into Audrey’s aunt.
She sputtered and blood spewed from her mouth.
Tucker was panting.  I couldn’t tell if he was going to be okay or not.
G-mom was digging through the antique bag Doc carries with him.
“Try this!” g-mom tossed him a blue vial.
He uncorked it, poured out something that resembled ice chips and then, blew them into Angie’s face.  She continued crying but eventually the tears turned back to normal.
Doc did the same thing to Tucker and he perked up almost instantly.
“Mommy!  Mommy…” he screamed in terror, thinking she was hurt or dying.
“Ssshhhh…she’s gonna be fine.  See, she’s just taking a nap like you used to do.  Let’s give her minute to rest…” g-mom said, soothingly.
“You sure she’s just kitty nippin’, Lady?” Tucker asked, apprehensively.
“I am.  Audrey, take Tucker into the kitchen and pour him a glass of water with ice.  And, then have him show you what snack he wants to eat.  You get one for him and one for you.  Show him how you eat and drink.  Mommy needs to kitty nip for a bit…”
Audrey demonstrated no concern for her aunt.  She simply took Tucker and did what she was told to do.
G-mom and I cleaned up the bloody mess.  Doc carried Angie and placed her in bed.  When he returned, he looked positively frazzled.
“Almost got here too late…” he stated.
“Almost only counts when playing with live hand grenades…” I impulsively offered.
“Leave it to Naked Wiggly to make a joke at a time like this…” Doc stated.
“No better time.  Angie’s gonna be okay…” g-mom inquired without actually asking the question.
“Yes…because of you…” he told her.
“You’re givin’ me too much credit.  If you weren’t distracted, you would’ve thought of it long before the double injections.  It’s not always good being blindly in love, Doc.  Bad things can happen when we don’t pay enough attention…bad, bad things…” she declared.
And this time Doc didn’t have a witty comeback.  He simply embraced g-mom and nodded in agreement.

Chapter Forty Eight

“I don’t remember much about the time I spent at the Gray Hook, except the rapes.  Those were painful and seemed to last for hours.  Things are fuzzy, but some of those men and women didn’t seem human to me…maybe they were…but, it didn’t seem like it…” Audrey stated, attempting to find a way to explain it without sounding like a lunatic.
“They didn’t seem human to me either.  In fact, I called them the demon-mask guys.  The only female I saw was you,” I told her.
“I thought you said your ex-boyfriend was there…” she inquired.
“He was and he looked human to me and so did his friends.  But, you need to remember that I wasn’t exposed to the drug as long as you were.  And, I knew him from before.  That means my mind could already comprehend that he was a normal human being.
“Malfo and the other guys that were in there with us did not look human to me…” I revealed.
G-mom and Doc were hearing our conversation through an Ava’shay listening device.  Audrey would get overwhelmed when she was receiving too much stimulation.  We thought it might be easier for her and me to sit and talk in a one-on-one situation.
“I kinda recall you asking them about their demon masks or calling them masked demons.  But, you weren’t scared of them or anything.  Why weren’t you scared, Krista?”
“I was…I just didn’t show it,” I said and crossed my fingers because I was mostly lying.  “Do you remember how we got out of there?”
“No, not really…I remember being in the tank.  That’s a place inside the Gray Hook that they kept us…”
“Do you remember who else was with you in the tank?”
“Sorta…I don’t remember specific names.  We were all young girls, dressed in real nice clothes.  They fed us good meals and we slept in something – not beds.  It was like floating on water or air, but there was nothing holding my body that I could see.  That makes me sound like a psycho…” she declared with concern.
“You don’t sound like a psycho.  You were drugged and I’m just trying to get to the bottom of the source.  So, you remember other girls.  You don’t know their names and that’s okay…think you can count them for me?” I asked gently and watched her take a mental inventory.
“There were twelve when I first got to them because they called me unlucky thirteen.  Two of the girls got taken out of the rotation.  The Hook went too deep.  I don’t know what that is or where they went to and I couldn’t ask any of the girls with me.  None of them could communicate.  The words were right in my head, but I couldn’t speak them.
“We weren’t allowed to say anything in public or to the people who bought us…”
“People bought you??”
“Well yeah, not like a permanent…thing…like a library book that’s how it was for us and the people…kinda…” Audrey stated and was starting to get flustered.
“Just relax for a minute and I’ll talk.  These are the things I remember.  While I was hiding in the lobby, everything was normal.  The couple who I snuck in behind were talking about the ‘kinky’ things they do in the Gray Hook.  They seemed normal in my estimation.  He was worried that she was visiting the Hook without him and she was protesting, maybe, a little too much.
“Then, I walked through the curtain and things went haywire.  I ran into this, what I thought was a guy, but when I looked at him he appeared to be a demon.  I heard, who I thought was, Dinah Lynn singing.
“Next, my ex-boyfriend told me to stop licking the floor.  He helped me to my feet and took me to that dark narrow room they brought you to.  A slick, sticky residue was climbing up the wall and it ran away from my finger.  That same stuff was on my skin and clothes.  I was coated in it.  I remember thinking the right words in my head to say to Lyle, but the things I actually said didn’t resemble what I was thinking of saying.
“So what you’re describing isn’t any different from my experience…at least, it’s not much different.  I think the drug had just worn off of me by the time you got into the room.  There’s no other explanation.  Before you arrived, I was babbling and hardly able to control my body.  Lyle took me into a dark, back area and in my normal frame of mind I would have bolted for freedom.  I followed him without protest or even giving it much consideration.
“Only after the brain fog lifted, did I feel like something was wrong.  Please stop being so hard on yourself.  None of this is your fault.  I’m only asking because I need your help to get the other girls to safety.  I wouldn’t even know where to start without you.  So, think you might be up to talking again?” I inquired.
“I’ll try…” she said.
I got us each a bottle of water and had to tell her to drink it.  She was ready to begin once I got settled.
“Sunday, I guess I’ll call them customers, would check us out like library books.  That’s what I meant.  But, they only took us from SizZle.  Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights at the Hook, we would perform…I’d call them requests, probably…from people that were watching.  Most of the people making the requests, we never saw.  They had to pay extra at the Hook to join us in the rooms.  It musta been alotta moola… ‘cuz we’d only get raped by one or two…the others would call in and give them instructions…” she stated quietly with tears sliding down her cheeks.
“We don’t have to talk about that anymore.  Let’s focus on the other girls.  You said you were number thirteen and two girls went away.  So, do you think there are still ten left?”
“No, three of them died.  Or, I think they were dead.  Their eyes were like…doll eyes…no life in them.  I couldn’t tell if they were breathing.  The two things…monsters or whatever…that killed them didn’t get to me.  They were ejected from the room.  I was the only girl left with not dead eyes…I didn’t get dead.  I’m sorry…I’m trying.
“The dead girls were piled on top of me, but I didn’t move or act like I was aware of what was happening.  The guy who monitors the rooms…I never saw him…but, he didn’t do anything for a long time.  He just left me on the floor with the three dead girls piled up on me.  No one was making requests and it was real quiet.  The room eventually filled with slimy fog and I saw those dead girls get dragged away.  I think maybe someone was eating them.  That sounds psycho too but it’s what I heard…bones cracking and gnawing.  The next night in the tank there were only eight girls besides me…” Audrey revealed.
“Think back…do you remember any of the demon-mask people being at SizZle?”
“No…SizZle is where the rich people go.  We were on a stage that turns in a circle.  Sometimes we go into rooms with another girl and we do things to each other before we leave…” she offered, embarrassed.
“I know this is hard, but please keep going if you can.  When all of you are on stage, where are the rich people?”
“They’re sitting in booths with numbers over them.  The glass is messed up or cracked…I can’t see their faces, but I know they’re there.  We’re kinda…I don’t know…displayed and the rich people find out about us.  I don’t know how ‘cuz I never heard anything.  I just saw slimy fog and didn’t care what anyone was doing to me.  Well, it didn’t hurt any…just I knew it should’ve…but, it didn’t…”
“It’s okay Audrey.  I know what you’re saying.  Lyle left a horrible bruise on me.  It still hurts, bad but when he did it I didn’t feel anything at all.  I knew it was supposed to hurt…the sensation didn’t come until later…” I told her.
I’m glad she didn’t ask me to show that bruise because Doc healed it, completely.
“Yeah, that sounds about right.  I got off subject…sorry…my mind doesn’t work like it should sometimes.  Let me start again.  Somehow the rich people know who we are and they place bids.  The guy pulls us off stage when we get borrowed.  This one night, this one guy and his two women borrowed four of us.  It was right after the three girls were dead eyed dragged away.
“The rest of the crowd was angry.  It was scarier than normal since the other rich people didn’t have that many to choose from.  I can’t remember how many booths there are but it’s way more than the girls they have to borrow.  I think the booth people sometimes share their borrowings…I mean share their girls.
“They’d take us in limousines or luxury cars to different places.  Nothing goes on at the SizZle place like it does at the Gray Hook.  The SizZle nights were sometimes not as bad as the other nights.  Guess they were all bad, but just not as bad as the Gray Hook nights in the tank…” she stated and fell silent.
“When you left SizZle with these people did you have an escort?”
“Just off the property…”
“On the nights you were alone, who brought you back to the Gray Hook?”
“Well, I did.  I didn’t want to go back and I could think that, but I would still ask to go back anyway.  The borrower would call a taxi or a car and shove me into it.  I would repeat the address.  The driver would take me to the Gray Hook…”
“So, let me see if I’ve got my facts straight about SizZle.  All the nights you went there…”
“It was always just one night…Sundays…”
“Okay…Sunday nights at SizZle, you and the other girls would be on a stage that rotates.  The rich people who pay to borrow you for the evening are inside glass booths that you can’t see behind.  The people who come there look like normal humans to you.  Sometimes you leave the building immediately with whoever paid to borrow you.  Sometimes you went into private rooms and did stuff with the borrowers before you left…”
“No, the borrowers could only watch.  Only the girls with the bracelets could do things in those swanky rooms…”
“You had a bracelet?”
“All the girls do that are stuck there.  I didn’t have it on anymore when I woke up in your bedroom.  It was gone.  It has two Z’s on it in a weird monogram pattern.  When Mr. Gray offered me the job, he locked on the bracelet.  He did it before I even agreed.  It’s platinum, I think.  I shoulda known what he was posing to me was too good to be true.  Nobody pays like that or gives clothes out for employees to wear.  He said the outfits were like fancy uniforms.  All I’d be doing was waitressing drinks.  He made it sound glamorous.  I told him to take his bracelet back because I wasn’t gonna do it.  But, then he said I could live at his place...called it an all-girls dorm, like at college.  I finally said yeah because no rent meant that I could send more money for support.
“Aunt Angie always told me to watch out for snakes in the grass that prey on single girls.  He was snakish and I didn’t use her words…” she remarked and her language slipped, the more agitated she became.
“We’ve thought enough about this for one day.  Thanks for helping me…” I offered.
I sent her to use the bathroom before she went back in to play with Tucker.
“That poor sweet girl…violated…” Doc whispered as he walked into the room with g-mom.
“We need to make some arrangements, fast.  Those girls are leaving employment tonight…come Hades or high water.  …” g-mom informed us, resolutely.
“Liz, don’t go barging into this by your lonesome…or with just your, Bunny Baby!  Promise you won’t…” he stated and would have kept on frantically talking, but I interrupted his panic to have a meltdown of my own.
“She doesn’t have to promise you because I’m not gonna let her!  We go into this with huge, male, gifted back-up or we don’t go – period!” I exclaimed in a voice laden with apprehension.
“I promise you, both.  But, we’ve only got about nine hours left to pull all of it together.  I’m going to find the rock Nigel Gray is burrowed underneath…”
“No g-mom!  I don’t want you anywhere near him alone…please,” I begged and grabbed her.
“I’m not going to meet him alone.  I’ve already promised you that, my Bunny and I’ve never let you down…
“That goes for you too, Doc my dear.  You two need to calm down for me.  I have to find Nigel.  I’ll do my dead-level best to get him to swing an entrance for us at this SizZle shindig tonight.  He won’t give me anything if I just call him on the phone, though.  It’s gotta be the real, personal deal.  That’s how this type of thing works…we all know it.
“Krista, I want you to make a quick trip home.  I need you to check on your other parents and siblings.  It’s very doubtful, but maybe one of them has some free minutes to spare this evening.  Before you ask them for anything, you need to make sure our request won’t be interfering with their schedules.  The Hosting, your grandma’s dinner party, the wedding and then, the boys are off on vacation – all of that takes priority – understand?”
“Yes…but, we need them…at least, one or two of them…” I revealed.   
“No, we don’t.  They are our preference.  But, rest assured we have many other options.  Seems you’ve forgotten the fact that I know several people…” she reminded me, jokingly.
“Your list of people is slightly memorable…that stress is a real brain cell killer…” I quipped.
“You should keep that in mind…” she responded.
“Which part??” I asked.
“Both…now, don’t even hint that we’ve got a situation evolving – not a word to any of them, including the kids.  I’m a tad bit concerned because none of them have checked on you.  They assured me and your grandma that they would keep an eye on you while we were on safari…” she told me.
“I’m sure they just got their wires crossed.  You know, one thinking the other had checked in on me.  It’s no big deal.  I’ll pop to our various homes and tell them I was homesick to see them.  That’s the truth.  I won’t make a peep about anything related to this matter unless I think one of them has a spare minute tonight…” I promised.
“Edie has no free time.  I don’t expect our other family members to be in much better shape.  I miss them too.  But, I’ve got an evil Polecat to chase down, an invite to Hades on earth to wrangle and I’ll finesse us a few protectors if our loved ones can’t spare the time.  Tell them I’ll be by tomorrow and we’ll have a laugh about how those wires crisscrossed…” she said to me before she turned to Doc.  “I might need you…”
“Someday, you’ll drop the ‘might’ from that statement…” he revealed with an edge of hurt in his voice.
“You didn’t let me finish!  I might need you to accompany my Bunny Girl tonight,” she told him.
“Great save…in that case, the might definitely needs to be dropped.  I need to be with Naked Wiggly.  I’m the only one who can administer the vaccines.  And, I’m not interested in letting your daughter get afflicted with some other foreign mystery disease.  It’s helpful for me to see what’s coming at her – better chance of my fixing it, immediately…” he declared.
“Don’t you go off and get exposed yourself…” g-mom told him, worriedly.
“Been exposed to plenty and yet, here I stand.  Don’t you sweat it, My Love.  Now, I’ll stay here with them while you two make arrangements.  I’ll make myself useful and give Audrey, Tucker and Angie a full physical.  But, my two favorite ladies better shove off, daylight’s wasting…” he reminded us.
G-mom handed me my new cell that was locked inside an indestructible case.  Then, she called in the authorization for Command to resume trans-versing me in five minutes.  She used the delay to hold me in her embrace and rock me.
“I promise you…you’ll never feel like an island again.  That, I’ll make sure of…” she whispered and kissed me before she left to make arrangements.

Chapter Forty Nine

My family reunion trek started at Rising Light in Terria Tarrish.  I haven’t been able to visit with Fallon and Reid as much as everyone else.  So, they were my first stop.  But, the surprise was on me when I appeared and couldn’t find them.
“Tarrish Command, Rated Initiate Travel Specialist Filgro speaking, how may I direct you, Miss Stewart?” the formal Ava’shay officer inquired.
“I’m looking for the Master and Mistress…”
“They are currently located in earth’s realm…their bedroom suite at the House of Michael…a privacy barrier is sealed at this time…”
“Cool…okay then, please send me to High Lady Ivester’s location…”
“She is with High Commander Ivester…”
“That’s fine.  I want to see my parents…”
“As you wish…”
Momma-G and Daddy-Jax were locked in their bedroom too.  I didn’t want to interrupt them, so I tiptoed to my bedroom before I quietly called for another ride.
I had Command trans-verse me to Sunridge.  Momma-C and R-daddy were also together and involved in rather noisy relations behind closed doors.  I walked to my bedroom and called Filgro, again.  At least, I don’t have to worry about whispering this time…
“Are my married siblings behind privacy sealed, bedroom doors with their spouses?” I interjected before Filgro could finish his announcement.
“Please hold while I check their locales…” he said.
I know Grandma Edie lowered the marital boom on them, but all of them making love at this time of the day??  That’s unheard of…
“Yes…” Filgro told me.
“Yes, as in Ember, Jaysen, Tray and Willow are all in their respective bedrooms??”
“Affirmative…”
“Alright, now where do I go with that?” I mumbled, thoroughly puzzled.
“Do you wish to join any of them?” Filgro offered formally without realizing what he was suggesting.
It was everything I could do to hit the mute button before the laughter exploded.
“Young Miss Stewart…Miss Stewart…are you in peril??  Have we been disconnected??” he frantically inquired.
“…here…” I squeaked and snickered, trying to get control of myself.
“Your request was not understood.  Do you wish to join the Reigning High Lord Master and Lady Ivester or the Reigning High Master and Mistress Pateman?” he asked again in innocence.
I might have to mute myself, indefinitely.  I was winded and doing the pee-pee dance.  All I managed to say was “wait…” then, I doubled over.  If I were to “join” any of them, the only person left alive in the end would be Willow.
Tray, Jaysen and Ember would keel over because the word modest doesn’t adequately describe how reserved they are when it comes to sexual matters.  I rushed into my bathroom to prevent an embarrassing accident.
Washing my hands after I finished, set off another wave of hysterics.  Scrubbing with warm water and soap is typically Ember’s favorite past-time, but evidently it gets moved down the priority scale when she’s getting busy with Jaysen…
I have no idea how long I rolled around on my bathroom floor, giggling because my phone was sitting on the vanity.  My vision was blurry from the tears, anyway.
Finally giving up talking to Filgro, I crawled to my bedroom on all fours.  Then, I sent him a text and requested to be taken to Zander.  I landed outside of the media room located in the House of Michael.
The media room also has a privacy seal surrounding it.  I will send good old Filgro a text to drop it when I get back.  I know I can safely “join” Zander.
Needing to fix my smeared makeup, I went to my bedroom to take a look at the damage.  My dark purple shirt is stained with mascara and my ivory colored pants are filthy from where I rolled on the floor at Sunridge??
Whoa, something’s off…
Momma-C’s floors always stay so clean that a meal can be eaten off of any of them.  That includes every room in her house, with her bathrooms’ being the cleanest.  I have witnessed Ember pick up a grape she accidentally dropped on the floor at Sunridge and eat it.  My germ-a-phobic sister knows precisely how sanitary Momma-C keeps her rooms.
I frantically grabbed clothes and felt the panic rising.
Why would Zander seal himself inside the media room??
“Is there a female in the media room with Zander?” I text messaged the question to Filgro and yanked a shirt over my head.
“Affirmative…” he replied and I started hyperventilating.
“He’s just gaming…taking some well-deserved time off ‘cuz he’s been parenting the kids.  He has a female friend in that media room.  But, he’s not with her in a bedroom…that’s gotta be good.  He didn’t want me or anyone to bother him.
“It’s probably just K. S. Kimber…yeah, that’s it…she’s much kinder and softer than Zander…she won’t be doing anything with him other than gaming…
“She’s terrified of R-daddy and Momma-C.  She’s probably nervous about all of us adults in this family – yeah, that’s it!  Boo-bear just put up the privacy barrier so none of us would barge in on them and scare her…” I convinced myself in the mirror while I re-applied a fresh coat of makeup.
That helps explain why he hasn’t responded to my text messages.  The media room has an active interface that disrupts cell signals.  That way phones will not interrupt the electronic activity.
The privacy barrier prevents Command from going in and disrupting my family members.  The best Filgro could do without my request would be to leave a message that I need Zander to call me when he exits. He would have received my many, many text messages when he left the media room.  He wouldn’t be in that room getting ‘gypsy busy’ with a girl from the party – would he??
The thought hit me at the same time I remembered my bizarre reaction to Dylan Rhinehart at my royal grandparent’s home.
“How many messages are waiting for Zander to pick up?” I inquired from Filgro.
His response was 63.
“Did he go to school at all this week?” I typed quickly.
“Negative…”
Zander must be in trouble!
My eye liner went sailing as I took off like a bullet fired from a gun.  My heart was threatening to explode out of my chest as I raced down the hallway.
“Entry authorization, now…” I yelled into the intercom outside the media room.
The barrier dropped and I burst inside, panting and thoroughly panicking.

Chapter Fifty

Terrified, my voice was hidden deep inside of me…
The only form of lighting was the video game on the screen.  I wasn’t looking where I was going, anyway.  That’s never a good combination for running.
My eyes had not adjusted to the dim environment.  So, I didn’t see the scattered markers strewn across the floor.
“Arm…eeeeekkkkkk…” I shouted as I tripped and fell, because that was the best I could do.
“Aunt Krista…you can’t walk around on top of my markers ‘cuz they’re rounder than marbles.  I had out tacks a minute ago.  You’re super lucky I was finished stickin’ them in stuff and was colorin’ some more things for mommy and daddy…” Haven informed me as she scrambled to clear the remaining markers.
“Oh…sweetttiiieeeeee…my sweetttiieeee,” I said, gathering my little niece into my arms and holding her, tightly.
“Oh, my Aunt Krista…I love you and I’ve been missing you something awful.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean for you to try and cross the marker river.  I didn’t know you were gonna come running around in here to be with us ‘til it was all over.  You didn’t get to finish your runnin’ ‘cuz of those…I shoulda been usin’ my crayons.  Well, I think they woulda made you fall over in your tracks, too but just not as fast maybe.  They break when you run over them, but they’re still round like markers…even when they’re in pieces.
“Did you hurt your arm eeeekkkk, Aunt Krista??  Is that why you’re upset??  I didn’t mean for you to get hurted on my junk!  I shoulda picked it all up or kept it in the basket.  I just forgot to pay attention to where I was puttin’ stuff ‘cuz this has been my corner while I’ve been in here.  I’m a messy Plicasso…” she stated and continued rambling, nervously.
Zander, Quinn, Luke and Mikey are ignoring the commotion.  But, they are all safe…in this room…playing video games…with junk food wrappers and empty soda bottles surrounding them.
“Is…okay…baby…” I offered weakly, attempting to calm down.
I had been so petrified when I ran in that I could still taste the adrenaline.
“What’s an arm eeeekkkk, Aunt Krista??  Do only grown-ups get one or do little girls have them too??  I don’t think I’ve ever heard anyone tell me that…arm eeeekkk, huh?”
“There’s no such thing as an arm eeeekkkk, baby girl – just an arm.  That ‘eeeekkkk’ part is just what my crazy brain came up with to say.  I didn’t know you were in here…” I stated, keeping my tone light.
“We’ve been ripping-up our horror-moans…” she announced.
“Do you mean revving up your hormones?” I inquired.
“Yup…that’s what I thought I was saying!”
“Just how long have you and your brothers been in here revving your hormones?”
“It’s kinda hard to tell without no windows in the place.  King Luke A. Mon and Mikey T. S. Biggs have slept about four sleeps.  Zander and Quinny only slept for two or three sleeps.  It’s three if you wanna count the little nap they took after their first super long champlang…I mean camp-pain.
“I’ve been getting us food and drinks using the Commandee in Central Command.  See my apple cores, pear cores and yogurt cups and cot…well, I’ve been eatin’ right and sleepin’ just like I’m supposed to.  The boys are getting ready to take off on a tester-road adventure.  They said they gotta stay up and play and eat junk ‘cuz it’s what marathong gangers munch on when they’re revving their horror-moans.  So, junk food is what I ordered for them…” she revealed.
“First, the terms are “testosterone”, “marathon” and “gamers”.  And, it’s “hormones” not horror-moans, remember?”
“Oh yeah…sorry…”
“Second, why have all of you been sleeping and eating in the media room?”
“Well, it’s a long, borrrriiiinnnnnggg story…” she hedged.
“I’ve got plenty of time to hear it.  Before you start, mind telling me why they’re not interested in saying ‘hi’?” I asked her gently and she turned to her brothers.
“Welllll, that’s kinda an even super longer story…”
“Haven Celestial Serene…”
“Just hold those name-horseys’ and I’ll fix their interest…” she declared and withdrew what looked like a channel.
The boys dropped their controllers.  Mikey and Luke keeled over and fell asleep.
“EEEEEkkkkk…my hands…” Quinn said, trying feverishly to rub the cramps out of his overused palms.
“Aunt Krista said there’s no ‘eeeeekkkkk’ body parts…it’s your crazy brain’s made up word…” Haven offered him, logically.
“What…this…how long…happened?” Zander asked, attempting to sort through his thoughts enough to ask a question.
“I don’t understand the word orders you’re sayin’ Zander.  Are you askin’ us a something or telling us a something?” Haven questioned.
Zander didn’t respond right away.  Instead he healed Quinn’s hands and nodded for him to return the favor.
I couldn’t seem to keep a straight face when they had to dig each other out from underneath the empty bottles, candy and chip wrappers.
“What did you do to us, Haven?” Quinn inquired, valiantly trying not to laugh right along with me.
“I gave out heart-flips desires…” she announced.
“What kind of heart-flips desires?  Daddy’s kind?” Zander questioned, clearly understanding something she said.
“No, not my daddy’s kind…R-daddy’s kind.  It was from that big, fat book on the high, high shelf in his office…”
“You can’t reach that book, alone…” Quinn offered.
“I didn’t need to reach it…” she replied.
“How did you read about heart-flips desires if you didn’t reach the book to read it?” Zander asked, succinctly.
“Mikey put Luke on his shoulders and they reached it down for me…” she told us, proudly.
“Who did you give the heart-flips desires to?” I questioned her, bracing myself.
“Well, practically everybody but not g-mommy or Grand-Mommy Edie or you either ‘cuz none of you were with us when we were eatin’ breakfast on the day after the animal sure-far-ray…”
“The word is “safari”, Little Girl…” Quinn corrected her and looked at me, knowingly.
“I like sure-far-ray better.  Oh well, no one asked me what to name animal-looking when they decided on it…”
“Let’s get King Luke A. Mon and Mikey T. S. Biggs to bed.  Then, mind showing the rest of us the heart-flips channel you gave to us?” Quinn requested.
“I’ll show you, but you can’t read it or take it off.  Zander’ll have to read it to you, if you wanna know the whole-whole thing.  There’s this big word at the beginning that I couldn’t figure out.  And, there’s only one that I couldn’t get in the middle.  I had to guess at one other word near the end, but I think I guessed it right.  I could read all the rest of it…I’ll show you if you want.  Part of heart-flips is in that funny picture language that the Vaydem old folks liked to write in.  R-daddy’s been teaching it to me and I’ve been learning it, as fast as I can.  Those old Vaydem people were real picky about who can take heart-flips away.  I gave it out so I’ve gotta be the taker-backer…” she said.
“Great…a hybrid ancient/modern Vaydem heart-flips desires channel that has a big word attached to the title and can only be withdrawn by the giver.  Yay, it’s just what we all wanted…” Zander stated and Haven was beaming.
“Okay, Zander…Quinn and I will put Mikey and Luke in bed while you and Haven go look at the heart-flips book…” I offered with a smile the size of Texas on my face.
“It’s not called heart-flips book, my Aunt Krista…the big, big book is called Deepest Prassions,” she informed us.
“The word is ‘passions’…” Zander responded with an equally big smile. 
Scared senseless again, I put Luke down at the speed of light.  Quinn changed Mikey into fresh P.J.’s, put him to bed and made it out before I did.
“How bad can this be??” I asked Quinn before we joined Zander and Haven.
“Depends…how long were we gaming?” my nephew replied.
“It’s Sunday, late morning, now.  I haven’t heard anything from any of you since Monday night at dinner…”
“My mom and/or dad call you?”
“Nope…not a word…”
“Ember/Uncle Jaysen?  Aunt Fallon/Uncle Reid?  Either momma and/or daddy??”
“Nope, nope and double no…”
“Let’s get to Sunridge and pray everyone’s still breathing…” he said without any humor.
Haven greeted us as we rushed into R-daddy’s study.
“Momma-C and R-daddy are playing safari…isn’t that excitin’!  They’re making all kinds of animal sounds.  I just couldn’t tell which jungle from which world.  But, Zander put up a quiet barrier and says we can’t ask them if we can be animals.  I wanna play safari too…” she declared and her lower lip stuck out to prove her extreme dissatisfaction.
“It’s a jungle going on in there…alright…” my Boo-bear agreed with a very red face.
“Haven, you’ve been playing all week!  It’s time for everyone to stop, now…” I said, attempting to be convincing.
But, it sounded completely lame and pathetic.  Quinn was snickering and Zander was hiding behind Haven’s head so she couldn’t see him laughing.
Someone needs to confiscate my adult card…
Fortunately, Haven wasn’t paying attention to me or my weak pseudo-reprimand.  She forgot about playing safari too when she found the channel in the book underneath a pile of papers.
“Here it is!  Tell me the word, Zander.  Tell me the word that’s too big to read…” she stated in excitement.
“That’s actually two words…boundlessly enchanting…your gift is called boundlessly enchanting heartfelt desires…” Zander told us and turned as pale as a sheet of paper.
“And, what’s that word…I just skipped it ‘cuz it didn’t look big enough to think about…” Haven inquired, wrinkling her forehead in confusion.
“It means waning…” Zander revealed.
“What’s whanning?” she questioned.
“No Haven…waning.  It means goes away little-by-little,” Zander said in a haunted voice.
“Well then, I’m happy I didn’t use that little ‘waning away’ word ‘cuz I wanted them to have loads and lots of heart-flips for days and days…” she offered, twirling and giggling.
Mission accomplished!
Zander took Haven by the hand and led her to Momma-C and R-daddy’s bedroom.  He pounded on the door, but they didn’t open it.  We waited while they trans-versed to the House of Michael.  Ember and Jaysen didn’t respond.  Then, they went to the House of Evn’ Tides to see if they could get the channel withdrawn from Tray and Willow.  No such luck either.
By the time he returned to Sunridge carrying her alone, I knew we were in over our heads.
“Haven tried to be a taker-backer.  But, the channel appears to be stuck on them…” Zander declared with a look of genuine horror.
“I promise-promise that I tried my very hardest, but those heart-flips are staying right where I put ‘em,” she announced.
“We need Grandma…” Quinn stated.
“Yeah, we need Grandma Edie…” Zander agreed.
“Yeah, I want my grand-mommy.  I’ll give her the heart-flips when she gets here.  She’ll play safari with me!” Haven announced, remembering what she wanted to do.
“No more presents today, Baby Girl!” Quinn, Zander and I exclaimed in unison.
I pulled my phone out and sent a fast text to g-mom.
“No help coming from home front.  Tiny situation here,” I said and she replied, instantly.
“Am I needed???”
“Not yet. Will keep you informed…”
Then, I sent Grandma Edie a text that said, “Z, Q and I need you ASAP Sunridge…”
This prompted an immediate call from Filgro.
“Hello, Command…” I stated happily in a neutral voice for Haven’s benefit.
“Reigning Lady Quinton apprised us of an urgent matter – please advise!” Filgro exclaimed, sounding like campus security.
“Little Lady Haven has stuck a channel gift to everyone and she can’t seem to get it unglued.  We’re hoping…” was all I got out before Haven snatched the phone from my hand.
“Let me handle him.  Hi Commandee in Central Commands…this is General Commander Girl Haven, over and under.  I want my Grand-Mommy Edie, please.  You’re still locked where you’re stuck and can’t come in here like you can’t go to Media Room Central.  So, I want my grand-mommy, right here with me.
“You heard me…now!  They’re in there playin’ safari without us but you can’t hear it ‘cuz Zander keeps putting up those silent walls.  She’ll wanna be here to see it and play it…whether she can hear it or not…” Haven said and fell silent for less than ten seconds.  “Yes, that’s what I was just sayin’.  She’ll have to be here with us at Mommy-CiCi’s and R-daddy’s house if she wants to play jungle safari in the bedroom.
“No, tell her they won’t come out to go play…
“Aunt Krista says that game time is over ‘cuz we’ve been at it all week.  She put her foot down ‘cuz she’s Commander General Girl when she got here – she out-spanks me and even, Zander.  But, my Grand-Mommy Edie and my G-Mommy Lizzy out-spank her.  They know how to play, even more than my little brothers.  They won’t say ‘no’ to any game, anywhere and might make Aunt Krista put her foot up.  If my grand-mommy can’t come ‘cuz she’s busying around someplace, I want my G-Mommy Lizzy to come play with me…” she stopped for another twenty seconds before she interrupted him.
“No, you gotta listen, Commandee Filgro.  Mommy-CiCi and R-daddy won’t come outta the bedroom long enough to do anything with me or without me…”
Filgro must have said something to her about her missing parents.  Thunder clouds were brewing as the tears brimmed.
“I forgot how much I miss my mommy.  I want her and my daddy, too.  I haven’t seen any mommy or daddy or Papa Tray or grand-mommy or g-mommy in a bunch of sleeps.  My Aunt Krista just got here to me.  I’m not gonna heart-flip her until later ‘cuz I don’t want her to get stuck in a bedroom someplace.  I want the ones that aren’t with me to still keep having their heart-flips.  But, I want them to want their Haven too while they’re flipping their hearts out with each other playing jungle safari in their bedrooms.  I want my…whole…big family…” she said and she started sobbing.
We were huddled around Haven, trying to console her, when Grandma Edie trans-versed to us.  She gathered my niece into a hug and kissed her until she stopped sobbing.
She was obviously in the middle of something important because she was wearing her crown.  Zander, Quinn and I attempted to apologize for the interruption, but she waved a dismissal to us and smiled.
“I love you, little Sweetie Baby.  It’s alright…calm down.  What’s wrong with my Havey girl?” she asked, soothingly.
“Grand-mommy, it’s been a fun, long week in the room playin’ and playin’ with the boys and their hormones.  But, Aunt Krista says game time is over.  She put her foot down and we’ve gotta listen unless you can put her foot back up.  I wanna play jungle with everyone too, but no one wants to stop playing safari long enough to open the door and give me a turn.
“They don’t wanna listen and I can’t be a taker-backer.  I want them to want their Haven while they play their heart-flipping jungle safari game in their bedrooms.  I’m not extra-tired like Luke and Mikey.  They stayed up all night and I didn’t,” Haven told her, snuggling to Grandma Edie like she had never been held before.
Zander opened the book and grandma swiftly read through the channel.  Her eyes widened and she blew a breath upward before she talked to Haven.
“When Aunt Krista puts her foot down, we all have to obey her order.  They didn’t hear her command.  So, I’ll go with you and we’ll make sure they hear it.  I’ll get them to stop playing and you can be a taker-backer…” Grandma Edie stated.
After Haven informed her of her victims, Grandma Edie carried her around and together, they removed the heart-flips channel.  My parents and siblings filed into the dining room in the House of Michael, ten minutes later, looking like holocaust survivors.  They were a disheveled bunch of mismatched, emaciated, dehydrated vagabonds…at least, that’s how I would describe them.
I was fighting with all that was in me to keep from laughing.  I would be happy that I managed to maintain my composure.  I walked by a mirror and finally looked at myself.  When I was changing clothes, I was nervously preoccupied with the unknown female locked in the media room with Zander.  I didn’t assume the female would be Haven because she isn’t normally allowed to play or watch the video games Zander plays.
Filgro would have told me it was my niece, if I had asked the right question.  The Ava’shay are always literal, answering only the question addressed to them.
My outfit was more comical than anything the others were wearing.  I had on a clean white t-shirt, but I was still wearing my hot pink bra from this morning with a winking face on the left cup.
I couldn’t recall where I got my pants from.  Somehow Jaysen’s pajama bottoms had found their way into my dresser…or I might’ve picked them up from somewhere in my worried panic.  Either way, I was wearing his camouflage lounge pants that Ember bought him as a joke for Valentine’s Day.  The pants had “Major Stud” printed all over them.  So, the fact that my sister was wearing her “General Sweets – Studs Report Here” pajama top turned out to be very ironic.
And, to complete my look, I had a long black streak of eyeliner starting at my left eye and ending underneath my shirt.  That wouldn’t have been so bad, but the line formed an arrow.  The thick black eyeliner-arrow was prominently pointing to my unwinking, right breast.
We were preparing to run for cover.  But, Grandma Edie shook her head.
“Everyone park it!” she demanded and we complied.
Haven was being passed from lap-to-tired-lap for hugs and kisses.  She told them, one and all, that they have to play bedroom animal noise safari jungle game with her the next time it’s their night to tuck her in.
Even Quinn and Zander were sporting glowing red-faces because they understood what she was asking for.  My poor parents and siblings were holding their plastered-on smiles and telling her they would make up a new safari game just for her and her brothers.  Papa Tray finally convinced her that jungle games are bedroom-specific and hers would be the most special one.  Haven was squealing in delight by the time she was handed back to Grandma Edie.
The staff brought in a hot meal.  Everyone dug into the food like they hadn’t eaten in days.  Although I wasn’t famished, my stomach was growling.  So, I joined them.
Grandma Edie trans-versed to change into more comfortable clothing.  We continued to anxiously chitchat with Haven and pretend this is a normal, everyday lunch we’re eating – instead of the last meal before swinging from grandma’s gallows.
When grandma returned, the tension mounted.  Smiles were still affixed, but only my niece was talking.
It was evident that Zander and Quinn had been cooped up for a week.  They were still wearing the clothes they had on last Monday night at our family dinner.  That was the first time I have ever seen a Cheetos-stained t-shirt in what appeared to be an art-deco pattern. My oldest nephews were so exhausted they were struggling to lift their forks.
Once they were finished eating, they looked at Grandma Edie with pleading eyes.  They were hoping to be dismissed entirely from the forthcoming lecture.
“Zander and Quinn, make the rounds for hugs and kisses.  You can both take a fast shower when you’re finished.  Toss everything you’re wearing in the garbage.  Then Quinn, I want you to run a bubbly bath for our little princess.  Zander you come pick her up from my bedroom.  I’ve already called Tabby.  She’ll be here at about the same time you deliver your baby sister to the bathroom.  Then, you two hit the hay…no calls, girls or anything besides sleep.  Got it?”
“Yes ma’am…” they said, simultaneously.
“As for you, Little Lady…let’s go talk in my bedroom until that bath’s ready.  Aunt Tabby will put you to bed after…
“Oh no no…I’ll have no pouting!  You only need a short nap, but you’re going to take it.  Now tell everyone ‘bye so we can get to our girlie talkin’…”
Haven made the world’s quickest rounds because she doesn’t get Grandma Edie all to herself very often.  Although she was confused by our strange outfits and the way we look, she didn’t mention anything about it.
They left us and before we could say anything to each other, a hologram appeared.  We were getting ready to sit in on their private chat and listen.  Grandma told Haven to sit in the rocking chair.  She would brush her hair while they were talking.
“I know you’ve been camped out in the Media Room, but why didn’t you go sleep in your own bed this week?”
“Zander and Quinny were watching us like hawks, even when I didn’t think they were, they were – can you believe it??  They’ve got those back-of-the-head eyes with grand-mommy vision.  They said we didn’t have to go to bed until they took us to it.
“Their heart-flips made them want to play video games all night and day.  I think they forgot about putting us in the bedroom.  But, Quinny ran out and got us our camping stuff and cots while Zander held both controllers.  They told us to make a camp.  We couldn’t burn the smarsh-mellows since it was an indoor tent and we couldn’t make a fire.  But, it was fun, fun, fun campin’ in the clean indoors room.  Well, it started out clean and my side stayed that way.  Icky boys don’t much care about germs.
“Oh, Quinny kept saying he needed to go out of the camp and call his gypsy chair-um when they finished fighting on the screen.  But, the army men kept right on coming outta nowhere.  And Zander needed Quinny to wash his back…” she stated.
“You mean watch his back, right?”
“Oh yeah that’s what I mean.  They’re great big good army guys now – practically non-beatable.  But, those poor girls in Quinny’s chair-um didn’t ever get outta their chairs if they were waiting on him to call and get them up.  No cells work in Camp Media Central.  Quinny was fighting up a storm with Zander, back watching…”
“How did you get fresh clothes and food?  Did you brush your teeth and take a bath?  Did you get some sleep, sometimes?” Grandma asked her.
“Zander appointed me the General in charge of Camp Media Room ‘cuz I’m the biggest.  I called my Commandee in the Central Command on the intercom and told whoever answered what my order was.  We ate the food we wanted ‘cuz that’s what campers get to do.
“I was a good girl and brushed my teeth in the sink three times, after every meal.  I couldn’t get the boys to do it like they should, but boys will be boys.  That’s what Mommy-Willow says, anyway.  I don’t know what that means, exactly.  Shouldn’t it be boys will be dirty?  Or boys will be boys playin’ games with dirty teeth and faces?” Haven inquired.
“That’s what it really means, Honey Bunny.  Let’s keep that our girlie-secret, okay?”
“Sure, grand-mommy…”
“Okay, where were we…oh yeah, did you take a bath?”
“Yes, I took five of them.  But, I didn’t get pruney fingers, not even once, ‘cuz Zander and Quinny rush, rush, rushed me!  I was only the General Girl in the camp and not in my bathroom…”
“Did they ever leave you or your little brothers, alone?”
“No silly-willy.  One stayed to watch the camp and the other took me to the lap-spreen…”
“That word is latrine…”
“I’ve been calling it the wrong thing all week!  General Girls need to know the right thing to call bathrooms’ in camp worlds.  Oh well, they might not know the right word to call it either.  I’ll just tell them the next time I think about it…
“Zander and Quinny played rock-paper-scissors.  The loser had to take me and run a bubbly bath.  Whoever took me sat right outside the door and hurried me up.  I tried to tell Quinny he could call his chair-ums while he waited.  But, he was busy kickin’ booties on the iPad – whatever that means.  He said I couldn’t watch what he was doing ‘cuz it was M-rated.  If mommies rate it, then I can watch it, too.  I’m gonna be a rated mommy someday.
“Oh by the way grand-mommy, baths aren’t too much fun when a girl’s being rushed by her big brother…”
“I know, Sweetie Pie.  Did your little brothers take a bath?”
“Not that I saw.  But, they might’ve done it or pretended to do it.  They pretend to brush their teeth and wash their faces.  They mostly jet wet their toothbrushes ‘cuz it takes more than an eye blink to scrub their teeth clean.  I told them mommy will start inspectin’ them again ‘cuz they don’t listen to General Sisters.
“I’ll tell daddy he needs to do it on that boy outside camping trip.  Mommies aren’t allowed to go.  I guess dirty camping trips are D-rated…” she informed her, attempting to hide her yawn.
“Just a few more questions, then Zander will be coming by to get you.  Baby, why did you think everyone needed a heart-flips gift at breakfast on Tuesday morning?”
“Well, mommy was crying and tellin’ Aunt Krista she wanted to be with daddy.  That wasn’t at breakfast.  That was when we had that fun slumber party in the family room.  Mommy said her heart was crushed from missing daddy.  Aunt Krista was cryin’ for her ‘cuz that’s what best friend sisters do – they cry for you.  Oh grand-mommy, don’t worry…I wasn’t steve’s dropping…”
“You mean eavesdropping…”
“Yeah, that’s what I was saying.  I wasn’t eavesdropping on their bedroom talk.  I was just going to get my new tube of pink sparkle toothpaste to show Mommy-GiGi and their voices found me in the hall.
“I knew mommy wanted to be with daddy so much her heart was crushing.  I kinda forgot about her heart pain when we went on safari ‘cuz I was havin’ too much fun.  I’ll have to tell mommy I’m sorry.
“My mind remembered it when we got back and went upstairs to wash up for breakfast.  I heard Mommy-Willow and Aunt Fallon talking about how their hearts were smashin’ too.  They wished they had some more time with their sprouses ‘cuz a few measle-leaps minutes isn’t long enough…”
“The word is measly…”
“Measle-leaps sounds funnier, but okay.  I went to ask someone else to tell me who the sprouses are.  But, everyone else was busy talking about their heart pains and hurts and sprouses, too…” she said.
“Did you ever find out who the sprouses are?” Grandma Edie questioned her after my niece stopped yawning.
“Well, I had to figure it out by myself, but I did it.  Sprouses are the people you love with your whole, entire heart so much you marry them ‘cuz they’re your best friend mommy or best friend daddy.  Did you know that whole hearts get smooshed real easy when we’re not careful with them?”
“Yes…I do know that…”
“Sprouses play together when they first start the marrying.  That’s what I think they do at least.  They really wanna spend time with each other and do their things together.  But, they turn into grown-up adult sprouses, way soon after they do the marrying I guess.  They get to working and busying around and forget how to play fun stuff with their sprouses.
“They shouldn’t forget about playing…especially with their bestest friend in all the wide worlds.  It makes their hearts hurt.  And I couldn’t let that happen…not to my mommy and really not to my daddy…” she said, stopping long enough to drink some apple juice.
“So, you can’t let your daddy have his heart hurt…” Grandma Edie prompted her to start again.
“No, it’s real bad on the daddies when their hearts get squashed ‘cuz they’re going away for a week to play with the boys.  They can’t fix smooshed hearts when their sprouse can’t come in the boy only tents.  Well, Uncle Reid mighta been able to get his heart un-smooshed ‘cuz I think he’s stayin’ with his sprouse.  But, I didn’t know if my mind would remember to ask him.  That’s a long week away and lots of things happen in my mind.  R-daddy and Daddy-Jax will be busying around playing with me…” she said and motioned for grandma to hold her in her lap.
“Daddy told Papa Tray he was gonna miss mommy while he was gone and they didn’t get enough time together.  He sounded like he was gonna cry and Papa Tray sounded like it too ‘cuz he wanted to be with Mommy-Willow.
“Grand-Mommy, you and I know for sure, daddies don’t hardly ever cry!  Mommies cry a bunch like when you’re happy, mad and sad…but, not daddies.  It took almost forever, but I finally figured out why everyone was cryin’.  They were telling the wrong ones that they didn’t get enough time to finish playing with their sprouses.  I would cry too if…”
“Hold on…what do you mean…they were telling the wrong ones?”
“Well, they were telling their sisters or brothers.  But, they shoulda been telling their sprouses that they want to play with them some more.  Then, they shoulda just gone and done it.  They’re not like my Kyrann with his big boss and bigger boss.
“My mommies’ and daddies’ do their own bossing.  At least, I think they do their own bossing around.  But, even if they have two big bosses, those bosses should know that sprouses need time to play together so their hearts won’t get smooshed flat…” Haven stated and had to stop long enough to yawn and rub her eyes again.
“King Luke A. Mon and Mikey T.S. Biggs aren’t my sprouses ‘cuz boys don’t marry sisters.  But, they’re my bestest friends.  I’ve missed playing with them ‘cuz their heart-flips made them want to be like our bigger brothers.  That was just a week of days and my heart was squashed to a billion pieces!  I didn’t have anyone to play with at all…stupid boy video games get borrrrinnngggg after days of hours of playin’ them.  Well, they don’t bore out the boys, but us, girls have better things to do with our time than staring at the screen and fussing at the cartoon characters going the wrong ways.
“Oh, and my Commandee in Central Command doesn’t get to play games with anyone, ever.  He said he’s locked to a post.  He’s real nice…so, he doesn’t deserve to be chained to a post.  He must have a real mean boss and no sprouse waitin’ for him ‘cuz being locked to a post sounds awful.  Doesn’t that sound awful, grand-mommy?” she asked.
“It does…and, your ride’s here…”
Zander came in, kissed grandma and carried Haven out, piggyback.
Grandma Edie trans-versed back to the dining room.  The staff wordlessly cleared the empty dishes.  They brought in two desserts for all the adults and left us a huge pot of coffee.  Not a good sign for our overall scheduling conflicts…but, I’m not moving an inch until I’m given permission.
“Krista, I won’t even ask about that interesting outfit and war paint you’re wearing.  I know Haven didn’t flip your heart.  So, I assume you’ve been flying and flipping solo all week.  Has everything been okay??” Grandma Edie asked me.
“I’m fine, regardless of my strange digs and body markings.  I was here, changing clothes and sprucing up when I figured out there was a problem.  The Commandee tied to his post told me that Zander had locked himself in the Media Room with a privacy barrier and a female. Filgro didn’t elaborate because I didn’t ask him to.  I yanked on a shirt and pants.  My eyeliner took a header down my body and into the wall.
“It would’ve paid for me to ask who the female was, but as we can all guess, hindsight’s twenty/twenty…” I stated, awkwardly and prayed she wouldn’t ask me to elaborate on my week of solo flying.
“I’m glad you did okay without any of us for back-up.  And, I’m extra happy that you figured out my other sons and daughters were up to their eyeballs in bedroom safaris!” she exclaimed.
“I’m too full for dessert and I really should…” I said, preparing to excuse myself from this sensitive meeting.
“You might be finished eating, but this is far from being over.  You need to sit still and listen.  You’ll be married to your sprouse, one day.  And, this is a lesson best learned before you start to play with him.”
“Yes ma’am…” I whispered.
My parents and my siblings were eating, slowly.  But, no amount of stalling would get them out of this predicament.
“Would anyone sitting here like to tell me how many short minutes you spent intimately heing-and-sheing on Monday night while Liz and I had the kids?” she asked and the silence was deafening.
“No takers, huh?  I’m positive I heard you each vow that you would spend ‘plenty of quality marital time’ behind closed bedroom doors, demonstrating your love for your soulmates.  I took off on an adventure, wrongfully assuming you understood my meaning and the gravity of what I told you Monday night.
“This time there’ll be no fluff or any PG-editing.  No one is allowed to duck behind anyone or anything while I’m talking – got it??
“None of you are just married through an earthly ring and a frivolous piece of legal paper.  You are all committed through spiritual covenants that the Creator personally sealed.  All of you are actually two-fold sealed.  Reid and Fallon, that temporary lack of your Ava’shay communion is moot.  Your hearts and spirits are already forged at the deepest level possible.
“Your marital commitments to each other are not some flighty teenage emo-romance.  These are serious, all-consuming needs each of you has.  They go beyond longing…they are primal drives.  Primal urges must be satisfied.  And, only your spiritual mate can fulfill those crushing needs.
“Our oldest baby boys’ game played, obsessively from their heart-flips.  But, they also stopped to eat, drink and take care of our little ones.  I had to boost Haven’s withdrawals and blast your bedrooms with a channel called redirect because none of you could force yourselves to stop long enough to answer a door!
“What if our babies had been in trouble??  Those privacy barriers have cell phone blocks.  They prevent Command from coming inside and interrupting any one of you unless we declare war.  Liz and I were off-the-grid, unconcerned about their welfare because you, each should have had fourteen blissful uninterrupted hours to make passionate love.  You should have been fully, martially satisfied by Tuesday morning.
“So, I’m going to go around this table and ask my boys, again.  How long did you spend physically demonstrating your love to your soulmate on Monday night?  My sons, I want exact numbers.
“Oh and, don’t think you’re off the hook, little girls of mine.  I’ve got another question for you to address when they get finished.
“Traywick Shane?”
“It was about…”
“No, I said precisely.  How long did you spend with Willow?”
“Twenty three minutes…but, that’s more time…” he said, softly.
“Hold that thought.  Here are unacceptable excuses.  If you have one that I don’t go over, then give it a whirl.  Number one, that’s more time than we’ve spent together in days, weeks and/or months.  Number two, we were shooting for quality and not quantity.  Number three, we scheduled more time…for the next time.
“None of those I just listed are valid.  If it’s something else, feel free to get my input.  Are we clearly understood?”
Even I nodded my head to agree, although I didn’t have to answer for anything at the moment.
“Now, Raven Daniel?”
“Thirty eight minutes…” he replied.
“Jaxon Edward?”
“We spent thirty one minutes together…” Daddy-Jax responded.
“Reid Staley?”
“Twenty nine…” he whispered.
“Jaysen Michael?”
“Grandma…could we…” he attempted to say something to her.
“‘Grandma, could we’ isn’t a number…” she remarked.
“Twenty one minutes…” Jaysen finally revealed after a brief stare-down with her ended in his ultimate defeat.
“I spent fifty five minutes with you in that meeting.  So, you all realize that I got more of your time on Monday night than you gave your soulmates’.  I know I sound frustrated…that’s because I am!  You are all setting a horrible example for our babies.
“You are also setting an even worse example for your baby sister/youngest daughter.  Krista’s schedule is so out of control that she has to plan a minute to plan her time.  We had to channel-force her to relax and dance with her single peers at the Warming.  She is the one who is supposed to enjoy it without a care.  The only thing on her mind should’ve been wowing gypsy male suitors.  Her married siblings and parents watch over her while she dances and has fun.  That’s how it should’ve happened!
“Krista barely eats, although she spends about five hours a day working out.  She sleeps the minimum amount she can get by with and feels guilty for taking time off to have a little bit of fun.  Any guesses as to how she justifies that madness??
“You can bet that Krista will seal her marriage to her soulmate.  A plain ‘I do’ earthly union at the local wedding chapel will feel empty to her.  She is spiritually sealed to her family.  That’s the only way she knows how to live, commit and love anymore.  She might marry a human man.  Or, the guy might be gifted, given her exposure to potential partners.  But, sealing experiences are rare to find.  So, human or gifted, he’s gonna be bowled over unless he’s sealed to someone.  The probability of any man having a sealing in his history is about as likely as him winning the lottery three times on the same day, after surviving a plane crash and dodging a clip full of bullets.
“He won’t have any knowledge of what he’s getting into and will need his soulmate’s assistance to have a prayer of deciphering it.  It’s not like any of us could even explain our sibling ties or parental bonds to Krista and Liz when we wanted them to seal to us.  We tried and in the end, we can all admit it was the most wasted air we’ve ever expended.
“But, that’s nothing compared to trying to describe a spiritually sealed marriage to a person who has never been exposed to a ritually sealed family.  There’s no fatherly advice to be given.  No motherly interventions to help the couple understand the concept.  There’s no way to explain it and no hints to adequately express how profound the union is.
“So there Krista will be with a sealed marriage, a clueless sprouse and no frame of reference to go by.  The best she’ll have to offer is telling him how they get together for thirty eight minutes at most, once in a blue moon to play together!  Is that what you want for her??  Stabbing around in the dark on her wedding night, hoping to figure out how a sealed marriage operates without a blueprint?  You’re all shaking your heads, but right now that’s all she’s got to go on!
“My married kids, you know you’re sharing more than sex when you make love.  You feel the sealing…you experience the channels…you exchange your spirits…you open yourselves up and give more than you ever thought you could give.  That person receiving it is the other half of you!  It is a love so intense that it defies all known logic. 
“I’m texting Lizzy because I want her to share something with you.  While we’re waiting on her, let me point something out.  Our babies took care of themselves for an entire week because not one of my marry children listened to me.
“We are sealed to each other…spiritually sealed!  That means the Maker stuck us together.  The bonds we share run much, much deeper than the closest human tie.  We need each other.  There is no relationship among us that can suffer, anymore.  You need your sisters, brothers, mothers, fathers, daughters and sons.  But, more than those, you need to prioritize engaging in a meaningful sexual relationship with your soulmate, frequently.  It can’t be rescheduled!  It can’t be put off!  And, it should be both quality and quantity.  If you spent hours together and you still want more…take it!  You should take from your soulmate until you are completely satisfied, always.
“For my kids that have those fidelity seals, have you ever wondered why having spiritual marital relations is not quite as satisfying as the real physical deal?  Guess no more…I’ll tell you why.  Those fidelity seals are only to be used in times when the Creator limits your interactions.  He opens the links and ordains spiritual marital relations when His plans for you keep you apart from your soulmate.  If you’re busy because He put you on task, then those times will feel just as satisfying to you.  But, you’re all busying around doing what you think you need to do…not what He needs you to do.  You just proved it!
“When you’re using them as a substitute, it feels hollow.  It leaves you wanting more than you did to start with.  There is no worthy substitute for a caress or breathing in a scent or even feeling someone’s weight pressing against your body.  That’s not how the Maker intended it…
“Traywick, you told me that Ember smacked you with a love whammy right after you ritually sealed your marriage to Willow with Vaydem rites.  She also smacked Rave and Celeste with the same whammy, at the same time, correct?” Grandma asked.
“Yes…” Tray said.
“Now, before I continue, I want you to realize that I sealed Ember to you at birth with a privilege of my station.  She was carried by Journey…a surrogate, but Ember Skyy was born as your daughter.  You were already sealed to Willow.  I did that the night after you met her.  I knew she was your soulmate and Tabby did, too.  The Creator allowed me to perform that ritual as a luxury.  You were both kids at the time I did it.  It’s was a marital-type sealing and one that typically won’t work until you’re old enough to consent to marriage.  Your sealings were what gave me peace when I was taken from you for all those years.
“Willow, I sealed your daughter to you the night you held her and welcomed her to the world.  I was hiding in the shadows and watched the sealing forge between you and Ember.
“So, whether any of you knew it or not, you had experience with sealed relationships from a very young age.
“Okay Ember, did you ever feel the slightest twinge of guilt for smacking your parents with a love whammy on their honeymoon?” Grandma Edie asked her.
“No…”
“They were out of commission for a week and you ended up getting ritually married to Jaysen while they were off honeymooning.  So, why didn’t you feel guilty?”
“Well, I wanted them to be together, together…” my sister revealed, wiggling from her discomfort.
“You wanted your parents to spend a week privately making love and creating a baby.  Is that an accurate assessment?”
“Well, yes…”
“I wasn’t around then, but I can safely declare that you wanted them to be “together, together” from the minute Willow came back into your lives…” Grandma told her and Ember gasped.
“How’d you know that??” she questioned in amazement.
“The sealing compelled you to want to shove your parents together.  You don’t feel guilty about it and you never will.  Just like you didn’t feel guilty about shoving R-daddy and Momma-C together that same day.  They’re your parents, too and ritually sealed.
“I’d judge you felt more than satisfied knowing your parents were sharing a marital bed and consummating their sealings.  It’s normal for a sealed child to manipulate the system if the adults aren’t taking care of business.
“Willow, aside from the obvious and private baby-making, what did you do the week of your honeymoon?  Do you remember doing anything else, at all?”
“No, not a single thing until Ember called to us to come get her…” she admitted.
“Traywick?”
“Nope…we couldn’t even remember where we left our child…”
“Rave and Celeste…Ember’s your daughter too and she channeled the same blend to you, correct?”
They nodded.
“Celeste, aside from the private obvious, do you remember what else you did, if anything?”
“I gave Rave a back rub.  I kept telling him I should get dressed and start dinner.  He said “I’ll help you…” and “…we’ll do it in a minute”.  Then, he finally said we’d just take Zander and Ember out for a late meal…” she said with a soft giggle.
“Rave, your turn…” grandma coaxed him.
“I remember that and what I talked about.  We soaked in the hot tub after that back rub…remember, honey?” he stated.
“That’s right!  You kept heating and cooling the water to keep me comfortable.  You did it to make me stay in with you, longer…” Momma-C offered, smiling.
“When we finally got out, about two hours later, we took a shower.  I used a whole bottle…shampooing her hair while she talked…her voice…I wanted her to just keep talking to me…” R-daddy stated and closed his eyes obviously, losing himself in the pleasant memory.
“Ember withdrew the blend through your bedroom door, I assume…”
“Yes, we were still in the shower…” Momma-C told us. 
“You were two closed doors away, with the water running, talking.  Did she have to bang and beat on the door?  Beg you to come out?  Did she have to take care of Zander, for even thirty minutes while you decided whether or not you could pull away from your soulmate long enough to take care of them?”
“No…” they answered together.
“Tray and Willow, have you ever wondered why they only semi-lost one amazing afternoon and managed to keep their wits about them…whereas, you two truly lost a week to your frenzied, blissful honeymoon mania?” grandma inquired.
“Well, we kinda assumed Ember didn’t give them as much ‘love whammy’ as she gave us…” Tray practically whispered for both of them.
“That’s what I thought too, grandma…” Ember affirmed, even softer.
“You gave them the same amount, Little Girl.  R-daddy and Momma-C were taking care of marital business, sufficiently at that point in time.  Your mom and dad weren’t…
“Now before I have anyone brave up and remind me that Traywick and Willow weren’t technically married until their honeymoon, let me say this.  They both felt their relationship tie every minute, of every day, together or apart…they felt it.  It was always there – just like the rest of my married babies.
“Fallon, I know you held off dating Reid. He told you daily that he loved you, but you never told him that until years later.  Did, not saying the words or keeping yourself from being with him change even the tiniest iota of anything?”
“Yes ma’am…it made me want him more…it was like a growing desire…” my sister responded.
“Reid, when she was refusing your offers and not telling you what she felt in her heart, did you believe she didn’t love you?”
“No ma’am…” my brother revealed.
“Did you shrug her off and date other pretty girls until she decided to come clean?”
“No…”
“Did you ever, one time think about taking out another girl…even just dating as a friend type thing?”
“No…”
“Let’s get this straight.  Fallon, you didn’t say one word to your soulmate about your feelings.  You refused to go out with him on a date.  You wouldn’t even let him spiritually court you…
“Reid, you spent years openly telling her how much you love her.  And, even though she refused to give you the time of day or admit she was in love with you…you knew it.
“Newsflash sealed babies…the two of you were born with only one-half of a spirit.  You’re not filled until the other half finds you.  It doesn’t take words, vows, dinner dates or flowery declarations – the fact is…it’s the giant in the cottage.  You can’t miss it!
“In life or death or absence, the true love of your spiritual mate remains perpetual.  It’s everlastingly…eternally…and unendingly infinite.  Nothing kills or destroys love…
“Now get this.  I’m not suggesting Traywick and Willow could’ve jumped into the baby making phase without having a holy, official union.  That would’ve stripped something away that couldn’t be replaced.  But, they could have, and should have been physically dating, spiritually dating and engaging in some serious heavy petting while making out in private.  They should’ve been talking…not about their daughter or the daily chaos or how to clandestinely parent her behind the scenes.  Don’t you see???  Ember was sealed to her parents from the get-go.  They both grasped that mommy/daddy bond by the tail and ran with it.
“Willow and Tray felt the parental sealing, even though neither of them knew about it until right now.  They dedicated their lives to being her mommy and her daddy.  They sacrificed time, energy…anything…everything for their sealed baby.
“People looking at them from the outside would call them both obsessed when it comes to their relationship with their children.  Outsiders would try to talk you into counseling because to them, you’re too “parentally enmeshed”…you love your kids way more than you should.  That goes for all of us, we are intimately and unapologetically enmeshed with our little ones – even by way of gypsy standards, we are more parentally driven than they will ever understand.  We fervently protect and zealously adore our little ones to an obsessively, obsessive level.  That is a Creator-sealing bond for ya’…
“I’m sure we’ve all dropped everything to help our sons, daughters, siblings and parents.  Oh, that reminds me, this is the perfect time for me to ask my married daughters the burning question of the day.  Between you and your spouse, which one of you is the Monday night, guilty party?  I want you to tell me whether your husband asked to end things early or if you were the culprit behind cutting off the bedroom activities.
“FYI, I already know the answer…I witnessed Tray and Jaysen drop everything to stay close to their Momma-C and Momma-G in that meeting about this wedding leviathan.  The only reason Reid didn’t come back was because I heard Fallon command him to help her.
“So girls, I know but I still want to hear you say it.  And, I want you to tell me what excuse you used to convince your hubby that it had to be…for lack of a better term…a Monday night ‘quickie’.
“Emma Gayle, let’s hear it…” Grandma Edie stated.
“I am the guilty party.  I told Jax we needed to make it hasty because of our schedules.  He put up an argument, but eventually gave into my demand,” Momma-G said.
We went around the table and all of them admitted virtually the same thing.
“So, our busying around took priority.  The Maker spelled out His simple priority list.  He gets top billing…then, sprouses…then, little ones…then, sealed family…then, our busying around with everyone else.  You inverted the list…mostly unintentionally…but, it still got flipped.  You didn’t provide the nurture that your marital bond needed.
“I’ll say it again.  Spiritually sealed children will manipulate the system if things get out of whack.  They are sensitive to interferences and know precisely how to disrupt you.  Haven didn’t actually have to hear or see the problem.  She would’ve still found that channel, in that book and smacked you all with a love whammy.  All she understands is that the “sprouses” she calls her “parents” weren’t playing like they should.  She remedied your problem, just like Ember did for her mommy and daddy right after they got hitched.
“Let me remind each one of you, Ember didn’t see Tray or Willow shed a tear over their long forgotten dates and lack of make out sessions.  She never heard them make a peep about missing out on their relationship because of her or other scheduling priorities.  But, and this is key…Ember knew her mom and dad weren’t taking care of their relationship business, anyway.  So she – as their spiritually sealed child – took care of re-prioritizing it for them!” grandma exclaimed.
I’m sure she would have continued her lecture, but g-mom popped in before she could.
“I’m almost scared to ask…what did I miss?” g-mom inquired, looking in strange fascination at her family of haggled, misfit vagabonds.
“Lizzy, thanks for dropping what you were up to for a few minutes.  I know this is personal and feel free to decline my request.  But, I was wondering if you would mind sharing your ‘I don’t do mornings…’ story.  Our sons and daughters need to hear it, well only if…” grandma said and g-mom motioned for her to stop.
“Of course I’ll share it.  Mind if I grab a coffee and maybe eat a sandwich, first?  I know it’s a short and sweet tale, but finessing a nasty little Polecat consumes a lot of energy…”
Although I wasn’t technically in the hot seat, I was still feeling the pressure.  I do use them to justify my hectic schedule.  However, I’m an adult, responsible for my actions.  But, it won’t do a bit of good to tell grandma that and try to defend them or their actions.  In fact, offering excuses usually makes things worse.
So, like the others, I kept my head down and lips sealed while we waited for g-mom to finish her lunch.  She chatted casually with Grandma Edie.  They talked about the fun they had being happily incognito and playing hooky for nearly a week.
As fortune would have it, grandma didn’t ask her what she was up to with the Polecat.  And, g-mom didn’t ask her why she was sitting in a meeting with us instead of being the Tarrish queen like she had scheduled.
They only stopped conversing once.  G-mom was actually mid-bite and mid-sentence.  She sat silently smiling for a minute.  I’ve seen her do that plenty in my time…
I’ve always wondered why she would zone out, but I never asked the question.
Sometimes the answers are destined to come, even when we don’t ask for them…

Chapter Fifty One

“I don’t use the ‘M’ word…you all know that.  Each of you also has the idea that I refuse to acknowledge they exist.  Well, that’s not exactly accurate…I’ve just never bothered to correct your assumptions.  They exist to me…but, not with any of you.
“I adore those puzzled expressions on your adorable faces.  You know I’m gonna explain, so listen.
“My husband Pritchard had this repetitive A.M. wake-up ritual.  Don’t get the wrong idea.  We didn’t sleep in the same bed together until we were officially married – too much by way of temptation.  One day, I’ll tell all of you about the scrawny mouse of a spiritual shaman who performed our bounded sealing.  I’m a little pressed for time, so remind me if you wanna hear about him.  He’s a real character.
“Okay…where was I…oh yeah, in the bedroom with Pritchard.  He and I did sleep in the same room from the time we met until his absence.  It seemed more sensible to us because it’s not like we were gonna live without each other, ever again.
“I always woke up before Pritch. But, I would keep my eyes closed.  That way I could listen to him putter around.  It was all mundane stuff.  Still, I loved listening to him stretch and yawn, the whacky song he would sorta sing while he brushed his teeth…I even loved hearing that annoying squeaky hinge on the cabinet he had to open when we were at home.  That’s where his cologne was hiding out if that’s where we landed for the night.  He’d always dab on a little cologne for me…home, hotel, hostel or haunted cardboard box…he’d put it on.  He smelled intoxicating before he would wake me.
“Just like the first eighteen minutes of his day never deviated, neither did minute nineteen…the whole nineteenth minute of every day belongs to my soulmate, Pritchard.  He would say…” g-mom said and looked at grandma to speak the word for her.
“Morning…”
“It wouldn’t matter where the sun was or wasn’t.  It didn’t matter if we slept or stayed up until dawn talking, laughing or what-have-you.  The time it occurred didn’t matter…minute nineteen would come to pass.  Even if we happened to be wide awake, I would still lie down and close my eyes.  Pritchard would work through his “solo eighteen” and then, come back to find me.  And he said…” she stopped and waited for grandma to repeat it.
“Morning…”
“‘…dear love of my heart and soul.  Are you really gonna frustrate yourself, again today trying to count them?  Or, are you finally ready to admit that there’s too many to keep up with?’
“He was talking about my fruitless, daily attempts to count the ways he would prove he loves me.  Those counts restarted every twenty four hours and always began with the “M” word.  I never admitted defeat and I never will either.  But, even though I didn’t admit it, I never managed to pull it off.  And, I know that will never happen.  I had to count everything he said and did and gave me…big and small…subtle and grand…overt and covert…you get it, right?
“It was never a fair game and he knew it.  But, my stubborn streak and useless counts continue, unabated.  He would always get the jump on me.  Waking up, Pritch would thank the Creator that he found his ‘perfect, one and only’ in the ocean of people.  He whispered it, but he never failed to express his gratitude.  So, before his feet even touched the floor I was already off and counting.  I made an attempt every day to keep up, more determined than the day before to arrive at an accurate figure.  But, even when we had to be apart, I still couldn’t keep that running total.
“Actually, he proves his love even more when he’s not physically with me than when he has me sitting in his lap.  After all, I now have to count not only what he does but what my Bunny Baby does, what all my kids do and things my sister does, too…everything goes into his “love total” because Pritch gave all of you to me.  It’s too overwhelming to keep up with it, but I still dig my heels in and try anyway.
“I mean it when I say, that soulmate of mine proves his love…every second of every minute of every hour of every day…whether we’re together or separated, like we are now…it doesn’t matter…body or spirit, he goes where I go because I can’t live without the other half of me.  He’s the best part of who I am…you wouldn’t want me without him.
“So, there you have it in a nutshell.  My ‘M’s…” will belong to Pritchard Stewart for all eternity.  I’ll never share the nineteenth minute with anyone other than him.  I don’t care what I’m up to my eyeballs in doing…don’t bother me during minute nineteen.  That one I had a few minutes ago was the fifth, nineteenth minute of today.  Every time I hear someone say the “M…word” which is often by the way, the cycle repeats.  I get to restart my count after I spend minute nineteen with Pritchard.
“And, here most people think I’m addled when I mentally check out from time-to-time.  Now, my family knows where I’m at and what I’m doing on those mini mind excursions.  I’ve never missed a one…
“Okay Edie, I’ve shared – can I be dismissed yet?” g-mom questioned.
“I’ll need another ten-ish or so, if you’ve got that much to spare…”
“I’ve got twenty three hours and fifty seven minutes left to give ya’ because you said the “M” word, twice.  But, I’m sure the Polecat hopes you won’t be needing all of it.  Basically, I left him locked to his office post.  He’s gotta wait for me to return with the liberation key.  I can’t imagine anything worse than being locked to a boring office post.  Can you?” g-mom asked, ironically.
And, we felt the Creator move through the room and exit.  Evidently, He feels comfortable leaving us, children to our own devices…satisfied that we had all heard what He had to say and are finally willing to apply the important life lesson.

Chapter Fifty Two

“Alrighty let’s kiss soulmates and sealed family members.  You’re excused, once the rounds are made.  Get some sleep!  Then, all of you can try to catch up with those schedules that I’m sure are in complete shambles…” Grandma Edie told us, comically.
We snickered and breathed a sigh of relief.
My brothers’ and my dads’ all whispered the same reminder when they took their turn with me.  The pointing arrow needs to be removed from my body and Victoria would like her secret back under-wraps.  I heard all five of them call Filgro separately and order him to check my appearance before he ­trans-verses me away from home.
I made my way to grandma, who kissed me and hugged me then, ordered me to sit back down.  My heart jumped into my throat.  How did she find out??
“G-mom, did you tell on us??” I whispered as quietly and casually as possible.
“Tell what on us??” she responded, giggling.
“Tell grandma what happened to me and what we’re up to…”
“No Bunny…our secret’s safe to my knowledge.  She’s ordered all the girls to stay behind.  We’ll just have to wait and see what’s happening.
The guys finished making the rounds and waited to escort their wives out of the meeting.
“Go on ahead.  We’ve got some business, still…” Grandma Edie politely encouraged the men to leave us.
But, after the admonishment they just received they weren’t about to leave their soulmates behind…not without obtaining some type of permission from someone in charge.
“Lemme help, Edie.  Sorry men…wrong gender…she saying scoot it without using the actual boot…love you all,” g-mom interpreted.
They exited and the silence was deafening, once again.
“They’re all out of earshot…have at it…whatever it is,” g-mom said.
“Krista, count for us…” Grandma Edie requested without telling me what I was supposed to count.
Then, a noise like a roll of distance and familiar thunder, sounded.
“Okay…that’s one…two…three…four…” I kept counting the subtly distinctive thunder noises.
They ended at thirteen.
“Thirteen…keep that in mind.  Now, everyone show me your pearly whites.  Krista, count smiles…starting with yourself…”
“Eight…” I told them.
“My beautiful daughters, in this room we have eight smiles showing and thirteen strong hearts beating.  Can anyone guess as to how that might be our female reality??” Grandma Edie inquired, impishly.
My sisters and my mommas stared at grandma in complete confusion.  My dads’ and brothers’ are gone…did they leave their heartbeats behind??
Wait, I think I know what it means!  But, I’m not about to say it – not with my luck, lately.  I don’t want to blurt out what I’m thinking and jinx it, somehow.
Boy and how, I want what I’m thinking to be true…
“Oh my Creator and heaven’s angels…I might just have to admit defeat today!  Let me add five babies to Pritchard’s love count!” g-mom shouted the answer, thrilled.
The realization leveled us and our jaws dropped.
“This is real!” I exclaimed – my voice and body finally catching up with my doubtful brain.
The split second of shock, swiftly turned into squeals of excitement and tears of happiness and elation.  We huddled into a hug and awkwardly, jumped up-and-down while in our joint embrace.  Then, all eight of us climbed up on the sturdy dining room table and performed the happiest, happy barefooted dance in the history of histories.  We were so amazed, excited and astounded that we couldn’t seem to catch our breath or think, clearly.
“We’re having five babies!” we randomly kept repeating.
“Five new family members – must’ve been some meeting I just missed.  That explains the new looks and outfits, I suppose.
“Hold it…did anyone think to call me before making that announcement in a family meeting??” g-mom questioned us, suddenly sounding hurt.
“You didn’t miss the announcement, Lizzy.  You just made the announcement…” grandma informed her.
“What?  How?  Yikes…no, I know the how, of the how…but, huh on the what?  Emmy, what exactly did you order our married sons and daughters to do in that meeting on Monday night??” g-mom asked, perplexed.
Grandma doubled over laughing.  After bringing g-mom up to speed with what transpired, she joined in the hysterics.  The laughter was contagious.  All eight of us were doubled over and crying, again as we giggled.
“Well, I can hardly stand myself, Emmy!  Let’s go seal our unborn babies, right this second…” g-mom demanded, excitedly.
“I’d love nothing more and that can certainly happen while they’re still growing inside their mommies.  All five of them can be sealed to us.  But ladies, we have a few issues to toss around and put to bed before we leave this room.  Let me put this matter to rest before we start mulling the other things over.  There are no sets of multiples being carried.  This means all five expectant mommies are ordered to remain on hallowed ground.  In earth’s realm that means the Ava’shay Houses or you can go to the Ava’shay realm, anywhere on the Vaydem Preserve, Rising Light in Terria Tarrish…I don’t want any of you to stray away from our actual House, though…” grandma no sooner got those words out before the remaining seven of us riddled her with frantic questions, simultaneously.
Some different challenge or issue occurred to each one of us.  No one could be heard over the noisy chaos, but we couldn’t seem to stop asking.
“Whoa, hold on baby girls!  Other matters will be put to bed before we leave.  I didn’t expect to have to say this to my daughters…only my expectant sons.  We take hurdles one at a time…until we dead end…” she attempted to restore the peace, but only g-mom got silent.
One less voice of panic only made the rest of us grow more frantic, for some reason.  The tension skyrocketed.
“My daughters’…deep breaths…and complete silence, now!” grandma exclaimed.  “That’s better…
“All mommies focus only on your relaxing breath and the sound of my voice.  Don’t forget, you’re surrounded by a protective, permanent breathless ascent channel…
“Krista and Liz, a Vaydem breathless ascent channel also surrounds you both.  In the event you get pregnant and find yourself in trouble, the channel will send you sailing skyward to remove you from the danger.  It works lightning fast to move mom and baby out of a predator’s channeling range.
“The ascent channel sends threatened mommies sailing faster than a channel can reach you.  A strike of lightning is expelled, snail’s pace slo-mo, in direct comparison.  Stress works identically because it is perceived as a danger by the channel.  Ascent will not be able to differentiate.  We are inside…mommies…think…multiple ceilings in my way, at all times!
“Good…with that in mind, every daughter of mine in this room can choose.  Either calm down and let’s casually toss around the issues we face.  Or, you can have a channel driven nap courtesy of your eldest mommy…”
Slowing our breathing, and considering the ten floors-worth of ceilings they would have to rocket through, worked.  We resumed with a peaceful, quiet, Zen-like state of mind.
“Now, as I was saying…” grandma prepared to resume.
“Hold that ditty for one skinny minute, Edie.  Why, on earth or anywhere else for that matter, do I need a pregnancy channel to permanently surround me??” g-mom asked, astonished.
“It might be needed…but, don’t lose that chill you’ve got going, my sister.  I’ll explain.  Other realm travels make procreation possible for both sexes for millennia…”
“I know that, but I’m human no matter where my tushie is located.  And so was Pritchard for that matter.  He’s not physically with me and I’ve got no plans to cheat on him no matter where I go.  And, even if we place that insurmountable baby-making issue aside, procreation for thousands of years is exclusively for spiritually gifted beings…even if my aging clock winds backwards and my reproductive organs begin anew,” g-mom revealed, humorously.
“You are spiritually sealed to me, Lizzy.  You and Krista might not be capable of channeling or performing rituals, but you are no longer purely human.  I think you’ve forgotten that there are plenty of gypsies who are not channel or ritually gifted this day and time.  All pure-bred gypsies are human beings from earth’s realm like you, anyway.  Full-heritage, blood born gypsies sometimes get skipped in the spiritual giftings department, altogether…
“My Journey was born with a few rudimentary gifts.  Nominal gifts though they were, she managed to taint what little she had through drug and alcohol usage.  Even if I had urgently wanted to, I couldn’t seal her spirit to mine, even when she was a newborn.  You’ll recall, Journey could channel…was half-Ay’sha and half-Vaydem…she came from my matriarch-body and from the seed of His Highest Majesty, Vaydemic Shaman Lukas Quinton.  Even given all of her extraordinary lineage and channeling abilities, Journey couldn’t be sealed to me, her dad or anyone.
“She was held to the bonds of her very earthly marriage, until Striker released her, only because of my direct intervention.  She wasn’t bonded to her husband.  Obsession kept them together…not love.  The Creator ordains unions and sealings through love and decision.  Biology or giftings are of no importance to Him – period and end of story.
“I don’t have a biological sister but if I did, you, Liz would be ‘more of’ my sister than she would be.  My spiritually sealed children are ‘more of’ my babies than Journey ever was – even though I watched Lukas cut the umbilical cord with my own two eyes.  Journey was bred to be a surrogate for my children.  That fact kinda hurt my human feelings for a number of years.
“You all remember my discussing this a few days ago.  I mothered her and took excellent care of her, all the while knowing that she wasn’t my daughter.  She was in my mothering charge.  Lukas kept hoping against all odds, but he couldn’t find a good girl inside that surrogate we created.  Striker would have never been attracted to a good Vaydem girl…in fact, he never would have met her at all.
“As things unfolded, the Creator allowed me to understand that my first sealed babies, Traywick and Ember, needed Tarrish bloodlines.  But, I didn’t start out delivering a girl child with any intellectual understanding as to why that baby wasn’t destined to be mine and Lukas’ daughter. 
“We see the small picture…like how will we manage our very, unplanned family population explosion that we already love and adore.  Or, we’ll decide when to share this wonderful news with others outside of this room.  The Creator sees the whole shebang…from now, until He decides to end time.  Our questions, panics, worries, elations, celebrations and well, everything we think about are trivial, insignificant details to Him – think, tinier than the tiniest miniscule matters.  He gives the itty-bitty stuff to His kids.  That way He can work on the priority matters while He keeps us busy and entertained.
“So, I’ll grant you this, Sis…I have no plans to cheat on Lukas either.  But, if the Maker has other things in mind then, it won’t be cheating that I’m doing.  Plus, if the Creator were to conspire with my soulmate there’s no telling what I’d wind up involved in.  My agenda for today was to be the Tarrish Queen from sunrise to setting and perform my royal crownly duties that I neglected for a week.  Here I am, sorting through yet another Pritchard Stewart love count for my sister because she already lost track.  Fortunately, I didn’t.  I actually think our soulmates might be in cahoots together…because I never saw this coming.  That’s frightening…
“And, you might be fooling our daughters but you’re not fooling me.  The only reason you stopped your frantic ramblings was because you hit the second, nineteenth minute.  Just since that nineteenth, Pritch’s count is up to 1,290 or 1,295 if you want to re-total in our hidden snuggly-bunnies.
“If I were you, I’d gracefully accept defeat before Lukas and Pritch decide to do something else…” Grandma Edie stated.
“Pish-posh, why would I, do that, when I have you right here to count for me??” g-mom inquired.
“Even with my assistance, Krista’s future mate has a better shot of getting through all that I listed for him, previously along with swimming underwater from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, without coming up for air…than we have collectively winning this counting challenge…”
But g-mom is more stubborn than Tray.  She’s had more years to perfect the craft.  She flatly refused to wave the white flag.  Plus, she loudly dared both Grandpa Lukas and g-daddy to do something “that floors” her next time because this was only slightly surprising.
Holy smokes…she’s asking for it!  And, knowing them, she’ll get it and then, some.  I wonder what that big ole IT will be… 
G-daddy’s love count was up to 2,730 when the staff delivered the healthy snacks grandma ordered.  Before our private, all-girl family meeting ended a few things would happen.
We would establish a plan of containment…
The massive platter of fruits, cheese and veggies would be totally consumed…
Happily, the evil Polecat would be chained to his office post for four solid hours, waiting…
And, I wouldn’t think about Audrey, guest passes or freeing the enslaved captives at SizZle again until 1:50 in the afternoon…
I’ll be following the Creator’s schedule from now, on…
That’s what I arrogantly thought, too…until my human side got right back in my way.

Chapter Fifty Three

“Mommies, your soulmates do not have a solitary clue.  They were terrified of getting chewed up and spit out by me.  I didn’t even hear the additional beating hearts until I hugged each of you.  And herein lies the rub…if I can hear those tiny hearts beating inside of you, we can bet dollars-to-donuts that Shaman Rave and High Commander Jaxon can too.  After the browbeating they just barely survived, it will be difficult for Celeste and Gayle to avoid being alone with them…” grandma offered.
“Rave told me both times the instant we conceived.  So, there’s no question he can hear a fetal heartbeat.  That Vaydem love whammy Haven delivered was more potent than a gypsy seduction!  The last week was a monumental blur.  But, it must have been even more so for Raven…for him to miss something like us conceiving is unbelievable…
“We conceived!” she squealed in delight as reality washed over her.
The excitement overwhelmed us again.  It took us several minutes to dial it back down.
“Okay…I’ll only need six days of actual alone-time avoidance.  After the wedding, Rave and Jax are taking Haven to World Jetstream in the Ava’shay realm for the week.
“I can avoid being alone with Rave, no problem.  We’re both behind schedule, anyway…” Momma-C informed us and we looked at Momma-G.
“Jaysen was conceived during our communion ritual.  However, I have no doubt that Jax can and will hear our baby’s heartbeat if he gets close enough to…us.  I cannot believe I just stated those words!  I am pregnant with Jax’s baby!” Momma-G exclaimed.
Another round of thrilling squeals, hugs, happy dances and tears took place.
“I know this is going to be difficult, but we need to try our best to curtail our enthusiasms.  The men will get worried about what I’m doing to you and might reappear.  And, I can’t stress this enough, I already feel guilty withholding this astronomical news from them.  They are going to be over the moon elated if they don’t hit the grave.  As a normal rule, they would be the first people in the know.  But, we have a couple of special situations going on right now.
“This wedding hoopla is still happening and we need to see it through, if at all possible.  More importantly though, my sons will not knowingly leave pregnant wives home to go anywhere or do anything – provided they survive the initial impact of the news.
“Zander and Quinn will understand if the trip has to be cancelled.  Luke and Mikey will understand, too.  But, I think I can safely assume that we want to avoid that specific disappointment.  Our two youngest are about to get usurped.  They deserve this first daddy/son experience without baby sibling competition…” grandma stated.
“Mikey will be thrilled to have a little brother.  He’ll probably want the baby now instead of when it comes.  No competition concerns…at least, not from his end.  I’m not even worried about disappointing him.  He’s such an easy kid.  But, I am extremely worried about disappointing Tray.  He started pestering me the day they came back, last year to take our baby on this trip.  I know my husband.  He structured virtually everything around making this the most memorable daddy/son experience for Mikey.  Memory building for our kids is one of his life’s missions and he’s very good at it.
“Quinn will be excited about the baby.  But, he’ll be severely disappointed if the trip gets cancelled, too.  He’s been secretly helping his dad plan this trip for his little brother.  So, Tray and Quinn’s quality father/son time will be experienced taking pleasure in watching Mikey have the first thrill of an all-male summer hunt.  I can’t and I won’t take that away from Tray or Quinn, not if I have any say so in the matter…
“I’ll even chain myself to a tent in the Arboretum for a week if that’s what it takes…” Willow stated, impishly and Ember burst out laughing.
“For those of you who don’t know, that’s what I vowed so my parents would feel like I was safe enough to go on their honeymoon for two weeks.  And, you were right, grandma.  I unapologetically love whammied my Quinn into existence.  So, this thing with my own daughter is such poetic justice.  I knew you should’ve stayed gone for two weeks on your honeymoon, mom.
“Never ever, swear a blood oath and then, back out of it with devious, Stupid Cupid.  He’s patient but he will eventually get even…
“Luke is so precocious, but he’ll be beside himself with happiness.  He finally gets to be the big brother.  Like mom, I’m not worried about disappointing him.  He’s definitely going to demand I give birth immediately.  And, he’ll have back up because Haven is not used to waiting for anything – ever.  Jaysen, on the other hand, has been planning this particular summer hunt since he saw his son being conceived in the Hallows.  Right after he revived from passing out, he went straight into “…I can easily set-up a portable crib on our testosterone-filled-vacation.”
“He was so ecstatic to see his little girl. But, when Luke surprised us with his entrance I really thought my Sweet Angel Honey was going to burst from pride.  I’m not sure if it’s a gypsy thing or just a guy thing in general, but having a son…well, I don’t know how to adequately explain it.
“Jaysen loves Haven with all his heart, too.  His relationship with her is indescribable in words.  It’s like the way dad loves me.  It’s intense, but it’s different how a dad loves a son and a daughter.  How do I say it?” Ember asked of no one in particular.
“Your dad loves each of you, uniquely – same depth, same quantity…different, yet also identical qualities.  I can make that declaration without the slightest sense of doubt because I love each one of my babies, just like that…” g-mom explained in simple terms.
“Well put, Lizzy…” grandma said.
“I’ll chain myself to the same tent with mom or avoid whatever I have to…I’ll even destroy my calendar and hide in a comfy, clean decon-chamber being guarded by Haven’s Commandee for the duration.  I want Jaysen to have this hunt with his oldest son…or his only son.
“Grandma, what am I having here??  You’ve gotta tell me!  Haven won’t let this issue drop, even if I can get Jaysen and Luke to stop irritating me.  I won’t make it through her lower lip dropping, I swear it.  What am I having, another only son or only daughter??  Well, one won’t be an only, anymore.  So, forget that ‘only’ part, just what do I need to prepare for and tell Haven???” Ember frantically questioned.
“Calm down…ceilings, remember?  I’m not going to reveal sexes to anyone besides their daddies.  Tray already knows he’s getting a boy.  So, I’m going to tell him his son’s full Ay’sha name.  Those tidbits will be revealed in a closed door meeting, like this one.  That way the guys can have some fun, exciting news of their own to keep or release at their discretion.
“That’s how I’m relieving myself of this crushing guilt.  No daughter of mine will try to coax, pout or trick a “he or she” or even a single name out of me.  Anyone caught attempting will meet with my inner-matriarch in a private, outdoor setting.  Fair warning, when properly motivated, I can ascend faster than a channel…” grandma declared.
And that, ladies, is how an adult puts her foot down… 
“I’m more than fine with that.  Haven can cry on her daddy.  Bet Jaysen won’t make it past the second tear before he’s blabbing…” Ember stated, comically.
“Speaking of Haven…Jax has been so excited about him and Rave getting her all to themselves.  He and Rave have planned every minute of every day.  She will barely get two hours of sleep per night.  I imagine that we will have to build a new wing to accommodate all the things she will return with.
“I am not joking.  When Jax took Jaysen to Jetstream for the first time we had to build a new house.  It is the sole reason we have the House of Vayles’Rodier…” Momma-G told us.
“And you really think a new wing is gonna do it?” I inquired, sarcastically.
“Don’t forget, my lovely daughter…we now have Houses to distribute toys to this time instead of one paltry thirty-story palace…” she replied with a snicker.
“Up until this last week, Rave had been talking about nothing else.  I want him and Jax to have their special vacation with their only granddaughter.  He won’t leave my side if he finds out, though.  So make that a tent and chain for four…” Momma-C stated.
“Fallon, I want you to really think on this before you decide.  Although I assume this pregnancy is unexpected, you are carrying Reid’s first child.  We can and will make a whole new plan, if need be…” grandma told my sister.
“Yes indeedy my Little Sweetie Girl, you need to think on it.  You only get one chance to be first-time parents.  And, this announcement only occurs once in a lifetime.  If you want to tell him, we’ll reformulate…no sweat,” g-mom added.
“I will talk it out, so everyone can hear what I’m thinking…not just grandma.  We didn’t plan this.  When I nonchalantly mentioned thinking about finishing our communion ritual Reid had a full-fledged panic attack on me.  He immediately packed an entire suitcase with nothing but birth control for our honeymoon.  He has been obsessively rechecking those contents for weeks.  Guess that has become a worthless piece of lug…oh no, stop the presses!
“Our honeymoon might or might not be on hallowed ground.  I mean I don’t really know if it is or isn’t.  He’s surprising me and I can’t trick him into telling me.  I’ve already tried it and he’s gotten wise to my ways, quick!  And, I can’t ask him about the ground without making him suspicious!  Honeymoons, like that one we’re taking, don’t have to be dirt, specific!
“I’ll just cancel it…no, I can’t cancel Reid’s only honeymoon.  He’s put a lot of thought into it and he’s really looking forward to it.  Well, it won’t be his only, only honeymoon.  He’ll get another.  So maybe, he can go with someone else on this one…
“Hey, he better not take anyone besides me on any honeymoon, ever!  I’m the one carrying his baby!” Fallon exclaimed, temporarily losing her sanity.
“Ceilings…” we shouted in unison.
“Head between knees…” Willow commanded.
“Breathe…deep…” Momma-C ordered.
“Exhale slowly…” grandma instructed.
“Calm thoughts…” Momma-G added.
“Sssssoorrryyyy…ssssiilllyyyy thhhinnkkkinnnggg…” Fallon stammered, breathlessly.
“It’s the baby fluctuating your hormones, Sweetie Pie.  No need to apologize for your little one trying to get more comfortable inside his or her mommy…” g-mom offered.
“General Commander Girl Haven calls them “horror-moans”.  She always knows something we don’t…” I offered, to lighten the mood.
“I never thought my panic-driven insane-rambling/thinkin’ was contagious to anyone besides my dad…” Ember revealed, helping me to relieve some more of her tension. 
A few minutes later my distraught sister had regained her typical Ava’shay composure.
“That was psychotic.  Reid will figure something is direly wrong with me if that happens on him.  Then, he will promptly have a psychotic break of his own, requiring hospitalization.  Can anything be done to temporarily fix ‘horror-moans’?” Fallon asked, in her normal voice.
“I can ease them with a channel, but only slightly.  Liz hit that nail.  Your baby’s developmental needs will call for a variety of things…including extra ‘horror-moans’ from time-to-time.
“On a positive note, your little one will spiritually draw from Reid when he’s physically close enough.  Your husband won’t feel a thing.  So, between my channel and daddy’s close proximity to his growing baby, your emotions should remain fairly stable…” grandma told her.
“Can Reid hear our little one’s heartbeat??” she inquired, rubbing her belly.
“Not without my intervention…well, your R-daddy or Daddy-Jax could do it too, if he requested it…” grandma stated.
“This is a “once-in-a-lifetime” announcement, but it will be special no matter when I share it.  And, let’s face facts, there is a better than average chance that my Reid would require a headstone if I were to spring it on him today.  One carefree week of honeymooning with him, blissfully unaware, might just be what keeps him alive to see his first child.  So, I’m for waiting, as long as he’s taking us somewhere we can safely go…
“Holy Heavenly Maker I am a ‘we’ now – we’re a ‘we’ – we are a ‘three we’!!  I’m carrying Reid Jonas’ baby inside of me!” Fallon exclaimed.
We had been good for a long time.  And, Fallon is a new mommy.  In the end, we decided not to worry about finding a justification.  We celebrated with unrestrained abandon.  That’s the natural reaction to falling head-over-heels in love…with five tiny, growing babies.

Chapter Fifty Four

Allowing the happiness to spill out freely, helped us to regain our focus.  We solved most of our additional problems, rapidly.
Our expectant moms’ are spiritually sealed.  They cannot safely walk on unsealed ground because there is a slight risk of it dangerously accelerating their pregnancy.  There is no way to predict if it will happen.
G-mom will make sure Reid takes his wife to a safe locale for their honeymoon.  Grandma will help Momma-G get the Hosting Celebration moved to hallowed ground.  The rest of them will keep their feet planted in the appropriate places at all times.
Our mommies all need a check-up, but they don’t want an Ava’shay or Tarrish physician to know about our newest family members until their husbands’ know.
G-mom remedied that issue by offering Doc’s services.  He is the best gifted physician in the business.  And, he’s not Ava’shay, Ay’sha, Tarrish or Vaydem.
The tension mounted, once again, when the subject of me was brought up.  I live in a sorority house that is definitely not on hallowed ground.  Evidently, if my family seals my house something bad might be attracted to it.  I didn’t give them time to elaborate.  I told them I would pop home, at least every other day.  I don’t want to miss a single minute of watching our babies grow.  I was even considering dropping out this semester, but g-mom and grandma shot me “the look”.  My parents want me to finish college, keep cheerleading, acting and living my full life.  I will have to work on convincing them that I need, need, need my five new babies more than I need an education or college life.
Maybe, I can get Haven to “pout” them into submitting to my will.  I just need their permission to take a half-a-semester off from my college life.  A video isn’t the same as feeling the babies’ kick, move and wiggle.  I eventually tabled my inner debate because it was interfering with grandma’s concentration.
Grandma and g-mom promised to remain available to me at all times in case I need something on unsealed ground.  My dads’ and brothers’ can look out for me, too once they know about their wives’ pregnancies.
Then, all our expectant mommies’ solemnly vowed to remain well inside areas that are safe and where they are guarded at all times.  Typically, the dads’ provide them with protection.  Until they know however, my vulnerable moms’ and sisters’ would be guarded by actual guards in the most secure settings possible.
They also promised to refrain from channeling, ritual dancing and performing anything that uses spiritual power unless their lives are being threatened.  And, they swore to eat, drink, sleep and stay mellow.
Just when I thought we had made it through, the last issue arrived to destroy me…
Grandma will be sealing our babies to us as soon as every family member knows about them.  Each joining ritual increases and intensifies spiritual giftings.  That is a good thing, except when it comes time for sealed mom’s to go into labor and give birth.  The pain for our new mommies will be agonizing, debilitating and possibly lethal.  Even knowing that, they refused to leave our little ones unsealed until they were born.  There was no changing any of their minds either.  Nothing will dissuade them.
I listened in terrified silence as my moms’ and my sister, Willow discussed how their husbands’ would give them enough strength to keep breathing through the agony of labor.  They explained how this happens and why.  But, it was too complicated for me to understand.  The best I could figure is their husbands’ can help them because they are full-blooded Ay’sha females.
Then, Momma-G revealed that Reid can assist Fallon through labor, by shouldering some of her pain through her Ava’shay luminary ring position.  When my family opens a sacred circle to perform a ritual, Fallon and Ember can use their luminary positions to re-direct the power.  But, Fallon can’t redirect anything during the delivery.  And, Ember can’t redirect anything for our sister, in this instance either. 
Even knowing their spouses could help out, I was petrified by the time they finished.  Still, I was miraculously maintaining my overall cool.  Chanting the mantra, “…together, we will all make it through this” and considering how I plan to carry all five babies, simultaneously from birth until I arm-deliver them to college helped me sustain my outward composure.
I thought I had my terror contained.  Then, Ember took her turn.
Ember is part Ava’shay and a luminary like Fallon.  She is also part bloodline gypsy and a full-fledge matriarch.  Feeling like at least one of those things would have her more than covered I was thinking we’re almost home-free.
Then, my free-home got levied, bombed and subsequently, demolished.  I slowly dissolved into a total basket case.
Ember casually mentions that, on occasion, she unintentionally, but seriously injures herself when she channels because her astronomical spiritual power isn’t always controllable.  The tension would have hit, but suddenly my sister squeals that she just felt the baby channel.
It was almost thrilling for me until she laughs about how she’ll have to be extra cautious while she’s giving birth.  If she’s not careful enough, the baby’s epic spiritual power will combine with her epically, epic spiritual powers.  Then, life on this planet will cease to exist.
Everyone laughs, including me.  Low and behold, they aren’t laughing at her joke, but at her take on reality!  The humor was lost on me at that point…
As if she isn’t facing enough danger already, Ember will get yet another massive infusion of extra spiritual power courtesy of our next joining ritual.  That’s how it happens!  Our family sealing rituals exponentially and permanently increase our gifted members’ giftings.  Their powers blend, so they expand while taking from the others!
I don’t know what keeps their spirits from exploding, already!!
Willow resumes the outward, although reserved, worry.  She expresses her concern that her daughter’s body might still be too immature to safely deliver an Ava’shay baby.
Fallon, sounding equally mellow, reports that Ember’s body is indeed very young to be undertaking pregnancy in this realm.  And, she asks if anyone has a suggestion?
Momma-C offers a ray of sunshine when she reveals her Vaydem lineage might make-up for some of the difference.
Grandma gives us another sliver by declaring Ember’s Tarrish heritage could provide her with tenacious strength.  She uses Tray as an example to bolster her assumption – calling my sister ‘spiritually sturdy’.
I was barely clinging to my mental stability because my intellectual mind knows those are mostly educated guesses.  But when Momma-G offered Ember a ‘couple of reminders’, I lost my grip entirely.
Momma-G smiles and breathes deeply while she reveals her friendly-Ava’shay reminders.  Jaysen can’t help Ember in labor…or relieve her of any pain…or withdraw a channel from the baby while she’s in labor like he did in the Hallows with the twins.  Her Ava’shay power, along with Jaysen’s spiritual power, must be utilized by the baby during labor to protect him/her from harm.  So, Ember will use her luminary position to redirect their combined powers into the baby.
Jaysen can’t help her by shouldering any of her agony!  Or take care of their baby!  Labor might take hours!  My Ember mitigates the labor and delivery on her own…life and death hangs in the balance.
Grandma knew when I snapped.  She excused us, dragging me out of the room before any mom knew what was happening.
Forcibly calming me took some major effort on her part.  She had to use a bunch of channels, her matriarch spirit, move the Houses (whatever that means) and finally have a private motherly chat to talk me down.
“I can’t lose any of them…I wouldn’t live through it…that includes the five little ones that I can’t hold, just yet…I’ve gotta keep everybody…” I whimpered, sobbing on her shoulder.
“The Creator does with us what He needs.  We handle things, only as they come and together, as a family.  I know what you’re feeling…I’m wearing those same shoes you slipped on back there.  But, I need you to think about this and respond honestly.  If I had the power to reverse your roles and you were in Ember’s position, would you wait to seal our baby growing inside of you?”
“No!” I exclaimed with certainty.
“Would you give your life in exchange?”
“Yes!”
“You’re sure – no reservations, qualms or hesitations?”
“Absolutely, I would give my life in exchange for any member of my family here or there or in their mommy without giving it a second thought…”
“We plan when we can.  But, we never rush ahead and worry about what ‘might’ happen.  When we try that future living, our thoughts turn dark and they scare us.  We will sacrifice our all if that’s what we’re called to do.  Our sealed love compels us, sustains us and remains constant no matter where our spirits are geographically, physically located.
“Do you ever doubt g-daddy takes care of g-mom?  Or, better yet, do you believe that he’s responsible for sending her those blessings she tries to count?”
“I’ve never doubted him…or her,” I stated.
“You just struck at the heart of my real question.  You’re terrifyingly perceptive…like Zander.  I wish we had time to explore that fascination right now.
“For expedience, I will drive right to the heart of the matter.  That’s an honest “g-daddy” perception.  If you think back though, you did doubt g-mom once.  You questioned, wondered and worried…still, you couldn’t get her to commit to being sealed to us or tell you why she had reservations.
“She exchanged a Hallows vacation for a gambling trip to France – the most perplexing decision of all.  But, her running was necessary.  It provided both of you with time to learn a valuable lesson.
“You learned that even when g-mom isn’t geographically within your reach she is still “with you”.  Your heart goes everywhere you do.  So, she’s always tagging along and she’s there to stay.
“Lizzy unlearned something while she was skirting us.  We have to “unlearn” fiction, in order to face the truth.  Humans, along with 98% of everyone else kicking around breathing, occasionally get stuck-on-stupid.
“Mind you, that’s not an insult.  My own stuck-on-stupid move cost me nearly fourteen years in a Tarrish prison.  I needed the time to learn my lesson.  The Creator uses everything.  And to him we’re children, remember?  Falling and getting hurt shapes us into better kiddies…well, as long as we get up and analyze where we went wrong before we take off running again.
“Those ‘fictions’ are our arrogance…plain and simple.  Anyone vulnerable to occasional bouts of getting stuck-on-stupid tend to cling harder to their arrogance, than the things they know to be truth.
“G-mom thought she had ‘it’ all decoded…to get something good, I have to surrender something of equal value.  More specifically her arrogance in that case was…I had to give up my soulmate, Pritchard to get the love of my life, my Bunny Baby, Krista.  Back then, Lizzy truly thought that sealing to her family meant she would have to surrender her baby in exchange.  Her fiction delayed the inevitable, but it changed nothing.
“If you’ll remember, the truth knocked her to her knees in the Arboretum and horrified you.  She was barely breathing.  But, she used her very limited oxygen supply to demand we seal our daughter.  You know spiritual bonds take drastic physical tolls.  She was in no real shape to perform your sealing that instant.  Debating with her would’ve been pointless.  I still get amazed thinking about how she found the strength to hold you when she had absolutely none to give. 
“Let’s cut to the chase before I captivate myself pondering over the wondrous puzzle that is our g-mom.  We don’t ever ‘lose’ anyone we love, Krista.  They sometimes get relocated and we catch up later.  But, they are never ‘gone’.  Love is indestructible.
“Life is a mysterious book with chapters written and hopefully, ones yet to come.  The divinely inspired tales contained within the pages are authored by a solitary Being that knows everything.  Keep in mind, that Author doesn’t even have the capability of getting stuck-on-stupid…”

Chapter Fifty Five

It was mid-afternoon by the time we got back to Mississippi.  Using anyone in our family to help us tonight is not an option.  G-mom and I will have to divvy up the tasks and pray for assistance.
We decided to move Tucker, Angie and Audrey to the hotel my family stayed at near my campus.  This put us back into the right time-zone and closer to SizZle.
“Doc, let’s start with you.  Give us an update on their medical conditions and any info you have on the Weaving.  Then Krista, you can tell us everything you know about this Sunday twisted shindig.  After that, I’ll give everyone the virtually useless information I got from the perverted Polecat chained to his desk waiting.  So, hit us with it Doc…” g-mom said.
“Angie and Tucker weren’t exposed long enough to have any lasting damage.  But, it turns out a mutated Weaving is contagious through saliva and sweat.  The fever itself doesn’t indicate whether it’s in a communicable state.  I’ve gotta stop assuming things!  Weavings are nothing like diseases or illnesses…” he fussed at himself.
“Don’t beat yourself up, Big Guy.  We’re in earth’s realm and Weavings aren’t from anywhere around these parts.  It’s like you wouldn’t diagnose a Tarrish born native with a common cold…” g-mom offered.
“You’re right, but my misguided assumptions can readily turn into someone else’s tragedy.  You know the type of physician I am, Liz.  I can’t let the location I’m in dictate my treatments or affect my diagnoses.  The common cold could turn up in Terria Tarrish and what might cause chills and sneezes on earth could be a deadly epidemic to those natives.  I have a bigger responsibility…” Doc declared.
“And what was it you were saying again about burning that black book of yours to marry me?” g-mom asked, slyly.
He rolled his eyes and shook his head, refusing to acknowledge the obvious.
“It’s not just your career – it’s your life’s mission.  You’re getting a stay on the issue which is a rare thing with me – better enjoy, quick.  We’re on a detestable time budget and need your Intel ASAP.  Our family members’ have their knots tied into tangles.  So, that means we have to have a fully operational strategy that doesn’t include their help…in a few short hours,” g-mom told him.
“I need to accompany Krista, but we have to find a suitable caregiver for them…” Doc said, motioning to Audrey, Tucker and Angie.
“We’ll figure out “the who’s” in a minute.  We need the “what” now.  Tell us what happened to Angie and Tucker…” g-mom stated.
“According to “Gray Fates” mutated Weavings remain intermittently active for about seven days once a vaccine has been administered.  In layman’s terms, Audrey infected Angie and Tucker with a secondary strain of the Weaving she was exposed to when she kissed them.  Theirs’ didn’t react to the vaccine like the primary Weaving.  So, I need to whip up an inoculation for the secondary type, as well as more for the primary.  How many people are we looking at?” Doc asked.
“Let’s go with two dozen to be on the safe-side.  Question, how do we estimate the number of affected, warped guests?  You know, the sickos that watch and participate in the assaults at the Gray Hook, will they be infected and contagious?” g-mom asked.
“I think we can table that estimate, g-mom.  Lyle and his goon squad were standing in the slimy mist-filled lobby waiting for me.  I was licking the floor, but they were fine.  The same nasty substance was piped into the enclosed room they were holding me in.  It didn’t trip me out that time.  It never affected Lyle or his jerk friends at all.  The only one it consistently affected was Audrey…” I offered.
“This is just educated guesswork on my part, but it seems like the scientist who mutated the Weaving manipulated it to work only on females…” Doc offered.
“Let’s not forget Tucker.  Why did it affect him?” g-mom inquired.
“Tucker was a preemie.   His lungs were underdeveloped at birth.  My examination reveals he struggles with breathing problems.  A traditional Weaving is introduced via the lungs.  The vaccine appeared to do nothing for him.  Tucker didn’t resume normal functioning until he inhaled my treatment.  The Weaving didn’t travel to his brain because it got trapped in his lungs.
“I can perform another Refractilizing airway measurement to prove my theory on him, but I don’t actually need to.  If Tucker’s lungs had been strong and healthy the Weaving would have travelled to his brain, filtered out and been expelled through his exhalation.  He would have been completely unaffected by the exposure.
“Think about it.  I have strong lungs and have been exposed to Audrey for hours.  I’m feeling nothing and have no symptoms.  See, my Refractilizing airway measurement doesn’t even register...” he explained.
He was using some strange rod to get his measurement.  It was pressed against his palm.
“What about g-mom?  And me?  It did work on me, but only when I was out in an open area lobby of the Gray Hook.  I was exposed to Audrey for days.  I carried her and was frequently exposed to her sweat…” I inquired.
He pressed the instrument against my palm and then, g-mom’s before he answered.
“Your RA measurement and Lizzy’s are both nominal.  Two possible explanations are the best I can come up with.  Either your extended realm travelling provided you each with immunity to the Weaving effects or your spiritual sealings make it impossible for a Weaving to permanently attach.  We need to assume the first guess is closer to accurate than the second.  Sealings are emblazoned to your spirit – not your brain…” Doc told us.
“I’m gonna just thank the Maker for whatever kept the Weaving away from my lungs and brain.  I can’t even fathom how things would’ve played out if it had gotten to my mind like it got to them…” g-mom stated and we shivered, collectively.
“Let’s stop mulling that over.  I’m already inclined to lock my two favorite ladies in an extra-large and cushy cell for the next few thousand years for safety purposes…” Doc declared.
“There’s no cell large or cushy enough to interest me as far as living accommodations.  I’ll take my chances catching something…” g-mom stated.
“Well, that ‘something’s’ gotta catch you, first.  Pritchard Stewart was the only thing that ever managed to do that, successfully,” he stated, comically.
“You’ve caught me a time or two…” she revealed.
“That’s a mild stretch into gypsy territory…” he remarked.  “Speaking of people who might have been inadvertently exposed, what ER did you take her to?”
Even though I revealed that Audrey was kept in isolation, Doc still took a quick trip to the hospital to check on the staff.  And, he wanted to retrieve our medical records.  It took him several minutes.
“We were getting ready to send out a search party.  Time’s a ticking…” g-mom informed him and he smiled at her.
“The hospital workers are fine.  And, no one’s reported with any weird psychological problems.  Audrey’s rape kit came back as positive for trauma and unknown fluids.
“I don’t think the doctors knew what to make of any of it.  It took me a minute extra to track down her record.  It was in the hospital administrator’s office in the pending peer review file.  Any case that might leave the hospital liable for damages is put in that review stack.  They had a note attached that indicated ‘lab malfunction’.   Krista’s file was stacked underneath.  I scanned them into my system and then, destroyed the hardcopies.
“Oh the hospital put your cash in the file so the bills can be dusted for fingerprints if necessary.  Here, I didn’t destroy the cash.  I’ve never stolen money before…it felt a tad bit thrilling.
“Don’t give me that look, Liz.  I’m not gonna ask you what you’ve permanently borrowed and how you felt about it in the aftermath.
“And, Naked Wiggly, it was responsible of you to pay the bill.  But, for future reference, if you’re doing anything covert, under an assumed name, you should avoid leaving any evidence behind…” Doc told me.
I agreed with a giggle.  Only thirty minutes elapsed as I detailed what Nell told me about SizZle and Sunday nights.  It felt like hours had gone by.  We wrote down everything possible about the Gray Hook and the girls who are currently being held there.
“Nigel doesn’t manage SizZle or the Gray Hook.  His silent partner exclusively screens potential members and decides who gets access.  This partner has no name or face that the Polecat was willing to share.  But, he did give me the criteria for becoming an initial charter – better than average wealth, fame and/or power.  We can work with a couple of those.  Silly me, thinking all I needed was an introduction and bank account that gets some attention.
“This partner has other requirements before he wastes his time screening candidates.  These are: Nigel has to personally be acquainted with them and vouch that they are the right material.  We were in and then, the kicker…candidates are required to be male.  Females come in as guests only.
“I thought Nigel was a male, but I’m questioning that assumption.  Gypsy talk and finesse, and even an outright demand to see his real male prowess by escorting me into SizZle got me squat.  The silent partner must be the male and I’m still guessing about what Gray might be.  The Polecat is too frightened to cross him.  He wouldn’t tell me his partner’s name and flatly, refused to let me even sneak-a-peek inside.
“Talk about misplaced terror.  Just wait ‘til we have those girl babies safely rescued.  Never mind, no time for indulgence.
“I got your text and knew our fellows were not an option.  But, the way I figured it, I didn’t really need an actual man for the job.  All I required was to get the silent partner to show up and think that I’ll have a perfect candidate for their twisted club.  Bada-bing, Mr. Twisted Partner rushes over to meet billionaire candidate.  Then, he can just personally escort me.  That would kill three birds, anyway.  He gets me in hassle-free.  And, I get an owner’s hide to hang up, along with a name to carve on the headstone for my personal satisfaction.
“So, I tossed out Bradwell’s name.  It felt safe enough.  Your traveler grandfather considers Nigel a first-rate sucker – gypsy-defined as an unworthy mark and of no interest.  Even if the Polecat or his partner tried to verify my story, they’d never make it through the Reigns’ intricate web to talk to him.
“Nigel said he isn’t the right material with a look of horror.  He’s scared of Bradwell and our whole family.  But, that wasn’t the real issue.  Seems the dim-bulb Polecat got the idea that Poppy Bradwell is a proud traveler of “modest means”.  He personally told Nigel that the Rhineharts’ are the questionable family, trying to entice his daughter away from home by flashing their millions and status.  And, the Polecat believes him!
“Bradwell drives up in a luxury car, wearing a tailored suit, a black diamond pinky ring and shoes that cost more than a used car.  Pricilla is wearing a Cartier necklace that matches her five-karat diamond ring and ten-karat tennis bracelet.  Scarlett is wearing jewelry worth three times that and Dim Bulb believes they’re a pack of blue-collar workers.
“I might also add that the Polecat knows your Daddy-Jax and Grandfather Ashworth are the actual blue-bloods in our family.  He learned that from being on-site and hearing their titles used, repeatedly.
“R-daddy didn’t talk about his wealth, but he didn’t need to.  He whipped out cash for the rental for one thing.  And, he sounded shrewdly intimidating when he “declined” to provide any legal identification.  After seeing your text, I decided not to involve Daddy-Jax and R-daddy in my game. 
“I’ve dropped the wrong name before, so I recovered like always.  I said, “That’s too bad, Big Man.  I’ll have him deliver your personal regrets to Taft Rhinehart and King Ashworth Elingston.”  That got the sniveling Polecat’s attention.  I had him on his knees begging me to hang up and not call Bradwell.  It seems I out-conned myself, though…geez, I hate hollow victories.
“The time was set and I had my things in hand to leave.  I was walking out the door when Nigel said, “I’ll have the best champagne on ice when ya’ll get to BlitZed tonight, beautiful Filly.”  I’m gonna give him a “beautiful Filly of something…” no matter what.  But he’ll get it sooner, if he keeps throwing obstacles at me.
“Long story, short candidates have to talk shop with Nigel a few times at his stupid BlitZed office party before they are worthy of a screening.
“Also, according to a source inside, the Gray Hook has been re-established and fortified with impenetrable security measures.  Seems they had a breech.  Someone circumvented the security system, disarmed a something or other, destroyed the panel that operates everything and permanently disabled the cameras…that kid didn’t use the word “fry”…what did he say?  Ah yes, he said “…nuclearation” but I knew what he meant.
“Gray ordered the Hook security guards to meet at BlitZed.  My inside kid claims Sebastian was called in to “ice” them.  The strong hint was he slaughtered those negligent guards.  Apparently, Mr. Race works exclusively for Gray, but the silent partner ordered him to personally handpick the new armed staff.  If Sebastian was indeed the one hiring the new personnel, they will be top-notch.
“According to my source, these new guys are posted outside, on all sides 24/7.  Four different compliance officers must scan the users’ keycard in succession once a key holder steps inside.
“The kid giving me the information says, the pay and benefits package is enough that he could retire in a year.  The thoughts of retirement at age 23 evidently outweighed the contractual stipulation that he willingly accept the death penalty if the system even has a hiccup while he’s working.  Naïve child still tried to sign on for the job.  Sebastian ripped up his app without looking at it and snorted.
“Poor kid took off running.  I told the young fellow he should start looking for another job, pronto.  Even gave him my number and told him to list me as a reference. 
“That’s when he volunteered that he had some information that could get him ‘iced’.  I had to drive him to a mall, drop him off, wait a minute and then, sit in the food court.  He sat at the table behind me and whispered the information while drinking a milkshake.  It was cute.  I figure he needed a ride to see his girl who works at the ice cream shop.  But, he wanted to play spy, too and I’m all for playing games.
“The silent partner films Nigel’s party guests with a secret camera.  I already knew about the cam.  What I didn’t know is he never screens potential candidate’s videos until he has twelve hours of footage.
“He’s a diabolical and paranoid pervert…I’ve gotta give it to him.  I was getting that Intel.  That’s why it took me so long to get home to the meeting…” she informed us.
“Guess that means you’re cancelling with Gray tonight, correct?” Doc inquired and I started laughing, hysterically.
“If you wanna get fluent…you better start…by making a list…of words…g-mom never uses.  “Cancel” is in…the top three…” I stammered between the hysterics.
“Number one and two, “can’t” and “impossible” are interchangeable.  But, even with that list you’ll still never live long enough to learn my language…” she declared with a wink.
“You’ve written the check…now you’ve got your work cut out cashing it.  And, I have an idea about how I can get a guest pass for me and one for Doc to SizZle, tonight.  I was just hoping I might not have to access it.  Warning, you’re not going to like how I have to go about getting it…” I revealed.

Chapter Fifty Six

Without a doubt, g-mom will somehow persuade all three gypsy Doms to show up at BlitZed and go along with whatever she concocts.  Two royals and one traveler working together is an unheard of mix.  But there is also tension between Taft and Poppy Bradwell.  Still, g-mom will pull this off.
Having her a few buildings away, with three powerful gypsy Doms made me feel safe and comfortable.  The only drawback is if things go south we will have a bloodbath on our hands.
G-mom mumbled ‘good riddance for the world…’ when I mentioned that very possible outcome.  I’m starting to think Tenacity Stewart is a hereditary trait.  I wonder if I inherited my alter ego from g-mom or g-daddy or both.
Doc and I would get inside SizZle.  Then, I would head to the ladies room, call Command and have them trans-verse Poppy Bradwell to me.
Like R-daddy, Doc took an oath to do no harm.  And, he will be tied up giving injections and medical treatment to the girls, anyway.  We figure he will have to escort the dosed girls outside, one at a time.  So, I need a visible protector to stay inside with me.
This protector needs to have flexible ethics; no regrets annihilating a man, and be skilled at conning.  I need someone to help me finesse my way through Hades on earth because g-mom can’t do it.  This job is too big for me to handle alone.
Doc and I are walking in blind as it is.  That’s plenty risky.  But, it’s all we can do if we want to get the girls out, tonight.  That’s going to happen – period.
Poppy Bradwell is a wily master of deception.  He can run a con without putting in much effort.  He’ll size things up and do what has to be done to accomplish our goal.  More importantly though, he can and will protect me with deadly force by any means required.  He will not let me out of his sight and I need that secure assurance where I’m going.
The debate with g-mom was still extensive.  While we had a word of prayer, she helped me get ready.  In the end, she finally had to capitulate.  It’s either we go for it or the girls get another two weeks in Pervert’s Paradise.
The rest of this week is shot with parties and the wedding.  Breaking into the Gray Hook is off the table, entirely.  We can’t come back next Sunday either.  It’s our annual Sister’s Night Out and g-mom and I are not about to miss it.  Fallon won’t be there.  But, there will still be four little heartbeats to listen to and squeal over.  I had to stop myself from performing another happy dance on their porch.
Even with the time difference, it was already 5:09 when I barged through the door.  We’re pushing for minutes, so we have no margin for error.
The guys looked at me, perplexed until they realized who was standing in their foyer.  They still aren’t used to me being dressed like a gypsy.  And, they didn’t recognize me with my dark black curls or my tinted contact lenses – making my eyes look like onyx.
“Whoa Krista, I thought you were Paris for a minute…” A.J. stated.
“Stick’s car is parked out back.  Is he in his bedroom?” I asked with a catty smile.
“He’s downstairs…” A.J. revealed, appreciating my tight outfit.
“I’ll go get…” Jeb attempted to offer, but I shoved him back down into his chair.
“You’ll do no such thing.  That would ruin the surprise…” I said in a breathy whisper.
“Ah yeah…I get it…tell Lyle I’ll shove the crap off his bed like he did for me…” Jeb said.
“No need.  Leave the crap where it is.  We’ll just take care of everything, downstairs…” I told them.
“But, he’s not alone…been marathon gaming while he heals up…” A.J. stated.
“Guess we’ll have a few spectators, then…huh, gents?” I remarked to the two shocked frat brothers.
They turned over furniture to follow me.
I only had twelve steps to walk down but the news rocketed through the frat.  The brothers were pushing and shoving each other behind me.
Lyle and three of his friends were playing Halo – that’s ironic!  Their backs are to the door.  So, it was a shock when I ended their campaign by pulling the plug.
“What the….” was all Lyle spoke before he turned white as a ghost.
The brothers who were gaming with him were loudly complaining.  My fan following had jammed themselves inside the small room.  They were practically drooling.
“Shut up!” Lyle commanded them and they complied.
“Hi Slim Sticky, whadaya say you and I handle some business??” I asked – in a voice dripping in sarcastic distain.
“Krista, what are…you’re Paris…here, you…I mean…what…” he stammered, not knowing what to do or say.
“I brought my own company this time.  Wasn’t that nice of me??” I questioned as I towered over him.
“Get out of here!” he yelled.
“I know you’re not ordering me to leave.  That wouldn’t be wise or healthy.  Ooops, you’re telling them to beat it.  Sorry brothers, but Lyle just cancelled the live performance.  Maybe, he’ll let you screen the replay…” I remarked without ever taking my eyes off of my ex.
The frat brothers grumbled and high-fived Lyle, but they reluctantly scattered.
“That expression of terrorized shock is sorta fetching on you.  And, I know I look like Paris.  I did it on purpose.  I’m a gypsy.  Or did you forget that hangin’ out where your brain can get exposed to a nasty Weaving.
“You’re gonna get me into Select Sunday at SizZle.  I’ll need a guest pass for me and my guardian…” I told him.
“I um…none for…you want what?” Lyle fumbled through his words.
“I’m starting to think the Weaving might’ve affected you, even though you’re clearly a male…well, the last time you tried to rape me you were.
“Did the ER doc slip up and slice off any non-vital organ?  Oh wait maybe you lost your manhood in the “horrific car accident” you were in with your ball player buds??  No, that couldn’t have happen because you weren’t in an accident!  You met with the business end of my knee though…so, that might’ve done the trick…” I remarked.
“I’m sorry!” he exclaimed.
“Save it for my daddies or my big brothers.  I’m only accepting things from you through male-proxy from now on.  We don’t have a lot of time to waste.  You’ve gotta get showered and dressed.  You can’t escort me to SizZle in that pathetic, smelly get up.  I’m a runway model right?” I asked him.
“Paris doesn’t do runways – only magazine spreads.  She has an exclusive contract with one of the big makeup companies…” Lyle offered, stupidly.
“I don’t care if she models naked, riding bareback on a house full of frat brothers!  I can’t be listed at SizZle because Nigel is a Twisted Dim Bulb Polecat.  We have to walk in with a charter and you’re it pal.  So, I’ll be makeup model Paris or anyone I have to be tonight.  You’re gonna get me inside that club.  And, you’re not gonna arouse anyone’s suspicions while you do it.
“My male chaperone will need a guest pass too.  Once we’re inside, you’ll be my whipping boy.  Oh, the whipping boy thing was g-mom’s idea.  That was the only way I got her to go along with this scheme.
“While we’re at it, I want you to get your snot-covered player friends that I had the misfortune of meeting to BlitZed, tonight.  I know one of them didn’t make it, but the others have an unscheduled meeting with business-side of my gypsy family…” I told Lyle.
“They’re not in any shape to party…”
“That’s not my problem!  I wasn’t in any shape to party with you or them either, but that didn’t matter squat-o-la – now did it??  I don’t care if you have to promise them a replay session at the Hook or drag their sorry butts to that club, tonight but they had better be there…one and all.  You and I will join them once I take care of the girls being prostituted and murdered at SizZle!” I yelled.
“No one murders them…they’re willing and they don’t even feel anything…”
“Do NOT say that stupidity to me or you’ll meet that same fate without benefit of a foggy Weaving.  They might not feel the pain, but they know what you’re doing and fully realize that they’re being assaulted.  You don’t deserve the luxurious air you’re breathing…and frankly, when my brothers find out what you orchestrated I won’t guarantee…”
“Hold on, Krista!  I didn’t orchestrate anything.  You came to me, remember?  Getting into Gray’s Place isn’t the easiest thing to do.  I might’ve assumed you came out there to be with me…” he offered, indignantly.
“Yeah, I’m sure every girl dreams of getting what you were offering at the Hook.  That high and mighty horse you’re trying to saddle and ride isn’t the safest route to survive this.  My dads’ and brothers’ are tied up tonight.  So, you weren’t going to be forced to excuse your repulsive behavior or apologize through proxy.  I can change that and invite them if you’d rather…”
“NO!!!”
“Alrighty then…SizZle with me and my companion tonight.  And, get your surviving Hook bros to hit BlitZed.  The new band is trying out tonight because Dark Matter got axed.  The drummer wouldn’t lend me a microphone.  Nigel let his head man ice him, according to the rumor mill.  The band hasn’t been seen or heard from, since…oh well, that happens.
“Get your buds to accompany you to a free show.  Sweeten the deal with free booze on you.  There…see…easy-peezy without any eeeeekkkkkk-arm twisting…”
“I…well, ummm…I don’t think…here’s the thing…that’s not my…” Lyle stammered for another minute before I got sick of listening.
“Time crunch…spit it out…” I ordered.
“My dad’s the Charter at SizZle and holder of the Hook key.  I can’t get anyone in anywhere without him.  That’s how it is…” he said, apprehensively.
“You mean to tell me your dad escorted you and your buds to the Gray Hook on Thursday?  Did he take your mom and sister, too??” I asked, shocked.
“God, no!”
“Do not bring the Creator, by any name or any form, into our discussion!” I exclaimed.
“Sorry…my dad takes his friends to SizZle – all the Hook girls are there on Sunday’s.  He doesn’t usually take anyone to Gray’s Place.  He only invited me and my friends because I won the game against LVU.
“He was at the Hook, but not with us.  I guess he didn’t wanna watch me making the moves…” he stated before he remembered that it’s not a frat brother he was trying to impress.
The dangerous look I provided was more than enough incentive for him to change his tune.
“Dad has one room he likes.  So, he didn’t see you or anything that happened…”
“That’s quite a gift for a twisted dad to give his warped son.  Bet you and your perved out buds were so excited, getting to go off without parental supervision to violate innocent women…” I stated, sarcastically.
Lyle didn’t know how to respond, so he switched the subject.
“My dad’s already home…I can’t make him come back.  He’s never taken me to SizZle on Sundays, anyway.  That’s where he takes his constituents to get their campaign money…” he revealed.
“Listen closely, getting us in and getting the requested people to where I want them is your problem.  I’ll be happy to give Big Daddy H. a flight back to party with us.  We can charter him a private jet.  You can tell him my guest is a billionaire on the lookout to get a pocketed-senator into the White House…”
“Paris doesn’t have any billionaire family.  You don’t either for that matter…”
“You cannot, under any circumstances, let anyone know you’re trying to get me or my chaperone into SizZle.  I’ll be whoever you want me to be.  But, my name and my family had better not come up to your sicko dad.  It will get back to Gray and he will stop us all at the door.  If I don’t get inside that building to rescue those girls, then I swear, by all that’s in me, you will meet my brothers tonight.  I’m not playing around with you.
“Nigel Gray is terrified of crossing my family and I’ll enlighten you as to why.  I have two sets of grandparents.  One, you and your dad have already met at the party during spirit week.  You’ll see him again tonight, by the way.  The other set are royalty…as in a king and queen.  Nigel Gray knows this and I assume he believes they have the money to go with their titles.  My family rented every club he owns, except SizZle, on the DC Strip for a private party, Einstein Dip-Stick.  Did you really believe I was from a broken-down shanty in the ghetto??”
“I didn’t know any of that!  I don’t know where you’re from.  You never said anything about your family to me, remember??”
“Well, you never asked and I have no idea why you’re so resentful.  The only topic we ever discussed was you.  Even if I brought up the subject of my family you wouldn’t have listened.  Nothing I ever said got through that dense head of yours.  You actually thought I wandered into that nightmare looking for a booty call or…
“Wait, I need to stop talking about that because I’m scared of what I might do to you…
“Where was I…oh yeah, my large family.  I have three ginormous big brothers – Tray, Jaysen and Reid.  You met them on the field.  They taught me how to defend myself before I headed off to college.  By the looks of you, they did a great job of educating me.  It’s sad, but I never thought I’d need to use their training.  Guess that ship’s sailed, huh?
“The rest of my immediate family members don’t matter to you because you’ll never get a chance to meet them.  I’m only giving you this one shot to redeem your worthless, no-good backside because you’re my SizZle connection.  If you can’t perform your function, Whipping Boy, then you’ll be meeting my brothers empty-handed.  If I were you, I’d want to redeem myself.  Oh yeah, what Malfo did to your guard-buddy will pale in comparison to what they will do to you…that was too swift for their taste.
“So you see, you do have a choice, Slim Sticky…just like I told ya’ on Thursday.  What’ll it be??”
“I’ll try…”
“You’ll either do this for me or you’ll be declining to my brothers…”
“I’ll make it happen.  But, I can’t get you in until about 9-9:30.  It’s almost 5:30.  My dad just got home, yesterday.  It’ll take him two hours to fly back.  I swear I can’t get you in without his personal card and signature…”
“Write down the airport.  I’ll go ahead and charter a private jet.  A stretch limo will be waiting on the runway.  He needs to get buzzed and get to the club before we do, anyway.  I assume there’s paperwork for bringing guests.  Tell Pops that the plane ride and the lux-ride are being provided as a courtesy of Paris’ friend, Doc.
“Sell Doc as Paris’ friend who’s a billionaire trust fund brat.  He likes to party with the best freaks and is interested in collecting a senator to go with the other politicians he’s got on the payroll.
“Oh and let’s avoid aggravation, shall we?  Tell your dad if you and Paris can’t party at SizZle with Doc, then he can stay home.  Bet that’ll light a fire or two.  He won’t be able to get here fast enough.
“Nigel Gray had better not discover that he’s got a gypsy problem at SizZle or I’ll know where he got the news from.  I’ll guarantee he’d do more than strip your dad of his Hook key and his charter club membership if word got out that Senator Pervo scooted the problem by security…” I stated, sinisterly.
“Don’t worry…he won’t find out.  Want me to come pick you up?” he questioned as I walked toward the closed basement door.
“Now, that’s comical…I’ll let you know what I need and you’ll get it, W.B.  Did I ask you for a ride??”
“No…”
“Let’s not waste precious minutes…from now on, I’ll do your thinking for you when we’re together.  We’ll meet in the east parking lot at 9:30 sharp.  I’ll supply the billionaire and you’ll keep your stupid mouth shut unless I tell you to say something.
“You wanted me, Slim Sticky and now, you’ve got me.  Unfortunately, it appears you grabbed a sleeping tiger by the tail.  That’s the bad part about answered prayers.  Sometimes we get the answer we demanded, only to discover that’s not the one we needed…” I said.
I opened the door and his frat brothers fell into the basement.
“Hi boys!  We didn’t know we had an audience.  Lyle’s sponsoring a friends and Greek family night at BlitZed, isn’t that exciting?  He’s listed and paid the cover for, what is it Stick Honey, about 200 people, right??”
“Yeah…sure…whatever…”
“That’s my W. Boy…he’s feelin’ overly generous.  I sorta think he wants to please me…ya’ know, reciprocate for what I just gave him…”
The frat brothers whistled and made obscene comments.  Lyle was stuck in his ghost-like state, terrified to join in or move a muscle.
“I’m inviting everyone I know to BlitZed for the show, tonight.  Three male members of my family will be on hand to watch the new house band perform…” I announced before Jeb interrupted me.
“Yeah, Dark Matter got canned…” he stated, ironically helping me out.
“Don’t you mean ‘iced’??” I questioned as I walked by him.
“Huh?” Jeb mumbled.
“Get it, Wad Head??  Iced…by Ice Man the Undertaker??” A.J. stated, assisting me too.
Poor Jeb still didn’t understand.
“How’d you get into college with that single digit I.Q., Bro?” someone else asked, sarcastically.
“Shut up!” Jeb exclaimed.
“Jeb, don’t worry.  Stick’s friend Smitt is an expert when it comes to college admissions policies.  You should look for him tonight.  He’ll give you some backup.  But, I wouldn’t hang around with his nasty bunch for too long.  From what I hear, the party they’ll be having after the show will be an all boys’ event…no girls allowed.
“Hope my Greek brothers can join us in a family gathering.  It’s sure to be…a real killer,” I offered.
Then, I casually strolled out of the frat house basement, called Command and vanished.

Chapter Fifty Seven

Although I planned to grill Lyle for the details, he didn’t have anything useful to offer.  That was his first time visiting the Gray Hook and his dad has never taken him to SizZle.  So, I got back to the hotel earlier than expected.
“Where’s g-mom?” I asked Doc.
“She’s at the last stop…rounding up her final gypsy.  She should return in about fifteen minutes…” he stated.
Angie was almost back to her normal self, at least mentally.  Unfortunately, the residual effect of the secondary strain left her too weak to support her own weight.  She talked to me for a minute and fell back asleep.
“I’m not sure whether her weakness will be a permanent condition…only time will tell,” he informed me.
In our rush, we forgot about getting a caregiver.  So, I called Jarron.
“You want me to watch Audrey, her aunty and her little boy?  In a hotel room?  Just me, by myself…I don’t know,” he replied, nervously.
“You can bring Karin.  Here’s the only thing…she’ll have to agree to take a vaccine and…”
“Now, that’s what I call a fun date…hey Babe, meet me in a fancy hotel room for a tetanus shot!”
“I know, I know.  But on the bright side, she’ll be getting paid what you’re getting paid.  She’ll also need to sign the same confidentiality agreement as you.  You’ll both probably see a few…um, unexplainable things before your work night is over.
“We’ll be bringing in other girls.  They’ll all be sleeping.  I’ll need Karin to check in on them.  You’re her muscle…there’s a slight chance you’ll have to carry them, someplace.  They have a virus and we’ve hired a physician for them.  But, he’ll be with me until we get all the girls back safely.  He’ll take over at that point.
“Then, I’m hoping you’ll both join me and Stick at BlitZed.  Just give the front door goon his name and they’ll let you two in, as his guests’…”
“Please don’t tell me you’re back together with that Tool!”
“No…he’s just repaying a favor.  I’ve actually invited Wally Baxter from LVU.  He’s my pseudo-date for the evening.  Well, he will be if he shows up.  He sounded a little nervous…”
“I don’t blame the guy. You pranked him on national television and now, you want him to meet you and your ex for a date in enemy territory??  What size coconuts does that jock have, anyway??”
“He’s meeting g-mom and technically, he’s her guest.  Wally will be backstage with her until I get there.  But, if I were guessing, I’d say they are fairly large, considering he approached me with my ginormous brothers standing ten feet from where we were talking.  You were there, brother number four, you remember…” I stated and snickered.
“I’m honored you consider me your brother.  And, I’ve gotta hand it to the guy…he didn’t even flinch when he made that ‘…show me yours, I’ll show you mine’ remark.  Let’s go with bowling ball size coconuts, but a brain the size of a pea…” Jarron offered and laughed.
“Wally’s a good guy with a thing for smart, sophisticated brunettes.  Oh and no wise cracks when you see my hair.  It’s back to its natural shade.  I didn’t color it back for him, though.  Actually, I’m planning on introducing him to my sorority sister, Becca Schiff…”
“Lemme guess…you’ve had your fill of bullheaded jocks?”
“Yes, there is that…but, Wally’s not your average bullheaded, bowling ball sporting, pea minded jock – he’s a unique player.
“You were standing close enough to hear the “yours/mine” comment, so I’m sure you heard the real reason he gave me his number.  A good guy deserves a good woman…”
“You’re just as unique as he is and you’re a good woman.  You shouldn’t let the rivalry school thing keep you apart…you’re courageous,” he offered, sarcastically.
“You’d be wise to remember how courageous I am!  Seriously, I’m brave and extra-busy.  You have any idea how long it takes me to get dressed??”
“Sadly enough, I have more than a vague idea.  It’s no wonder you gypsies have to schedule parties to meet singles.  But, where do gypsy girls ever find the time to get married and have those dozens of rug-rats?  They even dress their toddlers like they’re going to a beauty pageant.
“I couldn’t get near that designer, but Karin and I sure enough listened and watched in amazement.  Your Momma-C told me that those tailored digs are part of an everyday gypsy wardrobe – from birth on.  Those kiddies don’t wear the same outfit, twice.  And here I thought my closet, filled with 60 pairs of sneakers, was something special to behold…”
“That peek behind the curtain has taken you to more places than you ever dream possible...”
“I’m well into exploration territory by this point in the game.  We left peeking back at the LVU mall and your afternoon of gypsy girl styling…”
“I’ll have you know that doesn’t even come close to my standard gypsy styling…”
“I know…takes what…like, double or triple those hours to get ready to walk outside to put the garbage cans on the curb?” he inquired, humorously.
“Closer to triple…so see, I don’t have time for relationships…or even eating, typically.”
“So that’s why you’re so skinny – not eating, coupled with hefting around those jeweled digs in sky-high stilts??  You could make a fortune marketing the gypsy diet…”
“Ha-ha…this world isn’t equipped for so much bling…”

Chapter Fifty Eight

No matter how much my parents are paying Jarron for his services, it isn’t enough.  He deserves a big-fat raise.  I’m sure this is the weirdest request he has ever heard.  And, my asking him to bring his girlfriend along is like having pizza sauce icing on a mud/rock cake.  The word strange doesn’t quite cover the half of it.
My spotter and his gorgeous girlfriend were so gracious.  They hugged g-mom and introduced themselves to Doc.  Then, Karin rolled up her sleeve with a smile.  The shots Doc gives don’t sting because he doesn’t use a needle.
Karin is pre-med.  She was checking out the equipment as clandestinely as she could.  I’m sure she is dying of curiosity about how he injects something without actually puncturing the skin.  She thanked him without even inquiring about the contents of the now-empty vial.
I noticed my spotter’s girlfriend is wearing a beautiful diamond ring.  But, Jarron hasn’t said anything about marrying her and I’m not about to jump into hot water again.
We were out of time.  The DC Strip will be bumper-to-bumper.  So, our only option is to trans-verse.
I warned Jarron and Karin that Doc and the girls will be arriving in the bedroom.  They nodded and said okay.  It felt odd revealing so much to them.  But, g-mom reminded me that we can always have Tray remove the memory of tonight if it gets to be too bizarre for them to mentally handle.
Deciding it would be better to let them get their feet wet, we trans-versed in front of them.  I popped back long enough to make sure they weren’t freaked out or headed for the exit in fear.  Karin stood up and gave me a hug.
“You’ve got bigger steaks on the grill.  Go, we’ll be fine…” she said softly and I went back to the parking lot near SizZle.
“T-minus forty minutes and counting, before I meet my band of gypsies at BlitZed and you meet your Whipping Boy,” g-mom told me, setting the timer on her watch.
“I can’t wait for you to share how you got three mules to agree.  I’ll keep my eyes peeled for both of us.  So, spill those details…” I stated before Doc interrupted me.
“We’ve got a problem…I think.  I’ll be back…” Doc stated and vanished.
I blinked three times and he was back with us.
“See what the guard is using at the entrance?” he asked.
“That handheld gizmo that looks like a glitter wand?” g-mom replied with a question of her own.
“That little gizmo is called a Fluroprial Resprinial.  In English, it must be called a Flurenesscal Scanner.  It doesn’t scan for stamps on hands.  It sweeps a head-to-toe scan looking for spiritual giftings.  The sign above that ugly joker’s head…the one that looks like squiggles popping out of a tee-pee…reads, “Humans Only”.  There is no other warning posted, but it’s unnecessary.  The mind-splitting headache I received for my one second trespass was plenty.
“No one with spiritual giftings can step inside without getting electrocuted.  I don’t know what it is.  But, I doubt we can bypass it.  No one who’s gifted can even walk by it without an immediate need for emergency medical assistance.  I had to heal myself in route…which, by the way is not as simple as it sounds.  If I had waited, my corpse would have materialized.
“So my dearest, is this, the proper place and time to wave the white flag?” he asked g-mom, apprehensively.
“That’s in the ‘cancel/can’t’ family, my Sweets…” she responded, her mind searching for a solution.
“G-mom…” is all I got out before she snapped her fingers.
She vanished without a word, leaving us hanging.
“How often does this happen?” he inquired.
“I’ve lost count…” I told him.
“It’s hard to tell from this distance.  But, those chaps running security appear to be nomads from the Barling Straights.  They are vicious and I can’t imagine that they are ungifted.  Travel from their realm requires a special skill.  They can’t leave home without channeling abilities – even with help.  They would be torn to shreds.
“Hmmm…I could be mistaken.  But, with that distinct bony structure I’m fairly sure.  Maybe their employment gives them immunity?  Or, they set the system to give Barlings an exception?” Doc asked, thinking aloud.
“The girls wear bracelets.  So security might be wearing a similar item that protects them from getting wasted.  I can’t really see the Polecat giving them an exception.  He’d be leaving himself susceptible to getting viciously assaulted by an irate Barling employee…very unlike a sniveling polecat…” I remarked, comically.
“Liz vowed she would not take off without…” is all he had time to say before g-mom walked back to us holding Wally Baxter’s hand.
“Well hello again my Wopping QB!” I declared and gave him a hug.  “G-mom, can I have a word?”
“Sure, we’ll ‘word it’ after you make the introductions.”
I complied and then, we stepped out of earshot.
“I’m supposed to be going in with my Whipping Boy.  They don’t get along.  And, if Stick says one derogatory word to him then, the jig is up because tigers trump bunnies.  Plus, Wally’s dressed way downtown for a billionaire trust fund brat.  Are we gonna pass him off as eccentric, hiding to avoid the paparazzi or as a penny-pinching miser?” I asked, rapidly.
“T-minus twenty three, Tiger Bunny…
“I’ll have a prayer with your Whipping Boy.  It’ll take two minutes and privacy…no worries.
“Your QB will look the part…plenty of raw material with that one…it’ll only take seven-ish minutes.
“Here’s the salt, Sweets…I have to trans-verse with him to meet the deadline.  Just trying to decide…yours or mine??” g-mom inquired, biting her lower lip in concern.
 “Mine…” I chose for her.
I didn’t give her time to protest.  Rushing over, I took Wally by the hand and forced him to hide behind a car with me.
“This is some date you’ve planned for us…” Wally whispered, laughing softly.
“Actually, this wasn’t on the agenda and, don’t get angry but your date isn’t here yet.  She’ll be at BlitZed.  Oh, and she doesn’t know you’re dating her.  So, you’re on equal footing.  That’s a subject for later.  What did my g-mom tell you?  Sorry, just can’t waste time, repeating.
“I’ll answer on two, fast conditions.  I wanna know your “Baxter source” because I wanna thank them, personally.  And two, you promise to explain all of this, including the literal interpretation of what she told me, before I head back to campus…”
“Deal…”
“You need a strapping, handsome and intimidating 007 monkey-suited escort because your whipping boy is a ‘dead-breathing wimp’ who better not touch a baby bunny.  His depraved donor helped twist the wimp into scum, but we all make choices.  This whipping boy wimp made his and chose wrong.
“You and I are pretend-partying at Perv’s Paradise with the depraved donor and twisted, wimpy whipping boy because membership is exclusive to male bottom-feeders.  All degenerate bottom-feeders flock together.  But, there is no number that will keep them safe from her word of prayer.
“That’s about it.  Oh, she used the term ‘dead-breathing’ to describe everyone we’ll encounter.  No wait, the precious baby girls are not dead-breathing.  They’re lost in their minds and need liberation.
“I’m guessing but here’s my take.  She wants to dress me in a tux so I can act like a black-ops spy for our game of pretend at Perv’s Paradise.  I’m 007 and your code name is Bunny Baby.  We’re searching for breathing, crazy little girls.  The bottom-feeders are deviant zombies.  I’m supposed to keep them from feasting on your flesh or that of the crazy precious girls we encounter.  How close was I on interpretation?” he asked, comically.
“Wow, closer than you think.  I have to nutshell this and then, I need you to trust us.  I am g-mom’s Bunny Baby.  Please, call me that repeatedly and feel free to add hot or sexy.  You can kiss me too.
“We’re acting though…I don’t want to hurt Becca’s feelings.  Wait, nix that…time’s ticking.
“Stick the Tool is our whipping boy in this drama.  Please call him that!  And, before I go on, promise me you won’t go hero-loco.  You can pound on him later if desired, after we do what we have to do.  I’ll even put a bow on his head and deliver him…”
“But, I am hero-loco…”
“Ha-ha, promise…”
“I’ll curb my macho…but, the bow has to be pink and I want him dressed in nothing but a diaper…”
“He and some of his non-campus, unknown buddies cornered, and then tried to gang rape me.  Dial it down…they ended up hospitalized without as much as a peep show.  My brothers taught me how to fight.  I didn’t call the cops because my gypsy family can’t handle them if they’re being protected by badge-toting gunslingers and cinderblock walls with bars on one side.
“Lyle’s dad is a senator.  He’s also a lecherous degenerate who took his son to a place where they assault drugged up girls for entertainment.  That was a gift to his kid for finally beating your team.  Those innocent girls are inside SizZle tonight a.k.a. Perv’s Paradise.  They’re being auctioned.  Lyle’s dad is the only one who can get us inside.
“I’m getting them out with your help.  How, I don’t know but, we’ll figure it out as we go.  I need a bodyguard.  You are the only man allowed to touch me in there.  I’ll be on his arm or the senator’s arm when we walk in.  But after, if Lyle even brushes my skin, I’ll welcome Wally Macho to the party.
“I need to let g-mom fill you in on what part you’re playing in our drama.  She’ll have seven-ish minutes.  Do your best to interpret.  When you get back, follow my lead.  Now, here’s the weird trust part…”
“That wasn’t the weird part???”
“No…here goes.  I need you to close your eyes, hold g-mom’s hand and don’t ask her any questions.  I know I’m asking for blind trust and to use you, but…”
“Stop…use me, I still owe you…um, for my career.  One kiss for my trust and one to save those questions ‘til the curtain closes…”
“Deal!  Thank you for this and everything…” I told him before I made the payment.

Chapter Fifty Nine

Wally came back looking like my Poppy Bradwell…all the way to his mirrored sunglasses.
“Can he see with those on?” I whispered because it’s nighttime.
“They belong to your Poppy.  They’re not sunshades…” she offered.
“Never mind, silly question.  He can probably see my exoskeleton while he’s got them on,” I remarked, snickering.
Lyle had shown up, punctually.  He gave Wally a nasty look, but didn’t say anything to any of us.
G-mom yanked Lyle behind her as they left to have a two minute prayer.  It looked like David manhandling Goliath.  They came back one minute later.  Stick kept his eyes to the ground.
“Sit…move…stay…smile…say X…do X…” g-mom revealed.
“What?” I inquired, experiencing the first night’s round of interpretation failure.
“Your Whipping Boy’s commands…short list…figured he’d do better with less.  I just followed the example of that microscopic mid-section of his,” g-mom declared and Wally burst out in hysterics.
Lyle flinched, but did or said nothing.  He was going to do anything we commanded.
“The plan?” g-mom questioned me.
“Walk in on Whipping Boy or his daddy’s arm and keep my back to the wall.  Wally tells senator to purchase every girl for a party and funds the event.  The financial sky is the limit.  We all walk out of Perv’s Paradise with our fancy girl collection in tow.  The rest of you will take things over from there,” I stated the simple version.
“The senator is wasted.  He won’t recognize you.  He might not even recognize his own kid.  The Polecat’s chained, posted and waiting.  Your grandfather, Poppy and Taft will be meeting Doc and I inside the limo we hired for the senator to finalize our plans.  Twisted papa won’t need it, anymore…right, IL M. TB?…” g-mom inquired and Lyle affirmed with a nod.
I narrowed my gaze, perplexed.
“I Love My Tiny Brain…even though it’s puny your W.B. is rather attached to it.  Had to give him incentive to think about something that applies to a thing he values…repetition boosts memory functioning…right, IL M. TB?” she revealed and he nodded again.
Wally was breathless from laughter.  He snapped selfies on his cell with Stick’s nose shoved underneath his armpit.
I needed to get inside before my grandfathers’ get here.  G-mom told me there’s an excellent chance they will stop me from going in with just one chaperone.  But, even knowing they’d be arriving any minute, she couldn’t seem to let me leave.
She continued hugging me, kissing me and calling me her Bunny Baby.  Then, she astounded me by blowing one and three right off her list, with extreme prejudice.
“I can’t…that plan is cancelled…”
Doc and I gasped, simultaneously.
“Come with me…” she ordered and I followed her to hide behind a car.  “Take it off…switch.”
We exchanged outfits.  She was wearing my mini-skirt and mid-rift shirt.  And, I had on her pantsuit.
“That’s better…hugs your cute little waist, but still covers your ‘fine china’…” she stated. 
“Uh, g-mom we’ve still got an issue.  My mini on you is almost evening gown length…”
“Yikes, Tiger Bunny you can’t waltz into Perv’s Paradise wearing modest capris!” she exclaimed.
Digging through her purse, she would find a solution.  She used scissors and removed my shirt sleeves.  Next, she cut the capris off, turning them into short-shorts.  Two quick strips of double-sided fabric tape and once again, I was dressed for the part.
“Now are we ready?  I see them!” I exclaimed, watching my grandfather, poppy and Taft as they tried to cross the busy street.
We ran back to Doc, Wally and Lyle.
“You stay in Wally’s arms, only.  Your back stays against his chest if you want to turn around.  Don’t you dare touch anything besides him!  Consider yourself his beautiful appendage until you’re back in my arms…think, Tray-worthy super-glue.  Or, it’s our first, no go…
“I won’t tolerate IL M. TB touching my Tiger Bunny, ever again.  I tried, but it just can’t happen…” g-mom said softly and I watched tears fill her eyes.
“I love you, mommy.  I’ll make it work…no worries.  People will point and say, ‘What excellent Doc performed that permanent surgical attachment?’  But, Poppy’s almost here and…” I attempted to tell her before she interrupted me.
“Say no more.  I love you.  Wally…you’re Doc.  Keep my baby safe and on your person, at all times…go, now!”
Wally winked at her.  Then, he grabbed Lyle and shoved him toward the entrance to SizZle and away from me.
G-mom’s predication came true.  All three Doms saw where I was heading.  They took off running for me, intent on preventing me from going inside.  The crowd parted because they channeled.  But, they still couldn’t get within fifty feet of SizZle – people or no people in their way.
They doubled over from pain as the security system activated.
I saw Doc yank them to his location with a channel and heal them, instantly.
The five of them watched me walk away.  Wally had his arm around my shoulder.  I waved and g-mom blew me a kiss.
Then, we entered the line and would wait our turn to get escorted inside the Den of Iniquity.
“Whew, that was too close for comfort…” I told Wally.
But, like I told Doc, close only counts in certain instances.  In the end, all is how it should be.
I’ve got a legitimate way to go inside.  I thwarted three powerful, motivated Doms who wanted to prevent me from going on this outing.  Wally will keep me safe…no one will touch me.  If things go south, he and I will bolt outside.  Trouble will follow.  Even if my grandfathers’ can’t get near SizZle, my g-mom definitely can.  Lyle is being my obedient Whipping Boy.
Wally has a large amount of cash and at least four, platinum credit cards on him.  The only thing we have to do is give the senator enough money to purchase all the girls for our freaky bash and we’re out.
Easy…peezy…lemon-squeezy…
I took in a deep, cleansing breath and held it – feeling confident that my ducks are in a row.  Holding that breath helped me calm my frazzled nerves…
But, I should have remembered my lesson from the Hook.
The fate that happens in the aftermath of the exhale is the only one that matters.
What I thought were little quackers in a row, turned out to be live hand-grenades disguised as duck-shaped targets at a firing range.

Chapter Sixty

Wally kept whispering comments to Lyle.  I had no idea what he was saying, but my ex was shaking from restraint.  I was content enough to let my quarterback have his fun as we ambled through the line.
The first challenge presented itself before we could make it to the restricted area, outside of SizZle.  Patrons have to step into glass boxes, designed to hold one standing guest.  The security staff performs their wand sweep, individually.
I gave g-mom my solemn word that I would stick to Wally like we’re super-glued.  I have never broken a promise to her and I’m not about to start now.  There are only four parties ahead of ours.  With any luck, I’ll have sixteen minutes to think of something.
But, I should have been more specific in my request.  Luck heard me and reared its ugly, bad side.
Wealthy, privileged, champagne-guzzling perverts complain more than all the spoiled brats of the world, put together.  Security called inside and new staff members came running out.  They opened two additional glass boxes for wand scans so the brats on the sidewalk wouldn’t have to wait.
My four-party stall quickly turned into a set.  The set turned into no one.
We’re on deck!
Thinking fast, I grabbed the full flute of champagne from the rotund guy standing in line behind me.
“Hey, give that back!” he exclaimed.
I poured it down the front of my low-cut shirt.
“No hands, but be my guest…” I stated with a slur.
The guy leaned down, preparing to lick the alcohol off of my cleavage.
Wally turned, shoved him away and said, “Get your own Sexy Bunny, Opera Man…”
“That’s a thousand dollars-worth of my bubbly your Sexy Bunny’s wearing!” the guy shouted.
“Here’s five grand…go buy yourself a bottle.  That should stop your crying.
“My Bunny Babe never whines.  I make sure she never has to stop partying…and she always gets her way,” Wally told him.
“I wanna go in to that playground, right now.  This is sooo boring.  I demand some entertainment…” I ordered in a voice that sounded eerily like an intoxicated Haven.
The thought struck me and suddenly, I was doubled over from laughter.  Wally grabbed me around the waist.
“Whoa, there…you can’t wait any longer, huh…alright.  Put my jacket around you.  That’s my girl.  You can climb aboard your big man and I’ll give you a ride.  That way, you can warm-up in private,” he responded loudly.
His sport coat covered my body to my knees.  Wally Baxter is either a first-rate actor or a gypsy because he is following my lead to the letter.
“Ohhhh yyessss…my love doctor…I’m all covered up.  Now, pleeeaaasssseeee…lemme ride my stud,” I said, slurring my words as he hoisted me up on his back.  “You’re not gonna show your massive instrument to anyone else, right?”
“No Bunny…you pull it out and you put it away.  All the pets I buy tonight are just for you.  Me and our Whipping Boy here, we’ll be the spectators…” he stated and the whining guy smirked knowingly.
Lyle is going to have a stroke suppressing so much rage.  G-mom will be so happy and Doc will be looking the other way.
I kissed Wally’s neck and wiggled around while pretending to be half-out of it.  My arms were crisscrossed, dangling over his shoulders.  He hoisted me a little higher to get a better grip and make me more comfortable.  My palms were resting near his heart.  His beat was strong and steady.  I’m sure he could feel mine against his back…thundering erratically from stress.
Then…show time…
“Sir, Station Gamma…step this way…” the young security goon with the prominent bony structure said and motioned for Lyle to come to him.
My heart rate skyrocketed, but Wally’s seemed to actually slow down.
Lyle emptied his pockets and then, entered the glass box for the scan.  He was taller than the lady who had used it before him.  I watched the ceiling and the walls slide to expand.
Senator Harring was locked behind some type of barrier.  He must be held captive until his guests are checked in and make it through security.  I wonder what happens to him, if one of us gets busted doing something bad…like getting caught trying to sneak in under an assumed identity.  Do they revoke his charter or do they light him up with a channeled death ray??
The thought of the senator being lit up by a magical flamethrower made me smile, wickedly.  G-mom is rubbing off on me.
“Sir, Station Beta…Miss, Station Delta…” the security goon ordered Wally to one box and me to the other.
“Can’t you see, Unger, my Sexy Bunny’s busy riding??  She’s staying right where she’s at…” he told the goon.
“Sir, I must insist…” the guard tried again.
“Show me your, Boss Man…Unger.  I don’t speak to hired help,” Wally stated sarcastically, dismissing him by turning his back.
“Doc, is it…right?  Senator L. C. Harring here – it’s a pleasure to finally meet you.  Bunny only needs…” he attempted to say, but Wally interrupted.
“She’s my Hot Sexy Bunny.  That’s my pet name for her and I’m the only one who calls her that.  We square??  Or, she and I can always go back to my penthouse and make like rabbits on stacks of hundreds.  She’s looking for some female action.  But, money gets her motor purring too,” my quarterback bodyguard stated.
“We’re square…sorry, my mistake.  I don’t think I’ve ever made her acquaintance.  Junior…an introduction,” Senator Harring instructed.
Stick was stuck.  He can’t speak unless we tell him it’s okay.  So, Lyle was pretending he couldn’t hear anything his dad was saying inside the glass box.  The senator was trying to coax him without making too much of a scene.
We decided to let senator and son stew by ignoring them, completely.
“I’m not breaking my promise…for anyone or anything,” I whispered to Wally.
“Neither am I!  There’s a pint-sized, lethal predator nearby out headhunting – didn’t you hear?  My tiny brain does a good deal of my overall thinking…I love that big guy,” he whispered, humorously.
“The word I used was “massive”…” I commented sheepishly.
“Oh yeah, I was talking about the ‘brain part’.  You were talking about ‘the body’…”
“Messy…accidents…happen…from hysterical…laughter,” I stammered softly, through my convulsions.
Fearing my words would come true my right hand disappeared under his sport coat.  I wedged it between his back and my lower abdomen to put some pressure on my bladder.  Pressing down, wasn’t really helping matters.  But, I had to do something because I couldn’t stop the hysterics.
Wally’s quick wit reminds me so much of my big brothers’ that it’s uncanny.  Becca is definitely going to fall in love with him…no doubt left about it.
The crowd, being forced to wait, cranked up their noisy complaints.
Another security goon came outside and introduced himself as Darth.
“Sir, the brief scans are required for entry.  Your young lady only needs to…” Darth stated.
“Hey Boss Man, only I know what my lady needs.  Wait, am I talking to the owner?” Wally asked.
“I am the head of SizZle security…”
“Then, we’ve got a problem.  I don’t speak to talking chimps as a general rule.  I was invited and told she’d get to play in the petting zoo while the senator and I talk money matters.  My high-maintenance lady likes to stroke things.  It’s hard to find her sufficient entertainment away from the bedroom.
“I don’t care whether we go in there or not.  There’s a big building full of senators, looking for a nicely funded, oval office bid that will be sympathetic to my business needs.  But let’s face it…I’ve only got one Sexy Bunny…” Wally informed him.
The senator was frantically attempting to fix this situation.  But, Darth didn’t even glance at him.
“You can see her the whole time…” he offered.
“This is why I don’t waste resources on trained monkeys.  I’m not asking and your policies don’t interest me.
“Catch it, Slick…I’m not repeating this.  My girl’s getting her freak on, bare-back.  I’m not putting her down and risking an interruption.
“You can personally scan us, together.  She doesn’t have on enough to be packing a weapon.  We’re not hiding anything.  In fact, my wallet’s stuffed so full of cash I can’t close it.  If Opera Man behind us can squeeze into your box, then I know it can accommodate the two of us…” Wally remarked.
“Scanning two people in one station requires an override…”
“Your problem, Curious George…not ours,” Wally declared.
The crowd was nearing riot level.  Lyle and the senator are stuck.  Evidently, the system will not resume until we get through.
Darth is in over his head.  He already admitted he can scan us together.  So, he can’t deny it now.
Ha-ha Monkey Jerk, you just painted yourself into a corner…or so I thought.
“We’ve got a Code Orange at SizZle…advise…” the head of security spoke into his earpiece.
Oh no, these are the new guards who signed their lives away!  I had managed to forget that while joking around with Wally.  Darth isn’t about to take a risk on two strangers.
“Understood…” Darth said to the person on the other end before he said the fateful words to us.  “Sir, GZE’s head of security is coming to issue the override.  He is the only one authorized to grant non-standardized access on Select Sundays’…” Darth revealed.
Ice Man is headed to SizZle…game over…the home team just lost.

Chapter Sixty One

Adrenalin is building at a record pace.  My heart is threatening to go on strike from the turmoil.  And, the worst part of all, Wally doesn’t realize the incoming danger.  His heart rate still remains strong and steady.
Frantic thoughts settled into a bizarre serenity.  For a fleeting instant, I thought I might turn into Tenacity Stewart.  She is who I need…calculating…innovative…cool under tremendous pressure.  That person is the pure, realistic half of my splitting personality.  She analyzes raw data and operates based on facts.
My mind did begin the process of analyzing…while in the throes of having a complete psychotic break.
Cool Customer Wally is thinking with his real brain.  But, he gets a tiny one to help him out and complete access to both at all times.  He’s demonstrating the use of both – right now!  He gets two-brain access because he’s saying something snarky to the senator while Sexy ‘Accident Preventing’ Bunny is wiggling around on his back.
I have another whole brain to use and there’s nothing tiny involved in its utilization.  But, my inner Tenacity is nowhere to be found.  She can’t just come and go at her leisure.  Who gave her permission to take a vacation?  Wait, oh heaven help me out, did Sexy Bunny Baby replace her?
Fighting to get a grip was pointless.  My insides are being pulverized by madness.  My frantic thoughts are bombarding my mind.  They have complete control of everything.  The best I could do at that juncture was issue low squeaky moans that sounded nothing like, “Wally take us and run for our lives!”
Opera Man was actually getting a cheap thrill from what appeared and sounded to be my sidewalk solo pleasure-fest.  He buttoned his overcoat and one of his hands disappeared inside.
A few seconds later the anorexic female beside him borrowed a sport coat from a stranger and suddenly, she was missing an appendage.
The coat wearing stranger decided if she was brazen enough to use his clothing to cover up her activity that he was at liberty to study her bones via touch.
The woman who he is escorting didn’t slap him or storm off.  She turned to greet the guy behind her.
That’s when the term friendly neighbor took on a whole new meaning.  The neighborhood inhabitants de-evolved as the whiny impatient perverts discovered a new pastime occupation.  On a positive, albeit vile, note they did stop complaining
I’m inspiring a freak-twisted, sidewalk-soloing, rabbit-orgy!
Direly wishing I could un-see the things I am seeing…but, like watching any morbid happening, my human eyes were obstinately riveted.
If my voice decides to resume functioning I will scream for Doc to scrub my mind.  Then, I’m sentencing myself to a solid month lounging in a Decon chamber.  Those two things are my only possible hopes of excising the layers of filth from my unexpected smut-exposure.
Where’s Ember when I need her???  She can sanitize this whole area, and its smutty occupants, with her nice clean spirit light.  Take that scummy wanna-be opera singers – obscene, flesh-covered skeletons – and overly friendly, too-familiar twisted neighbors…the only kinda freak you’ll be receiving from that light is the kinda freak that blasts you with a permanent un-freak out!!!
Wally whispered, “…is what I think might be going on…happening??”
My head appropriately nodded.
He moved my hand away from his steadily beating heart and used it to cover his laughter.
“The head-hunting elf is on the move, Bunny…” Wally declared, clearly although it was being muffled by my palm.
He turned us away to keep me out of her line of sight.
But, I still closed my eyes and anticipated the deadly g-mom strike.
Unger and Darth need to take cover!
No one beyond those with deck access could see what I was doing.  But, the freak-artists behind me are unaware that they just got expelled from the blind-spot into the g-mommy strike zone!
I can see the news anchor’s bi-line… “Tonight’s breaking story…In a strange ‘bunny’ related incident, a majority of the world’s wealthiest and most perverted unexpectedly wandered into the path of an uncontrolled, enraged rabbit-mommy.  Bystanders were dodging tiny heads as they hit the sidewalk, rolling…”
Although I was horrified as the scene was unfolding, I was also lightheaded as I worked to control my hysterics.  There is no telling what this specific crowd might make of it and how they might attempt to mimic it.
Darth wasn’t prepared for this bizarre contingency.  There is no page in the manual to cover it.  His eyes were bulging from their sockets as he rapidly lost control of everyone and everything.
That’s when I thought I caught a glimpse of Ice Man.
Uh-oh perverts…we’re about to get busted!  And, security Barlings are about to get terminated.
“Sir, can your female take a seat on your shoulders instead of being carried on your back?” Darth asked, rapidly.
Wally answered through action.  Once he had me repositioned, I leaned down to kiss him.  It was cover for a quickie conversation. 
“Do you see the elf?” I whispered to him.
“She was there and then, she vanished…” Wally responded.
“That can mean almost anything!” I exclaimed, quietly.
“Sir, please forgive the interruption.  Empty your pockets of all loose items.  Lift your arms for an F-sweep.  Your lady can receive her F-sweep while inside the sterile loading station to ensure she is not accidently touched by the staff.  Bodies, shoes, garments, watches and jewelry are the only articles permitted inside the glass retainers.  Does she have a purse or any other items that she wishes to declare?” Darth inquired.
“Hey Sexy Bunny, hand me both money clips and my extra wallet.  Check both inside pockets…but, try not to get distracted.  The exotic zoo is less than ten feet away,” he told me.
“I’ll be good.  I’ll even be extra-good…maybe then, you’ll let me take home more than one new pet to play with.
“Here, take this…my hand’s not big enough to hold all three,” I replied, dramatically handing over the overstuffed clip filled with thousand-dollar bills.
“I know Bunny, cash is such a pain to carry…is that it??” Wally asked.
“No wait, I found another.  How many did you bring??” I asked him in an obnoxiously loud voice.
“That’s why I said check the pockets.  Little G lined them tonight, not me.  I didn’t know if this place takes plastic and ATMs have limits.  Unlike our Whipping Boy, have I ever let you down?”
“No, Big Stud…Whipping Boy Lyle was a massive disappointment,” I replied, pulling out yet another money clip and handing it down.
“That’s why I’ve taken him off your hands.  Harring is only hanging around to service me when you’re busy.  Right, IL M. TB?  Answer me…” Wally questioned Lyle.
“Yes…” Lyle whispered.
“I don’t think your dad heard your answer, IL M. TB – say it loud enough so the important people across the street can hear it…” Wally instructed him.
“Yes, I’m only here to provide you service, Doc!” Lyle choked out with a bellow.
“Way to take one for the team, Junior!” the senator exclaimed and I doubled over laughing.
“Hey, we’ve come too far to go back now.  Let’s not have any accidents up there…” Wally whispered to me.
“That’s everything I can find…” I told him, still snickering but back in control.
Darth, Unger and the other staff members seemed to be frozen, stunned from the amount of cash he had on his person.
“Exotic pets for my Hot Sexy Bunny’s collection are expensive.  Let’s get this over with!” Wally commanded and they instantly stopped gawking.
“If you will, kindly step into Station Delta…” Darth stated.
Ice Man was nowhere to be seen, but somehow we have been granted an override.
Wally and I are headed into SizZle.
G-mom didn’t go off.
We did it with no casualties on either side!
The glass ceiling was maxed out, but we could both fit inside.
My mind restored itself to calm.  I was even giggling.
Lyle sighed in relief.
His dad was trying to grease the wheels from behind his glass shield.
All was right with the world…until the scanner started its sweep inside our enclosure.  It starts on the floor and slowly rises.
My belly-button loops, filled with Zander’s essence, started to heat…
By the time it reached Wally’s knees they were boiling…
The sweep hesitated near his mid-section for some reason.
The loops were scorching my skin…
I was swiftly becoming the poster girl for SizZle.
Wally felt the inferno blazing because it was currently raging near the top of his head.
He reached up to place a buffer between us.  And, I grabbed his hand.  He can’t touch those loops without getting a third-degree burn on his palm.
But, he can touch my inner thigh and live through it.  Well, as long as my grandfathers’ and Taft can’t see him while he’s doing it.
I shoved Wally’s hand into another danger zone as a last resort.  I would have told him to beware of the fine china, but my belly rings will singe his hair if I lean over.  Wally, ever the gentleman, inconspicuously slid his hand closer to my knee.
Then, in desperation, I started stroking my palms against the glass and gave the performance of the century.
“I love this freaky glass case.  It’s like that time we did it in that mummy coffin at the Cairo Museum.  Only this time, we’ve got interactive audience participation.  That makes me soooo hot!
“Do it to me just like that, Doc…right here, in front of all these people!  We can get my pets to do it next time.  But, these people’ll do it with me and with us, too!  Please Big Stud, don’t let them open the doors until I’m finished!” I exclaimed.
“Anything for my Hot Bunny Exhibitionist…” he agreed, playing along.
Wally didn’t make a single move though because he didn’t know what I was doing or how he could help me.
“Hey Dippy-Darp Monkey, you heard my Stud, stop that sweep this instant!” I shouted, while banging on the glass.
He obeyed my command.  But, he was wavering with indecision.
“Move your hand away from that button!  We’re staying behind this glass until I’ve got my freak to the finish line and that crowd finishes freaking themselves with me…right, crowdy-crowd?  There’s an empty box beside ours…any takers?” I yelled.
My perverted line-neighbors went berserk for the twisted suggestion, just as I anticipated.  They were slugging and clawing to be my guest.
And, bada-boom, bada-bing our sweeping scan of lava death was over!
“I’m sorry, Miss.  Unfortunately, the scan has reached its conclusion and only one is permitted per twenty-four hours.  However, your glass case “crowd freak” can be arranged through guest services.  You may even handpick your audience.
“The guest services’ booth is located in the lobby.  The sign is prominently posted.  Enjoy the rest of your evening getting your freak off and on at SizZle…” Darth told us with an awkward smile plastered on his nervous face.
I was panting by the time the casing door flew open.  So, protesting to make it appear more authentic was off the table.
My skin would have been blistered and peeling except Zander’s essence healed it.  I would later discover that g-mom’s shirt didn’t get so lucky.  The front lower half had been burned away.  Once again, I was clad in a mid-rift that exposed my circle tattoo that surrounds my navel rings.
Wally ducked so I wouldn’t hit my head on the archway.
“Water, now!” he commanded the nearest employee while he got me down from his shoulders.
Five heaves later and a waitress appeared with a glass of ice water for me.  I tried not to guzzle it, but it happened anyway.
We failed to get a bathroom exception from g-mom, so Wally would have to attend with me.  He held my hair back while I puked up the icy water.  Then, he helped me stumble over to the sink.  I brushed my teeth and applied some fresh make-up.
“Sorry Bunny, no glass coffin mummy freaking this evening…” he told me and bit down on his lower lip to keep from laughing.
“It’s all good, Stud…Little G and our other four voyeurs’ will be revved, ready and waiting.  You’ll buy me some exotic lovelies to stroke and play with.  That’s the only freak you’ve gotta worry about providing your Bunny…that’s where I’ll get my satisfaction,” I stated.
The other ladies in the restroom were growing impatient.  They didn’t want to use the facilities until Wally had exited.
How dare they act all high-and-mighty modest?  This isn’t a ballet we are going to.  This is a gang-rape and they are the riveted audience.  That’s when something…snapped.
“Carry me…” I requested to Wally and held up my arms like Haven does.
He obliged.  I wrapped my legs around his waist and started heatedly, making out with him.
Angry, the women protested and told us to take it to our room.
“This is the only public ladies facility in SizZle…crass…newcomers…” this older woman declared and appeared incensed.
“Tie a knot in it, granny…or I could always do it for you…” I threatened.
“Well, I never…” she replied, offended.
“And you never will again if I have anything to say about it…” I responded in a dark, devious tone.
Over the broken edge and through the looking glass I sailed.  I couldn’t seem to stop myself from going.
“Hit the head in the men’s room if you’re that desperate, because we’re gonna be awhile,” I commanded in a deep, deranged voice that didn’t belong to me.
Some of them scattered, but most of them stayed.
I was feverishly kissing my bodyguard like it would be our last night on earth.  For one whacked out second, I was gone into a new dimension.  I’ll rip his shirt and pants off to demonstrate that I will get down to business on this marble floor in a skinny second.  Some of Wally’s buttons popped off and his pants zipper was at half-mast before the mental snap repaired as fast as it fractured.  The looking glass ejected me and I landed back in reality.
What am I trying to accomplish?  These females will not flee from the intimate madness like ordinary women.  This won’t stun or embarrass them.  They might even try to join us.
I put some space between me and Wally, feeling really guilty.  He was the one panting this go-round.
“Oh my…I’m…I didn’t mean…I feel so bad.  I don’t know what just came over me…” I whispered in confusion.
“It’s cool.  You’re just testing out to see which head rules the other…” he joked, quietly.
“Nope…Little G doesn’t allow me to play Russian roulette…” I replied, humorously.
“Lucky for you, the bullets are still chambered.  Never actually fired a loaded weapon in a public place…so, I can’t speak to this with experience.  But, an audience…any audience…would probably make me a little gun-shy,” he whispered in my ear.
He kissed my neck, softly…
Our breathing synced up…
And, very familiar chills ran through my body…
I know what this is.
I didn’t have the time to conduct an exploration, though because we have girls to purchase.  So, he carried me over to the sink and we washed our hands together.  I noticed that he left his wrists under the cold water a little longer than he needed to.
Boy and how, that passionate display came out of the clear blue sky and shocked me.  I had been acting before, but that was something else entirely.
“Lyle’s dad has met me a handful of times.  But, he’s bombed and the lighting is low.  You can order him to turn off all the lights in the room he takes us to.  Or, I can just stay hidden behind you.  That way you won’t have to carry me…or feel me near your…um, your middle,” I offered, quietly feeling the heat radiating from my cheeks.
“I’d rather not take any chances, Sexy Bunny.  I’m only sharing you tonight with other females, remember?  You just let me provide the piggyback ride and keep your head down.  I’ll keep Chester the Molester on topic and off of you.  I’ve got this…” he informed me and I believed him.
The senator was waiting to attach himself to Wally the instant we came out of the ladies room.  Lyle motioned for permission to go to the restroom.  I was close enough to hear my bodyguard’s single word answer – “suffer…”
“I was just telling my son how proud I am that he’s giving 100% to please you.  I’ll give you my word that he’s your boy – services are what the Harring men are all about.
“Your lively companion will get her new pet and it will by my pressure…sorry, I mean it will be my pleasure to make that transaction.
“Let’s step into my suite.  They’re still getting it ready.  I wasn’t prepared to entertain tonight.  The booking fee and guests’ names are technically supposed to be paid, forty-eight hours prior to the event.  It gives them time to round up enough livestock to feature and vet the non-charters.
“Here we are…nice and comfy, cozy wouldn’t you say?” the senator questioned as he escorted us inside his immoral den.
The room reminded me of Daddy-Jax’s office – elegant, opulent and comfortable in a sterile, business kind of way.  The chairs were high-back leather.  The round bed was huge and it looks like there might be some type of restraint that locks in place.  But, does it keep people in or out??
The personal bar had a girl standing behind it, staring into space.  She had on a bracelet like the one Audrey had been wearing.
“Yummy, playmate number one…can I have her?” I questioned Wally.
“Senator?” he asked, curiously.
“Oh, she’s not in here.  That’s just her interactive.  She’ll get us whatever – once my suite’s operational.  But, she won’t be joining us unless I activate a sensory purchase…” the senator revealed before he turned to Lyle.
“My son’s attlempting – sorry, attempting to impress his old man.  He disappointed me recently.  He was setting things up to share the Alpha he was banging – pretty cheerleader…on the thin side for my taste but doable none-the-less.  She was stacked for an athletic girl…might even be a C-cup.
“See Doc, our frat brothers’ take a pledge to share for life.  He was supposed to have me a live co-ed, waiting.  But, he ditched C-cup for the carpenter’s dream.  That model, what’s her name Lamely…or something like that,” the senator waited for his son to speak, but no permission would be forthcoming.
Lyle also looked petrified and ready to bolt.  That’s why he took me home to meet his parents.  His dad wanted to check me out before he took a turn using me??
That’s sick!  I was fighting back vicious waves of nausea as the revulsion overwhelmed my body.  There’s no safe place for Lyle to hide…not from my family…not when they hear about this.  I won’t say a word.  We are currently under pressure and our five new mommies have to maintain their cool.  But, I don’t anticipate Wally is willing to maintain his silence.  So the chips will have to fall into the fiery mosh pit…
 “I’ve gotta apologize for my boy.  He’s out-of-sorts with you making that announcement.  You don’t mind if I tell them…do you?” Lyle’s dad asked and Wally answered for him.
“He doesn’t mind…tell us.  We’ve got a history now.  No secrets between us, right IL M. TB – nod for your dad…”
Stick dutifully nodded.
“There’s no shame in servicing a male contributor, son.  I’ve done that and more.  We go, all-in to get what we want.  You can stop shaking…there’s nothing to be scared of.  I’m not angry with you anymore.
“Edgar will sign for your application.  I can’t do it because we’re related.  But, I can provide my voucher as a second.  You’ll be getting your own charter with gallery seating after the pre-requisite screenings.
“I’m sure it won’t take long to get a suite of your own.  But, earning that Hook key is on you.  Nothing your dad or Edgar can do to help you on that one.
“Stick’s been beggin’ for a charter.  Trips and motorcycles won’t do, anymore.  The kid’s spoiled.  He can catch a football and has been getting what he wants ever since.  His talent has been a boon to my political career.  No telling what fortune it’ll bring when he reaches the NFL.
“I can’t blame Junior for wanting his own SizZle charter.  He’s been to Gray’s Place on numerous occasions with me.  But, petting zoo Sunday’s is where it all starts, in gallery seating.  The Gray Hook is more ‘watch the freak show’, less ‘touching the merchandise’.  He’s always loved to watch…
“SizZle is the lending institute.  The gallery is a way for management to sort through the common rich riff-raff and skim the elite.  You know, they have to enforce a stringent process for selecting their charters and key holders.  They use SizZle Select Elite Sunday’s to weed out the lookie-loos and cheapskates.  They have to be picky, with a limited number of suites.  The true amenities should only go to gentlemen like us…” he stopped talking long enough to yell for a goon.
“Get my suite operational!  Can’t you see my glass needs a refill and my guests are empty-handed…” the senator demanded.
“I’ll get right on that, Sir!  I apologize…could I possibly get them…” the goon remarked.
“You can stop breathing the air I purchased for my suite guests.  I’d rather have the interactive deliver them.  At least that beast will give us a peek at the display.  Don’t offer to bring us anything.  Just green light me, now!” he exclaimed.
The goon held his breath until he exited.
“Animal servants…too bad they need oxygen to survive.  Where was I?  Oh yeah, the men only gallery.  The suite holders get priority purchasing rights.  Whatever’s left, if there is anything, gets auctioned to the gallery gutter rats.  Men have to win an auction, pay the lending fee, borrow pets and return them user-ready.  No one tells you the exact number of pets you have to borrow-and-return to get moved out of stadium-seating to a suite like this one.  It might be different for everybody, but no one discusses it.  It’s bad form…like telling your VP how many positions your secretary enjoys in the sack.
“With my signature on your application, your proclivities and your obscene amount of wealth, I judge you won’t spend more than one week in the general admission seating area.  I can borrow and loan to you.  It’s the same principle as a sub-lease, but your fee is double mine – half to the house and half to me.  I have to take first use before any other male because my DNA has to show up for the verification upon her return.  But, you’re welcome to join us – which, by the way is something I don’t typically allow.
“I lost count of how many pets I’ve borrowed-and-returned with minimal damage.  And, I had a perfect ‘no visible damage’ record until I let Junior take a turn.  It was his initial brotherhood present when he pledged to my frat.  Using my loaner is a brother-to-brother thing.  Our father-to-son relationship is an image…mainly, reserved for photo ops.  He’s a man.  Can’t consider him a kid anymore…not when he pledged and asked to share in the rite of passage, first day.
“He was content with taking my leftovers until the last pet I checked out.  I brought her to the condo I own in this town during spirit week.  She did something for him – brought him to a new height of ecstasy.  He hasn’t told me the details.  Tell Doc and I what she…” the senator requested from Lyle.
“IL M. TB promised to share those details with me and my private party, exclusively.  Sorry if he’s violating some frat brother’s pledge, but he’s my boy ‘til I’m finished toying with him, right?” Wally asked, thankfully interrupting him.
“Sure, I get it…can’t be disappointing you or those members in your private party.  Not when it appears, you and I might be getting into a political bed together…”
“You can drop the word “might”.  I’m known as a reward’s man.  You got us into SizZle Select Elite Sunday on short notice.  That comes with a hefty prize.  I can safely say you won’t need to bother looking for any other contributors, after tonight.  You’ve given me and my Hot Bunny, exactly what we wanted…” Wally revealed.
Did g-mom give him gypsy acting lessons in seven minutes???
“That’s great to hear!  I’ve already got in mind which gentlemen will provide you with your other necessary vouchers.  I have been a charter for nine years.  You can skip most of the screening process on my word.  I will initiate your application and have it fast-tracked.  The fee is $50K in cash.
“Stick hasn’t stopped harassing me to get him the vouchers he needs for a personal charter.  Gallery seating takes months of screening.  But, it typically takes a couple of years for a man to meet the requirements and purchase a bronze level suite.  He wants to be in his bronze before his pro-career goes into full-swing.  Men with power and prestige need this type of outlet.  We build up…” the senator suggested, before Wally interrupted him.
“Tell me more about this gallery.  Is it closer to the merchandise?” he inquired, forcing another subject change.
“Repulsive seating, it’s like being in a pit of filth and sweat.  Gallery gutter rats use the public lobby facilities.  You went into the ladies room…I have never set foot inside the public men’s room.
“Once the lights come up, you’ll see the spectators in the gallery.  They’ll be below us, but they are closer to all the displays.  What they do is sometimes more interesting than watching the wares being presented.  I don’t normally join in the gallery activities, but we will if you’d like.  I can get you complete access…”
“My Sexy Bunny likes complete…” Wally started to say before he was interrupted.
“Males only in the gallery…sorry,” the senator stated.
“She can sit on my lap…”
“You don’t understand.  I’m not refusing to take her.  She just won’t survive.  Here, see for yourself…” Lyle’s dad offered before he turned on a television and changed the station.  “This is surveillance footage from the inaugural night…right after the ribbon cutting.  Notice to the left, this man is attempting to sneak in his high-priced escort instead of leaving her in the Bull-Pen…”
The woman skirts by security while the man distracts the guard.  The curtain lifts, blue and brown mist fills the gallery and she is bleeding from every orifice within seconds.
“I could let you see the aftermath.  But, I don’t know how you feel about a pack of jackals taking liberties with the recently departed.
“The cocktail blend in the air is a repellant.  It’s a complicated process, but the basics are – the blue blends with the female chromosomes and the brown gums them up.  Seconds later, that’s what happens.  They’re worried about other females mixing into their prime-selected gene pool.  Those Lethal Reactive protocols are continual, if even one Double Z girl is on-site and all of them are, tonight. 
“Numb-nuts that got his escort killed, didn’t read the fine print.  He lost his charter and was permanently ejected.  I never saw him again.  GZE management is serious about the rules.  No females in unauthorized places and the establishment assumes no liability,” he told Wally.
“So, what about the merchandise?  I assume most of the pets are female…”
“I think the Double Z bracelets they have locked on their wrists’ provide some type of protection.  Or, at least none of them are damaged from it.  All the top-shelf gals are compliant and friendly.  They enjoy saying “yes” to anything.
“Like I said though, I’m not refusing to take you.  But, your lively one will have to stay in here or in the Bull-Pen…”
“I’m not leaving her, anywhere,” Wally affirmed.
“You don’t have to decide right now, Doc.  You can watch what they’re doing and if you want to go check those men out or partake then, don’t worry we’ll hit the floor and slum it.  There’s plenty of time for discretionary perversions…
“Speaking of…there’s the green light.  I’ll pay for a sensory so you can have a sneak peek.  This suite is worth every cent I’ve paid for it.  I used to think 20K a head for each guest was a little steep.  But, the contributions to my campaign have more than balanced my entertainment budget.
“Still, I don’t go out on a limb for just anybody.  They’ve got a twelve month waiting list just to get your name registered to buy a suite.  They’re not hurting for owners.  Charters can get revoked for the smallest infraction.  Before I activate anything, including my auctioning authority, I’ll need some iron-clad assurance that I’m entertaining a true constituent for my presidency bid…” he hinted.
“We’ll talk politics, presidency expectations and ways to get around those pesky spending limits, once my Sexy Bunny has some toys to play with.  She’s the one who dragged me here.  Public freak-fests are more her thing.  I have a private party waiting in a limo that I just can’t wait to get back to.  I like my public…well, more select than she does,” Wally stated.
“I apologize for not extending anymore guest passes, tonight.  Lyle didn’t tell me about your planned party.  Maybe something can be arranged for next time.  But, they can join us, along with the pet we buy.  Hopefully, she’ll make up for your absence.  Does your party happen to include any more females?”
“Just one, but she’s a spitfire…right, IL M. TB?” Wally responded and then asked.
“Yes…” Lyle responded.
“I like feisty, but my pet has to have some curves.  Lyle knows this…fiery and stacked…that’s how I like them.  Spirit week was almost a bust this year.  I flew in ready to tap a C-cup, double-jointed cheerleader co-ed and he brings me a non-coed, twig-girl in a negligée.  She couldn’t get a porn star’s motor going…not with that body.
“The cheerleader didn’t get away, entirely.  Her family was on campus and she provided me the ‘in’ I needed.  The managing partner of this fine establishment tells me he’s met her granddaddy.  Gray says he’s a middle-class factory worker of some kind.  That idiot wouldn’t know his head from his butt without someone revealing it to him in an instructional video.  C-cup’s grandpappy is funded and it ain’t from no production job either…if you get what I’m saying.
“To tell you the truth, Doc, it made me angry again.  My boy’s making out with the twig on the fifty yard line, instead of trying to get back his stacked pom-pom girl, with the old family money for me.  I went so far as to drop Lyle’s application in the shredder.  Then, he won against LVU.
“Man, I didn’t think he had it in him…been a two-time loser against that team.  Our defense is weak with Kramer being injured.  And, LVU’s QB has got game. I’m not sure on his stats.  You keep up with college ball?” he asked Wally.
“Not much…”
“That’s too bad…Stick managed to pull it out at the end for us.  So, I gave him a token present.  He even managed to screw it up, too…didn’t ya’ Junior??” he asked Lyle.
Wally’s heart rate had been steadily climbing.  He is furious.
“IL M. TB, tell your dad you’re a total screw up.  Then, bend over and get ready to be my footstool.  Screwing up a token gift takes some special kinda stupid, worthy of a stick of furniture.
“Well, tell him and then, assume the position…” my bodyguard said, his mood edging closer to the dark side.
“I’m a screw up…” Lyle stated and kissed the floor.
“Stud Man, this is soooo boring.  When does the action start??” I whined, praying that the senator would shut up.
Wally can only restrain himself for so long.
“Hear that bell…it’s a ten minute warning.
“And, here’s our first prospective pet.  Doc, take your drinks and then, have a good look.  She’ll do whatever you tell her…” the senator informed Wally and motioned for him to do something.
“Can we take her outside for a solo-spin in the glass case?  She hasn’t exhausted her turn, right?” my bodyguard questioned.
“Fun idea but not yet…merchandise remains inside the property until the transaction is complete.  You can’t purchase a pet until the auction is officially opened.  Here, let me get her to display for you.
“Turn around, Tootsie…now, touch your toes.  She’s not the most flexible they’ve got.  We can fix that problem with a little grease in the right places and helping her get, loosened up,” the senator stated about the unknown girl.
“What do you think, Sexy Bunny?” Wally asked me.
“I say ‘sold’…” I replied.
The senator laughed like I had suggested something outlandish.
“Doc, pick your alcohol or drugs, whichever.  She’s only got another six minutes to fetch on sensory.  We came in late…” he informed us with a shrug.
“I’ll take a Bud and champagne for my Sexy Bunny…”
“We’ll keep a bottle chilled for her…Lyle, you want anything?” the senator inquired.
“He’s fine, right IL M. TB?  Tell your dear old dad you’ve got everything you need…” Wally command and Stick complied.
The girl left and reappeared with our order.
I was nonchalantly trying to catch her attention and I took a drink of champagne without even thinking.  She stood like a statue, waiting for a command.  My heart shattered and the fury started rising.  I took another sip to avoid bursting into tears or ripping the senator’s eyeballs out of their sockets.
“We’ve only got three minutes.  So, I’ll have to be quick about it…” the senator told us.  “I’ll test drive her…”
Then, he rattled off several quick suggestions and the girl performed…contorted…and complied.  He put his hands between her knees and started heading north.
“Mine!  Give her to me…” I shrieked in Wally’s ear at the same time he bellowed, “Stop!  That’s ours…”
“Relax…I was only going to open her…” that’s all the senator got out.
My glass and Wally’s beer bottle pelted him up-side his head, simultaneously.
“Hands off!” he and I exclaimed like two berserk brats.
The senator fell over.  Unfortunately, it wasn’t from being injured, just startled.
The unknown girl was smiling, with her legs slightly apart, unmoving and waiting for instructions.
“Come to us…” Wally coaxed her – still nothing.
“I have to zone-display her for you.  I didn’t pay for a full-suite scratch-n-sniff…not enough time – complete waste of money,” the senator revoltingly revealed.
And, my stomach charted a new territory, flipping without its accompanying body.
“Down…sink…” I ordered Wally.
The champagne violently returned.
“Breathe…” he reminded me.
“Smut…does not agree…with me,” I quietly stammered between dry heaves.
“I noticed…” he replied.
“They’re mine…all mine…” I told him, resolutely.
“Don’t worry, I’m not starting now…” he cryptically replied in a whispered tone.
“Huh?”
“Letting you down, Bunny…”
The senator dismissed the girl because it was time for her to get ready.  It was everything I could do to let her leave.
Wally held my hair back so I could lean against the sink to brush my teeth, again.  Then, a blow horn sounded in the lobby to get everyone’s attention.  The message was piped into the suite as the deadbolts clanged into place.
“Attention Charter members and guests…we are now on Preparatory Status.  Please be advised that monitoring has switched from video to sensory.  The lobby is restricted access only.  The gallery floor will be sealed in five minutes.  Suite Charters, please be aware, a Cessation Marker will be exhausted if the gallery is accessed during the auction.
“With the exception of jewelry and body piercings, all inanimate articles must be locked inside the storage case for decommissioning.  Articles left in place will be materially confiscated and destroyed before disembarking.  GZE and its affiliates will not be held liable for property destruction. 
“Female guests are reminded that gallery floor access is strictly prohibited.  This policy is lethally enforced.  ‘Winter’s lulling’ will be administered unless the Bull Pen is accessed.  The beginning stages have already commenced.  Females must remain in the blue zones at all times.  Failure to remain within the permitted areas will be enforced with the highest restrictions allowed.  No exceptions are granted.  Your admission and entry constitutes legal acknowledgement.
“Suite holders, please check seating, secured blue zones and storage seals to ensure proper operation.  Any issues must be flagged and addressed before Zoned Status is initiated.  Per contractual agreement, Charters with accompaniment are responsible for informing guests of established rules, restrictions and limitations.  Suite owners will be held liable for all guest infractions and property destruction…” the voice announced.
“It’s time to get ready.  I’ve got to check for bugs…like this one,” the senator stated, clearly aggravated.
My eyelids were feeling heavy…so…so heavy.
The goon from earlier materialized holding his breath just like the senator ordered.
“There’s a visible link missing in the blue zone crib.  This happens every time!  I’m submitting a transfer request for you if it isn’t functional in thirty seconds.  Well, don’t just stand there, hop to it.  We still have to get ready…” he yelled.
It took him less than fifteen seconds to push the reset button, bow and vanish.
“I’ve got to keep checking the room for errors.  Flags create holdup and holdups get suite owner’s noticed… and not in the right way.  Mind if I continue doing this while I’m getting you prepared?  I have to go over the rules, etcetera…” the senator inquired.
“I’m good with that…” Wally said.
“Lyle, listen to everything I say because if you screw up I get the blame in here.  The suite is sealed.  We’re barred in for the auction duration…no one in or out.  Don’t worry, drinks, drugs, toys, paraphernalia and all luxury amenities can still be delivered through the interactive.  As long as it can fit inside the suite with us, it can be ordered.
“The storage boxes are sealed as well.  Your items are secured and never leave the interior of my suite.  Unless it’s jewelry, it has to be removed and stored.  If you want to leave your outfit on, it will be materially destroyed when the auction closes.  I typically have the suite stocked with costumes, robes, scrubs and the like.  But, I got in too late…” the senator revealed before Wally interrupted him.
“Just order them…a costume on my Sexy Bunny sounds like fun…”
“We can order them…and as many as you want.  Unfortunately, the ordered clothing has to have been prepared, ahead.  The ones we call for haven’t.
“I’ll try to explain.  The chairs have sensory adaptors.  They are set to cycle every other minute while they remain active.  If you have to get up, the chair deactivates and the auction grinds to a halt until the yellow light goes off…well, it’ll stop, unless we’re on break.  The adaptors ignore jewelry, but sweep for anything else.  If it hasn’t been prepared, the cycling will destroy it.
“I encourage you, Doc, to make use of my private restroom before being seated.  That blinking light means your space is ready to be activated.  This solid red light on mine indicates a problem…” the senator stated and called for another repair.
I urgently mouthed the words, “Do we have to get naked, naked?” while struggling to remain fully alert.
Wally whispered, “I don’t know…I’ll find out.”
Lyle’s dad finished barking orders.
“Now, let’s see…where was I?” he asked.
“You mean to tell me that all of us have to strip bare and wander around in this room naked the whole time?” Wally questioned, trying to sound casual…but, he was failing.
“None of us strip – per se.  Once we’re in our places, each individual selects which items are removed for storage.  They, for lack of a better word, disappear and are kept in those lockers.  Once the auction is over, the clothes will reappear.  I suggest you unzip your fly because computer re-dressing doesn’t take male adjustments into account.  The storage option is only permitted once, so choose carefully.
“He can’t stay on the floor once we’ve moved to Zoned.  The sensory protocols will remain in lockdown mode.  The auction can’t start until everyone is properly accounted for.  But, I’ll give you full control over his sensory panel.  You choose his experience, storage items and the like.  It’ll be more satisfying than him being a footstool… 
“And, as to your next concern, nobody wanders.  We remain seated…she remains in the blue zone crib…”
“Hold up!  I’m not putting her anywhere without me!” Wally exclaimed.
“She’ll be more comfortable lulling in the crib,” he told us.
“I don’t want her lulling…”
“So, you want her checked into the Bull Pen?  I should’ve guessed that.  Those women are into freaky pla…”
“Lemme be specific.  My Hot Bunny stays awake and in this suite – period!” Wally declared.
“You have to make a choice.  She either, stays and lulls in the blue zone crib or she goes to the Bull Pen and plays.  She’ll be perfectly fine no matter which…” he attempted to say, but Wally interrupted him again.
“Can she sit with me and stay awake??”
“She can’t stay awake if she stays in here.  The protocol for female guests is very stringent and there is no way to get around it.  The seating interactive will explain the full details if you want to keep her with you.  She needs to use the restroom, quickly.  It’s almost her naptime…she already looks groggy,” the senator instructed.
Wally had to come in with me.  He held my hand, but turned to face the wall to give me some privacy.  I leaned against his back while he was making use of the facilities.  But, I covered my eyes.  Even though we didn’t have another option, it was still awkward for both of us.
“How are we going to pull this off?” I whispered.
“We just had our second bathroom date and survived without dying from embarrassment.  So, the rest should be a downhill, sweet roll…” he said, trying to sound convincing.
“I didn’t realize the ‘brain testing’ parameters when I got us into this.  How do I get the girls, but keep us from having to do this next, whatever it is?  How will you…”
“Stop…listen…” Wally ordered.
Three chiming bells sounded and the automated system made the announcement.
“Charters and guests, we are now entering the initial stage of Zoned Status.  Gentlemen, enjoy your evening of competitive auctioning.  May the most elite…be victorious…”
“I’ll figure out something…” Wally whispered, before the senator knocked on the bathroom door.
My mind was churning as I staggered back into the main seating area holding Wally’s hand.  I have to figure out some way to get us out of here and get the girls, too.
Then, the air in the room became…heavier.  My erratic and panicked thoughts slowed down to a snail’s crawl.  I started feeling cold and woozy.  My knees buckled and Wally pulled me backwards.  I’m fairly sure I performed a pirouette as he hoisted me into his arms and cradled my mostly limp self.  He was supporting my head like a newborn.
Five babies…
Don’t let…go…of g-mom’s…baby…bunny girl…
Random thoughts swirled and I couldn’t focus on anything.
Even as the rest of the world grew blurred and fuzzy, I could see Wally’s wide, frightened eyes.  He is helplessly watching me get pulled under.  “Wa…” is all I got out before my body committed mutiny.
The frigid darkness stole me away…leaving Wally Baxter to protect me…run a con job…and play the ruling, dueling-heads game…single-handedly.

-The End-
Double Fated (Book One)
###

Keep reading for a sneak peek at Fated Awakenings (Book Two)
The second installment in C.K. Mullinax’s spellbinding
…the Double Fated Series

All the books and characters of …the Double Fated Series are works of fiction.
Any resemblance to persons living or deceased is purely coincidental.

Acknowledgements

-The author gratefully acknowledges the following people-

You, the reader, for bravely facing the hidden unknown & journeying with me

My incredible and supportive husband, Jason (my main man hero) for sharing his time

My great friend and fellow adventurer, Jennifer Solesby for her incredible content editing

Explore all the exciting books of C. K. Mullinax’s epic fantasy adventures…
www.doublefated.com

Changes sweep across the emerging horizon
~EMBER’S EVOLUTION BEGINS~

It Begins…the Series
(formerly titled as Ember Series)

“There’s no way to prepare for this…”

Ember Rising Light (Book One)
Ember Shadow Fall (Book Two)
Ember Celestial Tempest (Book Three)
Ember Dark Destiny (Book Four)
Ember Guardian Essence (Book Five)
Ember Dawning Infinity (Book Six)
The former Ember Series is getting professionally edited & revised & then, reborn
It Begins…the Series

-The next epic journey awaits-

...the Double Fated Series

Double Fated (Book One)
Fated Awakenings (Book Two)
And still to come…
Fated Generations (Book Three)

-Take a peek behind the veil or boldly face the next adventure-
Fated Awakenings (Book Two)
…is now revealed

“The erratic, icy winds of dark fate arise, relentless…chasing away the familiar warmth of destiny’s breeze…leaving nothing for the soul beyond a cruel, chilling awakening…”

This cold is so frigid…bitter…ruthless…
My body is entombed…
I am being ravaged…by an Arctic prison.  The icy bars start from deep inside me somewhere.  My muscles refuse to react and help me break free.
Fading in and out of awareness, I struggled to remain lucid.
Still, even when I’m aware, I hear nothing but the howling wind…see nothing but total blackness.
Did I just fall into a void…a celestial black hole…am I even breathing?
Locked inside the icy grip of death, my body is being shuffled and repositioned.  I am barely able to inhale…teetering on the edge between survival and extinction.
Surrender to the insistent frozen grave…that is all I want to do…
But a sliver of warmth…pierces the glacial devastation…
The heat is no more than a candle’s flame caught in the midst of a blizzard.  Even though it is outmatched and overwhelmed, it refuses to be defeated.  There is still nothing but blackness…
The howling winds increase in speed, as the gentle heat diligently works to keep some of it away.
How can I feel its warmth, but not see its flame?
It felt like an eternity had come and gone before the internal, icy winds quieted down enough for me to hear the echoes.  Are those voices or rabid animals?
Broken pieces of their conversation were filtering through the ice-laden commotion.  They sound so far away.
“…sit in your lap…uncomfortable…straddle you the entire time,” the senator told Wally.
“…that’s the right button?” Wally asked, sometime later.
“…her knees…positioned to slide…take her…the crib…more comfortable…monitor the crib feed…the merchandise…pleasure…her…tight squeeze…suit yourself…one treated blanket.  Just follow the prompts on the touch screen.  I’ll let you watch me…” the senator said and Wally interrupted.
“Thanks, but no…collecting them for Sexy Bunny.  She’ll be furious when she wakes up and realizes that she didn’t get the thrill of purchasing her own petting zoo…” my bodyguard stated with a nervous edge in his voice.
“She won’t even know she’s been asleep.  I know this isn’t P.C. when they’re awake.  But, in here females are considered property of their escort.  You can do anything you want to her and she’ll never know it.  You still have time to put her in the crib.  Your merchandise gets delivered to it, too.  The crib has a voice override feature so any of us can issue commands.  The pets will follow instructions and so will your property.  If it’s Junior you’re worried about, you can turn off his feed…” he revealed.
“My Sexy Bunny stays on my person – non-negotiable,” Wally told him.
“The chair’s interactive feature will disengage with her being available.  You’ll be missing out on a…”
“I’ll have other times to experience whatever that interactive recliner offers.  But, I’m here for her pleasure this time.  She’s the reason I came.  Besides, what good does having her pets do something to please her in a crib if she’s cold and unconscious?  She won’t remember…that’s what you said.  So, she won’t know she’s on the receiving end of anything.”
“I wish I could convince you, but you’re in complete control of her.  Lyle told me on the phone that she was his guest and escort.  When did that change?”
“It didn’t…you’re kid’s an idiot.  Bunny’s always been with me,” Wally told him, matter-of-factly.
Lyle would have been in control of me if he had escorted me inside!
“We have about twenty minutes before the auction begins.  You need to make sure she’s positioned leaning forward and facing you.  Besides the obvious need for her to be in that position, she can choke on her own saliva.  She can’t sit facing out because she can’t lean against the interface.
“The recliner has built-in rests for her knees that can open or close her legs – giving you, your preference.  That reminds me, if you have to get up to relieve yourself, you’ll have to slide out from underneath her.  You can safely remove your interface and, as long as her face is buried in your chair, she’ll be okay.  Remember though, if you get up the auction goes black for everyone until you activate your chair again.  We’ll have a few intermissions to stretch.
“Oh, don’t let her arms hang over the edges.  The area outside of your personal space is toxic to females not employed by SizZle.  I don’t know what toxin they use, but it works fast and can be absorbed through her skin.
“Speaking of her skin, I know it feels cold to the touch.  But, the appropriate areas of her body will heat while in use.  Her…” the senator tried to say, but Wally swiftly interrupted.
“I’ll figure it out through practice!  You said something about a treated blanket?”
“I have one.  You can’t order it until the auction officially begins.  The icon will light up, right here,” the senator stated.
“So, I can wrap her in it…”
“Well no…not really.  It will drape over her since she’s on top of you.  She has to stay plastered to your chest.  Remember, one whiff of the air outside of your limited space and she dies.  The blanket provides the club’s only external privacy barrier.  Once the auction begins, others can feed your cam live to their interactive and watch what you’re doing.  I had that blanket stocked when I bought this suite.  No one has ever asked to use it.  Part of the fun is being a voyeur, if you’re not engaging in a fantasy.
“Only other elite suite holders’ can tap into your feed and the one in the crib.  Let’s take a look and see how many people you’ll be disappointing by using that blanket to cover up with.  Well, what do you know??  Every suite has been cued to watch my crib feed!  That’s over sixty Charters and who knows how many guests…” he declared, sounding both elated and disappointed.
“So, these business meetings you have in here are not private sessions??” Wally asked.
“Suite owners can watch what we’re doing.  But, eavesdropping is and has always been prohibited.  The beasts of labor would be tempted because they aren’t allowed to view the show.  They have to be provided voice access to the suites for maintenance issues, instructions and orders.  The Charters would miss out on something if the camera feeds had audio.  You’ll see what I mean once things get underway.  I can’t even hear you when the interface activates and the enclosure wraps around.
“Now, all we have left to go over is the auction.  Merchandise is typically displayed one-by-one.  If you like what you see, tag the Interest Icon.  The bidding starts after a two minute viewing.  Auctions move rapidly, but take a long time to gavel out to the victor.  Most Charters have one preference and they will attempt to outbid any others.  It’s fierce and sometimes gets brutal…especially if the suite holders’ show a lack of interest and the gallery gutter rats get involved.  If someone gets killed in the pit, the auction reverts back to the last bidder and it resumes until someone wins.
“If you see a pet you want to give her, activate the Interest Icon and bid.  Our winnings get delivered to the crib, instantly.  I typically feed the crib cam and give her some instructions.  But tonight, you’re at the helm.  The crib belongs to you and your commands.
“SizZle Sunday’s have been more spirited since management decided to employee co-eds.  They used to get their livestock through professional escorts.  Too many regs and restrictions involved.  The new co-ed livestock has only been with us the last couple of months.  We’ve lost a few head, but the majority is still wrangled and grazing.
“It looks like we have a few that have never been displayed…” the senator revealed, evidently looking at something.
“I can’t tell how many are being auctioned…” Wally said.
“New show stock…four heads…and this…hold on, I’ll look in one more place…fifteen.  The pool is growing!  That’s an unexpected thrill.
“See these new ones…they’re the prize-winning head.  Win the bid on any of those lends, tonight and you’re guaranteed protection while you’re slumming in the gallery.  Every man will want to be your friend if you can afford a blue-ribbon…” the senator stated, proudly.
“Does this party mansion take plastic?” Wally inquired.
“Certainly…for purchasing…cash only for deposits.  I’ve already taken care of…” the senator responded.
“I’ve never lost a bid!  Here’s my platinum and a clip of cash…use them instead,” he told the senator, tossing him the money to buy the girls.
“This is way too much for the deposit…” he informed us.
“No it’s not.  Tell whoever’s writing the receipt to keep the change.  It never hurts to pad the pockets of the cashier…can’t ever tell when you might need a little something-something from the peon grinding at the switch.  I thought a man like you would know that already…” Wally offered, cleverly.
“This is your money, Doc.  I always tip the staff 50%,” he stated, smugly.
It sounded like the senator deposited the cash into a drawer and swiped the credit card into a reader.
“See, all taken care of.  The Harring men are at your service.  Anything you need…anything,” the senator said.
“What’s the red-line zombie experience?” Wally inquired.
“It’s a very realistic interactive.  That warning is posted because it gave a Charter a heart attack.  If you select that experience you can’t keep her on your lap or bid, because you won’t be able to do anything else,” the senator told Wally.
“Sounds like the perfect night’s event for Floor Boy.  Get up, IL M. TB!  And, take a seat…” Wally told Lyle.
“He should use the john…” the senator stated.
“Nah, he’ll like it better the other way.  Right, Little Man?”
“Yeah, thrilled…” he replied, sarcastically.
“Junior, curtail the attitude…what’s wrong with you?  We’re never rude to our paying guests,” his dad admonished and I think I heard his dad hit him.
“He’s cranky.  I’ll give him a hands-on adjustment later and he’ll be good as new,” Wally said for him.
“Alright Doc, let’s get you settled in…” the senator said.
Wally had been holding me with my head against his shoulder.  He sat down carefully, but my head slid into the crook of his arm.  I suddenly, found myself choking with no way to do anything about it!
“Don’t touch her!” Wally exclaimed.
“But, she’s choking!” the senator shouted.
Wally basically jostled my body and I ended up in another awkward pose.  Although I wasn’t choking on my own spit anymore, I couldn’t breathe in this position either.  I couldn’t do or say anything to alert them of the problem.  Wally somehow figured out that I was in peril because he immediately corrected my posture.  Once again, I could inhale freely.
“She has to remain upright.  Her upper body has to stay pressed against your chest, shoulder or into the back of your chair.  It will be easier when you’re kicked back in the recliner.  Legs straddling you…that’s the only way to keep her airway open.  Mind if I assist?”
“Yes, I mind!  Back away, give us some space and let me get her situated,” Wally ordered and he moved me into a position I have never been in before.
My knees were resting on either side of his hips.  Even with my clothes off, my body will stay pressed against him.  So no one can see me.  But how will Wally survive being in this position with a naked girl lying on top of him?  His head-versus-head battle just turned into a war.
“What about our clothes?  I know they have to be removed, but no one’s touching her except me.”
“They use a materialization process.  You select what goes and stays, once the interface is fully activated.  The clothes re-materialize once the auction concludes or vanish and get destroyed if you chose to keep them on.  Don’t forget to unbutton your fly or you will injure something sensitive.  And, you might better lift her mid-section up when the interface redresses you.  She won’t feel being caught in your zipper until she wakes up.  You said she’s going to be angry already.
“The shielding is clear, but no one can see your screen options but you.  All the interfaces will appear as holographic icons, except the auctioning bids.  The icons can occasionally experience a delay.  You activate the button used for entering bids on a manual switch.  That way everyone has a fair shot at winning.  During the bidding war things get intense.  Typically, I would say activate the bid switch on your left and use your right if you want to take care of yourself.  But, you have her for that…and, you will be tight on space.
“You want to win the lend on her pets.  So you might want to use your dominant hand to place the bids instead.  There is a self-guided practice tour.  Why don’t you close yourself inside and take it for a spin.  If you have any problems, I’ll leave mine open and you can pop your head out…” the senator stated.
They both did something because Lyle’s dad made a noise and Wally shifted my weight.  My right knee slid off its rest and my foot wound up falling off the side.
“No!” Wally exclaimed and he gently lifted my leg back into place.
“Welcome fine guest of Gold Star Charter Harring.  Please view the list and select the Familiarize Icon when you are ready to proceed…” the sensual computer voice prompted.
“Okay, it’s just you, me and this computerized phone sex voice, Bunny.  I’ve gotta work through this practice session.  I don’t want to slip-up and lose one.  I’m going to keep hitting this auction button, repeatedly.
“I know you’re passed out and can’t hear me.  But, I always talk things through when I’m nervous.  I do it on the field before every play.  So, you’ll have to bear with me…I wish I could wake you up…” he stated and began his tutorial.
The system didn’t offer any more verbal instructions.  Wally moved and I heard what sounded like a slot machine payout.  He moved again and a foghorn sounded.  He kept making noises and mumbling things like…that’s nuts…whoa, that’s twisted…you should see this…I’m glad you’re not awake, talk about embarrassing.
Everything seemed alright until the system indicated “Chair Experience “O”…”
My private area began warming from the system’s generated heat.  Wally’s did too, but his wasn’t from a system.
“Quit it…” Wally shouted.
“Experience “O” has been terminated by the user…” the sensual voice informed us.
“Alright Bunny, I know you’re not technically here…but, I’ve got to talk to you like you’re listening.  I really love my tiny brain and don’t want Little G. to decapitate it.  So, I’ve got to distract myself while I’m Iconing in this recliner of sex-and-death.  I’ll push the shapes and you just lie against me and listen…
“Whoa Baxter, you’re losing your mind.  Talking to a comatose Bunny…
“Let’s see I’m going to tell you about my mom.  She’s an artist…dabbles in lots of mediums, but she earns a living as a painter.  Her name is Moody Wise.  But, I typically call her M&M, short for Moody Momma.  I dubbed her Moody Momma because she’s always torturing herself over something trivial.  This stroke is wrong…that color’s not mixed right.  Ya’ know, she’s her own worst critic – even when she sells her paintings for thousands.
“Well, the M&M title evolved, naturally too.  She loves candy…chocolate, in particular.  She used M&M’s to teach me some of life’s most valuable things.  Let’s see, she used them as a potty training reward…to teach me colors…shapes…3-D shapes…textures.
“I used them to teach her patience…ya’ know, how to survive and thrive through your baby boy’s terrible twos, coupled with early onset sugar rushes and a side of hyperactivity.  It took her about a week to catch on to the fact that I wasn’t actually doing anything in the potty other than using it as a crutch to get my candy fix.  Well occasionally I did use it, but I digress.
“Ooooo…this is my favorite M&M lesson…Moody Momma taught me how to wet them down…ya’ know, swirl them around in your mouth and spit them out.  Boys love doing that.  After they were sloppy wet, we would use them as emergency pigments…for all those…lack of crayon moments.
“I could keep going because M&M life skills’ lessons have taught me more than all my formal education ever has.  But, I’ll stop there…because you’re already bored into a coma.  Our happy, hippie tribal band has kept Mars candy in business.  And, at the rate the Baxters’ are growing, their workers are safe for years to come…
“It’s strange, but my M&M has this love/hate relationship with football.  I started playing when I was about six and I loved it.  She’s the one that took me to the Pop Warner sign-ups.  She scoped out every team and selected mine, based on its complimentary colors.  Then, she personally bought all the stuff, and demanded that everyone in my family go to my first game and watch me.  But, when the time came, she totally refused to let the coach put me in to play.  My dad had to literally pry her hands away from my arm.  She clapped, cheered, chanted and cried, with every move I made on the field.
“M&M never changes.  My family uprooted and moved to be near me when I decided to go away for college.  They call me their Brain-I-Ac Cub which would be hilarious with my C-minus average, but I suppose in a family of hippie-artists they feel it’s an accurate title.
“Now, back to Moody Momma…she only comes to see two games per season because she gets mad if someone sacks me.  Anger makes her aura turn black and that puts bad vibes into the world.  The two games she comes to make me the most nervous.  Even the Bowl game I won last year was like a day at the beach compared to her two-pass-limit visits – which by the way she already took one, the first game of this season.  And, she’s saving the next one for a rainy day.  Rainy days aren’t actually filled with rain from the sky.  She’s never defined her version of rainy days.  So don’t ask me how she chooses or when she’ll show up for her last one.
“Whether I win or lose doesn’t matter to M&M because according to her wisdom, the numbers are so unimportant that it isn’t worth the astral energy to look at them.  And, believe it when I say it, I don’t give a second thought to winning the games she comes to.  You heard that right!
“My M&M game day concerns are sacks, which I’ve already told you about and if she makes a beeline for the bench.  You won’t get this, because you’re a girl.  But, it’s hard for a dude to be jock-like-intimidating when your mommy is licking her thumb and wiping the black ‘make-up’ smudges from underneath my eyes.  Yes, you heard that right too.  M&M starts giving me grooming and cosmetics lessons right there on the sideline.
“You should know that’s why I followed Little G. and didn’t ask her any questions.  My M&M gets worse when I point out the obvious or object to her suggestions – like the time I tried to wiggle out of the grooming lecture and mentioned the other team had on more make-up than me.  She stomped over to them and said, “My Brain-I-Ac Cub, the one in the Baxter shirt, sent me over here to fix your faces…”
“That’s not a stretch, either.  As an artist, she has a flair for make-up application and isn’t afraid to use it…everywhere.  The other players got rewarded with symmetrical under-eye football makeup and a bag of…you guessed it…M&M’s.
“So…yikes, sorry didn’t mean to sling your body.  But, that Icon needs to be nuked…” Wally told me.
“The ‘Nuked’ Icon is not found.  Please indicate on the interface which Icon you are referring to…” sensual voice inquired.
“That one…hey, I know, let’s call her, Lola…shall we?” Wally asked.
“Are you referring to your breed-property, Lola or to me as, Lola?”
“You’re Lola…I’m Doc and she’s mine…”
“‘Mine’ is not available for stimulating conversation.  My parameters are set to specification.  Through your heart rate, I am able to ascertain Mine’s voice as your preference.  We can now engage in stimulating conversation using her vocal patterns or do you wish to proceed through Icon navigation?” Lola asked in my voice!
“Now that’s what I call first rate freaky…” Wally told Lola.
“Mine used a similar term in the security casing.  Would you like to have a simulated ‘freak in the box’…”
“What I’d like is a real suit of armor on me and a real chastity belt on her…” Wally stated.
“A holographic simulation can be superimposed…”
“Holographs don’t do anything for me, sorry Lola.  And, go back to using your computer voice because I’m having a hard enough time as it is…”
“You are not yet, fully har…
“Stop!  I don’t need any narration.  Just go back to the navigation…”
“Navigation resuming…”
“This tutorial is almost finished.  We’re looking at one twisted freak-fest and nothing’s really got started yet.  Well, not you…it’s me that’s going to be trying my best not to look at them, you or anything.  I’m going to leave on our underwear and pretend that it’s made of barbwire.  So, that’ll be something between us.
“God help me!  I pray that you don’t have on anything see-through…or lacy…or that says “Secret” on the label…not that I’ll be looking!  But, your bra is going to be showing and pressed against my bare chest…never mind.  I tell Lola to shut up and then, I launch into my own frustration narration…
“Please, oh please Bunny, be wearing boy shorts…no wait, those are so sexy on a girl…briefs…yeah, I need you to be wearing baggy briefs that come up to your waist with unicorn’s printed on them.  My little sister has a unicorn obsession…still does even at 19.
“Oh and, I need your bra to have printed unicorns too, along with a spring-loaded deathtrap.  And, maybe you can have a tattooed warning sign front or back, that says “Back Off or Lose the T.B., Q.B. – love, Little G”.
“I’m begging you not to be wearing anything under there, that I’ve ever seen before on any model or mannequin or in a catalogue or…” Wally said and would have kept on listing his wish list, but the senator interrupted his frantic train of thought.
“Everything okay in there?  I saw you talking…” he asked, sounding concerned.
“It’s…well, we’re noisy…I’m…she’s noisy…when Sexy Bunny and I are together… We’re noisy, together.  That scene outside was tame.  She’s always talking.  But, she’s so quiet and I’m used to commotion.  So, I’m having to make it, and all of it, for both of us, instead of just me or listenin’ to her make it.  Tell him, IL M. TB,” Wally stammered, crazily.
“Junior can’t hear you.  His zombie experience has already started.  See him shaking?”
“I hope it gets worse…”
“It will.  He’s just doing the tutorial navigation…”
“Crank up the terror and shock factor if you can…”
“Done…by the way, the interface has an upload of her voice and image.  It can replicate her…”
“I don’t want a replica!  I want her talking, using her own voice.  No computer can reproduce her thinking, read her mind or anticipate what I want…can it?”
Oh please Maker let him say no…
“It can…” 
We’re cooked!!!
“What do you mean by that??” Wally questioned, casually but his heart was pounding.
“The interface uses a technology that tracks her known behaviors and speech patterns.  It also measures your arousal levels and recreates her image based on those facts.  It takes very little information for the system to figure out which of her personality features that get you juiced.
“Her glass case, crowd inclusive, freak request, along with her Cairo mummy background story and your intense arousal, provides the interface with plenty enough information…” the senator revealed.
“I’m more into a live, warm body, talking girl experience.  So, I’ll just keep doing what I’m doing and the interface can keep being a robot or whatever she wants to be…as long as she’s not faking on my Sexy Bunny,” Wally offered.
“As long as you’re enjoying yourself...
“The auctioning will begin once every suite is locked and green coded.  I can see if you click the Interest Icon.  I’ll place bids and you can, too.  I’ve turned Junior’s to inactive.  That means you or I can bid in his stead.  Between three active lines, we should win at least once…”
“Lemme repeat…I’ve never lost a bid.  I’m here to please Bunny.  So, we better not lose anything I’m interested in acquiring or you’ll lose my interest, too.  Understand?”
“Perfectly!  So, no spending limits…none at all??”
“None at all…we outbid every suite owner, guest and rat in the building.  Only I know what my Sexy Bunny wants and she always gets her way…”
They might have done something or made a gesture, but that was the last thing they said to each other.  Then, the central computer made her announcement…
“Welcome gentlemen to Select Elite Sunday at Charter Club SizZle.  Article storage will commence in one minute.  Please be aware that seat activation authorizes destruction of valuables at the management’s discretion.  The user agrees to hold the establishment and affiliates harmless of any liability.
“The Bull Pen is operational and the live feed will go active at the auctioning bell.  Charters assume all responsibility for removal of a breeder stock from the Non-Lulling Blue Zone during breaks.  The suite holder further relinquishes Club SizZle from any injuries to property that might be damaged in the Bull Pen area.
“Storage procedures are now activated.  Please remain seated…”
“Hold on Bunny, here goes nothing…” Wally informed me, shivering from, what I can only imagine is restraint.
My shoes were the first thing to go.  Then, my shorts…my shirt…and my hair clip disappeared.  My hairspray is extra-hold, but it’s no match for gravity.  The curls were tickling my back and making my skin itch and crawl.  But, I couldn’t do anything to help myself or tell him it needed to be scratched.  Victoria no longer had a secret, but at least the sheer, lacy set of identical twin girls stayed in place.
Next, it was Wally’s turn.  His article storage was happening in reverse order.  His sunglasses, jacket, tie and shirt were stripped away.  His pants de-materialized and that’s when yet another storm-cloud rumbled, threatening to rain on my already soggy, ducky parade.
“NO!!!  Show me the Icons…” he shouted at Lola.
“Which Icon do you wish to access, Doc?  I am at your service…”
“The one that leaves my boxer briefs on my body!”
“Undergarments for gentlemen are strictly prohibited while the auction is underway.  Please advise me as to your wishes…”
“What are my staying dressed options???”
“You can wear your pants…leave the club…or check your property into the Bull Pen and remain with her…”
“Do any of those come with auctioning privileges??”
“Preventing your pants from being stored will not affect your auctioning privileges…”
“What, if anything, can I order to wear when the auction’s over and you destroy my pants??”
“Your pants are destroyed by another interface system beyond my control.  The suite’s registry indicates no articles of clothing are available for you to order and wear.  Items accessible to dress in, post-auction include your boxer briefs, shirt, sport coat, socks and Italian shoes.  Please advise me as to your wishes…”
“This is unbelievable!!  You can’t do anything with testosterone!!” he exclaimed.
“I am unsure how to grant your request.  Please restate it…”
“I’m talking to myself, Lola!  Go ahead and store my underwear…” Wally told her.
“Do you wish to have your pants…”
“No!  Just strip me and let’s get this over with…”
His underwear exited the seat.
All that’s left between me and Wally Baxter having a hallmark moment is my, nearly transparent, Victoria’s Non-Secret!  My parade just got rained out…
Another duck bites the dust, as the head-to-head war takes a nasty turn in the nuclear direction.

-The End-
Double Fated (Book One)
###

-The next thrilling, supernatural journey awaits-
-Brave that click and unveil the next shrouded fate-

Fated Awakenings (Book Two) on sale now!

Discover a thrilling and unknown destiny at
www.doublefated.com

All the books and characters of …the Double Fated Series are works of fiction.
Any resemblance to persons living or deceased is purely coincidental.


-Acknowledgements-

The author gratefully acknowledges the following people

You, the reader, for braving the epic journey & sharing in this fascinating adventure with me

My hero & husband, Jason for sharing your time so this series could come to life
Thank you for being my best friend
You mean the world to me

My wonderful friend, Jenn Solesby for being the fearless inaugural explorer & editing for me
Thank you!

Meet your fate and explore all the exciting epic fantasy adventures
by author C.K. Mullinax
-VISIT-
www.doublefated.com

...the Double Fated Series

Double Fated (Book One)
Fated Awakenings (Book Two)
And still to come…
Fated Generations (Book Three)


Changes sweep across the emerging horizon as
~EMBER’S EVOLUTION BEGINS~
The formerly entitled Ember Series professionally edited, re-mastered & then, reborn

It Begins…the Series

“There’s no way to prepare for this…”

Ember Rising Light (Book One)
Ember Shadow Fall (Book Two)
Ember Celestial Tempest (Book Three)
Ember Dark Destiny (Book Four)
Ember Guardian Essence (Book Five)
Ember Dawning Infinity (Book Six)

It Begins…the Series
The revamped adventure awaits
