Down the Red Path: Embark of Fate
Published by Daniella Bianca at Smashwords. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2016 Daniella Bianca
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold, or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1 – The Forest of Death
Chapter 2 – A Kingdom of Light and Dark
Chapter 3 – When the Past Meets the Present
Chapter 4 – A Meeting
Chapter 5 – In Pride and Honour
Chapter 6 – Destruction of Powers
Chapter 7 – Bonds to Strengthen
Chapter 8 – Prim and Proper
Chapter 9 – When Blood Calls
Chapter 10 – Sworn Upon a Boulder
Chapter 11 – A Step Closer
Chapter 12 – Stories to Be Shared
Chapter 13 – Duty or Will
Chapter 14 – The Wise and Old
Chapter 15 – Below the Ground
Chapter 16 – Mysteries Never Explained
Chapter 17 – The Floating Islands
Chapter 18 – The Aid of a Kingdom
Chapter 19 – Half and Impure
Chapter 20 – Stones Set in Stone
Chapter 21 – Song of Innocence
Chapter 22 – A Moment to Decide
Chapter 23 – A Stab in the Back
Chapter 24 – Respect is Earned
Chapter 25 – Time Does Not Wait
Chapter 26 – The Ox and Axe
Chapter 27 – From the Mountains
Chapter 28 – Two against Thousand
Chapter 29 – Knowledge is Power
Chapter 30 – Shame of Victory
Chapter 31 – Truth in a Box
Chapter 32 – Uproars of the World
Chapter 33 – Hint of Golden Wings
Chapter 34 – Life Withers
Chapter 35 – Against the World
Chapter 36 – A Cave in the Icy Mountains
Chapter 37 – Written in Sand
Chapter 38 – A Chance in a Million
Chapter 39 – A Story to Be a Tale
About Daniella Bianca
Connect with Daniella Bianca
Prologue
“Do you know the vibrant flaunt of red? Scarlet in the blood, roses among the flowers, and rubies in the jewels. Yet many overlook the red painted on the road. Perhaps they don’t see it, or perhaps they choose not to. Yet unconsciously, men will walk towards that road. After all, red is the colour of fate.”
The candles flickered relentlessly in the room, casting ominous shadows on the walls. The room was bare, with nothing but a simple wooden desk and chair. It was dark and quiet, no noise was made except the howling night wind that rattled the window pane. The man who sat in the chair made the atmosphere no lighter. He was an ageing man with a tall stature, his grey hair was combed neatly, showing his weary face. His beady eyes stared down at the piece of parchment placed on the desk, void of any emotions. He was an old man, awaiting his time to leave this world. He was frail, weak and seemed to be a mere skeleton. Yet this was not how he was before. He was a great man. Countless of times he had led armies into victory, he spilled blood in the battlefield, and he raised a Kingdom from dust. He was the second King of the Kingdom of Garador, King Damon the Victorious.
He sighed tiredly as he read the letter.
Dear Father,
The Kingdom of Wendor has fallen, we have returned in triumph. We have left nothing but ruins. Rejoice, Father! I as the new King is one step closer to unifying the land. I vow to you I shall bring peace to this land. Finally you will see the good fruit I will bear. I will complete what you have yearned.
Yours sincerely, 
King Ran
King Damon – though no longer a king – laid back slowly on his chair. The wood creaked ominously, the wind has gotten even fiercer, pounding harshly against the glass pane, as if they want to get in. Although the man showed miniscule movements and no expression, his mind was bombarded with worries. Probably those worries showed in his face as wrinkles instead. A fool… He thought bitterly. I never meant for him to turn out like this. He bawled his fist as he quivered with rage, or perhaps sadness. 
“What have I done wrong for him to be like this?” He muttered in defeat. “Peace… Not this way, this is wrong…”
The fall of Wendor has taken a turn for the worst. A new Great War has once again begun.

Chapter 1: The Forest of Death
The air was dense. It was heavy and cold. The trees were bare, with twisting branches that seemed like outstretched hands, seeking people to drag into the depths. The soil also seemed dead, it was muddy and black. A wrong step could send one down into the murky pits. The forest was damp and dark, at first it seems void of all life. Yet when listening carefully, the low humming of the crickets and the deep caws of the crows can be heard. Chills can be felt as if you are being watched. The creatures that lurked there are dangerous and unknown, always watching, stalking, and prowling as they eye their prey. This was a place no man should go, the Dead Woods.
Despite the advice that no man should be there, there were three. Three men plodded their way clumsily through the forest. They were clad in black, they moved slowly, cutting their way through the mesh of roots and branches. 
“It is inane to walk through here! I’d rather much go through the front gates of Garador itself!” The first man grumbled as he hacked down the branches that blocked his way, stumbling through the slippery and slimy mud.
“Hold your tongue, fool! Walking through the gates would give you nothing but a clean cut on your neck.” The second retorted, though it seems that he might rather agree with the man. Their invasion into Garador was grim. They could already feel the dreadful beasts preying on them. The third man shuddered as he tripped over and stared into a large pair of luminous yellow eyes. He blinked once and it was gone.
The three men continued wearily, unaware of the impending danger that awaited them. The screaming call of a bird -that only exists in those woods- sounded, it echoed within the hollow trees. It seemed to be crying ‘Away! Go Away!’
“No fear now! We near the walls.” The second one assured, though he himself seemed to be trembling. 
“No fear? Why, I’m shaking in my already soaked boots!” The first man retorted. He gasped outrageously as one of his legs sunk knee-deep into a hole.
“Oh, shut it! Man up will you?” The second one bit back.
“Ah, I need something to quench my thirst.” The first man whined.
They have not even stepped a foot into the Kingdom and already they had scratches all over them, made by those wicked branches and thorns. There were times that they had to trudge through knee-deep puddles, and feel unknown slimy creatures brush by their feet. The smell was nasty, worse than those of rotten eggs and fish. The first man swatted at the flies and insects all around him. The man muttered curses under his breath as he got rid of the insects feasting on his blood.
“You can have my pouch of water, yet it has only a few drops left.” The second sighed.
“Oh, that is barely sufficient, I am parched. I wouldn’t mind to have a bite to eat as well.” The first grumbled, also upset at his surroundings.
“Fool! Idiot! We are on a mission, not a picnic!” The second scolded. “If you are desperately in need of food and water, drink the mud and eat the beasts!”
The first one grunted unhappily, he stopped and took off his right boot. He grimaced as he saw the boot filled with mud and worms and all other dirt. He turned his shoe upside down and shook out the sticky mud. With no luck, however, a bunch full of the substance still stubbornly stick to the inside of the shoe. The man threw down the boot hopelessly, and put his foot back in.
“I say!” He exclaimed, “This has become more of a flower pot than a boot!”
It was difficult to keep their balance, for it was uneven ground. There were hidden pits and patches of soft mud. They had not dared to hold the trees or rocks for support, for it was much more terrifying. There were dangerous insects roaming everywhere in the trees, all one needs to do is to place a hand on a trunk, and he would get bitten by some savage creature. The third man, having his foot strike a rock, tripped and fell forward. He landed on his face, yet he was lucky that the mud was soft and cushioned his fall. When he got up, his whole front was a dirty brown. The two men walked on oblivious to his fall and continued arguing.
The third one trudged on wearily, barely listening to their banter. He was exhausted, cold and scared, wishing very badly to return back home. His mind wandered from where he currently was and was whisked away to the comforts of his home. Oh! How he missed the warmth of his candle-lit room, the comfort of his bed, and the satisfaction given by a steaming cup of coffee and butter on toast. He was abruptly snatched away from his dreamy imagination by a sudden noise.
The third one stopped abruptly, staring into the bushes that were being devoured by the shadows. He could no longer move. There was something. Whatever it was it had the intent to kill. The man knew very well that they were its prey. It was during that moment he saw the same pair of yellow eyes staring into his. Nothing was in its eyes except for hunger. It was hungry. It found prey. It would not let them slip past its claws. Fear coursed through his blood, he was going to die, then and there he saw himself being brutally killed and devoured.
The second man noticed as well. He whispered hastily, “Stop! Be still! Out with your blades.”
The beast hissed and narrowed its eyes dangerously. Its form could not be seen in the dark. It let out a deep growl, and it grew louder. The three men stood rooted, frozen in fear as sweat trickled down their face. Although the blades were griped tightly by their hands, it gave no assurance.
In a span of a moment, before the beast could pounce on them, it whined and whimpered. The yellow eyes disappeared, gone. It was no longer there. The terrifying beast seemed to have turned into a hunted mouse. Did it run? But what has it to run from? Though the beast had left their presence, they still felt as if they were being watched. They could feel the killing intent in the air, it seemed to feel like invisible cold hands pinning them in place and strangling them. It was difficult to breathe as they shivered in their spots.
The men started to regret coming here. Though going through the Dead Woods was the only way to enter the Kingdom as there were no walls that blocked them, it led to the poor district. It was where those who have not much food on their table live. It was situated far from the castle, yet it was the most feasible way to prevent getting caught. They had one task handed to them, to assassinate the King of Garador. At the thought of their task, the first man spat in distaste. How would only three men kill the King of such a large Kingdom? Let alone escape with their lives. It was obvious to him that they were being used and cast away by their King. 
Of course they could not turn back without completing the task, their own King would surely hang their heads up for display. He laughed to himself, so it is either to drown in water or burn in fire. The fear they have faced was close in making them run off without giving a single glance back. They continued to stone in their spots, their muscles tensed and their feet stood on edge.
The men listened carefully, silence. There was neither the humming of insects nor the caws of crows. The soft growls and hisses also ceased. Silence. Yet they were on alert. It was the calm before the storm. Their hairs stood upright as their senses heightened considerably. It got even colder, the smell of death lingered in the place. Something was still there, watching. It was not the beast from before, instead the observer petrified both their bodies and their hearts. Their hearts pulsed rapidly, they knew that this creature was stronger than the previous. It was closing in on them.
There was a sudden rustle from the branches. A black figure leaped out towards the third man. Before the other two could comprehend the situation, the black figure disappeared, and the man dropped to the ground, dead. It would be a horrid sight if they had the time and mind to examine the fallen man. The third man was given a deep cut at the throat, and bright red blood gushed out. Indeed it was a frightening sight, for he had not enough time to even raise his blade. His eyes were wide open in terror even after death. They needed time to think. However, time they have not. Again the black figure leaped, and the last thing that both of them saw was a blood-soaked blade.
The figure stood there, looking at the three men on the ground, no more life resided in them. The figure had a body of a human, and was also clothed in black garments. The blade held in the hand was a dagger dripping with blood. The face was also covered by a black mask, blending in with the night’s sky. Under the dim moonlight, he showed the terrifying image of an uncouth wild beast, yet it was with grace. The person hid away the blade, and the life of the Woods returned. The humming, cawing, growling and hissing returned. Yet no creature dared to venture near the three dead men and the killer.
In all honesty, their quick death was a blessing for them, for they had not worn any mask. And it was indeed foolish of them to enter an unknown forest without a mask. In the Dead Woods, every breath was poison, and poison they would inhale, until their faces melt and their body rot. It would be a slow and gruesome death indeed.
“Falcon” A voice called out to the assassin. A male, no more than eighteen summers stepped out. He had scruffy brown hair and he wore the same attire as the assassin. “Again you run ahead! Although great power you hold, a girl is still a girl.” He joked. 
“Norith, hush now! There are ears everywhere, be careful what you speak.” The person hushed. Unlike the boy, this person took no jokes and jests.
“The ears belong to none but the birds and beasts who know naught of human speech.” Norith grinned.
“You can never be so sure.” She said.
“So, who are they?” Norith pointed to the three men.
“I know naught, they have nothing on them. I expect they would not say a word either.” She replied.
“I see.”
Both of them belonged to the Defence Force of the Kingdom of Garador, and they were responsible for eliminating any trespassers. This was to say that they were the strongest of the entire Defence Force, being the most essential for the Kingdom. If they were not called to missions, they were usually tasked to patrol around the walls of Garador.
 The boy is known as Norith Grimdon, a Werewolf. As he please, he can transform into a vicious, muscular beast that stands on its hind legs. As a young orphan he was taken in by the Defence Force of Garador, learning how to fight, and sharpening his skills in the spear. It was certainly unusual, for Werewolves were exiled after the Great War. Back then when he was taken in, he was wild. He showed no consciousness and would attempt to kill anything around him. His dark brown eyes were ridden with madness and all he would think about was how to survive. As he grew up and learnt of the exile of his people, he became more enraged.  It remains a mystery how he had changed, he seemed even more sociable than his partner, the man- no, the girl –that mercilessly slaughtered the three men. Both of them worked as spies under the ruler of Garador, partly due to the fact that they had no alternative path to tread. For years they have lied, fought and killed for the benefit of the kingdom.
The girl, age of seemingly seventeen summers, is known as Fallonye. Her parents were unknown, her origin was unknown, even her species was unknown to the Defence Force. She was brought in at same time as Norith. Yet unlike the wolf, who became playful and jesting, she had not changed at all. She was cold, uncaring, merciless or anything by that manner. Her dark purple hair- almost black – was short. In addition, her flat chest made her seem like a lad. She had that same colour of eyes that turned to green in battle. Her nails grew to claws, her teeth sharpened, and black, engulfing wings sprouted from her back. In that form she undoubtedly looked like a dangerous beast. No, she is a beast. And what a beast she is!
Fallonye, Dragon of the Moon.
Chapter 2: A Kingdom of Light and Dark
It was time for their return, the King awaited their report. This was not the first time that spies have tried to invade through the Dead Woods, for it was the only blind spot in the impenetrable defence of Garador. The Kingdom was enclosed by two layers of towering brick walls. They were impossible to climb, for the staggering height and the countless guards proved it to be too much of a challenge. It was only in the Dead Woods the wall was not present, it connected the inside to the outside. Yet many have not dared to set foot in these woods, for it was much too terrifying. 
With the tensions between the Kingdoms increasing, enemy kingdoms were driven by desperation. They utilized whatever methods they can to obtain information. This accounted for the increasing number of spies trying to invade Garador by venturing through the woods. It was not surprising however, for the lives of spies were not cherished by the rulers. They were mere tools that the kings use, tossed away when they have no more use.
Fallonye despised this treatment, yet had no right to oppose. She knew that the benefits of a kingdom can never be achieved without sacrifices, it was naïve to believe otherwise, especially if the land was thrown into a war. Fallonye shook her head, discarding her thoughts. Who was she to say that? She was no different, she has killed countless of people herself. She glanced over at the three corpses. There was already a foul stench leaking from them. The smell of death and decay filled her nose, it was even made stronger due to her sharpened senses. The Dead Woods indeed lives up to its name, an hour has not passed and already the corpses decay. The bodies turned an ugly green and slowly they started to melt and disintegrate. By the end of the day they would surely become fertilizer for the ground. Not even a single bone would remain.
“Norith.” She called, “Time is calling, we must return. Have we anymore intruders?”
“None so far.”
“Let us go then.”
“Alright.” He replied.
They travelled through the forest to go back, yet they did not tread on the ground as the three men did. Instead, they climbed up the trees and jumped from branch to branch. That way, they were free from most of the mud and grime. As they grew closer to the end of the woods, they could see a bright light that pierced through the thick foliage. Soon enough, they exited the woods. The heavy and dense atmosphere has lifted. Their breathing seemed to have stabilized. They walked further on, and the woods became smaller behind them. Norith looked backed, seeing a smudge of the horrors behind them.
“Countless times I have seen it, yet the woods still send chills down my spine, it is surrounded by such a frightening atmosphere.” He commented.
“Certainly it has, yet not a soul knows why.” Fallonye agreed.
They neared the gates. It was immense. Large, heavy iron doors greeted them, yet it was only used when armies were deployed. On both sides of the monstrous doors were smaller iron doors. At most, two men on horses can go through at a time. There were guards stationed everywhere, making the gates even more so intimidating. As Norith and Fallonye were spotted, the guards saluted them and opened the doors. Behind the doors displayed a magnificent view of the rich district, where the nobility reside. Large, elegant houses lined along the spotless stone-paved pathway, with gardens decorated with ornaments and furniture. The paths were free of dirt, the grass was evenly trimmed. Flowers were arranged in the most beautiful and extravagant of manner. The ponds were crystal clean, and the air was fresh and crisp. It was a vibrant place, where women sat together at the garden table and gossiped, sipping their tea every now and then. The children, clothed with the finest garments, played merrily in the grass. It was a haven. It displayed wealth.
Fallonye did not really like to linger long in this place, it was too uptight for her preference. To many, they may have found this district to be perfect. Yet perfect was a suspicious word. Fallonye knew, under those smiling faces lie a glint of corruption. 
Beside the rich district ran the Ghonzen River. The river separated the Kingdom of Wendor from the Kingdom of Garador in the past. After Garador had conquered Wendor, a large stone bridge was built. The Ghonzen River ran across the mainland, dividing the Kingdoms of Damados and Wendor in the West from the other Kingdoms. The river was very wide, requiring at least an hour ride by paddleboat. It took numerous years to build the bridge. Eventually, Garador claimed the land of Wendor. Now, the land of Wendor is being used for farming.
The grand splendour of the rich district did an excellent job of sweeping away the dirt under the mat. It hid away the shame of the poor district. The poor district was situated near The Dead Woods, and far away from the castle. There, were the slums and the homeless. A place where food was stale and water was dirty. Often, orphaned children ran around begging or stealing. The people did not eat much, neither did the animals. Neither peddlers nor traveller would pass by that area due to its isolation. It was hidden away and discarded. The truth of Garador has always irked Fallonye, yet naught she could do about. It was not time. Not yet.
Garador was divided into three districts, the poor, middle, and rich districts. They are further divided into segments, which are areas of land within the districts. There are a total of twelve segments, each segment governed by a duke. Of course, the poor district was not included. It was not under any duke, and thus considered a cast away from the Kingdom.
The castle came in sight, the houses in the rich district paled in comparison to the grand structure. It was built with stone bricks and banners displaying the royal family crest hung all around. The crest showed the image of a mighty armoured horse, rejoicing in victory of battle. Certainly a perfect image that complimented the splendour of the castle. Indeed it was a castle that have survived many battles, it has not been tarnished by defeat.
The castle ground was teeming with guards, ensuring upmost protection. It was a shame that the money was unnecessarily spent on the castle’s safety instead of improving the condition of the poor district. Was the safety of the castle indeed more important than the welfare of the people? Fallonye wanted to change the kingdom, yet what could a single girl do? The world has become twisted, farther from peace than ever before. 
They walked along a wide corridor, with a red long carpet running along it. On the walls hung various sizes of paintings. Stands lined against the walls, with unique statues and pottery displayed on them. Soon enough, they reached the two large doors. 
The grand, wooden doors to the throne roomed opened. The room was majestic. Gold plated pillars lined the corridor. A large red carpet embroidered with golden threads led to the throne. The large chandelier, made of gold and silver, hung from the ceiling, giving a grand but dim lighting to the room. Banners hung from the pillars as numerous as leaves hung from trees. The pillars were further decorated with small ornaments. The throne was no different. It sat at the end of the corridor, up the marble steps, it was the golden egg in a basket. It was made out of pure gold. The armchairs were carved in the shape of the head of the horse. It was cushioned with luxurious red cushions. Large polished jewels, rubies, sapphires and even diamonds rested upon the throne. It was a great sight to behold.
The man who sat in the throne held the same splendour. A man of age fifty. He was cloaked in the finest ermine cloak. His clothes were free from imperfections. His large crown rested upon his head, full of emeralds. Fine jewellery dripped from his body. Rings of many jewels and of many sizes were worn by his fingers. Overall, the man displayed excellence and wealth unrivalled by any. It was the king of Garador, King Ran the Magnificent. Beside him stood the king’s Chancellor, Jabis of Lanure. Jabis was a middle-aged, plump man with a slight balding problem. Finally, on the King’s left sat Prince Leyn. He was a quiet man of twenty summers, with brown hair and eyes.
Fallonye and Norith bowed, yet not out of respect, but as a custom.
“Your Majesty.” They greeted in union.
“You may rise.” The King ordered. “I await your results.”
Both of them rose from their positions, the place was much too grand, the atmosphere suffocated them. 
“Your Majesty, the invaders have been silenced, their origins were not found.” Fallonye reported.
“Excellent! Though a shame it is that we know not of their origins.” The King praised. Yet he saw their tense faces, they had more to say. 
“Speak your mind Falcon, what is it you have to say?” The King asked.
Falcon was a name given to Fallonye, her real identity must not be known to others. She was vital in the kingdom’s success. Besides, it was more convenient that way, she could easily disguise herself in both genders. She was one of their most powerful tools. Hence the need of secrecy.
“With all due respect, Your Majesty. I wish to seek a request.” She started, her voice betraying no emotion.
“Continue”
“If I may be so bold, the Dead Woods has become a dent in the shield. As more invaders try to enter the kingdom from there, I fear that one day they may slip past our watch.” She explained, getting worried for changes in the King’s expression.
“What be your point, young Knight?”
“I request for walls to be built in the Dead Woods, and guards to be stationed there. For it is of much importance in preventing an infiltration.”
The king sighed deeply, he furrowed his eyebrows and closed his eyes. He seemed to be thinking deeply. His eyes slowly opened again, yet his face looked sullen.
“I am afraid that it is a request I cannot fulfil. The woods are too dangerous for a wall to be built. Furthermore it is a waste of funds.” He replied, having no interest to fulfil this request. 
Have you not a thought for the people? In danger you shall leave them! Fallonye thought bitterly.
“I would like to volunteer myself. I can supervise the progress, protect the builders from harm.” Fallonye pleaded. It was difficult to persuade him.
“Enough. I cannot agree to that. Leave my presence!” The king demanded. He had a short temper, easy to anger. Fallonye relented, it was of no use to pry any further. The 
King was as stubborn as a nail, and once angered, he would not relent. She motioned Norith, both of them bowed and exited the chamber. 
“He is a difficult man.” Norith sighed dejectedly.
“He is a fool, to prioritize wealth over the safety of his people.” Fallonye said.
“To him the poor have no value.”
“That thinking would lead this kingdom into ruins, his people, wealthy or poor, hold equal importance.” 
“True it is.” Norith agreed.
“Shall we proceed to the dining room? I am famished.” Norith asked.
“Let us proceed then.” She agreed.
They went to the dining room, not far from the throne room. They sat at the long dining table, which was ghostly empty with many vacant chairs. The maids scurried about to tell the cooks to prepare a meal. Almost immediately, Norith and Fallonye could hear the sizzling and searing of the pan and the chopping of ingredients. It was not long before, the maids served them their meal. The main dish was a lean cut of beef with a thick brown sauce drizzled on top. There were different vegetables on the side cooked in oil and salt. They were served a bowl of warm cream soup and a small loaf of freshly baked bread. There was also a jug of juice to quench their thirst. They quickly ate the food, got up and left. 
Their footsteps echoed along the long dimly-lit corridor. It led to their quarters. For they had no home, they resided in the castle. There was not a soul in sight. The candles flickered. The doors were all closed. It felt empty and hollow. The corridor was lined with vases and statues that were used as decoration. Pictures hung on the wall, painted by the most famous artists. Yet for some reason the paintings never came alive, well, not in this corridor. Most rooms were vacant, save for a few. Hardly anyone lived here, they had no reason to. Why stay isolated from their family?
They walked a bit further, before stopping in front of a door.
“I shall retreat to my quarters, or shall I be a gentleman and lead you to your room?” Norith smirked.
“I am fine by myself.” Fallonye replied.
Norith shook his head and smiled sadly. She was always serious, even though they had been together for so long, she had never opened up to him completely. Yet he had. She was the only support he had, and long ago he already had given his heart to her. To the serious, cold, yet kind girl. Yes, she was a Dragon, they were never meant to be. One day she would have to fulfil her duty as a Dragon, it would be the end of their story. He kept his feelings to himself, he did not want to burden her, and she already had too much to bear.
Being by her side is enough, it is a blessing for a lowly creature like me. Dragons in the sky, have mercy. Let time stop, just a little longer…
Chapter 3: When the Past Meets the Present
Before Fallonye entered her quarters, she saw Prince Leyn outside her door, leaning against the wall. He had a tired look on his face.
“Your Highness.” Fallonye greeted.
“Forgive me for interrupting your night.” He said.
“It is not a problem. What is it that you need?” She asked.
“I know of your disapproval towards the King, and of your efforts to help the people.” He began.
“Do you plan to tell him?” Fallonye knew she could stir trouble by disrespecting the Prince, yet she asked anyway.
“Nay. Believe me. I, too, am finding a way. I promise you when I become King, I will change this land.” He said solemnly.
“You plan to betray the King?” She asked.
His eyes widened, “No! Nay! He is my father after all…I will take over the crown in a few years. Only then would I be able to change everything and amend my father’s mistakes.”
“I believe your sincerity, yet that is no reason to stop my actions.”
“If you could lie low for a few more years, all we need to do is wait.” He said.
“A few years of waiting means naught to me. But for some people, it may be too late for them. Waiting takes too long.” She said before she excused herself.
The night dragged on, and silence could be heard. Only the soft hooting of the owls broke the silence. Fallonye looked out her window, the Kingdom was cloaked in darkness, no lights illuminated from the houses. The vibrant noise from the afternoon has ceased, and not a single person walk the paths. It was quiet and serene, only small tureks – black, winged, rat-like creatures - roamed around, scavenging for food. They had long, bony thin limbs and large, blood-red eyes. They were well known as nightmares of the night. They scratch at the window panes, and the person would awake to find terrifying red eyes staring at them. Fortunately, tureks were too small to do any harm.
She took a glance at the moon. It was large and round, the moonlight shone upon the kingdom. She was the Dragon of the Moon, and she was connected to the moon. Tonight, the moon was pulsing, something was going to happen soon. Yet she could not predict what would happen. Her senses sharpened, the Dragon blood boiled in her veins. Something was coming.
She expected it. The moment she had woken up from her two hundred year slumber, she knew she had a purpose to fulfil. She was born long ago, just before the fall of the Dragons. At the time of her birth, she was hidden away, only to awaken in the hollow of a tree. Although she have lived for two centuries, she opened her eyes for the first time. Everything she saw was new. She was just a new-born baby who never grew for centuries. Only when she awoke did her body grow normally. That is the reason why the Kingdom thought that she was a normal, abandoned baby.
The first Dragon, Uxlor, was said to have created the land. His descendants created the elements. The Dragon of Flame, Ice, Water, Earth and Lightning were the first Dragons after Uxlor. A few decades later, Uxlor disappeared, and he became a legend. Over time the land shaped, it was inhabited by many species. The peaceful times reigned for a long time, for the Dragons were blessed with eternal life. However, the Dragons became arrogant. They have rid any that threaten their rule. They got even greedier, with the assumption that they could not be overthrown. 
They believed they were Gods.
No, they were not Gods, they were Dragons, beasts, like any other species - Fallonye would say. The taxes raised and the cries of the people were not heard. The people got restless, unsatisfied with the ruling power. 
It was not long before the people started to rebel. Yet their signs of peaceful protests were taken harshly by the Dragons. The leaders of the protests were captured and executed in public. The people seethed in silent, oppressed anger. Unable to act under the supervision of the Dragons, they started to build an opposition force right under the Dragons’ noses. The Dragons were ignorant of it, and that allowed the opposition to grow. The humans took charge, leading the army. Werewolves, dwarves, shapeshifters and humans joined the opposition. Only the elves, who pledged loyalty to the Dragons, did not. 
For ten years the army continued to grow, until it was time for the opposition to strike. In hundreds of thousands in numbers, the army was deployed. The opposition was led by a man later known as King Gilquot the Ferocious. The army progressed relentlessly, like an unstoppable raging wave. Their oppressed anger has been unleashed upon the land. They ventured to the Mountain of End, where the Dragons resided. The mountain was steep, with edges of cliffs. Yet the opposition was prepared. They climbed with ropes, and the shapeshifters used their claws and agility. As the Dragons saw the invading army, they grew furious, and they breathed fire upon the cliffs as they climbed. Arrows rained down upon the army. The Mountain of End looked like an erupting volcano, with tongues of fire raging down the slopes. However, the army countered the barrage of fire and arrows. Those with the ability of flight held shields as they flew above the climbing soldiers, dispersing the fire and arrows. Hence, much harm did not reach the climbing army. Some of the Dragons flew down, ripping and tearing apart the soldiers, yet were interfered by those who could fly. 
After hours, the army reached the top. The bloody and fiery battle has begun. The clang of swords rang throughout the battlefield. The shouts of men, growls of beasts and the whirl of arrows can be heard. Countless of dead bodies, soaked in blood, lied everywhere in piles, some of which burned in the flames. The ground was stained blood red and was licked in fire of different shades. The place was the death grounds.
The Dragons were indeed powerful, yet they were too few in number. Although Fallonye did not approve of their actions, she did admire their strength and bravery. There were many brave Dragons who fought till their last, although they knew they were vastly outnumbered. Some have even taken on a hundred men. The elves that aided them were also outnumbered by the vast numbers of the opposing forces. The Dragons were forced back, forcing them to retreat to their castle. The army set up catapults, sending hails of boulders that crumbled the base. The castle was quickly overrun. The Dragons were losing, it was only little time before the battle concluded. 
The elves feared for the lives of their people. After realising that they were about to lose, they retreated. The elves escaped the battlefield and left behind naught but a trail of wind. The Dragons were desperate, they surrendered for the outcome of the war was clear. Yet they were not spared. The humans feared that the Dragons may rise again, to lash out their revenge upon the opposition. Men, women and children were mercilessly slaughtered, putting the Dragons to extinction.
Fallonye’s mother, whose name was not known, managed to escape the battlefield of death. She was trapped in a room, terrified as she could hear the dreadful stomping of feet outside the door. It would only be a matter of time before they would find her. She feared not for her life, but that of the tiny baby held in her arms. There was no window in that room, so she could not escape. She was together with her servant, and they both shivered in the corner of the room. It was only a few minutes before there was muffled muttering outside the door. A bang startled the two women, who realised that the men were trying to barge their way in the room. The servant was terrified, yet so brave.
“Milady, hide in the wardrobe with your baby. Quickly! I shall fool them.” The servant whispered urgently.
“Nay, how can I leave you?”
“Milady, we have no time!” The servant grabbed her mistress’ hands. The servant’s hand was shaking and sweating, yet firm.
“I am fine, for I have sinned many times, but this baby has not. The baby is innocent, it shan’t deserve death! Hide now, Milady!” The servant pleaded.
The mother hugged the servant, and they both cried for that short moment. The servant then tearfully pushed her away, ushering her to hide in the wardrobe. Inside the wardrobe the mother could hear the door being broken down and people storming in the room. Although it was muffled, she could hear her servant.
“Vile men, the Divine Dragon shall punish you for your grave sins!” The servant spat.
The servant riled up a ruckus, and by the time the men took her away, they had forgotten to rummage through the room. The mother let out a held breath as the shuffling of feet grew softer. Tears would not stop flowing, but she needed to move on. She waited till there was not a sign of movement, before peeking through the wardrobe door. As quickly as she could, she sprinted out of the room and to the nearest window. She opened the window and leaped out.
She sprouted her wings and flew, far away as possible from the bloody grounds. Of course she could not escape unscathed. People had spotted her, and they fired their arrows relentlessly. They had hit their mark. She held the new-born securely in her arms, bearing the pain. The baby was cloaked in a white shawl, stained in red. Only the baby’s purplish-black hair could be seen. Luckily, the enemies had lost sight of her, and the mother managed to reach the other end of the land, into a forest. She landed unstably, for her wounds were severe. Numerous arrow wounds were present as she bled profusely. Blood gushed out of her wounds. 
She hid the baby away in the hollow of a tree. She placed an amulet, which was made of gold, shaped in a coiled dragon. In the middle was the head of the dragon, the forehead had a small red jewel imbedded in it. She chanted, “Oh Divine Uxlor! Creator of our time! Have mercy! Protect this child from danger. Let her fall in slumber until the time is right!” The baby giggled and coughed, it was so innocent and pure. It knew not of war nor the taint on this land. The mother gently held the baby’s hand. It is so small… Tears ran down her cheeks, she looked at the child with sorrow. 
She whispered weakly in an ancient tongue, “Ah…Yurei…Dragon of the Moon. Ayes cere via, nara de etei.” Blood kept gushing out, she knew that her time to leave was coming soon. She kissed the baby softly on the forehead, before staggering out of the hollow. She used her last strength, getting far away as she could from the child. Danger must not befall on her, she was free from the horrors of the world. She flew to a murky swamp, shrouded heavily in mist. She landed there, her wings dispersed. Her vision blurred and blackened, and her body would not listen. She could no longer move. Her heartbeat grew slower and softer, until eventually, it was gone. After three years, a small, insignificant sapling grew where she died. Yet it grew large, larger than every tree in the swamp. A tree of dark oak wood, with leaves of white and silver which emitted a light of its own. It is now known as the Living Tree of the Airend swamp.
After the fall of the Dragons, the opposition rejoiced and celebrated. The days were joyful, but that did not last. There was a debate on who should claim the throne of Zerelia. King Gilquot declared that he shall claim the throne, for he was the one who led them to their victory. The other races were unhappy with a human on the throne, yet stayed quiet. After a few months of King Gilquot’s rule, he did something that shattered the tolerance of the people. He was afraid that the Werewolves, who were the majority of the shapeshifters, would take over the throne.
On that day he sent out a new law: All Werewolves were to be exiled to the Outcast Lands. The dam broke loose. The people started to fight each other, causing a split between the lands. King Gilquot was overthrown and Zerelia was divided into six Kingdoms. The Kingdom of Garador, which was given to King Archen the Fool – he was named that after he had passed on the crown to King Damon. The Kingdom of Damados, which was given to King Togeth the Vain. The Kingdom of Wendor, which was given to King Caden the Kind. The Kingdom of Tothem, which was given to King Pevon the Adventurous. The Kingdom of Linthas, which was given to King Nedhir the Peaceful. The Kingdom of Sorudal, which was given to King Kureth the Ruthless. The Kings were of different races, and the majority of a race would stay in a certain Kingdom. The Werewolves were saved from exile, but only for a while.
Fallonye woke up two centuries later, she knew nothing of the details, and no one told her what action to take. Yet she already knew her purpose. The ancestors thirst for revenge, and to claim their lost Kingdom. The Dragon blood inside her would not rest until the Dragons were in rule again. Fallonye did not reflect much on that duty, for she already knew that her fate was sealed. Besides, she grew no deep roots in this Kingdom, nor anywhere else. She sometimes doubted that she would be able to accomplish her duty, for how can a mere Dragon conquer the whole land? She had no true home, she was just a wanderer on this land, waiting till the time has come. Now, her blood boils ever stronger than before. The time to take back the throne of Zerelia will come soon.
Chapter 4: A Meeting
It was dawn when Fallonye awoke. The silence of the night has broken. The vibrant chirping of the morning birds sounded, giving the sign of a new day. The sun rose from the horizon. The sky was painted over and over again. From a dark purple to a blood red. And again to a bright yellow. It was beautiful to be able to see the myriad of colours in a span of a few minutes. This was an occurrence that many overlook, yet Fallonye treasured it greatly. She clasped her amulet tightly. It was hidden inside of her garments, to prevent anyone from knowing her identity.
Fallonye got up and went to the bathroom. She gave herself a short bath and stepped out. Fallonye got herself ready, prepared to perform today’s duty. She found the Kingdom a little too quiet. Sure, there were the occasional group of people trying to sneak into the Kingdom, but nothing inside the Kingdom was happening. There recently was no contact between Garador and other Kingdoms, at least, not to her knowledge. It was too quiet.
There was a soft, polite knock on the door.
“You may enter.” She said.
The door creaked open and a middle-aged man entered, dressed in a formal suit.
“Good Morning, Butler Roney.” Fallonye greeted.
“And a Good Morning to you, Falcon. The King has orders for you and sir Norith. Please proceed to the throne room after your breakfast.”
“Understood.”
Fallonye did not know what to expect. There were too many things that were happening throughout Zerelia. She ate her breakfast quickly. It was a serving of fried eggs and a spread of jam on toast. There was also a bottle of creamy milk served. Soon, she reached to the doors of the throne room. Norith was there conversing with one of the guards. As she walked closer, he spotted Fallonye. 
He grinned, seemingly delighted in the morning, “Good Morning!”
“Good Morning.” She greeted back.
“Shall we enter?” Norith asked.
“We shall.”
They entered the throne room, it still held the same splendour as before, not like it ever had not. The king sat at his throne where he always was.
“Your Majesty.” They greeted.
“Good Morning. I take it that you have slept well?” He asked.
“Yes.”
“Good. Now, to business. I suppose that the both of you know Merchant Tollui?”
“The merchant from Sorudal that supplies our kingdom with weapons?” Norith asked.
“Yes. A few days ago he was supposed to arrive with a new supply, yet naught was heard from him.” The king said.
“An attack?” Fallonye suspected.
“It is a high possibility. It could be raiders. Yet I suspect it is due to interference by neighbouring kingdoms.” The King’s tone darkened. He was a prideful man, and he would not tolerate anyone who would go against him.
Fallonye grimaced. Attacking their weapon supply meant two things. The first is that they want to prevent Garador from gaining access to more weapons, reducing its military power. More importantly, the act of disrupting the trading system is outrageous, they were no doubt trying to wage a war. Yet their purpose was not clear yet.
“Young Knights. Head East to the Road of Tenno, on the path to the kingdom of Sorudal. Find the cause of their delay. Eliminate any interferences.” The king relayed his order.
“As you wish, Your Majesty.”
The paths to Sorudal were clearly paved out, it was a main route for trade. Yet it was too quiet, no peddlers were seen on the road. Fallonye suspected that it was not only Merchant Tollui who was attacked, but other peddlers as well. The Road of Tenno cut across the Forest of Grievance, which lied between the two Kingdoms. The road was wide for the carriages and carts to go through. The path was flattened after being used for a long time. The trees swayed ominously, bending under the control of the wind. Leaves fluttered violently, and the dried leaves stirred from the ground creating a golden storm along the pathway. The forest was lively, yet it held an entirely different atmosphere from the Dead Woods. There was no sense of imminent danger. The forest was tranquil and serene, far from the danger that lurked in the Dead Woods.
“Did you not bring your spear?” Fallonye asked Norith, seeing that there is no spear behind his back.
“Nay, it was too bulky. Besides, we only came to investigate, not fight…hopefully.”
Fallonye and Norith rode on their brown horses in companionable silence. Only the soft trots of the hooves could be heard. A small cat-like creature sat on Fallonye’s shoulder. It was black and has feathered wings. Glowing blue spots ran down its back, they were tiny, but could be seen due to its glow. The cat was of the pancurus species, a full-grown would not go beyond an arm’s length. Yet they are extremely agile, powerful and intelligent.  A few months ago, Fallonye picked it up from the forest, the kitten was lost from the mother; it had nowhere to go. When Norith asked why she did so. She replied, “I do not know. Perhaps…It was because it was the same as us.” Afterwards, she named it Kae.
The wide path went on beyond the horizon, the Kingdom of Sorudal could not be seen. As they walked further on, they passed by some clearings beside the road. The clearings made perfect camping grounds for travellers and peddlers. The campsites were clearly used frequently. There were burnt wood and ash where the fire was. There were beds of dried soil that had no grass for tents were laid on them. 
“The ash is old.” Fallonye commented.
“It is strange. There has not been a night when the grounds have been unused.” Norith frowned.
“As I expected, they have been targeting the other merchants too.” She said
“I believe so.”
They continued searching and investigating the place. They found a few fish bones and peels of fruits. As well as broken branches and wood. Yet there was nothing of any importance. Before they left, Norith suggested to have lunch before proceeding. They ate a simple meal of dried meat which Fallonye brought. The food was dry and tasteless, but it was better than nothing.
“This is nowhere near satisfying.” Norith grimaced. He started to drink water from his pouch to wash down the food.
Unsatisfied with the meal, Norith searched about for berries and fruits. Yet he could only find small, red berries. He ate them anyway, savouring the tinge of sweetness.
“Make haste, we are on a mission.” Fallonye urged.
Norith rolled his eyes, “The King would never know. Even if we return after a week, we could still make up an excuse.” He offered a handful of berries to Fallonye, who relented and took it.
Norith and Fallonye walked on, there was nothing else to find from there. The day wore on. It was late afternoon. The pleasant cooling weather from the morning has long gone. The sun has unleashed its fury upon the land, radiating its blazing heat. It was not uncommon that mirages were formed, creating illusions that fooled many.
It was not long before they chanced upon another campsite. It was very different from the previous. Old blood stains were splattered on the ground. There were tattered tents and broken wooden poles. The crates of food has been looted, but not everything was taken. Numerous weapons lay on the ground, which have fallen from the toppled cart. There was no sign of anyone, not even the presence of dead bodies.
“These weapons…” Norith begun.
“They were meant to be delivered to the kingdom.” Fallonye inspected them closely.
“If the attackers were bandits, they would have taken the merchandise.” She continued, “Yet it has been left untouched. The bodies are gone as well.”
“You suspect interference from another kingdom?” Norith asked.
“Exactly.”
Fallonye stooped down and brushed her fingers against the ashes of the fireplace. Sweat dripped from her forehead, something was off. The ash was very different than the ones from the previous campsite. Now that she thought of it, there was a strange smell of strong herbs surrounding the place.
“What is it?” 
“The fire… was fresh.” Fallonye said uncertainly.
Suddenly, the birds in the trees chirped loudly, the sound of flapping of wings sounded from the trees. The leaves rustled as the birds made their escape. Flocks of multi-coloured birds rose like a gust of wind. They flew far away. Fallonye sensed something.
Instinctively she shouted, “Norith, get down!”
The both of them dropped to the ground as arrows whizzed past them, barely missing their targets. Arrows continued to rain down at them. Norith reacted quickly, grabbing Fallonye and rolling swiftly to take cover behind a rock. The arrows seized. Norith and Fallonye got up on their feet and prepared in their defensive stance.
Five men stepped out of the forest, the same men who targeted the two. The men hid their face behind a mask. Seeing this, Norith and Fallonye also placed a mask to hide their face, for it was foolish for one to show his face to someone who does not show his. 
“A shame that you noticed that the fireplace has been used, if not we would have sent you to eternal sleep.” The man in the middle mused. He sounded young, probably around the same age as Norith. He seemed to be the leader amongst the group. Fallonye tensed, he was strong, and he was dangerous. She could feel the dangerous vibe emitting from him, the presence of a predator.
Her senses sharpened to her fullest, she must not let her guard down. Fear rampaged within her heart. For the first time, she felt an overwhelming amount of fear. Fallonye felt like a cornered rat in the face of a giant beast. She crouched low, one wrong move and her head could be sent flying. 
“Who sent you?” she asked, ensuring that her voice did not waver.
“Let us save introductions for later.” The man said, drawing out his sword.
Fallonye readied her blades, wielding two daggers. He was right, it was no time to get acquainted. Norith let out a deep and threatening growl. His teeth and nails sharpened into fangs and claws. He grew larger in size and dark-brown fur sprouted from his body. His growl deepened. He had morphed into a terrifying beast. The beastly creature was two men tall and stood on its hind legs. A bushy, muscular tail was present as well and saliva drooled from its mouth. The men – except the leader – stepped back warily as its yellow eyes pierced into theirs, for it was uncommon to see a Werewolf. The men were frightened, they did not know how to fight such a monster. 
“Let us begin then.” Fallonye declared.
Chapter 5: In Pride and Honour
There was naught to fear of the other four men. They smelled human. Fallonye twirled her blades skilfully and gripped them tight. She crouched low and pounced on the man to the far right. Norith growled before leaping high into the air, and clawed the two men on the far left. The leader did not move and merely leaned on the trunk of the tree. What was his intention?
After disarming two men, she knocked them unconscious with the blunt of her blade. Both men collapsed. Norith growled fiercely, intimidating the other two men. He roared and leaped towards them, pinning down the one on the left. Norith bit his neck, and the man no longer moved. The other man widened his eyes in fear, his body was paralyzed and could not move. Norith turned to him and lashed out with his deadly claws. Three deep gashes ran through the man’s chest as blood gushed out of them.
Norith finished his battle, the men he fought were not alive. Their bodies were battered, huge claw wounds scarred their chests. The wounds were deep, it was unlikely to survive from those wounds. Norith’s snout was smudged scarlet as his fangs dripped blood. His claws were also stained with blood. Norith stood back up and licked his blood stained mouth.
The leader turned to Fallonye and commented, amused, “Seems like you detest ending a life or two.”
Fallonye stood straight and observed him carefully, she had to be cautious around him.
“I need them alive.” She stated. “You, however, are too dangerous.”
Indeed, dangerous he was.
“Wish to kill me? Interesting.” He taunted.
They leaped forward at the same time towards each other. It was not the start of the battle yet, they were only testing the waters. Norith morphed back into his human form, he dared not prod in their engagement in battle. He would have to wait until they have finished testing each other. As both of them crossed blades, they fought fiercely, until one would draw blood. The fight was fast, almost impossible to see with the human eye. A few minutes passed before a land has hit. 
Simultaneously, both of their masks were gashed by each other’s blade. They leapt back immediately. 
“Your skills in the blade are commendable.” The man praised, seemingly having a smirk behind his mask.
“As do yours.” Fallonye replied. She could tell that he was not concerned in the battle, he was toying with her.
Fallonye worried, there was no one in her kingdom who matched her skills and agility. If another kingdom had this man under them, they could easily conquer other kingdoms. Slowly, both of their masked cracked from the gash, the crack grew bigger. At the same time, their masked shattered into pieces, revealing their faces. Fallonye stared into the man’s eyes, into a pair of golden orbs. They glowed vibrantly, like the majestic sun.
Both of them gasped as they realised that their faces were revealed. They needed to quickly cover it. Yet once they stared into each other’s eyes, time seemed to have stopped. Fallonye’s blood boiled viscously, making her body heat up. Her body was paralysed and her body burned. It took all her strength to remain standing. The sight of his eyes invoked some ancient memory. He too felt the same. Both of them could not move for that moment. After what felt like forever, time started ticking again. They panted short quick breaths and were sweating profusely.
Fallonye was in disbelief. She could not speak in her bewildered state.
“What happened?” Norith asked worriedly.
Fallonye continued staring into the man’s eyes, he was also affected, yet he seemed to be bearing it better than her. With a strained voice she answered, but not to Norith, “Dragon.”
The smirk was gone from the man’s face, he stared at her intently, and he was as confused as her. But it was only for a moment, before he already assessed the situation.
“Dragon brother, it is a shame that we are enemies.” He mused, with all sarcasm back in his voice.
Fallonye did not reply. It was no wonder she felt so intimidated, he was the same as her. Although they were of the same blood, it seemed as if he did not care. His duty should be the same as hers, but it is as if he did not want to heed it. Dragon or not, they were still enemies. She took a tighter grip on her blade and resumed her fighting stance.
“Even before battle you should realise that you cannot defeat me.” He stated.
She knew very well, his powers were the same as hers, or even greater.
“Norith! Take the unconscious men and escape to Garador. Call for reinforcements!” She ordered.
“But-”
“Now! Time is of the essence. I will deal with this.” She urged.
Norith hesitated, but obeyed. He took the unconscious men and mounted on his horse. A soft mew could be heard. It was Kae.
“Kae.” He said, “Come.”
Kae mewed again, before landing on his shoulder.
He kicked the horse, making it break out in full gallop. He did not look back, he needed to trust Fallonye, as she had trusted him. What he needed to do was to focus on his task.
“You are delusive to think you can face me alone.” The man sneered. “What Dragon are you?”
“Dragon of the Moon.” She replied.
“I am the Dragon of the Sun.” He said.
Fallonye took a good look at him, he had golden hair that was slightly long and wild, about the same length as hers. His hair reflected the sun, making him look majestic. Fallonye started to transform. Fangs and claws grew long and sharp as her eyes turned forest green and her pupils narrowed into slits. Black wings sprouted from her back. She was in humanoid form with wings. The man did the same. Golden wings sprouted from his back, if she was in a different situation, she would have admired them. But now was not the time. She was in a dilemma. How surprising, a Dragon he was! She knew that she would need his help to fulfil their duty, yet now they faced each other as enemies.
“You cannot defeat me in that form. My powers are stronger than yours.” Reinus said.
“How so?” Fallonye spat.
“The light of the moon merely reflects the light of the sun. Your power is just a fragment of mine.” He replied coldly.
“Then I will make my own light.” She said.
Fallonye pounced forward, aiming to gash him with her claws, but he dodged it swiftly. It was a game of assault and dodge, one hit could be fatal. The man slashed, Fallonye tumbled to the left and quickly got back on her feet. She was barely able to keep up. They continued their barrage of attacks. Ultimately the battle was taken to the air. Fallonye spread her wings wide and soared high in the air, and he followed. From afar, they looked like two fierce falcons. Swerving and diving, making swift contact with each other.
Minutes passed before blood was spilt. Yet the wounds were only small scratches, wounds received from near misses. The man attacked, Fallonye blocked, yet the impact sent her knocked back. The man tucked in his wings and dived, building momentum, ready to attack.
In the blink of an eye, bright red blood splattered around. He managed to gash Fallonye’s right arm. It was severe and deep, red fluid poured out. Fallonye grunted and gritted her teeth in pain. She panted heavily as intense pain coursed through her arm. It was unlikely that she could still use it in this battle. She landed on the ground. She was reaching her limit. 
She curled her lips and bared her fangs. She growled dangerously at the other Dragon. He just smirked in triumph. She could escape, yet if she did so, Norith and the reinforcements would be slaughtered by this man. As the man came closer she snarled. 
She could not afford to hold back any longer.
Fallonye placed her hands on the ground, she was on all fours. A small, blackish gust of wind encircled her. The wind grew stronger and more opaque. Soon she was engulfed in a black whirling tornado. The trees bent and shook while the leaves danced a violent storm. The tornado enlarged rapidly, growing ten times larger. It was a rage of unending chaos. The trees were bent mercilessly to the force of the harsh wind. A loud flutter, resembling a furious roar, sounded from the leaves.
As quickly as it has begun, it dissipated, leaving naught but a soft breeze. The girl that stood in the eye of the tornado was no more. Instead, the small figure was replaced with a terrifying, uncouth beast. The serpent-like beast had scales as impenetrable as the best of shields. The scales were glossy and shiny. It was a dangerously mesmerising colour of violet-black. It had muscular limbs and a firm body. Its tail was strong and firm. It seemed to be as strong as iron. It had sharp, threatening claws, as well as imposing fangs that draped from its mouth. Magnificent wings stretched from one side to the other, being the same gorgeous colour as the body. The underbelly of the beast had a paler shade of purple. Yet the most noticeable part was its eyes. A large pair of green eyes, with narrowed black slits. The eyes could hypnotise, for it was an extraordinary shade of green. It was as if all the shades of green that was known were concentrated into those two round orbs. The beast was a magnificent Dragon.
The Dragon- Fallonye –flickered its long and thin tongue. Although the beast was over ten times the size of the man, it continued to stare at him with caution. The man inspected the Dragon with awe, yet that moment disappeared within a moment.
“Not bad little Dragon.” He commented, amused.
Fallonye bared her deadly long fangs and snarled.
“I assume that it is my turn to get serious.” He chuckled, yet his tone seemed to have changed.
In a few seconds, the instantaneous procedure repeated. The man was engulfed by another tornado. Yet it was much different from Fallonye’s. The gust of wind was a pale gold, like the colour of autumn. As it grew stronger, he was engulfed in a storm of gold dust. This time, the trees could not bear the same oppressing force for a second time. Trees were uprooted or simply snapped in half. The golden tornado seemed like a whirl of the autumn leaves. And again, it dissipated quickly.
The Dragon had bright scales of gold. It was completely different from the dark and dangerous Dragon. Instead, the golden gleam gave the Dragon splendour of the sun. It stood tall in all its mighty glory. The wings unfurled, seemingly displaying the blinding rays of the sun. Its eyes were no less magnificent. The deep blend of blue was dizzying. It made it so that one would be staring into a stormy ocean. It was also as mesmerising.
The man took one paw forward and hissed dangerously. Fallonye growled threateningly in response, warning him from getting closer. Suddenly, Fallonye let out a burst of hazardous black flames. The black flames gushed forward relentlessly, yearning to engulf the target. The golden dragon also shot out bright yellow flames. It was a battle of fire. The bright yellow flames clashed with the back flames, creating a furious rumble between the flames. The bright yellow flames burned ever brighter, it engulfed the black flames in a span of seconds. Although fire did not harm them, it displayed their strength. It was clear who had dominance in the battle of Dragons, yet Fallonye could not give up. 
The battle was different from that when it took place in human form. Despite having reinforced defence and more severe attacks, the beasts’ heavy body was not easy to manoeuvre. It was no longer a battle of speed or agility, but a battle of endurance.
The two Dragons fought flawlessly. Despite their enormously built bodies, they were graceful and swift. No unnecessary movements were made. Fire breathed upon the forest, their battlefield has changed from the serene and tranquil company of the green forests to a sea of fire. Black and yellow flames danced upon the land, there were no longer any sight of green. 
Fallonye continuously pounced and attacked, clawing and gashing at the golden beast. He was slightly larger than her, giving her an advantage due to her speed. For what seemed like hours, they fought, yet only minutes passed. The golden beast swiped, and Fallonye ducked, the swipe barely missed. She was getting weary, her movements were slowing down. 
Both sustained injuries. Fallonye had large gashes, resembling claw marks all over her body. Scarlet red blood covered her back scales. One more blow could be the end of her. The golden Dragon also had such injuries, yet he looked like he was in better condition. Both panted heavily, neither side refused to give in.
The golden Dragon suddenly leaped forward with impressive speed, Fallonye’s reflexes seemed to have dulled. The golden Dragon clamped its jaws into her shoulder. His fangs sank in deep as he bit into her shoulders. Fallonye roared in pain, wanting to bite back, but he managed to leap backward in time. Her fangs met with nothing. Fallonye felt hopeless, she knew she had lost. The large black Dragon collapsed, creating a loud thud in the ground. She tried to get up, but her body would not respond. A large tornado engulfed the fallen Dragon, it shrunk and was gone. The only thing that remained was the small human figure lying on the ground. 
Fallonye was covered in blood. Her wounds were raw and deep. A large bite mark could be seen on her shoulder. She was no longer panting, instead had weak and small breaths. She was near death. The golden Dragon also transformed back to the man. He looked down at the fallen enemy as he panted. He caught his breath after a few seconds. He continued to look down
“It is a first that someone could fight me so. Yet our strengths differ. I have won.”
Fallonye gripped her fist in frustration, creating marks on the soil. She glared at him as she tried to get up.
“Fear not, Dragon brother. You will leave this battle with your life.” He smirked. “Farewell, Dragon Brother.” He bid as he walked away.
Fallonye’s vision blurred, she knew not if it was because she was losing consciousness or because of her defeated state. She was not angry at the man, but at herself. She gripped her fists ever tighter, drawing blood from her palm. Weak! How weak I am! He eyes became glassy and moist, but she cried not, she would never allow herself to. Fallonye bashed her head at the ground and grit her teeth, she hated her weakness. Her eyes were no longer moist, instead it was fuelled with determination, and yearned to grow stronger.
She watched frustratingly as she saw the retreating figure of the victor. He was going farther and farther, until he disappeared in the flames. It was as if he was showing their difference in strength, how far behind she was from him. A voice could be heard behind the flames before she plunged into darkness.
“I am Reinus, Dragon of the Sun.”
Chapter 6: Destruction of Powers
Norith was worried. He felt that something was wrong, his heart felt like it was sinking into oblivion. He could not afford to waste any time. He had his horse galloping full speed to Garador. The horse panted and whined, tired after galloping such a long distance. Norith stroked the horse sorrowfully.
“Forgive me. Please, bear with it a little longer.” Norith said.
Before long, he could see the walls of Garador coming into sight, he was nearly there. Kae hung on dearly, using her claws to cling unto Norith’s shoulders. The two unconscious men were slung and strapped on the horse behind Norith. They were so close to being thrown off the horse. The poor creature struggled to carry the weight of all three men, yet it continued to gallop anyway.
As Norith reached the gates, he shouted to the guards.
“Quickly, it is me, Norith! Gather up reinforcements and prepare the mounts!” He hollered.
The guards acted immediately, they dared not question a Knight. They ran around like panicked around like stressed ants, shouting and hollering at each other. Minutes passed before the men were gathered.
“Quickly, men! We need to aid Knight Falcon. Ready your weapons, up your horses! We depart now.” Norith ordered, and they complied. They have set off at full haste towards the Road of Tenno.
The reinforcements were behind him, about twenty men. He doubted that this small number would be able to take on this man. Yet he could not question it. The king would hear of it, and would not risk to waste more men to save only one person. If Norith brought more men, the King may have his head. Then again, he doubted that having more men could defeat that man. Norith had swapped horses, for his poor horse was barely able to stand. Now he was at full speed to the place he had left Fallonye. Be safe… He thought.
Upon reaching the destination, Norith and the twenty men faced a horrifying sight. The small and quiet campsite was no more. The ground was licked with black and yellow fire. The trees burned like torches. Everything was blackened, burnt by the hungry fire. The fire crackled angrily as it engulfed the land. The men could feel the wave of searing heat from the fire, warning them to back away. The flames rose high of the ground and waved at the terrified men, mocking them, daring them to go in.
“Quickly! Divide up and search.” Norith ordered, bringing them back to their senses.
Although they rather not dive into the fiery maze, they could not back out. They had their pride as soldiers to keep after all. 
Norith jumped off his horse and sniffed the air. It was difficult to smell when there were thick smokes of ash. He could barely stand the piercing smell of ash as he choked and coughed. It was feint, but he could barely sniff out Fallonye’s smell. It was blood. His fear increased at the smell of her blood. 
“Follow me!” He yelled to the men.
They searched thoroughly while avoiding the flames. It was a maze of fire, they had to be careful from touching the flames. Norith, unable to bear the scent of the ashes and smoke, could not sniff out Fallonye’s location. Frustrated, he can only settle to find her by searching the area. They had to weave through the narrow pathways that were not engulfed by flames. Norith warned them to avoid the fire, for these flames cannot be extinguished easily. They had to proceed slowly, to Norith’s frustration, for the flames were difficult to avoid. Of course, for the flames danced and moved about in the most unpredictable manner.
“Black flames? You think magic was used?” One soldier shuddered. Magic was practiced by few, for it was difficult and dangerous. The only known people that could wield magic were Wizards. Almost nothing was known about them or their whereabouts. The only thing they knew about the Wizards were that they were frighteningly powerful, they played with the unknown. No one dared to anger a Wizard, unless they wanted a curse to be cast upon them. That is why they were drastically afraid of the black flames.
The other soldiers said naught, but they tensed visibly.
“Over there.” Norith pointed to a large ring of flames.
“But Sir, there is naught but fire.” One soldier pointed out.
Norith wanted to agree, yet instinct told him she was in there. He thought, perhaps, that it was a ring of fire instead, and that she was in the middle. Yet, or the more so difficult to bring her out, for they could not lay hand on the flames. They started to swat the fire with robes made of skin of the water snakes. Water snakes had fireproof skin, thus the robes helped to lessen the fire. They beat down the robes at the fire relentlessly, in hope that the fire would dissipate. Yet this proceeded very slowly, for the flames were difficult to put out. As the fire cleared, a small figure can be seen on the ground.
Norith’s eyes widened in horror as he took in the sight. In the ring of fire Fallonye laid, a blanket of blood covering her. Her eyes were closed and it did not seem that she was breathing. Deep wounds scarred her face and body. It was not surprising that anyone would think she was dead. Norith ran to her, his head could not think as he took in her appearance. He dropped to his knees and placed his hand on her neck. There was a pulse. Quickly, he held his finger above her mouth, under her nostrils. Happy he was, for she was breathing, although ever so slight. She was alive!
Norith let out a held breath and he sighed in relief. She is alive. He held her close to his arms. She was very powerful, stronger than most, even Norith. Yet in his arms she was a delicate flower. She was so small in his arms, so fragile. He wanted to tighten his grip on her, but it would harm her instead. Somehow, he felt as if he wanted to cry, for he has never seen Fallonye this defeated and battered before. How he wished that he had never left her side, how he wished for all her injuries to be his instead! He got up and mounted his horse with Fallonye in front of him. She was unconscious, so he had to lay her properly. Kae sniffed Fallonye sadly and let out a small mew. Kae seemed sad, her ears were drooped and her tail hung low. Kae lowered her head and licked Fallonye’s face, removing the blood.
“She will be alright, Kae.” Norith assured. Who was he to jest? He was no less worried for the dying girl in his arms.
He proceeded to relay orders to his men, telling five of them to put out the flames before it engulfs the whole Forest of Grievance.
“The soldiers who are to come with me, pass on your fire robes to the five men, for they would need it. The five men shall return after they put out the flames.” Norith ordered.
Norith did not wait for them to do what he has tasked them, for it will take time. He left first, not even waiting for the soldiers that were to return with him. He needed to hurry back to the kingdom, time waits for no man, or no woman in this particular situation. Time was ticking constantly fast, if he does not hurry, she would die.
“Let us return home, Fallonye.”
Kingdom of Garador, Throne room.
“The people have been restless, Your Majesty. I am afraid the tensions may cause a rebellion.” The Chancellor, Jabis of Lanure, explained.
“We cannot afford to lower the taxes! Without improving our military powers, we will not be able to hold off attacking kingdoms.” The King said firmly. He sat uncomfortably in his throne, rubbing his temples in frustration.
Prince Leyn, sitting beside the King, looked at the King with worry. Although he had a position of a prince, he held no power against his father.
“The richer of the people have no problem with the taxes, Your Majesty, however, the people in the poor district cannot afford it. I am afraid, they may start causing problems.” The Chancellor continued.
“Let them be. What can they do? They have no positions, they hold no power!” The King said. 
The Chancellor hesitated momentarily, before continuing, “The people are starting to turn to the Council.”
The Council was made up of the twelve Dukes. They hold immense power next to the King, however, the King has the final say. The Council was able to influence the laws and trivial matters of the Kingdom.
“The Council have no say in this!” The King declared angrily.
The Chancellor spoke no more, no one dared challenge the King.
The Prince continued to stay silent. The King was too stubborn. He was so focused on power that he cared not for his people. The prince wanted to amend the mistakes his father made when he ascends the throne. However, that may take many years. It… may be too late…
Two hours passed, Norith and the reinforcements managed to reach Garador. Norith carried Fallonye on his back, being careful as to not move her too much. As quickly as he could he rushed to the treatment room. At the door of the treatment room, Norith called out for the doctor.
“Hear me, anyone! I need assistance!” Norith called.
The royal doctor opened the door, and as soon as the she took sight of the injured Fallonye, she paled. She urged her to be sent to the treatment room in the castle.
Norith sat outside of the room on a bench, fiddling with his fingers restlessly. Waiting was slow. It was ironic that when he wanted time to stop an hour or two ago, time went by like the wind. Now when he wished for time to fly by, minutes passed as long as hours. The assistant walked out of the room. Norith stood up immediately.
“How does she fare?” He questioned, his voice laced with worry.
The assistant’s face was void of any emotion.
“Her wounds are grave. We have stopped the bleeding, yet we know not if she will regain consciousness.” He said. “She has lost a tremendous amount of blood.”
The news was neither good nor bad. Norith sat back down and sighed deeply. In all his worry he no longer knew if he was hungry or tired. Curse that man! Norith wanted to sink his teeth into that man’s neck. A deep voice snapped him out of his thoughts, however horrible they were.
“Norith. I see you and Falcon have returned.”
Norith turned to see King Ran walking towards him. The King was wearing extravagant clothing, with a fine ermine cloak draped over his shoulders. The large crown rested on his head. Yet he looked more stressed than usual, tired actually. His hair was ruffled up and there were dark rings under his eyes. His face was dark and he walked wearily. Norith quickly stood up and bowed. He did not really want to see the King right now, he had no patience to deal with him.
“Your Majesty.” He greeted.
“Where is Falcon?” The King asked.
“Falcon has sustained injury. He is being attended to, Your Majesty.” He replied.
“It is rare for him to get injured…” He stroked his beard in thought, “Norith, report to me in the throne room in an hour.”
“As you wish, Your Majesty.” He bowed again as the King walked off.
Norith sighed inwardly, he did not want to deal with this difficult man. He much rather stay by Fallonye’s side until she awakens. The fool! The King did not even take a glance at how Fallonye was doing. Norith entered the treatment room and saw Fallonye lying on the bed. She was wrapped in bandages and covered by a blanket, sleeping soundly. Norith wanted to stay longer, but he had to report to the King. Unwillingly, he got up and left.
Chapter 7: Bonds to Strengthen
“Norith, you may report.” The King said. Both the King and Norith were in the throne room. In the room also sat Prince Leyn. The Chancellor was not present for he was dealing with matters regarding the taxes. 
“Falcon and I headed east, along the Road of Tenno. We were ambushed by a group of assassins. By inferring evidence, we came to the conclusion that they were assailants from another Kingdom.” He elaborated.
“And what makes you think so?” The King asked.
“They did not loot any merchandise, and they acted like no bandit.”
“Is their origin known?”
Norith shook his head, “Nay, we are currently interrogating one of them. Falcon managed to knock two of them unconscious.”
“How did she get injured?” He asked curiously.
“The leader was terrifyingly powerful, if I must admit. Just the sight of him I already felt that I lost.” Norith frowned. He was certain, the man was on a different level. Norith continued, “He and Falcon was on the same level – nay, he was stronger. Falcon was defeated and he escaped.”
There was silence in the throne room as the King thought hard. He was very frustrated, first there was the problem with the Council, now there is a large threat on their Kingdom. 
“This news is ominous.” The King sad grimly. Whichever kingdom that this man belonged to was a large threat.
“Indeed.” Norith agreed.
“Your Majesty, if I may be so bold to ask, what would happen if we find out which Kingdom sent their men?” Norith asked, dreading the answer.
The King had hard eyes as he said, “War.”
Norith grimaced, just as he expected, the King would not let this settle peacefully. He hoped that the men they captured would not leak information, for Norith feared the war that this King may start. Norith got up to leave, but was interrupted by the King.
“One more thing, Norith. A ball will be held on the eve of the last day of the month.” The King said.
“For what occasion?” Norith asked. It was news, for they have not had a social event for a long time.
“For my son! Prince Leyn is getting wed.” The King replied, he seemed a tad bit happier as his face lightened up at the mention of his son.
“A wedding?” Norith asked, bewildered. Now, this was certainly news!
“He is getting wed to the princess of Damados, Princess Niera.” The King explained. The King was also taken aback at first. The wedding was not arranged. His son had come up to him a few days ago, and confessed that he fancied the princess. Apparently, they had met a few times before, and now they wish to be wed. Norith gasped, that means Garador would unite with Damados. The two most powerful Kingdoms were to be united!
The King continued, “I would like you and Falcon to be present at the ball.”
“Pardon?” North asked, flustered.
“The royal family and nobility would be guests. I want the both of you to gain information.” 
Of course. The King is efficient as always, always looking for an opportunity. He wanted to gain as much advantage as he can to use against Damados if he wishes. It was possible that the King might seek a way to stab Damados behind its back. Yet, why would he risk to lose an allied Kingdom by betraying it? Norith shook his head, it was definitely because of his greed. 
“Falcon would be under the name of Fallonye, dressed as a woman. She would play the role of the daughter of the Duke of Winchster. You would be the Head Knight.” The King said.
Now, Norith seemed more eager to participate in the ball. How long has it been that he had last seen Fallonye in a dress! Certainly he found it amusing to watch.
“As you wish. Your Majesty.”
Treatment Room.
Fallonye awoke to the sound of the persistent scratching of a pen. She opened her eyes slowly. Her vision was blinded by the bright rays of sunlight spilling from the window. She turned to see the royal doctor, Doctor Penni, writing furiously on a piece of paper. She was a slim woman, prone to injury despite being a doctor. She had light brown hair tied into a messy bun and black eyes. One could see the small wrinkles caused by ageing on her forehead. Doctor Penni has been serving the royal family for twenty years. She was a smart and kind doctor, though slightly clumsy.
Fallonye was in the treatment room, lying down on a bed. Her nose was muddled up because of the many different smells of herb and wood. 
“Doctor.”
Doctor Penni whirled around on her stool. She lost her balance and fell off, landing on her face with a loud ‘Oof!’
“Are you alright, Doctor?” Fallonye sighed.
“Yes, dear.” She laughed and got up. She quickly went to another table, one with jars and bottles of herb on it. She flipped through a small book and begun taking some herbs and plants from the different jars and putting them into a bowl. She started grinding them and Fallonye could smell the sharp scent of the crushed herbs. As soon as she was done, she mixed the crushed herbs into a cup and added boiling water from the kettle. Doctor Penni placed the cup of thick, brown, bubbling liquid on the table beside Fallonye’s bed. It smelled foul, reeking of rotten flesh and sludge. Fallonye’s keen nose enhanced the foul odour. She cringed.
“Drink it. It may be awful, yet it is excellent in its healing properties.” Doctor Penni said.
Fallonye looked at the steaming liquid, it was thick and boiling. Though the heat had no effect on her, the taste certainly would. In a swift movement she gulped the disgusting liquid. It was rough and acidic as it ran down her throat. She wanted to puke it back out immediately, but managed to swallow it, as difficult as it was. Even after swallowing, it made her stomach feel turned and tossed. She shuddered.
“Good job!” Doctor Penni commented.
“Are you hungry, dear?” Doctor Penni asked. Fallonye nodded. Doctor Penni hurried to the kitchen to get some food for her.
“It is alright, Doctor. I can go get it myself.”
“Nonsense! You can barely stand!”
Doctor Penni quickly left and returned with a tray of food. It was a steaming bowl of porridge and a glass of water. Fallonye thanked her and ate in silence.
“But, goodness gracious! What have you been doing to get you in this state?” She asked. 
“Nothing really, Doctor.” Fallonye replied.
Fallonye got out of the bed and placed the empty tray on the table. She sat on the bed as Doctor Penni started to unwound her bandages. The doctor threw the bandages, full of blood, into the bin and examined her wounds.
“Oh my!” The doctor exclaimed.
“What is it, Doctor?”
“My! My! I haven’t seen wounds that have dried up this fast before, it is a miracle!”
“Perhaps it is because of your medicine, Doctor.” Fallonye suggested, although she knew the real reason.
“It is peculiar…I shan’t ponder any longer, it is a blessing after all.” She muttered. Doctor Penni took a jar of some sticky, green substance and smeared it on Fallonye’s wounds. She took out a new set of bandages and dresses her wounds again.
“You have to drink the medicine every day and I will dress your wounds as well.” Doctor Penni said.
“I will, Doctor.” Fallonye said. She started to walk towards the door.
“Hold it! Where do you think you’re going? Look at your state! You shouldn’t be walking!” Doctor Penni said.
“I am fine Doctor.” 
“As if! Lie back down on the bed, if you want to live!” The Doctor exclaimed.
“Thank you, Doctor.” Fallonye said, leaving the room, leaving behind the baffled doctor.
As Norith walked out of the throne room, a voice called. 
“Norith.” 
Norith turned to see Fallonye, wrapped in thick layers of bandages. Her right arm was wrapped in an elbow cast. Both legs were wrapped in bandages. Her right face had a bandage as well. He was sure that there were countless more hidden behind her clothes. Fallonye saw his worried expression, she smiled softly.
“These will heal in a few days, the blood of a Dragon is useful indeed.” She said.
“I suppose, but you should be in bed.” He said. He was not consoled by her words. She just shrugged. He proceeded to tell her about the upcoming ball.
“I am to wear a dress?” She asked in disbelief.
“How long has it been since you have gone to a ball or wear a dress?” He asked, amused. They started walking, Fallonye slightly in front of Norith.
“Probably…ten years ago.” She said.
He laughed, and Fallonye elbowed him. 
“I know naught of how to act like a lady, it is inane!” Fallonye sighed.
“Inane indeed!” Norith grinned.
Feeling tired, Fallonye turned from him and proceeded to her quarters. It felt so familiar to Norith, it was not a pleasant feeling either. As he looked at her retreating back, she felt so far away. It was like she could disappear anytime.
There was a shift in tone, Norith stopped smiling. He looked at her seriously. The atmosphere shifted. Norith reached to clasp Fallonye’s hand, stopping her from moving forward. It has been bothering him for a while now, the fact that Fallonye always risk her life to protect him.
“What is it?”
He leaned his head on her shoulders.
“Next time…Let me fight with you.” He said.
There was a moment of silence, the tension was thick. Fallonye did not know what to reply. If the enemy would be as strong as that man, Norith might die with her, she would not allow that. Before she could speak, he squeezed her hand tighter.
“Take me with you, though a Dragon I am not. I shall aid you with your duty. I shall walk with you, fight by you, and die with you.” He declared. “This is my decision, so don’t you dare feel responsible for my death.”
Fallonye looked at him in the eye. He was serious. She also did not want to part with him, he was her only family. Her eyes softened, he was precious to her, and how could she lose him? Yet, if he was precious to her, she needed to trust him. She, too, made up her mind.
“Alright.”
Chapter 8: Prim and Proper
A few days passed since then. Every morning, it was the same procedure. Fallonye would go to the treatment room and drink a cup of the foul medicine. Afterwards, her wounds were cleaned and dressed by Doctor Penni. Despite the Doctor’s advice, she continued to monitor the kingdom walls for trespassers on horseback. Most of her wounds have healed by then, it was the fast work of the Dragon’s blood. Only a scar from her right eye to the cheek remained as a remembrance of the battle. It was the mark of her defeat.
The upcoming ball takes place in one week, and each day Fallonye grew more nervous. She already had a dress chosen for her, along with a pair of shoes. Everything was prepared by the head mistress, yet she knew not how to act. She did not learn the etiquette of a lady, for she picked up a sword at the young age of four. For the past years since her awakening, she has been raised and trained as a man. Besides, she never fancied loud and crowded events. To her, a ball was a battlefield, with words as swords and pride as shields.
There was only one source of comfort. She vaguely remembered the conversation with the King.
“Your Majesty, I know not of a lady’s etiquette, but the skills of a blade. Would playing as a noble not arouse suspicion?” Fallonye asked. She was unable to act like a proper lady of the society, whereas a noble lady would execute the ladies’ etiquette with perfection. 
“Fear not, young Knight. If necessary, I will explain to them that the first time you have attended a ball went wrong. After that experience, you have not attended a ball ever since.” The King explained.
His lie was not far from the truth however. Indeed her first ball was not a smooth one. After her first experience, she never wanted to go again. She does not know why, maybe it was the hoard of people chattering away, or maybe it was the noisy clatter of heels. Perhaps it could be the overbearing bright, blinding light from the chandeliers.
Now, at least she had a reason as to why she had no grace as a lady. Her best option would be to stand still and observe from an isolated corner of the ball. Yet small conversations were unavoidable, for it was necessary to harness intellect. Norith would do most of the talking, while her job is to ensure no suspicious movement while the ball takes place. It was to be expected, why would the Prince of Garador and the Princess of Damados suddenly wed? It was too fast, also, Fallonye knew not of the Prince meeting the Princess. It was not possible for anyone to sneak out of the Kingdom, let alone a prince. The only possibility is that he used authority to silence the gatekeepers.
She looked out of the window once more and sighed a deep sigh.
On the day of the ball.
Fallonye fiddled restlessly with the edge of her gown as she stood on a short stool. Around her, the maids were busy measuring her gown and ensuring that it fits perfectly. She had stood there about an hour already, and she was getting tired and restless. The maids dressed her in a light blue gown that reached her ankles. It had a v-neckline, yet is not too low. The corset was tight and restricted her movements. Fallonye wondered if she could even fight in her attire. It was already difficult to breathe, let alone fight in it. She grimaced as they continued tugging and pulling at her attire, ensuring she looks neat.
Small diamond earrings hung from her ears. The maids also placed a necklace on her neck. The necklace was a delicate silver chain, with a small sapphire pendant. The sapphire rested upon her neck. Lastly, a black wig was fitted onto her head, covering her short hair. For once she felt glad that she wore the wig, for she did not have to deal with hours of her hair being pulled and tugged – if she had long hair. She did not wear her amulet, it felt strange not feeling the cold metal resting upon her skin. Just today. She thought, she had to bear with this dreaded attire for just one day. The door opened with a soft creak. Norith stepped in, wearing a black suit. He looked slightly different. Instead of having wild hair, his hair had been neatly combed back. 
“You look neat.” Fallonye commented.
He grinned mischievously, “Is that all? I look gorgeous.”
“Nonsense.”
“You look beautiful.” He commented.
“Thank you. Though it was not worth the horrible experience.” She sighed. 
“Same here. I am truly displeased.” He shook his head. “It is time.” 
They walked side by side. Fallonye broke the silence.
“Have you interrogated the captive from the assailants?”
“Yes. I am afraid that we have not heard anything from him. He would not speak. Eventually, he bit his tongue and went to sleep.” He sighed.
“It is unfortunate.”
“Nay.” Norith said solemnly, “I find it fortunate.”
“Why is that so?” Fallonye frowned.
“Since you were not present at my meeting with the King, you may not have heard.”
“Heard what?”
“If the Kingdom that sent these people were found out, I’m afraid that war might break out.”
“King Ran?”
“Indeed, there would be no doubt that he would cut the tension with his axe.” Norith sighed.
They walked together to the entrance of the ballroom. There were no guests yet, which was to be expected, for they were still early. They needed to ensure that they monitor all the guests that enter. Norith held out his arm, and Fallonye held it. She took a deep breath before they entered the ballroom. It was her first ball after so many years, she felt nervousness creep up her spine. She had much rather be training in the fields, sparring with other soldiers.
The ballroom was well decorated. It was definitely much grander than the throne room. Silver and gold ribbons wrapped around the polished marble pillars. Banners of different colours hung from the ceilings. There was a large chandelier that hung from the middle of the room. The tables, made from the finest wood, were laid with the finest silk cloths and were lighted by candles. Vases of delicate flowers lined the tables as well. Even the floor was well-polished, without a single speck of dust.
Against the wall lied the buffet table, filled with trays and plates of food. There were silver platters of scrumptious pastries topped with ripened fruit. There were fruit tarts that looked delicate and enticing, and the cakes were no less so. There were chocolate cakes, cream cakes and fruit cakes. There were also pies and puffs of all varieties. Sandwiches were neatly arranged on a platter, garnished with lettuce and tomatoes. The butlers and maids were preparing drinks to be served on a tray later on. There was fresh milk, juice, water and wine.
At the corner of the ballroom was a band of musicians that were practicing with their instruments. The maidservants were bustling about, making last-minute amendments. They straightened out the table cloths and polished the cutlery – ever so carefully. 
“They have certainly outdone themselves.” Norith commented, looking around the hall.
“Indeed.” Fallonye agreed.
From afar they spotted the King, he seemed to be discussing some matters with the Chancellor. Fallonye and Norith walked towards the King. The King heard the tapping of footsteps, he turned to see them.
“Ah! I see that you are ready.” He said.
“Your Majesty.” They bowed.
“Fallonye, I want you to stay near us, for the royal family of Damados would be together with us. I want you to monitor the royal family as well as their head military.” The King said. “Norith, I need you to keep watch on the other guests. Walk around. Converse.”
“As you wish, Your Majesty.”
Time ticked on, Norith stood at the entrance, while Fallonye stood among the royal family. Slowly, people started to enter the ballroom, accompanied by butlers. The nobility certainly knew how to distinguish their ranks. Fallonye watched as women strutted in, their noses in the air, dripping in different colours of gems, flaunting themselves like peacocks. The men strode in with an air of arrogance, they looked down upon anyone they look at, avoiding conversation with anyone lower than their position. Although, not all were like that, there were some who were friendly and kind, it was just that Fallonye have not seen many of them.
The doors were now closed as the ball started, no more guests were streaming in. Yet it seemed that the royal family of Damados has not arrived yet. Perhaps something was off, Fallonye would think. Just as her thoughts passed, the doors opened, and four people stepped in. One was a tall man, the tallest among the rest, full of authority. He was dressed with kingly clothes and an ermine cloak. He had brown hair, a rough beard and green eyes. He was the King of Damados, King Marcoh the Powerful. Although he was also a king, he was very different from King Ran, apart from the ermine cloak. He wore no jewellery, his clothes were splendid, yet not too outstanding. He did not display his wealth, but his authority.
Beside him stood a woman who matched his dominance, Queen Celian the Graceful. She stood confidently and her shoulders were squared, yet did not flaunt the proud behaviour that the other nobility have. Long blonde hair, fixed neatly, cascaded down her back. Her light blue eyes shone with charisma. Behind them stood a younger lady with short blonde hair and green eyes wearing a red gown. She was Princess Niera. Although she wore a red dress, which was a bold colour, it was not glaring.
The last person stepped in. Fallonye and Norith froze in their spots, their eyes widened in shock. The last person had golden hair and the very same piercing blue eyes. The man that they have fought with, and lost against. 
King Marcoh introduced him, “Reinus Sildon, Head General!”
Fallonye kept her composure, she started to analyse the situation. The fact that this man was here would mean that the assailants belonged to Damados. 
“So, it was Damados who aim to destroy us?” she mumbled to herself. Certainly he would not be foolish enough to come into the mouth of Garador right after assaulting its soldiers?  Especially if he knew that his face was known among those who escaped.
What were they planning? It has only been recent that they interfered with Garador’s trading route, and now they dare act as if they had done nothing, let alone uniting forces with Garador. Fallonye needed to inform the King, yet he was surrounded by people, she had to wait till he was alone. In the meantime, she started to walk around and observe the guests, especially that man. She looked around, even after a while she could not find him. It was no surprise though, for the hall was huge and crowded. It was also difficult to sniff him out amongst the parade of people.
From afar she could hear King Ran and King Marcoh conversing.
“King Ran! A pleasure it is to meet you!” King Marcoh greeted.
“Indeed! It my pleasure as well!” said King Ran.
“Forgive my tardiness, there were many things to settle.” King Marcoh apologised.
“It is alright.”
“This is my wife, Queen Celian. She is a true beauty, is she not?”
Fallonye trailed from the conversation. She knew that King Ran had lost his wife many years ago, when Prince Leyn was merely six. The people were told that she died from an unfortunate accident, yet it was not the case. Only a few handful knew the truth. She was poisoned, a drop in her cup. Although, no one missed her so, only King Ran did. He was too blinded by her beauty to be able to see the snake within her. Queen Minah the Careful – or people secretly call her Queen Minah the Sly. With her carefully laced words, her rich background, and her incomparable beauty, she managed to wheedle her way up to the position of a Queen.
Fallonye retreated to a secluded corner, not too far from the King, she could not trust Damados, and they may intend to assassinate the King. She was snapped out of her thoughts by the soft tapping of shoes. She looked up to see that man walking around, as if looking for something or someone. For some reason, she did not feel intimidated, she was not afraid of him. 
“General.” Her voice dripped with underlying poison. He turned to look at her. For the first time since they met, his face twisted into confusion.
Chapter 9: When Blood Calls
The man stood still in shock, confusion etched on his face. Fallonye wondered what he was thinking. Could he have not recognised her? Surely not, for a Dragon cannot mistake another.
“Why have you naught to say?” She mused.
The man recovered from his trance, yet he remained flustered.
“This scent…” He muttered.
“Surprised to see me?” Fallonye taunted. It was strange though, at that time they fought, he already knew which Kingdom she belonged to. Why would he be surprised to see her here?
“You are the one whom I fought against on the Road of Tenno?” He asked, though he already seemed to know the answer. Fallonye nodded. He kept silent and looked at her intently. After a while, he chuckled. 
“Ah… What a fool I was. How foolish of me. You are a woman.” He stated bluntly.
It was now Fallonye’s turn to gape in disbelief, had he not known her gender? She was too astounded for words. Surely, he had seen her face up close too many times to not notice. They have already exchanged fists for hours! How could he not recognise that he was a woman? Perhaps, he indeed was a fool.
“Shall we dance?” He invited mischievously, fully recovered from his confusion.
“I am afraid I-” Fallonye wanted to reject, but he cut her off.
“Nonsense!” He took her hand and led her to the middle of the ballroom.
“I cannot-” 
“Just follow after me.” He assured.
Fallonye followed his steps nervously, she disliked attention. She was uncomfortable and stiff, and she could feel the chilling and judgemental stares of the surrounding people. She was not an excellent dancer, only knowing the basics that were only recently taught to her. Fallonye could not feel anything else but the forceful pressure of the stares and whispers. She felt like a rat in a snake’s den.
There was a small squeeze on her hand. She was snapped out of the suffocating atmosphere. She looked up at the man. Surely, he had noticed. Yet his face rested the easy-going grin.  The man started a conversation.
“We talked, we fought, and we danced, yet your name still escapes me.” He started.
The waves of intimidating pressure had dissipated. Instead, a new tension has arisen. Considering that the both of them fought each other almost to the death just recently, the both of them dancing together was already remarkable. There was an unmistakably thick tension between them, which may snap any moment. Now, she was unclear as to what to do. He was an ally as a Dragon, but an enemy from another Kingdom. 
“Fallonye. Daughter of the Duke of Winchster.” She stated. She knew that her fake title would not fool him, he was the same as her. 
“Reinus, Head General of the royal army of Damados.” He introduced.
Reinus saw the faint scar on her face.
“Ah…apologies for scarring a woman’s face.” He said insincerely.
“You were close to defeating me, yet so far.” He taunted, grinning.
“So much trouble fighting a woman?” She bit back.
The tension became more uneasy. Both gripped each other’s hand more tightly in disdain. He continued smiling, yet his smile seemed forced.
“Unable to take jests? How humorous.” Fallonye sneered.
“For a lady, your words hold poison instead of flowers.” He commented.
Indeed, as wonderful as they look together, one has to only look down at their feet to know their seething hatred towards each other. They were stepping on each other’s feet, intentionally. Both of them were smiling bitterly at each other. However strange Norith found it that they were dancing together, he could not help but be amused at their childish banter. 
Reinus smiled disdainfully, “Well, enough of this. It is time to bring up my point.”
“Go ahead.” Fallonye said coldly.
He lowered his voice, “The time has come, we must complete our duty forced upon us by our ancestors.”
They continued to dance. Fallonye wondered what his intent was. It was not long since he had almost killed her, and only just he had asked her for a dance. It seemed to her that he also planned to fulfil his duty as a Dragon. Did he prioritise his race over his Kingdom? It seemed so. From afar, Norith saw the two of them dancing together. He frowned, finding their situation astonishing. 
Reinus lowered his head, his face close to hers.
He whispered, “Let us meet again, at the castle gardens. I am sure you understand, we have much to discuss, but not here.” He then parted with her, for the dance was over.
Fallonye walked around to look for Norith. She found him at the refreshments table, taking a break from the socialising.
“Head Knight.” She called.
He looked at her, and laughed.
“Strange to hear it from you.” He said. “What do you need?”
Fallonye lowered her voice so that it was inaudible for humans, but loud enough for a Werewolf to hear. 
“I am sure you have seen the man that I danced with.”
“Yes. It was unusual for you to dance, let alone with him.” He spat. He did not like it, for he did not trust that man. “Tell, me Fallonye, is he really a Dragon that you have to ally with?”
“Indeed, Norith. I have no other choice. We have to work together if we want to fulfil our duty.”
Norith sighed and closed his eyes. Soon, Fallonye would have to depart on her journey.
“We agreed to meet again later, in the castle grounds. I want you to be there” She told him.
“Am I worthy? I am not of your blood.” He said, confused.
“You swore you would follow me, am I wrong?”
Norith nodded.
“I trust you.” She smiled gently. Norith smiled back.
As she continue to wander around the ballroom, she tried to converse with the guests, but to no avail. The men she talked to have no interest in the matter of politics, and all they seemed to know was about the gold in their pockets. She tried to converse with the women, but they were completely clueless about the world of politics, and preferred to gossip about men and clothes. Since Norith seemed to do well enough, Fallonye decided that it would be best to leave it to him.
Fallonye took a peek towards the King’s direction. He was eating together with King Marcoh, chatting and laughing. It seemed that King Ran seemed to favour Damados’ King. Yet she felt that his greed would consume him entirely. It was only little time before King Ran would plot to betray King Marcoh. They sat together at the banquet table, which was filled with food. Platters of roasted meats were bountiful. There was grilled fish, pasta and whole-roasted chickens. The dishes were garnished by tomatoes and other vegetables and fruits. It was certainly a feast. The guests indulged themselves in conversations about politics and gossip. Some were feasting on the scrumptious food, yet were refined. The young ladies acted prim and proper, in hope to find a handsome suitor.
Fallonye took a glance at Prince Leyn. He was standing at an isolated corner together with Princess Niera. They seemed to be talking merrily and laughed together. Fallonye has never saw Prince Leyn that joyous before. Perhaps they really did love each other. After observing, Fallonye quietly left the hall with Norith, unnoticed.
The both of them went out to the castle gardens. It was a beautiful garden, well-tended by the gardeners. The King often strolled about here when he had the chance. It was an enchanting meadow of flower beds. There was a large fountain in the middle. It was made with marble and was finely carved by the most famous of artists. A delicate marble horse sat on the top, showing the same pose as the royal crest. Water spewed neatly and gracefully into the base. The base also contained numerous fish which were as graceful, and it was decorated with aquatic plants. The fountain was silent for the vast amount of water pouring down, only the soft bubbling of the fish can be heard.
If it were daytime, there would be birds. Birds of different colours, beaks and tails. Some birds feasted on the insects and flowers, and some would bathe in the top of the fountain. There would be bees and butterflies which coloured the sky. Truly, the garden was a haven.
Surrounding the fountain were beds of roses. Both red and yellow. There was a soft and flowery fragrance in the garden, a mixture of scents of different flowers. The garden had a large variety. Lavenders, sunflowers, daisies. These were just some of the many. The faint fragrances may be pleasant to humans, yet can be overbearing for those with a keen sense of smell. Fallonye and Norith were already feeling nauseous. 
Reinus seemed to have been there much earlier than them. As he saw the both of them, he frowned.
“I believe I have only called one of you.” He said, eyeing Norith.
“He is with us.” Fallonye replied.
“Ah…that puny dog that was with you.” He sniffed.
“Insult him no further, or you will taste my fangs.” Fallonye warned.
“He reeks of filthy blood.” Reinus spat.
“I trust him.”
“I do not. The Werewolves were part of the army that went against the Dragons!” He growled at Norith. Norith growled back.
Fallonye grew silent, he was right. Yet he was wrong too.
“The reason why the other races went against us is because of our arrogance. We looked down on them, we did not trust them. Why should they trust us?” She said.
“All we need is to conquer, we-” He could not finish his sentence, for he felt pain on his cheek. Fallonye had punched him, making him stumble back. He stood there stunned.
“You are exactly like our ancestors, repeating their mistakes. Do you not think that the outcome would be the same? If we conquer by power alone, we will fall again!” She seethed.
“We are powerful.” Reinus argued.
“Even he, who has the strength of ten men will fall facing a hundred. Power is not the foundation of a strong Kingdom. If power rules, the Kingdom would be shaken.” Like Garador… She thought.
He continued to stand still in utter disbelief. Yet she knew he was reflecting on her words. There was conflict in his eyes. 
A moment of silence before he said, “So be it! In all honesty, I am not keen on partnering with you. However, as humiliating for me to admit, I need your power.”
“What exactly is your duty?” Norith asked.
“Heh…A scum like you need not know.” Reinus sneered.
Fallonye ignored his taunt, and replied, “Our ancestors once ruled the land, they have lost the throne, and we have to reclaim it.”
Norith said naught. There was a sound of slow footsteps on the pavement. The three of them quickly ducked behind the cover of the bushes. Fallonye peeked through a small opening through the leaves. She could faintly see a patrolling guard walking along the garden’s pathway. He continued marching along the path, and to their horror stopped right in front of them. Their breaths hitched as the guard squinted his eyes at the bush they were hiding behind. After a few slow seconds, the guard continued his way.
They let out a sigh of relief, after all it was suspicious for the three of them to be here. They got up slowly, ensuring that no one else was lingering around. Listening carefully, there was nothing to be heard but the humming of the crickets and the gentle lapping of water.
“I called you here to settle an agreement. If we want to conquer this land, we need to work together.” Reinus explained.
“We have little choice.”
“Whatever, if you are ready, we meet at dawn on the morrow in the Dead Woods.” Reinus said.
She knew she was not prepared, but time would not wait for her.
“I will see you there.”
Chapter 10: Sworn Upon a Boulder
Fallonye looked out of her window for probably the last time, so did Norith. It was dark, and the moon was high up in the sky. A small cool breeze swept into the room, rousing up the curtains. The next day they would leave, and not whisper to anyone. They would just disappear. Fallonye gathered all her necessary belongings, consisting of different weapons, clothes and some maps. The tureks were ever restless, producing loud screeches in the dark.
The ball has just finished, everyone has left the ballroom. Fallonye and Norith returned to the ballroom just before it ended. They took the chance to eat their dinner before the food was cleared. During the ball, Fallonye did converse with few of the nobility, but did not talk to the royal family of Damados. Norith, acting as the Head Knight, had the opportunity to converse with King Marcoh. Norith did say afterwards that King Marcoh was an easy man to talk to, despite his intimidating aura.
The guests from Damados, including the royal family, returned earlier, for travelling back takes time. They were invited to stay over for a night as a courtesy, but they politely refused. Prince Leyn had bid Princess Niera farewell as she left in her carriage. King Ran did not see off King Marcoh at the gates however, giving the excuse that he was busy. Indeed, he was busy discussing matters with the Chancellor. The maidservants started to clear the trays of leftover food. Some started to take down the decorations and ornaments. They began to clear everything. Before Fallonye and Norith could leave, the King called them.
“Norith, Falcon! The night is late, report to me on the morrow!” The King said.
“As you wish, Your Majesty.” They bowed and returned to their quarters.
Kae was sleeping soundly on Fallonye’s bed, curled up into a ball. Kae seemed to have been tired out from being upset because she was left alone. Fallonye’s door opened. She did not turn her head around, yet she already knew the identity of the visitor.
“Sleep does not meet you?” She asked.
“Nay, you too?” Norith replied.
“Just thinking… Leaving everything behind after all this years.” She sighed. She was confused, she grew up here, not minding her two-century slumber. Yet perhaps it was not her place. Norith was different though, she knew that he thought it was home, but she did not feel the same way. Unlike her, Norith had no fake name, no fake gender, and no fake identity. He was free to be himself. On the other hand, Fallonye had to live under a mask. She had to consider herself lucky, for there were plenty of people in the world that suffered far worse than her, with freedom as plentiful as being in a cage. Fallonye had food, water and a bed, yet her heart felt so cold and empty. She had no home.
“Norith.”
“What is it?”
“You need not bear my burden.”
He smiled, “Do not be mistaken, I have my own reasons.”
“Which are?”
“The Werewolves have been exiled for as long as I remember. I may know not of my parents. But, if there is equality among the races, no one would ever feel the pain of growing up without a family.” He said, his eyes were looking far away, his mind was not present.
“Is there something you are not telling me, Norith?” Fallonye asked.
“You have guessed correctly. But I believe it is now time to tell you.” Norith said seriously, looking into her eyes.
He leaned closer to her as his voice lowered into a whisper, laced with hints of anger. He began, “Fallonye. The Werewolves were part of the opposition that won, but do you know why they were exiled?”
Fallonye shook her head. She had not thought about. It was certainly puzzling, why would the Werewolves, who aided the opposition to victory be exiled by the victorious? The Werewolves were exiled to the Outcast Lands. The location of the Outcast Lands was in the middle of the land of Zerelia, and its borders were clearly defined. Surrounding the Outcast Land was a ring of dry desert. Within the border was nothing but forests and more deserts, it was a place that was very dry and stale. There were no Kingdoms there, not even civilisations, only small villages with people who were exiled or children of the exiled. The place was dangerous indeed, for bandits, thieves and horrible men roam the place. No peddler would pass by the place, for it was landlocked and isolated. Thus the economy there would never prosper, and the people would have to depend on themselves entirely.
“The humans were afraid.” He said in a haunting tone, “They were afraid that the Werewolves, which were stronger that the humans, may come to betray them. At first we were supposed to be banished a few years after the Great War, but the Kingdoms decided to stay quiet. Then twelve years ago, the humans decided to make a move.”
“How…did you know?” Fallonye asked.
“When the people of Garador brought me in, they assumed that I was a mere child who knew nothing of the world. Oh, but they were so terribly wrong.” He said bitterly.
He continued, “I was at a mere young age of six, but I remember everything. Everything.”
“Go on.”
“I had parents, an aunt, two uncles, and a sweet little sister. I had friends who would play with me, create mischief, and all of us would get into trouble. We were peaceful Werewolves, we have done no wrong. And when the new law has passed, we were devastated. How could we bear to leave our homes? How could they send us to a place with only oceans of trees and oceans of sand?” Norith said angrily. “Oh! The children, the babies, the innocent! We could not just leave. So, we decided to stay, it was our greatest mistake. Without any warning to leave, soldiers – and so many of them – came in the dark. They slaughtered every wolf.”
Pain was shone in his eyes, “My parents, aunts and uncles were all murdered. My little sister…the innocent girl. Oh, Fallonye, if you had been there, she would have been the sweetest and gentlest girl there is. I carried her and ran as fast as my tiny paws could carry us. We coincidentally met with another pack of wolves who were running away. However, we were attacked by the soldiers who were after us, I was hit with a blunt object at the back of my head and collapsed, rolling into a bush. When I came to, everyone was gone. I could not find the wolves nor my sister.” His voice darkened, it sounded haunting to Fallonye. 
“And so I went on, surviving in the woods, until I stumbled upon a Kingdom’s wall. I showed up near the border of Garador – not that I knew it – and was found by the guards.” He finished his story.
“And your sister?” Fallonye was almost afraid to ask.
“I can only pray that she is alive, somewhere under the same sky.” Norith said sadly.
Fallonye sat beside him quietly, giving silent comfort to him.
“Tell me, how am I supposed to accept this land as it is now? To me, the humans were the same as the Dragons. That’s where I realised, it didn’t matter what race ruled, but who.” Norith looked at her, “Can I trust you, that you would change this Kingdom for the better?” 
“…I cannot promise that. My eyes are those of a new-born’s, my wisdom is that of a fool. I have no experience, how can I promise such a thing?” Fallonye said weakly, every word was true.
“Sorry, that was too harsh of me. Fret not, for I will always watch you from behind. So as many times as you want, fall. I will never let you hit the ground.”  
A pause.
“But how? How can I accomplish such a difficult task? How can I, a mere Dragon, conquer all of the six Kingdoms?” Fallonye asked, frustrated by the heavy burden.
“You want to conquer this land, not by power, but by trust. Am I correct?” He asked.
“You are correct.”
“For your questions I hold no answer. But do not yield, even if you are unsure, take this chance to look at the world with your own eyes! What it takes to become a ruler cannot be learnt here, but only after you have experienced everything.” He said.
“I am afraid.” She confessed. “The path that I chose. Is it right?”
“I know not, but time will tell.” 
A few hours had passed. The sun has not risen yet, but it was time to leave. After seventeen years, Fallonye would finally leave Garador. She would finally leave her shelter of iron walls. Perhaps it meant naught for Norith, for he ventured out of the Kingdom often. Yet Fallonye hardly stepped out of Garador, the unseen path was daunting. Before Fallonye departed, she snuck into the pantry. It was three hours past midnight, so no one was awake at that time, yet she still needed to make minimum noise. Fallonye rummaged through the kitchen, careful to not mess up the things. She brought some bread and smoked meats. She packed the jars of jams and pickled fruits. To her dismay, she could not bring along the butter and raw meats, for they would spoil in a matter of hours.
Fallonye went to the nearest well and pulled up a bucketful of clear water. She filled two sacks made of animal skin with water. Afterwards, Fallonye started to make her way towards the front gate. She hopped from roof to roof of the houses, making little noise when she lands. Fallonye and Norith met at the front gates without being seen by anyone, they hid behind a couple of stacked water barrels. Norith slung his great spear behind his back. It was still dark, but the guards were on patrol. Fortunately, it was more difficult to spot any movements in the shadows. 
“Are you ready?” Fallonye asked quietly.
“Yes.”
As soon as the guards were out of sight, Fallonye cued for the both of them to move. Large black wings formed on Fallonye’s back, they stretched and prepared for flight. She could use her wings at night, for no one would see. Norith also transformed into his beast form. Before they departed, they heard a soft mew. Fallonye spotted Kae trotting towards them, angry for being left behind.
“Kae…” Fallonye trailed.
Fallonye turned to Norith. Norith nodded his head, motioning in approval to take Kae with them. Besides, no one would take care of her here. Fallonye picked Kae up gently and rested Kae on her shoulders. Kae stretched and purred. Fallonye spread her wings and shot off the ground, launching towards the Dead Woods. Norith crouched low and leaped forwards in great speed, leaving clouds of dust behind him. Unlike during battle, where he stood on his hind legs, he was running on all fours. Norith ran off in the same direction as Fallonye in sprinting leaps. Despite his speed, he left no claw marks behind, leaving no trail.
Fallonye entered the Dead Woods, the heavy atmosphere was back, weighing against her shoulders. She could hear the thriving of the beasts and insects, and she could smell the foul decay of rotten flesh. Fallonye cloaked herself and covered her mouth with a mask in order to avoid inhaling toxic gases. Everywhere around the Dead Woods grew fat, bright purple mushrooms which were as large as a hand. These vile things released an odourless toxic gas which can be fatal. Fallonye flew above the trees, yet was unable to see anything beneath. She landed on a small open clearing, flying was not possible in this blockage of branches and roots. She tracked Reinus’ scent and followed it. Soon enough, she found him standing on a large boulder, which was half-sunken in the ground.
“You are late.” He said.
“It is dawn. You are simply early.” She retorted.
“The wolf is not with you?” He asked, not like that he wanted him to be there.
“He will be reaching soon.” She replied.
“I rather he stay as the dog of the army.” He shrugged.
Kae mewed and jumped off Fallonye’s shoulder, landing on Reinus’ shoulder. Kae sniffed Reinus curiously, licking his chin with her tiny tongue.
“You brought a cat?” He asked, bewildered. He felt uncomfortable with the small creature sitting on his shoulder.
“Don’t question.” She said. Reinus merely shrugged.
A rustle of branches could be heard, Norith’s beastly body protruded from the coverage of the leaves. He used one huge claw to swipe away the foliage.
“Well, well. Here comes the dog.” Reinus smirked.
Norith growled in response, baring his large fangs at Reinus, before transforming back into his human form. Norith glared at Reinus and Reinus glared back.
“Time is short. What will be our plan?” Fallonye cut the both of them off, unnecessary banter only wasted time.
“I know not. However, before we decide our path. Let me ask you, little Dragon. Have you made up your resolve?” Reinus questioned.
Fallonye raised her head.
“I have been thinking for too long, so I have made up my mind.” She started. “I want to see this world for myself.”
“Are you prepared?”
“No. I will never be until I commence this journey. I realised…that this journey is the only way I can prepare, prepare to become a ruler I envisioned.” She reflected. Fallonye held her amulet in her hand, it burned and seared on her palm. There was no turning back, she rid herself of her doubts.
“And what of you?” She asked Reinus. “What is your resolve?”
He sighed and look up into the sky, seemingly thinking.
“I hate this responsibility, but the Dragon’s blood boils, it gives me no choice.” He began. “I gave up fighting this blood. So I decided. I would take whatever Fate throws at me. When I have fulfilled this duty, I will be free.”
So, he cared not of the weightage conquering the throne, but he yearned to be free.
Norith looked at both of them. Although he came along to help Fallonye, he also had a goal to achieve. 
“After the Great War, the Werewolves were outcasts, exiled to the Outcast Lands. This time, I will support the rulers that will rule over this land, and to make sure that equality exists.” He told them.
“We will tread on unknown paths.” Reinus warned the both of them.
“Let Fate bare her fangs at us.” Norith replied.
“Then, the truce has been formed. This is a deal for our own benefits, meaning we only help each other if it benefits ourselves. Do not expect me to care whatever happens to both of you.” Reinus said.
Fallonye did not know where to start, but she knew someone who might help them. Her mind wandered back to a crazy old man that was unexpectedly wise.
“We shall proceed. Let us first go north, and meet the Wizard of the North, Zor.” Fallonye said.
“We shall set our eyes on the land of Zerelia, and we will conquer it. We will follow this oath, until our dying breath.”
On that day, standing on the mouldy boulder deep in the Dead Woods, two men and a woman, with different reasons, made a declaration to conquer the land of Zerelia.
Chapter 11: A Step Closer
The morning sun has arisen, its light was beating down upon the ground. The Wizard of the North, Zor was one of the most powerful Wizards, together with the other three great Wizards. They were feared for their powerful magic. Their ability to wield the elements and even control magical beings. Collectively, the four of them were known as the Sky Prophets. The name was brought about as people believed they were messengers sent down from the sky. There was an unspoken rule throughout the land: Do not ever anger a Wizard.
Once Fallonye, Norith and Reinus left the Dead Forest, they sat down together and showed their provisions. Norith had a few small weapons and some food. He also carried with him a few small pouches and small bottles of medicine. Reinus had a container of water and a map. After they finished sorting out the items, they started to walk towards a certain direction. 
“Do you know this Wizard?” Reinus asked Fallonye as they walked. It seemed the tension between them has eased a bit, but they were still awkward with each other.
“I do.” She replied.
“Why do we need to find him?” Norith asked, having the same question in his head as Reinus.
“To seek his advice. He is a wise man, perhaps he can guide us.” She answered.
The Wizard of the North resided in the Forest of Souls, near the Kingdom of Tothem. It would take them about three days to reach. They did not know if Tothem was friend or foe, yet they wanted to avoid as much contact as possible. They did not know much of that Kingdom, for Tothem hardly dealt with the land’s affairs. Of course, they were not as secretive as the elusive Kingdom of Linthas in the South-East.
They walked along the Road of Zunn, the pathway from Garador to Tothem. When there is a road, there would certainly be inns. They needed to purchase some mounts, for walking on foot would be too tiring, and flying would get them immediately spotted. Fallonye was lucky to gather some gold before they left. Reinus also seemed to have a hefty sum of gold and silver coins.
The group would need to stray from the Road of Zunn, for it was far too risky. They could easily be spotted by spies from the Kingdoms. They no longer belonged to any Kingdom, they were outcasts. Fallonye wondered what was happening in Garador right now. The King would probably be furious, or even stumped. It was to be expected though, he had just lost two of his trump cards.
They continued walking in awkward silence. Fallonye and Reinus knew naught about each other, and Norith loathed Reinus. A few more minutes of silence, before Fallonye started a conversation. Besides, if the three of them had to travel together, they might as well try to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Have you seen the Great War?” She asked Reinus, hoping to start a decent conversation.
“I was only a toddler then, before being sent to slumber. I cannot remember much.” He replied nonchalantly.
“What do you remember?” 
“I cannot say that I am sure. All I recall was a sea of fire and blood.”
“Do you think there are any more Dragons in this land?” Fallonye asked.
Reinus shrugged, “I doubt so, the Dragons were annihilated, we were lucky.”
At the back of his mind Reinus thought, Are we really lucky though?
“An inn is in sight.” Norith informed. Kae mewed, as if confirming what Norith said. Kae leapt off Reinus’ shoulder and landed lightly on the ground. She trotted ahead in front of everyone, curling her tail.
The inn was a small three-level log cabin, it was old but was well-maintained. They entered the inn. There were wooden tables and chairs, and a strong smell of alcohol and food. It was dimly lit by the candles. There were very few people. Fallonye looked around, seeing two people together talking loudly at the bar, and another person was sitting at the corner. Fallonye could not see his face for it was cloaked.
“Welcome to the Brass Inn!” A young woman greeted them. She had curly black hair tied into a bun and seemed about twenty summers of age.
“My name is Reev Burness, the bartender. How may I help you?” She asked.
“Do you sell mounts?” Reinus asked.
“Why, we do. We have just traded some supplies for horses with a travelling merchant.” She answered, smiling.
“I would like two-” He was interrupted by a knock on his back. It was Fallonye.
“I mean, three mounts.” He grinned, he purposely forgot Norith.
“Anything else?” She asked.
“May we have three servings of breakfast? Anything is fine.” Fallonye requested.
“Breakfast for three is it? Well, then, I shall show you to your mounts afterwards.” She smiled.
The three of them sat around the table and waited in silence. Reinus decided to be the one who broke it.
“If you do not mind me asking, for I am so terribly bored, why do you have your hair so short? Do you want to be seen as a boy?” He questioned Fallonye.
“It is part of my disguise after all. The less people that know, the less threat they hold against me.” She shrugged.
“Does it not bother you?”
“I have been raised this way, I am used to it.” She replied. Their tension between them finally settled down, all previous battles forgotten. Yet Norith and Reinus still dislike each other.
“Anyway, you seem eager to fulfil this duty, why is that so?”
Fallonye did not answer his question, for she had no answer, “You seem quite eager to complete it as well.”
“You wouldn’t understand.” He muttered softly, even Fallonye could not hear.
“What?”
“Nothing.” He changed the subject, “And what about this puppy? He seems so eager to follow you around. Is he your lover?” He sneered at Norith.
Norith growled, ready to attack him, but Fallonye stopped him.
“We are in front of many eyes and ears, cause no disturbance.” She told Norith. “Reinus, another word of such and I will tear you up myself.” She warned.
Norith grunted and sat back down while Reinus shrugged. Reev came up to them with a tray on each hand. She placed down three plates and three mugs. It was a delicious breakfast indeed. Scrambled eggs and smoked meat, together with bread, butter and jam. The mugs contained sweet apple juice. It was a simple meal, but delightful. The three of them ate their meal contently. After they have finished, Reev walked towards them. 
“Follow me, I will lead you to the stables.” She said.
They thanked her. They walked out the back of the inn, where the stables were situated. Reinus picked out a black and white horse and Norith picked a brown one. Fallonye picked out the black one. The horses were not as grand or expensive as the ones in the castle, but they were sturdy. They paid Reev a few gold coins and saddled up their horses.
“Will you name him?” Reinus asked Fallonye.
“Dusk.” She replied.
“That was fast indeed.” He joked. Fallonye shrugged, stroking Dusk’s mane.
They mounted their horses and left on their way. This time they diverted from the Road of Zunn. They planned to walk the small path along the Ghonzen River, it would still lead them to the Forest of Souls. The group walked along the river bank, with the sound of running water accompanying them. The path was laid with rocks, yet it was nothing the horses could not handle. The Ghonzen River was the main river in Zerelia. The river was very wide. The other bank was difficult to see, for it was just a thin smudge beyond the horizon. The water was pure and crystal clear. Small silver fish swam in schools together in the water. There were birds, especially those with long beaks and large claws gliding above the water. There were plentiful of insects as well, some were as small as an ant, while some were as big as Kae. There were green shoots growing out from the spaces in-between the pebbles and rocks. At the edge of the shoots were purple, roughly shaped fruits about the size of a strawberry. These fruits were called Welberries, which were a delicacy of Zerelia. The berries only grew at the banks of the river.
They continued along the banks, with Fallonye in the lead.
“It is rare for women to ride horses and wield weapons in our kingdom, little Dragon.” Reinus commented.
“Woman are not permitted in our army. Fallonye is an exception.” Norith said.
“Perhaps it is because she looks like a male.” Reinus teased.
“Funny how you mistaken a woman for a man. Is you sense of judgement that poor? Or are you that foolish?” Fallonye mocked back.
Reinus seemed to be flustered for a moment, for there was a tinge of red in his cheeks. He said no more, and silence resumed. It would take three days on horseback to reach the forest. Dusk trotted quietly, neighing softly every once in a while. Fallonye could not imagine how this journey would go, their group was certainly awkward. Soon they would have to break the barriers to cooperate, yet Fallonye wondered how it would be possible. 
They soon reached a smaller river, which was diverted from the main river. There was no bridge to let them cross, for no one builds a bridge when there is no path. They pulled their horses’ reins and stopped in front of the river. They tested the waters, which was quite deep and wide.
“It is almost sundown, shall we cleanse ourselves in this stream and camp here for the night?” Reinus suggested.
“Indeed.” Fallonye agreed. They started to cross the river, it was so deep that they had to swim. Norith and Reinus went ahead first, pulling their horses with them. As Fallonye tried to get Dusk to follow her, it refused to budge after the water has reached its neck. Dusk whined and pulled away, not wanting to go deeper. It was most likely that it was Dusk’s first time crossing deep water. Fallonye touched its neck, trying to urge it to move forward, yet it would not listen. One hand grabbed onto Dusk’s reins, it was Reinus.
“We haven’t got all day.” He muttered as he helped Fallonye with the horse. Eventually they managed to bring Dusk across the river. It turned out – in fact – that Dusk was an excellent swimmer, it was just his uncertainty that caused him to be afraid.
The afternoon sun started to sink into the horizon, the sky was painted a dark yellow. It was becoming dark soon, and they would have to seek shelter. Norith founded an open clearing right beside the river, which was suitable to set up camp. They began to set up the campsite before the sun sets. They took turns to bathe, Fallonye told them she would go last. When it was Fallonye’s turn to bathe, she took her satchel with her and proceeded to go towards the river. She chose a spot that was hidden by the trees but was not too far from the campsite. She carefully looked around and tried to smell if there was anyone present, and when she was sure that she was alone, she started to undress.
She stepped into the cool, clean water and submerged herself. Fallonye savoured the moment when the pure water caressed her skin gently and got rid of all the dirt. Looking into the water, she picked out a palm-sized smooth stone that was covered in a certain type of medicinal algae. It was not the best material, but at least she could scrub away all the grime from her body. After she had finished, she dried herself with a cloth and dressed up with a new set of clothes from her sack. Fallonye then rinsed her worn clothes in the water. She tied a rope from one end of a tree to another, and hung her wet clothes on it to dry.
When Fallonye returned, Norith gave the two of them a small pouch each. The small pouch contained powdered herb which releases a strong smell that they can track. In case there was trouble, they can burst the pouch in order to inform the others on their whereabouts.
“I shall hunt.” Fallonye said, taking her leave. Although they had dried foods, it was best to reserve them until there was no fresh food to be found. Meanwhile, Norith was catching fish in the river using his spear. Reinus had set off to find some firewood for the campfire.
The shadows grew upon the setting of the sun, making it difficult to see. Fortunately, Fallonye had a keen sense of smell, enabling her to pinpoint her prey. She could smell a volc which was not too far away. Volcs were short, deer-like creatures that are dirty green and brown in colour. They were stout and fat, but could run at great speeds. She crept slowly, avoiding branches and dead leaves, making little noise. She knelt carefully and took out her bow. She drew the arrow back and aimed at the volc. However, in a quick moment, she changed her aim to the foliage of the tree behind her and released the arrow. The arrow flew swiftly and disappeared into the thicket of trees. 
Footsteps sounded from above, from the location that Fallonye shot at. They were soft and slow. Fallonye stood up. A man came out of the foliage, balancing himself on a branch. He wore a cloak, while the shadows hid his face. 
“You are the man from the inn.” She said.
“Very sharp of you. How did you sense me? I was certain I hid my smell.” He said calmly and seriously.
“Volcs do not come out at this hour. You laid this trap.” She said. “Your scent is very faint, but it is still there.”
“Ah…” His voice darkened. “Dragons are truly annoying.” His voice was laced with venom.
Fallonye’s eyes widened, how did he know?
“Surprised?” He said.
Chapter 12: Stories to Be Shared
Norith and Reinus had returned, they shared no greetings with each other. Norith managed to haul a few fish from the river. The horses were tied loosely to the trunk of a tree, with enough length for them to move comfortably. Norith fed the horses with a few apples while Reinus started the campfire by breathing his own flame on the pile of wood and tinder. The atmosphere was tense among them. Only time will tell if they would ever get along.
“Why do you follow? A Dragon you are not.” Reinus started.
“It is my decision, it does not concern you.”
“Just asking.” Reinus shrugged.
Norith sighed inwardly, he was not usually a grumpy person, but Reinus just riled him up often. Perhaps it was because he was the one who injured Fallonye. Norith was disappointed in himself, being unable to forgive such a thing when Fallonye already had moved on. He stroked his horse, Teggier, on the back of its neck. The horse whinnied softly as it nibbled on the apple. The other two horses, Dusk and Thunder, were standing still. Norith wondered why Fallonye was quite late, perhaps she could find nothing to hunt. Suddenly, the horses got riled up and became restless, whining and snorting, tossing their heads in a weary manner.
“Something-” Norith began.
“Yes, let us go.”
They started to sprint in one direction, where Fallonye went.
Meanwhile, the cloaked man jumped down from his position, landing nimbly on the ground. Fallonye quickly drew her blades.
“Sheathe your blades, I mean no harm.” He said calmly.
“Why should I trust you?” She spat.
“I suppose…” He trailed. His voice was dead calm.
He rummaged his small sack with one hand, his eyes not leaving her, ensuring she does not attack. His hand grasped onto something. He pulled out his hand, with the item inside it. A gleam of gold shone into Fallonye’s eyes. There was the familiar sight of a coiled Dragon, made of pure gold, with eyes of silver. And a small red jewel imbedded in the forehead. Fallonye was speechless, her eyes continued to inspect the metallic object. It was exactly the same as her amulet that was hanging from her neck right now.
A ruffle of leaves, before Reinus and Norith burst out of the blockage of trees, they took in the sight that awaited them. They saw the unknown cloaked man, and Norith instinctively growled.
“That was quick of you beasts.” He said, showing no sign of bewilderment.
“State your identity.” Fallonye ordered, recovering from her stunned state. “Where did you get that amulet?”
“T’was a gift, from my mother.” He replied.
A strong realisation started to befall upon Fallonye, so was Reinus. Perhaps it was due to their ancient blood, or just an insistent tug of their instinct.  
“You are a Dragon.” She stated.
He smiled dangerously, before spitting on the ground.
“I am afraid you are wrong, I would not be beasts like you.” 
“Yet you are not human.” Reinus suspected.
The man smiled bitterly once more. He brought both hands to his head and removed his hood. He had purplish-black hair, the same shade as Fallonye’s. Yet his eyes were of a different colour. Instead of the purple shade of eyes, a fiery red pair replaced them. He looked hauntingly similar to Fallonye. There was dead silence among them. Little by little, they began to trace out the similar features between the man and Fallonye.
“Shall I introduce myself, dear sister?” 
“How-” Fallonye stuttered.
“We bear the same mother, but different fathers.” He started. “It was long before you were born, before the Great War. Your mother once fell in love, with a human. It was a foolish love.”
His voice was tense, “How can a human and Dragon fall in love? One had eternal life, while the other would die in less than a century.”
The trio said naught, and quietly listened to the man. Somehow, they dared not go against his word.
“Again, I mean no harm. I have long awaited this day. Let me tell you a story. Come, sit and listen carefully. Or you can choose not to.” He said as he sat down. The others sat down hesitantly. They had to leave behind their campsite vulnerable to bandits and thieves, but they felt that they had no choice but to obey. Maybe it was due to the mystery that shrouded this man, or his calm dominance.
“Where was I? Ah…They fell in love, so in love, and thus I was born. The runt, the outcast. The useless lifeform that had contaminated blood. I am being that had no powers but had an endless lifespan. A human that would live forever if I wasn’t killed. All I could do was live on without accomplishing anything.” His voiced said calmly
“I received no love, only my beloved mother cared for me. When the Dragons found out, they were furious, and they shunned my parents and they shunned me. My father ran, for the pressure from the Dragons was too much. When I was a certain age, I lived on my own. A few decades later, I heard from a certain messenger that my mother was to wed a Dragon.”
The fact that he relayed his tragic story in such a calm manner was indeed frightening indeed, for it took much emptiness in a man’s heart to bypass emotions of the past. If they did ask why he could talk with such composure, it was certain that he would reply ‘After two centuries, the past has become nothing but a mere story.’ 
“I did not oppose their marriage, they seemed truly in love after all. Yet I could not learn to support the Dragons. They did horrid things. I also could not find any reason to join the resistance. So I hid away in the seclusion of the Airend swamp.”
“The Great War started soon after, all I did was hope that my mother and her family was safe.”
“I thought you hated the Dragons, why care about her family?” Fallonye asked.
“My mother was a wonderful woman. I would want her to be happy. She was kind and loving, yet not a pushover. I trusted that a man that she would love would be as good-natured. Anyway, I waited for the war to be over. Imagine my horror when I saw my mother, drenched in her own blood, stumbling into the swamp. She collapsed, and I rushed to her, held her in my arms.”
“She was so weak, I knew I could no longer save her.” He sighed tiredly.
“With her last strength she gave me this amulet. And with her dying breath she said ‘I love you my son. I plead for you to heed my final request.’ I nodded slowly. I realised that I was shedding tears, and that my hands shivered uncontrollably. She said ‘I have a beautiful girl, she was just born…’ She started crying, and I cried with her. ‘She has the same amulet as yours. When the time is right, find her, go to her, and listen to what she has to say…’”
“I replied ‘Yes, mother.’ Her heart stopped soon after, the warmth left her body. Feel my despair, for I have lost the only person who has loved me. I buried her, and after many years, I left the swamp.” That was the end of his story.
Silence ensued, everyone tried to take in what he has said. Fallonye was confused, yet his story was not inane. No one would know how long her mother had lived, what has happened during that time.
“So, I have finally found you. Though of course I should have expected you disguised as a lad with a scar on the face.” He trailed.
Finally, Fallonye was the first to speak, “So, what will you do now that you have found me?”
“I hate Dragons, do not doubt that. Yet I made a promise, whatever your goal, I shall fulfil any of your requests.”
“And how would you aid us?” Reinus questioned, he was still suspicious. He continued, “You stated that you have no powers of the Dragon, you would be just a burden on our shoulders.”
Norith could not disagree with Reinus.
“Fallonye, I am afraid that Reinus does have a point. Furthermore, I question where his loyalty lies. He loathes us.” Norith advised.
“Oh yes. I loathe Dragons. Yet, even if the world ends, I will still do as her command.” The man said.
All three looked at him, seemingly deciding whether to take his word. The man walked over to Fallonye, and stopped in front of her. He drew his sword from his scabbard with his left hand. Fallonye retaliated quickly and drew her daggers. Norith prepared for attack, while Reinus watched closely at his actions. The man held up the sword in front of Fallonye. Suddenly, he released his grip, and the sword dropped to the ground. 
“If you don’t trust me, then kill me. What do you choose?” He said.
Fallonye thought for a moment, it was a difficult decision. She had no experience nor knowledge to deal with these situations. He had the chance of betraying them, and he also did not seem like he had any power to aid them. He was a difficult man to read, probably because of his experience he could hide his motives. Was it better to trust or not? Fallonye wondered. She was fearful, yet it seemed that if she did not start to trust now, she could never trust anyone else in the future. Her goal of creating a Kingdom of equality would then be impossible. At that moment she sheathed her blades.
She looked up at him, “I have nothing to lose, not yet.”
He seemed to release a held breath. He said, “Fear not, I have no interest travelling with you beasts. If you need my aid, come see me in the Kingdom of Tothem.” He passed her a golden badge, in the shape of an eagle.
“Show this to the guards to enter.” He said.
“What is your name?” She asked.
“It is easy to find me, I assure you. I am Dures Montho, the reigning King of Tothem.”
Chapter 13: Duty or Will
Dures Montho was the King of Tothem. Of course that information would surprise anyone, he looked too young to be a King. He was too different. Who would expect a King to journey unguarded with nothing but a mere sword and cloak at his disposition? It was certainly baffling. 
“Surely you jest.” Norith said.
“I have no reason to. You can see for yourself when you visit Tothem.” He replied calmly.
He picked up his sword from the ground and slid it back into his scabbard. He bid them farewell and departed, disappearing into the foliage. It was a moment of silence. Such a strange man indeed, to show himself, claim to be King, and walk off.
“Why do you take his word?” Reinus asked Fallonye, bewildered. “Look at him! Either he is an insane man or a vicious liar.”
“Or he could be telling the truth. To win this battle, we need allies.” She explained.
“If he becomes an enemy?”
“Like I said, we have nothing to lose. Not yet, at least.”
He looked at her sceptically, wondering if he should go along with it. 
After much internal debate, he said, “Whatever happens, I will not fall with you. Remember, this is a truce. We have no obligation to help each other without benefit.”
Fallonye did not care less, she was never planning to rely on him anyway. She merely nodded. Norith sighed and scratched his head. The three returned to the campsite. The shock of what had occurred was slowly replaced by a growing fatigue. Kae was sitting on a small damp log when they had returned. Her black and soft tail curled defiantly as her eyes pierced into theirs. The tiny creature stood up abruptly and strutted away from them with her nose up high.
“The kitty is angry that she was left out.” Norith said, amused.
Kae paid him no heed and lied down on a patch of soft grass. She yawned and curled into a ball to sleep.
“Since there is no meat, I guess fish would have to suffice for now.” Norith said.
There were plenty of fish to go around. Reinus had to stoke the fire again for it had almost died out while they were away. Norith and Fallonye removed the scales of the fish in the stream before cooking it over the fire. As they waited for the fish to cook, they started talking.
“What now shall we do since he has appeared?” Reinus asked.
“Indeed, Fallonye, he is suspicious to me.” Norith told her.
“We should visit the Kingdom of Tothem.” Fallonye said.
“What about the Wizard?” Reinus asked.
“We shall still see him first.”
The fire crackled as the fish was cooked, with some parts a bit burnt and blackened. They ate the fish delightfully, for they were starved. Kae also enjoyed the grilled dinner. Reinus also managed to find some fruits – mostly berries – while foraging for firewood. They ate the fruits and drank water from the river. 
After the meal, Norith headed to his tent, so did the other two. The night was chilly and dark. Sleeping in the woods was undoubtedly different than in the castle. Fallonye could hear the persistent buzzing of the insects and the rustling of the leaves. Yet she could not see anything outside of her tent. From afar, she thought she could hear the distant howling of a wolf, yet perhaps it was just her imagination. She had her worries, for they were near the Outcast Lands. However, one could be delusional when sleeping in an unknown territory. Fallonye was exhausted, yet sleep could not meet her, there were so many things running through her mind. She stood up and exited the tent. There was no creature in sight. She sat in front of the campfire and stared into the dancing flames. She could feel no warmth, for Dragons were resistant to heat. Fallonye felt a presence behind her. Footsteps walked towards her and someone sat next to her.
“Unable to sleep?” It was Reinus.
Fallonye did not reply.
“What a polite woman you are.” He said, voice dripped in sarcasm, but no malicious intent.
“Apologies for being polite.” She replied, mimicking his sarcasm.
“When Dures appeared, why did you not call us? You had the pouch of powdered herbs with you.” He asked.
No answer.
“Well whatever.” He said. “How did you end up in Garador?”
“Why do you suddenly ask?” She questioned.
“A little conversation could help one with an active mind.” He shrugged.
Fallonye thought for a moment, there was nothing better to do after all.
She said, “I know not. By the time I awoke, I was already in the castle, in the arms of a woman. Yet I knew who I was and that she was not my mother. They found me in the Forest of Grievance, to the south of Garador.”
“Did they know of your identity?” He asked.
“Nay. They assumed I was an orphan. A small baby in a basket.”
“I thought the King cared not for the poor and orphaned?”
She shrugged, “He liked my eyes, or perhaps the bloodlust in them. I had potential.”
“You certainly do.” He said, “And what about the shapeshifters in your Kingdom, could they not smell that you were a different creature?”
“Since you know how our King is, afraid of potential threats, he has exiled everyone who wasn’t human. Only Norith and a certain few was allowed to stay.” She replied.
“I say…he is one lucky dog.” Reinus said.
“Why do you mock him so?” Fallonye asked.
“I don’t know, he just gets on my nerves.” He shrugged again.
“And how did you end up in Damados?” It was Fallonye’s turn to ask.
“Woke up in a forest, I cannot remember which. I kept walking and wandering, and I finally ended up in the Kingdom.”
“You did not keep a low profile.” She stated.
He grabbed his own arm in a tight grip, saying, “I loathe this Dragon blood. Do you understand? To be thrown into this world and follow a cruel fate, not being free to do whatever I please…”
“You wanted to defy fate?”
“I wanted to ignore it. I thought I could live my life as a loyal knight, do what I wish in my life.”
“Why did you not?”
“The blood boiled furiously, it would not leave me in peace. I knew that if I continued to ignore it, it would haunt me every day, like an accursed spirit. It gnawed on my mind and spat on my dreams. I could not keep myself sane. ” He sighed. “That is why, I will definitely accomplish this duty, so I can be free.”
As she listened to his words, Fallonye fell deeper and deeper into darkness. Right now she seemed so small in the face of both Norith and Reinus. They both had a drive to reach their goals. Norith wanted to give equality to the Werewolves, and Reinus wanted to be free. Fallonye’s drive…What was it? Was duty the only reason why she wanted to conquer the land? She had no other reason. Fallonye clenched her amulet tightly, it seemed like it was the only thing that bound her to this world. Her reason to conquer was as weak as a thread, and that thread is the only thing holding onto her life. Perhaps she did not see before, that she was a miserable bird in a cage. Is my existence…only to fulfil this duty? 
What…do I want?
Reinus looked at Fallonye, he seemed to have noticed her turmoil. He scratched his head, unsure of how to handle the situation.
“You know… you do not need to find whatever answer now.” He advised.
“How did you know what I was thinking?” She asked.
“Instinct.” Reinus said, since he did not exactly know what she was her inner conflict.
He was right, she did not have to rush now. Fallonye would wait, until she had the confidence to answer her own question.
“Reinus.”
“What?”
“Thank you.” Fallonye admitted. She stood up and went back into the tent. She had to rest well, for when dawn comes, they would start to travel again. Reinus was startled by her word of thanks, she did not seem the type to show gratitude. He rubbed the back of his neck, awkwardly.
“Weird girl.” He scoffed quietly to himself.
Throne Room, Royal Castle of Garador.
“What nonsense! How can they not be found by now?” The King raged and fumed.
He was undeniably furious. It has been a week since the ball, and no trace of Fallonye or Norith was found. During the first few days that they were missing, he had assumed that they were handling some important matters. Then, he started to worry. No news of them have been heard, not a single utter. When he checked their room, to his horror, he found them completely empty. The King ordered for search parties to be made. He had lost two powerful aces. The King brought his fist down, banging the armchair of his throne. A loud noise resonated within the Throne room. The reporting soldier shuddered in fear. 
“Your Majesty. I am afraid that nothing would be gained by continuing the search. I believe it is wiser to focus more on the Kingdom’s affairs.” The Chancellor, Jabis soothed. Ironically, his soothing added more fuel to the fire.
“They are the Kingdom’s affairs! Without those two, what have we to do?!” The King bellowed, his face red in fury.
Prince Leyn frowned in disapproval. Indeed the two knights were vital in their military forces, but other affairs needed to be attended to. Instead of venting frustrations for a whole week, the King should have used that time to improve the situations within the Kingdom. Besides, venting anger does nothing but stir chaos. Yet Prince Leyn said naught, for he did not want to anger his father any further. The wedding with Princess Niera was coming in few days, he did not wish for anything to be ruined.
From then on the Prince became distant from what was currently happening. The raging voice of the King became muffled and soft. He sighed dreamily as he thought of Princess Niera. He felt anguish each passing day that he had not seen her. Of course, he had met with her plenty of times, but he could not bear to part. She was a soft girl, but confident. She was beautiful as well, a beauty that could match even the fairies and sirens. He knew not specifically of what he liked about her, but he was so intrigued with her. Perhaps it was the way she smiled, or played the pianoforte, or danced.
By the time Prince Leyn became aware of his surroundings, everything was quiet. It seemed that the Chancellor and the King has finished talking – or arguing for that matter. There was a thick tension in the room as he could see the King’s hardened glare towards the Chancellor. King Ran sighed and shook his head.
“We shall save this for another day, I need rest.” He said grumpily, “Butler Roney, I shall have dinner in my quarters, bring the food to my room immediately. And prepare the hot water for my bath.”
Prince Leyn looked at Butler Roney, who he had only noticed his presence now. It seemed whatever happened has ended. The Prince scolded himself mentally, for he was acting as a fool no different from his father. He should not have been lured away by his thoughts, if he was going to become King he would need to listen carefully. If he were to ignore what was happening now his actions would to be no different from his father. Indeed he was happy for being wed with Princess Niera, but they would be King and Queen. He must not be distracted by such a thing, he needed to prioritise as of now.
Prince Leyn sighed deeply, being a King was no easy task. 
Chapter 14: The Wise and Old
Meanwhile, Norith dared not sleep. He was carefully reflecting Dures’ story. His mother was a Dragon, his father a human. How can a human and Dragon fall in love? One had eternal life, while the other would die in less than a century. He recalled what Dures said. The man was not a Dragon, they were not meant to be. Norith laughed bitterly to himself. What coincidence! For he was a Werewolf and Fallonye a Dragon. They were not meant to be. Eventually he would too perish, leaving Fallonye behind. Fate certainly is cruel. He laid there the whole night, not having a wink of slumber.
Dawn has broken, the trio started to pack their belongings. They managed to catch some fish from the fish traps Norith had set up the night before. They ate bread with fish for breakfast. Fallonye smoked the remaining fish to enable them to last longer. After smoking it, she wrapped it tightly in some large leaves. Norith was busy making sure that they left no trace behind. He flattened the soil with a large leaf, erasing any footsteps. He also disposed of the ashes in the fireplace and any broken branches or twigs around the campsite. Kae was being mischievous that morning and decided it would be an interesting idea to play in the ashes.
“You have made a big mistake.” Norith growled, unamused, for he had to clean up the mess. He grabbed the pancurus by the back of her neck and threw her into the river.
“There, take that chance to clean yourself up.” He said to the drenched creature who hissed at him.
Fallonye went to retrieve her clothes that have been hanging on the line since yesterday and at the same time refilled their containers with water. After they have packed their tents and belongings, they set off again.
“If I recall, there is a nearby inn along the Road of Zunn. We need to restock some supplies.” Reinus said.
“Do we need cloaks?” Fallonye asked. They may be recognised by travelling soldiers.
“Nay. We are far enough from Garador.”
They diverted from the river bank and rode towards the forest. As they entered the forest, they felt the glowing health of the forest. There were fairies of different colours that peeked at them from the trees as they walked past. People said that fairies only lived in a healthy forest, far from the hands of humans. They rode on their horses, yet it was difficult to manoeuvre in the thicket of trees. The path seemed to have gotten rockier and narrower. The terrain was even more uneven. The rough pathway caused them much delay, yet they did not complain because of what they saw.
The trees of the forest had tall and thin orange-brown trunks. The forest was indeed beautiful. The trees bore dark green leaves and some with dark oak trunks. There were many unique creatures that climbed or crawled. The fairies were watching the three of them curiously, flying about and around them. The fairies gave a faint glow of different colours, beautifying the forest.
“I have only heard of fairies in books and tales, but never had the chance to see one.” Norith said in awe. Fallonye could not agree more.
“They are rare indeed. I have only seemed them once.” Reinus said.
The fairies continued following and watching them.
“Why are they following us?” Norith asked.
“Fear not, as long as we do not disturb them, they would not do anything.” Reinus replied.
Two hours has passed before they had reached the inn. The inn was a large wooden building with multiple stories. It seemed new and well maintained. Unlike the previous inn, this inn was vibrant. The bar was teemed with people and bustled with life. A group of musicians played in the corner. The place reeked of alcohol, even the wooden tables and chairs seemed to be soaked in it. There was a group of pot-bellied men drinking merrily, laughing boisterously. Women sat together gossiping and giggling while a group of frustrated men sat around playing cards.
As they entered, the women caught sight of Reinus and Norith. They huddled together and giggled, seemingly infatuated with the two. It was as expected, for they were certainly handsome. Fallonye went up to the bartender while Norith and Reinus sat at an empty table. 
“What’cha want?” The bartender asked in a rough voice. He was a fat, bearded man with a very round face. His hair and beard seemed like it had not been combed and washed for months.
“Do you sell this?” Fallonye enquired. She showed her hand, with a small grey seed on it. The seed was from the Kontuem plant which could only grow in swamps, thus Fallonye could only buy it. The seed could be used to hide their smell, which made it more difficult to stand out. The seeds would be usually crushed into powder and mixed with water and sugar. The mixture would then be drunk, and the person’s smell would disappear for a day.
“Ye. Got plenty of ‘em.” He said, before going into the storage to find it. The bartender managed to get his body to squeeze through the narrow doorway of the pantry. His shirt had patches of sweat and beer.
Meanwhile, the group of women giggled loudly again, before they went to the table Norith and Reinus was sitting at. Kae was playing with the cup of sugar on the table when one woman swayed her hips as she walked to them, before sitting beside Reinus. She leaned onto Reinus and grabbed his arm seductively. Kae growled at her menacingly. She smiled and giggled, ignoring Kae.
“Hey there…” She purred, tracing her finger on his arm. Reinus did not glance at her, he was disinterested. 
“Let’s play.” She urged.
He ignored her. She pressed on insistently, leaning her big chest on him. Suddenly there was a large splash. Reinus had dumped a mug of beer on her. Now she was dripping of alcohol. Kae also toppled the cup of sugar, covering the woman’s whole legs with the white powder. She screeched and wailed, before running into the washroom. Kae sat down contently, her nose high up in the air as she looked down at the mess smugly.
“Was that not too harsh?” Norith said, amused.
“She was annoying.” Reinus shrugged.
Fallonye bought the seeds. It was good enough to last for the journey, considering that they use it only when necessary. Before she could take a step towards the table, two burly men stopped in front of her. They reeked of sweat and alcohol, their face was oily and haggard. They grinned down at Fallonye.
“Hey’a miss, you must be lonely.” One said, grabbing her shoulder.
Fallonye sighed inwardly, she hoped that her short hair would trick their eyes, but it seemed that her small stature had betrayed her disguise. Honestly, she wondered how Reinus could not notice her true gender. 
“Sorry, I am busy.” Fallonye forced a smile and tried to walk past them. However, they grabbed her shoulder in a tighter grip.
Fallonye sighed, it seems that it cannot be helped. She was about to punch the man when Reinus stepped in front of her. He grabbed the man’s hand and squeezed it with inhumane strength.
“She is with me.” He smiled dangerously.
The two men jumped back like frightened dogs and scurried away.
“That was unnecessary.” Fallonye said.
“If I had not intervened, you might have killed them.” He smirked. “You said yourself not to stand out, am I right?”
She ignored him. They left the inn with haste, not even stopping by for lunch, for the atmosphere was stifling. They rode off on their horses, stopping only ten minutes away from the inn to eat.
“Why eat here if it was only minutes away from the bar?” Fallonye asked.
“The people there were annoying, trust me it is a much better decision to eat here.” Reinus said, and Norith agreed.
They ate the dried meat and smoked fish that they brought with them for there was no hunt anywhere. Norith pointed out a tree which was stouter and shorter than the rest. He took a knife and gave a light scrape at the tree’s trunk. A thick, transparent sap started to leak out from the cut. Norith collected the sap and boiled it in a small cauldron that he has brought with water. After boiling, he told them to drink it, which they did. The drink was delicious, a nice touch of sweetness in it. They read the map and drew their course before setting off again. They diverted from the Road of Zunn and walked along the Ghonzen River again.
As they walked, they had to go over a few hills and plateaus, but they were not steep. They managed to get by with ease. They travelled until dusk, before setting up camp on a shallow hill. Fallonye managed to hunt birds with her bow and arrow, and they had a wonderful supper of bird meat. The next morning was another plain meal of dried meat and bread – which has already gotten quite stale. They continued riding again until late afternoon, crossing the Road of Kargan.
“Look! The Forest of Souls.” Norith said, pointing ahead.
Indeed, there was a sea of yellow in front of them. The trees bore leaves of the fall, the trunks were blackened and wrinkled. They resembled willow trees but of a different colour and shade. They were gigantic, and old. There were many species of birds, adding a myriad of colours to the golden sea. The forest had a dry and cool atmosphere, there were plenty of animals, but few insects. They walked further into the forest.
“Do you know how to find him?” Norith asked Fallonye.
“Yes. I have met him a few times.”
They stopped in front of a large tree, much larger than the other trees. The ground was covered by a heap of golden leaves which also blanketed the whole forest. She dismounted her horse and tied the lead on a small wooden pole that imbedded in the ground.
“Are you certain you know the place?” Reinus asked.
“Watch.” Fallonye said. She crouched down and swept away the pile of leaves near the tree. There was a wooden trapdoor beneath the leaves. Fallonye held the ring handle and pulled open the trapdoor. A hole was revealed together with a ladder. Fallonye started to descend using the ladder, Norith and Reinus followed. The narrow hole widened into a large cavern. The place was dimly-lit, the ceiling and walls were supported with wooden beams. The place was well furnished. There was a small fireplace against the wall, a rocking chair in front of it, a table and a few chairs were placed in the middle. 
“A pleasant home.” Reinus commented.
“This is only for show.” Fallonye said.
There was a sudden creaking of wood.
“Aha! Aha! Falley! You here!” A voice cackled excitedly.
Norith and Reinus tensed in shock. They spun their heads around quickly. There was a very short and small man sitting on the rocking chair, with a bowl of soup on his lap and a spoon in his wrinkled hand. He wore a dull blue and tattered robe. He had a small and wrinkled face, mostly covered with an insanely long beard, as long as his own body. A large pointed black hat rested on his head.
“Since when was he there?!” Norith exclaimed, bewildered. Just a few seconds ago, there was no one there, and they did not sense his presence either.
“He is a Wizard, this is nothing to be surprised about.” Fallonye said calmly.
The Wizard brought the spoon to his mouth, about to drink the steaming soup. His spoon tilted and the hot liquid spilled onto his cloak.
“Careless! Careless!” He exclaimed to himself. He grabbed the cloth on the table with his small wrinkled hand and dabbed it on his cloak.
“Nice to see you again, Zor.” Fallonye said.
The man looked up at Fallonye. He grinned.
“Welcome back, Falley!” He chuckled.
Chapter 15: Below the Ground
The old Wizard chuckled and put down his bowl and spoon on the small oak-wood table. He hopped off the rocking chair and landed lightly on his feet. He was only half the height of Fallonye. His pointed hat was more than half his height. Kae mewed softly and leapt off of Fallonye’s shoulder, sitting on the carpet in front of the fireplace. He grinned and jumped towards Fallonye, embracing her gently. It seemed years before he had let go.
“Falley! You finally come! Long, long time!” He exclaimed gleefully.
“Sorry for not visiting you for many seasons.” Fallonye apologised.
“No problem! No problem!” He chuckled.
Zor took a closer look at her face. He exclaimed worriedly, “Oh no! Oh! Where’d you get that scar?!”
Reinus shifted uncomfortably, looking down at the ground.
“A mere accident during sparring. Unfortunately, I was not concentrating.” She replied, her voice betraying no emotion.
“Careless of you!” He sighed.
Reinus looked at Fallonye, bewildered. So did Norith.
He turned to Reinus and Norith, who seemed to be shifting uncomfortably in their spots.
“Why! Who are these young gentlemen?” He asked merrily.
“They are my companions.” She replied.
The old Wizard was silenced for a while, seemingly in awe.
“What is it?”
“Nope, nothing!” He said, his smile back on his face.
“Ah! Come! Sit, sit!” He patted the chair.
They sat around the dining table. The Wizard placed a lamp on the table, it was lit by numerous fireflies. They glowed and dimmed periodically, emitting light. He quickly scurried to the pantry, preparing tea for his guests. He poured water in his kettle and hung it above the fireplace. He went back to them while waiting for the water to boil, offering them biscuits and fruit. 
“What have you come here for?” The Wizard asked Fallonye.
“Zor…I have left Garador. The journey has begun. And I yearn to seek advice.” She said.
“The other Dragon had been found.” Zor glanced at Reinus.
“You have told him?” Reinus asked, bewildered.
“Nay, he had knew ever since.” She said.
“How-” Reinus was cut off.
“That matter is to be discussed later. Now, let me talk to Fallonye a bit.” He said hastily.
He opened the door of a room and before entering he told them, “Feel free to do as you please. Oh! And could someone please remove the kettle from the fire? Thank you! Thank you!”
Fallonye and Zor went into another room, most likely the room that Zor resided in. The room had a small bed at the corner. The bed was smaller than most, it was perfect for someone as small as Zor. Beside the bed was a small desk and a chair. Stacks of books laid on top, with spilled ink bottles and crumpled paper. It was a miracle that the candle has not fallen over atop the pile of tinder. The other side of the room was a longer desk. There were bottles of different coloured liquids. There were also jars of herbs similar to those at Doctor Penni’s treatment room. On the edge was a few pieces of yellow parchments. Strange drawings filled the parchments. None would doubt that he was a Wizard.
At the corner of the room hung a small cage with a yellow and purple bird inside. It had a very long tail. The bird chirped a merry tune as it ruffled its feathers.
“Ah. This is Cherry!” Zor pointed to the bird. “I get lonely sometimes, this fellow is a joy!”
Zor rummaged through the pocket of his cloak, before taking out a handful of seeds and small berries. He opened the cage door and fed the small bird. He closed the cage door again and sat on his bed, motioning Fallonye to sit on the stool in front of him. Fallonye sat on the stool awkwardly, for the stool was too short for her.
“Falley, what do you plan to do?” He asked, his tone was more serious.
“To dominate the land.” She replied, getting more comfortable in her seat.
He looked at her and stroked his beard in thought. He worried for her, for she knew naught of this land. The only times she had gone out of the Kingdom were usually to visit him, and that was because the King ordered her to. King Ran dared not meet the Wizard himself, but wanted his power, and thus sent Fallonye to talk to him. Zor pitied the girl, for her burden was too great. The weight of the land falls on her shoulders, but with her legs lie no support of wisdom.
“You are hesitant.” He stated. “What hinders you?”
“I know not where to begin. I do not want to control with mere power. I want to gain allies using trust.”
“That is a good start.” He said. “Yet you still know very little.”
“Tell me, what am I to do?”
“Why do you seek help from me?” Zor asked.
“You are who I trust…and before you were named a Prophet.” Fallonye said.
“I…have discarded that name long ago…” Zor trailed, “Prophets are seen as blasphemous people.”
 “It is alright. Tell me what you are allowed to.” Fallonye said, “Please, Zor. I need to know.”
Zor sighed, “There is this man who bears more knowledge than I. Go to the Kingdom of Tothem. You shall meet a man named Dures Montho.” 
“I have met him!” She stated.
“Have you now?” He was bewildered. “That is good! Good! Hear from him. I can only warn you, beware the Kingdoms and beware those who walk the night.”
Fallonye could not understand him. Who were those that walked the night? What was she to fear of?
“Oh! And Falley, trust is important, but without power, no one can depend on someone who is weak.” He said.
He was right, no one needs a weak leader. Fallonye sighed and smiled. She had much to learn. They talked further, but only about casual things.
Meanwhile, Norith and Reinus were walking around the small shelter. Kae was still sleeping soundly in front of the fireplace. Norith saw an old clock placed on the shelf. He fiddled with it, and it made a funny sound and stopped ticking. Norith panicked and placed it back on the shelf, hoping that no one saw what he did. Reinus was staring at the fireplace.
“I say, why would there be a need for a fire, it is already too humid in here. No windows nor holes!” Norith complained.
“Indeed, I wonder how the Wizard can tolerate this humidity.” Reinus said.
“And oh! Isn’t it getting hot with that fire here?” Norith grumbled.
Reinus placed his hand in the fire, his eyes seemed solemn, he said, “We…don’t feel heat. It would be a blessing if we did.”
All was quiet, somehow, Norith seemed to understand how Reinus felt. Imagine the world without feeling warmth, and not understanding the pains of fire. Suddenly, the door opened, revealing Fallonye. She stepped out of the room.
“I will go outside for some fresh air.” She informed the two.
Zor called Reinus into the room, he wanted to perform the same interrogation on Reinus. Norith would be last. Fallonye climbed out of the hole, a sudden burst of crisp air filled her nose. It was certainly too stuffy in his shelter. She sat there for a while, relishing the cool and clean breeze. She patted the horses as they softly neigh at her. Norith came out after her.
“Hey.” He said.
“Hey.” She said back.
“Did the Wizard help you?” He asked.
“He did.”
“How do you know him?” Norith brought up another topic.
“The King ordered me to find him, he wanted me to make him our ally.” She answered.
“And how did he know that you are a Dragon?”
“I, too, do not know.”
A moment of silence. They watched the scenery that unfolded in front of them together. There were small rabbits scurrying about into and out of the bushes. There were birds that chirped above them in the leaves. The butterflies of many different shades fluttered around them. The most astounding thing were the fairies that greeted them. Slowly, they came out of the forest, watching the both of them. One of the fairies, a blue one, floated to them hesitantly, before landing in front of Fallonye. Fallonye held out her hand towards it. The fairy hopped back at first, but made its way slowly to it. It touched her finger with its tiny hands in wonder. It giggled and flew away, back to the other fairies that were sitting on the branch of a tree. 
After a while, Norith rummaged through his sack, before pulling out a ring. The ring was very simple, made of steel. A small amber stone shone in the middle. It was so simple, yet beautiful. Norith tossed it to Fallonye, who caught it.
“What is this for?” She asked.
“A gift.” He said, slightly embarrassed.
She smiled, “Thank you.”
Norith smiled back, it was rare when she smiled. Norith was slightly awkward, trying to distract himself. He walked around looking at the trees and animals. His hand was about to rest on the black trunk when a voice startled him.
“No touch! No touch!” Zor exclaimed. His small head sticking out of the burrow.
Norith redrew his hand immediately in response.
“This is the Forest of Souls! No touch trees, for it will anger them!” Zor said.
“Sorry.” Norith apologised.
“No matter! Come! Come in! Important!” He called out.
Norith and Fallonye followed Zor back in. They saw Reinus sitting at the table. Kae was lying down on his lap. He was sipping a cup of tea that Zor had prepared. Zor told them to sit as he prepared the tea for them. He crushed the tea leaves and put them into the cup, he then poured in the hot water. He passed the cups to them to drink, and they thanked him. Zor also left a bowl of creamy milk for Kae to drink. As they sat around the table drinking their tea, Zor asked Fallonye a question.
“There’s a favour I would like to ask, Falley.” Zor said.
“What is it?” She asked.
“Follow! You too, Dragon boy.” He said.
The three of them followed Zor. Zor stopped in front of a bookshelf. He took off his hat and stuck his hand into it, pulling out a short wooden cane. He tutted the bookshelf with the cane twice. The bookshelf creaked and swung open, revealing a hidden passageway. Fallonye had expected that it would be a damp and mouldy room, full of nothing but dust and webs. Yet to her surprise – and to everyone’s – the room was neat and tidy. A bed was nicely done on the side. The small side table had a vase of yellow roses. A desk was placed against the wall, only a piece of parchment laid on it, with an ink bottle and quill placed neatly on the corner.
The room was warm and comfortable. If it was not for the absurd scene in the middle of the room, the room would have looked completely normal. Now, what lied in the middle of the room was truly out of the ordinary. There laid a red furry carpet. Atop the carpet was a small, petite girl that seemed to be floating. She sat crossed-legged as she levitated above the carpet. She seemed no older than eight summers. Silky, white hair ran straight down till half her back. Her body was milky white, almost as white as the white gown she wore. Her tiny hands were softly clasping a crystal ball that rested upon her legs. The girl was staring at the crystal ball, not noticing the visitors. 
“Leil! Leil! Come meet these people!” Zor called out.
The girl snapped out of her trance and stared at the group of people. Fallonye gasped as she saw the girl’s face. For one eye was a beautiful amber, and the other was a dull white.
Chapter 16: Mysteries Never Explained
The girl looked up at them. Her face showing neither surprise nor any other emotions. She landed softly on the carpet, she did not float anymore. Perhaps my mind was fooling me today. Fallonye thought.
“Tis’ no illusion.” Zor said firmly. “This is Leil, my apprentice.”
Leil bowed and whispered quietly, “Hello.”
“She was floating!” Norith exclaimed.
“Magic it is!” Zor said.
“At such a young age?” Fallonye questioned.
“She has immense potential.” He admitted.
Fallonye kneeled down in front of Leil and gently held her face.
“Hello, Leil.” She greeted. Fallonye kept looking at her eyes. Her left eye was a dull white, without any pupil.
“…Zor, she is not blind in her left eye, is she?” Fallonye asked.
“No, she isn’t.” Zor said quietly.
“This could only mean-”
“As you suspected Falley. She had seen the realm of the dead.” Zor said, his voice growing grimmer.
“She has died once?” 
He nodded, before saying, “I brought her back, barely.”
It was rare for people to visit the dead realm and come back to this world because, of course, they would have to die. And everyone knows that it is almost impossible to bring a dead person to life. How Zor managed to save her was a mystery, but Fallonye dared not ask any further.
“And? What do you want us to do?” Reinus asked.
“This is my only request.” Zor said slowly, “Take her with you.”
The whole room fell into silence as they processed what Zor had just said. Leil also seemed shocked at Zor’s words.
“She is too young! There is much danger in our journey.” Fallonye argued. How could she bring such a young girl into such risks? 
“She would be a burden!” Reinus declared.
“I know. She is only a child, her magic is not powerful enough.” Zor sighed, he knew it would come to this.
“But if she stays here forever, she would learn nothing of this world.” Zor pleaded. “I cannot leave this place, as much as I want to. But she can.”
“But-”
“Please, Falley! Oh, I beg! I have no one else to turn to. Take her with you, teach her the knowledge that I can never give her.” He pleaded.
Fallonye looked at the child, and debated with herself. Before she could reply, Reinus did.
“Fine.” He said. “However, I cannot guarantee her survival.”
Norith and Fallonye looked at him in disbelief. Reinus sighed and went out of the room. He sat down beside Kae in front of the fireplace.
“Why?” Fallonye asked, she had followed him.
“Zor talked to me just now, do you recall?”
“Yes.”
“He was a kinder man than I thought.”
“What do you mean?”
“He said that he could not interfere with our journey. Yet I know if we ever need his help, no matter how dangerous for him, he would aid us.”
“He told you?”
“Nay, his eyes did. To take a small girl with us, it is a small price compared to what he would do to help us.”
“However, would you protect her?” Fallonye asked.
“…No. He told us to take her, which is all I would do.”
Fallonye sighed, this man was unbearable. It would mean that she has to protect Leil herself. They sat together in silence as Norith continued talking to Zor. Reinus stood and faced her. He averted his eyes, embarrassed.
“You know…um…” He mumbled.
“What?” She turned to look at him.
He leaned towards her and trailed her finger along the scar on her eye as he looked at her solemnly, “I may be too late, but I am sorry for giving you this scar.”
Fallonye was taken aback, for he sounded sincere. Who knew this prideful man would apologise, and to her especially. She was unsure of what to say.
“A-anyway, I will saddle up the horses.” He quickly said and started climbing out of the dwelling. Kae mewed at Fallonye, seemingly amused. The sun has already gone down as the moon has risen. Reinus wanted to slap himself, how embarrassing of him to apologise for such a thing. Yet he felt that he had to, it was eating away the back of his mind, and when the Wizard brought up the issue on her scar, he felt guilt eating into him. And the nerve of that girl! She brushed it off as if it was an accident, making his guilt become worse. He started untying the lead of the horses when he was interrupted by a voice.
“No need, no haste!” Zor called out, his tiny head was popping out of the burrow.
“Are you a rabbit?” Reinus scoffed.
“Hee hee! Anyway, it is getting dark, it is! Stay for a night, why don’t you?” He said cheerfully.
“Is it alright?” Fallonye asked from below.
“No problem, none at all!” He grinned.
Before they went back down, Norith left a bucket of water for the horses to drink. They went back down to the living room. Norith was reading a book that he has picked from shelf, sitting on the sofa. Kae was playing with Leil on the carpet, who was curiously stroking the creature’s body. Zor hopped to the pantry to prepare the dinner.
“Shall I help you?” Fallonye offered.
“No need! No need!” He chirped, “I’ve got all the help I need.”
There was a sizzling sound coming from the kitchen, as well as the clanging of the utensils. Fallonye wondered how the Wizard could do everything alone. As she entered, the sight took her breath away. Zor was standing on a stool, frying some sausages. Around him things were floating and moving by themselves. The knife was chopping vegetables while the whisk was whipping batter in a bowl. This is magic…Fallonye thought. It was truly astounding.
The Wizard chuckled looking at Fallonye’s face, “Why is it so surprising to you? Be it magic, or a Dragon, everything that is unfamiliar to someone surprises them. Expect everything, nothing is extraordinary.”
As they waited for dinner to be ready, they pondered about the living room. Norith continued reading the book that he was so immersed in as Fallonye stoked the fire. Oddly enough, although the shelter was stuffy, the temperature began to drop. Leil retreated to her room, and Kae followed her. Reinus was browsing the books on the shelf. As he flipped through the books, he saw strange drawings and words written in a different language.
“Magic is indeed complicated.” Reinus said.
“Indeed…but it is powerful. If it was simple then I fear for the worst if King Ran knows how to use it.” Norith frowned.
“I have not really thought about him, what do you think he is doing now?” Fallonye asked.
“I have a good guess he is running around frantically trying to find us.” Norith chuckled.
“Reinus, does your King not wonder where you are?” Fallonye asked him.
He shrugged, “Nay, I usually disappear from time to time as I please, he doesn’t question it.”
“You are lucky.” Norith snorted.
Zor served the food, which is actually plates and mugs floating out of the kitchen and arranging themselves on the table. Norith and Reinus looked on at awe. They sat around the dinner table to eat. It was a wonderful and boisterous meal. There were sausages and eggs, wild mushrooms and vegetable roots. Zor served a Welberry pie and they enjoyed it. They drank juice with a touch of milk in it.
After they ate, Fallonye asked if there was a place to bathe for they have not had a bath for two days after the river. Zor showed her to another trapdoor in the kitchen.
“Bring your sack and clothes, for I will show you where you can bathe.” He said.
He opened the trapdoor, which showed a stone staircase which was carved out.
“Follow the path, you shan’t get lost.” He advised.
Zor passed her a torch, which helped her to find her way although she could see quite well in the dark. She walked down the stairs and followed the tunnel. Halfway, it did get a bit narrow, but it eventually widened. At the end of the tunnel was an opening. The sight Fallonye saw when she exited the tunnel awed her. It was a small underground lake. Above the surface of the water was lit by numerous fireflies. There were small plants that hung at the walls of the rocks and the side of the lake that gave off a faint glow.
The water was crystal clear and she could see the bottom of the lake. There were small pebbles in the lake and small fish swimming about. Everything was quiet except the slow dripping of water from the top of the cave into the lake. Fallonye suspected that was how the lake filled up. Yet she wondered where the water came from, for there was no river or lake on the surface. Fallonye stepped into the water, it was crisp cold, but pleasant. 
It was no longer than five minutes until she heard footsteps along the tunnel. Startled, Fallonye whipped her head around to see Reinus walking out of the tunnel and into the cavern. Fallonye gasped in shock for she wore no clothes. Reinus saw her and was shocked as well. His face was flustered and he quickly spun around and cleared his throat awkwardly.
“Pardon…my intrusion… The Wizard told me to come here.” Reinus stuttered.
That sly old man! Fallonye seethed in her head. Zor must have told Reinus to come down here on purpose. Fallonye stayed in the water, waiting for Reinus to leave. However, she heard no sign that he was leaving.
“Why are you still here?” Fallonye asked.
“Well, since this was quite a distance to walk, it would make no sense in going all the way back and coming down here again, am I wrong?” Reinus said.
Fallonye did not reply.
“I swear I would not look!” He assured hastily at her silence. Reinus sat down against a boulder looking away from the body of water.
Fallonye raised a brow, “I have assumed that you were used to – I mean, indifferent to these things with other women. I mean you were a Head General, surely there were plenty of nobility who were taking interest in you.”
“You’re different.” He muttered quietly, that Fallonye was barely able to hear.
At his words Fallonye also felt a tiny bit flustered, yet she tried to remain calm.
“How so?” She asked.
“Perhaps…I have some sort of respect towards you…” He trailed.
They spoke no more. Fallonye got out of the cool water and made sure Reinus was not looking. Behind a tall, large rock she put on her clothes. Quickly, she excused herself and made her way back up the tunnel.
“How did the lake fill up, Zor?” Fallonye asked as he was drinking some tea at the table, “There is no body of water above.”
“Aha! That, is a mystery. And let it remain a mystery! For there should be things left unknown.” He chuckled.
The three slept in the Wizard’s home for a night. There were no vacant rooms, however the living room proved to be of great comfort to them. It was certainly a haven after camping in the woods for nights. For that one night, all of them slept peacefully.
Royal Castle, Garador.
The castle was busy and frantic in view of the upcoming wedding of Prince Leyn and Princess Niera. Servants hustled and bustled along the corridors, preparing the ballroom for the wedding. It was truly an event worthy of its magnificence. After all, it was a wedding between two of the mightiest Kingdoms. The Royal Families, Dukes, Duchess, Earls and so on. Countless of people from the high society would be attending. Everything needed to be perfect, for King Ran wanted to parade his wealth. The wedding, just three days away, would surely be a grand spectacle.
After two weeks of finding no clue on the whereabouts of the two knights, the mentality of King Ran had degraded into a miserable point. He was a mess, he could no longer think rationally – not like he really did before – and the Kingdom has begun to become even more stable.
Prince Leyn sat on his desk in his room, reading letters of congratulations from both friends and strangers. He shuffled through the letters, too bored to read them. Besides, those letters were just an act of politeness and etiquette. He stopped at one letter, and read the writing on it. The words were written in a very cursive handwriting on the envelope.
To: Prince Leyn
From: Princess Niera
Prince Leyn smiled gently as he read those words. There was something about that letter that was different from the others. Perhaps it was the cursive handwriting, or the faint scent of flowers. Or perhaps it was the mere honesty of the written words. He opened it and it read:
Dear Prince Leyn,
I shall be honest with you. Marriage is certainly a daunting step in my life, yet I cannot help but feel as excited as I am nervous. I know how we initiated this marriage was unexpected, yet I am left with no regrets. Truly, I have been with you for a mere few weeks, yet it was definitely my best moments in my life, was it not? I can hardly wait for the upcoming wedding, we are a large step closer to what we yearn for. Pardon me, for my letter is short, but I am busy as well. I wish you well, and hope to see you in a few days.
Love,
Princess Niera
Chapter 17: The Floating Islands
They woke up at dawn the next morning to find out that Zor had already prepared their breakfast. They ate a serving of eggs on toast, with a bit of butter and cheese on it. Zor also served a jug of fresh milk. After breakfast, they started to pack up. Reinus went out first to saddle the horses and feed them some fruits. By the time he had finished, the others have exited the burrow. Fallonye passed him his satchel that he left in the burrow.
Fallonye said, “Thank you, Zor.”
Zor grinned, “Your welcome! Visit soon!”
“Zor.”
“What is it?” Zor asked.
“Can I leave this with you? Just for a while, I do not wish to bring it to Tothem.” Fallonye handed him her amulet.
“Why, of course! But, Falley, what if Dures needs it?” Zor asked.
“I can return here anytime, since it is not of a distance from Tothem.” Fallonye said.
“Indeed! Indeed! Then I shall keep it safe!” Zor said merrily.
Suddenly, a pair of arms wrapped around Zor, it was Leil. Leil hugged Zor tightly, sad to leave his side. The old Wizard chuckled sadly and embraced her back, it seemed hours until they let go. Zor patted her head, although he was about the same height as her.
“Off you go now! Go on!” Zor said. Leil nodded.
“She is a silent one, isn’t she?” North commented.
“Indeed.” Fallonye replied. Leil walked towards the horses, where the three waited for her. Leil bowed again at Fallonye. Fallonye helped Leil to mount Dusk. Dusk neighed softly in consent. Fallonye followed and mounted the horse, sitting behind Leil. Kae, having superb dexterity, leapt from the ground to Norith’s shoulder.
“If you want to reach the Kingdom of Tothem, do not go through the forest, for much danger awaits. Go back to where you came from and proceed from there. Do not stray the path!” Zor advised. “Oh and Reinus! Remember what I told you!”
They bid farewell to Zor and left the Forest of Souls. They exited the forest the same place they entered. As they went further from the forest, the trees swayed, seemingly bidding them farewell. They walked towards the Road of Zunn, passing through a few hills. Eventually, the hills flattened out to plains. Up ahead they could see the Road of Zunn. As they neared the road, they could see peddlers carrying their carts of goods. Reinus motioned them to put on their hood. All of them complied, and since Leil did not have a cloak, a large cloth was placed over their head. They walked silently along the road, not muttering a word.
Five hours have passed since they left the forest, they have reached the Kingdom of Tothem. The walls were not as tall as the ones in Garador, yet seemed to be able to hold off an invasion. Along the way they did not stop for lunch, for much time would be wasted. Instead, as their stomachs whined, they ate their pieces of dried meat on horseback. The group was exhausted, for they have not had a single period of rest. They walked towards the gates. Spotting them, the guards readied their weapons.
“Halt! Identify yourselves!” They commanded, surrounding the four of them. Leil grabbed Fallonye’s shirt tightly and hid behind her. Kae growled at the soldiers. Before any more questions were asked, Fallonye held out the golden eagle, glittering in all its glory.
“Lay your weapons. I seek the man named Dures Montho.” She said. She had hoped that this golden eagle would help them pass, for they wanted no trouble with the guards.
The guards quieted and rested their weapons in awe. One of the guards in the middle stepped forward and bowed.
“Our guests have arrived!” He shouted over his shoulder, informing a messenger. The messenger ran off quickly to inform the King. He turned to them, “Pardon our insolence. I shall escort you to King Dures at once.”
“So he is indeed a King.” Reinus said, disinterested.
The guard gawked at them, astonished.
“Why!” He exclaimed, “Have you not known the King?”
In realisation of his sudden outburst of rudeness, the guard’s face reddened and he looked down. He brought them to the front gates of the Kingdom. He signalled for the gates to open. Alas, the large gates of lumber swung wide open, an unbelievable view has met their eyes. There were patches of floating islands, supported by nothing but a mere pillar of rock in each of their centres. They were like trees with thin trunks. Ropes and contraptions hung at the edges of the islands. The bottom ground had no sign of settlements nor plants, only what seemed like entrances to mines. The pieces of land were connected by rope bridges. The islands were so high that the people moving along the bridges were no bigger than ants. There were plenty of shapeshifters, especially those who could fly.
“How are these supported by mere thin pillars?” Norith exclaimed, his eyes widened in disbelief.
“These are natural. It is a theory, but people say that long ago -too long to even account for- Tothem used to be a range of mountains. The winds were like wild and ferocious swords. They hacked and slashed away at the rock, until nothing but a mere pillar was left to support the weight of the flattened summit.”
“How can those pillars hold?” Norith asked.
“We know not, we dared not touch them, many believed it to be a miracle. Some even believe it is the power of magic, blessed upon this land.”
“These islands are taller than the walls of the Kingdom. How is it we did not see the peaks outside of the walls?” Fallonye questioned.
“Magic. The Wizard of the North provided us with this barrier.” He replied.
Zor? Fallonye was confused. It was no wonder why he could not leave the Forest of Souls, which was near the Kingdom. However, she knew Zor very well, he was not the kind of man to be involved in the affairs of the Kingdoms. “This Kingdomy thing, too hard! I want no part in it. Too complicated!” She remembered what he said once before. So why would Zor go to this Kingdom? Let alone aid it. 
They dismounted their horses, for the paths were too rocky and narrow. The terrain on the ground was very rough, with large rocks on the path. They pulled on the reins of the horses. There were large boulders that they had to avoid and squeeze through in between them. No grass nor plants grew on the ground, for the warm embrace of the Sun could not reach them. 
The guard led them to the closest island. There was a small wooden platform on the ground, attached to four ropes at each edge. More ropes were tied together to serve as the handles. The guard motioned them to step in. 
“The horses would be carried on a bigger platform, I assure you.” He informed them. “It takes time, so let us proceed first. Oh and, the bottom ground is called Snake Den and the islands are simply islands with their own name.”
All of them stepped on the platform, crowding together. The guard waved a green flag, signalling to the people above. The mechanics on top started to haul the roped, the platform gave a sudden jerk and began to rise. Fallonye, caught off guard, stumbled backwards, bumping into Reinus. Instinctively, Reinus held her arms to stabilize her. The sudden contact shocked them both, their breaths hitched. Reinus immediately released his grip.
“Sorry.” Fallonye slightly stuttered.
Reinus did not look at her, he suddenly rather be interested in the rope, uncomfortable with the situation. He merely grunted in response. Kae purred knowingly, looking slyly at them. Norith pretended not to see. The tension was suddenly broken as Leil pointed below to a strange looking animal in awe. It was a black beast with four giant paws lined with claws, travelling across the bottom. It was as large as a bull and had a hard, beak-like head. At the tip of the head was a long, sharp horn. It travelled across the rocks skilfully, being able to balance well. There was a box of ores strapped on its back.
“Oh those.” The guard said knowingly, “They are called colgons, they are excellent rock climbers. We use them to transport materials below.”
The platform slowed as they reached the top, coming to a stop. The buildings were tall towers made of carved grey stone. The trees had short trunks, resembling more of bushes. There was not much grass, the ground was mostly rock and dried dirt. It was not much, but it was pleasant. The people were giving them curious glances as they walked past. They walked across the island, reaching the other end. At the edge was a hanging wooden bridge, connecting this island to another. 
What interested Fallonye was the variety of races there were. Shapeshifters, fauns, centaurs and dwarves were littered everywhere. In Garador lived mostly humans, thus it was interesting to see the people of different looks and sizes.
As they crossed the bridge, the island in front of them became larger. They could see the castle as they neared. It was carved out of a mountain top. A small boy was sprinting towards them, accidentally crashing into Reinus. The boy yelped and fell backwards. At a closer look, the boy had two small horns – difficult to see – on his head.
“Hey! Watch it!” The boy snarled at Reinus.
“It is you that is of fault, you little rude scamp!” Reinus growled back.
The boy got up hastily and stuck his tongue out at Reinus, before running of in the same direction.
“Why that-” Reinus was about to grab hold of the boy.
“Calm now, do not meddle with inferior matters.” Fallonye told him.
Reinus grunted back.
“Sorry about him, he is a pitiful kid. Half faun, half human. It must be tough on him.” The guard sighed.
The stationed guards bowed at them as they passed the gates. The door to the castle opened, revealing a large living room. The room was dimly lit by large scented candles and torches, the fireplace was empty. Red sofas and carpets decorated the floor. A banner with the pattern of an eagle was hung above the fireplace. It looked very different from the one in Garador’s castle, for the material was different. While the castle in Garador was made out bricks, the castle here was carved from a single large rock. The layout of the castle was not linear, but more abstract and twisted. It was certainly different, but it held much beauty nonetheless.
Footsteps grew closer to them. Three people came to greet the guests. Two of them wore Damascus steel armour, and swords hung on their waists. On the left was a woman with short black hair and brown, fiery eyes. The other was a tall man with silver hair and deep blue eyes. The man in the middle stood out the most. A small slim, silver crown rested on his purplish-black hair. He dressed well, but it was simple. A small knife hung at his belt. His red, dangerous eyes looked at Fallonye and her group. That man had a frightening amount of dominant aura, it was difficult to look at him in the eye. That intimidating man was the King of Tothem, Dures Montho.
Chapter 18: The Aid of a Kingdom
“Greetings.” Dures said.
“Greetings to you too, old King.” Reinus smirked, paying no heed to Dures’ position.
“My! Such insolence!” The guard exclaimed, baffled by Reinus’ rude greeting.
Dures turned to the guard, ignoring Reinus, and saying, “You have my gratitude for escorting these guests.”
The guard bowed hastily, “Certainly, Your Majesty!”
 The guard pardoned himself and scurried out. Dures turned back to them.
“These are my two knights, Trisha and Corran.” Dures said. The knights bowed. He nodded towards them, and they left their company.
“This is an interesting Kingdom you have.” Fallonye said.
“I thank you for that comment.” He replied, “Come. You should eat, for you have been starved.”
“He is every bit as serious as you are, certainly a sibling trait?” Norith whispered, amused. Fallonye elbowed him.
Dures took them to the dining room, which was similar to the living room. The table was large and rounded, instead of the usual long table. The table seemed to be a trunk of a gigantic tree that was chopped down to its base. It was firmly rooted to the ground. It was surrounded by wooden chairs.
“This must have been the trunk of a very large tree.” Reinus commented, touching the table.
“It is not. This castle used to be a rock once, how can a trunk of a tree grow in stone?” Dures said.
“Then you have moved it here?”
“A trunk of a tree cannot grow in rock and soil, but a root can.”
“You mean-”
“Yes, this is merely the tip of a root of a tree which is even larger than mountains.”
It was only a few minutes before they were served lunch, or late lunch in that matter. Dures had excused himself for he already ate his meal. The food was quite different from what they had expected. There was grilled colgon meat, which was tougher but tastier than beef. There were steamed vegetables which they have not seen before, let alone eaten. There were also a variety of fish dishes, featuring different type of fish. They were also served bread which was quite different from normal bread. The bread seemed to be made out of a different type of grain which was similar to wheat. The bread was flat and denser and it complimented the other dishes. After they had finished, one of the maidservants went to call the King.
“Follow me.” Dures told them as he entered the dining room.
They followed Dures along a long hallway, turning into the third door on the left. They entered a room with a long table and chairs. Dures closed the door and locked it. They sat around the table awkwardly, not knowing where to begin.
“I see you have brought more baggage.” Dures looked at Leil. Leil glanced at the floor and hid behind Fallonye shyly.
“It was a request.”
Dures sighed, “Anyway, I suppose you have a reason for coming here.”
“The Wizard of the North, Zor, has told me to meet you.” Fallonye answered.
“The old man.” He said knowingly.
“What is your relationship with him? Why had he agreed to put up the barrier for your Kingdom?” She asked.
“He did not tell you everything, did he?”
Fallonye shook her head.
“Zor is much older than I. I believe, older than our mother as well.”
“Surely, you are jesting.” 
“It is not surprising, he is a mysterious man himself.” He explained. It was true, Fallonye realised how little she knew of him.
Dures continued “Anyway, after your mother hid you away under the tree, she encountered him in that forest.”
“The Forest of Grievance?”
“Nay, she hid you in the Forest of Souls.”
“How? I was not found there.” Fallonye began to get more confused.
“She told Zor to take care of you, and when the time is right to bring you further away, and he did. After nearly two centuries, he carried you across the land, to the Forest of Grievance.”
The pieces started to fit together, it was no wonder why Zor knew of her identity. That old man! Just how much did he know? Fallonye realised how much she owed that Wizard, for he has helped her countless of times.
“Yurei.” He said.
“What?” She asked.
“That is the name that mother gave you.” Dures said. “Would you like to be called by that? Or will you use the name Fallonye?”
“I shall see…I am still not sure.”
“So what now, young Dragon. Do you wish to continue what our ancestors left behind?” He asked.
“We do not have a choice, for we are bound by these unbreakable chains.” Reinus said.
“You are a King, will you guide me?” Fallonye asked.
“The path to a ruler cannot be taught by words.” Dures said. “To become a King you must first become a slave.”
“And see the people with my own eyes. I have heard that many times. I do not want to make mistakes, for if I was going to be a ruler, at least I need to be a good one.” Fallonye said.
“You will make mistakes. But that is not a bad thing. Make mistakes, learn from them, and move on as a stronger person.” He replied.
“What then, shall I need to do?”
“What is it you strive for?”
“To have equality in a Kingdom…what does it mean? To balance the rich and the poor, the strong and the weak, how should I do it?” Fallonye asked.
He shook his head, “You are still naïve, young sister. There cannot be the rich without the poor, and the poor without the rich. It cannot happen.”
“Why not?”
“You are only thinking about the poor. Sure they would be happier, but what about the rich who deserve what they earn?” Dures said.
“So, how then, can there be peace? Happiness?”
“There are many ways, sister, I can even tell you my answer right now. But that would be meaningless, would it not?”
“I suppose.” Fallonye did not know what else to say.
“I suggest you visit each Kingdom, and see the relation between the King and his people. And possibly, gain allies.” He continued, “We, Tothem, are already your allies.”
“Where do I go first?”
He thought for a bit, before saying, “The Kingdom of Linthas lies in the south-east of Zerelia. I suggest you go there first.”
“Why there?” Reinus asked.
“I am sure you are familiar with the elves.”
Reinus spat, “Those scum betrayed us in the end, and they left the Dragons to die.  Why should we trust them?”
“Nothing is accomplished by hate. Listen to what they have to say, it may be of use.”
Silence.
Dures sighed, “All I can do is give advice, the decision lies in you. Anyway, you are free to take a look around my Kingdom if you wish. Perhaps you could learn a thing or two.”
“Perhaps I already have learnt something.” Fallonye said. “When I met you in the forest, did you know why I doubted that you were a King?”
“Mayhap it was the ragged clothes that I wore?”
“In order to get me to trust you, you risked your life. I do not know much, but it was unwise.” She continued, “By risking your life on such a foolish bet, you risked the state of the whole Kingdom. What if I had killed you then and there? A person cannot function without his head. That is the same with a Kingdom.”
“…That was certainly unwise of me. As a King, I carry the weight of the Kingdom, which is your point, am I right? Your words hold much value, for even I, who have lived for centuries, can make mistakes.” Dures said.
“Time can shape your wisdom.” Norith said.
“Indeed, but age cannot measure it.”
Chapter 19: Half and Impure
Their discussion with Dures was soon dismissed, it would be a good time to start looking around the Kingdom of Tothem. They proceeded to walk across a bridge to the training grounds first, the place where people spar and train. It was on a separate island, close to the castle. Now that Fallonye looked behind towards the castle, it did not seem too huge. The King also paid little priority over his riches and possessions. Perhaps she had judged him too harshly. 
The other island they had reached was flattened out evenly. The patches of dirt were formed by the excessive stepping and stomping of footwork that withered the grass. Young soldiers were in pairs, each pair within a white ring drawn on the ground. The pairs were sparring with each other. The younger ones were sparring with wooden swords, while the more experienced ones were sparring with real swords and weaponry. There was a larger ring in the middle, with a crowd of people clustering around. Fallonye and the rest walked over to the crowd in curiosity. Two people were in the middle, exchanging ferocious blows with each other.
 Both of them wore the same armour and used the same type of sword. They swung and lunged at each other fiercely, but carefully. Their movements seemed like a tornado of swords, for both of them were not holding back. Fallonye realised that those two were Dures’ Knights. Knight Trisha and Knight Corran. As their relentless battle continued, many in the crowd exclaimed.
“As expected of the ‘Swift Owl’! She is as nimble as ever!” One said.
“Oh! But ‘Hunting Tiger’ also lives up to his name!” And so on.
The battle went on for what seemed like hours as they circled each other, even Fallonye and her group were caught up in the intense fight. Finally, Trisha lunged forward, Corran brought his sword up a little too late. That moment decided it all, the sword rested dangerously against his neck. Corran dropped his sword and raised his hands in defeat.
“I admit my defeat.” He smiled in admiration.
Trisha lowered their sword. Both of them were panting heavily, sweat dripped down their forehead, as if they had walked under the rain. The crowd, grasping hold of the outcome, started to applaud in awe and excitement. Leil’s eyes seemed to be lit up in awe, her grip on Fallonye loosened. Trisha and Corran bowed to each other. They walked to the bench and drank water from the pouches. They started to converse with each other.
“Your strength is that of a monster.” Corran teased.
“Oh, shut up.” Trisha rolled her eyes, jabbing his shoulder.
From the corner of her eye she spotted Reinus’ blazing golden hair among the swarm of people. She called and wave to them.
“Hey!”
Fallonye and the group turned to look at her.
“Greetings, honoured guests!” She said.
“No- um… we are not that special.” Norith said, embarrassed. Leil’s face turned a faint shade of pink while Kae mewed proudly.
“Nonsense! All of the King’s guests are special!” Corran shouted out from behind Trisha.
“Putting that aside, come! I shall show you around the Kingdom!”
“I appreciate it.” Fallonye replied.
They spent hours travelling between islands, their eyes were filled with wonder as every sight was new to them. Due to the Kingdom’s terrain, the way of life of the people were different. Trisha explained to them many things about the Kingdom. Due to the land’s high altitude, rice cannot be grown and harvested as crops. Instead, the people grew Tozu plants, in which the outcome was tiny round grains which tasted like potatoes. Tozu plants thrived in high altitudes and dry surroundings, making them perfect to grow in Tothem. Fish from the sea which lies at the north of Tothem, also provided an alternative food supply. Rainwater was scarce, and there was no river that ran along Tothem. The only source of water was from the large waterfall from an island that poured into a lake below. 
“What if something happened to the waterfall? And it would no longer provide life?” Fallonye asked.
“Currently, King Dures is implementing a new method to obtain water.” Trisha replied.
“Indeed. He did say something about extracting water from the sea.” Corran added.
“A great King he is, for a King must always prepare for the worst and adapt.” Trisha had admiration in her eyes.
She continued, “He may seem austere and indifferent, but he is worthy of our respect.”
“Trisha! In all our excitement, our minds have forgotten that we have to bring in the new recruits!” Corran exclaimed.
“Indeed, you speak true!” Trisha came into realisation, “Forgive me my friends! We have to part ways for a while, but we shall return as quickly as possible. Take this time to walk around!”
They ran off quickly, leaving a cloud of dust behind them.
“So, where do you want to go?” Fallonye asked Reinus and Norith.
Before they could even open their mouths to reply, they heard a faint noise near them. They looked to see a small girl in a baby blue dress sitting on the ground crying, rubbing her eyes with her hands. Beside her was a stepped yellow flower with a few petals that fell off. In front of her stood the same boy that bumped into Reinus. An angry frown was plastered on the boy’s face as he looked down on the girl. The boy huffed and ran away.
“Are you alright?” Fallonye asked the girl.
The girl sniffed quietly and looked up at Fallonye. She wiped the remains of her tears and stood up.
“Oh it’s no biggie…it’s just, I wanted to cheer him up a little. He’s always grumpy all the time…” She shrugged.
“Why is that so?” Fallonye asked.
“Oh, I don’t really know. He has always been like that, he never plays with the rest of us. I thought…maybe if I gave him something it would cheer him up. But oh! What have I done? He looked so angry, maybe it was the wrong thing to do.” She said sadly.
“You did not do anything wrong, do not worry about it.” Fallonye assured.
“Maybe you are right.” She seemed to lighten up, “But I can’t find him now, could you please help me?”
“Alright.” She agreed, turning to Norith, Reinus and Leil, “The three of you can go first, I shall follow behind later.”
Kae mewed angrily, annoyed at being forgotten.
Fallonye sighed, “You too, Kae.”
Kae hopped from Fallonye’s shoulder to Reinus. Fallonye watched them walk ahead, with Leil trailing behind them. She held the little girl’s hand gently.
“Come, let us find the boy.” Fallonye said.
Fallonye tracked the boy’s scent using her nose, which brought them to a small house with a front garden. The house was made of the same material as the other houses, carved from a rock. There was a fence that surrounded a small garden at the front of the house. The garden was not maintained and plants were growing wildly.
“This is where he lives!” The girl exclaimed.
“He lives by himself?” Fallonye suspected, seeing the state of the house.
“Oh yes. We don’t know what happened to his parents.” She said.
The little girl climbed over the gate and ran to the front door of the house. She knocked on the door loudly. The door opened slightly, revealing the face of the boy.
“I told you so many times, Bel! Go away! Leave!” The boy said angrily.
“But Nic! Come on, let’s play together! Everyone is waiting.” The girl urged.
“No! I don’t want to.” The boy refused.
The boy – or Nic – saw Fallonye standing beside Bel. His face twisted into a snarl.
“What are you doing here?” He grumbled.
“Don’t be rude! She helped me to find you!” Bel exclaimed.
“Well, all the more to be rude!” He argued back. “Besides, I didn’t want you here in the first place! You’re a nuisance!”
The girl flinched in shock. Tear welled her eyes.
Fallonye whispered to the girl, “Let me talk with him, go and find your friends.” 
The girl nodded quietly, still upset at the boy’s words. She ran off to find her friends, leaving the two of them alone. Fallonye took a glimpse in his house. There were a pile of stones on the floor, and small cracks on the wall. It seemed as if he was hurling rocks at the wall.
“Well? What are you still doing here?” The boy sneered.
“Why do treat her so? She has been kind to you.” Fallonye asked.
“That is her problem! How does this affect you? Go mind your own business!” He snarled.
Fallonye placed her hand on his head, touching his horns.
“Nice horns.” She said.
The boy slapped her hand away, “Shut up! You human! Must be proud to be one huh? What now? Are you mocking me because I’m a half-blood?” 
Nic glared at her, bearing his teeth. But Fallonye can see his eyes being moistened with tears. She knew he was in great pain inside.
“Hey now, I did not mention anything about that. Is that what troubles you?”
“How would you know? You are a human just like the rest! How would you know how it feels? To be neither human nor faun…” His voiced trailed, and he sounded sadder.
“Does it matter what you are? It seems that the girl did not care. She looks at you the same way when looking at other people.”
The boy frowned and looked down, refusing to answer.
“So? I’m a monster. I’m different.” He said bitterly.
“How so?” She asked.
In rage and confusion, the boy grabbed a sharp rock from the floor and tried to hit Fallonye in it. Fallonye could have dodged it or flicked it away, but she grabbed it with her hand instead. The sharp rock gashed her palm, and blood started to flow down her hand. The boy reeled back in shock.
“I-I didn’t mean to.” He stuttered as he dropped the stone.
“Look at it. It is red right?” She said, holding out her palm to show him.
He nodded, afraid. Somehow, he suddenly found Fallonye frightening. She seemed so powerful that he was very afraid.
“What colour is you blood?” She asked.
“Red.” He trembled.
“See, how different are we? We look different, we are different, but in the end, we share the same blood.”
Suddenly, he was not afraid anymore. Instead he was both happy and sad, he believed what she said. Unable to hold back his tears, he cried and cried, until no more tears could fall.
Royal Castle, Garador.
It was a week before the wedding, and the hectic environment in the castle seemed to have dissipated as the preparations were nearly finished. Prince Leyn walked around the castle gardens, reading another letter from Princess Niera.
Dear Leyn,
I am in a carriage now, travelling to your Kingdom. I would reach the Kingdom in two days. I believe that this letter would reach you earlier than I, for the wings of my parakeet knows no rival. To be honest, I cannot wait for the wedding to be over, for I rather have time alone with you. When I reach there, would you bestow upon me the beauty of your violin? Oh, how I would love to hear it again. 
Apart from that, I would like to inform you that I have departed earlier than the rest. It seems that my father would prefer to wait until dawn of the morrow. Yet I needed to depart today in preparation for the wedding. Mayhap we could spend more time together alone.
Love,
Niera
Kingdom of Tothem.
When Bel and her friends returned to the house, Fallonye encouraged him to be friendly, afterwards leaving them to sort things out themselves. She soon met up with the group in a nearby weapon shop, Corran and Trisha were already with them.
As they continued to walk around the Kingdom, Fallonye realised something. There was hardly any tension between the rich and the poor, and between the species, unlike in Garador. She suspected that it was because there was no specific allocation for the rich and poor, they even seem to be neighbours. Garador, however, was a whole different story. The rich were displayed with pride on a pedestal, while the poor were swept under the mat. The poor and rich here were treated equally, there was no discrimination. Trisha interrupted her thoughts.
“Well, this is about all of the Kingdom. The hour is late, shall we return to the training grounds?”
“I agree.” Corran said.
They returned to the training grounds by mounting on winged panthers that were of a similar species as Kae.
Trisha looked at Kae, perched on Norith’s shoulder, and smiled, “That cat of yours, it will surely grow up to become a beautiful pancurus.” She patted Kae on the back and stroked her wings.
There was still plenty of time till the sun sinks, Trisha and Corran returned to training while the group sat down and watched them.
A small blur of silver caught Fallonye’s eye. She drew her dagger and deflected a knife that was aiming at her. The knife fell and imbedded itself into the soil. Someone started clapping slowly from the corner of her eye. A tall, lean man was leaning against the tree and smirking arrogantly. He had orange, black-spotted ears of a cat and a long, slim tail. 
“Nice reflexes.” He cooed. “I challenge you to a duel.”
Chapter 20: Stones Set in Stone
“Micci!” Trisha exclaimed furiously to the man, “Do not be rude to our guest!”
“Why, I believe she can fight superbly well.” He drawled, “A small duel would not hurt, would it?”
“You cannot-” Fallonye cut Trisha off.
“It is alright. My skills have been dulled, this is a spiffing opportunity to practice.”
“To the ring then.” He smirked.
Fallonye followed after Micci into the ring, while the rest watched. Micci drew a short sword from the weaponry stand. They stood at opposite ends of the ring, silence coursed around the training grounds. Corran stood outside the ring, spectating the match. Upon closer inspection, she noticed his nails were actually sharp claws and he wore no shoes. His feet were not feet but instead paws of a spotted cat. His wild hair was of a flaming orange as well as his eyes.
“Begin!” He hollered.
The both of them positioned themselves to their preferred stance. Fallonye crouched low, ready to attack. She was not keen on long battles, what she needed to do was to end the battle as quickly as possible. She remembered what her trainer told her before. To survive, do not fight. Kill.
“Forgive the man.” Trisha sighed, “He is one of our best fighters, and he tends to prove his strength through battle.”
Before the opponent’s mind-set was ready, she leaped forward at great speed, catching him by surprise. He blocked her thrust, yet his grip was not firm. She flicked up her dagger, sending his short sword flying from his hand and landed on the ground. Everything happened in a span of a second, the battle was over as soon as it has started. Everyone was stunned into silence.
Reinus would not openly admit, but he knew that her skills in the blade was better than his. If it was not for the difference between their Dragon powers, she could have defeated him. Fallonye was indeed one to be fearful of. Norith grinned in satisfaction, he already knew the winner from the beginning. Micci’s jaw dropped, immensely astounded. Fallonye expected that he would flare up, yet he did the total opposite.
He grabbed her hands excitedly, “Amazing! That was superb, you certainly are excellent in combat.”
“Thank you…” Fallonye did not know how to react.
“Tell me where you learnt how to handle your weaponry?” he started to chatter mindlessly. 
“Ah… It seems that he has taken a liking to her.” Trisha trailed amusedly. 
From the corner of Trisha’s eye, she saw Reinus’ and Norith’s somewhat annoyed face as they watched the pair in front of them. Trisha grinned knowingly.
“Anyways, let us return to the castle.” Trisha said.
“Just a moment, I’m afraid we have yet to visit the mines.” Reinus said, curious as to how the mines work. It seemed that Norith and Fallonye had no opposition either.
“We shall make haste.” Fallonye said.
“Oh! I am afraid that we cannot accompany you further. Forgive us for we have errands to run.” Trisha said.
“It is alright, we can go there ourselves.” Fallonye said.
“Then, I bid you farewell till we meet again!” Trisha said.
“Indeed!”
After they had parted ways. Fallonye and the group crossed bridges to reach the first island they went to when they arrived. They took the same platform to get down to the Snake Den. As they stepped onto the platform, an old, tall man joined them. He carried a pickaxe at his waist and an empty wheelbarrow. The platform started to descend slowly.
“Why, I haven’t seen you all before. Guests, I presume?” He asked in a cracked voice, grinning at them.
“Indeed we are.” Norith said.
“Aha! Where are you folks going to eh?” He asked curiously.
“Just a visit to the mines.” Reinus replied.
“Oh that is excellent! Would you like to come with me? I am a miner after all.” He said cheerfully.
“That would be a pleasure.” Fallonye agreed.
“Oh and my name is Riyo by the way.” He introduced.
“I am Fallonye, this is Reinus and Norith. The little girl is Leil. And this cat is Kae.” She said.
“What a lovely group!” he commented.
The platform reached the bottom, and the passengers got off. The group followed Riyo to a nearby cave. They walked along the narrow dirt pathway, reaching a small cave entrance. In front of the entrance stood a large colgon that was still. On its back slung a dirty green backpack which Riyo took and carried on his back.
“That is my colgon, he is an old fellow like me. Been with me my whole life.” He said. “Come on, let us go down.”
They went inside the cave, which was steeply sloping down. The rocks and walls were layered with slimy green moss and were slippery to hold onto. They had to be careful not to lose their footing and skid down the treacherous slope.
“Hold onto the rope, do not trust these rocks.” Riyo said.
They did as he said, climbing down the rocks by holding onto the thick rope. After they had reached a certain point, which is the end of the rope, they could see a long tunnel ahead and a carved staircase on their right.
“There are seven levels in this mine, this pathway is the first level.” He pointed to the tunnel. 
He continued to explain, “In each level, only specific ores can be mined that cannot be found in all the other levels. Come, we shall go to the bottom level.”
They climbed down the long stairway, eventually reaching the end of the stairs. There was a decent sized space beside the stairs which was dry and flat.
“Sit! It is dinner time after all!” He sat down and began unpacking his things from his backpack. He brought out a few packages of food wrapped in large brown leaves and tied securely with string. 
“Sir, we need not eat, there may not be enough food for you.” Fallonye excused.
“No, no! It is alright, I have plenty of food for all of us. After all, my wife always prepare a little too much.” He chuckled.
The group looked at each other, eventually accepting his offer. They sat patiently as Riyo unwrapped the packages of food. One package contained smoked and salted fish while another contained some flat Tozu cakes.
“Forgive me if this food is not up to your taste. I live a simple life after all.” Riyo said.
“Nay, this is more than we could ask for.” Fallonye said.
“A polite bunch you are!” The man grinned.
They ate the serving of food, it was simple but very delicious. The saltiness of the smoked fish complimented the Tozu cakes, which had a tinge of sweetness in it. After they ate, Riyo started to pack his things again. Riyo brought them to walk along the tunnel lined with torches, they walked quite long before they stopped. Where they had stopped was different than the tunnel behind them. The cave they were in was colder and more humid. Water trickled down the walls, forming numerous puddles on the ground. Riyo put down his backpack and took out his pickaxe. He put on his miner’s helmet made of wood. 
He leant his ear against the wall, knocking it with his knuckles, as if trying to hear a certain sound. As he knocked, he grinned.
“Found it!” He said.
He started to pick away at the rocks, chipping the wall bit by bit. As the group waited for him, Fallonye brought her finger to a small trickle of water running down the wall. She tasted the water.
“It is salty.” She said.
“Yes, it is because we are right under the sea.” He informed them. “Seawater seeps down here.”
He continued to mine at the wall, until a large chunk of rock crumbled off.
“Aha! Here it is.” He exclaimed.
He carefully chiselled away at the remaining bits of rock until he got hold of a small stone.
“This is it.” He held out the stone near the torch for them to see.
The stone was small and smooth despite its odd shape, a colour of both light and dark blue, and it was slightly translucent. It looked very cold, but gentle. Fallonye touched the stone, it was very slippery and cold.
“What is it?” She asked.
“Seastone. They only form deep in the ground, and only when seawater can reach all the way down. It is not very rare, but it is difficult to mine. One cannot mine many stones at one time, at most is two.”
“Why is that so?” Reinus asked.
“Seastone can only be found very deep down, but after time being so deep underground, it gets difficult to breathe. One cannot stay that long down ‘ere.” He explained.
“It is indeed beautiful, but there are many stones that share the same beauty. What makes this unique?” Fallonye asked.
He grinned, before gently tossing the stone into a large puddle. The impact of the sound created an echo throughout the tunnel as ripples were formed on the water’s surface. Nothing happened for a while, but soon, there was a faint blue glow that shone from the stone. The water surrounding the stone began to glow as well, until the whole puddle glowed, illuminating the cave.
“The stone is not the only thing that glows, the water is glowing by itself too.” He said. “I once heard that the people of the sea treasure such a stone. After all, they could not find it in the sea itself, but in the ground.”
“People of the sea?” Fallonye asked.
He nodded, “Mermaids, mermen, sirens. Perhaps they are a mere legend, but if such a stone exist, why can’t they? Always have been my dream to find them, hoping that this stone could bring me to them.”
Suddenly, he laughed, “But of course as time moves on people grow old. I am much too old for adventures in the sea.”
“It is wonderful to dream, it matters not the age.” Reinus said. Yet inwardly he envied the man, to be able to hold such a dream although he is mortal. Reinus had time but no freedom, while others have freedom but little time.
“Already it is quite difficult to breathe, let us go back up shall we? I do hope this was not a waste of time.” Riyo grinned apologetically.
“Oh, not at all. It was fascinating.” Fallonye said.
“Well, how jolly!” He chuckled in relief.
They went back to the surface of Snake Den, bidding farewell to miner Riyo. Before they parted ways, Riyo gave them the small Seastone as a gift. It was already dark, for the sun had set and the moon has arose. They returned to the castle by crossing the bridge. As they entered the castle, they saw King Dures reading a book on the chair in front of the fireplace.
“I see you have returned.” He said, not looking at them.
“Indeed.”
“Have you had your dinner?” He asked.
“We have.” Fallonye replied.
“I suppose some supper would not hurt. Shall we?” He asked again.
“Yes, we shall need to talk after all.” Fallonye nodded.
They sat at the dining table, having a small supper. They were served a jug of milk and freshly brewed tea.
“Dures, how long have you been Tothem’s King?” Fallonye asked.
“Fifty four years after the Great War, when King Pevon passed away.”
“You have ruled for more than a hundred years? How did no one wonder how you lived that long?”
“There are many species that can live that long. Even so, there are many mysteries in this world, they consider me as one of them, and they have accepted it.”
“I see. Why did King Pevon appoint you to be his successor?” She asked.
“After I left the swamp, I became his right hand man. He was an adventurous man, he didn’t have time to fancy a woman and get married. Since he bore no heir, I became the King after his passing.” He explained.
“I suppose the tour around the Kingdom was fruitful?” Dures changed the topic.
“It was.” She replied.
“When will you depart to Linthas? You are free to stay for as long as you need to.”
“Time cannot be wasted, we will depart tomorrow.”
“I understand. I will lead you to your quarters.”
The Forest of Souls.
“Oh dear! Oh dear!” Zor sighed as he read a piece of parchment from a fellow traveller.
Dear Wizard of the North, Zor,
You have been a dear friend to me, amidst my travels I heard some news of which may or may not concern you. I have stayed a few nights in Garador. Indeed, I knew of the wedding of Prince Leyn of Garador and Princess Niera of Damados that would be held the next day. However, I bring grave news, my friend. The forces of Damados have started to assault Garador just a few hours ago. The wedding was used as a trap, they caught Garador off guard. I know not of the situation now, for I have left as soon as the attack began, for I am but a mere traveller. I fear for the worst, Zor, the news of the warring Kingdoms may tip the already delicate balance. Who knows how the other Kingdoms would act. Time is of haste, I have sent this letter while escaping, so I do hope it has reached you.
From,
Tony
The old Wizard, for the first time in a long, long time moved as if he was young again. As fast as he could he scribbled furiously on a piece of paper, leaving behind a messy, but legible handwriting. He clumsily rolled it and tied it with a ribbon. With great haste, he climbed out of his little hole and whistled loudly. Soon enough, he could hear a flutter of wings. A grey and white owl landed on a small perch in front of Zor. This owl was different from normal owls, it was intelligent and could speak the human tongue, but it rarely did. It hooted softly, greeting the Wizard.
“My old friend!” Zor exclaimed, “Quickly now! Deliver this to the Kingdom of Tothem. You do remember Leil, right?”
The owl said in a soft, deep voice, “You are as haggard as ever, Zor.”
“None of that now! Time is of haste!” Zor said.
The owl blinked slowly, “Very well, I suppose it is important.”
“Good! Good! Give it to her, would you please.” He told it, tying the letter on its neck.
“Now, go!”
A flap, and the owl flew off at great speed, travelling to its destination.
Chapter 21: Song of Innocence
Royal castle, Garador
Prince Leyn awaited excitedly at the gate of the castle, though he did not willingly express the fact. He fidgeted in his spot restlessly, occasionally looking at the pathway for signs of a carriage. Soon enough, he heard the familiar trotting of horses and the creaky turning of wheels. In front of him was a carriage pulled by two brown horses, manned by a driver. The driver pulled the horses’ reigns. The carriage slowed down, coming to a stop. The driver got down and pulled the curtain to one side, revealing a short, brown-haired princess.
Prince Leyn took her hand gently, helping her down the carriage. He bent his head down gently and kissed it.
“Welcome, my Princess.” He greeted.
“Flatterer.” She scoffed, smiling.
“Am I?” He asked jokingly.
They went inside the castle, Princess Niera greeted the King.
“It is an honour to meet you, Your Majesty.” She bowed.
“Indeed. Make yourself at home now. What of King Marcoh?” King Ran asked.
“Father shall arrive at dawn on the morrow.” She replied.
“Very well, off you go now.”
As they walked out of the throne room, Prince Leyn invited her for supper. They walked to the dining room and sat down.
“Sorry about my father, he is a bit stiff.” Prince Leyn said.
“Nay, it is alright.” She smiled.
The maidservants served brewed coffee with some cream to add. They also served a platter of sandwiches filled with egg, lettuce and ham. There were also bowls of sliced fruit. They ate quietly, dismissing the maidservants. The both of them were alone in the large empty room.
“It is almost time, is it not?” Prince Leyn said.
“Indeed, our Kingdoms shall unite, and the new era will come.” Princess Niera sighed.
“Hopefully we can change this for the better, even by a little.” Prince Leyn said.
“Indeed.”
 They walked around the castle gardens, appreciating the serene silence around them. They sat together and observed the moon and the stars.
“Do you regret this?” Princess Niera asked.
“If it were anyone else.” He replied softly. “Do you?”
“At first, but now, I’d rather fall into the clasp of death than regret.”
“I see you have brought out your violin. Would you play it?” She requested.
“I am not excellent at it as you expect.” He said, embarrassed.
“Play on, for your flaws make you human.” She continued, “In front of me, you are no Prince, but a man I love.”
He smiled lovingly at her. Prince Leyn took out his violin, and started to play a piece of music. Princess Niera rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, immersed in nothing but the gentle sound of the violin.
Prince Leyn stopped playing the piece.
“What is wrong?” Princess Niera asked.
“May I play a piece for you? A song without instruments, one which I have heard long ago.” He asked gently.
“Play on, I would love to listen.” She smiled.
In the silence of the night, only the Prince’s voice could be heard in the garden. He sang a song, a slow song of longing.
Know not of sorrow,
Nor the suffering of pain.
See not the red of blood,
But the splendour of the sun.
Smell not the reek of death,
But the fragrances of flowers.
The land was of green and blue,
With sounds of birds and beasts.
Dancing of bonds, singing of love.
Smiles of trust, laughs of joy.
Mermaids in the sea,
Dragons in the sky,
Fairies in the trees,
Creatures on the ground.
Things we used to see.
They were unaware of it, but the garden began to change. Slowly, fireflies left their hiding places in the leaves, lighting up the garden with their dim glow. The fireflies danced slowly, perhaps remembering the old song.
A happy land this was,
But that was long ago…
Their trance was suddenly interrupted by a sudden explosion. From afar, they saw a ravenous pillar of fire shooting upwards into the night sky. The fire seemed to have come from the direction of Wendor. Prince Leyn and Princess Niera stood up immediately, startled. They could hear faint screams of anguish and the burly shouts of men.
“Quickly! Into the castle!” Prince Leyn pulled Princess Niera with him as they ran.
They reached the entrance to the castle, but no guards were stationed there. The maidservants were running around frantically.
“What has happened?” Prince Leyn asked, stopping one of the maids.
“Your Highness!” She cried out, “Another Kingdom is attacking! Please, seek shelter. Your father is in the throne room.”
Prince Leyn hid Princess Niera in his room, before meeting his father. As he entered the throne room, he saw his father yelling at Chancellor Jabis of Lanure. King Ran seemed to age by years as he frowned deeply in frustration. His figure was tense, and he was shivering with wrath and frustration.
“Your Majesty, we must act now before they invade any further!” Jabis cried out.
“I know that! Yet I have seen no guards nor anyone from the army! Where in the blazes have they gone?” King Ran growled.
“Father!” He called out, snapping the King out if his anger. “What is happening?”
The anger returned and etched onto his face. He cried out furiously, “Damados scum! I should have known they ought to betray us! Of course! Why else would they set up this marriage? A trap indeed!” 
He raged on, blind with fury, “Where?! Where is that wretched princess?”
“Father! She does not have anything to do with this.” Prince Leyn defended her.
“No! She lies, son!”
“She wouldn’t, we have given our love to each other!” The Prince said.
“She used you! She does not love you. Lies…they are all lies!”
The Prince paused, what if…what if she had lied? He shook his head from such thoughts. Sure, things were uncertain before, but now everything should be stable. But what if…no, she would never, the sweet, shy girl he loved would never do something like that. 
The King’s rampant roars thundered on.
“Bring that witch to me, for I shall chop off her head myself!”
“Father…please…” He begged, but his voice remained unheard.
Amidst the King’s incessant yelling, the Prince quietly slipped out from the throne room. With much haste he returned to his room, to see Princess Niera sitting quietly on the bed. When she saw him, she ran up to him wearily. 
“What has happened?”
“We are being invaded…by Damados.” He said hesitantly. Princess Niera was struck with utter horror. The colour paled from her face.
“Do you jest?” She asked, slowly, although already aware of the answer.
“I do not.”
“Why…why would father…” She could not speak.
“I do not know…my father thinks you have betrayed us as well.”
“Do you doubt me?”
“Nay. That is why we must run! Come, take my hand, let us run away together!”
Princess Niera looked at him solemnly, and took his hand firmly. They had no other choice, had they? War has engulfed both Kingdoms, she was an outcast. Her father had used and abandoned her. She should have expected it, for a woman was of no use as an heir. Her parents had a young baby boy after all, and he would be the heir. She bit her lip as tears welled her eyes. Everything…was all a lie?
The Stale Mountains, lying in between Damados and the fallen Kingdom of Wendor.
On the slopes of the Stale Mountains laid many pitched tents. The pitched tents belonged to the army of Damados, which had set up a temporary base for the invasion. The first wave of soldiers were already dispatched to invade Garador. In this base was King Marcoh the Powerful, the reigning King of Damados. King Marcoh was in the largest tent, standing in front of a table and discussing with one of the Commanders.
“From where we are, the only place we can enter Garador is from the bridge connecting Wendor and Garador. If they were to block of the bridge, we would not be able to give support immediately to the soldiers that are already there.” The Commander, Trone Jelor, said.
“Indeed, that is why we stationed more than half our troops in the Forest of Grievance South-East of Garador, opposite of here. They would breach through the main gate by surprise.” The King said.
“However, Your Majesty, the main gate is where many people are escaping, there may be casualties and harm brought upon the people.” Commander Trone said.
“You are right. After all, hurting the people may turn the soldiers of Garador against us.”   He stroked his beard thoughtfully.
The King asked, “How long would it take for a messenger falcon to reach the Forest of Grievance?”
“On the fastest route, I would estimate it to reach within half an hour.” The Commander said.
“That is enough time, send word to the troops in two hours. Tell them to keep the amount of casualties to the minimum and tell them it would be time to dispatch. I shall dispatch the second wave of troops here now, so that the reinforcements from the main gate would arrive quickly. Attacks from both entrances should shake them up.” The King ordered.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” He bowed and left the tent.
The King Marcoh, once alone, sighed deeply in thought of his daughter. He knew from the beginning why she wanted to marry Prince Leyn, yet he still had to make his move. King Marcoh knew at once after meeting King Ran, that King Ran would take advantage of him. He indeed felt pain betraying his daughter, yet for the greater good of the Kingdom, he needed to sacrifice someone he loved. Although he selfishly wished for her to be unharmed, it was unlikely.  Forgive me, Niera…
The Castle Gardens, Garador Castle.
“Leyn, you need not come with me, for I am a mere burden.” She said as they walked.
“That is not an option.” He said firmly, “I am coming with you.”
Another explosion was heard.
“Quickly, I know a way to leave the castle discreetly.”
“Wait.” Princess Niera said. “Do you have a blade?”
“I do, why is that?” Prince Leyn asked.
“Hand it to me for a while.” She said, and Prince Leyn complied although he was confused.
Princess Niera took the small blade from his hands and tore the bottom of her dress.
“What are you doing?” He asked.
“It makes it easier to run.” She replied as she tied knots of the torn fabric.
They snuck behind the castle gardens, and managed to squeeze through a small hole in the wall hidden by a bush. Prince Leyn held a hand up, motioning for Princess Niera to stop. He peeked over the bush, only to be utterly horrified by the sight that greeted him. The houses were ravished by flames as many people were fleeing. Dead bodies scattered about and family members wailed loudly, grieving for their dead loved ones. Soldiers were going around and capturing the people. Surprisingly, the soldiers did not kill the citizens. What shocked him the most, however, was that the many soldiers of Garador were working together with the soldiers of Damados. What is happening…? He thought.
They could not trust anyone, they had to avoid a direct confrontation at any cost. They no longer knew who was a friend or foe. However, a Garador soldier spotted them.
“Prince Leyn! It is dangerous here! Run now!” The soldier shouted. To their horror, a sword impaled through the chest of the soldier. He was killed by another Garador soldier.
The other soldier shouted to the others, “Men! The Prince and Princess are here. Quickly get them!”
Drat, they were in trouble now. Now they would be hunted by the soldiers. Prince Leyn quickly ran off with Princess Niera, making the soldier lose sight of them. It was still a dangerous situation, for the soldiers were aware of their presence around the area and were definitely searching for them. They proceeded to go through the back alley between the two rows of burning houses with upmost caution. However, the heavy stomping of feet stopped them in their tracks and they hitched their breaths. There were too many soldiers, they were going to get caught. There were more footsteps behind them, growing louder by the second. There was no other choice.
“Niera, at my signal, we shall dash across to the wall gates. Whatever happens, do not stop running.” He looked at her solemnly.
“How-?”
“Do not stop running. Even if your legs burn or feet rot, keep running as far as you can. Do you understand?” He said.
Princess Niera looked up at him sadly, tears streamed down from her eyes, “Yes.”
Chapter 22: A Moment to Decide
Fallonye sat on a bench beside the castle pond, quietly watching the vividly colourful fish wading in the water. The moonlight that shone down upon the pond gave the water a gentle glow. All was tranquil and peaceful, yet Fallonye held great unease in her heart.
“Something stirs the night.” Norith said behind her, and he sat next to her.
“Indeed.”
They sat together in silence, not muttering a word. Norith wondered what was happening back in Garador. He looked at Fallonye, who was staring off into the stars. Alas, they have broken out from their iron shell in Garador, now being exposed to the world. He grimaced at the sudden remembrance of Dures’ story. They were never meant to be… He could never love Fallonye the way he wanted to, all he could do was to watch from afar.
It is alright, as long as I can see you, as long as I can shield you. He thought.
Leil stared outside the window as she sat in her room, reflecting the times with the old Wizard. Oh! How she missed that old man. Yet she did not mind sticking with the group, for she has experienced many things that are new to her. Fallonye was the only person she could talk to, for she felt awkward with the other two. She loved to be around Kae most of all, for she could spend hours with Kae. 
Leil stared at the starry sky. A small tinge of white stained the black sky, catching her attention. The tinge of white grew bigger, until she could see a faint outline of a bird. She gasped upon realisation that the figure was the old white and grey owl that was friends with Zor. 
The owl stopped in front of the window and hovered in front of it. Its claws tapped and scraped on the glass pane. Leil opened the window, letting the owl in. It flapped it wings and landed gently on the top rail of her chair. Leil stroked the soft feathers of the bird. She saw the rolled piece of parchment that was hung on his neck. The owl lowered his head, motioning her to take the letter.
As she unrolled the letter, the owl hooted quietly. The owl has never spoken to her once, yet Zor told her it could speak the human tongue. She read the first few words, before running off at full speed out of her room. Everything was a blur as she sprinted down the hallway. Suddenly, she collided harshly into someone, and fell backwards with a thud. She groaned and looked up, only to see Reinus.
“Why in a rush?” He asked.
Leil stood up briskly and bowed her head awkwardly. She looked up at him and stretched out her hand to pass him the letter.
“What is this?”
She shook the letter, urging him to take it. Reinus took it from her and read it.
Dear Leil,
Time is of the essence. Make haste! The letter should have been delivered by the old owl. Quickly now! Pass this to the people you are travelling with. 
Now, if you are reading this, comrades of Fallonye, or Fallonye herself, I bring you grave news. It may or may not hold importance to you, but I shall relay it anyway. The Kingdom of Garador has been attacked just this evening, the night a week before Prince Leyn’s wedding. The assailants have been identified as soldiers from Damados. It seems there has been a betrayal, an unexpected attack when Garador has lowered their shields. I assume the wedding was a trap to render Garador weak. I expect that Damados would succeed, and that Garador would fall. It is your decision to whether you should interfere with both Kingdoms, but I only hope for your guaranteed safety.
Now, I have received a message as a Prophet, yet I know not what it means. ‘Be wary of the night. Holding the sword of truth. The ox shall strike its mark.’
From,
Zor
Reinus sighed in frustration. His King was already making his move, he knew not what Fallonye would do, but he needed to tell her anyway. He patted the young girl on the head. Reinus wondered whether he should pass the letter to Fallonye, for he knew not how she would react. Probably, she would either go back to Garador or move on. If she would return to Garador, it would waste time. For that short moment, he felt like destroying the letter, yet somehow he decided to pass it to her.
“Go to your room now, worry not.” And she complied.
After Norith and Fallonye sat together for a while, Norith excused himself and went up to his quarters. Fallonye got up to leave as well, it was time for her to bathe before she slept. It has been a long day, the amount of exhaustion has piled up upon her body. She entered the bath area. It was a common bathroom for women in the castle, especially for the maidservants. At this time of night no one used the baths, so Fallonye was alone in the bath. The bath area was large and filled with hot water, steam arose from the surface. She suspected there was steaming hot coal under the thin stone of the bottom of the pool warming the water.
As she stepped into the warm pool of water, she sighed. As much as she enjoyed the water, she could not feel any warmth from the water, not like she usually did. Fallonye only felt a little bit of warmth when she touched direct fire. The water felt cold and stale.
When Reinus went to Fallonye’s room, it was empty. He stopped a passing maidservant.
“Pardon me, have you had any idea where Miss Fallonye is?” Reinus asked. It felt strange saying her name, for he hardly called her by name.
“If I am correct, I believe I have seen her going towards the women’s bath, sir.” The maidservant said.
“Alright, thank you.” He said and went there.
After Fallonye finished bathing, she covered her body in a large cloth to dry herself. Suddenly, she heard footsteps coming from the entrance of the bath. She turned to see Reinus standing at the doorway. As Reinus took sight of her, he was shocked and flustered to see her clad in a towel. Fallonye was shocked too, but said naught. He quickly spun around and exited the doorway. 
He spoke once both of them could not see each other, stuttering, “Get changed now, I have to speak with you.”
Fallonye did not reply, yet he knew she was getting changed. Reinus wanted to bash his head against the wall. Idiot! What else would he expect by sauntering into a women’s bath? He was just glad that she had finished bathing when he walked in. He could feel heat in his cheeks – although Dragons do not really feel heat – and his heart ramming against his ribcage. How embarrassed he was!
“What is it?” She asked as she exited the bath after changing. Her face showed no sign of embarrassment, it seemed that the earlier situation did not affect her as much.
He handed her the letter, his face showing no emotion. As she read the letter, her heart fell deeper and deeper into utter horror. Internal debate shown on her face, pondering on what she should do. Garador would fall, the people would suffer. She thought of King Ran, she did not like him, yet if he were slain, the land would be in an uproar. She should not have a care of what happens in Garador since she left it, but yet she felt the urge to return. Fallonye wanted to see the King. After a while she slightly calmed down, before looking at Reinus. He sighed, she could tell what she wanted to do just by looking at her determined face.
“You need not come with me, after all, we are helping each other for one purpose, and this is not relevant.” She said.
“Of course.” Reinus said immediately, yet his reply was rather weak.
“What about the dog?” He asked.
“Norith never shows it, but he loved that place, I cannot allow him to know of this. Who knows what recklessness he might do?” Fallonye shook her head.
“You go alone?” 
“Yes. Do not speak a word about this, hear me?” She warned.
“Whatever.”
Fallonye quickly went to her room, preparing her belongings. She packed her weapons and a few short knives. On the side of her satchel she tied a pouch of water to drink. She slung her bow and quiver on her back. Yet, in all her haste, she had forgotten to bring along a few food provisions. She had put away her Dragon amulet for she did not want to be seen with it. Spotting the small ring Norith gave her, she decided to tie a string on it and hung it around her neck. The ring felt reassuring, probably it would grant her a bit of fortune.
Fallonye, once finished packing, stood on the windowsill. Fallonye sprouted her large, black wings. She stretched them to their fullest width, before leaping off the windowsill. She flew very high up to gain cover from the clouds, yet it was visible enough to see the Road of Zunn. She soared through the blackened sky, unseen by any.  If she travelled at constant speed, she could reach Garador in a mere two hours. Fallonye was thrilled as the wind breezed past her face, it has been too long since she flew at such speed. After all, she could not be seen with these wings.
Fallonye knew not of what she wanted to do, but something called her to return. She needed to see for herself what was happening. With that thought in mind, she flew even faster, becoming a blur in the sky. A sudden sight below her caught her eye. Below her, among the thin clouds she could see specs of different coloured lights. She found out that the lights were emitted by the fairies of the forest. They have passed by this forest on the way to Zor, the forest where fairies thrive. The lights blinked and glimmered as they fell behind her as she flew past. 
After a while, her wings started to get sore. When her wings were tired she would stop flapping them and glided through the air, yet it did slow her down.
Soon enough, she could see the faint outline of the Kingdom walls. As she expected, the Kingdom was no longer an impenetrable stronghold, but a burning campfire. Since the invasion was meant to be secretive, Fallonye expected that Damados did not set up any bases or catapults near-by, for they would easily be spotted by the patrollers and questioned immediately. That means, their weapons and supply was limited until new reinforcements would arrive tomorrow. 
Royal Castle, Garador.
“Your Majesty, our soldiers are being pushed back. What’s more, many of them are turning against us?” Chancellor Jabis cried frantically.
“I know that! We have lost half our troops. Rue them all! The traitors shall be beaten, hanged!” King Ran growled.
Only if you win this battle… Chancellor Jabis thought bitterly.
“There have been no invaders from the main gate, only the bridge at Wendor. I believe that the people would be escaping there.” Jabis said.
“Bah! What importance is that? The worrying issue here is how we are going to protect the castle. If the castle falls, so does the Kingdom!” King Ran said.
The sound of clashing metal and flickering flames grew closer as the soldiers were being pushed back. It was the sound of impending doom.
“Quickly, call all the soldiers to defend the castle! Every single one!” King Ran ordered.
“But what about those defending the districts?” Jabis asked. “No one would be left to defend the people!”
“They can escape themselves. If the castle holds off, they could return.” The King said.
“As you command, Your Majesty.” Jabis said unwillingly.
Chapter 23: A Stab in the Back
Fallonye landed unseen behind a thicket of trees near the main gate of Garador. Hiding behind the leaves, she peeped though a small hole. There were people, people of Garador running out of the Kingdom and into the forests. There were no guards guiding them nor aiding them. Where in the world are the guards? The people are running amok! Fallonye thought.
She quickly put on her hood of her cloak and tied a mask to her mouth before she exited the bushes. Quickly and quietly she walked swiftly pass the gates, with people running by her. Although the main gate was wide, it was so flushed with people that they brushed by Fallonye’s shoulder. There were no invaders to be seen, Fallonye suspected that they were coming in from the bridge connecting to Wendor. In that case, it would take them some time to reach here. The first few houses she passed by were untouched, but as she walked on, the houses were burning and crumbling. Drat, they had already reached this close. Further ahead she could hear the yelling of the soldiers and screams of victims. Quickly, she ran into the back alley, avoiding any contact with people.
The back alley was also lit in flames, but it was clear of people. The back alley was usually used to store food provisions for each household, it was also where they kept oil and hay. The haystacks, being licked by the fire, were lit and engulfed in fire. Up ahead, barrels of oil caught fire and caused a small explosion. Fallonye dashed on, unaffected by the flames. Her cloak and clothes did not burn either, for they were weaved out of the skin of the Water Snakes.
Reaching the castle walls, she scaled up the walls, reaching the top. From the top she carefully looked around the castle grounds. There was no intruder there yet, but the soldiers of Garador were defending the castle. What surprised her were that the number of soldiers were very little, and she could find no other soldiers anywhere else. There was another explosion near the gate of the castle walls. It would be little time until they reach the castle. The soldiers were shutting the large iron gates, barricading it. While they were distracted, Fallonye sprouted her wings and carefully flew up to one of the castle’s windows. 
She held onto the window’s ledge as the window was closed shut. It was difficult to grab onto the thin ledge. She knew this window very well, for it used to be her room’s window. She took out a thin knife and slit it through the small gap in the window. She lifted up the hook from the inside and unlocked the window. Opening the windowpane, she entered the room.
Her old room was in a mess, it was rummaged through and ransacked. Her old garments that she did not bring along were thrown and laid all over the floor, the bedsheets were also thrown around. Around her desk were pieces of papers lying about. Clearly, they were looking for evidence of her whereabouts. Yet that had been some time ago, for the room was covered with dust. It has not been touched for a long time and her door has not opened too.
Fallonye made her way towards the door, she needed to get to the throne room, the place where the King most likely was. There was a sudden loud noise that came from outside the castle. With her sharp hearing, Fallonye could also hear the clangs of swords and stomping of feet. The invaders have broken into the castle grounds. Wasting little time, she opened the door and ran along the hallway. In front of her, she could hear footsteps echoing down the hall. Why have they managed to get past the guards that fast? Fallonye thought worriedly. It was baffling that they managed to break through the defences in that amount of time.
She hid behind one of the tall pedestals along the hallway that supported a large vase. The soldiers marched closer, making no effort to hide their noise.
“What would happen after King Ran is slain?” One of them asked.
“King Marcoh said that he would keep the people of Garador alive, to prevent the people from turning on him.” The other explained.
“In that way he earns the consent of the people…And since King Ran is not loved by the people, King Marcoh wins them over.” He said.
“Indeed. He is an intelligent King, perhaps even the people shall be glad…if there are minimal casualties.”
The footsteps walked past her, and before they could turn to notice her, she leapt forward and hit the two men at the back of their neck, knocking them unconscious. What astounded her was that one soldier was from Damados and the other was from Garador. Some soldiers have turned against Garador, it was a nightmare indeed. It was no wonder why they managed to invade the castle in such a short amount of time.
Fallonye wondered whether the King noticed the betrayal, and who else was plotting against him. She quickly went past the ballroom, for she had to pass through it before she could reach the throne room. The doors were wide open, allowing her to see inside. The ballroom was well decorated in view of Prince Leyn’s wedding, but it was void of people. The candles of the chandelier were lit, so it was not long since the ballroom had been abandoned. Fallonye could smell the scent of humans, thus she went inside to take a look. At the corner she could see a group of maidservants huddled together, cowering. Many were crying and shaking in fear. One of the maidservants, as she wiped her tears, saw Fallonye approaching them. They did not know who she was for she was masked.
“Away with you! Not a step forward.” She cried, holding out a broom for protection.
 “Calm now, I am not your enemy. The soldiers of Garador have betrayed the King. Quickly, get out of the castle and out of the Kingdom, seek refuge in the forest.” Fallonye said. 
Fallonye had remembered what one of the soldiers said, that the King would not harm the people. If that was true then it was safe for the maidservants to escape the castle unscathed.
The maidservants nodded quietly, stopping their tears. They got up and started to run out of the ballroom. Fallonye returned to her objective, she needed to get to the throne room.
Royal Castle, Tothem
It was late in the night, Reinus was in the balcony looking up at the moon. He could hear his door open – and none too gently either. Upon sniffing the familiar smell, he talked in a bored voice.
“Do you not know how to knock?” He said.
“I knock only when I want to.” The guest, Norith, snorted.
“What bring you here at this time of night?” Reinus asked.
“Have you seen Fallonye? I’ve looked all around but there is no sign of her.” Norith sighed.
Reinus knew it would come to this. Of course Norith would be suspicious if she were absent for some time. Reinus knew not when she would return. He pondered whether to tell the truth or rat her out. It was tempting, after all if Norith goes and get her back they could proceed without delay.
Do not speak a word of this, hear me? A voice echoed at the back of his mind. He closed his eyes and sighed.
“She went to the Forest of Souls an hour ago to see Zor. Apparently Zor told to take her amulet back. He sent a letter a while ago, it was carried by a white owl.” He lied.
“You are lying.” Norith said.
Reinus sighed, “It seems I need to improve on my acting skills…”
“It was my intuition.” Norith said. “Well, where is she?”
Reinus looked at him, his stare not wavering, “I cannot say.”
“She warned you not to, am I right?” Norith sighed.
“Yes.”
“I’m guessing you are not going to tell me no matter what.” Norith said.
“Perhaps. What makes you think so?” Reinus asked.
“Intuition.” Norith replied
“You will not ask further?” Reinus questioned.
“It would be pointless, would it not?” Norith said. “When will she return?”
“I am guessing she would return by tomorrow.” Reinus replied.
“Intuition?” Norith asked.
“Intuition.” 
Royal Castle, Garador.
Fallonye could not get near the throne room, for it was stationed with numerous guards. Sure, they would recognise her as a former knight, but also for her treachery. There was no reason for them to let her inside the throne room. She snuck along the corridor, unseen by the guards. Yet she could go no further. She had to take another route.
There were two patrolling guards going down the hallway, about to pass the stationed guards guarding the door. Fallonye crouched low and fished out a small silver coin from her pocket. She flung the coin in front of the walking guard’s feet with extreme accuracy. The guard stepped on it as it rolled, he slipped and tumbled backwards.
The other soldiers looked at the fallen guard in surprise. As soon as all eyes were distracted, Fallonye slipped into the nearest door. The door was unlocked, and she could enter the room. She closed the door behind her quietly. Fallonye surveyed the room. It was the King’s quarters. Perhaps in his haste he had forgotten to lock it. Fallonye opened the drawer, seeing stacks of papers in the drawer. She wanted to take them, but now was not the time. She went to the balcony and sprouted her wings. She took off in a single flap.
She flew around the building, coming across a certain round window. Only the throne room had these circular windows. She held onto the windowsill and carefully pushed the window. It creaked open, making minimal noise. Fallonye peeked into the throne room. There were no guards inside, which was surprising. From the corner of her eyes she could see Chancellor Jabis of Lanure and King Ran.
“Your Majesty, I’m afraid we must surrender.” Jabis pleaded. “Before anyone else gets killed.”
“We still stand until they have had my head!” The King said stubbornly.
“Even if we had somehow won, we would already have lost a great number of people.” Jabis said.
“Are you defying me, Chancellor?” The King roared.
Jabis quivered and spoke no more, yet he held an obviously frustrated expression on his face, which the King ignored. There was a loud knock on the door. King Ran turned to the closed door.
“Your Majesty, the invaders have breached the castle!” The voice shouted.
“Impossible, they couldn’t have reached here so fast!” King Ran exclaimed.
“Your Majesty, they are almost here! Quickly-” The soldier’s voice was cut off as he yelped in surprise.
There was a sound of fighting outside the doors. The invaders have already reached, and soon they would barge through the doors. The King clenched his fists in frustration. He was thinking of what to do. There was no escape here, the windows were too high to reach, and the doors were his only option. Fallonye was about to jump down into the throne room when she saw a glint of silver behind the King’s back. Before she could act, the glint of silver flashed quickly.
The whole room had fallen into silence, not including the noise from outside. Fallonye was stunned taking in the sight that unfolded in front of her. Jabis Lanure held a long dagger that pierced through the King’s stomach. The King’s eyes were wide open, as well as his mouth. The tip of the sword was dripping in red blood.
“Forgive me, My King.” Jabis said.
Chapter 24: Respect is Earned
Jabis of Lanure had stabbed the King behind his back. He took out the blade from King Ran’s stomach. King Ran collapsed onto the floor, coughing out spurts of blood, tainting the floor with a scarlet red. Fallonye stopped herself just in time before she jumped down. She continued to observe in shock.
“How dare you, Jabis! Treason!” The King growled weakly. He was grabbing Jabis’ foot tightly with one hand.
“Your Majesty, I had no other choice. This is for the better.” Jabis said coldly.
“Traitor! You scum…” The King’s voice softened and he coughed out more blood. 
“It was not only me, the Council has decided this. You said that the Council had no power, yet you underestimated them. A vote, eleven to one, decided to surrender to Damados. Behind your back, they plotted against you with King Marcoh. Coincidentally, King Marcoh also planned to start a war.”
“The soldiers, they betrayed me?”
“It seems in your arrogance you have forgotten about the Council’s power. As long as ten out of the twelve members agree to a decision, that decision overpowers the King’s say. The soldiers simply followed the law.” Jabis said.
At that moment, the doors of the throne room burst open and in paraded the soldiers. The soldiers of Damados saw the defeated King on the ground and were stunned into silence. Jabis turned to them.
“Lay your swords, the King is defeated. Go now, and secure the castle.” Jabis said. The Damados soldiers were well aware who was on their side. They bowed and quickly went off. The throne room was quiet again, only the panting of the King could be heard.
“All of you be damned, judgement shall be brought down against you for your sins.” The King snarled venomously.
“Then let whatever befalls us, but there is no regret in my actions. Farewell, my King. It was a pleasure serving you, despite your foolishness.” Jabis dropped the blood-stained sword on the floor with a clang.
Jabis left a silver coin on the floor, an act often meaning to wish someone well after death. He left the throne room, leaving the dying King alone. After he was out of sight, Fallonye jumped down and landed softly on the floor. The King lied in his own puddle of blood as he continued to bleed severely. Yet the wound was not too severe, if treated soon he would live. The King noticed Fallonye approaching him, yet he could not move. He was about to ask who she was, but remembered her eyes. The same pair of cold eyes that he saw when she was found in the forest. So calm, and so terrifying.
“Knight Falcon! Bring me out of here and help me. You must understand, I must live for the sake of the people. If you care about them then save me!” He said desperately, not bringing up the fact that she betrayed him.
Fallonye said naught and continued to look at him.
“Save me and I’ll look past your betrayal, I would even promote you!” The King pleaded.
“My King…do you know why I left?” She asked.
“There is no time for this! Hurry and get me out of here!”
She ignored him, “I left because I too want to find my way in the world, and perhaps…change this world.”
“What nonsense are you spouting?!” The King shouted, panicking.
“This land is large, very large, my King. Have you seen it yet? There are so many things to see and learn.” She said.
“Silence! None of that! We have no time!” 
“And after what I have seen so far, I have decided upon something.” She continued.
“What?”
“The Council and people have betrayed you for a reason, and now I shall still betray you.” She said.
“What reason have you to betray me?” The King said angrily. He started coughing more violently.
“It is you who left them. Screams, cries, all because of your foolishness.” She brought out her daggers.
“Foolish? I am a King, I am always right!” He seethed, afraid at the sight of her daggers. “You dare kill me? A King?!”
“You are no King.”
Fallonye made her decision, it was time to end this. Until she was able to conquer the land, at least she could leave Garador under King Marcoh. She stabbed his heart with her blade. Killing a King is no different from killing a criminal.
A kill is a kill, a death is a death.
King Ran suddenly saw a flash of his past as her blade imbedded into his heart.
“Papa! Where is mama?” a young boy, by the name of Ran Geligh, asked his father.
The father, the second reigning King of Garador. King Damon the Victorious, looked down at the boy sadly. His eyes were laced in sorrow and his face seemed to age a hundred years. He looked defeated and hopeless. 
“Ran…” King Damon dropped to his knees and hugged the boy tightly.
Sensing the King’s sadness, Ran asked worriedly, “Papa? What is wrong?”
“Forgive me Ran…I tried all that I could. But…I couldn’t save her. Your mother…she had passed away…” King Damon said weakly.
“Papa? Papa? What are you talking about?” Ran started to panic. His heart leapt in his chest as his breathing hitched.
No reply.
“You’re lying…right? It’s a lie!” His eyes welled up in tears.
No reply.
Tears started streaming down the young boy’s face. “Ah!” He said in a quivering voice, wiping his tears away. He looked up and tried to put on a smile, “I knew it was a lie! It’s over now, so call mama out. It is play time, tell her to bring a book, so she could read it to me! …Or…or shall we have dinner together instead? I’ll cook! So…just ask her to come out.” His voice started to get weaker.
“Ran…I-”
“Or shall we walk around the castle gardens today? I…found a secret place. I want to show it to mama!” He continued, tears were still streaming down his face.
“Ran!” The King said. As the young boy looked at the King’s face, he stopped talking. 
The King was crying.
 The boy gave up all hope, his smile was no longer plastered on his face. He cried and wailed. His wailing echoed through the whole castle. Ran cried until no more tears could spring and no more voice could sound. His face was void of emotion and was listless. 
That night the King went to his room. The young boy was sitting upright on his bed, unable to sleep. The King went up to him and kissed his hand. He kneeled, so that his head was on level with Ran’s.
“Ran, I could not have been a crueller father, for I have scarred you deeply…” The King started, as he stroked the boy’s emotionless face. “I promise you, I will make peace in this land again, so that you would experience no more sorrow. And if I cannot, I want you to continue what I have started.”
For the first time in hours, Ran spoke to his father. He spoke solemnly, “Papa. Why have you sorrow, for me? Your heart is also in suffering. Definitely…I will unite this land, I will create peace. And when I have, the both of us shall never shed tears of sorrow again.”
As King Ran neared his death, a tear ran down his face, which Fallonye noticed. Where have I gone wrong? All I wanted was peace, what have I done wrong? Why…? He thought bitterly.
“Farewell, third King of Garador, King Ran the Magnificent.” She said solemnly as he closed his eyes and fell into eternal sleep.
Kingdom of Garador, Rich District.
Prince Leyn and Princess Niera darted out of the cover and to the wall gates as quickly as they could. It does not matter if the soldiers spotted them, for they would be seen eventually. As long as they could reach the forest outside of Garador, they would have a chance to escape. It was only a slim chance, but it still was a chance. As they broke out from their cover, they could hear yells behind them.
“The Prince and the Princess! Quickly, after them! They are headed to the gates!” One shouted.
They continued to run, and were chased by the soldiers behind them. A soldier surprised them by trying to tackle them from the side, but missed and landed on the hard ground. As they ran, Prince Leyn kicked the bottom of the barrels that stacked on top of each other. The barrels toppled over behind them, hopefully it would slow the pursuers down. His effort was to no avail. Somehow, the soldiers still managed to catch up with them. Every second, they inched closer and closer to the couple. 
This is no good. At this rate they would reach us! Prince Leyn thought nervously. He looked at Princess Niera, who seemed like she could not run any faster. She was panting hard and her face was soaked in sweat. Suddenly, Prince Leyn stopped in his tracks and drew his dagger.
“Leyn, what are you-?” Princess Niera was about to ask.
“Niera, run now! I will slow them down!” He told her.
“Nay! How could I let you go?” She cried.
“Listen to me! Remember what I said. No matter what happens, do not stop running! Now go!” He turned away from her and turned back, towards the soldiers chasing them. Princess Niera wanted to stay, but if she did, it would only burden him. She did as she was told.
The Princess ran off, and Prince Leyn smiled in relief. Now, he looked at the soldiers menacingly. They stopped in front of him.
“Plaut and Daniel! The both of you go after the Princess. We will deal with the Prince.” One of the soldiers ordered. Yet before they could get past the Prince, the Prince got in their way.
“Come at me! I’ll take all of you on!” He shouted madly, “Come at me, cowards who you call soldiers!”
The soldiers seethed in anger, their attention focused solely on him. It was five against one, yet the Prince stood firm and did not step back. They started to engage in battle. The Prince did quite well the first few minutes, dodging and lunging at all of them. They were not aiming at his vitals, meaning they wanted him alive.
Prince Leyn managed to bring down one of the soldiers, yet he still had to fight four more. He was a good fighter, yet number still overpowered him, and of course, he was against soldiers trained to battle. Prince Leyn began to get weary and tired, every swing was lesser in strength. He could barely keep up with the incessant attacks towards him.
Eventually, and it was to be expected, the soldiers target hit their mark. One of the soldiers got behind him and pierced through his right shoulder. Prince Leyn grimaced in pain and dropped his dagger. The other soldier in front of him swung his longsword and sliced the Prince’s chest, the gash deeper than expected The Prince gasped and fell backwards.
The soldier stepped forward and pointed his sword at the Prince’s neck.
“Move not an inch.” He warned Prince Leyn.
Meanwhile, Princess Niera ran past countless houses. She was exhausted, her legs ached and burned, yet she ran on. No matter what, she needed to keep running, even if her legs rot, that was what Prince Leyn said. As she ran tears streamed down her face, hoping, by some unbelievable miracle, that Prince Leyn would survive. At the thought of him dying, she wanted to turn back and perish with him, it was more pleasant to go with him. Princess Niera looked back, wanting badly to go back. No! She scolded herself, she needed to live for his sake. She continued on.
The area she was at was currently in a chaotic state. The houses were burning and there was smoke everywhere. It was difficult to see indeed, yet she could make out the faint outline of the wall gates. Seeing that, she willed herself to push further and faster. 
A fair bit of distance from her were two Damados soldiers patrolling the area. One wielded a bow while the other a sword. As they scanned the area, they saw a blurred figure running behind the thick smoke.
“Say, is that not a person?” The one wielding a bow asked.
“Indeed, and he is running towards the gates. Probably a refugee.” The other shrugged.
As the other drew his bow and aimed it at the figure, the soldier stopped him.
“Hold on! We are not allowed to harm the people!” He exclaimed.
“Just this one. Who knows, perhaps it is someone important that would slip through the walls.” He shrugged. Before the other could reply, he released his arrow. The arrow disappeared into the smoke, and the figure collapsed.
“That’s a hit.” He said smugly.
“I cannot believe what you did!” The other exclaimed.
“What’s done is done, we might as well take a look now, right?” He said and the both of them went to the place they shot at.
What luck the man had, for indeed they have shot a very important person. The arrow imbedded itself deep into the right shoulder of Princess Niera.
Chapter 25: Time Does Not Wait
Fallonye left the throne room through the window. She flew out of the castle grounds before landing on a roof of a house. The Prince and Princess were still to be found. She sniffed the air, and she could pick out a faint scent of the Prince and Princess. It was in the direction of the wall gates. Fallonye wondered if the Princess also knew of this plan, and if she took part of it. If that was the case, Prince Leyn’s life would be in danger. If she was going to take over Garador one day, she needed to know the truth.
Fallonye flew to the direction where they went, passing by numerous houses in a blur. She scanned below her, seeing several soldiers marching about and pillaging the place. As she flew on, she spotted a group of soldiers gathering in a small circle, around a body lying on the ground. It was Prince Leyn that has fallen onto the ground. The soldier in front of him pointed his at his neck, while the other soldiers started to bind him with ropes. Fallonye, without hesitation, swooped down and dispersed her wings. She landed on top of the soldier, pinning him towards the ground, face down. She lifted up his head by grabbing his hair and sliced his neck with her dagger.
The other soldiers stumbled back in surprise, before drawing their swords. There were only three men left, and Fallonye easily defeated them. As soon as there were no enemies in sight, she kneeled beside Prince Leyn, who was still alive. He was panting and looking at her. She took off her mask that covered her mouth, only the hood covered the head.
“You’re Knight Falcon.” He said. The both of them have hardly seen each other, yet Fallonye respected him more than the King.
“Indeed, Prince Leyn.” Fallonye said as she inspected his wounds. His wounds were severe. Unfortunately, it was highly unlikely that he would survive even if she brought him to a doctor now.
“Taking down four men that easily…if only I were that strong…”
“You did excellent, Your Highness.” She said.
He laughed weakly, “Ha! I would have been excellent if I had defeated them.”
“You are a Prince, not a soldier. You hold no shame.” Fallonye said.
“Where is…my father?” Prince Leyn asked slowly.
There was a blank expression on Fallonye’s face, which looked somewhat cold.
“He has passed away.” She said solemnly.
Prince Leyn closed his eyes sadly, “I see…” Although he was a foolish King, King Ran was still his father. All was silent for that few moments, before Prince Leyn opened his eyes once more.
“Falcon, a shame it is that I have no time to mourn his death.” He said.
“You’ll be fine.” Fallonye said.
“I am not as foolish. I know that I soon will perish.” He said softly.
Fallonye kept silent.
“Prince Leyn grabbed her hand, “Do me a favour, Falcon. Please, bring me to Princess Niera. I want to see her one last time.” He pleaded weakly.
“A Prince should not lower his head nor shame his words.” Fallonye said.
“Nay, I have already disowned my title.”
“Fine by me. Yet I know not of her scent.” She said. Prince Leyn knew she was not human, yet he did not know what she was.
“Well…” He trailed as he dug out a piece of cloth from his pocket. “This was part of her torn dress. Perhaps you can use this to identify her scent?”
“A dog, am I?” She raised her brow.
“I mean- I didn’t mean that… Just wondering…” He stuttered.
“Just jesting, hand it to me.” She said and he complied.
Fallonye sniffed the cloth. There was a sweet and flowery smell, with a bit of powder. She sniffed around and could smell the same scent leading to the wall gates.
“It’s faint, yet I smell her trail.” Fallonye carried him on her back and ran towards the gates, tracking Princess Niera’s scent. It was unavoidable that the guards managed to spot her on the way, thus she had to travel by rooftop to prevent them from catching up. The problem is that now they were aware of her presence and that she was supporting the Prince. She would definitely be targeted now.
In a different place, an arrow had pierced through Princess Niera’s shoulder. She yelped in pain and fell forward, landing not too softly on the ground. She had managed to get past the wall gates, but she has not reached the forest. At the place she currently was at, she was as obvious as a firefly in the dark. The forest was just in front of her. Just a little more…
Her shoulder seared horribly, it was difficult to move her arm. There were running footsteps behind her, soon the men would find her. It was only time before they found her. She wanted to give up, there was no point in struggling in an already lost battle.
Do not stop running. Even if your legs burn or feet rot, keep running as far as you can. Do you understand? A voice echoed in her mind. With that, she got up again and ignored the pain pulsing in her shoulder. She stumbled forward as her vision blurred, more blood gushed out of her wound. She was almost there. Although it seemed to take forever, she finally entered the sea of trees. Further and further she walked, until her feet could bear no more. Under her weight her legs collapsed, void of any strength.
Princess Niera leaned against the bark of a tree as her body began to feel number. The arrow was still imbedded in her shoulder, yet she no longer could feel the pain. She could feel the warm blood trail down her arm, and realised that she had lost a tremendous amount of blood. Her body grew colder and colder as she felt that she was sinking in a thick layer of snow. It’s cold, so very cold…
Slowly, the sounds around Princess Niera began to grow softer, like a slow melody. Her consciousness began to fade away into blackness as her eyes began to close. She felt tired, exhausted and her strength was no more. Just a little sleep, a short nap. She thought as she fell into a very deep sleep.
The two soldiers reached the place where they had shot Princess Niera.
“There is no one here! He must’ve escaped.” The one wielding the sword muttered.
“There is a trail of blood leading to the forest.” The other said.
“Well, let’s ignore it then! We have no time chasing a person who is in such a large forest.” He scoffed.
“He wouldn’t have gone far.” The other argued.
“Oh! Give it a rest, would you? The injury would have killed him anyways! Come, much awaits us back in Garador.” He said.
The soldier with the bow turned to look at the trail of blood hesitantly. Finally, he consented.
“Oh, fine.” He sighed. They turned back to the gates.
Meanwhile, Fallonye and Prince Leyn were searching for Princess Niera.
 “Are we almost there yet?” Prince Leyn asked Fallonye.
“Patience, Prince. She is beyond the gates.” She replied.
Prince Leyn was glad, she has managed to get past the gates. Yet Fallonye had doubt. Perhaps it was a mere delusion, but she could smell – very faintly – a trace of blood. Hopefully it was not Princess Niera’s, and she had dared not to tell the Prince. From above, Fallonye saw two soldiers passing by them on the ground, it was fortunate that they did not spot them. She made little sound against the roof with her light feet.
Fallonye was close enough to the gates, but there were soldiers stationed at the gates. There was no way she could sneak through unspotted. She stopped with a short skid.
“Prince, do you think you could hold onto me without me supporting you?” Fallonye asked.
“If it is necessary.” Prince Leyn said. He would do anything, as long as he got to reunite with Princess Niera again.
“Do not let go, it’s going to be rough.” She warned.
“What exactly are you going to do?” He asked, having a very bad feeling.
“We’re going to go over the wall.” She said.
“And how, in the world, are you going to fly?” He said in disbelief. He felt even worse.
“You do not need wings to fly.” She said. If she revealed her wings to him now, even a dying man he is, her identity would be exposed.
Fallonye took out her two daggers and wielded them with both hands. She was on the roof of the house next to the wall. She took a step back and breathed deeply. She crouched low and sprung forward. Picking up speed, Fallonye charged towards the wall and as she made contact, she started to run up the wall. Her blades hooked onto the rough wall and they helped her to stick to the wall. Her legs bounded her upwards while her arms pulled her up. Fallonye was like a tiger sprinting, but vertically instead. This action cleared Prince Leyn’s last doubts that she was not human. She is truly a beast. He hung on as tightly as he could, not wanting to fall off.
Fallonye continued to bound upwards relentlessly, she was soon getting exhausted, yet she continued to climb at full speed. Reaching the top of the wall, she used a spurt of her energy to leap up and grab onto the ledge. One dagger slipped from her hand and fell into the abyss below. 
“That was a good blade too…” She muttered.
As she hung on to the ledge with both hands, she hauled herself up, with a terrified Prince Leyn on her back. They got past the first wall, the outer wall was not too far from the first. It was a gap that Fallonye could leap over. She leaped across the gap and reached the outer wall. The Prince peeked past her shoulders and could barely see the ground from a dizzying height.
“How exactly are we going to get down?” He asked.
“All you need to do is to not let go.” She replied.
Fallonye kept her remaining blade and took out a small throwing knife instead. It was not as sturdy and large, but she did not want to risk her dagger to tarnish. She hopped over the ledge and pierced the dagger into the wall slightly. She released her hold on the ledge and they started descending rapidly against the wall, with the knife dragging on the wall which slowed them down. Prince Leyn felt his heart leap in his chest at their decent. Once they reached close to the ground, Fallonye released her grip on the knife and dropped down onto the ground softly. 
Fallonye continued to walk towards the forest, where she could trace Princess Niera’s scent. As they walked, Prince Leyn groaned in pain as his wounds started to burn. In all his fear and excitement he had forgotten about the wounds.
“Perhaps I have been too rash.” Fallonye said.
“Nay, I am the one who requested this.” He said. “And forgive me, for I have stained the garments on your back with my blood.”
Up ahead, Fallonye saw a patch of blood which was fresh. Prince Leyn’s face paled at the thought of the worse possible outcome. He willed himself to remain calm, for there was no proof that the blood was Princess Niera’s, yet he could not. From the patch of blood there was a trail of the blood leading towards the trees. Prince Leyn looked at Fallonye pleadingly. Please, oh please! Tell me that this scent is not hers! He thought.
However, as he saw the look on Fallonye’s face, his hope had crumbled. She stared at the trail of blood solemnly, and he knew right away that it was Princess Niera’s.
“I am fine, move on.” Prince Leyn said.
Fallonye followed the trail of blood, pushing away the leaves and vines. After a few minutes of walking, the trail of blood led to a tree. To Prince Leyn’s utter horror, there was Princess Niera sitting against the trunk of the tree with an arrow imbedded in her right shoulder and her eyes were deeply shut.
Chapter 26: The Ox and Axe
Prince Leyn slung of Fallonye’s back and dropped to the ground. He scrambled forward to Princess Niera only to see her pale face.
“Look, Falcon. She is asleep. Niera, wake up! This is no place for a Princess to sleep.” He said, his voice quivered.
“Prince, I’m afraid she already is-”
“No! She is just sleeping. She must have been exhausted.” He said stubbornly. Prince Leyn stroked her face gently. It was cold, so very cold.
“Falcon, I have cost you much effort. There is only one thing I can give to you, if you would accept it.” He said. His voice was deadly quiet and sombre. “In my room under my desk, there is a small wooden chest. Take it.”
He turned to look at Fallonye, his eyes were haunting, even sending chills down her spine.
“What happened between Garador and Damados, everything that only me and Princess Niera knew was written in there. And, if you were to change this Kingdom, I shall pass down this knowledge to you. Take it, Falcon, and know the truth!” He said. “Go now, let me spend my last moments here with Niera.”
Fallonye nodded and left their presence.
As soon as she left, Prince Leyn has shed his tears that have been held back. He continued stroking her face, then along her hair with his quivering hand.
“She is asleep.” He insisted, “…It’s just that she will take a very long nap.”
He looked into her shut eyes and said sadly, “Why, why did you not wait a little longer for me? Why did you leave so soon?” Of course, he expected no answer but the howling of the winds.
Prince Leyn grabbed the arrow in her shoulder and pulled it out although pain burned throughout his entire body. In frustration, he stabbed the arrow into the trunk of the tree. Suddenly, his sadness turned to anger. He started to pound the ground.
“Why?! I did my best to help the Kingdom! I did everything I should have! And now, the spirits above! Why have you taken away the only one person precious to me?!” He howled in fury.
Above him, the skies began to roar with thunder. The skies were cracked with lightning as the thunder seem to mock him. Somehow, he could hear what the skies were saying. Did you really do your best? Her death, is the fault of no one but yours.
Hearing those words as the thunder crackled and roared, Prince Leyn kept quiet. He did not want to admit, but he knew he did not do his best. He was waiting for the right time, but he never made it. He remembered what Falcon told him before. Waiting takes too long. He sunk low to the ground and wept bitterly. 
This went on until he had no more energy nor time to weep. He had exhausted all of his tears. Slowly he leaned forward and kissed Princess Niera’s forehead, her both eyes, and her lips. She was cold as ice, yet laid there so peacefully. She was dead, yet she looked like she was just taking a nap. Prince Leyn leaned against the same trunk behind her. They were not facing each other, but his hand was intertwined with hers.
“I’m coming soon, Princess. Wait for me again.” He said as he smiled sadly.
He slowly closed his eyes as he let death embrace him. Like a dream, he fell into a very quiet and peaceful sleep. As darkness engulfed him, he could hear a very faint song.
Know not of sorrow,
Nor the suffering of pain.
See not the red of blood,
But the splendour of the sun.
Smell not the reek of death,
But the fragrances of flowers.
The land was of green and blue,
With sounds of birds and beasts.
Dancing of bonds, singing of love.
Smiles of trust, laughs of joy.
Mermaids in the sea,
Dragons in the sky,
Fairies in the trees,
Creatures on the ground.
Thing we used to see.
Ah…Now he remembered. His father sang this song to him before, long ago when he was merely an infant.
A happy land this was,
But that was long ago…
That was the end of Prince Leyn’s and Princess Niera’s struggle.
Fallonye, after leaving the two alone, decided to find the wooden chest that Prince Leyn told her about. She sprouted her wings and took off, going over the walls. Quickly, she flew to the castle and into the window of Prince Leyn’s room. The room was large, it was three times the size of Fallonye’s room. She walked over to his desk and tried to open the drawer, but it was locked. She took out a pin and started to pick on the lock. Soon, there was a small click in the keyhole, and she managed to pull open the drawer. 
Inside the drawer, there were papers and letters which held no importance to her. She shoved away the papers and buried was the small wooden chest. The chest was dark brown and the wood was old. Fallonye wanted to read the contents, but there was no time for the soldiers were patrolling around the castle. There was stomping throughout the entire castle, and soon they would enter this room.
A clap of thunder made her turn to the window. The window rattled wildly as wind rammed against the glass. Rain was coming soon.
Fallonye kept the box into her sack, and she tied it in a way so that it would be tightly bound to her back. She could still feel the warm and sticky blood at her back caused by the wounds of Prince Leyn. It dawned upon her that his death would end the bloodline of the Geligh family, the family that has ruled Garador since its beginning. 
Before she could slip out through the window, the door slammed open, crumbling into pieces. Fallonye whipped her head around, startled. At the door stood a very large and bulky man, he was so tall that his height was much greater than the height of the door. The man seemed to be in his forties with a strict and tense face. He was largely built as his thunderous thighs shook the floor. He was not human.
The top of his head was two long horns curved forward, with his right horn slightly chipped at the tip. He had a black slim, yet muscular bull’s tail. He carried with one hand a tall, double-headed battle axe which was almost as large as him. The man snorted loudly as he observed the small figure in front of him. Fallonye was dressed in a cloak and mask, so he was unsure if she was a man or woman.
“Well, well. Who do we have here?” He boomed in a deep voice, his beady eyes staring down at Fallonye menacingly.
“I am a mere traveller, I assure you.” Fallonye lied, although knowing she could not get away with it.
“Traveller? Ha! No traveller would sneak into a Prince’s room at a time like this. Who are you?”
“Is it not your custom to introduce yourself first?” Fallonye said.
“Witty. But as my pride shall allow, I shall introduce myself. Hear me, young man or woman. I am the mighty Commander of the Damados royal army, Commander Ozoen!” He roared. “And you, no matter who you are, you cannot escape. I have been told to capture anyone I come across!”
The mighty bull snorted and lifted his axe and brought down the end-knob against the ground with great force. The impact was tremendous, it shook the room and cracked the ground where it landed. The soldiers behind him shook in fear at his enormous strength. Fallonye drew her blade warily. She could either escape through the window or fight the monster. Although escaping was her best option, she could not use her wings for they would see.
“Oh? You choose to face me? Interesting.” Ozoen said dangerously.
Ozoen made the first move. He brought up his axe and brought it down with great strength and speed. Fallonye dodged it, barely. Although his axe was large and bulky, his attack was fast. It was as if the axe weighed as light as a knife. The great axe split the floor, causing a large crack, half the size of the length of the room, to form. He was immensely strong. He swung again, and Fallonye did not manage to evade it. She stopped the axe coming down with her dagger, yet the force was so overpowering that it flung her backwards towards the window.
Ozoen swung again sideways, and Fallonye had no choice but to leap out of the window to dodge the attack. Fallonye plummeted to the ground rapidly, feeling the wind rush by her face. She was too far from the walls of the castle to grab onto it. The Prince’s room was quite high up, and falling at this speed might kill her, or fatally injure her. She wanted to sprout her wings, but she saw Ozoen looking down at her from the window. There was no way she could reveal her wings. She looked below her again, there were trees below her where the castle gardens were. As she fell through the trees, she could feel the leaves and twigs beat at her back. She remained calm and using her sharp reflexes, she quickly grabbed onto a branch with one hand.
However, her fall proved too much of an overwhelming force on the branch. As soon as she grabbed onto it, it gave way to the pressure and snapped, letting her fall again. She bashed against the ground with force and she groaned in pain. Luckily the branch did slow down her decent, if not she would have plenty of broken bones. Despite her pain, she quickly got up and ran towards the castle gates, not wasting any time. From the window, Commander Ozoen snorted again as he looked below. With his keen eyesight, he saw Fallonye running under the cover of the trees.
“He is headed for the castle gates! After him!” He boomed to the other soldiers, and they obeyed immediately. Ozoen leapt off the window and rammed his axe against the wall as he descended. The axe that cut into the wall slowed down his descent. He landed softly on the ground. His axe made a giant scar on the wall from the window to the bottom. Ozoen slung the axe behind his back. He slowly morphed into a large brown bull, his armour shifting and adapting to his shape. He pawed the ground and snorted, before dashing off after Fallonye.
Royal Castle, Tothem.
The moon rose high above in the sky, shaded with a colour of crimson red. Reinus sat at the balcony of his room, unable to sleep. As much as he wanted to, he could not even close his eyes for a minute. There was a restless feeling in his heart, something that ate away at the back of his mind. No matter how he tried to shut of his mind, thoughts about a short-haired, strong girl kept pestering him. Surely, surely she should have been at the Wizard’s house by now, or at least on the way back from Garador. It has been two hours since, and not a letter or word from the old Wizard.
Reinus blocked his thoughts once more. Why should he worry about her? This was her decision, it was not something that he was responsible for. He was not responsible for taking care of her. Their truce was just a mere contract, anything not involved in their contract is their own responsibility. He was not to interfere. Not to interfere…
Reinus slammed the wall beside him with his fists, willing himself to clear his mind. Someone cleared his throat behind Reinus. Reinus whipped his head around, startled. He was so distracted that he did not notice someone enter the room, even with his sharp senses. Dures Montho stepped out from the shadows.
“Is it not rude to intrude a guest’s room?” Reinus said.
“Just a mere visit, if you do not mind. Something troubles you?” He replied. It was more of a statement than a question.
“Not at all.” Reinus said casually.
“There is no point in using a lying tongue. I have lived many centuries, do you think I still cannot tell between a lie and truth?” Dures said.
Reinus spoke no reply.
“Is it my sister?”
“Do you even consider calling her your sister? You have not seen her since she was born.” Reinus avoided the question.
“People believe in different things. To me, a person related by blood is still as precious.” He said.
“Ties by blood? I find it ridiculous. To cherish someone you don’t even know just because they share the same blood…it is impossible.” Reinus scoffed.
“You are not wrong, but I am not either. People are different.” Dures said.
“This is why you call us beasts? Because we differ?” Reinus asked menacingly. 
“Perhaps I was a little harsh then, a foolish mistake I had made. But I may call you a beast forever, if you are going to leave my sister to die.” Dures mused.
“Die? She is strong, she can take care of herself.” Reinus said.
“She is strong indeed, but everyone has a limit.” Dures said, exiting the room. “Oh, and, she might not be as strong as you think, emotionally.”
Dures shut the door and everything was quiet. Reinus was very troubled by his words. He remembered what Zor had said to him before they left. Do not lose what you have, even if you don’t find it precious yet.
Reinus stood up and went inside at his desk. He took out a paper and quill, scribbling a few words. He then slung his sword at his waist. Reinus went back out to the balcony and sprouted his golden wings in. He saw a white owl which Leil told him belonged to Zor. The owl was perched on a branch in sleep. Reinus whistled, waking it up. Its eyelids fluttered open, revealing a pair of illuminating bright yellow eyes. It looked at Reinus.
“Wise owl, send this back to the Wizard, would you?” Reinus showed it the paper.
The owl hooted disapprovingly, but grabbed the letter in its beak anyway and flew off. Reinus leapt off the balcony and flew, heading to a certain direction.
“Troublesome little Dragon.” He muttered under his breath.
Chapter 27: From the Mountains
Fallonye ran as fast as she could, yet the bull was catching up with her. Ahead of her was the castle walls. The gates of the castle were barricaded with soldiers, she had to go climb through the walls. The same way she did with Prince Leyn, she used her knives to climb up the wall. The bull arrived a little too late. Before Ozoen could pierce her with his horns, Fallonye already started climbing up the walls, out of reach from Ozoen. Thus the charging bull rammed its horns against the wall instead, leaving a large dent in the stone.
Ozoen snorted angrily, for a bull dominated the ground, but it could not climb. He dashed towards the castle gates to exit the castle grounds. Fallonye continued running, heading towards the wall gates. There was no way she could climb the wall gates with her stamina right now. There should be little soldiers there, for reinforcements should only arrive at dawn. Fallonye headed there, as well as hundreds of soldiers and their Commander behind her.
Forest of Grievance, South-East of Garador.
The soldiers camped in the forest, awaiting their orders. Although the night was late, none of them slept. They needed to be awake to make their move against Garador. There was a flutter of wings above in the sky. The watchman in the trees blew the whistle as he spotted a sleek, black falcon soaring around the campsite. The falcon dived and landed on the watchman’s wrist, clinging onto his arm with its black talons.
There was a red thread that hung on its neck, with a scroll tied to it. The watchman untied the scroll and fed a small piece of meat to the falcon. The falcon caught it with its sharp beak and took off. The watchman unrolled the letter and read it. The watchman took out his large horn and blew it. The campsite was lit with fire as they lit the torches. It was time for the reinforcements to make their move. 
The soldiers grabbed their weapons from the racks. They wielded swords, spears and all kinds of weapons, some of which were not even used in other Kingdoms. The started to move off with torches in their hands. They walked in pairs, marching towards the main gates of Garador. The mass of soldiers stomping across the forest were intimidating, yet they were also afraid. Some men feared for their lives and held uncertainty in their hearts, it is war after all. They willed themselves to fear naught, for they were winning. They marched on, scaring all the creatures of the forest into silence.
Kingdom of Garador, Rich District
Fallonye was almost reaching the wall gates. There was no one guarding the gates, it was clear of people. If only she could just get past the gates and disappear into the forest, she could quickly fly away. There was about a hundred soldiers after her, but she could see no sign of Ozoen yet. She darted among the barrels and rubble, even going through the flames. Yet no matter how she tried to shake them off, it was difficult as it was impossible to shake of a hundred eyes. 
She reached the gates, and she gave a slight sigh of relief. However, her momentary lowered guard perked up again as she skidded to a halt at the sight ahead of her. Fallonye panted heavily as she stopped in her tracks trying to contemplate the scene in front of her. In the distance, a sea of torches flickered in the dark. The light was growing bigger as it neared. Soon, she could make out the faces of men and the marching of their feet. The banners they held above their heads showed the symbol of a tiger. It was a sea of Damados soldiers, reinforcements.
Fallonye was stumped, she expected that their reinforcements would only arrive on the morrow. There was no possible way for the soldiers to travel from Damados to Garador in such a short period of time. Even if they camped near the Kingdom of Garador a few days earlier, they surely would have been spotted. Fallonye saw the way they came from, and suddenly realised their plot. They went around the Kingdom of Garador and hid at the back in the Forest of Grievance, and with all the patrollers looking out in the North where Damados was, there was little chance for the army to get caught. Fallonye did not want to admit, Damados surely did outplay both King Ran and her.
Soldiers were both behind and in front of her, and she was in between two walls. Fallonye was too exhausted to climb the walls, and she was sure the soldiers could catch up to her. The soldiers in front had spotted her and charged forward, while those at the back blocked any exits. She was trapped between a spear and a cliff. Like a cornered animal, Fallonye prepared herself for battle. 
Although only armed with a single dagger and a few throwing knives, her glare and posture intimidated the mass of soldiers. They surrounded her, hesitant to attack first. There was a sound of hooves, and a great brown bull charged into the ring. The bull snorted as he eyed Fallonye and morphed back into Ozoen. Ozoen carried his big axe in one arm.
“There is no escape now, young one.” He said in a deep voice as he snorted afterwards. “I applaud that you have gotten this far, but this is as far as you go.”
“Then point your weapon at me, Commander, that stick you call an axe.” Fallonye goaded. The angrier her enemy, the better.
Ozoen snorted angrily, “Stay back soldiers. I will take on this one.”
The man raised his axe and brought it down with great force, this time Fallonye managed to dodge. The axe has split the ground, leaving a large scar. Ozoen brought down reigns of attacks upon Fallonye, yet she managed to dodge all of the attacks. At times she could not dodge, she used her weapon to slightly deflect his axe. Fallonye knew she could not completely stop his attack, thus only deterred his attacks. The soldiers watched in anticipation. Some of them were silent while other were cheering on for Ozoen.
“Ozoen! Ozoen! Great Commander of the royal army!” They chanted,
The fight went on for quite some time, Fallonye did nothing but dodge his attacks.
“Little brat! Have you no courage to fight back?” Ozoen roared as she dodged yet another attack. She could hear him panting slightly, he was getting tired.
“One does not need to be courageous to win a battle.” She replied. The more tired and angry she made him, the better to her advantage.
It seemed to work for Ozoen became riled up with annoyance. It was awful to be humiliated by a person half his size. He flashed his horns and whipped his tail. He kept attacking, but his attacks were not clumsy despite his anger, unlike what Fallonye had expected. However, she did notice that he was getting more tired. Waiting for an opening, she pierced her blade deep into his shoulders and then his stomach. 
Ozoen grunted in pain as blood oozed out of his wounds, yet the mighty beast stood up still. The momentary pause in his attacks was his fatal mistake. Fallonye dove down and aimed for his pivoting legs and struck both. Fallonye quickly whisked behind him and struck him at the back of his skull. The great man stumbled and fell down to the ground.
The soldiers around the both of them were stunned into silence. Their powerful commander had lost to the small brat. They quivered in fear as their eyes looked at the fallen man. They raised their swords and spears hesitantly, pointing them at Fallonye, it was their turn. The thunder and lightning raged on in the sky, and soon there was a drop of water. More drops followed, splashing against the ground, until the Kingdom of Garador was covered in heavy rain.
“Attack!” One of the soldiers, possibly an officer, bellowed despite his fear.
The men charged forward, and Fallonye had to face a thousand spears. As they were still some distance away, Fallonye used her bow to shoot some of them down, conserving her energy. However, that method was short-lived for they came too close. Fallonye danced dodged and struck, fending of the hundreds of men with ease. Unfortunately, despite her strength, her stamina was running out and there was no end to the stream of soldiers in sight. The rain did not help much either, for it was damping her senses and stability. 
The Stale Mountains.
“Your Majesty, the falcon has returned from its flight.” Commander Trone reported to King Marcoh.
“I see, the troops have been dispatched.” King Marcoh said.
“Indeed, Your Majesty.” He replied.
“Ready your troops, Commander. We depart soon to the Kingdom of Garador.” King Marcoh ordered.
“As you command.” Trone bowed and proceeded to sound the horn.
King Marcoh stepped out of the tent with his trusty sword and shield by his side. The night was dark and cold as the soft snow drizzled upon the mountains. The ground was knee deep in snow, hiding the treacherous spikes and pits. The snow would slow down their progress, but it would not be a dent in their plan. King Marcoh got on his brown steed and he rode to the army of soldiers gathered on the cliff below him. He stopped in front of them and raised his sword. Silence was present as all eyes were on him.
“Men! Today, we shall conquer a Kingdom that we had sought after for a century! This battle would mark as a stepping stone to our reign. Garador will fall!” King Marcoh roared. “Men! Proud soldiers of Damados! Are you with me?”
The soldiers raised their weapons high up in the air and waved it.
“We are with you!” They cried out.
“Then raise your weapons and up your shields! We ride in glory towards the Kingdom and Garador!” King Marcoh bellowed and blew the horn. The army, although fewer in numbers, set out with a burning confidence and enthusiasm with the almighty King leading them. They were the third wave of soldiers, and their job was to round up the battle. Parading down the mountains, the horses carrying their men stomped across the snow. The heavy snow gave them a slight delay yet they pushed on relentlessly.
They travelled through the valleys and peaks, passing by forests until they had reached a large cliff at the end of the forest. King Marcoh pulled the reins of his horse, coming to a stop, with hundreds of men behind him. From the cliff, he overlooked the whole landscape. Below he saw a Kingdom in blazes and the glimmer of the swords. Soon, he would claim the Kingdom of Garador and the fallen Kingdom of Wendor. 
“Charge forward, men!” He roared as the men galloped down the steep hill.
Kingdom of Garador
Fallonye lost all time as she fought the onslaught of soldiers, Bodies and bodies piled all around her as she brought down many of them. The ground had patches of puddles from the rain, and the rain did not seem to end anytime soon. However the fight did not seem to last. Her body screamed in agony as her fatigue took a toll on her. She was reaching her limit. A soldiers came towards her from behind, and she quickly whirled around and jabbed him. Perhaps it was unavoidable, or perhaps her reaction has dulled, but a single arrow managed to make its way and pierced her in the back.
She gritted her teeth in agony as a searing pain shot through her abdomen. The pause in her actions caused another arrow to be imbedded in her shoulder. Yet even in her pain and her injuries, she still managed to fend off their attacks. Of course her actions were slowed down considerably. The soldiers cheered and roared, feeling slightly more confident now that their opponent had been struck.
Minutes more of fighting, before a third arrow had struck her in the arm. Fallonye dropped her dagger in shock at the contact. She could barely move as her body would not allow it. One soldier dashed and brought down his sword towards her. Drat. She cursed in her mind, she was unable to dodge. 
Suddenly, a large handful of the soldiers were covered in a sea of golden flames. Despite the heavy rain, the flames did not falter. Before she could contemplate what was happening, a man of golden hair and blue eyes landed right in front of her, crushing the soldier that was about to launch at her.
“Reinus?” Fallonye uttered, panting heavily.
“Quite a situation you have got yourself into, little Dragon.” He said as he stared at her wounds.
Chapter 28: Two against Thousand
Reinus drew his sword, Biter, as he called it. He skilfully slashed opponent after opponent. Fallonye picked up a sword on the ground that belonged to a soldier and resumed fighting once gain. Although with three deep wounds in her, she still managed to bring down more soldiers. The pain was searing, but she could endure it, after all the body of a Dragon was much stronger than a human body.
“Lay your sword, you are in no condition to fight.” Reinus said disapprovingly, looking at her tired state.
“As long as I can stand I cannot stop fighting. Besides, I wonder how long you can hold the mass back.” Fallonye said as they stood back to back fighting together.
“There is no end in them…Let’s see how many we can face before we fall.” Reinus grinned tiredly.
There was a slim chance of escaping, and an even slimmer chance of defeating the whole army of Damados. They could use their Dragon powers right now, but it would reveal that the Dragon race would still be alive. Surely the whole land would be after their heads. It was not time yet to reveal their identity, they have still little power aiding them.
The thunder roared and the rain wept, yet Reinus’ flame still flickered relentlessly, pushing back the soldiers by a little. They fought on for hours, and Reinus had sustained many wounds. Reinus panted hard, they were almost reaching their limit. Behind them there was a loud explosion in the Kingdom. How much longer could they hold? Reinus thought wearily. Now he understood what Fallonye told him. Even he, who has the strength of ten men will fall facing a hundred.
A sword had gashed him deep in the stomach. He grunted in pain as he turned to look behind him.
“We do not have much left. Any ideas now?” Reinus asked Fallonye, but he stopped as soon as he saw her state.
Fallonye stood limp facing the soldiers as her eyes were blank. She was unconscious. Although she had lost consciousness, she still had a firm grip on her swords as she pointed it towards the enemy. Drat. Reinus cursed as he had to face the soldiers alone. Although he was now alone to face the mob of soldiers, he was amazed at the fact that Fallonye was still standing even when unconscious.
Fallonye drifted along the dark space in her mind. She could see blurred images of soldiers coming towards her with swords and spears. She also saw Reinus fighting against them, but he was reaching his limit. Fallonye knew she needed to find a way to escape, she needed to get out of this void space. She was floating endlessly along the empty space, but she could not seem to get out. Was she in the void of her consciousness?
“Let me out!” She wanted to shout, but it could only come out as a weak whisper.
Suddenly, there was a flame alit in the distance. Fallonye came closer to the flame, and upon closer examination the flame was of many colours. The flame, the size of her palm, glowed vibrantly, it was as if it held all the knowledge of the world.
“Do you want to get out?” The flame spoke to her.
She was startled, but replied, “Yes.”
“…Even if you get out, what can you do? You are too weak to continue fighting.” The flame replied as it flickered.
“It matters not, I need to help Reinus.” She insisted.
“How can you help him if you cannot help yourself?” It asked curiously.
“I will think of a way.” Fallonye said.
The flame laughed with a thousand voices, it flared violently. Its laugh mocked her and beat down upon her. “You are weak! You can do nothing.”
“Then what am I to do? Stay here and let us die?” Fallonye said in frustration.
“No…We can help you…” The flame whispered. “Do you want to become stronger? Don’t you want to save him?” 
An image of Reinus fighting the hordes of men flashed in her mind. She did not answer.
“Come closer, and we will give you power. Kill all those who hurt you…” The flame said, purring. It continued, “You would save that boy and defeat anyone in your way… You will never lose.”
Fallonye unconsciously went closer. The flame became gentler, like the fire on a candle. She reached out her hand and touched the flame. Surprisingly, the flame was hot, it was the first time Fallonye had felt something that warm. The flame grew and engulfed her entire body. Although the flame did not harm her, fear struck her heart. From the fire she could feel strong resentment and hate of many souls. There was anger, so much anger that it was overbearing.
Reinus had sustained multiple injuries, and could not hold on any longer. He was panting hard and willed himself not to use his powers. The soldiers were still charging at him. He was ready to defend once more but suddenly the soldiers halted their assault. The soldiers backed off slightly and trembled in fear, hesitant to come nearer to the two enemies. Reinus soon knew why. There was a very stone cold feeling in his heart as sudden fear overcame him.
Reinus turned behind to see Fallonye, who was still standing unconscious behind him. There was something terrifying emitting out of her, a wave of bloodlust. He stepped back and looked at her eyes. They were no longer blank but filled with so much hatred and anger. Her eyes turned from dark purple to bright green like a Dragon’s eye. She was growling softly, and slowly her growl grew more audible. Her teeth began to sharpen as well as her nails. She was transforming, but it seemed different. Reinus felt that it was not the same as before. This time he did not feel her presence.
She continued to growl as she eyed the soldiers with such menace, causing the soldiers to cower. 
She just grinned.
What Reinus was worried about was not her strength, but the fact that she was grinning as she saw the men cower before her. It was as if she savoured their fear. This was not Fallonye. Reinus tried to touch her shoulder with one hand, but he let go as soon as he touched it for it was searing hot. He was confused as he had not felt such a heat before, and he was not supposed to.
As he touched her again, he felt overwhelmed. He could feel the resentment and anger within her. Reinus knew where that came from. It was the hatred from the ancestral Dragons who have lost their reign. Now they lived inside of the both of them waiting to unleash their anger. It was not Fallonye, but the resentful souls of their ancestors. Fallonye stepped forward, and the soldiers stumbled back in fear.
“Don’t cower back, fools! It is just a mere person!” One said, but the others were too afraid to listen.
Fallonye walked forward, ready to pounce in front of the soldiers. Reinus stood in front of her and block her path. Fallonye tried to shove him away with her hand, but Reinus grabbed it and stopped her. She snarled at him menacingly.
“Stop this. You gain nothing by doing this, but only to lose yourself.” Reinus told her.
She snarled as he would not let go of her hand. Truthfully, he had to use all his strength to hold on. Fallonye brought down her fangs and bit him hard on the arm that was holding her hand. Reinus winced in pain as her sharp fangs sunk into his arm and drew blood. He grabbed her shoulder with his other hand firmly.
“Snap out of it.” He urged.
However, his words were not heard. She continued struggling and growling. Reinus growled back in frustration. He held the back of her head and pushed her head towards him. He let go of her hand and instead put his arms around her firmly. 
Reinus firmly hugged Fallonye.
“Do not become a monster, Fallonye.” He said softly.
Fallonye was engulfed in the coloured flame as her consciousness seem to be fading. Her strength was becoming weaker and weaker, as if the fire had been draining her strength. In the black void all she could feel was anger and hatred. She could see in her head the soldiers cowering before her, somehow she felt wickedness deep in her as she seemed to enjoy their fear. Slowly, her mind drifted away from everything, from Reinus or Norith, or even herself. The only thing she could think of now was to kill.
Kill.
Kill!
Drench them in their blood! No one can stand up to you, no one can hurt you!
She struggled to keep her mind, yet it still kept slipping away. The scene of bodies of dead men scattered around her flashed in her mind. Strangely enough, she was not disgusted nor ashamed. Fallonye felt pleased, satisfied at the death around her. She could see her hands dyed in blood, and she thirsts for more.
Fallonye started to close her eyes as her wicked thoughts took over. Yet in a moment, the flame was blown away by a sudden wind and Fallonye was no longer engulfed in flames. The resentment and strong hatred was gone. The voices that spoke in her head has quietened. Now that the fire was gone everything was dark again. She started descending, falling slowly into the abyss. Now, it was cold and dark, it was lonely.
Fallonye closed her eyes, but suddenly warmth surrounded her gently, as if embracing her. Faintly, she could hear a voice calling out her name in the distance. The voice got louder and louder. Opening her eyes, she saw Reinus floating above her, outstretching his hand towards her. Fallonye reached out to grab his hand, and he pulled her out from the dark abyss.
Suddenly, Fallonye stopped struggling and fell limp against his chest. Her eyes turned back to dark purple. For a moment she looked at him, before closing her eyes. Reinus let go of her and carried her on his back. He sprouted his golden wings. He knew that their identity would risk discovery, but it was better than dying now, and he realised that. If they were going to spread the news that the Dragons were alive, might as well make it grand. Reinus stretched his wings wide, flashing it to every single soldier. He paused for a moment to stare at them, as if daring anyone to make a move.
The soldiers around him gasped as they saw his wings, and they were dominated by an unknown force that came from Reinus. All they could do was freeze. Reinus then took off with speed, carrying an unconscious Fallonye on his back. They disappeared in the rain.
Royal Castle, Tothem.
Norith sat outside in the gardens, wide awake at this time of night. Kae trotted over to him and sat down. Kae looked up at Norith and mewed. Norith sighed and stroked her back.
“You know, Kae, I know that Fallonye and Reinus was hiding something. But I can’t bring myself to expose their lie…” He trailed sadly.
Kae mewed in reply.
“Well, I guess you won’t understand.” He sighed and picked a stone and threw it into the pond. “Sometimes, I wished she had just tell me the truth. Now even Reinus had left.”
Kae stroked her head against him.
“However, I need to trust her…I won’t go after her if she does not want me to. I shall trust her and wait for their return.” He said. He looked up at the starry sky, “The moon is red…”
Royal Castle, Garador.
King Marcoh and his troops neared the front gates of the royal castle. An intuition made him look behind him, and what he saw amazed him. There was a small silhouette of a person with golden wings flying off into the distance. It disappeared quickly. Could it be…? King Marcoh thought, but he shook his head. He assumed it was the rain and lightning pulling nasty tricks on him. Perhaps it was a shapeshifter, one that can have wings of a bird. Anyway, he stopped thinking about it and continued nearing the gates. 
Meanwhile, Plaut and Daniel, the ones who were after Princess Niera, saw the King on his horse. 
“Back up! Back up!” Said Plaut, not wanting to be seen by King Marcoh.
“What now?” Daniel asked, “He is our King, why hide from him?”
“I know! But I cannot help but feel intimidated by royalty, and a King no less.” Plaut sighed. “Furthermore, we lost sight of the Princess! How embarrassing it is!”
Thus the two hid behind the barrels and watch the scene unfold before them.
In front of the gates stood the Chancellor, Jabis of Lanure. King Marcoh stopped his horse and dismounted it. Jabis held out the sword that killed King Ran, with the blood already washed away by the rain. King Marcoh took it. Jabis also took a crown from the soldier behind him and held it out with both hands while bowing.
“The sword that had slain King Ran, and the crown which he wore.” Jabis said solemnly. “Damados is victorious.” 
King Marcoh took the sword in his hands. The thunder crackled and lightning flashed. The wind howled and the rain growled. King Marcoh looked up at the sky.
“The skies above weep at my victory.” King Marcoh sighed, “But I seek not of the skies for help, but the support of my people.”
Chapter 29: Knowledge is Power
Reinus glided across the sky, until his strength could bear his weight no longer. He descended slowly onto a large plain. It was still raining, but the rain was less heavy than before. The plain was covered with long wild grass and shrubs. There was not a single animal to be seen throughout the plain. Yet under the long grass, Reinus was sure there was bound to be sly venomous snakes and insects. Although the venom would not kill them, it could pack a devastating punch, especially in their state.
Reinus gently laid Fallonye under a cottonwood tree, making sure the rain is at least partially blocked off. Slowly, he carefully removed the arrows imbedded in her without causing further damaged. Upon closer examination at the arrows, he cursed. Drat! The arrow tips were laced in poison. Reinus needed to find medicine that could at least fight back the poison by a bit.
“The Ferets…” Reinus trailed.
The Ferets were a group of highly skilled archers that belonged to Damados. The archers were known for their extreme accuracy and their use of poisoned tips in their arrows. In his Kingdom, it was said the Ferets could shoot an ant on a tree a long distance away. The archers could have killed Fallonye, but they were not aiming for her vitals. They were tasked to capture her. Reinus considered themselves fortunate, for Fallonye could have been shot in the head.
He proceeded to fly above the plains to search for a more viable shelter. Soon enough, he found a small shelter formed by boulders stacked onto each other. He checked the shelter thoroughly and ensured that it was no beast’s lair. To be extra cautious, he breathed fire to burn everything in the hole. Reinus returned and carried Fallonye once more, he had to act fast for it was risky for her to keep moving around. He brought her to the shelter and laid her inside the small hole. The space was small, but it was sufficient enough for him to sit inside. 
Looking into Fallonye’s pack, he could find no medicine or anything in that matter other than a wooden box and weapons. He emptied her sack and slung it behind his back. As much as he did not want to leave Fallonye by herself, he had to forage for medicine and supplies. 
“Stay alive till I get back.” He said to her, before leaving the shelter.
Reinus pushed his way across the tall grass, it was quite some time before he found the shrub he was looking for. He did not remembered the name of the shrub, but he remembered how it looked like and what it could do. The tall, thin shrub was there, almost his height. It had long, dark green leaves about an arm’s length and white flowers with crumpled petals. Reinus plucked some of the leaves, rolled it up and put it in the sack. He ventured on and found a flat shrub which resembled a fern with large, short leaves.
As he could recall, the plant was called an Umpon plant. There was a cluster of long, orange berries in the centre and gave a strong, sweet and minty smell. Reinus picked the berries and left the leaves alone. Lastly, he found a small, tiny plant which looked like a miniature tree no bigger than his hand. He pulled out the plant, revealing a fat, brown root as large as a radish. He put it in his sack once more and it was time to return.
Reinus was exhausted, for even he sustained deep wounds. As he flew back, he could feel the blood trickling down at his stomach as well as the biting pain. Yet he pressed on, for there was someone who was suffering more than him. He landed next to the shelter, and heaved a sigh of relief as he found Fallonye untouched. She was sleeping quietly, taking shallow breaths.
Opening the sack, he took out the foraged items. On a dent of a slab of rock, Reinus crushed the berries with a stone, using the dent as a bowl. The crushed orange berries created a runny, transparent liquid. The minty smell has become even stronger. Afterwards, Reinus crushed the fat root. Green, sticky sap leaked out from the crushed root, which smelled like burnt rubber. Reinus mixed the two crushed liquids together, creating a sticky substance that smelled more like medicine. He smeared the substance on the long leaves that he unrolled.
Looking at Fallonye again, Reinus felt hesitant to dress her wounds, for he would have to undo her clothes. He wondered what was wrong with himself, for he should not be abashed by such a thing. Besides, he needed to tend to the wounds before they get worse. He tended to the wound in her arm first, wiping the blood away with a cloth and sticking the leaf onto her wound. He could see that she had stopped bleeding. The blood of a Dragon works fast after all. The leaf acted as a bandage while the remedy he had mixed helped in the healing process. He was fortunate that he had been taught how to make simple medicine when travelling.
Reinus then proceeded to wrap the wound at her shoulder, then her stomach. While doing those he had his hands under her garments, not being able to see anything. Despite that, he still managed to properly dress her wounds. After tending to her major wounds, he smeared the sticky substance on her smaller cuts and scratches. The remedy would help to dissolve the poison from the wounds, but would do no help to remove the poison that is already in her body. In normal circumstances, she would not die from the poison, but now she was already very weak. He had no choice but to wait it out.
He gathered the long grass and dried them with his fire before laying them on top of Fallonye like a blanket. After tending to Fallonye, Reinus tended to himself. He bandaged the gash on his stomach and his other wounds. Inside he laughed at himself. He found the situation ironic. Any other day before meeting Fallonye, he would have not bothered to risk his life to save someone. Even if he did, he would tend to himself first before the other. And look at him now, it was unbecoming of him indeed. Reinus had to admit, Fallonye was worthy of respect.
After finishing what he needed to, he felt all the exhaustion pile up on him. Reinus leaned against the rock and closed his eyes to sleep for a while.
Kingdom of Garador.
That night, the rain and wind howled. The people who have not yet escaped were rounded up by the soldiers, yet they were not harmed as per the King’s orders. King Marcoh the Powerful stood in the throne room, seeing the dead King Ran on the floor, lying in his own pool of blood. King Ran looked far different from when he was alive. Usually his face would be twisted in anger or greed, but know all King Marcoh could see was the face of a sad, regretful man.
“You did try, King Ran. However you have been diverted from your path.” King Marcoh said solemnly as he placed his hand over King Ran’s forehead, “Rest in peace. And may you be remembered.”
People did remember him. They named him by many names. King Ran the Greedy, and King Ran the Ignorant were some of those names.
Outside the Kingdom of Garador, soldiers stumbled across two people in the surrounding forest. A man with brown hair and a woman with blonde. They were leaning against the same tree facing away from each other, with their hands intertwined. They seemed to be sleeping peacefully, if not only for the terrible wounds they sustained. 
“Oh dear! Is this not Princess Niera?” One soldier paled.
“And that man, he is Prince Leyn!” Another said.
One soldier went up to the two, slightly afraid to disturb their tranquillity. He placed his finger on their neck, feeling no pulse, he shook his head.
“We must inform the King! Quickly, bring the both of them.”
They carried the lifeless Princess Niera and Prince Leyn together with them, bringing them back to the royal castle.
In the castle gardens, King Marcoh gathered the remaining refugees, wanting to address the crowd. However before he could speak, five soldiers ran into sight. The soldiers were panting hard, trying to catch their breath.
“Your Majesty…” The panted.
“Insolence! How dare you interrupt the King?!” Commander Trone bellowed.
King Marcoh put his hand up, silencing the Commander, “Peace, Commander. Let them speak.” He turned to the soldiers, “What message do you have to relay?”
“It is the Princess, Your Majesty, and Prince Leyn.” One spoke up hesitantly.
King Marcoh was about to ask, but stopped once he saw the Prince and his daughter being carried at the soldiers’ backs. He went up to the soldier carrying Princess Niera and stroked his daughter’s cold face. His face was very sad, so sad indeed that the rain was made to be an uplifting mood. The soldiers felt uncomfortable at his grief.
“Niera…I did not mean for this to happen…I was foolish, I knew I should have expected that you would be harmed. Forgive me…for I dared not tell you the truth, in fear that everything would be ruined. Oh why…why did you have to fall in love with the Prince?” King Marcoh said solemnly as he stroked her hair.
He then kissed her cold forehead gently, and brushed off the hair covering her face.
He whispered to the soldier, “Take them away for now, I shall see into this at a later time.”
The soldier nodded and motioned the others to follow him. After they had departed, the King turned towards the people. He cleared his throat and began.
“People of Garador. Today may be a sad day for many of you, but hear me now. King Ran the Magnificent had been slain. And as you have just seen, Prince Leyn is of no more. The Geligh family that has ruled over Garador is now no more. You may be afraid, fearful, for I have taken over. Yet fear not, for I shall make a promise. People of Garador, you are allowed to live here the same way as you did, call back your family who has escaped. Weep for your old King, but rejoice, for you shall not be harmed. You shall continue your lives as it was before, and I as the new King.” King Marcoh declared.
For a moment the people were quiet, uncertain if they should rejoice as he had said. They were allowed to live the same as before, not exiled from the Kingdom, perhaps they could give him a chance. In their eyes, any King was better than King Ran. One man, a resident of the poor district, stood up and placed his hand on his chest.
He spoke, frightened, “If, truly, we are allowed resume to our lives…and that my family can return here unharmed…Then I shall follow you.”
The others, watching him, decided to join him. They stood up and placed their hand over their chest. A certain few did not follow, but they did not resist either. After that, the King dismissed them, and ordered the soldiers to clear up the mess in Garador. The King walked back towards the castle, with Commander Trone and Jabis Lanure beside him. 
“Commander Trone, any news of the Head General, Reinus?” King Marcoh asked.
“Nay, Your Majesty. He’s gone as usual.” Replied he.
“Must have been exploring and fooling around again.” King Marcoh shook his head and sighed.
“Your Majesty, what of Princess Niera?” Trone asked.
“Bury her with Prince Leyn, as well as King Ran. Give them a proper burial, for the dead must be treated respectfully, no matter how horrid of a person he was when he was alive.” King Marcoh said remorsefully at the remembrance of his daughter.
“Your Majesty…if I may be so bold to ask, is the death of your daughter worth the victory over Garador?” Commander Trone asked.
“I loved her as my daughter, Commander. But what King am I to neglect my people? I made a promise to them, to make Damados victorious in the land.” King Marcoh said sadly. Dismissing the subject, he said, “I shall see Commander Ozoen and his troops, the both of you can rest.”
King Marcoh walked away from the both of them. As soon as he was out of earshot, Commander Trone spoke to Jabis.
“I cannot fathom to give up my own kin for anything. Sometimes I wonder if he has no heart.” Trone said.
“Do you still not understand?” Jabis raised a brow.
“Understand what?”
“A King must not waver by emotions. A King must put his people first.” Jabis chanted as if he memorised that out of a book.
He continued, “The decision to give up his precious daughter for the sake of the people, is why he is fit to be a King.” 
Chapter 30: Shame of Victory 
King Marcoh walked towards the castle gates, where he spotted a group of men outside of the gates. At the front, there was a huge man with horns and a tail of a bull, with plenty of injuries inflicted upon him. It was Commander Ozoen, and apparently he had survived Fallonye’s fearsome attacks. Ozoen was panting heavily, using his battle axe to support him to stand. As soon as Ozoen saw King Marcoh, he kneeled on one knee and lowered his head. King Marcoh stopped in front of him.
“Raise you head, Commander Ozoen. You have fought well, as well as the troops under your command. You and your army has brought our Kingdom to victory. All of you shall be rewarded.” King Marcoh said.
“We have triumphed, Your Majesty. Yet I cannot help but feel humiliated and ashamed.” Ozoen spoke softly, despite his great size.
“Why do you not look at me, Commander?” King Marcoh asked, seeing that Ozoen did not raise his head.
“I am not worthy, Your Majesty. My troops and I have no face to show you. Hundreds of us there were, yet we could not defeat a single person.” Ozoen said grudgingly, closing his eyes in shame.
“What do you mean?” 
“There was a person, hidden by a mask and cloak. He took on all of us on the gates of Garador with nothing but a single dagger. He escaped, after triumphing against hundreds of us, and me as well.” Ozoen said.
King Marcoh was in deep thoughts, perhaps this person was the one he saw flying away with golden wings. 
“Your Majesty, I would also like to say, another man fell from the sky and breathed fire upon the ground, the fire did not die to the rain. The man fought as fierce as the other. After we had cornered them, he took the other and flew off with golden wings!” One soldier spoke up.
A horrible dread filled the King’s stomach as he thought his worst nightmare came through. Wings, fire and power. The Dragons were still alive. It was just a theory, but it was highly possible. King Marcoh decided to keep quiet for now, for if he broke the news to them at this hour, panic would arise.
“Raise your head, Ozoen. You need not be ashamed.” King Marcoh said.
“More honourable is he who have fallen in triumph than return in defeat. I have no honour for I have returned defeated.” Ozoen said.
“Nay, you may have lost the battle but we have won the game. This is our victory, Commander.” King Marcoh said. “Stand up, Ozoen.”
Ozoen stood up slowly, his height well above the King’s.
“Go now, treat your wounds and rest. Tomorrow will be a long day.”
“As you wish, Your Majesty.” Ozoen said. This…He thought, is my King. And I will serve no other.
Grassland plains, unknown.
Fallonye woke up by the daylight hitting her face. Her body was in pain, but it was more tolerable than before. They must have put poison in their arrows. She slowly got up, and noticed a blanket of dried grass on top of her. The bright sunlight blinded her vision for a moment. After a moment she could see that she was in a shelter made of rock and outside was a stretch of tall grass. The rain was gone and the morning dew settled on the leaves. That made the leaves sparkle under the sunlight.
A hand holding a water pouch appeared in her vision. She looked up to see Reinus handing her the pouch. He had multiple scratches and cuts on him that were almost fully healed, but he looked weary.
“Drink.” He said.
Fallonye took the pouch from his hand, but instead of drinking, she asked, “Why did you come?”
Reinus sat in front of her as he lifted the pouch to her mouth, making her drink the water.
As she drunk, he said, “I don’t know either. I felt that you were in danger.”
“Why save me then?” She asked.
“The answer remains the same. I don’t know.” He said. 
“I could have killed them, why did you stop me? What difference would it make since I have already killed in the past?” Fallonye said.
“If I had not, I thought that you would become something you weren’t.” Replied he.
“I am already a monster, Reinus.” She said. In her head she thought bitterly. Dragon. Monster. Knight. Falcon. Avenger. Traitor. Yurei. Who…am I?
“You are no monster. You are Fallonye.” Reinus said, looking into her eyes.
A moment of silence passed as Fallonye just stared at him with awe in her eyes.
“What is it?” Reinus asked, uncomfortable.
“It’s the first time you called me by my name.” Fallonye said.
Reinus had a tinge of red in his cheeks, barely noticeable, but still there. He turned away and got up.
“I will get breakfast.” Reinus said as he walked out.
Fallonye got up and followed him out, wanting to help prepare breakfast. As she stood up, her legs wobbled as she felt little strength remaining in her body. The poison must still have been in her blood. It was not too terrible however, for she could still walk. Exiting the shelter, she saw Reinus piling up the firewood to make a fire. Fallonye walked over to him and picked up some firewood from the ground. Before she could arrange the wood, he placed a hand on the wood she picked up, motioning her to put it down.
“You are in no condition for this, turn back.” He said.
“My body is of a Dragon, sturdy and strong. If I could not even complete a simple task like this, would it not be a shame to the Dragon name? Besides, you do not look as well either.” She replied.
Reinus lifted his hand, “Do as you will.”
Fallonye helped Reinus pile the firewood and they started the fire with their breath. Reinus took out a small package wrapped in leaves. He unwrapped the leaves, revealing raw meat.
“The plains did not have larger hunt. I assume you do not mind eating the flesh of a rodent?” Reinus said.
“It is better than nothing.” Fallonye replied.
They cooked the meat and ate it. The food was dry, stale and tough, but it filled their stomach. They drank water, which their pouches seemed to be running out of. 
“Where are we? How do we return?” Fallonye asked.
“To be honest, I did not manage to keep track of where we were heading to.” Reinus admitted, “At that time…everything seemed so distant.”
He fought hard, for her survival. Even if he also in danger, he carried her all the way. Fallonye held out her hand and held Reinus’ shoulder firmly. She looked him in the eye with seriousness.
“Thank you, for fighting with me.” Fallonye said.
Reinus was quiet for a while, then he spoke, “Do not…thank me…I did not save you. I could not defeat them, and they put you into such a state. I revealed to them our identity. And now we will be hunted and chased…How is that saving you?”
“Because I am still alive.”
Reinus gave a slight smile, he placed his hand on her shoulder, and said, “We agreed that we help each other only if it benefits ourselves – or rather, I forced that agreement. I wonder, could I take those words back? Can we see each other as comrades?”
“Of course.” She said as she put her hand on his shoulder as well.
Forest of Souls.
Inside Zor’s burrow was quiet and still, with only him sitting in front of the fireplace, sipping a steaming hot cup of coffee. His eyes aimlessly watched the fire crackling in front of him, watching the flames dance about. His mind traced back to Fallonye, worried about her. He was starting to regret sending that letter, he imagined it was the same as sending her into the mouth of a beast. All the old man could do was wait in his chair for her return.
All was still, until there was a sudden change in air pressure in the room. For a place of no windows nor openings, there was suddenly wind. Just a slight breeze that circulated throughout the room, gently caressing the flames of the fireplace. It grew a little stronger, creaking the old wooden furniture and made the hung kitchen utensils jingle. Eventually, the wind grew strong enough to carry books and other small objects. The small burrow became a box holding a tornado, with books, candles and papers being thrown about. 
Amidst that chaos, the old Wizard showed no sign of surprise nor fear. He just sat down and watched the dying flames diminishing, bending down to the power of the wind. Despite his house being ransacked by an unknown force, he continues to sit there as if all was calm. His coffee, already cold, spilled on the carpet.
“A waste of a good coffee.” He muttered, “And the beans were a special treat from Tothem too.”
At the fireplace, the fire, unable to tolerate the strength of the wind, was extinguished. Darkness fell upon the room as the winds continued to rampage within the Wizard’s house. All of a sudden, the wind disappeared, gone without a trace. The books and papers which were being thrust everywhere dropped to the ground and stilled. There was no more wind, not even enough to move a strand of hair. All was still again in the Wizard’s burrow.
Since the fire has died and the candles were extinguished, it was pitch black. Not a streak of light nor a hint of glow. The Wizard stood up carefully and felt around with his hands. Feeling a wooden table in front of him, he gently placed his cup of coffee down. Suddenly, the room lightened up a bit, Zor looked behind him towards the direction of his dining table. On top of the table, there was a faint golden glow which occasionally dimmed and brightened.
Zor cautiously walked towards the light, his tiny feet creaking the wooden planks. As he inched closer, he could hear a faint sizzling and searing sound coming from the light. Zor knew where that came from, for the only thing he left on that table was Fallonye’s amulet. The amulet laid there, the golden Dragon emitting a golden glow. The Dragon’s head in the middle seemed alive, as if its eyes stared straight through Zor’s soul.
While there was still light, Zor lit a candle, to brighten the room. After he did so, the glow from the amulet diminished and the only source of light came from the candle. The sizzling sound disappeared as well. Zor touched the amulet with his hand, but flinched back as the amulet was searing hot. Zor paused for a bit, before holding up the amulet by the chain, which was still cool to touch. The amulet rotated when it hung on the chain, flipping to the back. There was something carved onto the golden metal, which the Wizard recognised as a feathered wing. 
“This symbol…the Phoenix. But why…?” Zor said to himself. “Uxor has spoken.”
There was a small rap on his trapdoor. Zor climbed up the ladder and opened the trapdoor. At the opening of the hole, he could see the white owl peering down at him. Zor climbed out of the hole and sat on the grass, panting.
“Are you not too old to live in such a house? If you even call it one.” The owl said.
“Nonsense! Nonsense! Not too old yet!” The Wizard chuckled. “Anyway, what bring you back here, friend?” 
The owl grabbed the scroll that hung around his neck with its talons and passed it the Wizard. Zor unrolled the parchment and read it. After a while of silence, and the owl pruning its feathers, the Wizard heaved a sigh of relief. The letter was from Reinus, and it said that he had gone with Fallonye to Garador. Although their safety was not guaranteed, Zor somehow felt much more at ease.
“Bezebarius.” Zor said to the owl.
The owl looked up and stared at Zor, its bright yellow eyes peering up at him. “Years it has been since you called me by name. I expect that you seek something.”
“Eight hundred years ago, legends spoke of a white owl. Full of wisdom and knowledge. Its beak snapped trees, its talons crushed rock, and its wings raised storms.” Zor continued, “Guardian of the birds and Knowledge of the Sky. The world is in its eyes. Yet the owl was no longer seen, gone without a trace. It was forever remembered, the Guardian of the birds, Bezebarius.”
The owl was silent for a moment, before speaking, “The past is of the past, Zor.”
“Old friend, help me, for I am in need. The eyes of the sky, help me find the two Dragons.” Zor requested.
“…Such a task need not be convinced by that story. What after I find them?” The owl said.
“Thank you, old friend.” Zor said.
“Quickly, while my ears still heed.” The owl urged.
“Pass this amulet to them, and tell them to head towards the Mountains of Reasant, where the village of Yerth lie.” Zor said.
“The village of the Phoenix people? What do they have to do with the Dragons?” The owl asked curiously.
“I don’t know, just tell them that there is a clue, a lead perhaps.” Zor said.
The owl, Bezebarius, took the amulet from Zor and flew up a pine tree. It settled on the very top of the tree with one leg. Bezebarius slowly closed its eyes and everything was silent and still. It was all black in its vision, until a million images started to flow into the owl’s mind. It could see through the eyes of all the birds throughout the land. Minutes passed, with the owl perched at its spot. Suddenly, its eyes snapped open.
“I’ve found them.” It said and took off.
Chapter 31: Truth in a Box
Royal Castle, Kingdom of Garador.
In the Castle Courtyard, soldiers and the people gathered. Soldiers from both Garador and Damados were present in the crowd, as well as the people from Garador who had remained. The nobility from Damados came as well. All of them were gathered in the courtyard, and they created loud chatter in the castle grounds.
The rain from the previous night was gone, not a drop of water nor a clap of thunder. The sun flaunted its glamour upon the Kingdom of Garador. It was indeed a perfect day for a coronation. Although the sun was glaring, the temperature was still cool from the storm. The people were noisy, but not restless. The giant crowd was divided into two as two lines of soldiers cut through the middle. The soldiers ushered the crowds away from each other, forming a wide pathway in the middle, with a line of soldiers standing on both sides. The lines of soldiers banners of the Damados symbol.
At the front, there was a platform that was raised by a few steps. A round and fat man, Jabis of Lanure stood at the middle of the platform, with two soldiers clad in a red uniform at his sides. Jabis was dressed in a red uniform as well, although he did not seem to look as dignified as the two that stood beside him. Jabis held his hands behind his back, with a scroll in one hand. The soldier on his left held a sword in its sheath while the one on his right held a red pillow with the late King’s crown and staff resting on it.
Amongst the noise, there was a single footstep. Just a soft, single footstep. And yet, the whole courtyard quietened down to a pin-drop silence. How that insignificant footstep was heard by all was a mystery. Everyone turned to the back, where they saw King Marcoh at the end of the pathway. He wore kingly clothes with a red ermine cloak draped over his shoulders. No one dared utter a single word. What a man he was, for no child yelled and no baby cried. Behind King Marcoh followed Commander Ozoen and Commander Trone. The soldiers stood still, not moving a single muscle at his presence.
King Marcoh proceeded to walk forward, between the two lines of soldiers. The Commanders followed as well. As they walked, the soldiers raised the banners up high, and crossing them after the three men had walked past. The whole crowed was silenced as their eyes focused solely on the King. Even the strongest and scariest of men lowered their heads as the King passed by, unable to meet his eyes. Across the whole courtyard only the sounds of footsteps could be heard. As King Marcoh neared the platform, Jabis of Lanure bowed in respect.
Climbing the steps, King Marcoh stopped in front of Jabis, and the Chancellor raised his head. The King placed his hand on his own chest, and Jabis did the same. After the greeting, King Marcoh stood beside Jabis and faced the crowd. Jabis cleared his throat and opened the scroll in front of him, starting his speech.
“All of you are gathered here today for a very special occasion, and all of you are to witness an event that will drastically affect the land, an event which may bear either fruits or swords.” Jabis dictated in a clear and loud voice. “This man standing beside me is King Marcoh the Powerful!”
“In a single night, this man have shown immense power and leadership. In a single night he had slain the late King. In a single night, he had conquered a Kingdom! King Marcoh the Powerful has triumphed! He has conquered the Kingdom of Garador! This great King has defeated King Ran the Magnificent. He is worthy to reign over Garador and Damados!” Jabis hollered, and proceeded to ramble on with less important matters.
After the trivial matters and addressing, it was time for the crowning. King Marcoh stood in front of Jabis, facing him. The King kneeled on his left knee. Jabis turned to the soldier on his left uniformly and took the sword in both hands. He turned back to the King and held out the sword.
“By taking this sword, do you, King Marcoh of Damados, acknowledge that you have wilfully overruled the late King Ran of Garador as an act of claiming a Kingdom?” Jabis asked.
“I do, and acknowledge that by taking this sword, I have claimed a Kingdom by means of war.” King Marcoh replied.
King Marcoh took the sword with both hands and kissed it, he then slung it at his waist. Jabis turned to his right, and took the crown from the soldier. Jabis turned back to the front again and faced King Marcoh. He held out the crown up high for everyone to see.
“Do you, King Marcoh the Powerful, in wearing this crown, acknowledge that the land of Garador belongs to you as your territory?” Jabis asked.
“I do.”
“Do you acknowledge that the people who have lived in this territory during King Ran’s reign are now, from this day forth, under your responsibility?”
“I do.”
“Do you, King Marcoh the Powerful, reigning King of Damados, by wearing this crown, acknowledge that from this day forth you will uphold you position as the King of Garador?”
“I do.” King Marcoh said.
Upon those words, Jabis gently lowered the crown and placed it on King Marcoh’s head. Jabis also took the staff and handed it to the King. King Marcoh stood up, turned towards the crowd and raised his staff.
“Today, people of Garador and Damados, I present to you the fourth King of Garador!” Jabis declared.
The crowd erupted into a deafening celebration. Cheers and claps from the crowd could be heard throughout the Kingdom. From there the message spread, by word or by letter. The birds told the beasts and animals, while the peddlers gossiped among the people. The news were brought to the villages that did not belong to any Kingdom, where the refugees of Garador were hiding. Slowly, the refugees, hearing that the new King welcomes them back, made their way back to the Kingdom of Garador. The news also reached the Kingdoms across the land. This event was the key, the key to starting a new era.
Terrin Plains, East of Garador
Reinus and Fallonye had been reading the map the whole morning, to finally pinpoint their location. They were in the Terrin Plains, East of Garador. It was not too far from Garador. After eating a small meal for lunch, Fallonye rummaged through her bag, and took out Prince Leyn’s wooden box.
“What is that?” Reinus asked.
“The truth.” Fallonye said.
She opened the case, revealing a bunch of letters, all arranged in chronological order. Fallonye picked up the first letter.
Dear Princess Niera,
I formally introduce myself as Prince Leyn of Garador, and I know you may find it odd for me to send you this letter. I understand however, for we have never met before. I wrote this to discuss an urgent matter, and I realised that I am taking a big risk by doing so.
As you may know, tensions are tight between our Kingdoms, and a war may break out anytime soon. For the safety of my people, I want to avoid this at all costs, and I hope that so do you. If we both share the same ideals, would you want to make a compromise with me? I must say beforehand, it may be quite outrageous and harsh to you. I was thinking of holding an arranged wedding, a wedding to unite both Kingdoms.
Of course, you may turn down this offer, for one does not wed to another that they do not love – let alone know. But this course of action is the only way, even the Kings cannot oppose. I know this may seem sudden to you, but would you accept it?
Prince Leyn
Fallonye read the next letter.
Dear Prince Leyn,
I have read and understood the letter you wrote to me regarding the wedding, and sent this letter to give you a response. I love my people, the same as you do. I agree that a war would come if we do not stop it ourselves, and I will sacrifice anything to save my people.
That is why, Prince Leyn, I will accept your proposal, in hope our marriage would unite both Kingdoms. I shall tell my father about our marriage and as will you. Tell your father that we have met before a few years ago during the Table of Kings, and have fallen in love. Although it may be difficult for the both of us, we must act in love on the very first day we meet each other. I suspect that day would be the ball before our wedding.
Thank you for your proposal Prince Leyn, for it relieves me as our Kingdoms could be saved.
Princess Niera
There was a few more written letter after that, but they were of little importance. The prince had never sneaked out of the Kingdom, they only met for the first time at the ball. Fallonye skimmed through them and the last parchment of paper caught her attention.
It is a week before our wedding, and Princess Niera would be coming over to Garador tomorrow. I have no idea why I am writing this letter, for I have no interest in journals. Our goal is coming close to being achieved, but anything could happen. Thus I feel that I shall write everything down for someone to know in the future. Of course I hope that this letter remains unread, meaning everything is alright and well.
It all began with a single letter. After I heard my father’s fresh plots to attack Damados, I could not bear to wait any longer. I decided to take my own measures to stop a war from happening. Taking up my pen, I wrote a letter to Princess Niera of Damados, in hope to create a solution to prevent such a war. Of course, marriage was the only feasible solution. At first I was hesitant, for I was afraid of being wed to a woman I didn’t know.
After much thought however, I realised that I must do whatever means necessary to protect my people. And thus I proposed my idea to her, which fortunately, she accepted. It was a political marriage, one which didn’t contain love, or so I thought.
On the day of the ball, I met Princess Niera for the first time. I had to admit, she was beautiful. We smiled at each other and hugged, all an act in front of our families. As soon as we were left alone, we started to get to know each other. Niera was sociable and smiled too much. The more we talked, the more I liked her. By that time I thought that the marriage would not be too bad. 
A few more times after the ball, either she visited me or I visited her. And after a few visits, the most unexpected thing happened. I fell in love. My life had suddenly turned around, everything was perfect. I had gotten the unity of the Kingdoms and the woman I love. But of course, things can change in a second, and anything could happen. That is why I wrote the summary of what I know, so that if anything went wrong in the future, the ugly side of both Kingdoms would be revealed.
“Prince Leyn and Princess Niera…held a wedding just to unite the Kingdoms. That was their true goal…” Fallonye said.
“And they fell in love, but it seems everything went wrong. Instead of peace there was war.” Reinus finished.
“So that is why Prince Leyn told me to wait a little longer.” Fallonye sighed. “They strived so much, but failed.”
Fallonye placed all the papers back in the box and shut its lid.
“Now we hold the truth, and in the future we will need it.” She said.
“Indeed.”
Fallonye placed the box back into the sack, but started to throw in her belongings as well.
“Hold on, why are you packing?” Reinus questioned.
“We need to reach Tothem as soon as possible, time is precious.” Replied she.
“You plan to walk all the way back in your dreadful condition? Wait a day longer, we are already late anyway.” Reinus said.
“The wounds heal fast.” Fallonye said as she continued sorting out her items.
Reinus grabbed her arm, the one with the wound. Fallonye winced in pain. Reinus let go.
“Painful, is it not? Let it heal for a little longer.” Reinus urged.
The both of them stopped their banter as they heard hooting in the sky. Looking up, they saw a white owl circling above them gracefully. The owl was the only thing in the sky, for there was no clouds nor bird. The owl swooped down and hovered in front of Fallonye. It threw the Dragon amulet at her, which she managed to catch. The owl then landed on a nearby dried shrub near them.
“My amulet…how did you find us?” Fallonye asked the owl.
“Your Zor’s bird.” Reinus stated, “It would not talk to us, I assume.”
“Do not assume. But you would have been correct, for I also do not want to speak.” The owl spoke, which shocked the both of them.
“Why so shocked? Are you Dragons any less peculiar than I am?” The owl frowned, but brushed it off. “I have come to deliver a message from Zor.”
“How did you find us?” Reinus asked.
“I have my ways.” Said Bezebarius, “Back to the point. Little girl, look at the back of the amulet.”
Fallonye flipped the amulet, and saw the carving of a feathered wing on the gold.
“What is this symbol?” She asked,
“I am surprised that you know so little about the past.” The owl mused, “That is the symbol of the Phoenix.”
“I have heard only specks of legends.” Reinus said, “Birds of fire, they are called.”
“Zor said that you shall go to the Village of the Phoenixes, Yerth, within the Mountains of Reasant. There you should find the clue given to you.” It said.
“A clue? This mere symbol carved on the amulet is a clue?” Reinus questioned angrily. “The Mountains of Reasant lie in murky waters, within the boundaries of the outcast lands. What guarantee has this symbol proven to give us a clue? You expect us to travel through sand and rock only to find out that nothing awaits us?”
The owl stared at him solemnly with its bright eyes, and Reinus kept quiet.
“Young mind of old flesh, I do not expect anything. I am but a mere messenger, and so is Zor. It is not me who has given you this clue, but it was your worshipped Uxor who had. To go or to not, it is your choice.” The owl said with a voice that could silence kings.
 “Peace. We understand. Thank you for your service, messenger.” Fallonye said, “May I know you name?”
“To ask a bird for its name, how unique.” The owl said. It thought for a bit, and said, “I am Beze.”
“Nice to meet you, Beze.” Fallonye said.
“Indeed. Oh, I forgot to mention, whatever you do, do not fly across the desert not in the Outcast Lands itself.” It said.
“It is already difficult to fly all the way there, let alone travel by foot.” Reinus raised a brow.
“Trust me, do not unveil your wings nor bear your fangs. The Outcast Lands is a place of the weak, and the both of you are not. Shall you flaunt your power, the guardians and beasts shall hunt you.” Beze warned.
“Then we shall defeat them.” Reinus retaliated.
“It was only an advice, you shall do as you wish. But let me remind you, only use your power in humility, not in pride.” It said, and flew off afterwards.
The owl had left them again, leaving behind Fallonye and Reinus. As the two were alone again, they had to decide what to do.
“What are your thoughts?” Reinus asked.
“We shall go, and find the Village of Yerth.” Fallonye said. “We shall not fly.”
“What about the wolf and the girl?” Reinus asked.
“I will leave it up to Zor and Norith.” Fallonye replied, “Are you with me, Reinus?”
“I am with you.” 
A few days later.
Village of Buron, a remote village.
A frail mother was caressing her baby gently in her arms. She sat on a bed of hay quietly as she reflected upon the news. A traveller had passed by, and he has told news of the Kingdom of Garador. A new King had claimed the throne, King Marcoh of Damados. The woman could not tell truth from lie in his words, but even it was a lie, she wanted to head back.
The woman was only one out of many refugees that fled from Garador when it was attacked. She and her group travelled together and reached this village, where the villagers were hospitable enough to provide them some food and shelter. The refugees shared an inn with stacks of hay as their bedding. It has been a few days since they have left their Kingdom. They walked for two days, and finally stumbled into this village.
At the news of King Marcoh welcoming back the refugees into the Kingdom, the old lady wanted to return. It was not an easy life for her in Garador, for she was poor, and the poor were cast away and shunned from society. Despite that, she wanted to return, her husband remained behind to help her and the child escape. Now she knows that he is safe, she wanted to see him. Gently, she laid down the baby on the stack of hay and started to place her minute amount of items in a large cloth.
“Are you leaving?” A voice called out to her.
She turned around and saw Chatin sitting on the hay behind her. He was a tanned, middle-aged man with a neat moustache that was also a refugee from Garador. He, too, was from the poor district.
“Yes, Chatin, I am.” She said sadly.
“Why? Why do you need to go back? There is nothing for us there. Even if the new King promises our old lives back, we would live poorly again. Again we would be shunned and cast away to the edges of the Kingdom.” Chatin said bitterly.
“I have things that I have left behind, people too.” The woman said.
“Then take them, and get out of there.” 
“I cannot leave, that is my home.” She said.
“Home? That is no home.” He scoffed.
“And what of you? Do you think you can stay here for free forever? The food and water these people have provided you, do you think you can keep on receiving it without paying?” 
“I will work, and hard. This village is poor, but I’d rather be poor here than be poor in Garador. I do not hate that I have little money, but I loathe being discriminated because of it. I want to start anew. Do you not know what Garador is?” Asked he.
“Do you think I am blind or deaf? I know very well Garador is a rusted metal painted gold. But I have to return, my husband is there.” She said.
“But what if he’s not? Garador has just been through a war, and most likely he’s d-”
“Stop it, Chatin!” Tears welled her eyes now, “I know! I know he could have been…But what if he’s still alive? What mother am I, to keep a child away from his father? My sweet baby! He deserves to grow up with his parents, should he not? He hasn’t done anything wrong!”
The old woman started crying and sobbing, nuzzling her head into the baby she held. She rocked back and forth as she sobbed.
“I-I’m sorry…” He stuttered regretfully. “Forgive me, Cassa…”
A few hours later, Cassa had left with her baby, and Chatin stayed at the village. The other refugees at other places had this type of debate as well. Some wanted to return, while others wanted to stay. The people were torn apart.
Chapter 32: Uproars of the World
Kingdom of Damados.
Upon hearing the news of their King’s victory, the people celebrated with pride at their Kingdom’s victory. The poor and rich yelled in joy as their great King triumphed over Garador. That night, they killed the fattened calves and livestock, as well as brought out the haul of fish and shells. They took out and opened the bottled wines. Around the bonfire, they cheered and sang old songs. The whole night they did not sleep, instead they feasted on the roasts and drank the fine wine.
Not all the people were equally joyful, however. Some housewives stood away from the bonfire and watched from afar. Their eyes were distant as their thoughts traced back to their husbands that marched into war. All they could do was hope that they were still under the same moon, although mountains away from each other. 
“My heart does not rest, not until I have news of my beloved.” One of them sighed.
“I share the same. Although, their victory is better news than if they were defeated.” Another replied.
“You speak truth.” She agreed.
Kingdom of Linthas.
The King of Linthas sat on his throne as he listened to the news. King Eligav the Intelligent was the ruler of the elvish Kingdom. The elves were secretive, nothing was known about their Kingdom except the name of their King. Some people even doubt that that was the King’s true name. The elves were tall and lean people, twice the height of a normal human and had pointed ears. What was unique was that elves were born with white hair, and legends say the white hair was due to receiving powers from the moon. The King was not chosen by bloodline. Every few decades a baby with black hair was to be born, and that baby would be the next King.
King Eligav was a baby born of black hair forty-eight years ago, and now he sits on his throne as the second King of Linthas. The first King, King Nedhir the Peaceful died at the age of a hundred and fifty-two, having an average lifespan of an elf. His black hair was never cut; instead it was tied up in a neat manner. Before him stood a white-haired elf that was quite a distance away.
“What news have you brought? By the look of your face, it must be quite a big story.” King Eligav said in a calm voice. His voice was light and soothing, but firm.
“Milord, Great King!” The elf greeted, “I am messenger Xelios, there has been a letter delivered by the falcons. It claims news of the situation between Garador and Damados.”
“I have always suspected that their relationship has been shaky. And? What has happened of their banter?” He asked.
“It seems that Damados invaded Garador three nights ago. King Ran the Magnificent was slain by King Marcoh the Powerful. Damados had triumphed over Garador!” The messenger said.
The King leaned back on his throne and said naught for he was in deep thought. It has been too quiet for too long. Finally King Marcoh had stirred the waters. By now, the other Kingdoms should be on the move. The game of chess has started.
Kingdom of Sorudal.
In the Kingdom of Sorudal lies only a single tree. The tree grew large, connecting the earth to the sky. It did not grow straight, but spiralled up. And in the base of the tree was carved out, inside lied a throne of jewels, with a very large man was on it. That man was a giant, and the largest of his kind. His foot was already larger than an average human. He was a muscular yet flabby man who wore a fur coat around his waist and nothing on his top. His neck hung jewelled necklaces as his ears, nose and lips were pierced with precious metal.
The man laid lazily in his throne. He was the King of Sorudal, King Kureth the Ruthless. Beside him was a large marble bowl placed on a table, it contained round, red fruits soaked in water. The round fruits were as large as the tip of his finger, and as large as a man’s head. The King placed his hand in the bowl and fiddled the fruits with his fingers in boredom. The fruits were plucked from the giant tree, a tree found only in Sorudal.
There was a shriek from above, and a grotesque creature dropped to the ground. It was the size of a human, but it failed to give off that impression. It crouched like an animal. The creature had wrinkled, dirty-brown skin, and it seemed it was made up of only skin and bones. The nails were as long as daggers and they were as black as the night. The head resembled a man’s, but with the mouth protruding slightly and having only holes for ears. It had large, blood-red eyes and a sharp nose. On its spiny back protruded small fins. Thin skin stretched from its arms to the legs, forming a sort of wings.
The creature hopped up to the armchair of the throne and shrieked again. There was a string hanging from its black teeth with a letter tied to it. The King recognised the creature.
“Vampire.” He said in a loud, cracked voice, “You brought again something ay? What news now?”
King Kureth noticed the blood stained on its mouth and hands.
“Did you eat the Delivery Falcon again?” He sighed, “Oh well, what’s done is done.”
The King took the letter from the vampire and opened it. The vampire then scurried up a wooden beam skilfully, before jumping off and gliding out of the tree. As King Kureth read the letter, he started to laugh madly. His laughed echoed throughout the whole tree.
“So that is how it is?!” He exclaimed wildly, “A new King has been crowned! Ha! How interesting! How very interesting! King Damon the Powerful eh?! It’s been two hundred years since I have ruled, finally the gears started to turn!”
King Kureth got off his throne.
He roared with excitement, “Get me my staff and my crown! Ha! Ha! Ha! It is time to move! The new era is coming!”
Kingdom of Tothem.
It was late in the morning, and Norith was taking a walk around the Kingdom. In the plaza, he sat down on a wooden bench and observed the crowd. There was an old woman who sat on another bench in front of him. She threw what he suspected to be Tozu seeds on the ground. The seeds came raining down upon the ground, and the birds all gathered there and feasted upon them. 
Norith watched the birds blankly, for his mind would not rest. The moon was red and now the sun was dim. A terrible omen indeed. Wherever Reinus and Fallonye were now, he just had to hope they were all right. He sighed, he should head back, for Leil and Kae were still in the castle.
Just as he got up, the flock of birds suddenly fluttered off as a young man ran across the parade. He stopped right in front of the notice board – a wooden board where all news and implemented laws are pinned up. He quickly fumbled with a sheet of paper from his pouch and hammered it against the board. The man ran off again, to another place, he was most likely a messenger.
Norith walked towards the board and read the piece of parchment. On the top was the crest of the Kingdom of Tothem; an eagle extending its talons to catch prey. The headline was written in bold and underlined.
“The Fall of Garador.” Norith whispered and his face paled. Nay, it cannot be, it was too sudden! As he read on, more people crowded around him.
Greetings, People of Tothem.
It may be shocking news to you, for what has happened was very sudden and unexpected indeed. The Kingdom of Garador has fallen by the hands of the Kingdom of Damados. King Ran the Magnificent was slain and King Marcoh the Powerful has been crowned as the new King.
The attack happened the previous night, a week before Princess Niera of Damados and Prince Leyn of Garador were supposed to be wed. At around nine-o-clock, Damados troops stormed the Kingdom through the bridge connecting to Garador. The Royal Castle was overrun and King Ran was slain. Past midnight, Damados had fully claimed the Kingdom of Garador. 
The following day, King Marcoh the Powerful was crowned as the King of Garador. Princess Niera and Prince Leyn were found dead in the forest outside the Kingdom of Garador. Both seemed to have sustained severe injuries. A funeral was to be held at a date later announced.
Travelling Bard, Spider
Norith was devastated as he stoned in front of the board, ignoring the people behind him asking him to step aside. Garador had fallen! His King was dead. He knew it! It was suspicious for a wedding to suddenly occur. It was all a trap, and it worked. But that was not what worried him. Fallonye definitely went there, hearing about the assault on Garador that night. She did something reckless, he assumed. 
Norith now knew why she had not told him a thing, she did not want him to get involved, or hurt.
“What right has she to lecture me, she herself willingly plunged into the pit of flames.” He muttered softly.
Although he hated to admit, he somehow felt slightly relieved after knowing that Reinus followed after her. That Dragon had better not let her die. He thought as he sprinted back to the castle. 
For that moment he felt slightly better, for it had been a while since had a good run. The wind brushed back his hair and caressed his face as his legs felt stretched and relieved. In ten minutes he reached the castle, and all worry fell down on him once more. He ran past the guards stationed at their posts. When they shouted at him, he threw the gold eagle at them to prove his authorisation to enter. He flung the door open and saw the King of Tothem sitting on the sofa in front of the fireplace. Leil and Kae were playing on the carpet.
“Dures!” Norith panted as he eyed the King.
“What is it?” He asked, looking ever so calm.
“You know it!” Norith said, and in a softer voice spoke, “Let us talk elsewhere.”
King Dures nodded, they did not want to involve Leil, for she was too young. They talked in Dures’ room. 
“You knew about what happened last night?” Norith questioned.
“About what?”
“Do not feign ignorance, I know that all of you were lying. Tell me, did Fallonye and Reinus go to Garador?” Norith asked.
Dures sighed, “Yes.”
“Did you hear from them yet?” Norith asked, hoping for a good answer.
“…Not yet.” Dures said slowly.
Norith’s heart sank, he was about to say something when Dures spoke before him.
“I was about to tell you, a bird from Zor arrived just an hour ago. Zor said he had sent a message to Fallonye, telling her to go the Mountains of Reasant.” Dures started.
“That lies deep in Outcast Lands, why there?”
“A clue of the Dragons reside there, in the village of Phoenixes.” He explained. As Norith got up to leave, Dures asked, “Where are you going?”
“It is time to go.” Norith replied. 
Dures stood up, blocking Norith, “Where? And what of Leil?”
“Worry not, I will take her, just as I promised Zor. I will not cross the border into the Outcast Lands, but I will wait where we are bound to cross paths on their way back.” Norith assured. “It would be faster if we proceed to Linthas from there than from Tothem.”
“You do not insist on finding her?” Dures sounded surprised.
“This was her decision, since she has left me behind, I must not interfere. The least I can do is trust her.” Norith said.
“A wise decision indeed.”
Norith left his room in haste and went to the fireplace, where Leil and Kae were playing at. They were still there, but they were playing no more. Leil sat very near to the fireplace, her eyes concentrated on the flickering flames. Kae curled into a ball and slept on her lap.
“Leil.” Norith called out softly, “We have to go, let us pack up. I will explain to you along the way.”
Leil nodded. She gently placed Kae on the carpet and ran to her room. Norith packed some food supplies from the pantry and medicine from the doctor. He also strapped Fallonye’s and Reinus’ belongings together with his. He slung his large spear behind his back. The feel of his spear was rusty, for he had not used it for quite some time. Carrying his belongings on his back, he went to Leil’s room. Gently, he knocked the door and opened it. Leil was sitting on her bed with her small sack waiting patiently.
“Are you ready?” He asked.
Leil nodded.
“Come, let’s go.” He said.
She hopped off the bed and followed him. They went to the front entrance of the castle, where King Dures and Kae awaited them. Kae flew onto Norith’s shoulder as King Dures nodded at him. Norith nodded back.
“Your horse is already waiting at the gates of the Kingdom. Seeing how you would not be able to take care of three horses, I will accommodate Reinus’ and Fallonye’s horses.” Dures said. 
“You have my thanks…though I still fail to understand why you are willing to help us generously, considering you only met a sister a few days ago.” Norith said.
“No one does.”
Norith turned away silently and walked out of the castle, raising his hand to say farewell. Leil bowed quickly at Dures and followed after Norith. They travelled down the platform into Snake’s Den and reached the gates in a half an hour. He saw a familiar dark-brown horse being watched over by a guard at the gate. Norith greeted the guard and took the reins of his horse. He helped Leil onto the horse and mounted it after. 
“Come on Teggier, let us proceed to the border.” Norith said. The horse rode off into the distance.
Chapter 33: Hint of Golden Wings
Royal Castle, Kingdom of Garador.
King Marcoh the Powerful sat upon the throne in deep thought. His mind were clouded by thoughts of his Head General, Reinus Sildon. It has been quite some time, and Reinus was gone without a trace. Ever since that ball, he disappeared into thin air. King Marcoh had no evidence, yet he could not stop getting the feeling that Reinus and the pair of golden wings were connected. The more he thought about it, the more he was sure that what he saw was a Dragon.
Even the soldiers speak of its strength, no, their strength. There were two of them. Even till now the soldiers speak of it, their strength to fell a thousand men. The King was sure of it, they were Dragons. He knew Reinus was strong, but he did not know how strong. The King sat up.
“Call the Commanders and the Chancellor, a meeting shall be held tonight.” He told the guard beside him.
Later this evening, the two Commanders, the Chancellor and the King sat around a round table. Wine and bread was served to them, which of course were left untouched.
“I apologise for calling all of you here, for it has been tiring the past few days and I am intruding upon your rest. Yet the world moves fast, and I have to keep up with its pace.” King Marcoh apologised.
“This is only right, my King. There is no need for you to apologise.” Ozoen said.
“As you all know, the news of my crowning should have spread throughout the land by now. I have yet to know how the other Kingdoms are to react. It may be stressful, but I need all of you to maintain our defences. They may plot to strike us when we let our guards down.” The King explained.
“That we will do, my King.” Both Commanders replied. Commander Ozoen asked, “Our Prophet, Telzian, has made his word?”
“Not yet, but Prophets can only predict so much.”
Commander Trone took out a crumpled parchment from his pocket and handed it to the King.
“A small bit of information, this is the person who had spread the word to the whole land.” Commander Trone said.
“Travelling Bard, Spider.” The King read out, “I have heard of him. The traveller famous for spreading information.”
“No one knows his real name nor identity. People who spread information are targeted by the Kings after all, for they spread hidden secrets that the Kings do not want to have exposed.” Jabis said.
“Spider is elusive and mysterious, it would waste too much energy trying to sieve him out. We shall leave this case to rest for now.” King Marcoh said. “There is something more important I would like to talk about.”
“What concerns you, my King?” Ozoen asked.
“It is just an assumption, but I believe that the Dragons are alive.” King Marcoh said in a haunting voice.
“What?! Impossible! They have died out two centuries ago!” Trone exclaimed.
“My King, why do you think so?” Ozoen asked.
“Commander Ozoen, do you remember the two people that fought a thousand men?” King Marcoh asked. “And one later flew away with a pair of golden wings?”
Ozoen’s face paled, “You cannot mean…yet…now that you mentioned it, it could be a possibility…”
King Marcoh sighed, “Indeed…what I find most worrying is that Reinus has been gone for too long.”
“You think…he is that Dragon?” Jabis asked.
King Marcoh kept silent, answering his question.
“Then, what about the other that fought with him?” Commander Trone asked.
“He disappeared during the night of the ball.” King Marcoh said. “That could be possibly a clue.”
Jabis leapt off his chair, he exclaimed, “Aha! I know now! That night he danced with Fallonye, the strongest Knight in Garador!”
“Explain, Jabis.”
“I knew as much as the King did. Fallonye was a baby that we found in the Forest of Grievance. We did not know where she was from, but we raised her. She grew up strong, as a man.” Jabis explained.
“You think she is a Dragon?” King Marcoh asked.
“I have never seen anyone as strong.” Jabis said firmly.
“I see…as of now we have no solid evidence. We shall this for now, just keep it in mind.” The King said.
“As you wish, my King.”
“Lastly, for today…” King Marcoh said in a sad voice. “What of the funeral of King Ran, Prince Leyn and my daughter?”
The tension in the room tightened at the mention of the King’s deceased daughter. It was truly a mishap, and unfortunate one. Sure, the King did not tell her a word about his plan, but had not expect her to die. The King ordered that normal citizens shall be spared, and the royalty captured but not harmed.
“It…has been prepared. King Ran’s funeral shall be held in three days, and Prince Leyn’s and Princess Niera’s a day after.” Jabis said.
“I see…You have my gratitude, Jabis.” King Marcoh said.
King Marcoh rose from the table and dismissed Jabis and the Commanders, saying he needed to write a letter to his wife, which he did later in the night. Before that, however, he roamed around the castle gardens and sat on a bench. He stared at the locket in his hands. It was a small silver locket given by his daughter on his birthday. It was the last thing she has given him.
He clenched the locket tightly in his fist, and said to no one in particular, “Niera, I don’t know if you are hearing this now, but I am sorry… I know, I have been a terrible father. I gave you up for the sake of the Kingdom, and all the trust you had in me.”
“Remember the promise I made? That I would eat Welberry pies with you on the first snow? It seems…I broke that promise…” He continued. His grip on the locket loosened, and now it sat gently on the palm on his hand. He closed his eyes, “I…have already sacrificed you whom I loved, and although you might hate me for it, I will move on. I cannot bear weakness. As selfish as this sounds, would you continue to look after me?”
Of course there was no answer, and the King just sat there with his eyes closed for a long time. Yet, what the King failed to see, was the single puff of snow that gently landed on the silver locket.
Unknown location.
Reinus and Fallonye had been walking for a few days. They passed through hills, forests and plains. The owl told them not to fly, but they could not do so anyway. They were unable to fly because of their injuries, and Fallonye still had poison in her blood. If Reinus flew and carried her, the impact of the flight would make the poison spread faster, and it would be less likely to disappear. Reinus tried to make some antidote, but the type of poison was something that he had not seen before.
The more worrisome fact was that they were running out of water. Although they were surrounded by forests, they could find no useful plant nor tree to provide them water. There was also no river nor pond nearby. 
“It rained a few days ago, yet not a drop of water to be found.” Reinus growled.
“Indeed, even if we drank sap, most of the plants here are toxic.” Fallonye said.
They were going down a mountain, and on the way they plucked edible berries that they could find. As they continued combing through the sharp rocks and cliffs, Reinus noticed Fallonye’s breathing getting more uneven, her panting was getting more audible. He offered to carry her pack, but she refused, saying that she was fine. It was evident that the poison had no sign of dissolving.
A few more hours of trekking, with a few breaks along the way before they exited the lush green environment. The further they went, the shorter the trees and the fewer the flowers, eventually reducing into shrubs and bushes. The soil was not damp or rich in nutrients, but dried and cracked. There was also the desert goats, which was called laka. The goats had long golden fur and wide feet, with a large pouch hanging from their jaw the most prominent feature. At the very last shrub they stopped, for in front of them displayed an endless sea of golden sand. Nothing but dunes and dunes of sand. 
“Here we are, Gold Crown. The ring of desert that surrounds the Outcast Lands.” Reinus said. “From here on out lies unknown dangers.”
Fallonye nodded, amazed yet hesitant. She had never seen a desert before. Who knew that a place could be so…empty? She thought. They proceeded forward, stepping into the sea of sand. They put on their masks and cloaks to shield their face from the sand. For once Fallonye and Reinus were glad to be Dragons, for the heat did not bother them. However, the lack of water did.
Another few hours they walked before they stopped for the night, for the sun started to set. The desert gets icy cold at night, and it would be wise to stop in their tracks. On a flat rock they laid their bedding to sleep in, with consisted of a few pieces of cloth. That night Fallonye and Reinus drank the last of their water, leaving the berries as the only source to obtain liquid from.
Dinner was nothing much either. They had plenty of dried food to eat, but they just took nibbles for it made their throat dry. As it started to get cold, Reinus breathed a ring of fire around the rock, surrounding the both of them. It was both to provide warmth and to prevent scorpions, snakes or any poisonous beast from reaching them.
The next day, as soon as the sun rose, they set off again. They ate the berries in minute amounts to give them some moisture, but eventually they ran out. By that time it was already in the afternoon, and both their throats burned.
“How long more?” Fallonye asked. It was painful to speak because of how parched she was.
“A day.” Reinus replied, feeling equally as thirsty.
In front of them the dunes flattened out slightly, with the sand getting hardened into solid ground, and rocks and boulders laid there. There was a lone Acacia tree that managed to grow on the dry ground. Yet it was almost dead anyway, for its leaves drooped and branches dried.
“Shall we rest for a while?” Reinus asked.
“I do not mind.” She replied.
They leaned against the tree tiredly, they were both hungry, thirsty and exhausted. When Fallonye turned to look at Reinus, he had already fallen asleep. It seems that he has not gotten much rest, and he was dehydrated as well. A small chirping sound gotten Fallonye’s attention. She looked up to see a small, light-brown bird sitting on a branch. There was only one bird.
Anything to stay alive… She thought as she grabbed her bow carefully, not startling the bird. She drew back an arrow and aimed at the desert bird. Releasing the string, the arrow nailed through the bird’s head. It dropped to the ground, lifeless. Fallonye picked it up and removed the arrow. The punctured wound was leaking blood.
Fallonye nudged Reinus, waking him up from his nap. As soon as his eyes opened, she held the bird above his mouth.
“What? A dead bird?” Reinus asked, confused.
“Drink the blood.” Fallonye said.
“You’re jesting.” He said.
“It has plenty of water, nutrients as well.” Fallonye said.
Reinus seemed hesitant, but opened his mouth nonetheless. Fallonye squeezed the neck of the bird, forcing blood out of the wound. The blood dripped into his mouth. He swallowed and groaned.
“It’s awful.” Reinus said.
“Finish it.” Fallonye said as she handed the bird to him. “You need as much water as you can get.”
“What about you? Don’t you need to drink as well?” He asked.
“I already did from another bird I caught earlier.” She lied. Fallonye wanted to drink the blood as well, for she was incredibly thirsty, but decided that Reinus needed it more.
Reinus nodded and squeezed out the remaining blood, grimacing in distaste. It was bitter and disgusting, but it contained water which he needed.
“A bird means water, there has to be some water source nearby.” Fallonye said.
“Indeed. Quiet now, let me listen.” Reinus said as he closed his eyes and focused on his hearing. He immersed himself in darkness, just focusing on listening. As he concentrated deeply, his hearing became more acute with his Dragon senses. Soon, what he heard was what he saw.
“I hear the hoofs of a herd of Laka, and the chirping of the birds. There must be water there, it is along our path.” Reinus said.
Chapter 34: Life Withers
Sariul Mangrove.
On the way to the border of the Outcast Lands, Norith and Leil had to pass through the Sariul Forest. It was a wet mangrove which the trees were monstrously large and the sunlight never reaches the ground. It was an ancient place, full of strange beasts, and was untouched by man. Compared to other forests, the mangrove was difficult to walk through, for it was covered in heavy vegetation. Although it was untouched by humans, no fairy lived here, for the place was much too foul.
Norith held a torch and scaled through the trees and pits, pulling his horse by the reins. Leil sat atop of the horse with Kae on her shoulder. It was a bumpy ride, but at least they had a mount to sit on. The trees croaked with life as the insects performed their little orchestra. The muddy soil bubbled as the murky swamp water rippled. It was a dark and gloomy place, without a torch it would be almost impossible to see.
Norith stopped at a relatively flat and solid ground and stabbed the wooden torch into the ground. He looked up and sighed.
“This mangrove is overgrown, even the light fails to go through. I cannot tell the time of day.” He muttered. “Wait here shorty, I need to climb up to keep track of the sun’s position.”
Leil nodded and slid off the horse and held its reins.
“Do not astray from the fire.” Norith said firmly.
He placed down his belongings and only brought his spear with him. The nails on his hands sharpened into claws. Grabbing onto the trunk of a very old tree, Norith started to climb up. Skilfully and smoothly he did so, and soon disappeared into the thicket of leaves. Yet he was still far off from the top, for this was a very aged forest indeed, and the trees had grown abnormally large. There were monkeys that gazed at him curiously as well as the birds that eyed him. It was relatively easy to climb, for there were huge fungi on the tree that he could step on.
Meanwhile, Leil sat in front of the torch, curiously observing the moths and small insects fluttering around the flame. Sometimes the fire flickered a little, and an unaware fly gets caught in the blazing flame, burning to death. It is funny, why would creatures go closer to something that would kill them?
Suddenly, there was a cracking of branches and rustling of leaves not far from her. Leil snapped her head up in shock and fear. Kae stood up and bristled her fur, hissing towards that direction. There was a sound of muffled speech.
“Leader, I do not see the need of creating a hideout in such a place!” A voice said.
“This mangrove is perfect, Vezen. No humans, no nothing. We thieves would never get caught here. Especially since this is close to the merchant route from Damados to Sorudal.” A gruff voice said.
“I cannot bear to live in such a- wait, leader, do you see that? There’s a light over there!” He said.
“There should be no light reaching the ground, it must be a fire. Someone is here, it seems.” The leader said.
They walked closer to the light, making little noise. But of course it was difficult to, for they had to step on dried leaves and fallen branches. Leil was frightened as she heard them approach her direction. She quickly scrambled up to her feet, dragged the belongings and hid inside a bush, followed by Kae. She could have ran away, but she dared not stray too far from the fire. Leil remembered what Zor told her. The wild is an unforgiving place, once you lose your light, you will lose your way.
She peeked through the leaves wearily, and sure enough the two bulky men stumbled into the clearing. Both of them wielded swords and wore ragged clothes. They inspected the torch and looked around the clearing. They spotted Teggier.
“A horse! There was someone here, just as expected.” The shorter one said.
“Well of course! Fire cannot be made on its own.” The leader growled. He walked towards the horse and stroked its head.
“A fine horse. Ah…but there is no one in sight.” The leader muttered, “Vezen, have you looked around?”
“I have, leader. Nothing was found, the person must have ran away.” Vezen said.
Leil watched from behind the bush, her breath uneven as her heartbeat pummelled against her chest. Both she and Kae were deadly silent. As she saw that they were about to leave with Teggier being pulled along, Leil heaved a sigh of relief. However, that lasted short for she heard a soft hissing sound beside her.
Whipping her head towards that direction, she spotted a white snake advancing towards her. She took a stick and beat the snake repeatedly although she was frightened. The snake winced, but did not retreat. It hissed and pounced forward, biting Leil. Leil gasped in surprise and pain and tumbled out of the bushes, scampering away from the snake. The two men turned towards the commotion and saw Leil.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?” The leader grinned menacingly. Both he and Vezen held their swords menacingly. 
Leil could not stand, instead she scrambled backwards away from the men walking towards her. To her horror, her back hit the trunk of a tree. There was no escape. She shook in fear as they came closer with their blades.
“Sorry, little girl, but I can’t let you go away after hearing everything.” The leader said insincerely.
Kae stood in front of Leil protectively, hissing at the two men. Kae puffed up her fur and stretched her wings wide, trying to appear bigger. Her tail stood up straight as she bared her teeth.
“How cute, a little kitty baring its fangs at us.” He sneered.
Kae snarled and leapt up to the man’s face, scratching and biting him. The man grunted in pain as Kae inflicted scratches and wounds on his face. Angrily, he grabbed hold of the cat in one hand and threw it hard. Kae bashed against a tree and collapsed.
Tears escaped Leil’s eyes watching her friend fall unconscious. She wobbly stood up and tried to sprint to Teggier to get a knife from Norith’s belongings. Unfortunately, the speed of a grown man outmatched hers, and the man grabbed her hair before she could reach the horse. As the man was about to attack her with his sword, she screamed. Leil gave the most terrified scream, which echoed throughout the mangrove. 
A few minutes before, Norith calculated the time as he stared at the sun. It was almost sundown. Suddenly, a shrill scream ripped across the mangrove and reached his ears. The scream belonged to none other than Leil. A sudden wave of panic hit him, and he quickly grabbed hold onto a vine and slid down. Landing on a branch near the bottom, he saw the two man advancing towards Leil. 
Immediately, he held his spear and leapt down from a high height. Norith landed on Vezen and took him out instantly. The leader turned to face him in shock, but before he could react, something terrifyingly peculiar occurred. The man who held onto Leil suddenly shivered and released her hair. His skin began to wrinkle tremendously as his face became twisted. Parts of his body began to decay and blacken. The man trembled in fear as his body became less humane. He screamed as his whole body twisted and blackened. Then, there was silence as he fell to the ground.
There was a pulse from the mangrove, ever since Leil screamed. All insects stopped humming and everything was still. The tree where Leil was leaning against started to blacken and wither. Then the surrounding plants started to wither and die, as if being strangled. There was a white snaked that hissed painfully as it wiggled its body, as if struggling to break free from something. The snake eventually stopped moving and disintegrated. 
Everything around Leil started to die from an unknown force. Was it because of Leil’s magic? She cannot control it yet, her magic is strong but emotions rule upon it. Norith thought. Leil did not seem to notice anything and continued crying. He knelt down in front of her and pat her head gently.
“Shorty, hush now, it is alright. The men are gone, you are safe.” Norith said, but his voice went unheard.
More plants and trees continued to wither.
“Leil!” Norith said.
Leil snapped her head up, her face streaked with tear stains. Upon seeing Norith, she buried her face in his shoulder to gain comfort. For a few minutes they remained silent while she tried to compose herself. As soon as she had, she looked around at the destruction and the twisted body of a man.
“Everything, all the plants…are dead…” She said slowly, “Did I…do all of this?”
“It seems your powerful magic cannot be controlled yet.” Norith said.
“I…never asked for this power. I’m scared…everything around me dies…” She whispered, gripping Norith’s shirt tightly.
Norith got up and went to the pack of belongings that she hid in the bushes. He rummaged through a sack and got out a small knife. Leil watched silently as Norith walked back to her. He showed her the knife and passed it to her. Leil hesitantly took it.
“If you use this, you would not need to use your powers. At least with this, you have a chance to fight back.” Norith said. “Are you willing to pick up this knife?”
Leil slowly nodded.
“Are you sure? Training will be tough. And this…is a weapon. Do you know what that means? It means as long as you hold this, you aim to kill.” Norith said seriously.
“I will take it.” She said softly.
“Then I will teach you.”
Kingdom of Garador.
By the cliff facing the sea, two tombstones stood. They were large and grand as they stood high on the cliff which the waves crashed against. On the same cliff a small group of people stood, for it was only a private ceremony. King Marcoh and Queen Celian stood at the front of the group, with Prophet Telzian facing them. Prophets are considered messengers of the sky and foretellers, yet they hold less power than a Sky Prophet. Prophet Telzian was a Prophet under Damados.
The crowd was silent as the Prophet cleared his throat, the only sounds came from Queen Celian, who tried to cry silently. Of course, she failed as occasional sobs and whimpers escaped. Behind them was a caretaker which held a baby boy in her arms. The baby was just a few months old. He was the son of King Marcoh and Celian, Prince Percivus. And the group behind them consisted of relatives and some nobility.
“Today, we mourn for two beloved people. Prince Leyn of Garador and Princess Niera of Damados. Prince Leyn and Princess Niera had fallen during the invasion of Garador and today we pay our respects to them….” The Prophet started, but his voice was soon drowned as King Marcoh’s thoughts drifted away.
He stared blankly at Princess Niera’s grave, eyes filled with sorrow. Why did she have to love this man? He lifted his head as he caught a few words mentioned by the prophet.
“…those two were in love…”
King Marcoh thought bitterly in his mind. Spider would definitely write about their sweet and sad love story…If the world learns of this, my daughter’s pride would be in shame indeed. That travelling bard…if he does spread the word, I shall personally find him and kill him!
In a few hours, the funeral ended, and everyone took turns to lay their flowers, paying their respects to the Prince and Princess. Slowly, they all begun to leave, with only King Marcoh, Queen Celian, Jabis of Lanure and the two Commanders remaining.
“Jabis of Lanure, I shall let you handle the matters in Garador, for I cannot govern two places at once. Stay here and reform this Kingdom.” King Marcoh said.
“As you wish, my King.” Jabis bowed.
“Commander Trone, you shall also stay here and guide the army.” 
“As you wish, my King.” Commander Trone said.
“I shall return to Damados, for that is where my Kingdom lies, and Queen Celian shall follow me. Commander Ozoen, you shall follow me.” King Marcoh said.
“I shall.” Commander Ozoen replied.
“We shall depart tomorrow, with Prophet Telzian with us.” King Marcoh said.
Chapter 35: Against the World
Gold Crown.
Ahead of them laid large boulders in the sand, and to Fallonye’s and Reinus’ relief, they heard animals and birds. As they inched closer, they saw the herds of laka that gathered together, as well as the desert birds that perched on top of the rocks. Most importantly, they saw the pool of water that has not dried up yet, an oasis in the middle of a desert. Fallonye hoped that her eyes did not play any tricks on her, for it would be very cruel indeed.
“Tell me I am seeing right, there is water.” Fallonye said.
“If you are wrong, then so am I.” Reinus replied.
They were almost there, just a few more steps. Without warning, the ground below them began to shake, shaking as violently as an earthquake. The ground rumbled and the water shook. The laka dispersed and the birds flew away, startled. Both Fallonye and Reinus lost their footing in the soft sand. Before them, something rose from the sand, and it rose high and proud.
It was a centipede, as large as you can imagine, larger than their Dragon form. Only one leg was as tall as them. The centipede was of a dark purple and black stripes. Its legs were black, fading to dull orange near the tip. Two, disgustingly long antennas protruded from its head. Four tiny black eyes rested on the top of its head and four deadly jaws at its mouth. The centipede hissed.
“Foolish humans, you dare come to this oasis?!” The centipede spoke, but through their minds, not audibly.
“I should have expected overgrown pests in this desert.” Reinus mocked.
“You have no right to be here. Leave!” It hissed.
“And what right have you to tell us to leave?” Reinus argued back.
“I am the guardian of this desert, all that is here belongs to me. Of course, why should I share this precious water to human scum like you?”
“We just need a sip of water, we will not take any.” Fallonye said.
“This is why creatures who walk on two legs are foolish, they always think they can get what they want. They cut down trees, slay animals, fell birds… They can do whatever they want there, but this desert is my territory. This water belongs to the animals and myself. Why, should I let a human like you, drink from it?” It laughed darkly.
“Then we won’t drink, just let us pass.” Fallonye bargained.
“This is the boundary of the Outcast Lands, where the exiled and weak gather, banished by their own kind. I let them pass, but you are not someone who is weak. If I let you in, you who are strong will prey on those who are weak. This is no place for the both of you. Turn back!” It commanded.
“Please-” Fallonye started, but was cut off by Reinus.
“Stop, there is no point trying to negotiate. He would not listen.” Reinus muttered, glaring at the centipede.
“Smart man.” The centipede sneered.
The centipede gave no warning, before diving down and trying to clamp the two with its jaws. However its jaws met nothing but air, for the both of them managed to dodge. Fallonye managed to avoid the clamping jaws, but the poison and lack of water managed to get to her. Her vision blurred as she stumbled in her landing. 
Seeing it as an opportunity, the centipede was about to attack Fallonye, but was interrupted as it was lit in a golden fire. Reinus had breathed fire upon him. He expected that the beastly insect to thrust about in pain, but the centipede merely laughed as it was lit in fire.
“Fool! I am king of the desert! Do you actually think heat affects me?! My shell is steel!” It roared.
It scurried over the sand lightly, thanks to its legs. Soon enough, its long body surrounded Fallonye, who was unable to move from her spot. She was still trying to recover, but her mind was still blurred and her movements dulled. One of the centipede’s antennas wrapped tightly around her body and carried her in the air. Fallonye groaned as she struggled and wormed her way out, managing to pull out one hand. On her free hand, her sharp claws extended and she clawed the antenna.
The antenna was teared apart and started to fall together with her. In the nick of time, Reinus caught Fallonye in the air as he unveiled his wings, he then unwrapped the antenna from her body.
The centipede hissed and raged in pain, “How?! How do you breathe fire, not be roasted in flames, and have golden wings? What are you?!”
“Not what you expected we are.” Reinus said.
The centipede roared and buried into the ground, unseen. Yet it was still lurking around, waiting for a chance to strike. The sand continued to shift as the ground shook, and Fallonye and Reinus were wary of its whereabouts. There was a moment of stillness, before the centipede shot up again, aiming for Reinus. Fallonye managed to pull him out of the way, narrowly escaping its jaws.
Growling, Reinus transformed into his Dragon form. Unlike Fallonye, his injuries were almost fully healed, and he was in good condition. A golden tornado engulfed his body and grew enormous, it dissipated and there stood a golden Dragon. It was a mighty and frightening sight, for nothing defeats the scene of a Dragon of gold in the sun-bathed desert. The Dragon leapt forward with its long, snake-like body at the centipede. Reinus curled around the centipede as it struggled against him. 
Opening his jaws wide, Reinus clamped down his fangs against the centipede’s hard shell, piercing through it. Both beasts struggled and fought, tangled in each other’s bodies as they rolled on the sand. They growled and roared, tearing at each other. It was a battle of beasts.
Fallonye, on the other hand, waited patiently for a chance to strike. She had found the centipede’s weak spot, its mouth. As Reinus pinned it down for a fraction of a second, Fallonye took that opportunity. Wielding Reinus’ swords, Biter, she leapt up to the creatures head and hung on to it. The centipede raged, shaking its head violently to throw her off, yet she hung on tight. 
Fallonye pierced the sword into the centipede’s mouth, and the sword imbedded deep in the centipede’s head. Black, disgusting goo started to spew out from the wound as the centipede stopped struggling. Fallonye took out the sword, now covered in the black fluid, and jumped off the head, landing on the sand. Reinus uncurled himself from the centipede’s limp body and transformed back into his human form. The centipede lay there, with black liquid flowing from his head. It was motionless, but a very weak voice could still be heard.
“Ha…Are you proud that you aren’t humans that I despise? Don’t be. You…you are much more rotten than humans. Dragons are prideful and majestic? Bah! You Dragons are nothing more than monsters. Although I will die, you two are not free from hatred. For there are many more creatures than me who loathe your race, the both of you shall forever be condemned.” It wheezed darkly. “The both of you…are against the world!”
There was no more voice, for the life completely faded away from the creature, leaving nothing behind but silence.
“Do you think I do not know that I am hated? I know very well that the both of us are against the world. I know that we are no better than humans, for I hate the Dragons as well. If you weren’t dead, I would have like you to tell me something. Is there anyone in the land that has not sinned? If not, who has the right to judge us?” Reinus said to the already motionless creature, and received no reply.
Slowly they recovered themselves, and they walked away from the carcass. Both of them never spoke about the centipede, for they did not know what to speak of it. Of course, Fallonye thought about the words it spoke, but she also did not feel like expressing her thoughts at the moment. They were too tired and thirsty. They proceeded to the pool of water, now with no animals present. They stooped down to drink. As Fallonye sipped a slight amount of the refreshing liquid, she stopped in thought.
“…Don’t you think…that we are robbers? We killed for this water, we are exactly what the centipede says we are.” Fallonye said.
“Dragon or human, our hearts are all the same, aren’t they? There is good, there is wickedness. Have you gone soft, Fallonye?” Reinus said.
“Quite the opposite…perhaps my heart is even colder, for not a pang of remorse after killing the centipede. Is this what a path of a ruler is like?” Fallonye asked, but more to herself.
“Is that not natural? Anyone on the path to be King faces the same challenges. To lose people, to kill people, it is all part of this path. There is no such King who had not killed. And all the more that war is a game played without rules. Our hearts will harden, definitely. What matters is if you can keep them.” Reinus sighed.
“If I do not keep it, I assume that we would end up like King Ran?” She questioned.
“Yes.” He said as he took a swig of water to quench his thirst.
Fallonye drank also, savouring the cool liquid caress her dry throat. She was thirsty, thirstier than she felt before. Never before in her life had she been in so much need for water. Although the water was slightly murky and contained bits of dirt, it served as a saviour for the two Dragons. Gratefully, she drank the water to quench her thirst.
After they had finished, they refilled their water pouches with the water, hoping it lasts until their return. Once they have settled, they decided to move again, for it was only mid-day and the sun was not going down anytime soon. They left the pool of water behind, and returned to walking across nothing but sand and rock. Reinus did want to fly, but the words the owl said haunted him and ceased those thoughts.
A few more hours of walking, before they saw a tinge of green ahead. It was faint, but definitely they spotted trees and shrubs. A while more, before the dry desert turned into a lush green forest, brimming with grass and trees.
Reinus looked back, “Well, this is the end of Gold Crown. From here on out, we tread on the Outcast Lands.”
Sariul Mangrove.
Norith started Leil’s training, consisting of simple swipes and parrying. She practiced as they rested, and swung as they travelled. Norith could tell that she was serious about learning the skills of wielding a blade. Leil must have been that afraid of her own power. Sometimes Norith worried about her as he observed her swinging and lunging with the knife that seemed big in her hands. She was a girl of small and petite frame, but adamant and determined.
There was a light ahead of the overshadowed mangrove and as they emerged, the ancient trees and sticky mud were no more. It was the end of the Sariul Mangrove, and the side of the Road of Kargan. The Road of Kargan stretched from the Kingdom of Damados to the Kingdom of Sorudal. It was a very wide road, and there were many people travelling across it. Drat. He cursed as he spotted Damados patrollers. 
“Leil, put on your hood, we will be crossing the road. It isn’t too wide to walk across, but wide enough to be easily seen.” Norith told her as he put on his on hood.
She nodded and did as she was told.
Norith examined her face in thought, before he rummaged through his backpack. A few seconds later, he pulled out a long piece of cloth. He tied it around her head, making it cover her white eye.
“In case, where it all the time. Are you alright with this?” Norith asked.
Leil nodded.
“Hide your blade, we must not be suspicious.” He told her as she mounted the horse.
Calmly, he walked out of the thicket of trees, pulling Teggier with him. Slowly and naturally he followed the road, sneakily shifting towards the other end when no one was looking. With the number of merchants with carriages and carts walking along the road, he was hoping that the guards would less likely single him out. Norith was almost at the other side, when one guard shouted.
“Halt, sir!” The guard said as he blocked Norith’s path. “May I ask you and that little kid to take of your hood? Security has tightened these days, especially after the war, we cannot let you pass unless you show your face.”
“Of course.” Norith said and pulled down his hood. Hopefully none of the guards recognised him as a former Knight of Garador.
“What about that child?” The guard eyed Leil. He walked towards Leil and attempted to unveil her hood.
“I suggest you don’t touch her.” Norith warned before the guard touched her hood, “She’s sick, a transmittable disease that scars her face. The child does not want her face to be shown, and I doubt that you would want to get her disease either. No one would touch her, that’s why I am bringing her to a well-known doctor. Of course, you can proceed if you must, but don’t blame me if anything happens.”
The guard gulped and cleared his throat, retracting his hand.
“Proceed, you are clear.” He said.
Norith nodded and once they were out of sight, they slipped out of the road and into the woods.
Chapter 36: A Cave in the Icy Mountains
Mountains of Reasant.
The Mountains of Reasant was a circle of mountains, mountains which touched the skies. The steepness and the harsh cold made it difficult to climb the towering mountains, as well as the snowstorm that blurred their vision. The two Dragons were standing there at the very bottom, craning their neck, trying to see the peak of the mountains. Of course, the peak went beyond the clouds and into the sky above.
The journey on the way was relatively uneventful, boring even. They passed by nothing but forests. Taiga forests, tropical forests, and coniferous forests were some of the few. The terrain was also surprisingly flat. True to the sayings, the Outcast Lands was nothing but a sea of trees in a sandy ring. Strangely enough, the trees were not as green, nor the forests as alive. It was as if it was dying, and Fallonye noticed that. There were hardly any animals and insects, the forests have never been so quiet.
After passing through more boring gathering of trees, they finally reached the base of the mountains, the mound on the grass. In the whole of the Lands, only these mountains stood high and proud. Half of the height of the mountains were layered with snow and frost, the peaks hidden by clouds. The tall mountains seemed to be boasting and looking down at the puny creatures and trees below them, watching from the skies above. They towered at dizzying heights, somehow it felt that they were taunting the two Dragons.
“Looks like we need to find another way through, we cannot possibly climb. It would be too cold anyway.” Reinus muttered, seeing Fallonye’s condition.
The poison is growing. He thought.
“A cave.” Fallonye pointed to a small creek on the mountain, “Though I know not where it will lead us.”
“I suppose we do not have a choice in the matter. We will never know until we go in.” Reinus shrugged.
They did climb a little, just enough to get to the small slit-like opening on the mountain. Though Fallonye expected it to be a small crack that leads into a dead end, as they squeezed through the walls, it widened into a decent size cave. It was cold and dark, with puddles of water from the melted snow. What was unexpected was that the cave was lit, not with sun nor fire, but the luminescent glow of glow-worms and insects. The worms hung on threads which gave a gentle blue glow, while the insects gave a yellow one. None of the creatures were moving, for they were resting.
“We need no torch, this amount of light is enough.” Reinus said.
“Indeed.”
They walked on, careful to not disturb the resting insects. As they proceeded to walk further in, the cave got warmer into a more comfortable temperature. The number of insects and worms decreased, thus the light got dimmer. They were still able to see well though, thanks to their superb vision in the dark. Before long, they chanced upon a strange sign. It was old, very old, for the wood was moist and worn-out. It was planted right in the middle of the path. There was a light coming from a small crack above in the ceiling. The hole was where the sunlight was able to pass through.
The sunlight managed to dimly light up the cave, and the rays were focused on the sign. Behind the sign were strange white and purple flowers that grew on the rocks and stone. Reinus trailed a finger along the sign and read it out loud.
“To thee who had reached this place,
Rejoice for you can be healed.
The flowers of life cure all.
Poison, wounds or disease.
One saves a life, two kills a million.
Eat if you seek it now,
Perish if you seek it later.
Believe if a cure you need,
Doubt if you do not.”
“I assume that these flowers have healing properties, but the warning on the sign seem ominous.” Fallonye said.
“It may also be a lie.” Reinus said.
Fallonye for a moment, before strolling over to one and plucking it from its roots. Reinus raised a brow.
“A poisoned body, a potential cure.” She muttered to herself.
“Hold on, I understand that your body is poisoned, but what if the flower is not a cure? What if it adds fuel to the fire?” Reinus said.
“I am already at my limit, Reinus. Either I take my chance and continue this journey, or I end it here.” She said softly.
Reinus took a good look at her, and finally noticed how exhausted and haggard she looked. Fallonye was exceeding her limit fighting the poison in her body.
“…Take it then, may luck be on our side.” Reinus said.
Fallonye looked at the flower carefully, observing it and pondering whether or not to eat it. In a mere second, she bit off the flower head, leaving only the stem. Chewing the flower, an extremely bitter taste filled her mouth, and she grimaced at the awful flavour. Quickly, she stuffed in the stem as well, which tasted like nothing. In a matter of seconds, she ate the whole flower.
At first, nothing changed, and Fallonye thought that the flower was nothing. It was tempting to eat another, but two kills a million, or so the sign said. Slowly, Fallonye found herself feeling more energized. The poison that has been eating her blood seemed to be cleansed as she felt her strength restored to her. The dark eye bags were gone and colour returned to her skin. She looked at her palm and clenched it into a fist.
“It is working.” Fallonye said in awe.
“Do you feel better?” Reinus asked.
“Definitely.” She replied.
As soon as she recovered, Fallonye decided to move on, leaving behind the flowers of life.
“Do you not regret leaving this place?” Reinus asked. “These flowers could save people.”
“No, it cannot. It said ‘Perish if you seek it later.’ I assume it means as long as we bring the flower out, the cure will become poison. Besides, if these flowers of life rest in the hands of our enemies, it is our doom.” She said.
Reinus hummed in approval, and they left the sacred place, taking nothing and leaving nothing. The longer they walked, the temperature began to drop again, meaning they were near an exit. True enough, there was trails of snow and frost on the floor and walls, making it slippery. Ahead of them was light that pierced through the exit of the cave. As they exited, they were at a higher altitude than before. It was probably due to the fact that the cave sloped upwards. 
“We are already inside the ring of the mountains, shall we head down?” Reinus asked.
Fallonye nodded.
The place was surprisingly misty as the thick fog blocked their vision. As they trekked down the mountain, the fog did not clear and they could not see the bottom. Fallonye found a gravel slope and suggested to slide down from there.
“It is faster, but it may give a few scratches.” Fallonye told Reinus.
“Mere scratches cannot compare to the injuries we have obtained.” Reinus brushed off.
As Fallonye looked behind her to get a last glimpse of the cave, she gasped.
“The cave is gone.” Fallonye said.
Reinus turned around to observe, and indeed, it was not there. There were only rocks and snow, not even a single crack or hole to be seen.
“This mountain feels alive. It seems it awaited our arrival and opened a path.” Reinus muttered.
“A kind host to its guest…Providing us a path and medicine. But I wonder, would it let us leave?” Fallonye mused.
The both of them decided to move on, for it was no use to ponder further. They skidded down the slope, pushing down the tiny gravel. Eventually they slowed to a stop as the slope became flatter. Even at the bottom, the place was shrouded in thick mist, and the snow made it cold and dense. Reinus and Fallonye had no choice but to walk in a straight path, hoping that it would lead them somewhere.
The ground they walked on was rocky and hard, with barely little plants or grass. The humidity was high and the temperature was low. Up ahead, Fallonye spotted a strange structure that was covered by dense fog.
“There is a large rock there, it seems unnatural.” Fallonye pointed out.
As they came closer for inspection, the structure was indeed made out of stone, with strange patterns carved on it.  The vines wrapped around the stone, tangling it in a web of green. 
“It looks like a ruin of some kind. A worn-down building.” Reinus said, touching the walls of the old grey stone, which was worn and beaten under the snow and rain.
They explored further, passing by more ruined buildings and structures. There were also planks of dark wood that were rotting on the ground. Traces of scrap metal that used to be some sort of cutlery or weapon were splattered on the floor. Reinus and Fallonye could make out remains of roofs and beams, as well as knives that were rusted and chipped.
“Homes, by the looks of it. Do you think this was the village of Yerth?” Reinus said.
“It should be the ruins…yet it did not seem that the Phoenixes died out naturally.” Fallonye said.
“Knives on the ground and place is a mess. Either time has done its deed or you are right. I agree with you as there was no reason for the Phoenixes to die out.” Reinus said thoughtfully.
As Fallonye stooped down, she saw a piece of wood blanketed under vines and leaves. She removed the vines and picked it up to observe it. The wood puzzled her, for it seemed that it was scorched and burnt.
“The wood is burnt, perhaps they were attacked. The question is, by who? No army could go over the mountain or squeeze through a cave.” Fallonye said.
Reinus had a dark look, “I have one idea in mind…”
All of a sudden, the temperature plummeted drastically. It got cold, very cold. They knew not if it was the cold temperature or something else, but Fallonye and Reinus were suddenly paralyzed. They stood stiffly as they could not move a muscle. The chill went deep into their bones as they stoned at their spot. The fog lifted slightly, and they could see a farther distance. 
Strangely enough, they could see people, and there was no one supposed to be here. There the people stood, mere silhouettes standing among the ruined buildings and stone. Though their faces could not be seen, Reinus and Fallonye knew that they were looking right at the both of them. Piercing gazes brought more chills up their spine, and their backs felt heavy under some unknown force.
Slowly, the people came closer, leaving behind the ruined buildings. The silhouettes grew larger and clearer as they inched forward with constant slowness, as if they were approaching without fear nor emotion. There were no sounds, no footsteps nor breathing were heard. Their figures became clear as they came to closer proximity. The people stopped a few meters away from the two frozen Dragons, surrounding them in a circle. 
Fallonye observed them cautiously and carefully. There were men and women, old and young adults. Small children hid half their body behind adults, and mothers were holding babies. They were no soldiers, nor wizards, but simple villagers. All of the people stared at the two with blank faces, even the children who always smiled were void of all emotion. What terrified Fallonye the most was the face that they were slightly translucent. She had hoped it was just her imagination.
“Who are you people?” Fallonye questioned.
They did not reply, and continued to stare blankly at them. Nothing but silence, for seconds, then minutes, until a voice broke it.
“Who do you think we are?” A soft, gentle voice asked from behind her.
Fallonye mustered her strength to turn around as she felt her body become loose. She saw a tall lean man, about the age of thirty looking at her with amber eyes. His long, wild, scarlet hair ran down to his waist. The man wore a red and white robe and a small golden band was on his head, with a large red feather on it. The man stood taller than the rest, staring at the two. He seemed to be the head of the Village. All of a sudden, scarlet-red feathered wings grew out on his back.
However, the sight of the village disappeared, Reinus and Fallonye were in darkness, together with the spirits.
“Phoenix.” Fallonye said. “I thought they were dead?”
“Indeed they are.” The man said coldly.
“What do you spirits want with us?” Reinus snarled defensively.
“Oh?” The man raised a brow, “Is it not you who want something with us?” 
“A clue to snatch the throne.” Reinus said.
There was a sudden feeling of hatred being pointed towards the two Dragons, yet all the people’s faces remained blank.
“How daring of you to walk in here and ask for our guidance to give you the throne. Do you not know what happened to us in the past? Or are you just mocking us further? Perhaps it is to be expected however, for you two are pitiful creatures who know nothing about the past.” The Phoenix said.
“We know our past, Dragons lost the throne two hundred years ago, and we seek to gain in back.” Reinus said.
“Not all history is written in books, not everything is shared by word. You do not know.” 
Chapter 37: Written in Sand
“You say that we do not know?” Reinus said angrily, “Yes! We know nothing! We were just in this world for one sole purpose, nothing but puppets! Your anger is directed at us because of whatever their ancestors did, but mock us for not knowing a thing. Tell us! Tell us what angered you so!”
The people drew back slightly, shocked at Reinus’ outburst. The Village head was surprised as well, yet recomposed himself.
“Pitiful Dragons, left in the dark to find a pin.” The Phoenix muttered. “It seems you know nothing about what your ancestors have done. Then again, what they did to us is only one out of the many horrendous sins they committed.”
“I have rarely heard of the Phoenixes.” Fallonye started, preventing Reinus to get riled up again.
“Indeed, we were erased off the books and tales when the Dragons were in rule. We are Birds of Fire.”
“Tell us, as Reinus had said. What has happened here in this Village?” Fallonye asked carefully.
“Dragons who indeed are clueless.” He clucked his tongue. “As you know, the Dragons were named Masters of Fire and Air, creatures regarded as godly and powerful. They were proud of their strength, undefeated in every battle.”
“We know that, that story was fed to us every day.” Reinus said impatiently.
Ignoring Reinus, he continued, “Rumours begun to spread. Birds of flight and fire lie deep in the mountains. Legendary Phoenixes that determine the world’s fate, and the place within the mountains was holy ground. No one dared to come here, for they were afraid. The Dragons were afraid that people were to turn to the Phoenixes, and that the Dragons would be overthrown. They flew over the mountains and to the village, obliterating us all.”
The hatred grew in the spirits of the people, tightening the tension between the Phoenixes and the two Dragons.
“Tell me, Dragons, what did we do to incite your anger? What did we do to deserve this? All we wanted was to live peacefully in this village, away from the fighting and suffering.” His expression was pained and full of hatred. “And though the two of you are not your ancestors, how could I help someone with their blood? Be gone Dragons! You have no help here. Never come back and let us rest quietly.”
“We may be selfish, but we need to win this war that is brewing. Our ancestors have wronged you, and they have brought this land to ruin. Although we are their kin, I promise to not follow their ways, and change this land for the better.” Reinus said solemnly, staring into the man’s eyes.
The village head narrowed his eyes sceptically, “And why shall I trust that you would do as said? You inherited their blood and thus their traits. You are bound to be drowned in greed.”
“Please, we need your guidance.” Fallonye pleaded.
“History tends to repeat itself, how do I know that the two of you are no different?” The man sneered.
Fallonye did not speak again, but instead silently put down her backpack and weapons. She was unarmed. What she did next shocked them all. Fallonye kneeled down and placed both hands on the ground, and her forehead touching the ground. The village head stepped back in disbelief. A Dragon would not bow their head, let alone kneel in such a position.
“This, is my sign to tell you.” Fallonye began, “That I may be no saint, nor a person who have not sinned. This is my proof to show you my dirt I have collected for the battle of crowns. I am just like any other person who wants the throne, selfish and cold. Yet I bow before you, to gain your trust.”
She breathed and continued, “I am not my ancestors, and I never will be.”
Fallonye said this all this while without looking up, for her head continued to graze the ground. This act of kneeling was unheard of even by commoners towards a King. Only a slave would assume this position. Reinus looked at her in awe, and in upmost respect, for it was no simple task to bring down one’s head so lowly. Seeing what she had done, Reinus too kneeled in the same position and grazed his forehead against the ground.
A sight to behold indeed, one that has stunned the people. Two prideful Dragons has lowered their heads on the ground in front of the Phoenixes. The village head was unable to believe his eyes and ears. As he stared intently at Fallonye, she looked up and met his eyes with unwavering determination.
“You bind me in chains, young Dragon…How…could I refuse someone who lowers their head?” The man said painfully.
“On behalf of the Dragons, Reinus and I shall give you this apology. For all the sins and wrongdoings they have done to you, I shall shame myself for it.” Fallonye said.
“No…You have nothing to apologise for, for they had done the deed and not you. For ranting out my anger on the both of you, I take back my words.” He said. “You have proven yourselves different from your ancestors, but the fact that the Dragons shall rule once more scares me, though I am already dead. Let me ask you, young Dragon, will you save this land?”
“I will.”
Unnamed forest, near the border of the Outcast Lands.
Norith and Leil sat on the horse as it trotted along the forest floor. There was little trees and bushes compared to the other forests, making it easier to navigate across. Ever since the day Leil used her powers, she has been training hard with Norith. Her skills with the knife improved and she started to spar with Norith. Of course, he had to go easy on her for she was still a new learner. By now, she was already able to perform simple dodges and attacks.
“We near the border. We shall wait right outside the desert for them, do not ever step into the sand.” Norith warned Leil.
They continued trekking across the forest, and the soil caught Norith’s eye. He leapt off his horse and observed the large footprints imbedded deeply in the damp soil. The footprints were from monsters or beasts to any, yet Norith recognised it. He would not have missed it, for he had the very same print. These were the mark of Werewolves. It was not only a few footprints, but a stampede that all came from the direction of the desert.
“Impossible.” Norith muttered breathlessly as he trailed his hand on the imprints. What exactly were the Werewolves doing outside of the Outcast Lands? The footprints were still fresh, meaning that they were just here a while ago. Norith did not to waste such an opportunity to meet his fellow brothers and sisters again, yet he was worried that they would face him with hostility. Especially with Leil following, it was a huge risk. Yet he had to go, he needed to see them, and most importantly to see if she is still alive.
Norith got up and turned to Leil.
“I am a foolish person, Leil. Forgive me, for I need to go to a dangerous place. Of course you can stop me, and we can continue our way again. May I go to that place, although your life may be at risk?” Norith whispered.
Leil thought for a moment, instead of replying, she smiled reassuringly at Norith. He took that as an act of consent.
“Sorry, Leil.” Norith said.
She smiled again.
Norith pulled the reins of Teggier and motioned the horse to turn. He mounted the horse and they rode full speed, following the tracks, and whatever awaits them. Judging by the sheer number of footprints, Norith had guessed that there was about at least forty of them. His stomach flipped in his chest, it has been too long since he last saw one of his kind. Deep in his heart he hoped it was the group he was looking for.
As they galloped further, he could sniff out the distinct scent of the Werewolves. He pulled the reins, slowing down their pace as the scent grew stronger. The path they travelled on started to have more vegetation as most of the soil was carpeted with grass, yet the faint and fresh prints could still be seen. After a while more however, the tracks disappeared, but the odour was clearly strong.
It seems they noticed me. North thought as he looked around at the trees and bushes. They were hiding, but they were definitely still here watching. Norith was tense as his hair stood on his skin, there were many pairs of weary eyes carefully observing him, watching his every move. He was aware that any sudden movement would cause them to react. Norith pulled his horse to a halt and slowly snaked an arm around Leil.
As if waiting for something to happen, he stoned there, protectively holding Leil firmly behind him. A twig snapped and leaves crumpled. Immediately he leapt of his horse, bringing Leil with him to the ground as a large beast pounced from the trees and attacked the place where they once were. The continued to roll across the grass to brace the impact of their fall. As the beast’s fangs met nothing but air, it landed on the grass and turned towards them, its red eyes piercing Norith. The muscular beast stood on both legs. Its body covered in black fur and paws decorated with sharp claws. The wolf-like head bared its sharp fangs at its bushy tail stiffened threateningly. The beast growled softly but menacingly.
Both Norith and Leil remained flat on the ground.
“Shorty, stay down and crawl to the tall grass. Get hold of your knife just in case.” Norith whispered to her.
Leil nodded and scampered to hide under the tall grass, but she was not too far from Norith in case anything were to happen. Another beast leapt out and Norith rolled out of the way, barely avoiding that pounce. He got up hastily.
“Cease your attacks! I mean no harm, I am one of you.” Norith coaxed.
The growls from the two beasts and from the surrounding trees showed that they did not believe him. Norith soon remembered why. Earlier this day he dissolved Kontuem seed powder in water and drank it. The mixture from Fallonye was to hide his smell. It was no wonder why they were so hostile towards Norith.
The beasts were about to attack again when Norith growled loudly, shaking up the whole forest. He morphed into his beastly form and gave a warning growl at the other beasts, his piercing yellow eyes daring them to step forward. His beastly form stood much taller than the others, and his posture emitted a wave of dominance. The other beasts hesitated and gauged him carefully. The circled him wearily, expecting Norith to pounce at them anytime.
Not to their expectations, the frightening beast, instead of attacking them, sat down calmly. He reverted back to his human form and he sat crossed-legged, staring at the beasts. Leil crawled towards him and hid behind his back.
“As I said, I mean no harm. Tell all of your group to come out, and shift back.” Norith said.
From the trees, the heads of other Werewolves peeped out cautiously, carefully observing Norith’s actions. Slowly, they stepped out of the trees and stood there stiffly, waiting for the two beasts to give orders. The two beasts that attacked Norith were having their own individual conflicts occurring in their mind as they weighed his words. Reluctantly, the first beast shifted back to reveal his human form, and so did the second.
The man looked around sixty summers, yet Norith knew he was much older considering a Werewolf’s long lifespan. The other was a short-haired teenage girl. The older man stared down at Norith with a tense expression evident on his face while the girl was glaring at him. Before the man could open his mouth to speak, the girl stood in front of Norith and crossed her arms.
“Who are you, lone wolf? What do you want with us?” She spat crossly, not trusting Norith yet.
Despite her raising of voice and fierce tone, Norith continued to stare at her silently, unaffected by what she has said. He stared deep into her brown eyes which so much resembled his. Norith got up and put his arms around her, startling her.
“Alice.” He whispered painfully.
Chapter 38: A Chance in A Million
Norith squeezed the girl in a tight embrace. At first she did naught for she was shocked. When realization hit her, she started to struggle out of his hold. Norith just held on tighter.
“What are you-” She began outrageously, but was cut off.
“Alice, do you remember me?” Norith released her from his embrace but continued to grab her shoulders. He lowered his face to level hers. The girl continued trashing about. The older man attempted to grab onto Norith, but Norith spoke first.
“Look at me.” Norith said firmly, “Alice.” 
The girl stopped struggling for a moment and stared at Norith’s face, trying to comprehend what was happening. She only meant to stare for a moment, yet as soon as she looked into his eyes, she would not break her stare. The girl inspected his face closely as her memory clicked in her head. Unconsciously, tears started to stream down her face. The girl covered her mouth with her hands, stifling her sobs.
“Alice, what is wrong?” The older man asked worriedly.
Alice did not reply him, but instead stuttered, “Are-are you…? No…it cannot be…”
“Who am I, Alice?” Norith asked her.
Norith let go of her shoulders and she dropped to her knees. Alice tried her best to stifle her sobs, but painful and sad gasps escaped her mouth. Her tears poured uncontrollably, yet her eyes could not part from Norith’s. Her face which was once fierce crumpled to an expression of upmost pain.
“Bro-brother…?” She whispered, “Is it you? But I thought-”
“I had a sister. She loved apples, but always wanted to remove the skin. She had a doll named Belle which she would always bring around with her. She also wanted to be a healer when she grew up, so no one would ever die again.” Norith mumbled. “Her name was Alice. I believe she is right in front of me.”
Alice wailed uncontrollably at hearing his words, remembering what fragments of memory she had left. She wrapped her arm tightly around Norith, unwilling to let go. Norith gently held the back of her head. The other Werewolves just watched in silence, not knowing what to do.
“I-I thought you died.” She hiccupped.
“You have grown so much, you used to be so tiny. It has been twelve years after all. You have become a wonderful woman, although a bit too fierce.” Norith joked kindly.
Ruins of Yerth, Outcast Lands.
The heavy atmosphere had lightened, and Reinus and Fallonye found it easier to breathe. The Phoenixes have accepted their apology. The spirits of the villagers disappeared, only the village head remained.
“Although we have perished by your blood, I will trust what you say. The Phoenixes shall aid you in your journey. I shall tell you however, there is not much we can do.” The man said.
“Then what is it that you can do?” Reinus asked.
“When the Dragons attacked us, there was one who terrified us the most, or it was what he held. A sword of fire, water, ice and earth. It was a frightening weapon, one that would bring destruction when fallen into the wrong hands. The sword could breathe fire, weave water, summon ice and raise mountains.” The man said.
“I have never heard of a sword like that.” Reinus said.
“It was an evil sword that was not spoken of.” The man explained, “After the Dragon’s fall, the sword was never seen again. I expect they had hidden it before they all died out.”
“But where?” Reinus asked.
“The opposition tried to find it, they searched every possible place. It could not be found.” 
“Even at the Mountain of End? That was where the Dragons lived.” Fallonye asked?
“They did search there, but I feel that they had not searched enough.” He nodded, “I suspect that it is still there. But now the mountain had become a lagoon, a lagoon as large as a sea itself. No sailor had dared to navigate it, for it was a place where ships were lost and where people do not return.” The man said.
“It is a good place to hide the weapon indeed. Yet a question burns in my mind. If you were killed at the time of the Dragon’s reign, how do you know everything that happened afterwards?” Fallonye asked.
“It is because I was not dead. I was the lucky one that survived. For more than a century I travelled. I watched how the world was shaped, how the Dragons fell, and how the mountain became a lagoon. Of course I cannot escape the course of ageing. I returned here and had eternal sleep.” The man said.
“I see.” She said.
“That is all I can give you. Now…let us rest quietly here…” The man said, his voice grew soft, as if it was evaporating.
“Thank you, for believing in us.” Fallonye said.
The man’s spirit faded away, until all traces disappeared. The two of them were left alone in darkness. The darkness too shrivelled away, until the two Dragons were back in the ruins where they once stood. The difference was that the mist was cleared and there was no heavy pressure weighed on them. Fallonye and Reinus looked around, but not a single sign of the spirits were left. The place was nothing but stone and grass.
“They have gone.” Reinus said.
“And they will not return.” Fallonye finished.
What she said was true, they no longer needed to stay bounded to these ruins, and they had no reason to answer any call. Even if Fallonye needed them again to answer questions, they would never answer them. Their time in the world was finished, the dead are supposed to be silent anyway.
“There is nothing left here, shall we go?” Fallonye asked Reinus.
Reinus did not answer her question, “When you dirtied your head on the floor, did you mean that apology?”
“Of course, I am not proud of what our ancestors did. These people…were innocent, and I see no reason not to apologise.” Fallonye replied.
“You…are one of the most respectable persons I have ever met.” Reinus said. “When you kneeled, I didn’t see you as a beggar…Instead, it seemed to me that you did the most honourable thing.” 
Fallonye smiled, “I hold equal respect, for you had done the same. You are very different from when I first met you.”
Reinus gave a slight blush and looked away.
“Let us go then.” He said hurriedly. “Since we are leaving these lands, and that you are healed, I suppose we can fly now? Only the weak may enter, but only the strong may leave.”  
“I see no problem.” Fallonye said. “Let us return back to Tothem.”
Fallonye and Reinus spread their wings and took off into the air. Following their map, they flew towards the direction where Tothem lies. As Fallonye looked behind, the ruins became smaller, until the village disappeared from sight. Now they flew up into the clouds and over the icy mountains, bidding the village farewell.
A soft whisper sounded in Fallonye’s head, as though the Phoenixes gave them their last words.
“A burnt forest shall grow back, and so shall we rise from the ashes once more. The Phoenix shall burst in flames once again, for we are born from will, not blood.”
Unnamed forest, near the border of the Outcast Lands.
It has been a few hours since Norith found the Werewolves, and now the afternoon had turn into evening. After Alice settled down, the siblings talked for a long, long time. They shared their memories, then they shared their journeys. Meanwhile the tribe of Werewolves set up their camp, and Leil just sat and watch quietly.
“Are you feeling all right, little one?” The man from earlier asked Leil.
Leil nodded shyly, unsure of what to do. The man was the leader of the tribe, he introduced himself as Mattan. Mattan sat beside Leil to accompany her.
“Did something happen to your eye?” He asked her, observing the cloth covering her eye.
Leil looked at the ground and nodded slowly, fumbling her fingers restlessly. With nothing much to say, she proceeded to watch a group of boys playing with a ball around the campfire. There was a taller boy in the middle that played exceedingly well, juggling and dribbling the ball with great skill. Leil had her eyes trained on the boy which was about her age. He had yellow eyes and long brown hair that was tied up.
“That’s Kaleth, one of the strongest boys in our tribe.” He said, “He still has much to learn though before he becomes a true warrior.”
Hearing no reply, Mattan chuckled and got up.
“I have to help prepare dinner, the whole group is starved after all.” He said.
A pot was placed on the fire, boiling up a thick volc’s stew. The people tossed in some salt and herbs as well as the fat from animals. Then they added the meat and mountain vegetables. They set it to a boil and waited. As soon as the stew had finished cooking, the group started to gather round the fire. The group of boys stopped playing and joined the people to eat. Mattan filled the bowls with the stew and they passed the bowls around.
Before they ate, Leil observed them bowing their head and closing their eyes in silence. They hummed and chanted a language that Leil did not understand. Perhaps it was a prayer, but she did not know to who. It could be to the Dragons, or it could be to their own God they believed in. After they have finished, the silence was broken as they started to chat noisily and laughed merrily. Some danced while some sang old songs that Leil too know. It was the first time she saw people dancing by the flames and singing to the wind. Everything was new to her.
After she finished her bowl, Leil got up and looked around for Norith, but to no avail. She was about to sit down again but she remembered the feeling of her knife strapped to her thigh. Perhaps it would not hurt to get some practice. Leil walked to a certain place, a smaller clearing beside a pond that is away from the group. The noise from the chattering and laughing was muffled and she could focus on her training. However, before she could take out her knife, a voice called out.
“Who is there?” 
Leil looked around her, before she finally spotted the boy from earlier, Kaleth, sitting against a rock. He was not looking at her though, but was busy playing with bits of stone. He tossed the stones into the pond. Leil was unsure of how to reply, but Kaleth beat it to her anyway.
“You are the stranger girl, aren’t you? The one together with the man.” He stated. “I cannot mistake the smell after all.”
Leil walked closer to the boy. She nodded at his question.
“Say something.” He said.
“Um…” Leil trailed awkwardly. She sat in front of him and looked into his eyes which surprisingly were not focused on her.
To her surprise, the boy suddenly reached out his hands and started touching her face and hair. Leil flinched slightly in shock and confusion.
“Hm…You’re about my age I think, quite pretty too.” He said casually.
“Um…why are you..?” Leil asked uncertainly.
“Oh so you do talk after all.” The boy grinned, “Didn’t leader Mattan tell you? I’m blind.”
“…I’m sorry.” Leil said softly.
Kaleth laughed, “What’s there to be sorry about? I still can see – in a way. My ears and nose become my sight. Maybe it is a blessing, for sight can fool you.”
He trailed his hand across her face, and felt the cloth that covered her left eye.
“Something happened to your eye?” Kaleth asked.
“Y-yes.” She said.
“At least the other one works well.” He grinned. “You don’t talk much. But since I can’t see you, you have to speak. Got it? What’s your name?”
“Leil.” She replied.
“Nice to meet you Leil, I am Kaleth.”
“Um…why do you say that you can see?” Leil asked.
“Well…I don’t exactly see. But my hearing and smell tell me where everything is, and what they are. Like the snake in the burrow behind me, the ants on the tree…and that knife you have under your clothes.” He grinned, “Now why does a girl have a knife with her?”
Leil panicked and did not know how to explain herself.
“Relax.” He laughed, “I was kidding, there’s nothing wrong with that. It’s amazing actually.”
A voice interrupted them from a distance.
“Kaleth, there you are! Come now, Alice and the brother have returned.” A person from the tribe said.
“Alright!” He shouted back, he turned to Leil and said in a softer voice, “Come on. Let’s go.” He said.
Chapter 39: A Story To Be A Tale
Norith and Alice had returned from their long walk, which consisted of reminiscing with each other. When they had returned, the group had already ate their dinner. The group was now talking around the campfire. The younger ones went off to play their own games and the women tended to their children. Mattan walked towards Norith and Alice, holding two bowls of stew in his hands.
“Eat up, it has been a long day.” He invited them around the fire.
Norith put a hand up, politely refusing, “As famished as I am, I would like to discuss some important things with you. Alice, why don’t you eat first?”
Alice grunted and accepted the bowl of stew from Mattan, she then went to sit by the fire.
“Come, we have much to discuss indeed.” Mattan invited Norith to sit with him at a quieter area.
As they settled down, Norith began.
“Are there any other Werewolf groups like yours in the Outcast Lands?” Norith asked.
“In the Southern and Eastern parts there are a total of five tribes, around this size as well. I am well acquainted with them.” Mattan said. “We are known as the Northern tribe.”
“Why did you venture out of the Outcast Lands? Where do you plan to go?” Norith questioned.
“The land there…it is dying.” Mattan sighed.
“What? What do you mean?” 
“Rain has not fallen for many months now, and I highly doubt it will. The land within Gold Crown shall become a sea of desert.” Mattan explained. “We know not where to go, this forest would make a good home. I just hope that no one would find us here.”
“What of the other tribes?” He asked.
“I have not heard from them recently, but I believe they would also start to move out soon.” 
“Perhaps you would like refuge from the Kingdom of Tothem? I know the King, I am sure he would grant you stay.” Norith suggested.
“A good proposal, yet I rather not go back to any Kingdom. I need to look out for the safety of my tribe. I fear discrimination from the people of the Kingdom.” Mattan sighed.
“I understand.” Norith said.
“Who is that girl travelling with you? If you do not mind me asking.” Mattan asked.
“Actually…she is not the only person I am travelling with.” Norith said hesitantly.
“Oh? Then who else?”
“This may be outrageous to you…but I am travelling with two Dragons.” Norith whispered.
“What?!” Mattan exclaimed.
“Hush! I know the Werewolves fought the Dragons before, but this time it is different. I trust these two, and I believe they would make great rulers.” Norith explained.
“Are you saying they plan to rule this land once more? How could I agree to that? If they rule the rein or terror shall begin again!” Mattan shook his head.
“Please heed my words. I promise that they are different, just wait and see them. Please lend us your aid.” Norith said.
“The Werewolves cannot be divided, as long as we agree to aid them, the other tribes shall, too. I would have to risk the entire Werewolf population…” Mattan said thoughtfully, “I do not know if I can do that. What if I refuse?” 
“Nothing, but I will continue to support them. And if even you block their path, I have no choice but to fight you.” Norith sighed.
“You trust them more than you trust your own blood?” Mattan asked.
“Yes.”
Mattan closed his eyes, “Then I shall heed your words. However, I must see them myself.”
“They should be returning in a few days…hopefully. The two would need to pass by this forest, by flight or by foot.” Norith said.
“So we should wait here?” Mattan clarified.
“If it does not pose danger.” 
“Does Alice-?” 
“She knows.” Norith replied, “I told her a while ago.”
“Very well then. Do you mind to share your story with the tribe? They too need to know.” Mattan asked.
“Not at all.”
Norith and Mattan went to the campfire where the whole tribe was sat. The people had quietened down and gathered together, even the young children. As Leil and Kaleth entered the clearing, Leil spotted Norith and ran up to him. Norith patted her head and greeted her. He saw Kaleth slowly walking towards them.
“Looks like you made a friend.” Norith said to Leil, he then turned to the boy, “Hey boy, what is your name?”
“Kaleth.” He grinned.
“Nice to meet you, Kaleth. Leil, could you go sit with the tribe? I will tell them our story.” Norith said.
Leil nodded.
“Leil, come sit with me. I’ll introduce you to my friends!” Kaleth pulled her along.
Norith then told his story in front of the entire tribe. He talked about incidents that occurred ever since he lost Alice. He told them about the Dragons, Fallonye and Reinus, and told them about their purpose. Then he talked about how they left Garador, and how they met Zor, Leil and King Dures. It was a long talk, there were a few gasps and whispers amongst the crowd, but besides that they remained silent. When Norith had finished, the crowd seemed unsure. Mattan stepped in and convinced them, eventually they all agreed.
The crowd then dispersed and everyone resumed doing their own thing. Leil started to meet up with Kaleth’s friends. Norith watched them play together. After a while, Alice went up to Norith.
“Now what?” She asked.
“Now, we wait.”
Fallonye and Reinus flew for about an hour, keeping a high altitude, but stayed below the clouds. Finally they had gotten past the icy Mountains of Reasant. Below them were no longer grey rocks and white snow. Yet the view below was something not to be joyous about. Under them stood forests, plains and hills, all of which had been dried up. There was no green, but only patches of brown and grey.
“What happened here?” Fallonye asked in disbelief.
“The whole place is drying up, and I doubt it was caused by the Dragons two centuries ago.” Reinus said.
“So the simple reason is that there is no rain that falls…” Fallonye trailed.
“Indeed…if this continues, the land will become part of Gold Crown, and the Outcast Lands shall be named a desert.” Reinus said.
“Why is there no rain?” Fallonye looked up into the clouds, yet she could find no answer for the clouds were normal.
“No one knows. Wait, what of the Werewolves that the dog was talking about?” Reinus brought up the question.
“I, too, know nothing, we need to hurry and inform Norith.” Fallonye said.
They continued to soar across the Outcast Lands, passing nothing but withered land. Minutes turned into hours, and soon it was already turning dawn of the next day. The two of them did not sleep that whole night, as their minds were focused on returning to Tothem. Eventually, they looked below and they were already passing through Gold Crown. Soon enough, they also left the desert. Fallonye and Reinus finally exited the Outcast Lands. By that time it was already dark again, and the two Dragons were weary from their flight.
As they passed by a forest, which was lush green, Fallonye spotted a campfire below. There was a lot of noise that Fallonye and Reinus could hear from the campfire below them. What confused them was the fact that there was a large group of people right outside the borders of the Outcast Lands. 
“Shall we check it out?”  Fallonye asked.
“Sure.” He replied
They swooped down to a place that is near the fire, being cautious to prevent being seen. Earlier in the day, they had drank the mixture of Kontuem seed powder, and thus their smell could not be detected. Slowly, they brushed through the plants and trees, making their way to the fire. As they inched closer the chattering and laughing grew louder, covering the noise of their footsteps. However, as they took another step forward, someone shouted.
“Hey! I hear something from over there!” A boy’s voice echoed.
Immediately, the chattering and noise all ceased, and there was nothing but dead silence. Fallonye and Reinus quickly turned around and prepared to bolt, but before they did so, huge and numerous beasts surrounded them. Fallonye recognised the form of these beasts, they were no other than Werewolves. Reinus growled at the beasts.
“Reinus, wait.” Fallonye whispered.
“Werewolves, we mean no harm.” Fallonye said calmly.
They growled back and prepared to pounce, but stopped as a voice commanded them.
“Stop! They are the ones we have been waiting for.” Someone shouted from behind.
Fallonye looked behind to see Norith emerging from the leaves. She smiled seeing her friend again after all that had happened. Norith ran to her and hugged her.
“You are in so much trouble.” He said whispered.
“It is great to see you again.” Fallonye said.
Norith released Fallonye and turned to the Werewolves. He told them to go back to the campfire. As they gathered, Fallonye spotted Leil who ran up to Fallonye and Reinus. Leil hugged Fallonye and looked up at her.
“How are you? Sorry for leaving you just like that.” Fallonye said.
Leil smiled.
“Fallonye, Reinus.” Norith began, “These are the Werewolves I have been looking for…I found my sister.”
Fallonye’s eyes widened, “That is great!”
“Indeed.” Norith smiled.
A beast morphed back to human form and a girl walked up to Fallonye. She put her hand out, asking for a hand shake.
“I am Alice, Norith’s sister.” She said.
Fallonye shook her hand, “I am Fallonye, nice to meet you.”
Fallonye turned around to the other beasts
“I am Fallonye, and this is Reinus. We are Dragons.” She said.
All of them shifted back by now, and the leader, Mattan, walked forward.
“We know.” He said.
“Our ancestors have done much wrong, and I apologise.” Fallonye said solemnly.
“…We know not yet if we can trust you, but I suppose since Norith does, we could give you a chance. We shall wait and see.” Mattan said, “Besides, the one who chased us to the Outcast Lands were the humans, not the Dragons.”
They continued to talk, and Fallonye learned about the Werewolves, the dying lands and about Alice. They met the boy, Kaleth, he was the one who shouted earlier. Leil had introduced him – or more of he introduced himself. After Norith shared his story, it was time for Fallonye to tell hers. Her story began from the journey to Garador and her involvement in the war. Then she spoke of how Reinus saved her and how they escaped. She proceeded to tell about the Phoenixes and the clues they have obtained. Norith just sat, listened and nodded. He did not question why she had not told him, nor did he question why she had not brought him. Instead he listened quietly and took in every word. Because he had trusted her and already forgave her.
“Norith, we have gained important information.” Fallonye said.
“Wait, before that, what of Princess Niera and Prince Leyn?” Norith asked.
“They did not make it.” Fallonye shook her head.
“I see.” Norith sighed, “And what is that important information?”
“There is a sword wielding the powers of the elements, it lies deep in the Mountain of End.” Fallonye said. “Before we proceed to Linthas, could we go and find that sword?”
“I see, that would give us a good advantage.” Norith said. “That is a long way to go…”
“Indeed, we have only begun.” Fallonye said.
“To the perilous Mountain we shall go!” The three echoed.
-To Be Continued-
###
Thank you very much for reading my first book! This book is the first part out of three in the series. Please wait patiently for the second and third book to be published as they are still works in progress. If you have enjoyed it, please give me some support and leave me a review at your favourite retailer!
Thanks!
Daniella Bianca
About the author
Daniella Bianca has been writing since 2015. Daniella enjoyed writing since a young age and decided to take it up as a hobby. Many of Daniella Bianca’s inspiration come from dragons, fantasy stories and films. Daniella Bianca lives in Singapore. When she is not writing, she would either be studying in school, watching shows or fishing.
Connect with me:
Favourite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/BluesFlamez
