

Dragon Clutch

Written by
Delaney Walnofer




The Dragon Slave Trilogy


Book One . . . Dragon Slave

Book Two . . . Dragon Clutch

Book Three . . . Dragon Fool




Cover illustrated by Delaney Walnofer

Copyright © 2015 by Delaney Walnofer
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13: 978-1311626776

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoy this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their preferred authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


For the Ghost of
King Tazpin


Prologue


“Xander found a wyvern that was all white with pretty, red eyes!” little Damara chatted ecstatically. “Have you ever seen a wyvern with red eyes?”
An old fat woman, distracted as she looked around, continued stirring a large pot of stew and replied, “Keep sorting those beans, Damara, dear. We need to get this food out to the court as soon as we can.”
Damara looked down at the bowl in front of her and plunged one of her tiny hands into it, giggling at the sensation of beans shifting around inside.
“She flew around and repeated everything I said!” she piped up again, still thinking of the wyvern. “I asked her what her name was, but then she asked me that so I told her mine and you know what she said? Hey,” Damara called for the cook’s attention, “you know what she said?”
“Hmm?” The cook tasted the steaming stew. Immediately, she dropped the spoon, rapidly sucking in air to cool her tongue.
“She said that her name was Damara, too!” The child giggled, oblivious of the woman’s pain. “Isn’t that funny? Isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” one of the kitchen helpers drawled sarcastically as she chopped vegetables. “It’s so funny, I’m about to drop this knife from laughing too hard.”
“Does she really believe all this?” an older girl asked from beside the ovens, concerned. “She thinks she was raised by dragons?”
“I was!” Damara said, a childish smile spreading across her face.
“Don’t encourage her, Lilly.” The first girl’s knife made a thok-ing sound as she chopped through a carrot more forcefully than necessary. “You’re new here, but soon you’ll get sick of Damara’s dimwitted tales just like the rest of us. And trust me, they just keep coming.”
“You don’t have to make up things, Damara,” Lilly cooed. “I’m sure there are stories from your real life that are just as interesting.”
They don’t believe me? Damara’s smile faded as realization set in. 
“I’m telling the truth!” she insisted.
“Oh, please!” the girl cutting carrots snorted. “Talking dragons that want to be your friend? They’d sooner swallow you whole.”
Damara prickled with anger. “The dragons would never hurt me!” she yelled. “I’m going to tell Jacinth what you just said! She’ll be so mad, she’ll have white-hot flames coming out of her mouth!”
“I thought you said all the dragons left,” the girl sneered. “You can’t even get your own made up stories right.”
“They’re not made up!” Damara screamed. In a flurry, she clenched a handful of beans and threw them at the girl, leaping up like a feisty kitten. 
The beans hit the girl square in the face and she gasped, watching the beans bounce off her and fall to the ground.
“That’s enough!” the old woman at the stew pot bellowed. “Damara, take your bread and leave. You’re done for the day.” She shoved a loaf of bread into the child’s hands.
Damara stared down at the hot bread. “What about the second one?” she asked unhappily.
“You should be grateful that you even get that much today.”
Damara looked up at the whale of a woman with pouty eyes. “What about her?” She pointed at the girl who stood amongst the fallen beans, looking terribly offended.
“She’s not the one throwing things,” the woman replied. “Now go.” She shooed Damara away and the child left, face crumpling as tears rolled down her soft cheeks.
Why don’t they believe me? 
The bread was still hot from the oven, nearly burning her tender hands. 
I’m going to see the dragons again, she promised herself determinedly. I’m going to find Jacinth, and River, and everyone else when I get older. 
She walked out into the courtyard, the smell of roses freshening the air. With watery eyes, she stared as a tame hunting dragon bounded up to her. It eyed the loaf of bread in her hands hopefully with mouth gaping in a silly, doglike grin. 
Monigon was what Damara’s brother, Xander, called these dragons, the ones that couldn’t talk. They were common, unlike the dragons of Damara’s childhood. 
With a raspy sound somewhere between a bark and a cough, the hunting monigon nudged her in the ribs, begging for food.
“Hey there- shoo!” A boy came out of the nearby stables and placed a hand on the reptile’s head, firmly pushing it away. The monigon resisted a moment, then locked its attentive gaze onto someone wheeling a cart of grain and trotted away.
Damara watched it go, entranced. “Did you see that, Xander?” she asked, already cheering up. “He wanted our bread!”
“I saw,” Xander answered, taking the loaf from her hands. “You know what to do if one of those attacks you, right? You stand very still- don’t run, remember?” 
Damara barely heard him, still watching the canine-like reptile. 
“Damara?”
“Yes, Brother,” she chirped at last. “But, Xander, look how funny that one is. Isn’t he funny?”
“Yeah. Here, come on.” He grabbed her hand and they walked into the stables. In the far corner was a large pile of hay. Damara pulled away to run and jump into it, sending straw flying as she did so. 
“Stop, you’ll get our food dirty,” Xander said, sitting down beside her, his stable boy clothes baggy around his waist. He asked, “Where is the other loaf? You didn’t give it to that monigon- did you, Damara?”
“No,” she sniffed, taking her half of the bread as he handed it to her.
“Then what happened?” he inquired further.
Biting down on her bread, Damara smiled as she recalled the satisfaction of seeing the girl so offended. “I threw beans at an ugly face,” she giggled with her mouth full.
“You what?!”
Damara snickered impishly and took another bite without answering.
“Damara,” Xander scolded like an adult, “don’t throw things. You could get in big trouble for that!”
“I only did it because she was being mean to me,” she whined. “She said that a dragon wouldn’t be my friend!”
“Damara!” he cried, a panicked look on his face. Glancing around, he lowered his voice. “You told them about the dragons? Damara, I told you not to! They might go after the dragons! You don’t want to put them in danger, do you?”
“No,” she pouted.
Xander fiddled with a strap on his shoulder, concern filling his youthful eyes. A soft grey horse whinnied in its stall.
She remembered dozens of dragons in the morning sky, all flying away. She could still picture where the sky met the sea, a thin line strung out in front of her. It held there, forever out of her reach, yet swallowed the dragons, leaving nothing but vast emptiness in their departure.
They left me…
“Where did the dragons go, Xander?” she asked, tugging on his shirt.
“I don’t know,” he murmured in response. 
A friar entered the stables and Xander jumped up to serve him. Close to Damara, a huge horse snorted, tossing its head. Amazed, Damara stood up and ventured over to it, cautiously laying one hand on the horse’s sandy colored coat.
Grinning, little Damara got a wooden stool and stepped onto it. But even on the tips of her toes, the horse’s back looked too far over her head. Daringly, she reached out, clenched a fistful of the horse’s mane, and labored to pull herself up.
“Damara, stop!” Xander cried out, alerted when the horse brayed. Damara protested as her brother rushed to take her away, back to the pile of hay in the corner. 
“Don’t touch any of the horses!” Xander demanded, then hurried off again as someone called for him. 
Damara sighed in boredom and let herself fall back into the straw, squinting her eyes as dust swirled around them. Some of the particles invaded her nostrils and she sneezed.
Something clung to the wood of the rafters above her.
She gasped, trying not to tumble as she leapt to her feet, standing as tall as she could in the slippery hay. She craned her neck back to see it- a little, marble white creature that stared back at her with beady red eyes.
“Xander!” she said, delighted. “Xander, look at this!”
“Mmph!” her brother grunted as he lifted up a heavy saddle. “Not now, Damara.”
Damara held eyes with the winged monigon in the rafters like it was a tasty looking apple too high for her to pick. 
“I remember you!” she whispered to it. “You’re the little wyvern Xander found in the forest. Do you remember me?”
The monigon turned the side of its head to her, eyeing her. “Do you remember me?” it mimicked her voice, just as it had when she lived with the dragons.
“Yes!” Damara shrilled and danced about in uncontainable joy. She lost her footing in the shifty hay, sliding down on her back until her foot hit a wooden post with a thud.
“Ow.” She started as the wyvern took flight over her head. “Wait!”
She chased after it as the small creature flew through the stable door and outside. Xander called to Damara as she ran past him and the horse he led, but she didn’t stop.
She kept her eyes locked on the wyvern, barely seeing where she was going. She ran into a small group of people, weaving through them without a moment’s pause. 
Damara exited the courtyard, despite her brother’s shouting. The monigon glided low on gentle drafts, tilting its head at her from above as she caught up directly below it. She gave a breathy laugh, trying to make out its kite-like shape in the glare of the sun.
It flew ahead of her again, speeding forward, but Damara was too winded to keep following. She skipped to a halt, gasping for breath with her hands on her knees, and watched as the wyvern sped away.
Then, from above came a terrible screech and a falcon twice the wyvern’s size plummeted down like a slicing arrow. In one swoop, the bird had the monigon in its talons.
Damara cried out. She saw the wyvern struggle with the falcon, fighting it until it finally let go. Freed but injured, the wyvern fell to the ground, wings ruffled by the air currents. There it landed, a few yards away from Damara. She rushed forward, but someone caught her from behind.
“Damara, don’t run off like that!” Xander was telling her, holding her back.
“Xander, she’s hurt!” Damara shrilled. “I have to help her!”
“She’s a wild animal,” Xander reasoned with her. “She can take care of herself.”
“No, no!” Damara protested, still fighting to get to the motionless monigon. “She’s my friend, Xander! She needs my help!”
“Come on,” Xander told her, unrelenting. “We need to get back before we’re missed.”
“No!” Damara screamed and cried as he pulled her back the way they came. It felt awfully familiar to her, being withheld like that. Tears streamed down her face and, just as she had watched the dragons fly beyond the horizon, she watched the crumpled wyvern disappear from sight.


Chapter 1


What rubbish is this? Damara thought, repulsed as she watched a market play. They had announced it as the story of their princess, the true Dragon Slave as they called her, who was rescued by their mighty King Chadwick.
A man wearing a bluish-grey dragon costume flapped his wings dramatically, calling out, “I am River- the most fearsome spy of all the dragons!” 
Besides Damara, the audience gathered in the town square was enraptured, cheering as a fraudulent king overpowered the pretend dragon. Tying up the winged man, he demanded, “Take me to my sister, Princess Theora!”
Defeated, the bound dragon slunk along the stage. The king drove him mercilessly with a fake spear until four new dragons arrived- more costumed men that roared and gnashed their teeth. Behind them, a youthful boy cried out to the king, grasping his dress and girlish wig fearfully.
“Save me, Brother!” he screamed. His immature voice cracked. “Kill them all!”
Fools! Damara glared at the performance. A soft, chilling breeze fluttered the short cape around her arms and teased her long dress. They have no idea what the dragons are like!
She stormed away, shoving the other children out of her way, careful not to touch the adults as she passed. When all she could hear was the voices of the crowds, she stopped, hopping up onto a stout wall. There she sat with her back leaned up against the side of a house.
If they met the dragons they wouldn’t be so arrogant, Damara seethed. She closed her eyes, scowling as she heard the audience clap and cheer yet again.
Am I the only one who knows the truth?
She breathed softly, trying to recall her most vivid memory of a dragon- the first one she met when she was still a small child. The vision came, calming her as the gentle wind blew in her face, making her light brown hair quiver and tickle her neck.
Deep red was the dragon that smiled down at her in her memories. A beautiful, reptilian face looking into her eyes with an understanding she’d never sensed from anyone else. Damara could still imagine the rain drizzling down as she recalled the dragon’s name.
Jacinth.
She thought for sure another dragon had been there as well, but she couldn’t remember who. She couldn’t even remember what the second dragon looked like.
I’ll never see them again. 
She bit her lip in discouragement. 
Will I be stuck here till the day I die? With these people?
The thought was incomprehensible. It sounded like a death sentence in itself.
“Damara, there you are.” 
A familiar female voice met her ears and she looked up. “Hello, Catherine,” she said, failing to hide the bitterness in her voice.
Catherine was, without a doubt, the prettiest young woman Damara had ever seen, with her light blonde hair and elegantly long nose. Commoners regarded the rosy birth mark on her cheek as a sign of good luck. But the thing Damara envied her for most of all was her eyes- a soft, minty green that stood out like lily pads on the water.
Of course, as sweet as she was, Catherine would insist that Damara’s eyes were a lovely blue. Yet Damara was convinced the color faded from them a little more each day.
“Did you see the play?” Catherine asked pleasantly. “I think you’d have enjoyed it. It had dragons in it- like the ones you tell me about.”
“Except not,” Damara muttered under her breath. 
She’s just like all the other people. She doesn’t understand anything about the dragons.
Guilt came over her, knowing her resentfulness was unjust. She could tell Catherine was just trying to be kind. Still, she wondered if her brother had anything to do with it. She’d seen how her friend looked at him. And how Xander looked at her. 
Damara stiffened once more.
“Oh Damara, did you cut your hair again?” Catherine asked, reaching out to touch it. “You know, it would look lovely if you let it grow out.”
“Like yours?” Damara responded out of obligation, not interest. She liked her hair short so it didn’t get as tangled. She didn’t want to deal with the hassle of brushing it out and putting it in a long braid like Catherine did.
Damara sighed. “You always find the time to make yourself pretty, Cath.”
Catherine smiled. She was gorgeous.  
It’s obvious why Xander is so fond of her, Damara thought jealously. She catches every eye.
“Oh!” Catherine’s hand flew to her hair. With slender fingers, she checked for flaws in the seemingly perfect braid. Damara narrowed her eyes, knowing well by her friend’s sudden shyness that Xander was coming towards them.
Don’t swoon with desire, she gibed silently and turned to face her brother.
Xander met them with a lively smile. “Hey,” he said. 
He really has grown into a man, she thought, noting his well-trimmed hair and clean-shaven face. It’s obvious why Catherine is so fond of him…
Catherine and Xander were the only people Damara truly cared about. But whenever she saw them catching each other’s eyes, it put her on edge. 
Will they start ignoring me once they realize they feel the same way about each other? she feared. Will I be nothing more than a ghost?
No, she refused. 
I will not be forgotten.
“Did you see the play, Xander?” Damara asked him flatly, resting her head on one knee. “Didn’t they portray the dragons perfectly?”
He neglected to answer, grinning offhandedly. She could tell he was evading her gaze as he said to Catherine, “How did you like Clem’s performance? Did you see his beard?”
Catherine tittered nervously as Xander braided imaginary facial hair from his chin all the way down to his chest.
Why does he always get like this when I mention the dragons? Damara wondered. It’s not that he denies anything- he just doesn’t respond at all.
She knew Xander didn’t want to encourage her dreams about life with the dragons. 
Why doesn’t he tell me those days are done and over with? To stop thinking about the dragons all together?
He never says anything bad about them…I suppose he still respects them.
Does he remember more than I do?
Damara looked at Catherine, who simpered at her- a sympathetic expression that made Damara feel like a little child with ridiculous fantasies.
I hate that smile.
Damara watched as raindrops began to fall from the grey clouds overhead. Xander barely seemed to notice the rain, but Catherine shielded her hair, looking up in dismay.
“Mother should be waiting for me at the house,” Catherine excused herself warily. 
Xander grinned. “Alright. See you there.”
With a shy smile, Catherine turned and walked away. Damara watched her friend go, feeling rather guilty for being so cross. 
It’s just that dim-witted play, she grumbled to herself, wet hair sticking to her face. 
Looking to Xander, she noticed him pull out his knife and a half-carved lump of wood. Damara hid a smile as she recognized its shape as an animal of some sort.
Is he making that for me? 
Trying not to sound overly curious, she asked, “What’s that?”
“Something,” he replied vaguely, turning away from her as he whittled.
He doesn’t want me to see it. Damara grinned, looking away. It’s definitely for me.
The sound of hooves battering the ground grew louder. She and Xander turned their heads to it.
What’s the rush? Damara wondered, knitting her brow with concern.
A herald’s voice struck the air with urgency. “Swaineford has been attacked! Swaineford has been attacked by dragons!”


Chapter 2


Over the next few days, the streets hummed with commoners sharing what they knew about the dragon invasion of Swaineford.
Of all the towns in Wystil, Swaineford was arguably the most important. It was a huge trading town, with the only reliable bridge across Swaine River. A big portion of Wystil stood on the other side of that river. Without access to Swaineford Bridge, communication from that upperpart of Wystil was almost completely severed from the castle.
It was reported that dragons of terrible size had attacked from above, breathing fire and destroying houses. The beasts wrecked the whole town and killed nearly everyone inside. The few survivors escaped to the Wystilian castle, to tell of what they’d witnessed.
Word had it that King Chadwick was gathering an army. A huge one. 
It was like the time he’d prepared his army to fight the mighty dragon, Zeus, in hopes of saving his sister, Princess Theora. Except this time it wasn’t just his best knights. He was calling people off the streets to fight. Able-bodied men- rich or poor, young or old.
His objective, they said, was to wipe out all the dragons.
This can’t be happening, Damara told herself, walking home with a pail of well water. Beside her, a group of boys talked amongst themselves with much excitement.
“We can’t miss the Parade of the Troops when they march around the castle,” she heard one say. “It’s happening on Saint Morehice Day, isn’t it?” 
Parade of the Troops? Damara hung inconspicuously nearby.
“Oh, we’ll be there!” another declared. “And so will half the kingdom! This is the biggest threat Wystil’s seen since Crageria. Maybe even bigger!”
“Not if the Huskhns challenge us,” someone opposed.
But to this, a boy argued, “They’re only fierce at sea.”
There was some dispute between the boys. Damara was about to walk away again when she heard one pipe up, “I hear Princess Theora doesn’t want King Chadwick to kill all those devils.” 
“She’s still trying to convince everyone that the dragons aren’t our enemies? They’ve attacked Swaineford! I tell you, that woman is insane.”
“We should hand her back over to the dragons. I’ll wager that’s what they’re after!”
“Yeah, leave it to the devils to see any value in her!”
The boys laughed uproariously. 
“Quiet, if you know what’s good for you!” an old man silenced them with a hiss. “That’s the royal family you’re mocking.”
Damara walked on, mulling over what she had just heard.
Princess Theora is on the dragons’ side?
She remembered hearing before that King Chadwick’s sister had different views about the beasts even though they had supposedly kidnapped her.
What does she know about the dragons? she wondered.
Damara recalled the time when Xander tried to convince her that they had met the Princess before. He said that she gave them both a ride on her horse.
The things he makes up! She scoffed to herself. Why would he say something as ridiculous as that, but not tell me more about the dragon colony?
Dragons couldn’t have attacked Swaineford. They aren’t evil like that. Maybe they were attacked first and they were just fighting back? Or maybe all of this is just a lie!
I didn’t even know there were still dragons here. The Colony left! Did they come back? Maybe some of them got left behind?
Her heart jumped hopefully. Maybe I can meet one again.
Her memory of Jacinth resurfaced in her mind. A friend that actually understood her.
The clouds above Damara’s head were stained yellow and grey. They hung in the sky as one, endless sheet, like a feathery pelt. Damara gazed up at them when a sudden gust of frigid wind blew the hood off her head and tugged at her cape.
More bothersome than little children, Damara thought crossly, drawing the light hood back around her face. She glared down the road as she walked, bracing herself for every freezing whisper of a breeze.
As she neared Catherine’s father’s house, where she and Xander were allowed to live, she saw that just across the street Xander and Catherine were sitting close together.
Too close. Damara thought. Her eyes flew open in disgust as she noticed they were holding hands.
She hung back a moment and waited to time her intrusion perfectly, walking up to them just as their attention began to narrow in on nothing but each other. They looked up at her, somewhat startled.
  “Hello, Cath,” Damara said. “What are you doing?”
Her pretty friend let go of Xander’s hand, looking away as she blushed to the rosy color of her birthmark.
Don’t forget that’s my brother, Damara reminded her silently. She noticed her brother’s mouth twitch. It gave her a little thrill. He’s not so happy to see me. But I have just as much reason to be in front of the house as he does.
Damara’s eyes searched the flowers tucked into Catherine’s hair. “Those are pretty,” she commented, her voice edged with mockery.
Nonetheless, Catherine thanked her quietly, softly brushing the largest one with her fingertips. Damara wondered if Xander was the one who had put them in her hair.
She sat on the ground in front of them. Maybe I can bore them with conversation until they decide they don’t like each other anymore. 
She knew it was unlikely.
“Did you do any pargeting today?” she asked her brother in an interested tone.
“I did,” he answered. Damara could hear him battling the annoyance in his own voice. “Catherine’s father is a wonderful mentor.” As he said her name, he retook Catherine’s hand in his, looking back at Damara, challenging her.
Not everything can be the way you want it, Damara could read the message his eyes were sending her and she gritted her teeth.
“Damara, can you come in here for a moment?” Catherine’s mother called from inside the house.
Now? Damara was dismayed. She’s making me leave them alone, together, now?
She sat there, pretending not to have heard.
“Cath’s mom wants you, Damara,” Xander told her firmly.
She curled her lip, seeing Catherine relax as Damara got back up on her feet to enter the house. She could feel her brother watching her as she went.
“What is it?” Damara asked the lady of the house irritably.
“Sorry, Dear,” Catherine’s mother whispered, pressed flat up against the wall. Damara was confused to see the woman in such an odd position, a giddy spark in her eye. “You just happened to walk in on them at the worst possible time.”
“What?” Damara asked, now more perplexed than annoyed.
The woman hushed her and beckoned her closer. “Look,” she whispered in excitement.
Damara saw that she was looking through a small window. She, too, peered through it, crouching below Catherine’s mother, and found that she could see both her brother and Cath across the road. 
Damara’s skin crawled as she saw Xander reach up and touch Catherine’s cheek.
“Oh, he’s the one,” Catherine’s mother murmured. They watched as the two lovers gazed into each other’s eyes. “My goodness,” the older woman purred. “They’re perfect for each other.”
Damara’s heart leapt when she saw Xander take something from his satchel. It was the wooden figurine she thought he had been whittling for her.
Catherine gasped in delight, accepting and admiring the gift.
That should be mine! Damara objected, furiously silent. I’m his sister!
She dug her fingernails into her palms, but the woman above her was exuberant.
“When’s the wedding?” Catherine’s mother joked, elbowing Damara in the ribs.
Damara’s temper flared. She jumped up, nearly toppling the woman over as she pushed herself away from the wall. Breathing through her nostrils indignantly, she clenched her fists.
“Why- what’s the matter?” Catherine’s mother lost her whisper as she grasped the window sill to keep from falling.
Damara screamed out loud, not caring who heard her.
She wanted to hit something. Her arm muscles tightened. She wanted to make her knuckles bleed.
“Hey! Hey!” Xander yelled. Suddenly, he was behind her, spinning her around to face him. “What is wrong with you?!” 
She glared up at him through heated tears.
All around, familiar faces peered at her. Catherine and her mom stood at the doorway, worried gazes replicated on both their faces. Xander held her at arms’ length, looking disgusted.
Damara shook his strong hands off her shoulders and stamped out of the house, with Catherine rushing to move out of the doorway.
Damara ran out of town, into the wintry woods.
She split her knuckles on the trunk of a white barked pine and bawled curses at her brother, Catherine, herself.
They were the two people that cared about me! Now they only have eyes for each other… 
Feeling more alone and isolated than ever, she pulled herself up into the lowest branches of the tree and kept reaching higher, climbing until the branches got so thin and weak she couldn’t dare trust them. There she clung, swaying with the skinny treetop, hot tears mixing with the sap caught in her tangled hair.
The wind was especially strong and she had to cling to the scratchy bark and prickly pine needles so as not to be blown away. She was like a bear cub, her arms wrapped tight around the flexible treetop that bowed and careened in every direction the wind took it.
I wish I never even met Catherine, Damara thought bitterly, remembering that day in the market when she eagerly helped remove a little monigon from her new friend’s braid. I should never have brought Xander to her family. Then he would never have been apprenticed by her father.
We could still be at the castle, working in the kitchen and the stables, like it used to be.
No, she thought, eyes flying open. Xander should never have taken me away. I could have lived with the dragons until the day I died.
That’s where I belong.
Her cape was torn and it flapped in the winter wind like a flag.
I’m really high up. Carefully, she peered over her shoulder to see the ground below. All around, she could see the tops of all the leafless trees. Aside from the rabid howling of wind, it was eerily quiet. She held on, watching the birds fly up out of the woody branches and past her head.
I must look out of place to them, she considered, then darkly reminded herself, I’m always out of place.
In the distance, Damara could see why her town was called Rookton. One of the Wystilian castle towers was clearly visible against the overcast sky, giving the town’s people an extra sense of security.
That’s all they’re ever concerned about, Damara scorned inside her head. Being safe.
They just go on, leading their boring lives, always fearing that something dangerous, something exciting, might come across their paths.
I can’t live like that.
Somewhere in the distance, church bells pealed. Damara marveled at the ground so far below. She wondered what falling from such great heights would be like. Even more, she wondered what flying would be like. It was amazing to imagine. She closed her eyes again, gently this time, and felt the brisk rush of air on her face.
How easy it would be to let go…and terrifying.
Reluctantly, she tucked her chin into her chest to see her feet. Picking her footing carefully, she stepped down one branch after another, listening for any crack or snap. The mighty trunk grew wider as she descended and she stuck to it, even when startled birds flew up around her.
She hadn’t realized how quickly she had climbed the lanky tree until this tedious decline all the way down. Damara always took pride in her climbing skills, but this was more impressive than anything else she’d ever scaled in her life. By the time her feet touched solid ground, her legs were shaking.
She almost smiled as she saw her blood on the tree’s light bark where she had hit it. She held her injured hand up to the mark, noting how the shapes of red matched.
Xander and Catherine are in love. Damara accepted the fact with a wave of cocky satisfaction. I will never fall in love. I don’t need anyone.
She felt the sense of solitude, letting it wash over her like a waterfall. 
This is freedom.
Pine needles rattled as though sick and tired of being blown around. Damara smirked up at the trees’ bare branches.
“You’re obviously not afraid to make yourself bleed.”
Damara jumped as a voice spoke up behind her, brazen and growly. Her lips parted and her eyes widened in pure awe to see an oak grey beast slink out from behind the trees. His neck snaked around the trunk, his head low so as not to hit the branches. 
His body followed after him, tough bat-like wings folded to his side and tail sweeping the frosty grass behind. He placed taloned feet on the ground beneath his plated belly as silently as a mountain lion, and stopped, staring at her.
“Hello, Damara,” the dragon purred, baring jagged teeth as he grinned. “Remember me?”


Chapter 3


Damara took two steps backward in terrible shock. Her clammy hands felt for her dress, and she gripped it tightly, willing herself to run. 
Her legs wouldn’t move.
The beast eyed her with a sharp look in his narrowed eyes. His reptilian mouth pressed into a smug grimace. Damara thought for sure she was going to die.
“What, you don’t remember me?” he asked, cocking his head with a mockingly hurt expression. “I suppose that’s alright. You were just a little frisk last time I saw you.”
Damara breathed rapidly and shallow, staring into his face like it was death itself. He arched back his neck with a loud, harsh laugh and she jumped. 
“Look at you!” he marveled. “So terrified, like a deer about to be eaten. Oh, but don’t flinch like that. Can’t you trust an old friend?”
Damara opened her mouth, though her throat was dry. “We-” Her voice cut out and she swallowed, trying to stop her trembling. “We used to be friends?”
“Of course,” he replied charmingly, warm vapor pluming from his lips. “I’m Chasm. Your brother and I had our differences, but we got along fine.”
Damara’s head swam as she tried to recall this huge, male adult crouching before her, but she’d lost too many memories. How she even knew his gender was beyond her.
“I can’t- I can’t remember,” she stuttered.
The dragon snorted. “My, how easily you humans forget. And look how long it takes you to grow! I’ve nearly doubled my size since the last time we’ve talked, but you- you’re a little lamb.”
Damara didn’t like him comparing her to easy prey as she saw every twitch of his muscles. 
How easily he could pounce on me. I wouldn’t be able to run in time.
“Really now, I wish you wouldn’t be so tense.” The dragon, Chasm, frowned. “You must not be used to dragons anymore.” He lay back with two meaty foreclaws stretched out in front of him, and looked expectantly at her, now at her eye level. 
Damara took far too long to process his words, mind racing on with survival instinct. Still, her body felt paralyzed in place, with only her dress and shredded cape fluttering. Even her hair seemed to stiffen in fear as the dragon stared at her.
You must not be used to dragons anymore. His words finally made sense to her.
“Yeah-ah, it’s been awhile,” she choked out.
He gave her a tiresome expression and sighed, resting his great bulky head on his forefeet. “You’re scared of me,” he noted cheerlessly. “I thought you’d be happy to see me.”
Something clicked in Damara’s head. 
This is what I’ve been wanting.
“Happy?” she echoed, beginning to breathe properly again. Tentatively, she smiled. “I didn’t think that I’d actually get to speak to a dragon again.”
His eyes looked up. She could feel them searching her all over. 
Relax.
“You didn’t think you’d get to, yet here we are,” he said, looking especially self-satisfied.
“How did you find me?” Damara asked. 
It’d be impossible to find one single person in an entire kingdom, she thought. Even for a dragon. He must have come across me by some coincidence.”
Or maybe it’s a miracle.
Chasm smirked. “I remembered your scent,” he answered simply. “Even after all these years, you still smell the same.”
“You tracked me down?” Damara was amazed.
He’s unbelievable!
“Why did you come looking for me?” she questioned further with increasing exaltation.
He gave her a handsome smile. “I have a request of you,” he said, lifting his head back up and readjusting his foreclaws.
“What is it?” Damara asked eagerly. Her limbs loosened completely, as though a spell was lifted from her.
“I want you to help me clear the dragons’ name.” He frowned. “You must have heard that there was an attack on a town. Swaineford, was it?”
Damara nodded. “I didn’t want to believe it. I thought all the dragons were good.”
“Not all of us,” Chasm admitted, shaking his head with eyes closed. “But that doesn’t mean we should all be slain.”
He leapt to his feet and Damara jumped in surprise, yet marveled up at him. 
“We need to prove that dragons and humans can be at peace, Damara,” he pressed. 
“Yes!” she agreed. “We can prove it to them!”
Chasm grinned charmingly. “I have a plan,” he said. “If your people were to see you on my back as I soar over the kingdom, then they’d know they were wrong about us.”
Damara held still, stupefied and speechless.
He wants me to ride him?
She couldn’t believe it. It was daunting. Terrifying even…but dazzling. To hold onto such a magnificent beast and slice through the sky, with everyone watching from down below, was beyond Damara’s most foolish fantasies.
“Well?” Chasm asked, powerfully shaking his great scaly mass, ridding himself of the dirt that clung to his grey belly plates. He took on a daring grin. “Are you game?”
Damara tingled all over. “Yes,” she breathed. Delighted, an idea hit her. “We can do it during the Parade of the Troops! It’s happening on Saint Morehice Day!”
“Perfect. Now, of course we’ll have to practice before then. You’ll probably need something to help you hold on. Can you get that for yourself?”
Damara knitted her brow, trying to think of where she could get some rope. “Yeah, I think so,” she said. Her eyes ran over the rippling muscles of Chasm’s back. “But I don’t know all that I need.” She swallowed apprehensively.
“Could you tell if you climbed on my back?” Chasm offered.
“Yes, please!”
He exposed his side to her with a smirk. Quivering, she stepped forward, pausing with her hands up, wondering what to grab onto. She spotted his wing shoulder.
If I put my hand there, she considered, but decided it wouldn’t be enough for her to pull up on.
“Um…could you crouch down a moment?” she asked nervously. The dragon stooped low to the ground. 
Perfect. She placed her foot carefully on the bend of his foreleg and stepped up, grabbing his wing with one hand and his neck with the other. 
Her lips pressed firmly together to stop herself from squeaking as she labored to scramble up. At last, she managed to swing one leg over his back and straddle the base of his neck. 
Damara couldn’t help but gasp as she looked up from where she sat. It was as though she’d grown twice her height. It reminded her of the time when she had tried to climb one of the horses in the castle stables, as a little girl. Chasm was about the same size as that horse, Damara guessed, though the steed had been exceptionally large for its kind.
‘Damara, stop!’ She remembered how quick Xander was to get her down from the horse once he had noticed her.
Oh, the things he’d shout if he saw me now! she thought, humored at first, but anxiety twisted a knot in her stomach as she imagined it.
“Ah!” A sound escaped her mouth as Chasm stood up and she planted her hands to steady herself. She grimaced as she felt the ridge of his spine dig into her rear. It hurt even more as her weight shifted about. 
How am I ever going to adjust to this? She wondered in dismay.
“Do you know what you need now?” Chasm asked from underneath her.
“Huh? Oh, yeah,” she stammered, looking down at herself.
I’ll have to get something to sit on. And definitely some rope.
“Yeah, I think I’d like to get down now,” she called.
Ow! His scales pinch!
“Here, let’s try walking first,” Chasm replied, taking a few steps forward.
Damara held her breath as his mighty shoulders swayed under her. She doubled over and clung to his scaly neck as his casual ambling nearly caused her to fall off.
“No- I don’t think I can hold on much longer,” she pressed anxiously. “Can’t you let me down already?”
“Alright, but you’ll have to get used to it at some point.”
“I will, I will,” she told him, holding tighter as he dropped back down. 
“Aa-ah!” she cried aloud as she tumbled off him, landing on her rear end with her head against his chest. 
Chasm laughed. Her neck craned back to see him. He was staring down at her, looking thoroughly humored. Immediately, she leapt up and held her arm in insecurity, feeling lousy.
“Now you’re even dirtier,” Chasm commented.
She sniffed unhappily. “Yeah, well, I’m used to it.”
“Let’s go our own ways for now,” the dragon said, looking around. “Meet me here tomorrow when the sun is directly above your head. Can you remember this place?”
Damara looked up at the rare, white pine she had climbed. It was the tallest tree in the area.
“Yeah,” she answered, a chilly wind kissing her face. “I’ll find you.”
“And if you can’t, then I’ll find you,” Chasm said. “I could recognize your scent anywhere.”
“I better be getting back,” Damara murmured, rubbing her arms for warmth. “Please don’t forget me.”
“Of course not- and don’t forget to bring what you need.”
I get to ride a dragon! The thought coursed through her head as she returned back home. Once there, she apologized to everyone for running off and let Catherine tend to her split knuckle.
She couldn’t get herself to fall asleep as she lay, playing everything over in her head and anxiously awaiting the events tomorrow would bring. 
Chasm, she repeated his name silently to herself. With him, I can finally prove that I was right even though everyone mocked me. 
A dragon wants to be friends with me again. It’s the best thing I could ever hope for.


Chapter 4


“You’ve been especially happy lately,” Catherine mentioned to Damara as they went about doing their chores. Catherine turned to her with a grin. “You found a boy for yourself, didn’t you?”
Damara’s smile broadened. Not the kind you’d expect, she answered silently, increasingly satisfied with herself.
“My, isn’t that something!” Catherine’s mother exclaimed, overhearing them. “Damara found herself a boy and now Xander can be the one to get all riled up.”
“Mom!” Catherine laughed, turning to her.
“What?” her mother replied, beaming with an all-knowing grin. “It’s what siblings are like- They want to manage each other’s lives. Why, I remember when your father had eyes for my sister. You can imagine how envious I was about that!”
“Dad was in love with Auntie?” 
“Yes, but I won him for myself in the end, didn’t I? I remember how I used to…”
Damara blocked out their conversation as she began to think about Chasm again. 
The sun is nearly above my head, she noted and sought for a way to slip out. 
“I have to go,” she said, putting on her newly mended cape, and escaped out the door without looking back.
“Off to find her sweetheart.” Damara heard Catherine’s mother whisper to her daughter. 
Their giggling ebbed in the distance as Damara hurried up to the head of the road, relieved to have not been called back. She found the rope and blanket she’d hidden for herself under a bush and took them with her into the forest. 
It didn’t take her long to spot the pine that punctured the overcast sky with its highest needles. She stared at the brightest spot in the clouds, checking to make sure that the sun was directly above her head, and anxiously awaited Chasm’s arrival.
Her eyes fell to the rope in her hands as she fiddled with it nervously. 
How am I going to situate this? she wondered, imagining herself having to close her arms around Chasm to bring the rope around his neck. Feeling a little queasy, she folded her arms close to her stomach. Everything’s going to be fine, she promised herself. I’ll get used to riding him soon enough.
“Oh, good, you’re here already.”
Damara started as Chasm’s voice came from behind.
That’s the second time he’s caught me off guard. She willed herself to not be so skittish. How can such a large beast move so silently?
The dragon’s eyes peered down at the rope and folded blanket in her hands. “I see you brought some things to help you.”
Damara nodded sheepishly. He doesn’t need anything for when I ride him. Why can’t I be more adaptable like him?
“I think I have to tie this around you,” she uttered, lifting up the rope, “so I have something to hold on to.”
Chasm smirked. “Then do so,” he replied, exposing his side to her as he had before.
“Thanks,” she mumbled. Feeling especially self-conscious, she reached over his hefty back muscles to drape the rope over the base of his neck. Stepping back to look at him, she wondered what to do with it next.
If only there was special gear already made for this, she thought. But then, she supposed if there was any, she wouldn’t be the first dragon rider. She knitted her brow determinedly. I can do this.
“Um…” She looked up at Chasm. “Could you maybe…lie down on your side for a moment so I can tie it?”
The dragon frowned. “No need for that,” he said. “Just climb under and tie it from there.”
“Oh.” Damara ducked her head in embarrassment. She got down on all fours, feeling as though she couldn’t get any more awkward, and shimmied her way directly beneath him. She goggled at Chasm’s chest plates, knowing she’d be crushed if his strong legs were to buckle. She tied the rope as hastily as she could and wormed out from under him, pine needles stuck in her short hair. But then, realizing it wasn’t quite right, she climbed back under and did it again.
“Are you done yet?” Chasm growled just as Damara finished tying what she hoped to be her last knot.
“I think so,” she said, tugging on the rope to make sure that it was secure. “Let’s give this a try.”
The great dragon crouched down as she placed the blanket in the crook of his neck. Not quite so nervous anymore, she mounted him much more gracefully than before.
Positioning herself on top of the blanket, Damara was pleased to feel the huge improvement in comfort. Wobbling a little, she hooked her legs under a loop of rope. Another loop went around his neck and she gripped it tightly.
It still feels strange, she thought, feeling her legs shift under the rope. I’ll just have to get used to it.
Chasm began walking without asking if she was ready first. Instead of fighting for her balance, she let herself roll with the swagger of his gait, discovering that, by loosening her body, she could override the transitions of movement.
“That’s better,” Chasm snorted. “You’re not clinging to me so much this time.”
“I think I’m getting the hang of it!” Damara was delighted, looking down at herself, then lifting her head to gaze around as they moved forward. She ducked quickly as tree branches swept into her face. “Can you try not to walk me into the trees?”
“You can handle it.”
Damara spat bitter-tasting leaves out of her mouth. Irked, she took one hand off the rope to block the branches from her face as they brushed past.
Damara shielded her eyes as clouds parted way, allowing a few sunrays through to shine on a clearing in the woods. The trees thinned, opening up to her and Chasm a place free of any blockades or obstructions.
“Perfect,” Chasm grunted, outstretching his wings as if to embrace the breeze that met them. “Hold tight.”
“What?!” Damara yelped, unable to brace herself in time before he struck the earth and beat his powerful wings to rise, a thick mass of muscle and scales gliding low above the ground.
Tucking the gathered hem of her dress under her thighs, Damara laughed nervously as she realized she’d held on alright. She reminded her legs not to be so tense and let herself relax, learning how to keep her balance at each stroke of his wings. Their shadow glided over the plains as effortlessly as a pedal carried downstream.
“Yes!” she shouted out in overwhelmed excitement. She flung her arms out, as though they were her own pair of wings carrying her over the gentle air currents. “We’re flying!”
Chasm tilted upward for the sky, ascending with ease. 
Damara felt her rear end slip back and her thighs press against the pumping shoulders of his wings. Her body started to peel away from him and she pulled herself in close to hug Chasm’s neck. In that position, air rode over her, no longer prying her off of the dragon’s back.
Damara stared with her cheek pressed against Chasm, watching as the forest shrank. Spotting her town down below, she called to the dragon, “They might see us!”
The wind whipped his reply away and her ears could not catch it. Still, they climbed higher, until Damara grew short of breath and they shot through the clouds.
Clouds! She gasped in the thin air, striving to fill her lungs. I can barely feel them. The most she could distinguish was a chilled moisture on her face as they sliced through the overcast. It almost smelled like rain.
A canopy of clouds, she thought, enticed. Her teeth chattered in the cold. Tiny bumps were forming on her arms in reaction to the cold but she couldn’t pull her flapping cape over them to warm herself.
A pop sounded in her ears and she frowned. What is that? 
She tried to inhale, but her lungs failed to take in a satisfying amount of air. Again, she inhaled, but still the air was too thin.
“Chasm,” she heaved, alarmed as her ears popped a second time. “Chasm, I can’t breathe!”
The dragon bent downwards, filling her with wonder as a sense of weightlessness lifted her. Slowly at first, but with intensifying decline, Chasm dove, plunging faster and faster. Panicky, Damara clawed at his neck but couldn’t pull herself in. With wind roaring in her ears, she cried out as her legs slipped out from under the rope. She couldn’t hold on.
Like a leaf whisked from a branch, Damara broke away from Chasm. 
Free falling.
“Chasm!” she shrieked, limbs flailing as she was turned over and over. Land and sky whirled around her, until her cape wrapped around her face and she could see nothing. She was screaming now, into the cloth, envisioning bone-crushing ground one last breath away.
Then- she was wrenched to a halt.
The fabric fell away from her eyes. 
Chasm had her in his talons.
Breathing rapidly, Damara saw her feet dangling. Beneath them was the ground. A long way down. 
He caught me! She sighed, relieved to be in his clutch, though her heart knocked furiously within her chest.
Chasm descended in a wide, banking spiral until they pierced through the leafless branches. With solid ground but a few feet beneath Damara, Chasm dropped her and she fell to her knees, shaking all over. She bent down and gripped handfuls of grass, a delirious fit of laughter stirring up inside of her until she could not contain it. Turning over onto her back, she stared up at the overcast sky through teary eyes as the laughter continued to spill out.
I touched those clouds!
Chasm looked down at her, his signature smirk marking his face. “You would’ve died just now, had I not caught you.”
“Well,” Damara wheezed, sitting up, “I wouldn’t have fallen off if you hadn’t dived with me on your back!”
Chasm grinned. “You’ll learn to like it,” he told her. 
.  .  .
By the next week, Damara had mastered the techniques of riding a dragon. So quickly, in fact, that she prided herself in having a natural gift for it. 
It had been over a month since the dragon attack on Swaineford and everyone seemed more at ease, as though assuming it was just a one-time occurrence.
Everyone that was, except King Chadwick, who was still gathering men for his army. Damara’s urgency to prove her point with Chasm became even more prominent in her mind. Though the Parade of the Troops seemed forever away, she could barely wait to show off to the people of Wystil- to prove that humans and dragons could be at peace with one another.
Going about her morning chores, Damara was feeling especially giddy.
“What’s making you so happy?” Catherine, slicing vegetables for that day’s stew, asked her yet again.
But Damara’s only response was, “You’ll see.”
“Damara, stop!” her friend laughed, exasperated as she shook the table in over exuberance. “You’ll make a mess!”
Damara stepped back but fidgeted in impatience, wanting to move onto their next chore. Just then, Catherine’s parents entered the house. Catherine’s father raised his eyebrows at Damara’s energy and she calmed herself, embarrassed.
“Finished with those?” Catherine’s mother asked, peering at the vegetables from over her daughter’s shoulder.
“Almost.”
Damara turned her head to the door as Xander entered. He paused in the doorway, glancing around the room as though unsure of what to do. Damara cocked her head slightly at him.
His eyes met hers and she grinned. The smile he returned was subtle and hesitant.
Something’s definitely wrong.
Catherine must have noticed too, because she asked her mother to take over her work and went to give him a hug. “You alright?” she asked him. 
Damara could see her searching his eyes.
“What? Yeah, I’m fine,” he murmured. Obviously distracted, he cleared his throat and looked around at everyone inside the house. Damara noticed his eyes skip over hers and she braced herself.
This can’t be good.
“I have something to tell you,” Xander addressed the room, still standing close to the doorway. “I’ve been…called to fight.”
What?
Everyone rustled in place.
“I have to fight in the war, for King Chadwick,” Xander clarified further. 
It was as though the room itself took a deep, collective breath. 
Having said that, he approached Catherine’s father. “They’re interrupting my apprenticeship for now,” he told him. “They’re training me to be an archer.”
No! Damara thought. The King can’t just take my brother like that!
“Not to worry, Son.” The burly man clapped a heavy hand on Xander’s shoulder. “There’ll be plenty of time for pargeting after you come back.”
“Thank you,” Xander said. 
Catherine came up behind him, slipping her hand into his. He turned to hug her again.
She’s not even going to protest? Damara thought. Doesn’t it horrify her that they’re making him go to war against-
No.
There will be no war.
Chasm and I have already decided that.
Suddenly, she realized everyone in the room was looking at her.
They want to see how I’ll respond.
“Damara, you know I have no choice,” Xander spoke, trying to reason with her even though she hadn’t said anything.
Damara scoffed and looked away, blowing the hair out of her face. 
Doesn’t matter. Training will be in vain, you’ll see.
.  .  .
Out in the woods the next day, Damara was still distracted by Xander’s announcement. The whole time she flew on Chasm’s back, thoughts about her brother ran through her head.
Would he fight the dragons if he got the chance to? The thought disturbed her. Would he loose arrows on the very dragons that cared for us?
She didn’t even have to pay attention as Chasm went for another dive. Her body responded by habit, clinging close to him and pressing her legs into his sides so as not to slip.
Recalling how quick Xander was to accept his call to fight, anger began building up inside of her. Doesn’t he remember what we owe the Colony for taking us in? Doesn’t he have any loyalty? 
What has my brother become?
.  .  .
Next thing she knew, flight practice was over and she was walking down the dirt road to her house in Rookton. 
What is Xander thinking? The hem of her dress got wet as she kicked through a puddle. I’m out with Chasm, working towards peace, while he’s out there drawing arrows on fake dragon targets!
Lifting her eyes, she saw that someone sat hard at work, just outside the house. It was Xander, back from his first day of training. 
I thought his apprenticeship was being interrupted for now, Damara thought. Yet there he was, crouched over a half-finished pargeting mould, carving away. She remembered how dizzy she’d become whenever she watched him work. So steady was he. So precise. He claimed it helped him to relax.
Damara tried to slip past, but he looked up and smiled.
“Hey,” he greeted, taking a moment to sit back. “Long day.”
Long day learning how to kill someone, you mean? Damara fumed. She stopped and leaned against a wall beside him, glowering up at the grey clouds overhead.
“I make a lousy archer,” Xander laughed good-naturedly. “I thought my artist hand might be just as steady on the bowstring as it is with pargeting tools, but-” he dropped his sentence, shrugging. “At least I’m not the only one who missed my mark.”
Damara gave him nothing but icy silence. Through the corner of her eye, she could see him turn his head to her.
“Why do you always insist on being like this?” he asked, standing up with arms crossed. “Do you enjoy making everyone around you uncomfortable?”
“What does it matter?!” Damara flared suddenly, fastening her eyes on him. “I didn’t ask to be talked to! Why should I have to waste my breath on pointless, petty conversation? 
“And besides,” she ranted on, “how can you criticize me when you’re the one learning how to kill dragons? Don’t you care at all about the ones that took us in? If it weren’t for them, we’d still be calling to our weak-minded mother for help as our drunk father beat us senseless! Have you forgotten about all that, Brother?”
Xander glared back at her with dark brown eyes. “I was the one who insisted the Colony bring you in,” he spoke in a low voice. “I was the one who snuck back into the house to retrieve you. Do you really not remember that?”
“No!” Damara shouted. “I don’t! I can barely remember anything and you won’t tell me anything!” She felt her stomach muscles contract. Hot tears ran from her eyes and dropped to the dirt at her feet. “You won’t tell me anything…” she repeated quietly. 
With her vision obscured, Damara couldn’t see his expression, but felt him touch her shoulder. Without another word, she shook his hand off and fled.
.  .  .
That night, Catherine came up beside Damara and gave her a hug. “I’m sorry,” she murmured.
Damara furrowed her brow. “Sorry for what?” 
“I just know how much you care about the dragons,” her friend explained. “And if there really are a lot of them out there, I’m sure there must be at least some that don’t deserve to be…well,” Catherine cut herself off. “I just know you must be upset with this whole war coming close…”
Damara looked up at her, amazed.
Maybe I’m not as misunderstood as I thought.
“Thanks,” she said, smiling in sincere gratitude. 
.  .  .
In the morning, Damara felt so pleased with Catherine that she wanted to return the friendly gesture. 
She doesn’t hate the dragons just for what they are, she thought to herself. Friends trust each other with their secrets. Why shouldn’t I trust Catherine with mine?
She remembered that Chasm had asked her to meet her in the morning.
“Catherine, I want to show you something,” Damara told her. “Will you come with me?”
“Sure,” Catherine said, and got up to follow. 
Damara secured a gourd of water to her waist and slung a small satchel over her shoulder. Then, taking her friend by the hand, she led the way, saying cheerily, “It’s a secret so, besides me, you’re the first person to know about it.”
“Oh?” 
Suddenly, Catherine halted. Xander was coming their way.
No, Damara groaned inwardly. She hadn’t spoken to her brother since the previous day. No doubt their fight was still fresh in his mind, as it was hers.
“Hey, Catherine,” Xander greeted. He nodded to Damara but she ignored him. “Where are you going?”
Catherine opened her mouth to reply but Damara cut her off.
“It’s a secret,” she said curtly, tugging at her friend’s arm. “Come on, Catherine.”
Damara saw Catherine give Xander an apologetic smile before giving in. Damara picked up the pace, wanting to leave her brother’s sight as quickly as possible.
Catherine looked more puzzled the farther out of town they got, until they reached the outskirts of the forest, where she stopped. “Damara, we aren’t allowed in the woods,” she protested.
“It’s a secret so it has to be hidden,” Damara urged her. “I’ve been here more times than I can count and I’ve never been caught.”
“Really?” Catherine looked concerned, but gave in anyway, allowing Damara to lead her in by the hand. “Let’s not get lost,” she said, gazing around at the plentiful trees that closed in on them.
“Just trust me,” Damara replied. 
I’ll show her, Damara planned with a wary glance around, and then tell Chasm that I’m ready to fly in front of everyone else. Why wait for the Parade of the Troops? We can stop this war today!
As they came upon the great pine, Damara stopped and Catherine stood with her.
“Is this your secret?” her friend asked. “The woods? It’s beautiful, but I think we should be heading back.”
“No, just wait.” Damara promised her, “There’s more.”
There was the sound of rustling leaves and Catherine spun around to face it. Damara could see Chasm’s form slinking behind the trees, watching them. Beside her, Catherine drew in a sharp breath. 
“You’ve brought a friend along,” Chasm rumbled, revealing himself. He eyed Catherine skeptically.
The young woman’s hand flew to her mouth. 
“Don’t worry, Cath,” Damara said when she saw the look of horror on her face. “He’s my friend. You knew that dragons couldn’t all be bad, didn’t you? Like what you said last night? Well, look!” She skipped to Chasm and put her hand on his side, beaming. “We’re friends- just like you and I are!”
“Damara!” 
She froze at the sound of her brother’s voice. From the brush he stepped out, eyes wide in awe-filled fear of the beast that stood with her. Catherine rushed to Xander’s side, trembling as she clung to his arm.
Xander stared at the dragon.
“Chasm.”
Damara could just barely hear him utter the name. 
He remembers Chasm! Her heart jumped in envy. He must remember more from that life than I do.
“Damara,” Xander spoke and stepped forward, though Catherine cried out, trying to hold him back. He walked to Damara and grabbed her by the wrist. 
“Let go of me,” she said, panicky as she stared into his eyes. The clench of his hand was painfully tight. “Let go of me, Xander!”
His eyes were intense with fear. “Come this way,” he spoke slowly, beginning to pull her, gently but firmly, towards Catherine.
“No. No, Xander,” Damara breathed. “Let go, you’re hurting me.”
It scared her to see him like that, with a frenzied, haunting gaze that gripped her just as much as the hand that gripped her wrist.
Then, Chasm brought his massive head within a foot of Xander’s face. Yet Xander stood his ground, staring back at the dragon, whose hot breath ruffled his hair.
“Let go of her,” Chasm rumbled in a low voice, baring his teeth.
With another cry, Catherine started to run forward and Xander let go of Damara in alarm. His hands flew out to stop Catherine, just as Chasm’s head snapped towards her. 
The young woman halted in terror.
“Careful,” Chasm hissed, leering down. “Or you’ll trigger my hunting instincts.”
“Chasm!” Damara yowled, horrified to hear him threaten her own friend. Taking her chance to escape her brother, she clambered up the dragon’s back. “Please, let’s just leave.”
“Damara,” Xander implored, anxious eyes gazing at her from below, willing her to listen. “Chasm can’t be trusted. If you go with him now, I can’t protect you. Don’t do this.”
For a moment, something inside of her was frightened to hear him say those words.
But then…there was the power of Chasm’s back muscles moving beneath her. She was reminded of their combined strength- a human with a dragon. Her eyes lit up as she remembered their plan and grinned down at her brother, feeling as though she had just beaten him in a game.
“No. You don’t understand. Watch as I do what you should’ve done years ago,” she boasted as Chasm unfolded his wings. “I’m going to prove to the whole kingdom that humans and dragons can live together in peace. Soon, everyone will know that I was right!”
With that, Chasm struck the air and Damara watched as her brother and Catherine were swallowed by a thick cross hatching of shivering branches.


Chapter 5


Damara frowned as she noticed Chasm heading towards the mountain range that stood in the far distance.
“Aren’t we going to the castle?” she called above the wind.
It seemed as though Chasm responded, but his voice was hard to hear. She couldn’t distinguish his words.
“What?” she called.
Chasm turned his head to her. “First I’m going to introduce you to my allies,” he shouted.
Allies? Damara shifted uncomfortably. I didn’t know he had other acquaintances…I suppose it only makes sense. 
Still, she’d been expecting to perform in front of the court, prove her point, and go back home without any diversions. She definitely hadn’t prepared herself for this. But she locked her jaw shut and didn’t say a word. 
It was amazing how short of a time it was taking them to reach the mountains, even despite the reroutes that avoided towns and villages. 
He’s swift and stealthy, Damara noted proudly, watching the muscles on Chasm’s back ripple and flex with every beat of his wings. All those other humans don’t know what they’re missing.
But the farther from the castle they got, the more disturbed Damara became. How far away are these allies? she worried. And why is it so important that I meet them? 
Then, angrily she thought, What’s wrong with me? Not long ago, I’d be happy to meet any dragons. 
As Chasm entered the mountain range, Damara was amazed to see the rise of huge rock formations. The mountains stood tall and still, like ominous giants. She could see tufts of new plant life growing like stubble on their rugged chins.
Patches of snow still clung to the peaks, adding a refreshing but sharp smell to the thin air. Damara wished her cape would stop flapping behind her and instead warm her as temperatures began to drop.
What is that? She gawked at a large tree on the top of a dark mountain. Its many twigs glittered as though decked with tiny ornaments. Through watery eyes that streamed in the wind, Damara saw each and every shining speck blur together into a blotch of metallic yellow. The entire tree seemed to glow. 
“Do you see that?” Damara called above the wind, but Chasm didn’t seem to reply. She twisted around as they passed it, but the mysterious tree soon disappeared behind the mountains. 
I’ll have to ask about it later, she determined.
In time, Chasm began a hushed descent in the eerie bluffs, banking to the left, and landed on all fours.
Damara dismounted, pulling her saddle blanket with her, looking around at the empty ravine. Everything was silent.
“Well?” she inquired, dispirited. “Where are your allies?”
Chasm nodded over to a couple lumps of earth and she squinted at them through messy hair.
“Oh!” Damara gasped as two dragons rose up. Their colors were so muted that she hadn’t seen them. 
“This is a surprise,” the female of the two grumbled. She was mahogany, lacking any expression on her thick, ugly head.
The male beside her, a big brown dragon, grunted. 
These are Chasm’s friends? Damara withered inside. They look like robbers in dragon form.
“Veer, Hasten,” Chasm addressed them, smirking. “Meet my rider.”
Damara waved nervously, then retracted her hand, silently cursing herself for her stupidity.
Dragons don’t wave!
“I’m Damara,” she introduced herself, abashed.
The dragons said nothing. She could feel their eyes studying her closely. Even with Chasm right behind her, she couldn’t help but feel isolated, exposed.
“Why would you let a human ride on your back?” Veer, the female, asked Chasm. 
Damara shrunk in dismay. They aren’t happy to see me.
Chasm’s head snaked past Damara’s ear. “Damara’s an old friend,” he said. “She’s going to help me with something.”
“We’re going to prove that dragons aren’t bad,” Damara piped up, hoping to please them and loosen the tension. 
“Odd thing to prove,” Veer replied. Her eyes were slanted slits as she looked Damara up and down again. 
Damara shifted uncomfortably. “If we don’t, then Wystil will kill you all…” she began but let her voice die out, instantly regretting the words coming out of her mouth.
Hasten snorted in derision.
Flatly, Chasm responded, “They just might be able to.”
Veer and Hasten seemed to pause as if to think about it, though neither of them said a word.
Damara furrowed her brow at their lack of concern.
“I don’t understand,” she said. “Why doesn’t that bother you?”
“It does,” Chasm snorted. “Veer and Hasten are as unreadable as rocks, but you’ll get used to it.”
“What do you mean?” Damara clutched her cape in alarm. “Aren’t we going back to Wystil now?”
“The time for that will come,” Chasm assured her. “But as of right now, there are other matters that need to be addressed.”
“What does that have to do with me?!” she protested. “Why would you bring me here just to tell me to wait?”
“You said you wanted to leave your brother,” Chasm replied. 
Damara gritted her teeth, remembering her own words, ‘Please, let’s just leave.’
I don’t want to make Chasm angry with me, she thought. By now, he’s my only friend. And he’s right…I was the one who wanted to leave today.
“I’m sorry.” She looked down to the blossoms at her feet. “I just thought we could fly to the castle today and show that war was unnecessary.”
Chasm scoffed. “Life is never that simple.”
Damara looked back up at him. “Then what else are you planning to do?” she asked.
“You needn’t worry about that.” He smiled. “I just want you to stay here in the mountains with us for now. And stay close. There are other dragons beyond here that aren’t so…chivalrous.”
“Like the ones that attacked Swaineford?” she questioned, tense. 
“Yes,” he replied.
Damara swung her eyes around in fear, looking for anything that might leap out at her. Shadows lengthened over the valley, painting her surroundings darker as the sun slowly began to sink. Bumps formed on her arms and she pulled her cape over them in attempt to stop herself from shaking.
“But, Damara.” Chasm met her eyes with a reassuring gaze. “You’re safe with me.”
His words settled inside her, calming her. She took a deep breath and nodded.
Chasm turned his head to Veer and Hasten, who still stood there silently. “Let’s get to work now,” he told them. “I’d hate to keep Damara waiting for long.”
Veer gave a curt nod and Hasten grunted.
They’re like a couple of ugly hogs, Damara thought, yawning as the exhaustion from the long flight overcame her. She sat down on the soft ground with her warm saddle blanket.
Her stomach growled and she wondered about food. 
I can go without a couple of meals, she decided. It’s a small price to pay for peace.
There was still a little light out, but she drowsily laid down and curled up. I’m safe here for now. Soon we’ll be back in Wystil and all will be well, she promised herself. Her body surrendered to sleep, with eyes closed to dream of nothing but night as she drew shallow breath through slightly parted lips.
.  .  .
Damara awoke on the ground where she lay, shivering. Her fingers and toes were numbed senseless by the cold and she pulled the blanket around her shoulders, sitting up. 
I’d have dressed warmer had I known I’d find myself here in the morning! she thought sourly as she stood up on fresh, tender grass.
She took a moment to observe the valley where Chasm had brought her. It was pinched between the surrounding mountains. The sky was overcast as usual, but Damara could feel spring in the air. The breeze had lost its bitterness, and flower buds peeped out of the ground like tiny, curious monigons. She saw no lake or running stream, but there was still snow hidden in the shaded cracks of rocks. Damara touched the gourd tied to her waist. Nearly empty.
A rumbling moved the ground under her feet, startling her, and a nearby pine rattled its needles. She looked up at it in confusion.
Another little quake shook the earth.
What?!
Damara heard scuffling behind her and turned, alarmed to see that Veer and Hasten were fighting. With meaty forelegs interlocked, the dragons wrestled each other, growling throatily. Damara sucked in her breath and scrambled up the mountain side to watch from a distance on hard-packed snow.
Where is Chasm? She ducked behind a boulder fearfully, face drawn close to the cold rock as she peeked out. Veer and Hasten didn’t seem to notice her there; they just went on battling. Heavily, they stomped the ground, never once taking flight as they struggled to best each other.
“You’re a lousy fighter!” Veer bellowed at Hasten as they reared back and clashed together. She gripped him by the shoulders to try and force him to the ground. “If I wanted to, I could kill you.”
If she wanted to? Damara puzzled over her words. She’s not trying to kill him already?
“Such lies,” Hasten grunted back, shaking in effort to overpower Veer. “You know I’m stronger.”
“Ha!” Veer laughed in his face. “You’re weak as that worm in the cave lake!” The dragon huffed as she found herself in an awkward position.
They’re taunting each other, Damara thought. And testing each other’s strength…Is this a game? She began to relax somewhat, though chips of crumbling shale clattered past her when the dragons pounded the earth yet again.
“I could kill that scrawny serpent right now,” Hasten snarled, locking forelegs with the female.
“Oh please,” Veer sneered. “Even on dry land, it would beat you.”
They talk more when they’re fighting, Damara noted, almost amused.
“You and your sharp tongue,” Hasten grumbled. “Why did I chose you as my mate? Even Quiver would have been a better choice.”
“Go pair with that swampy skeleton for all I care,” Veer shot back, pushing a big foreclaw against his face.
At last, both fell apart, heaving on the ground like tired dogs. Damara eyed them, still wary, before looking down to fill her gourd with snow. 
Why would Chasm leave me with these two animals? She dug her nails into compacted snow, sucking on her knuckle as the ice scraped a layer of skin away. Where is he anyway? She crammed frozen clumps through the mouth of her gourd, searching the area with moody eyes.
He tells me I’m safe with him but then he just gets up and- there! Damara’s face brightened at the sight of Chasm landing below. Hastily, she tied the gourd back to her waist and ran down to meet him. Maybe we can go now!
But Chasm barely even looked at her as she pulled to a stop beside him. 
“Where did you go?” she asked, touching the dull colored scales of his neck. 
He ignored her, walking on to speak to Veer and Hasten.
Hey! Damara crossed her arms as she watched him go. Why didn’t he answer? 
Chasm talked quietly with his back to her and his allies gave some sort of response. In a few moments, they’d finished their conversation. Together, Veer and Hasten lumbered up a slope, only to lift off at the crest and disappear into the sky.
“Where have you been?” Damara approached Chasm once more.
“I was scouting out the mountain range, making sure it’s safe,” he answered. “I told you there are other dragons around that can hurt you.”
“Yeah.” Damara attempted a weak smile. “Well, your lumpish allies nearly crushed me in their raucous game of bring down the mountainside. Could you not leave me like that again?”
“Veer and Hasten are perfectly capable of protecting you.”
“I know they’re capable; they just don’t seem to care about me…”
“We’re dragons. We don’t nurture things.”
Damara stood back, insulted. “Oh, so I’m just a thing now?”
“Stop your bleating,” Chasm ended the dispute.
Damara closed her mouth, her feelings hurt. Xander never talked to me like that.
Xander. She gazed up as the sun poked through the clouds to warm her face. I miss him already. When is the next time I’ll see him?
Recalling what she had said to him yesterday, her heart sank. ‘Watch as I do what you should’ve done years ago…’
I’m such a terrible sister. I’ll have to make things right between us, after all this is over with.
But for now- 
Damara tried to lighten up, looking back at Chasm. 
“Veer and Hasten are actually mates, then?” She forced a laugh. “They don’t seem to love each other.”
“Love,” Chasm snorted. 
“What?” Muddled, Damara cocked her head. “Don’t you love anyone, Chasm?”
The dragon narrowed his eyes and stared away. “Good question,” he replied.
‘Good question?’ Damara was taken aback. Doesn’t he know?
Well, what does it mean to love? Isn’t it just caring about someone? Or is it something more than that? 
How can I know that I love Xander if I don’t even know what love is? Damara tugged her fingers through knotted hair. 
Do I love anyone?
I suppose it is a good question.


Chapter 6


“Here.” Chasm dropped a bedraggled rabbit carcass at Damara’s feet and began to walk away.
Damara curled back her lip in disgust. The animal’s head was twisted at an unnatural angle and its cold, dead eyes stared out at nothing. “I don’t want that!”
“You’re going to have to eat something.”
“Not this nasty thing!” Damara picked the broken rabbit up by the tip of its ear. “It isn’t fit for me to eat. It needs to be skinned and cooked- but I don’t know how to do that. Besides, look at how mutilated it is!” She shook the carcass, blood and slobber flicking off its feet.
“It will be fine.” Chasm was unmoved. “Just learn what you need to do.”
Damara looked at the dead animal unhappily, though she realized her stomach was growling. I do have a little blade in my satchel, she reasoned reluctantly. And some flint. If I just tried to prepare it, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad…
She walked over to a rock where she could kneel and lay out the wet rabbit. She wiped her hands on the grass before retrieving her tiny knife from her satchel. The blade rested in the rabbit’s fur as she hesitated.
Down the middle? she considered, poking the animal onto its back so that its belly was exposed. Here I go…
She bit her lip and plunged the knife into its chest, far too deep.
Damara cringed at the sound of the blade entering the carcass. She retracted the knife, staring at the small incision with little idea of what to do next. Cautiously, she stabilized the rabbit with one hand and re-entered the blade, except not so deep. Then she struggled to slice it down the middle, grimacing as blood clots oozed onto her fingers.
It took her a long time to remove the pelt, shred by pitiful shred. Gutting the rabbit went quicker, but repulsed her even more as messy innards strung out of the gaping body. At last, the sorry-looking carcass was ready to be cooked and she speared it with a stick.
After gathering some twigs and arranging them inside a circle of stones, Damara struck the flint with her knife, hoping for sparks. She tried several times, but any sparks she created failed to light the kindling below. Frustrated, she rocked back on her feet, then jumped in surprise as her back pressed up against something. It was Chasm, standing right behind her, watching. 
“You really don’t know what you’re doing,” he remarked.
Damara’s skin crawled with irritation for a moment before she thought of something.
“How could I be so stupid?!” she exclaimed. “I don’t have to light the fire. You can do it for me!” She twisted around to look at him.
Chasm held himself smugly as he said, “Actually, I don’t breathe fire.”
“What?!” Damara was astonished. “Dragons can’t breathe fire?”
No, that can’t be right! I’ve seen them do it- haven’t I?
“Most can,” Chasm answered. “I just decided against it.”
Damara furrowed her brow. Decided against it? 
She looked to Veer and Hasten. “Do you breathe fire?” she asked them.
Veer gazed at her with a bored look in her eye, responding by flicking sparks off of her tongue. Hasten spat a flame out at a butterfly fluttering past, which turned to ash in midair.
“Will you please help me light a fire?” Damara urged them, pointing to her circle of rocks and tinder. 
The dragons ignored her. Veer even turned over to face the other direction.
Why won’t they help me?
Damara crinkled her nose in embitterment and looked up at Chasm. “I can’t do it,” she complained.
“Sure you can,” he dismissed and walked away.
With an unhappy sigh, Damara picked up the flint again.
Eventually, Chasm’s statement proved true as she managed to get a fire going. Now eyeing the rabbit carcass with hunger, she held it over the flames, willing it to roast faster.
Damara picked the meat off its bones, feeling proud to have prepared and roasted her first dead animal out in the wild. 
I am a true forest person. She smirked. I really can take care of myself.
.  .  .
How long is this going to take? Damara wondered irritably, venturing down a valley crag. We’ve been here in these mountains for well over a week and Chasm still won’t tell me when we can go back. We can’t miss the Parade of the Troops!
She kicked a stone in boredom. It tumbled down a slope, scaring a deer and its spotted fawn. Damara watched keenly as the red youngling leapt alongside its mother, bounding away.
Seems as though all my friends neglect to tell me things. She sighed. First, Xander wouldn’t tell me about our old life with the dragons, and now this. Doesn’t anyone trust me?
She huffed, blowing hair out of her face. 
Exploring had become a habit of hers as she killed time waiting for Chasm to decide they were ready. Each day, she would pick a valley and see where it went. She hoped to find the glowing yellow tree she had seen on her way in, but its exact location remained a mystery.
Damara enjoyed the mountains. They provided her plenty of challenges, like obstacles to climb and paths to remember. She’d never lost her way, but knew that if she did, Chasm would find her in no time at all. It was a comforting thought.
I wonder how Xander is doing, she pondered, realizing he must be training for battle still. By the time I see him again, he’ll probably have mastered archery.
She glared up at the face of a mountain as she darkly thought, He’ll be forced to go to war if Chasm doesn’t fulfill his promise to me soon.
The realization made her heart jolt with fear, but her mind quickly denied it. No, she told herself. The parade will happen before anything else- and that’s where I come in. 
She examined the rocky slope and decided to test her skills against it, clambering up the steep cliff as quickly as possible. In not too long, she reached the top, straightening up and turning around to see the valley below.
She smirked, seeing that, in just a few minutes, she had climbed higher than a full grown tree. 
Something sounded behind her and she spun a half circle. 
But it was just a pika chirping in alarm of her arrival.
Damara descended a cliff side a little ways away from the one she had just climbed, noting her surroundings with the intentions of finding her way back later.
To her left, she heard a second animal squeak and took a closer look. A monigon! 
The little creature was a reptilian copy of the pika Damara had just seen. Complete with a small rounded body and stout legs, the main difference between this monigon and the pika was the miniscule, dusty brown scales that composed its dragonish hide.
Why is it that monigons resemble other animals so closely? Damara wondered. She reached a finger out to the monigon, trying to see if it would let her touch it. The little creature stared at her for a moment, then darted away into the small crook of a tree. Maybe Xander knows, she thought. 
Did he make up the term monigon or is that what the dragons called them? I’ll have to ask him when I get back.
She jumped down from a rock and landed on her feet, bending her knees a little to lessen the jarring impact. She looked up at the rock, just now considering how she planned to get back on top of it when she decided to return.
I’ll find a way.
Wait, am I sinking?!
Damara stared at her feet slowly being swallowed by mud. Quickly, she stepped up onto a large stone and shook clumps of dirt from each foot. 
That was a close call, Damara thought, reminded of the bogs that claimed countless sheep and goats in Wystil. 
As she followed the great mud mass with her eyes, she saw a huge crater in the mountain side opposite of her, the aftermath of a mudslide. She saw the roots of trees ripped from the ground, the splintered trunks, the dislodged boulders.
Already, small flowers were taking advantage of the newly settled dirt, rising up from the ground as though yearning to replace the plants smothered underneath. There was one thing that caught her eye, making her lean forward as far as she could without touching the ground as she tried to figure out what it was. It was partially buried, but she could tell it was definitely out of place.
I have to find out what that is, she decided, testing the mud with her toes before easing herself onto it. She sunk a little ways down, then stopped. 
Splaying herself out, she crawled on hands and knees in a wide stance, reminding herself of a funny, squashed lizard. She laughed, trying to keep her stomach from touching the ground as she kept her limbs stretched far and wide. 
Damara came upon the mysterious item in the mud and picked it up for investigation. Ever so gently, she wiped the dirt from its crevices. Amazed, she found that it was a ring with the likeness of a fish.
She held it up to the sunlight, seeing how beautifully each scale was etched into its flawless, pure white body. The figure was carved out of ivory.
This is more valuable than anything I’ve ever seen…
Her mind could barely process the words. The fish looked as though it was leaping for a moth, its body curled into a near circle. The splayed wings of the moth completed the ring, one wing connected to the tip of the fish’s tail and the other connected to the fish’s gaping mouth. The fish’s eye was a small green gemstone embedded into the side of its pinched, smooth head.
She placed it into the palm of her hand, folding her fingers over it as though it were a delicate flower. Then she opened her hand again, as if to make sure it hadn’t disappeared. 
It was still there, sitting in the cup of her hand as motionless as a pebble.
The value of this object must be tenfold my life, and yet it doesn’t have the mind to comprehend its own worth! Damara almost expected the treasure to heat up and burn her skin in fury of being handled by a peasant.
Where did it come from? She stared around at the abundant mud, but there was no other sign of humans in the area. However, a faint melody rose from the distance.
What kind of a bird is that? She frowned, gripping the ring tightly in her fist and leaping up onto the trunk of a fallen tree. She strained her ears. Flattening herself against the huge knot of dirt-packed roots, she peered around as the strange sounds grew ever louder.
The odd, rising and dropping tune became so strong that Damara could hear it echoing off the cliff behind her. She slunk even lower to the muddy bark of the tree, eyes flying about in fear of the overwhelming unknown. Her knuckles blanched white as she clenched the ivory fish tighter.
Then, her gaze fell on the singer- a silvery white dragon. 
Damara let the air of her lungs escape. The beast was bigger than Chasm, and his gleaming scales caught sunlight like puddles caught raindrops.
‘There are other dragons beyond here that aren’t so…chivalrous,’ Damara recalled Chasm’s words. 
Oh God, she balked. I’ve ventured too far.
She knew calling for Chasm to come rescue her was the last thing she ought to do. The stranger would reach her much sooner than her plea would reach Chasm’s ears. The most she could think to do was keep low and breathlessly still, staring out at the newcomer as she prayed the mud would mask her scent.
The silver beast moved unusually, ever so slowly swaying to the rhythm of his song. He coiled and stretched, making his way down the rocky cliffs at a leisurely pace. Damara saw that his eyes were closed and he wore a smile of content.
Damara slunk closer still to the knot of roots, praying he wouldn’t notice her.
Come find me, Chasm!
The dragon reached the edge of the mud mess, planting his feet in an elegant pose as he became completely motionless, like an egret poised in the water. Then he turned his head, opening his eyes to look right at Damara.
She drew in a sharp breath.
Don’t panic. 
Carefully, she pulled her knees in close to her body, should she find the need to spring away. She knew her chance of survival was slim if the dragon were to attack her. She glared into his eyes in hopes of hiding her fear.
I will not surrender to fear. I will stand my ground until Chasm comes to find me.
“Oh, hello,” the dragon said. “I thought I smelled a human in these valleys. Without those iron bond plants, I suppose just about anyone can pass through here now.”
Damara huddled on the tree trunk, staring out at him distrustfully. 
He acts friendly. Probably just to catch me off guard.
She tried to think about her surroundings without breaking eye contact. 
Where could I run without getting stuck in the mud?
She couldn’t recall what was behind her, but decided it wasn’t worth the risk to look.
“My name is Clyde- heard from the distance!” The dragon smiled amiably at her. “It’s a good thing you didn’t come here right when the whole mountain side collapsed. Although, that’d be quite a sight, I will admit.” He simpered, looking thoughtful as his eyes followed the mudslide all the way down to where he stood. 
I’m helpless until Chasm comes for me, Damara knew. I need to keep the conversation going…be interesting prey so this dragon, Clyde, doesn’t attack me right away. She took a deep breath.
“Clyde…” she said, narrowing her eyes at him. “I thought that was a human name.”
“That it is,” he responded, nodding. “I happen to be a Cragerian- one of the first few humans to become a dragon.”
He became a dragon? Damara couldn’t help but furrow her brow in confusion. “I don’t understand.”
“Ah, I see,” the dragon replied. “Then I shall tell you about the history of us dragons…” He paused a moment, as though searching for a place to start.
This is good! Damara’s heart leapt. I can finally learn more about them! All I have to do is keep him talking.
Though undeniably eager to hear what the dragon had to say, she fought to appear unmoved.
“Crageria had a small castle on the coast farther down from this mountain range,” Clyde began. “I was a messenger there, as a human of course. But when a huge dragon came and destroyed nearly everything in Crageria, the few survivors, myself included, fled to this land set apart by mountains.
“It was there that we found the amazing firesap plants, whose fruit we didn’t hesitate to fill our empty stomachs with. It had special magical properties, however, and it was too late for us by the time we realized it. Soon after the powerful fruit entered our mouths, we were all turned into dragons.
“You turned into dragons?” Damara repeated after him, astounded. The troubling thought stirred a memory within her, but it was too fleeting for her to catch. All she could envision was being a small child, holding something as someone whispered in her ear.
“Oh, yes! I’m sure you can imagine the shock of taking on a completely new form just by eating one, little fruit!” Clyde laughed. “At first, everyone was devastated, but we all learned to adjust. Well…most of us. The Golden Dragon was used to the pampered life of a damsel, and she wasn’t willing to give it all up so easily.”
“So what did she do?” Damara urged him on, forgetting to stay guarded.
“She got ahold of some magic, which made her increasingly beautiful and alluring to anyone who was or used to be a human. Animals also felt the attraction, so prey came easily to her.” Clyde studied the area.
“She fled to this ravine with her most loyal, bewitched servants. They kidnapped dozens of young dragons that could steal treasures from the kingdom of Wystil. You’re from Wystil, aren’t you?” he asked, curiously peering at Damara.
She nodded slowly. “I am.” Her mind was racing with thoughts.
I still can’t believe dragons used to be humans! What if…what if I could become a dragon? 
“Where is this fire-fruit?” she demanded. I must know.
“The firesap plant went extinct when rogue dragons came to burn and trample them in spite,” Chasm answered and Damara sighed. “See, the firesap plant was named after the magical properties of its sap. Dragons discovered that by consuming even the smallest quantity of its spicy residue granted them the ability to breathe fire. But it was later also discovered that it would cause an early death for anyone who consumed it in this way. The firesap even passed down to the firebreathers’ offspring, fossilizing the clutches so that none of the eggs would hatch. There was one exception, but the hatchling that emerged was terribly ill and soon died from the firesap overtaking its insides. It was a heartbreaking day, indeed.” Clyde bowed his head.
Firesap kills the dragons in their early years? Damara thought, wide-eyed as she recalled Chasm telling her that most dragons breathed fire. How long will it be until the dragons are nearly extinct? At least Chasm won’t die soon…he was smart enough not to accept the firesap.
“Most of the dragons have left since then, after another disaster struck and our creek was diminished,” Clyde continued. “But some of us have stayed to wait out the lack of water. Some firebreathers have already been overcome by the firesap stirring within their systems. It’s only a matter of time before every one of them dies, I’m afraid.”
“Are you among them?” Damara asked. She didn’t want him to stop talking.
“Thankfully not,” Clyde answered. “Others told me about the excruciating pain after accepting the firesap. The ability to breathe fire never sounded worth it to me.”
How can such a huge dragon be afraid of pain? Damara scrutinized. Perhaps I’ve been a fool to be scared of him. Any dragon not power-hungry enough to want the breath of fire must not be violent.
Thinking this, she relaxed completely, moving her tired legs out from under her so she could sit on the tree more comfortably. 
“Do you know what a monigon is?” she asked. She held the ring loosely in her hand now, almost forgetting that it was there.
“But of course!” The silvery dragon was obviously happy to inform her. “A monigon is any animal that ate of the firesap fruit. They are, in essence, dragons like the rest of us, but still we prefer to refer to them as monigons.”
It makes so much sense. Damara was amazed. That’s why monigons look exactly like dragon copies of other animals- because they are!
“Ah.” Clyde’s eyes falling to Damara’s hands where she held the ivory fish. “I see you’ve found one of the Golden Dragon’s treasures!”
Quickly she closed her hands over the ring.
“It’s amazing that one would manage to stay above ground after the whole hoard was covered,” Clyde commented. “There’s so much mud piled on the rest of it; I doubt anyone but the worms will ever come across it again!”
“There’s more?” Damara asked, astonished.
“More than you could imagine,” he replied. “Like I said, the Golden Dragon forced young dragons to steal treasures from Wystil for her. All the gold, silver, and ivory got piled up into one great hoard until the Golden Dragon and her servants were killed. Then her bones and everything else got smothered by the mud.” 
Damara stared down at the mudslide beneath her. She felt as though she were on holy ground.
Clyde turned his head to the rocky cliffs. “Well hello, Chasm!” he called out. “Fancy seeing you here.”
Damara looked up to see Chasm slink out of the boulders. “And you, Clyde,” he purred just as cordially. “Although, it’s never a surprise to find you wandering wherever you like.”
“You know each other?” Damara asked, relieved.
“Clyde knows everyone,” Chasm answered. “It’s the way nomads like him are- they’ve met every face and set foot in every place.” 
Clyde closed his eyes, chuckling. “Not quite,” he said. “But perhaps someday. And how have you two met, might I ask?”
Damara perked up. “We’ve been friends since we were small!” she replied, slipping the ring on her finger. Chasm hovered just above the mud and she gratefully clambered onto him. 
“Well,” Chasm corrected, “she was the small one.”
“You were smaller then, too!” Damara laughed from his back. 
Clyde gave her a heartened smile, though his eyes were quizzical.
“And what is it that you’re doing here?” he asked.
Damara opened her mouth to tell him their plan, but Chasm spoke first.
“Oh, I was just showing Damara around,” he said casually.
Did he just lie? She cocked her head. Does he not trust Clyde? 
Before she could say anything else, Chasm bid Clyde farewell and ascended with Damara into the sky.
“Bye, Clyde!” Damara called, waving, and he flexed his wings with a smile. Still, he looked curious of her, but she gave it little thought as she happily held out her hand in front of her face.
I finally know about the dragons! She admired the finely detailed fish encircling her finger. And as if that weren’t enough, I’ve found something that will make me wealthier than ever before!
Now if only I could get back home and show Xander how far I’ve come.


Chapter 7


I should be back home by now. Damara leaned with her back against a tree. I’ve lost track of how far away Saint Morehice Day is. If we missed the Parade of the Troops, I wouldn’t even know.
All three of the dragons were lying around in the sun like lazy cats. It irked her to see them doing nothing.
I’ve mastered skinning animals and lighting fires, but what have they done? She tapped her head lightly against the tree bark. What are we still doing here?
After a while, Chasm stood, shaking off the dirt that clung to his hide. He stretched his legs out and the tips of his bat-like wings pointed to the sky. Damara watched him, sadly remembering how her brother would get up and stretch after spending a long time pargeting.
“Chasm, when are we going back?” she asked. 
The dragon cast her an irritable glance. “When I’m ready,” he answered.
“But you’re just sunbathing!” she exclaimed, exasperated. “When will you ever be ready?” 
“Give me time!” he snapped and she lowered her head.
Time? He’s had so much time! I got on his back that day so we could prove to Wystil that dragons and humans can be at peace with one another, but it’s clear that’s not going to happen. Damara blew hair out of her face. 
“You’re not even trying,” she muttered under her breath. 
Chasm drew tense.
“Remember how you begged to come with me?” he said loftily. “Now I have to worry about your safety when you wander off all the time like a lost sheep.”
“Stop comparing me to your prey!” She leapt up, nose scrunched in anger. “I can take care of myself! Just go and do whatever it is you keep saying you need to do. I’m sick and tired of being here!”
Chasm curled his lip. “Veer,” he snarled to the female sunbathing nearby. “Keep Damara here while I am away.”
“She’s your human.” Veer refused, “I’m not taking responsibility over her.”
Chasm seethed. “Do not leave Veer’s sight,” he warned Damara and took to the air, nearly whisking her face with the tip of his wing.
Damara cursed him silently, glaring as she watched him leave. I’ll go where I please!
As soon as Chasm had disappeared over the mountain ridge, she snagged her empty gourd and climbed with it up to a shady crack in the rocks. Hard packed snow still remained from the past winter. Using her nails to dig some out, she crammed clumps of it into her gourd and jumped down from the boulder.
“She’s leaving,” Damara heard Hasten grunt to his mate as she strutted away, tying the gourd to her waist.
“That’s none of my concern,” Veer gave a husky reply. “Chasm can manage his own humans.”
Pig filth! Damara fumed. I’ll get back to Wystil on my own without them! I’m not going to let Chasm treat me like a child. I don’t need anyone.
She had a pretty good idea of which direction to head in, hesitating for only a moment before picking her way along a route she once took. She passed by the mudslide, taking a quick glance around to make sure she wasn’t being followed.
I can’t believe I praised the dragons for so long! She snorted with contempt. They’re just as bad as humans. But what should I expect? They were humans. Maybe Chasm himself wasn’t, but his ancestors were.
Were the dragons that I grew up with like this, too? Was the Colony any different from Chasm and those brutes he calls ‘allies’?
Damara drove herself forward, pushing away any thoughts of what Chasm would do once he found out she was gone. 
Come the night, come the morn- I won’t stop walking till I’m there.
All in good time, she reached the top of a mountain. She stared out at the kingdom of Wystil spread out before her. Fields of green spotted with goats and sheep rolled in gentle bluffs, split where Swaine River carved a bend towards the distant castle. Dark forests patched the land, making way for the occasional town or village.
Don’t stop now. Damara shook her head to rid herself of the distraction. She began clambering down, her skinny waist brushing past flowers as she lowered her weight onto one rock after another. Eventually she came upon some slopes and continued descending at a swifter pace.
Then, she froze in place like an alerted deer, staring at a swarm of people far down below.
The army.
Her heart seized up as she peered out at them. 
Xander must be with them!
From her high point of view, each man looked quite small, though she could make out their flags and spears held high. The majority of the soldiers marched on foot. Those riding horses shone with breast plates and helmets, but all the rest were a drab muddle. Damara couldn’t tell if they even had chainmail to protect them. Somehow, she doubted very many did.
I have to do something! They need to go back!
We can still have peace! I just have to convince them.
Damara raced as fast as she could down the bouldered mountain side until she was stopped by a continuous wall of huge dead plants. Without hesitation, she turned and went on running in the opposite direction of Wystil. 
I’ll have to meet them on their way through the mountain range! She nearly tripped over her own feet as she ran alongside the dried, crackling plants, looking for an opening.
Winded, she had no choice but to stop and catch her breath time and again until, at last, the plants dispersed. The ground leveled out to forest and meadows. Close by was a dried up creek bed that cut through the mountains she’d just exited, lined on both sides by the barricading plants.
King Chadwick is probably going to lead them through there, Damara realized. 
Her lips parted in bewilderment when she saw a rickety shelter nearby, clearly built by human hands. Cautiously, she peered inside, but saw nothing except a cauldron, a clutter of plants, and other random objects. It all felt strangely familiar.
Who lives here? She swiveled her gaze. Do they know there’s an army coming?
Damara could hear the sound of marching men echo from the valley as she left the structure behind.
They’re nearly here! She panicked. What if they saw me and shot me from a distance?!
Thinking fast, she climbed a tree with the plan of calling down to the army on their arrival. Then they’ll see that I’m just a girl.
I’ll tell them they have to go back. Or maybe Xander will come with me and we can get out of here together. If there’s a battle here- Xander mustn’t fight. I won’t let him. He could die!
She stared past the pine needles in her face. They’ll be here any moment. She heard the troops coming ever closer, but no voices could be heard. Even the horses stopped whinnying as they approached, as though they knew what was coming.
Then, Damara pressed herself into the trunk of the tree as an unfamiliar dragon slunk directly below her, drawing closer to the valley. She bit her lip as half a dozen more appeared as silent and menacing as a pack of wolves.
Those must be the dragons Chasm warned me about!
They’ll notice me, if I call out to the army now, she knew, reading the beasts’ body language. Then I’d be dead before I could see Xander’s face again.
As quietly as the needled branches would allow, Damara hoisted herself higher up in the tree, praying for a better idea.
Then the troops appeared.
Immediately, the dragons were upon them. Screams rose to the tree tops. Everything became a violent thrashing of movement.
“Xander!” Damara’s cry was lost among countless others. She watched in horror as a seemingly endless supply of soldiers pushed past the dead ones, only to be tackled by crouching dragons or scorched by a flurry of flames.
The beasts were powerful, but the humans had their tactics. With long spears pointed outwards, they grouped in formation with shields protecting them from all directions, mimicking the defense of a spiked bramble monigon. Whenever dragons came close, soldiers facing the enemy shoved their spears into weak spots. A dragon roared in enraged agony as one spear was shoved into his eye; two more were stabbed into a wound in his shoulder and another was embedded in the back of his throat. The beast fell on his side and the soldiers left him, preparing to take on a second attacker.
Those who had arrived on horseback now fought on foot, having either been thrown off or forced to abandon their slaughtered steeds. Their armor proved helpful against the worst of the flames and the blunt of the blows, but the knights’ swords failed to slice the dragons’ hides. Instead, the knights slashed at the membrane of their wings. With a thrust of their blades, they pierced through chinks in the beasts’ plating or the malleable scales of the dragons’ joints. 
Archers lined a ridge of the mountainside, aiming for the dragons that attacked from above while avoiding their fellow Wystilians down below. A wave of arrows caught one dragon in the air and she fell to the ground, wings tattered and bleeding as she staggered. 
Damara pulled herself in tightly as arrows whizzed through the neighboring trees. She stared at the archers in search of Xander, but could not see him. Her voice cried out in alarm as dragons charged up the archers’ slope, fire flashing from their jaws. 
Lone warriors wielding axes met the assailants with admirable bravery, managing to hack at the dragons before having to duck behind their blocky wooden shields. One dragon swiped a man’s shield away, caught the warrior in his jaws and tore him in half. Immediately after, another axe man came and struck the beast on the neck, critically wounding it.
The dragons were just now seeming to realize the necessity of their fire. Nearly every one of them had flames blasting out their mouths, swinging their heads from side to side in fierce defense. But despite their efforts, their numbers were waning. Over half of them lay crumpled in the dirt. 
The same, however, could be said for the humans. Hundreds of bodies, torn, crushed and severed in every way possible, tripped those still struggling to stay alive. Flesh sizzled from the flames. Dented metal glowed yellow and red.
The Wystilian survivors held together, fighting for themselves, their families, their king.
Damara climbed as high up her tall pine as she could when she saw that its base was on fire. Choking on smoke, she squeezed her eyes shut as the gasping and sobbing of men filled her ears.
Oh God.
Something thwacked her on the head and she opened her stinging eyes as she was grasped in the sharp talons of a dragon. 
“No!” she shrilled, cutting her palms on rough bark as she was ripped from the tree. Her vision was blurry and she fought the dragon futilely as she was taken away. 
I’m going to die!
Damara’s legs dangled over the battlefield. Something hissed past her ear and she pulled herself in, terrified of the archers’ arrows. Talons pierced into her skin and she pried at them with all the strength of her fingers, trying to release the dragon’s painful clutch.
Prickly leaves rasped her face and snagged her hair when she was swept through the trees like a lifeless war flag. Defeated, she went limp. Screaming was pointless.
I’m going to die.
The dragon dropped her on the ground and she coughed, tears clearing the smoke from her eyes. As she looked up to see what she thought to be her last moment, her gaze met that of the dragon that landed in front of her.
“Chasm!” she heaved, coughing some more.
“See what happens when you disobey me?” he snarled.
“Chasm- my brother!” Damara gasped, imploring him, “We have to save my brother!”
The dragon turned his head to where battle sounds still rung out, echoing off the mountains. 
“No.” He narrowed his eyes.
“Xander will die!” she screamed at him, clenching her fists. “You have to help me find him.”
Chasm locked eyes with her. “No,” he repeated.
“Yes!” she shouted and struck him with her knuckles. Her skin broke over his callous face, but he was unmoved, glaring as he bared his teeth at her. 
“Don’t be foolish,” he spat. “You would die out there.”
Damara flexed her bleeding hand. “Not if you weren’t too cowardly to protect me,” she hissed and began stalking back to the battlefield. “But I’m going to save Xander- with or without you.”
At once, she was knocked to the ground with Chasm standing over her, breathing hot air into her face. She yelled and struggled, but he had foreclaws pressing down on both her shoulders, crushing her into the ground. She winced, gasping for air as the talon lacerations in her skin stung like knife wounds.
“Get off of me,” she whimpered as fighting proved pointless. Tears welled up and raced down the sides of her face, mixing with the dust beneath her head. Chasm relaxed somewhat, lifting his heavy feet off her shoulders. 
Damara lay there, aching and hurting. The dragon still stood over her like a watchdog, waiting for her to make her next move.
I’m so sorry Xander. The tears ran hot between her lashes as she closed her eyes, crying as though she knew her brother was dying…
At last, the yelling and clanging of metal died down, leaving nothing but an echo of the dead.
But with her ear to the ground, Damara could hear the sound of shuffling feet, and something dragging. She opened her eyes just as Chasm moved to the side, staring in the direction of the approaching noise. Laboriously, Damara lifted her upper body off the ground, twisting around to see. 
Up the mountain slope, the back of a young man appeared as he struggled to pull his unconscious companion away from the battlefield. Damara couldn’t help but gasp out loud as she saw the gaping wound of the downed soldier’s throat. 
At the sound of her gasp, the walking man immediately turned. 
He and Damara held each other’s terrified gaze. 
Then, before either of them could react, Chasm gathered his powerful haunches and leapt forward, snapping the young man’s neck on impact.
Damara screamed, scrambling to her feet, and ran to the lifeless stranger. She knelt beside the man, staring down at him with hands held tight against her body. His head was turned at an unnatural, nauseating angle. She was afraid to touch him. The other stranger appeared just as lifeless, for his chest did not rise and fall, nor did blood flow from his wound.
Both looked to be the same age as her brother. 
Chasm just murdered someone!
Trembling, Damara reached for a rock. 
An innocent person!
The stone was partially stuck in the ground and she tore her fingernails in effort to uproot it. She sensed the dragon drawing close behind her.
And now he’s going to kill me!
“What are you scratching at?” Chasm sneered, breathing down her neck.
“Stay away!” Damara spun around. With one, frenzied swing, she bashed the stone against Chasm’s temple.
Chasm, however, was unfazed. He advanced on her like a mad dog, gnashing his teeth. Gasping, Damara scrambled backwards as fast as she could. She stared in horror as he arched his neck. In a single, powerful motion, he cracked his bony chin over her head and all went black.


Chapter 8


Damara’s head was pulsating with pain as she slowly became conscious. The talon wounds burned in her shoulders and her entire body ached. Miserably, she stirred, pulling her legs in closer to her body where she lay.
God, why can’t I be dead? she cried silently as she remembered all that had happened. Dreading, she opened her sore eyes. The world stood at a tilt. She saw that she was still in the mountains.
No dead eyes stared back at her from the ground. Neither of the fallen soldiers were in sight. I must have been moved. Where has Chasm gone?
Chasm. Her breathing became rapid as she recalled his snarling face, teeth stained red. He’s been lying to me all along. He never wanted to be at peace with humans- he wants to kill us! I allied myself with a monster.
What will he do next?
Whimpering with pain throbbing throughout her bones, she lifted her upper body off the ground to better see where she was. It was the first place where Chasm had taken her to meet Hasten and Veer, both of whom were nowhere to be seen.
She froze as a pointed, grey dragon’s tail swept the dirt right in front of her. Slowly, she returned to the ground and buried her face, cowering. 
“All dragons dead and the human king left breathing,” Chasm rumbled. “Seems Wystil is victorious.”
Damara could sense him circling her. She could hear the tearing of grass roots as his claws uprooted them. The earth almost seemed to depress around him. The air seemed at an off-balance. There was a heaviness in the space that he filled. 
“Look at you,” he murmured. “So childish.”
Damara dared not breathe. She could not stop from shuddering as she felt Chasm ruffle her hair with his warm breath. Her eyes streamed.
Just kill me.
“You really haven’t matured since I nearly got you to eat the firesap fruit. So gullible…so naïve.”
Damara’s eyes opened wide, staring into the dust as his words unlocked another of her memories. She remembered sitting as a little child, peering down at a fruit in her hands. In her ear, a young grey dragon whispered, ‘You want to be like us…’
Chasm! Damara thought, a flame growing inside of her until she was enraged. He’s been misleading me since I was a child! 
Her fury seemed to vaporize the tears from her cheeks, and she glared up at him, her vision clearer than ever before. I need to save Wystil. I’ll escape Chasm and warn everyone about him.
Chasm’s mouth turned upwards into a vicious smile. “I’ve never seen anyone as feisty as you,” he purred in appreciation.
She rose to her feet, trembling in anger. Chasm gazed at her, waiting with a smirk on his face. Damara stared at him, fists clenched and muscles seizing up. But as she calculated her options, she found that none ended well for her.
He’s just too strong…I’m just too weak.
Then, suddenly Chasm’s eyes locked onto something else behind her. He narrowed his eyes, slightly tilting his head in an intrigued yet suspicious way. Only when he stalked past her, though, did Damara turn to see.
Not far from them, a female dragon appeared over a mountain ridge. She didn’t seem to notice them as she crouched, head lowered to eat snow from the rocky crags that fractured the slope. She was magenta, with fiery white sparks dappling her form all over. 
Soundlessly, Hasten and Veer appeared on the same ridge, behind the newcomer.
“Well, look at this,” Chasm said. 
The female’s head shot up and she stared wildly at the dragons surrounding her. She stiffened as her eyes landed on Chasm, who advanced up the slope deliberately.
“I scoured the entire mountain range for my enemies,” he drawled. “And there’s no possible way you could have slipped past me. So where did you come from?”
The newcomer looked terrified as he approached. Damara knew the feeling all too well.
Who is she? she wondered. Maybe we can escape together.
“Evaded the battle, have you?” Chasm asked. “Clearly you are very elusive.”
At this last remark, the female spread her wings, as though to fly away. But Chasm did the same, poising, challenging. Instead of taking off, the newcomer darted down the slope. 
“Hold there!” At once, Chasm dove after her, alighting in her way. 
Veer and Hasten closed in. The female clearly had no way of escape. Now that she was closer, Damara could tell that the dragon was only slightly younger than Chasm.
“Back off!” the female spat, flashing teeth as white as the dappling of her scales.
Chasm smirked and looked her up and down. “But I have an offer for you.”
The magenta dragon held herself indignantly. 
“What is your name?” he questioned. His voice sounded strange and Damara watched him suspiciously.
He acts differently around her than he does anyone else.
“I think I shall call you Evening,” Chasm decided. “That is, unless you tell me the name you chose for yourself.” 
The dragon stiffened. “Iris,” she hissed finally, arching her back with scales rising like hackles.
“Well, Iris…” Chasm flicked his tongue. “You seem rather vulnerable. Have you no one to protect you? No mate?” 
“I don’t need anyone.”
“Ah, I believe the others would have said the same. But, of course, they’re all dead now- and for reasons that trace back to me. So you see, you may not be as untouchable as you think. Just look at yourself now…defenseless as a newborn fawn.”
“Don’t insult me!”
“I’m only telling it how it is.” Chasm circled her slowly. “I have an eye for weakness, as well as a solution for that weakness. Will you hear my offer?” 
The newcomer said nothing. 
“Right now, you are amidst the most fearsome, unyielding dragons there have ever been. We are the Strong Pack, the ones the humans go up in arms to fight, the ones no one can defeat.” 
They were the ones who attacked Swaineford! Damara realized. How could I not have known?!
I have to escape, now while he’s distracted. She looked around her, assessing her options. But when she turned back to see the dragons, she found herself staring into Chasm’s eyes. Damara’s muscles locked up in fright.
“Why don’t you join us?” Chasm sneered, and he hooked his tail around her, forcing her to walk with him towards the others. 
Damara and Iris made eye contact for the first time. The prejudice in the dragon’s glare was clear as frost. Damara saw it, and knew she was very much alone.
I have no ally in her.
“Meet my human,” Chasm told Iris, looking down on them both. The rope Damara once tied on him as part of a saddle still hung loosely around his chest.
“I could never respect a dragon who lets a human ride on his back,” Iris slighted, without breaking eye contact with Damara.
Chasm paused for a moment, then commanded, “Damara, climb up.”
“No,” she refused, rooting her feet to the ground.
The dragon narrowed his eyes at her. “I’ll kill your brother,” he threatened.
“You can’t,” Damara answered bitterly. “He died on the battlefield.”
“Perhaps,” Chasm replied. “But, even so, I will find his dead body and strip the flesh from his bones until even you cannot recognize him. Then I’ll lead my Strong Pack to trample and burn down your town, killing your friend, her family, everyone. And so, I tell you- climb up.”
I have no choice…
With gritted teeth, Damara boosted herself up and straddled his neck, hating her own weakness.
“You see, I don’t let her ride me,” Chasm told Iris coolly. “I force her to.”
Damara saw how pompously he held himself with her on his back. She could feel the pride hardening his frame.
I’m his prize! He wants to keep me as something to boast about…as proof of his cunning! And now he’s using me to impress this female! 
Enraged, she pulled the rope taut around his throat. At once, she was flipped over onto the ground. Chasm had her pinned.
“So what?” Iris snarled. Damara could see the vibrant female’s head come into view. “You wish to enslave me, too? I’ve already served under the Golden Dragon. You might keep a human as your own, but you will never keep me.”
“Of course not,” Chasm murmured. “A human is nothing compared to you.”
From Damara’s grounded point of view, she saw the dragons meet eyes. Iris tilted her shoulders ever so slightly, and Damara noticed Chasm’s chest swell, as if in response.
“I only wish to offer you a place with us- as an equal.” Chasm smiled collectedly. “The Strong Pack could benefit from you, and you could definitely benefit from us. Imagine an entire kingdom blessed with flowing water, abundant prey, open space…all for us.”
Damara could see Iris considering his words.
“You’d be a fool to believe him,” Damara rasped. “Chasm deceives everyone.”
Chasm placed a claw on her chest, threatening her. “Shut up, human.”
Damara inhaled, fighting the pressure on her ribcage. She thought she saw Iris sneer.
“Fine,” the female dragon relented. “I will join you. But only if you keep this human under control.”
Chasm scoffed. “She has always been under my control.”
Damara closed her eyes tightly against the bright sunlight, her vision turning red. It burned to realize the truth in his words.
I’m going to escape, she promised herself again. I won’t be his slave.


Chapter 9


Damara perched on a rock, anxiously twisting the ivory ring around her finger in effort to calm her nerves. Her hands trembled and her stomach felt queasy. 
I need to get out of here- but how? Chasm was always there, catching her eye every time she started to gaze around for an escape route. She knew evading him would be no easy task.
Making matters worse, the other dragons weren’t going anywhere either. Veer, Hasten, and Iris all kept close to Chasm, heeding his every soft-spoken word.
Damara narrowed her eyes at Iris, taking in each glint that flecked her magenta hide. The vibrant dragon held herself haughtily, looking down on everything through harsh, squinting eyes. 
Both Veer and Hasten seemed to ignore her. Compared to Iris, they both looked like mounds of dirt, thickset and drab.
What are they talking about? Damara strained her ears to listen, but Chasm was speaking in quiet, scheming tones and she could not make out the words. The oak grey dragon shot her a menacing glance as she shifted on the rock. 
I can’t escape right now, she knew. How could I distract him? I need to catch him off guard, slip away when he least expects it…When they all least expect it.
Feverish, she raked her fingers through her hair. How am I going to do this? Even if I managed to sneak away, I’d soon be tracked down. Chasm found me amongst a whole kingdom of people just by my scent! I need to find some way to mask it.
She noticed Chasm coming her way and crossed her arms, gritting her teeth as he stopped in front of her. Murderous liar.
“Climb on,” Chasm told her, staring into her eyes as though daring her to challenge him.
Damara crouched on the boulder, silent. If I refuse he’ll just carry me by his talons and give me more wounds, she knew, tearing her nails on the rock in frustration.
Slowly, she lowered herself to the ground. With head bowed in reluctant submission, she came forth and straddled the base of his neck. Her breath was shaky and uneven.
“Good,” Chasm praised her mockingly. He spread his wings and pushed off, beating the air. Iris rose like a colorful bird beside him. Veer heaved herself into the air with Hasten right behind.
Where are we going? Damara dreaded the answer. She dared not ask.
The four dragons flew in between mountains and she predicted their destination by the map in her head. 
We’re going to Wystil.
Damara was both frightened and hopeful at the same time. One part of her thought that nearing the kingdom would increase her chances of escape, but she also knew that the dragons’ reasons for going there couldn’t be good.
Silently, she rode with her heart in her mouth.
In no time at all, they cleared the mountain range and Damara’s prediction proved true. The entire land of Wystil opened up to them like an unsuspecting victim. Swaine River carved a bend through the land. Beyond it was the castle, with the town of Rookton nearby. Her town. Damara stared at it, wide eyed.
Is Xander there? she wondered anxiously, then shook her head in anger. Don’t be foolish, she told herself. Xander couldn’t have survived that battle against the dragons. 
The Strong Pack drew nearer and nearer to civilization, and she grew stiffer with fear at each stroke of Chasm’s wings. 
Looking around at all the dragons, Damara thought, They look like buzzards coming to feed. Then, shuddering, she realized, No, they’re worse than that. They’re wolves on wings coming to kill.
This must be what Chasm wanted all along. Chaos. Death.
How far will he go?
As they came upon the river, Damara gawked at town ruins down below. 
What is this place? It’s burned down to the ground! 
From her vantage point, everything looked like a black, crumbling mess. Everything except for a big stone bridge, which stood out like a dove among crows. Swaine River flowed under it, a vein of life dividing the wrecked town.
My God, this is Swaineford! Damara realized.
Amongst the rubble, she thought she saw a charred body trapped under a collapsed wall. Quickly, she turned her gaze back to Chasm’s spine, praying that it couldn’t be true.
She closed her eyes tightly, recalling the herald’s words, ‘Swaineford has been attacked by dragons!’
That happened last winter, she remembered, feeling the spring sun tickle the back of her neck. Damara took deep breaths as Chasm began to spiral down to earth. She closed her eyes in fear of what she’d see. 
Thud! The dragon underneath her landed with a jolt and her eyelids flew open. She stared down at her hands, studying every detail of the ivory fish on her finger, just to distract herself from looking up.
All three of the other dragons landed. The flowing water sang close by. 
“Get off,” Chasm told her.
Trembling, Damara kept herself facing inward as she dismounted, staring at the pattern of his scaly hide.
Don’t turn around. Don’t even glance.
Her feet crunched as they touched the ground, but she didn’t look down. Chasm turned his head to her, scrutinizing her. Damara breathed rapidly as her tattered dress and cape fluttered in the soft breeze. 
Chasm snorted in amusement. 
“You look more scared than a trapped doe with her fawn,” he remarked. “Come. See all that I’ve done.” 
Before she could respond, the dragon stepped swiftly aside, revealing the destroyed town behind him. Once her eyes touched the scene, she could not tear them away. She gazed in horror at the wreckage. 
This used to be such a lively town, she mourned, searching the ruins from where she stood. And now it’s nothing. 
But where are all the bodies? She saw what appeared to be the remains of a goat, but not a person was in sight. The human body she’d spotted when they flew in was obscured from her grounded point of view. 
Did everyone else escape? Hope stirred Damara’s heart.
She looked to Chasm, who was also scanning the scenery, his upper lip twitching. 
“Didn’t you kill anyone?” Iris voiced Damara’s thoughts, unimpressed. 
“We killed everyone!” Veer snarled back.
Iris narrowed her eyes. “That’s not how I see it.”
Damara saw Chasm bare his teeth in frustration. “They must have buried the bodies,” he said. Without a warning, he butted Damara forward with the crown of his head, commanding, “Come.”
He slunk over the wreckage of houses, head sweeping from side to side. As he changed direction, he herded Damara in the same way and she scrambled over rubble in haste.
The Strong Pack followed behind, stalking to the edge of the Swaineford ruins. 
“Here.” Chasm pulled to a stop. 
Damara looked up from where she stood. Before them was a field of loose dry ground, standing out from the green hills like a bruise. A rancid stench tainted the air.
What is this? An ashen feeling crept over her as she sensed that there was more to the barren lot than what she could see. 
Chasm glided from the top of a wreckage mound, alighting on the field of dirt. He bent his head to the ground and began digging like a humungous dog, shoveling his foreclaws into the earth with mighty force.
A clattering sound cluttered the air as he struck something hard, and he peered down into the hole with a smirk.
“Look,” he boasted, stepping aside so the others could see. He watched Iris approach, his chest swelling in pride. Then, as if on second thought, he turned his head to Damara and demanded, “You too.”
What did he find? Damara dreaded what she’d see, picking her way down the rubble. She felt the loose dirt settle beneath her feet as she neared. 
She paused, taking a deep breath before slipping past Veer and Hasten to stare into the hole.
Bodies.
Damara’s bottom jaw trembled as her eyes made out the hard, scorched bones sticking out. Ragged clothes stained brown with old blood clung to a rotting torso in the ground. An arm lay exposed from the elbow to its stiff, marred hand. Damara covered her mouth and nose from the foul odor that assaulted her, as though spiteful that she should be alive unlike the many beneath. 
God, why? 
These were not soldiers. Not people of power. They were commoners, defenseless against the monsters that seared them, tore their flesh, dismembered their limbs from their core. Their death was not the result of a battle between beings. This was a slaughter, the absolute ruthlessness of one species preying on another, obliterating the weak. There was no reason, no justification. It was simply murder.
Why would anyone do this?!
Veer snorted in amusement as Hasten reached down with one, meaty foreclaw to pry at a dome poking out from the dirt. He dislodged it. Damara retched as she saw that it was a head. Part of the charred scalp was missing from its skull, a white cap atop its sunken, unrecognizable face. 
Damara staggered back, bumping into Hasten’s chest, and he shouldered her out of his way. In desperate attempt to avoid the dug up grave, she tripped and fell at Iris’ feet, who spat in disgust, leaping away. 
How many are buried here? Tears formed as little beads on her eyelashes before uniting and running themselves into the ground. Her cheek brushed up against soft dirt. She imagined bodies piled beneath the very spot where she lay.
Chasm did this. 
There, across the hole from her, the oak grey dragon stood, head high as he tasted the air. He narrowed his eyes in on her, scrutinizing. He was a savage, a killer, a loathsome beast.
Why hasn’t he killed me yet? Damara quavered. Has he a special death for me? 
Or is he going to murder me here with all the rest?!
No, no- I have to get away! 
Gasping for air, she picked herself up and fled back to the ruins. Tripping over mud and straw, wood and rocks, Damara didn’t stop until she reached the grassy banks of the river. She ran to where the bridge stood strong, tucking herself into the shadows.
I’m powerless. She wept, burying her face in her knees. There’s nothing I can do. I can’t escape. I can’t fight. No one’s going to save me. No one’s going to save Wystil. 
Chasm is going to win.
Those last words soaked in, staining her spirit and eating away at her will. Slowly, she lifted her head, glowering into the river that flowed effortlessly before her, hushing softly. Am I to be his slave? Will he not kill me? Make me suffer forever more?
Chasm. 
He was a predator and she’d given herself up to him as an unknowing sacrifice.
I was such a fool! Damara cursed herself. Bitterness chased out all her hopes, forming an exoskeleton around her heart. I refused to listen to Xander and now-
Now I have to watch everyone die because of it.


Chapter 10


Damara awoke beside the river under the bridge. She favored that area. It helped hide the world from herself, and herself from the world. 
Just get through this day and the next, she told herself. And maybe soon the days will stop coming.
Why can’t I just melt into my own shadow? Bitterly, she sat up. Chasm still hasn’t killed me. He must think I’m more special than I am. Does he want me as leverage? A connection to the humans? A messenger?
She ignored her stomach’s grumbling pleas to be filled.
Chasm was drawing near, she knew. By now, she could sense it when he approached. 
I should let the river swallow me whole, she thought, but stayed rooted to solid ground.
“Eat this.” Right behind her, Chasm dropped a dead bird in her lap. “It has the same blank stare as you.” 
She didn’t even glance at the animal whose scrawny head lolled over her leg.
There was a pause and she knew Chasm was expecting a response. She could tell her silence aggravated him.
“Eat,” Chasm demanded again. “I know how feeble you humans get when you don’t nourish yourselves daily. I would think that you couldn’t get any weaker, and yet you continue to surprise me.”
Why are you even feeding me? Damara questioned silently, dipping her knife into the river to watch the water mend back together, immediately after it was sliced.
“Damara.”
Irritation was creeping into his voice. Still, she did not answer.
Suddenly, she was hit from behind, sent headfirst into the river. The bubbling water welcomed her eagerly, jabbering in her ears, sweeping her up. She inhaled a mouthful of it in a panic.
I can’t swim! 
Her limbs flailed at first, then-
Isn’t this what I want? 
She gave in, letting the current draw her under. 
To die and never feel again?
Despite her willingness to die, she was lifted out again by Chasm, her soggy clothes and hair dripping. She coughed and sputtered on the river bank, with the dragon towering over her.
Water spurted from her mouth as she retched. Why did he save me? Quieting as her choking subsided, she lay still, suspecting that Chasm would only knock her down again if she tried to sit up. 
Damn, she thought, clenching her hand. I lost my knife.
“Chasm,” Veer’s deep voice rumbled. Damara craned her neck back to see the mahogany dragon approach on heavy wings, with her mate close behind. Each of their hulking foreclaws thudded the ground when they landed, a few feet away from her. “We burnt down all the other bridges crossing over the river.”
“And the boats?” Chasm inquired.
“Same.”
From the corner of her eye, Damara could see Chasm straighten in approval. “Then it sounds as though we are ready for whatever comes next,” he said. “Did any humans see you?”
“More than I could count,” Hasten grumbled.
“Very well,” Chasm replied. His sharp teeth flashed as he grinned. “Let them come to us. We’ll be waiting.” 
Damara processed his words, slowly coming to understand the ingenuity behind Chasm’s plan. Swaineford was the main bridge that crossed over the river into the upper kingdom. By conquering it and burning down all the alternate ways across, the Strong Pack succeeded in severing all communication of one side to the other. In a few strategic blows along the river, that entire section of the kingdom was left set apart and unprotected by the King’s army.
They’re all hopeless, she thought despondently, lying on her side. 
Then she spotted something that made her heart jolt. Across the river, surrounded by bushes was a face. A dragon’s face.
Who is that?! Damara stared, trying her best not to draw attention to the stranger. His teal face peered out through the leaves with vigilant eyes. Just by looking at him, she could tell he was no ally of Chasm.
A spy? 
Is he alone?
Was Chasm wrong when he said none of the dragons survived the battlefield? Did he miss someone in the mountains? Does he know this stranger?
Damara glanced warily at Chasm. He was tasting the air, mouth slightly agape.
Can he smell him?! She blanched, not sure why she was so suddenly afraid for the stranger. For all she knew, he could hate her kind just as much as Chasm did. But he wasn’t with Chasm, and that was enough for her to try and keep him covered.
I can’t let Chasm know he’s there, she determined.
Just as Chasm began turning to the river, Damara sat up and blurted the first thing she could think of.
“Why didn’t you just let me drown?”
It worked. Chasm faced her, seemingly unsuspecting of the spy within earshot.
“Because you are mine,” he said. “I’m keeping you.”
Keeping me? Damara’s skin crawled. 
“But why?” she implored. “What use am I to you?” The questions she’d been wanting to ask were finally coming out and they struck at the root of her misery.
“It is not your place to question me.” With one foreclaw, Chasm pressed her flat back on the ground, as though to remind her of his dominance over her.
“Why don’t you just kill me like all the rest?” she spat. He had only a small fraction of his weight on her chest, but it was heavy all the same. 
“That would be an act of kindness.” He stepped off of her, jerking his head towards the bridge. “Now I told you to eat that bird.”
Damara just glared at him. 
“Eat it,” Chasm demanded again, locking his jaws on her cape and lifting her up by it.
“I can’t!” she choked, feet striving to touch the ground as she was lifted too high. She pulled at her cape, trying to loosen it so she could breathe. Finally, he set her down. 
“Why not?” he growled, spitting the tattered cape out of his mouth.
Damara turned to him and snapped, “You made me lose my knife!”
The grey dragon frowned. 
“Then find another one.”
Before she could protest, he took off in flight. She coughed a little, then started as she remembered the spy. But when she spun around to see him, she found that he was gone.
Damara cursed silently, readjusting her well-worn cape as she scuffed the ground with her foot.
Who was that?


Chapter 11


“Chasm!” 
Damara looked up from where she sat under the bridge as she heard Iris cry out.
“They’re coming!”
They’re coming? Damara furrowed her brow. Who’s ‘they’? And why does she sound so panicked?
She recalled Chasm’s words from yesterday, ‘Let them come to us. We’ll be waiting.’
As cautiously as a rabbit emerging from the undergrowth, Damara slunk out of the shadows, squinting as the light washed over her eyes. A breeze fluttered her light cape towards the bridge, as though advising her to retreat back into the shadows.
As her eyes adjusted, Damara turned her gaze up the river bank and saw Iris speeding away, into the wreckage of the once great town. She stared past the river, but all she saw was more rubble and ruins. She was familiar with the eerie stillness of the destroyed town, but it seemed more pressing now than ever, as though threatening to break into chaos.
Damara leaned up against the stone bridge, waiting. She was calm, as though suspense was her new equilibrium. Picking at the scabs on her arms, one cut began to bleed.
Chasm swooped in like the wind, landing before her with wings braced open. 
“Climb up,” he commanded.
Damara looked up at him, expressionless for a moment as she scratched her arm. Then, without a word, she did as he said, mounting his back and easing her legs under the ropes still tied around his torso. The blanket cushioning was lost long ago, but Damara never complained about it. She spared her words, knowing how little Chasm valued them.
Iris hovered low above them, glowering down at Damara. Her hide shone brightly in the sun, vibrant magenta with star-like specks sprinkling her body.
She looks like the night sky painted by a lunatic, Damara thought distastefully. A theatrical costume come to life.
“That human is going to be the death of you,” Iris chided Chasm, who scoffed.
Taking to the air with a cocky flare of his wings, he said, “She will serve her purpose.”
What purpose? Damara questioned him silently. So far I’ve done nothing.
As they rose higher into the air, Damara saw both Hasten and Veer also ascend. Then, looking outward, she realized what the Strong Pack was gazing at. 
A mass of troops approached, like the army Damara had seen from the mountain top. Except this was significantly smaller and she could see the dread and exhaustion in every step of their feeble march.
They aren’t going to win this battle, Damara foresaw grimly. How many more will I have to watch die?
She closed her eyes tight. I will not watch! Chasm can’t make me. A familiar sense of weightlessness lifted her, telling her the dragon was going into a dive. 
Wind whipped over her in their plummet.
Don’t look. Don’t listen. 
Chasm pulled out of his dive with a jolt. 
Damara tried to block out the yells of men and the clanging of metal. Tried not to breathe in the reek of blood. Pretended not to feel Chasm thrash out. Tried to ignore the harsh screams of agony, the splintering of bones, the searing of flesh…
She tried as best she could, but failed. 
“Kill the rider!” someone called out.
Me?! Damara opened her eyes, exposing them to the horrors. The air was stolen from her lungs as she saw the sheer quantity of spilt blood. It flushed the ground, surging from wounded men. It splattered Chasm’s hide and even on her dress. The soldiers that could still stand held up their weapons, toiling in vain to block as the dragons swiped at them, grating their teeth and snarling.
There was a flare of light and Damara gaped at the sight of Veer igniting men with a surge of flames. The soldiers screamed, clawing at their burning clothes as Hasten charged and trampled them underfoot. 
Should I jump?! Damara looked at the ground, wanting to escape but petrified by fear of the weapons and fire. No, they’ll kill me!
Whatever had been spared of the flames in the Strong Pack’s first attack now crackled and coughed up ash. Crumbled houses and scattered straw caught fire eagerly. Damara’s eyes stung from the smoke that rose in endless columns. It clouded over the sun in the sky, as though to tell the entire kingdom of the calamity taking place down below.
Like that of a shrill bird, Iris’ cry rang out above them. Damara felt Chasm lurch in response, turning his head towards the earsplitting sound.
“What?!” he exclaimed and Damara followed his gaze. 
In the air, Iris stood out against the brown and grey, struggling with another dragon Damara had never seen before. Immediately, Chasm was up in the smoke, beating his wings furiously towards the new assailant. 
The unfamiliar female was locking talons with Iris and snapping her jaws. As Chasm barreled into the stranger, Damara gasped, holding on as tightly as she could to keep from flying off his back. The collision was solid, jarring Damara and whipping her forward. 
With the stranger and Chasm now in aerial combat, she had to watch out for the slashing claws and teeth of the brown female. Then, in an instant, the dragon halted in her assaults.
Damara caught a glimpse of her eyes right before the stranger turned and fled, gliding in descent on soft pink wings. She watched her land where three other unfamiliar dragons were fighting Hasten and Veer. These weren’t the ones she’d seen on the battlefield against the Wystilian army. She had no idea where they’d come from.
The spy! Damara gasped as she recognized one of them through the smoke. His teal frame was smaller and more fragile looking than any of the other dragons. It looked as though he could be crushed, should Veer or Hasten catch him. But he did an excellent job of evading their attacks, dodging and distracting the dragons for his allies to catch them by surprise.
Now the Wystilian army was retreating, scrambling to help the injured up to their feet and hurrying away. Damara willed them to run faster, praying for their escape. It relieved her when she thought she saw the King clad in chainmail, gripping his side as he led the way.
But then, her attention was diverted, honing in on something else. Rising up from the ground was a green dragon with dark blue wings. On his face was a leather hood pulled over his eyes. Damara gaped, astonished to see someone on the masked dragon’s back, directing him with reins.
A man!
She could not see who it was, for the man was dressed in full body armor and the visor of a knight’s helm covered his face. Yet there he was- a human riding a dragon!
I’m not the only one? Damara stared as the knight approached. Her heart jolted in sudden fright as her eyes fell upon the lance in his hand, held in a low, forward position.
Damara panicked, imagining herself at the end of its sharp, unforgiving tip. She slouched closer to Chasm, peering past his scales as they both awaited the knight’s arrival. Iris dropped lower in the air, pulling back behind Chasm.
With her ear so close to Chasm’s throat, Damara could hear a deep rumbling growl vibrating inside. Just as it looked as though the dragon and the knight were about to make contact with her and Chasm, the man yanked the reins, directing his flying steed out of the way. 
Damara stared, wide-eyed as she and the knight swept past each other. In the same moment, he turned his head to her.
Who is he?
The man was clearly better equipped than her. A saddle fit his dragon perfectly and the reins attached to the beast’s leather hood directed the dragon well. Damara’s eyes lingered on the lance in the knight’s hand a moment longer. She also thought she saw a dagger strapped to his waist.
Flinching in fear, she saw the knight turn his dragon to face them once more, speeding towards them through the smoke. The armored man huddled tightly into his saddle, as though bracing himself. 
He’s going to run me through!
Damara heard Chasm curse loudly. Plunging, he hollered at Iris to follow as he swooped for the place where Hasten and Veer were struggling with their opponents. A marine green dragon had Hasten pinned, fire dancing off his tongue.
Damara cried out as Chasm charged, full speed, for the stranger. They collided, and Damara nearly flew off as Chasm tackled the green dragon to the ground. Even after being caught off guard, the stranger twisted masterfully out of Chasm’s clinch. Now he and the brown female advanced on Chasm.
“Let’s get out of here!” Chasm snarled to his allies.
Hasten and Veer heaved themselves to their feet as Iris ascended on wing ahead of them.
The Strong Pack escaped, leaving the strangers behind. Swiveling around, Damara thought she could see the dragon rider dismount and kneel over a broken soldier, but trees blocked her view as Chasm sailed low over the forest. Only the smoke could still be seen, a dark stain in the sky.
Damara could see that Chasm was taking them back to the mountains. He beat his wings faster than she’d seen him do ever before and it wasn’t long until they reached their refuge in the valley.
The dragons landed. Damara could feel that Chasm was furious. His back muscles twitched unnaturally underneath her, and his movements were sharp and aggressive.
Shakily, she slid off of his back, facing him as she backed up. Chasm didn’t seem to remember she was there. His nostrils flared like a maddened horse and his mouth jerked until he stretched his jaws wide open and roared. 
Damara clapped her hands over both her ears, feeling the dragon’s thundering in her bones. She noticed Iris perk up, while Veer and Hasten looked on, alert.
For the next few moments, Chasm stood there, heaving. Iris drifted over to him, swinging from side to side until she shouldered up against him, rubbing the crown of her head under his chin.
Chasm took a deep breath, exhaling steadily, and forced a smile of confidence.
“Very well,” he composed himself in a cool voice, addressing the Strong Pack. “Perhaps I was not prepared for this sudden complication, but they cannot stand in our way for long.
“Veer, Hasten,” he directed his eyes to the expressionless dragons. “Make sure the human doesn’t run off while I’m away. Don’t let her leave at all. She may play a very important role in our victory.”
What? Damara gritted her teeth. What role?
Chasm grinned cockily, turning his attention back to Iris. “I won’t be gone for long,” he assured, touching snouts with her. “Just wait for me here.”
The oak grey dragon spread his wings as the sky turned to dusk. As if on second thought, he cast Damara a warning glare, saying, “You know I can find you wherever you go.”
With that, he took to the air and Damara retreated to a concealed place in the mountain side, her mind racing with all that had happened.


Chapter 12


Chasm still isn’t back. 
Damara sat with her head against a pine tree and her feet against a rock, throwing pinecones up the mountain side, watching them tumble down.
Could the dragon rider have killed him? She imagined the mysterious man’s lance running Chasm through. Then I’d finally be free. 
But no…
She turned her head to look at Hasten, who lay on the ground a few yards away, facing her. She could see him watching her like a statue, unblinking, unstirring. 
I’d have to escape the rest of the Strong Pack.
Veer lumbered over to her mate, pushing him with the crown of her head. “Would you give it a rest and do something else for once?” she heckled him throatily. “Don’t be such a guard dog.”
Damara furrowed her brow. She doesn’t care if I’m left alone? Isn’t she afraid I’ll run away?
She craned her neck to see Iris, who lay with foreclaws crossed and head held high. She would let me go just for fear of touching me.
She felt around for another pinecone to throw, but they were all out of her reach. For the hundredth time, she slipped the ring off her finger and studied it closely, admiring its emerald eye.
Chasm’s been gone for a few days now. Could he be dead? Should I try to escape?
She imagined herself slipping past all the dragons, out of the mountains, and back into Wystil.
Where would I go? Damara’s heart sank as she thought, Even if Xander was still alive, would he forgive me? Would Catherine’s parents send me away? Would I be completely on my own?
She rested her head back against the tree bark, closing her eyes. 
Hunger pains seized her and she thought, Maybe I could hunt for myself if my knife wasn’t lost in the river. She daydreamed of partially burnt rabbit meat, her stomach rumbled.
In efforts to distract herself, she got up, ignoring Hasten’s stare. A boulder towered nearby and she rubbed dirt into her hands. Climbing the rock reminded her of the past, when she could out-climb anyone who challenged her, even Xander. She could almost hear her brother’s exasperated laugh as she reached the top, but turned only to see the dismal reality of what her life had become.
With a groan, Damara perched on the ledge. The rock wasn’t much more than a dragon’s length high, but it helped her feel that much more separated from the Strong Pack below. She craved to be untouchable.
“About time,” Veer spoke, obnoxiously loud.
Damara started when a shadow raced over her.
It was Chasm, descending from the sky to land next to Iris, smirking as he folded his wings against his sides. “Hello, Evening.” He grinned as she curled her lip.
“Don’t call me that!” she spat, but did not object when he leaned in to rub chins with her. 
Damara looked away, repulsed.
I’d vomit if there was anything in my stomach, she thought. They’re worse than Veer and Hasten.
“Will you two stop acting like such fools?” Veer groused. “Chasm, tell us what’s going on.” 
Damara peered down at them again, surprised to agree with the mahogany brute.
Iris glared at Veer, but didn’t say a word as Chasm straightened. 
Damara noticed something hooked in his left foreclaw. A boot.
What does he want that for? Does he even know it’s there?
Chasm called Damara down, shaking the leather boot from his talons. 
She hesitated. 
The dragon narrowed his eyes at her. “Come down,” he repeated.
With a deep breath, she stood up, then paused. 
Look how tall I am, she thought. A little thrill ran through her bones as she saw how Chasm had to tilt his head back at her. A little smirk rose in the corner of her lips.
Chasm bared his teeth, then gathered his haunches and leapt up onto the rock like a wild cat.
Damara couldn’t help but gasp as she found herself reeling back with no room for her to balance. The dragon opened his wing, purposely knocking her off. She crashed to the ground, wincing as she landed hard on her shoulder.  
Damara’s eyes fell on a pair of magenta foreclaws in front of her, and she followed them all the way up to Iris’ face.
“Don’t touch me,” the female hissed, backing away and forming a defensive half circle with her body. Her tail curled, at the ready to lash out.
Damara took a heavy breath and got to her feet, trying not to grimace in pain. Touching her throbbing shoulder, she turned to see Chasm, who posed on the tall boulder. He held his stance a moment longer, then alighted beside the boot on the ground.
“Pick it up,” he commanded, nodding toward it.
Damara walked over and stooped to do as he said, knowing it was the only way for her to avoid any more of his physical abuse.
She turned the footwear over in her hands. It’s just an ordinary boot.
Chasm eyeballed a bare spot of earth, planting his foreclaw in it. “Press the boot print there,” he ordered, nodding to the patch of dirt as he stepped off of it. 
Damara complied, pushing the boot into the ground and taking it away again, so that both footprints set side by side- dragon and man. Chasm scrutinized the marks intensely.
What is he doing? Damara wondered, glancing from him to the footprints.
“Draw a circle around them,” he decided finally. 
Without understanding why, she knelt to trace a ring around the two impressions. And so, both footprints were unified into one symbol. Damara straightened herself, looking down at it, still confused.
Chasm snorted in approval. “Did I not tell you this human could aid us in our victory?” he asked the Strong Pack.
Veer crinkled her muzzle. “I’m not impressed,” she said.
“Only because you don’t understand how the humans think,” Chasm gloated. “I have heard what the Wystilians think of this newcomer, the Dragon Knight, so they call him. As it turns out, they refuse to believe that he’s helping them.”
“Did anyone see you?” Iris inquired.
Chasm scoffed. “Those humans couldn’t notice me.”
The Dragon Knight, Damara thought in wonder. If it’s true that the Wystilians don’t trust him, they must not know him. Who is he? Is he really trying to save them?
Would he save me?
Don’t be ridiculous, she told herself crossly. No one’s going to help me. I ride the enemy’s back. Everyone thinks I’m a part of the Strong Pack. They all want me dead.
“Don’t lose that boot,” Chasm ordered Damara. “Now climb up. It’s time for us to leave.”
Damara furrowed her brow, blowing her lengthening hair out of her face.
What now? She gripped the leather boot in one hand as she clambered up onto the dragon’s grey back. We can’t possibly be going back to Wystil after the Dragon Knight fought us off. 
But she was proved wrong as Chasm and the Strong Pack exited the mountain range once more, gliding into the kingdom without hesitation.
What can they possibly be thinking?
.  .  .
They passed over Swaineford and Damara stared down on the battlefield in awe.
The dead soldiers- they’re all gone! 
Did the Dragon Knight bury them? she wondered. Or did his dragons eat them?!
She tapped the ivory ring around her finger apprehensively. Is he helping the kingdom, or are the Wystilians right to fear him? Did he fight us to protect the army or take the land for himself?
How does he know those dragons?
Damara’s heart beat faster as they passed over Swaine River, leaving the wrecked town behind. A village stood in the near distance. The Strong Pack headed towards it.
Is this an attack? Damara bit her lip and dug her nails into the rope she clenched. Do they know we’re coming? Do I have to watch them die?!
Panic rose up her throat and she trembled uncontrollably. Her muscles became taut. Are there children there? She stared ahead with wide eyes. 
As they came upon the village, she could see commoners on the ground, screaming and pointing up at the dragons. Chasm tucked his wings in to dive, plummeting toward the people. Seeing the ground come so close, Damara had the sudden urge to jump off, but the ropes over her legs stopped her.
“No! Stop!” she cried aloud uselessly as the dragon beneath her snatched a man in his claws. She could hear the stranger hollering. She peered down, seeing the man kick his legs as Chasm ascended again, beating the air with mighty strokes.
Oh God. Damara froze in terror when Chasm reached great heights and opened his talons.
“Ahhhh!” The man’s guttural scream rang out as he plunged toward the earth.
Damara closed her eyes tightly, right before he hit the ground. She slumped, unable to block out the appalling images of blood painted in her mind. Defeated, she slipped into oblivion, imagining her brother’s embrace. Curling up tight into herself, she tried to breathe in and out, calm and steady.
Peace, peace…
Be still.
Chasm roared, awakening Damara from her trance-like state. Her eyes flew open as she sat bolt upright. 
The Dragon Knight! 
She stared in amazement as the Strong Pack’s chaos was swept into order. Two dragons tackled Veer and Hasten in midair, stopping them from burning down the houses not already ignited. 
The Dragon Knight on his hooded dragon swooped low, guiding commoners out of burning wreckage. The hooded dragon held his blue wings open wide, shielding the victims from the fire that pressed in on them from all sides.
Damara saw Iris land in the flaming ruins, cowering as she watched the Dragon Knight’s four allies take over. Chasm hovered above the village, peering down at all that was happening. Damara could feel his growl vibrating in his throat.
She saw the teal dragon help the Dragon Knight usher terrified people to a safer area at the edge of the village. Then, on his pine green dragon, the knight ascended, heading straight for Chasm.
And her.
Such skill. Damara couldn’t help but admire the Dragon Knight in apprehensive awe as he came near. Her eyes focused in on how precisely he directed his reptilian steed with the reins. She noticed how relaxed he looked on the dragon’s back, realizing just how tense she herself was. 
Chasm darted to the side, avoiding the knight and his dragon. For a moment, they regarded each other, both dragons beating their wings with unquestionable power. Damara stared at the knight, stiff as she sensed his hidden eyes settling on her. 
Then, Chasm snarled, lunging for the dragon and his rider. The Dragon Knight responded quickly, thrusting his lance out at Chasm, who twisted in flight to avoid the piercing tip.
“Frontal assault!” 
Damara heard the knight give a warning shout and his dragon got ready with claws up. 
Having gotten past the lance, Chasm locked into one-on-one combat with the hooded dragon.
Damara clung on desperately, eyes wide as tooth and claw flashed past her. She saw the knight’s dragon snarl, terrified yet awestruck to see the mystifying beast so close.
Can he see through that hood? she wondered, gawking at the dragon’s leather head covering. There were no eye slits.
Damara gasped as she was whipped to the side. Struggling to get readjusted in her seat, she blanched as a set of claws whisked past her, nearly scoring her across the face. 
As Chasm and the obscure dragon clashed again and again, Damara saw that the knight had lost his lance. Now in his hand was a dagger with a cruel, sharp tip.
She shuddered uncontrollably, catching the blade’s glint as the dragons grappled each other. Is he going to stab me with that? she feared, pressing herself as close to Chasm as she could.
Tears of pain sprung to her eyes as Chasm’s sudden movement slammed her chin against his solid neck. She could taste the blood on her lower lip and braced herself for a second impact. 
Oh God, I’m not going to survive this! she cried inwardly with eyes fixed shut. True fear of death gripped her as tightly as she gripped the rope around Chasm’s neck. 
I don’t want to die!
As though the Heavens heard her prayer, she felt Chasm break away. She opened her eyes, inhaling deeply as she realized he was calling the retreat, bidding the Strong Pack to come and follow his lead. 
Already flying away from the broken village was Iris, not once glancing back as she fled. Down below, Damara could see Veer and Hasten pull out of a standoff with the other dragons, who were guarding a tight group of commoners.
Though the Strong Pack retreated on battle-wearied wings, Damara saw that the Dragon Knight was not going to pursue them. She twisted around to see the armored man dismount and rush to pick up a wounded child. 
As Chasm took Damara further and further away, she continued to watch as the mysterious man put a comforting arm around a weeping woman.
He really is helping them. 
Hope stirred within her. 
Would he help me?
.  .  .
It seems the Dragon Knight only comes when the Strong Pack is killing people, Damara mulled over as she sat under Swaine Bridge once more. But why doesn’t he come to eliminate the Strong Pack once and for all?
And if that were to happen- what would become of me? 
She stared down into the flowing river and started when a slick water monigon surfaced in front of her, a fish in its mouth. Judging by the creature’s sleek and slender body, Damara could tell it was the reptilian copy of a river otter. She greedily eyed the fish in its jaws, wishing she could be just as efficient at fishing.
Hunger pains shot through her, as though her stomach felt the need to remind her of its existence. The chicken eggs and zikkerwheat she’d scavenged from the town were barely enough to sustain her and Damara wished for meat. 
Roasted rabbit meat, she imagined wistfully. Partially burnt, still warm…how perfect.
The dead bird Chasm had caught for her days ago was long gone, likely wolfed down by a stray dog or swept up by the river. Miserably, Damara dug her nails into the ground, daydreaming of food. She recalled fresh bread and warm stew, nearly tasting their soothing flavors on her tongue. Groaning, she buried her face in her knees.
After a few moments, she lifted her weary head and froze. 
Straight across from her, on the other side of the river, stood the dragon spy. The bridge cast shadows over him, but she could see something in his jaws. He gazed at her, a soft apprehensive expression on his face. Damara dared not say a word, knowing well that Hasten was above them on the bridge. 
The spy! Why is he just staring at me? 
What’s that in his mouth?
She was not afraid that he would suddenly attack her. His body language didn’t suggest anything of the sort. The possibility of one of the other unknown dragons sneaking up on her from behind also ran through her head, but she was too curious to be afraid.
Slowly, the teal dragon lowered his head and opened his mouth to drop the object on the ground. Then, just as quietly, he passed over it and slipped into the water, disappearing from sight.
Will he come up on this side? Damara timidly searched the river for any signs of movement. A few moments went by with no tell-tale signs of the stranger and she turned her focus on the object still lying on the bank opposite of her.
I have to find out what that is, she determined. Knowing that swimming across was out of the question, she reluctantly ventured up to the bridge, where Hasten stood guard.
The large brute ignored her as she hesitated on one end of the stone bridge. She bit her lip as she saw the rest of the Strong Pack approaching on wing. They all landed on the bridge. Iris leaned into Chasm flirtatiously as he looked on with pride. Damara could see Veer narrow her eyes at the two of them.
The mahogany female turned her head to her mate and awkwardly tried rubbing chins with him.
“What’re you doing?” Hasten grumbled, pulling away. 
Iris and Chasm stopped cooing over each other, watching Veer as she tilted her bulky shoulders towards her mate. Iris laughed sharply, startling Damara. 
“How pathetic,” Iris snickered to Chasm.
Now’s my chance to cross, Damara realized. As inconspicuously as possible, she moved to the edge of the bridge. She passed by Iris and Chasm, who paid her no mind as they smirked at Veer shouldering up against Hasten.
Hasten made eye contact with Damara, but was distracted as his mate growled for his attention.
As soon as Damara had crossed the bridge, she skittered down the grassy slope to get to the mysterious item. She picked it up, staring at it in amazement. It was a leather belt, and attached to it was a sheathed dagger.
A knife! she thought with delight, weighing it in her hands. The spy brought me a knife!
Pulling it out, she studied it closer. The noduled base of an antler served as the hunting dagger’s handle. Damara could tell it was made for a man’s hand, but she gripped it well enough. The dagger’s glinting blade became narrow towards the end in a viciously sharp tip. And etched into the metal were two dragon tracks, one above the other. 
Damara froze in astonishment as she realized what she was holding.
This is the Dragon Knight’s dagger! 
She nearly dropped it in alarm, holding its leather-wrapped handle with shaking hands.
Does the Dragon Knight know his knife is gone? Did the teal dragon steal it from him, or…was he sent to give it to me?
She stood there dumbfounded, barely able to process her own thoughts.
Does someone actually care about me?
.  .  .
“Circle it,” Chasm commanded Damara. 
She traced a line around the two imprints of the dragon’s foot and the boot, completing the symbol. They were standing in the recently abandoned village, marking their footprint symbol wherever Chasm chose.
I don’t understand, Damara thought. The Strong Pack retreated when the Dragon Knight came to fight them off…so why is Chasm marking the territory as his own?
She searched the skies and scanned the devastated town with her eyes. The Dragon Knight won this fight- and yet he doesn’t come again to drive us out?
There aren’t any bodies, she noted, gazing around. It hasn’t even been a week since the Strong Pack invaded. How was he able to bury the dead in that time?
She furrowed her brow, mounting Chasm as ordered. Absentmindedly, she tied the boot to her waist. As her hand bumped into the sheathed dagger on her belt, she envisioned the Dragon Knight flying on the back of his hooded dragon. 
Who could he be? She yearned to know.
Chasm flew back to Swaineford, where they found Veer lying on the bridge, looking glum.
“Where is Hasten?” Chasm asked her, alighting on the stone structure.
“That dim-witted earth mound?” Veer grumbled. “I don’t know.”
“It’s time we attack another town,” Chasm told her. “Go find Hasten and meet me here.”
“Attack another town?” Veer repeated his words. “Can’t you see that it’s useless? The Dragon Knight beats us every time.”
She’s right, Damara realized, chest swelling with hope. The Strong Pack can’t compete with the Dragon Knight. Twice, they’ve tried, and both times they’ve failed miserably. 
A spark lit her eyes and she broke into an impassioned grin.
Chasm is going to lose!
A sound must have escaped her lips, for Chasm craned his neck to look at her through the corner of his eye. Damara saw his face harden, right before he shook her violently off his back.
 Sent flying from her perch, her eyes watered as the back of her head struck stone. Wincing, she propped herself up, feeling her scalp for blood. Despite the throbbing, she determined that she was uninjured.
Chasm glared down at her in hatred.
 “If it weren’t for me, the Dragon Knight would kill you,” he warned darkly. “They want us all dead, even you.” 
Damara narrowed her eyes, processing his words. 
First, he tells me that without him I’d be killed. But then he tells me that because I’m with him, people want me killed?
As Damara remained silent, Chasm turned his head to Veer. “I told you to go find Hasten and meet me here,” he growled. “Why are you just standing there?”
Veer opened her mouth as if to object, then seemingly reconsidered and ambled away. 
Damara mulled over how suddenly Chasm had lost his temper and shook her off. Was I smirking? she pondered, unable to remember. How did I manage to aggravate him so easily?
He’s awfully tense, she noted, climbing back up as he ordered her to do so. When has he ever been like this?


Chapter 13


These locks must go, Damara decided as her long, tangled hair got caught in a tree branch. She whipped out her dagger and began slicing away at it, cutting it shorter by the handful. Light brown hair fell at her feet and clung to twigs of the branch. A warm breeze fluttered the dress she’d scavenged from a deserted town. 
Chasm walked past her, snorting in amusement. “You look like a one-antlered deer with that little blade,” he laughed, narrowing his eyes at the dagger in her hand.
You have no idea where this ‘little blade’ even came from, Damara thought. You wouldn’t be laughing then if you did.
She tossed the last of her loose hair into the wind, walking away without a word. Wreckage littered the barren street. This town was located in upper Wystil, across the river from the castle. Most of the buildings were burnt-black heaps of rubble from the time the Strong Pack had attacked it.
They’ve invaded so many towns, I can’t even remember when this one was destroyed.
Some of the towns hadn’t even been attacked before the civilians left. Damara wondered where all the commoners went. 
They’d never get past the bridge, she knew. Chasm kept a guard posted there at all times, making it impossible for any human to cross over Swaine River to the other side.
Whenever the Dragon Knight appeared, Chasm would call a retreat, knowing well that the Strong Pack was outmatched. Yet, on their return, they would find the town abandoned. No Dragon Knight. No survivors. It was as though they had all disappeared, leaving behind the ruins of their town. 	
Spring had warmed into summer. Now, with all of upper Wystil seemingly abandoned, Damara wondered if Chasm was going to target the towns closer to the castle, or maybe even the castle itself. King Chadwick’s army hadn’t made another appearance since the Strong Pack decimated them at Swaineford.
How long has it been since that happened? Damara tried to recall, but the days just melted into one another. She didn’t want to think about it as she sat under the ruins of yet another broken house. 
There was a stale piece of scavenged bread in her satchel and she took it out, tearing off the crust with her teeth, relishing its tough resistance as she chewed.
“Don’t curl your lip at me, you useless monigon,” Veer’s voice rumbled like thunder outside.
Damara snuck to the doorway of her shelter.
The dragon was standing rigid in the road, facing Iris, whose scales bristled at the insult. 
The spark-like spots that dappled her magenta hide were brighter than the old blossoms that sprinkled from the trees. In this devastated town, Iris stood out like a ripe apple on a winter bare tree.
“How dare you call me that, you jealous buzzard!” Iris shrilled.
“Jealous?” Veer growled, cocking her bulky head menacingly. “Of you?! You spend all your time fawning over Chasm while Hasten and I guard the bridge. You hide like a coward while the rest of us fight the ones that stand in our way. That human is more useful than you.”
Iris gasped, nostrils flaring. “Don’t compare me to filth!”
Filth?! Damara stepped out of the house for a better view.
Chasm arrived on the scene, no doubt attracted by Iris’ piercing wails. He alighted next to her. “What is all this yelling about?” he asked in a disapproving voice.
“Your pairing was just realizing how useless she is,” Veer answered sourly.
Iris scoffed, looking to Chasm, clearly expecting him to defend her.
He paused a moment, thinking.
“I will catch a human for you,” Chasm told her finally. “And it can ride on your back so that you may have the advantage when the Dragon Knight confronts us.”
The advantage? wondered Damara.
Iris stood erect and indignant. “I am not carrying a human on my back.”
“The defenders are afraid of hurting-” He cut himself off as he saw Damara standing there. “Of hurting themselves,” he finished after a pause, eyes searching the sky. “They obviously think that riders make a dragon even more dangerous.”
What? Damara furrowed her brow. That can’t be true. She studied Chasm, trying to figure out what he meant. He kept his lips taut in a subtle frown.
Damara caught Iris’ eye and they glared at each other for a few moments.
“Tomorrow, I will catch you a child,” Chasm told his pairing. “And you,” he stared down Damara, “will teach it how to ride her.”
Before anyone could object, he beat the air with his wings and flew away.
Iris watched him go with a scowl. Damara slunk back into the house, thinking over what was just said.
He’s going to kidnap another child? She sat against a crumbling wall, gritting her teeth. They’ll die of fright. No one else can handle this life. It’s my punishment. No one else should have to suffer it.
And what was the reason he gave? She studied her ring, trying to remember Chasm’s words, ‘They obviously think that riders make a dragon even more dangerous…’
Surely he doesn’t believe that. It’s ridiculous. Anyone could see that I’m as helpless as a kit in the jaws of a dog. I’m a burden to him, if anything.
No, she realized, eyes opening wide. I’m his protection! 
The Dragon Knight never comes close enough to fight Chasm because…because he’s afraid of hurting me! The Dragon Knight and his allies…they’re concerned for my safety!
With growing excitement, she thought, Chasm knows it, too! He lied when he saw me because he’s afraid that I’ll run off to join the Dragon Knight. 
It all makes sense.
Damara touched the sheathed dagger at her side, amazed. 
The Dragon Knight…he cares about me?
.  .  .
Damara’s short hair ruffled in the wind as she once again rode Chasm. Iris flew beside him, looking just as unhappy as Damara felt. The two dragons hung low in the air, gliding over desolate towns and empty fields. Damara could see Chasm’s head sweeping back and forth as he searched the land below, like a hawk hunting for prey.
Why is he looking here for a child? she wondered. The whole area is abandoned. What can he possibly expect to find?
But just as those thoughts ran through her head, she noticed Chasm grow tense beneath her. She peered down to follow his sharp gaze as they descended on a small, sooty village. Only one house was left standing, perched on a hill. A horse tethered nearby neighed in alarm at the approaching dragons. 
A horse? Who does it belong to? Nobles?
Damara thought she saw movement inside the house and nervously twisted the ring around her finger.
What are people still doing here?! She bit her lip. Please don’t let there be any children.
Not far from the house, Chasm alighted behind a crumbling wall on light, soundless toes. Iris did the same, grimacing distastefully. 
“Get off,” Chasm hissed at Damara and she slipped down. Next thing she knew, he was pushing her out into the open with the crown of his head, growling, “Lure them out.”
“What?” She turned to him but he was gone, having slunk his way deeper into the rubble. 
Iris still stood there, though, curling her lip back. 
“Neither of us want this,” Damara tried reasoning with her. “Why don’t you refuse?”
The garish dragon sneered from behind the wall. “Just do what Chasm tells you, slave,”
Damara seethed.
“Hey! Who are you?”
Damara spun around to see a young, blonde haired boy looking at her. She froze, for, perched on the doorway directly above him, was Chasm, staring keenly down at the child. 
The boy was clearly unaware.
“Baxter!” 
A bearded man appeared from inside the house, gripping the boy’s shoulder. His eyes squinted to scrutinize Damara. “You!” he gasped. “The Dragon Witch! Baxter, get behind me!” 
With a hasty yank, he got the boy back inside before planting himself in the doorway like a guard. Stunned, Damara couldn’t utter a word as Chasm tore the thatched roof off the house, snarling like a mad dog. Baxter’s scream came from inside and the man rushed to the boy’s aid.
Damara couldn’t see what was going on until the boy came running out. 
Chasm emerged from the broken in roof like a snake from its hole, eyes locked on the child. 
Limping through the doorway, the man yelled as the dragon leapt in front of the fleeing boy. Baxter, however, changed direction right before he was caught. He was bolting for the horse, but Damara could tell he wouldn’t reach it in time. 
I have to do something! Damara saw her chance as Baxter ran in front of her. She tackled him just as Chasm was about to pounce, wrapping her arms around the child as they tumbled down the hill.
“Baxter!”
Damara could hear the man cry out as her world spun. Splinters embedded themselves into her arms and legs. She thought she heard something snap underneath her. She couldn’t stop her or the boy’s rolling if she tried.
When the ground finally flattened out enough for them to slow to a halt, she dizzily got to her knees and blocked Baxter from view. Her head was swimming, but she could see the huddled boy was trembling. He whimpered and Damara hissed at him to be quiet.
“You caught him?” Chasm’s voice rumbled from atop the slope. “Show me.”
“He’s dead,” Damara lied quickly, keeping her back to the dragon as she sensed him drawing nearer. 
What do I do?! she asked herself, scared stiff as she realized she didn’t have a plan. Baxter was silent, fear in his eyes.
Galloping hooves sounded before her. Damara looked up to see the man arrive on horseback. “Get on!” he shouted to the boy.
Damara hurriedly helped the child to his feet and pushed him towards the horse. She saw the man haul him up into the saddle and gallop away. The moment Damara spun around, she found herself facing Chasm. She could see his eyes narrow past her as the sound of hoof beats faded.
Standing at the top of the slope was Iris. “I don’t want any human that slave of yours touches,” she whined. “Catch me a different one.”
Damara still expected Chasm to chase after the child, but instead, he rammed his massive head into her. She gasped, doubling over, struck in the stomach. The wind was knocked out of her and she fell backward, wheezing.
“Do that again and I’ll kill you.” Chasm gnashed his teeth an inch away from Damara’s face. Scrutinizing her still gasping for air, he growled, “Wait here,” and flew away. Iris followed after him.
With the dragons gone, Damara rolled onto her side, shaking and coughing. She folded her arms into her middle, her stomach throbbing in pain.
.  .  .
By dusk, Damara entered the empty house. Her body still ached but at least now she could stand. 
That man called me a witch, she remembered dismally, pulling out her flint and dagger as she saw the stove inside. Is that what all the Wystilians see me as?
Why does the Dragon Knight see me any different…or does he?
Am I wrong to think he cares about me at all?
Am I a witch in everyone’s eyes?


Chapter 14


In the morning, Damara found that Chasm had still not returned. Her stomach was terribly sore from the previous day’s encounter with the dragon’s boney head. It hurt to sit up.
There’s nothing here for me to eat, she thought, looking around at the small, crumbled village. No chickens. No grain.
She painfully climbed a tall tree nearby, perching in its topmost branches so she could look out from the leaves and see the land around her. The summer sun was warm against the back of her neck and a soft wind teased her hair.
Nothing but fields and hills, Damara observed. Where is the closest town?
She climbed down again, taking a moment to reconsider Chasm’s orders to wait here. 
What does it matter? she decided. Chasm’s going to do with me what he pleases either way. She exhaled, slowly wandering for a while until she came across Swaine River. 
Perhaps I could follow this to Swaineford. There’s bound to be food there.
.  .  .
By the next day, Damara reached Swaineford, gladdened to see that some chickens were there. Hungrily, she picked out a rooster, grimacing when it pecked her outreached hand. Undeterred, she wrung its neck and plucked its feathers. Roasting over a fire, the meat got partially burnt, just the way she liked it.
“Where are we?”
Damara froze as she heard a little child’s voice. It sounded as out of place as a kitten’s mew in the open sky. She turned, her eyes searching the rubble for its source.
“Swaineford,” Chasm’s voice answered in a voice smooth as glass.
Damara nearly choked. 
He caught a child?! 
Two figures slinked into view. Stepping back, she saw that it was Chasm and Iris. Damara stared in utter shock, for clinging to the base of Chasm’s neck was a small, redheaded girl.
No! He can’t have deceived another!
The young girl gasped, ducking behind Chasm’s scales. “Who is that?” she asked in a wavering tone.
“This is Damara,” Chasm answered the child. Then, turning his head to Damara, he added, “Right where I expected her to be.”
Damara ground her teeth. Another child…no, this can’t be true…
Chasm cast Damara a warning glare as he told the child, “She’s going to teach you how to fly Iris.” 
Behind him, Iris narrowed her eyes unhappily, but didn’t speak a word. 
“No, I won’t!” Damara refused. “Where did you steal this child from? What did you do to her family?”
“Steal her?” Chasm repeated after her, mockingly appalled. “I saved her.”
Damara looked up at the child, trying her best to look affable as she tentatively asked, “What is your name?”
The girl’s bottom lip trembled. “Fairy.”
“Fairy?”
“Oh, do tell her your real name,” Chasm told the child, frowning in disapproval.
The child bowed her head and whispered, “Faren.”
“Where is your family?” urged Damara.
Faren sniveled, tear tracks glinting off her cheeks. “I don’t know,” she cried. “I got lost in the woods.”
“But you’re safe now that I have found you,” Chasm purred. 
Damara trembled in burning hot anger, unable to think of what to say.	
“Let’s get started then,” Chasm said, grinning. “First, we’ll teach Faren how to ride on my back, since I have the ropes tied around me. Then we can find some more rope for when she’s ready to ride Iris.”
Listen to how friendly he makes himself sound, Damara thought, sick to her stomach. 
“Climb up behind Faren,” Chasm told her, “and make sure she doesn’t fall.”
Damara stood rigid. “No.” 
Chasm cocked his head menacingly at her. “We’d hate for the child to get hurt, wouldn’t we?” 
By the look on Faren’s face, she obviously didn’t catch onto the threat.
Screaming on the inside, Damara bit down on her tongue so hard that the taste of blood seeped into her mouth. I have no choice.
Shaking, she stepped forward and climbed up onto Chasm’s back, behind Faren. The child twisted around to look up at her.
“Do you know where my family is?” she asked, hope illuminating in her eyes.
Damara couldn’t respond, choked up with pity, anger, fear. 
Chasm can’t have this child! How can I help her? What can I even do?!
Faren had already slipped her scrawny legs under the rope around Chasm’s chest. Damara knew she’d just have to balance on her own.
“Ready?” Chasm asked. “Hold on.”
He spread his wings and took to the air with full, powerful strokes of his wings. Faren cried out in alarm, shrinking into Damara. Damara put her arms around the child’s middle, leaning forward, with her legs up against the dragon’s wing shoulders.
Higher and higher, the dragon ascended. Faren slumped further into Damara. Her heart jolted as she saw the little one loll with her eyes rolled back.
“Chasm, stop!” Damara cried over the wind, holding the limp child tight. “Land!”
Chasm turned his head to see them. Slowly, he descended, banking right before alighting on the ground. 
“What’s wrong with her?!” he snarled.
Damara eased the unconscious child’s legs out from under the rope and awkwardly carried her down. 
“Your slave killed her!” Iris accused shrilly, swooping in beside Chasm.
“She’s too young for this!” Damara fumed, holding Faren protectively against her chest. “She fainted.”
Chasm curled his lip back in frustration. “You never did this.”
“I’m older than her!” Damara snapped. “Probably twice her age. You can’t expect her to be as brave as I am.”
“She doesn’t need to be as brave as you are,” the dragon said in hushed, angry tones. “She just needs to be able to ride. So I suggest that you teach her before I deem her not worth keeping.”
Damara watched as he whisked away, leaving Iris to glare at her before taking after Chasm. Damara frowned down at the unconscious child’s gentle face.
You’d have been better off alone in the woods, she told her silently, laying her down in a soft bed of grass between two thick tree roots. How am I going to protect you?
.  .  .
“Damara?”
Faren’s voice roused her from her sleep, where she was cradled high up in the crook of a tree. Her eyelids lifted to reveal the child’s crinkled red hair and big, hazel green eyes peering at her.
“Where is Chasm?” the child asked nervously.
Damara straightened herself up, wincing at the tingling pain that overcame her legs. “Hopefully gone,” she groaned. “Listen, how did he get you?”
Faren looked down at her feet, wedged between branches. “Ramsey said he’d make me wings if I caught a fairy for him in the woods, but I got lost. The bugbears would have gotten me if Chasm didn’t find me first.”
“Who is Ramsey?” Damara asked, frowning. And why would he tell you such things?
“My brother!” Faren’s face brightened for a moment, then fell downcast once again. Tears began rolling down her cheeks and she whimpered, “I want my family.”
Damara looked down at her, helpless as the child’s sniveling blossomed into cries.
“Where are they?” Faren bawled. The little redhead rocked dangerously in the tree and Damara’s hands flew out to steady her. Faren took it as an invitation to nuzzle into her arms. 
Embracing the child, Damara crouched there, unsure of what to do. She couldn’t recall a time she’d held someone before to comfort them. After a little while, Faren wiped her eyes, gazing up at her.
“Do you think Chasm can find them for me?” she asked, blinking away the tears. The hope in her voice dug into Damara’s heart.
What do I say? I can’t say yes. But to tell her no…
Damara twisted the ivory ring around her finger, striving for the right words. Faren’s eyes fell on the treasure.
“Is that a magical fish?” the child whispered, full of awe. 
It gave Damara an idea.
“Yes,” she lied, slipping it off, just wanting the crying to cease. “If you wear it your wish will come true. Here. Wish for your family.”
Faren took the ring, excitement dawning on her face. But as she tried to put it on, it became clear that it was too big for the child’s little fingers.
“It won’t stay!” Faren looked as though her dreams had been torn apart like a handful of leaves. When she accidently dropped the ring, she wailed. It fell all the way to the ground, a small white band standing out against the dirt.
“Hey, hey- it’s alright!” Damara assured, willing her not to cry. “Hold on.” Eyeing the ground, she repositioned herself and leapt from the branches, causing Faren to gasp. There was a soft thud as she hit the earth, somewhat gracefully.
She picked up the ring, holding it up to show Faren. Through the ivory circlet, Damara could see the worried redhead’s face peering down at her.
“I wish for Faren to find her family again.” Damara spoke loud and clear for the child, sliding it back onto her own finger. 
Suddenly beaming, Faren clapped her hands with joy. “When will it come true?” she asked eagerly. “When do I get to see my family?”
“Soon,” Damara promised, helping her out of the tree. 
Faren’s hand held onto hers, even after the child’s feet met solid ground. Damara closed her fingers around the girl’s, gazing off into the distance.
Please, she prayed. Don’t make me a liar. 
.  .  .
The slow churning water lapped at Damara’s knees where she stood, bare-skinned as she washed her clothes in the river. Small white scars, inflicted by Chasm’s talons, marked her chest and shoulders, reminders of when he revealed who he really was. Reminders of how foolish she had been to trust him.
Cheerful ever since Damara gave her the promise, Faren skipped and played in the shallows nearby, also naked as she flung her soaked dress about with one hand.
Watching her, Damara was strangely reminded of a time when she herself ran around like that as a young child.
Where was that? she pondered, envisioning a creek surrounded by trees. And who else was there?
Then she remembered. Jacinth, a deep red dragon, had begged her to put clothes back on after her little bath in the creek. But Damara had refused. That was, until Xander came and demanded that she slip on her dress.
I suppose Xander was taking charge of me even back then, Damara thought. A tickle in her throat caused her to cough as she scrubbed her cape in the water.
“Are there any trolls under here?” Faren asked, cautiously inching towards Swaine Bridge. “Ramsey says they won’t let anyone pass under or over until you laugh at their dumb joke.”
Damara looked down at her reflection in the water. Her incredibly short, light brown hair was plastered to her head, reminding her of a wet river otter’s pelt. 
My face looks dirtied with freckles, she thought. And my eyes are as colorless as the rain.
Heavy footsteps sounded nearby and Damara looked up to see Hasten lumbering over the bridge. Faren jumped, retreating under the bridge, peering up at the dragon from the shadows, her lips parted slightly in apprehension.
There’s no reason to hide, Damara knew, bare skin gleaming in the summer sun. Clothed or unclothed, the dragons don’t care. Hasten doesn’t even seem to notice the difference.
Damara felt her ribcage under her pale skin absentmindedly. I should prepare some food for us soon, she thought. If only I could hunt for myself. Then I wouldn’t be so pathetically dependent.
A sudden coughing fit racked its way through her body and she bent over in the water. As the cough subsided, she became aware of her throat, rather sore. 
I’m feeling especially tired today…
Faren still cowered in the shadows of the bridge. Damara could sense a summer storm coming their way. A strange, sultry wind blew and dark grey clouds formed on the horizon.
Better dry off now and get to shelter, she thought, lifting her soaked cape out of the water.
Damara mounted the grassy banks, the feeling of gritty dirt between her toes. Drying off, she scanned the broken town, lips stretched grimly taut as she failed to spot any sufficient shelter. All the houses whose walls still stood had holes in their roofs. Some houses were at such a precarious balance that she was sure they’d soon crumble and add to the wreckage of the neighboring buildings.
I suppose the bridge will have to do.
Damara could feel the storm’s approach in the warm gust of wind. There was a flash of light that flickered in the clouds and distant thunder throbbed throughout. Hastily, she pulled her dress on.
“Faren,” she called. “Get dressed and help me gather rocks and kindling for a fire. Rain is coming.”
“Where are the horses?” Faren piped up, wiggling into her dress. She eagerly looked at the approaching storm. “My brother says that winged horses fly up high, with clouds as their manes and tails. The lightning is their spittle and the thunder is their whinny!”
Ignoring the child’s fantasies, Damara was about to again prompt the child to gather brush for the fire. But another coughing fit shook her slender body and she doubled over until it passed.
Kneeling to grab a hefty rock off the ground, she grimly wondered, What will Chasm do if I’m not well enough to ride? 


Chapter 15


By the time the summer storm was upon them, Damara felt terribly ill. Coughing fits shook her bones like the thunder that shook the trees outside. Thick, warm rain blew under the big stone bridge, as though aiming for the children that huddled beneath it. 
The world blanched stark white as lightning struck the sky above, immediately followed by a loud crack that seemingly shattered Damara’s ear drums. Faren wailed in fear. Their small fire was dying and Damara was far too exhausted to refuel it. She tried to calm Faren and tell her to feed the flames, but her throat closed painfully around her words. 
Damara surrendered to the ground, blades of grass stroking her strained face. As she shuddered, coughing yet again, Faren wept over her, calling her name desperately.
Damara wanted to tell her everything would be fine, but another flash of lightning lit her eyes and thunder rumbled like a cruel, chortling giant. The cape she held tight around her body was damp with warm rain. 
Faren’s wet hair draped down her back, dripping from its ends. Damara turned her head as the water dribbled into one ear. She left her mouth agape, heaving as she waited for the next series of coughs to rack her fatigued body.
Let this illness pass, she prayed miserably. And this storm. 
Have I not suffered enough?
.  .  .
“No, no! She can’t!”
Damara opened her eyes laboriously as Faren’s protests disturbed her from her sleep. Groggily, she saw the child crouching over her.
“Damara’s too ill!”
Damara’s eyes cleared enough to see that Chasm was there, frowning.
“Then come ride Iris alone,” Chasm reasoned with the child, deceptively kind. 
“I can’t,” Faren whined. “Damara needs me.”
No. Damara became angry with herself for being so weak. I shouldn’t need anyone. Get up!
She longed to rise to her feet, strong and independent. But no matter how greatly she willed herself, her body refused to move, still dogged by illness that taxed her flesh and bones.
Get up. Get up…
.  .  .
Damara awoke to the sound of Faren laughing. Opening her blurry eyes, she saw the little redhead milking a goat as it bleated, as though joining in on the laughter with its loud, obnoxious voice.
Damara closed her eyes until Faren was there, shaking her shoulder.
“Here, drink!” the child said, beaming with pride as she held out an old wooden pail to her.
Damara sat up and drank from it, relieved as the milk washed down her throat. “Thank you,” she whispered, leaning back.
Faren chirped, “Are you feeling better?”
Damara gave the child a tired smile. 
“A little.”
.  .  .
Damara sat with her back against the stone bridge, waiting for Faren to return from her quest to retrieve more chicken eggs. Besides her exhaustion, she was feeling increasingly better, with only a slight headache to remind her of the illness now passed. Bored, she fiddled with her ivory ring.
Where has Chasm gone? He hasn’t bothered us for a few days now.
What could be more important to him right now than getting Faren and I back in the air? Surely he wouldn’t attack the kingdom without us, his protection?
She ran her thumb over the smooth surface of the ivory fish, inspecting the moth whose wings connected the fish’s mouth and tail. 
Where is that child? Restlessly, Damara pulled herself to her feet, pausing to let her head clear. She should be back by now.
Walking through Swaineford, she listened for the chickens’ clucks and followed the road. 
“Faren,” she called softly. “Where are you?”
She came across the chickens but found that Faren was not there. 
She better not have wandered off, Damara thought to herself. Isn’t that how she strayed from her family in the first place?
Looking around, she realized that she could see no one. The bridge was left unguarded and no dragons stalked through the ruins or soared overhead.
Where is everyone? Damara furrowed her brow, quickening her pace as she walked the littered roads of Swaineford. 
“Faren?” she called again, her voice tinged with worry. “Faren, come out!”
Through the corner of her eye, she saw movement. 
“Faren?” Damara turned to the ruins, squinting past the sun. “Is that you?”
Suddenly, Hasten leapt from the rubble, snarling with eyes rolling. Twitching with spasms, the mountainous dragon advanced on her, flames flickering from between his furiously clenched teeth.
Damara cried aloud, jumping back. What’s wrong with him?! This was unlike anytime she’d seen him in battle. He’s gone mad!
The dragon convulsed as he stalked closer to her, thick muscles constricting like snakes. Damara turned to run, but her foot struck a stone and she toppled over. Twisting around fearfully, she stared up in horror as Hasten reared over her, about to crush her beneath his talons.
Then, in a split second, the hulking dragon was tackled from the side. Damara gasped. 
The Dragon Knight! 
Roaring, the Hooded Dragon wrestled with Hasten, snapping and clawing at the maddened beast’s underside. Flames streaked from Hasten’s mouth, glancing off the leather of the other dragon’s headgear. The Hooded Dragon blinded Hasten with a burst of his own fire.
Heavily armored, the Dragon Knight held onto his steed with unquestionable skill, thrusting his lance into Hasten’s weak spots. Damara saw glimpses of blood leaking from one of Hasten’s eyes. Her breath caught in her lungs as she watched the frenzied dragon swipe at the man, who quickly ducked. 
At last, the Hooded Dragon locked jaws with the maddened beast. 
Crack! 
In one powerful motion, he snapped Hasten’s neck.
Damara trembled as the big brute collapsed on his side, head twisted in an unnatural direction. Overcome, she turned her head to the ground and vomited. 
With nothing left for her body to reject, Damara gazed up at the Hooded Dragon. He faced her, heaving. 
“Are you hurt?” The Dragon Knight leaned over in his saddle, helmeted head pointed in her direction.
Breathing heavily, Damara shook her head, eyes wide. She could barely keep herself propped up with her arms quavering. Hair fell in her face, obscuring her vision. Shakily, she brushed it out of her eyes, not once tearing her eyes away from the knight and his dragon. The only other time she’d been this close to them was in combat.
They just saved my life! she marveled. 
“The child?” the armored man asked. “Where is Faren?”
Faren! Damara gaped at him. How does he know her name?!
Does he know my name?
Mouth dry, she stuttered, “I- I don’t know.”
The Hooded Dragon’s fatigued breathing sounded like strong gusts of wind rushing through a tunnel. Damara saw how his chest swelled and compressed. His breath was warm, like the sun.
The scales of his hide were a dark pine green, the membrane of his wings a deep blue. It was hard to read his expression with half his face covered by the leather headgear.
Damara started as she noticed the Dragon Knight reach up as if to remove his helmet.
Suddenly, there was a cry of alarm. Only then did Damara notice one of the Dragon Knight’s allies, the brown and pink female, hovering in the air. She had her head turned to something, preparing to dive- but was too late.
Chasm swept in on silent wings, seizing the Hooded Dragon. The knight was sent flying from his saddle. He hit the ground, far from the two battling dragons. 
Damara gasped, scrambling back as Chasm’s tail whipped past her. 
Oh God! she cried inwardly as she saw Chasm clamp his jaws around the Hooded Dragon’s throat and yank with violent, repeated movements. The Hooded Dragon opened his mouth wide, rasping as he writhed.
In one final jerk, Chasm ripped the dragon’s throat open, spitting flesh all over the littered ground. 
The noble beast crumpled in the dust, dead. 
A short distance away, the Dragon Knight cried out. He scrambled to get to his fallen steed but was swept up in the claws of the hovering female. The man’s desperate shouting died out as she flew off with him.
Damara fell to her knees, staring at the Hooded Dragon lying motionless beside Hasten’s body.
No, she choked. He just saved my life! No!
Chasm stood upright with eyes flashing.
He leered over the Hooded Dragon’s body, jaws slightly parted with the reek of blood on his breath, his teeth stained red.
Horrified, Damara’s gaze drifted over the dead dragon’s leather headgear, his somber mouth, his bloodied throat…
Her eyes stung and welled up with tears. 
Sobbing, she folded over, pressing her forehead into the blood spattered dirt. Her mouth stretched taut in a painful grimace. A single wavering note strained from her throat.
No, she groaned, tears mixing with the blood and dirt. He saved me from Hasten- just to be killed…
Grief stricken, she lifted her eyes as Chasm snapped his head towards her.
He sneered. “I just saved your life.” 
Damara choked on her tears, unable to object. She trembled in anger and despair.
Why?!
.  .  .
She cried even after the sun went down, left with nothing but moonlight to see her fallen savior. Once all her tears were spent, she continued to kneel in front of the Hooded Dragon, ruefully gazing at him.
I don’t even know his name, she grieved.
She wasn’t sure when Chasm had gone, or where he had gone, but she could sense that she was alone. Alone with the bodies.
The ground where she knelt was splotched red by the blood of both Hasten and the Hooded Dragon. A murderer and a savior. 
What does the Dragon Knight think of me now? 
His ally wouldn’t be dead if it weren’t for me.
It’s all my fault.


Chapter 16


Damara left the Hooded Dragon’s body at last, reminded that Faren was still nowhere to be seen. She walked onward, though not sure of where she was going as she thought of the child.
What if Hasten devoured her?
She shook her head to clear the awful vision that formed in her head. 
No, there would have been evidence of that.
What drove him mad so suddenly? She recalled the dragon’s shuddering muscles and rolling eyes. Could that happen to any dragon at any time? 
“Letting himself be killed by a mere human…”
Damara slowed as she heard Chasm scoffing nearby. She saw him a little ways away beside Iris, who rested with her back to Damara, curled around a tree.
The female snorted in contempt. “Well, what would you expect of Veer’s mate?”
“Maybe that’s what drove him mad,” Chasm jested. 
Iris snickered.
“Slain by that so called Dragon Knight and his pet monigon!” Chasm sneered. “It’s no wonder dragonkind is nearly extinct. So few are as strong and cunning as you and I. But that leaves us with a certain responsibility.” He paused for a moment, giving her a conceited look. “How can we just stand by and watch our species die?” 
Iris narrowed her eyes knowingly. 
Chasm leaned in and tenderly touched his snout to hers. “I want you to bear my offspring,” he told her. “Through them, my legacy can carry on.”
Iris frowned. “You mean our legacy.”
He snorted.
“Your legacy will live on through mine,” Chasm reassured her. “But only if you provide me with heirs.” He studied her a moment.
The garish female closed her eyes, thinking. “Very well,” she consented. Opening her eyes again, she gazed at him to say, “I will provide you with heirs.”
Heirs?! Damara hurried away. She imagined an entire clutch worth of dragons identical to Chasm and Iris, roaming about the kingdom.
The world couldn’t bear that!
Damara trudged out of the devastated town, fear billowing up inside her like the clouds gathering above her head.
A few trees stood nearby, their leaves turning red. She could feel that fall was in the air.
I hope Faren has her cloak with her, Damara worried, pulling her own cape tight around her shoulders as a chilling breeze came. Grimacing, she tugged her hood over her head, reminded of the Hooded Dragon once again.
What will the knight do without his dragon? She dropped her gaze, ashamed to think of the valiant beast as if he were mere livestock. I wish I could have heard him speak.
She remembered all the times she’d seen him fight so noble, so brave. And all the while, his eyes had been covered, his flight steered by the reins in the Dragon Knight’s gloved hands. 
Her heart quickened as she recalled how closely she had come to seeing the Dragon Knight’s face. 
He was just taking off his helmet when Chasm came and sent him flying off the saddle. 
Chasm…I’ve never seen him so ferocious before.
Is he unstoppable now? she feared. Well…Hasten is dead. Both sides are down one dragon. Which is stronger now?
Damara fixed her eyes on the scene before her. Just focus on finding Faren, she told herself. She needs you the most. 
She scanned the area, looking over rocks and trees and wide open fields. 
She could be anywhere! 
What I wouldn’t give for a hunting monigon. One of those could lead me straight to her. 
She bit her lip. Chasm could lead me straight to her. He found me in all of Wystil, just by my scent. 
Damara couldn’t decide which was the better option for Faren- being lost all alone or being back under Chasm’s control. 
But she still needs me.
Come on, think! Damara told herself, frustrated. Where could Faren be?
Hurriedly, she scaled a tree to search from above. 
She’d look like nothing more than a little red speck, Damara thought as she peered through prickly green needles of an exceptionally tall pine tree. Just another fall leaf blowing in the wind.
“Faren!” she yelled as loudly as she could from the top of the tree, knowing it was no use. 
Ravens rose from the fire-colored canopy, cawing obnoxiously just as the grey sky began to drizzle. Descending the tree, Damara tried to recall the last time she’d seen Faren, and if the child had said anything to hint at where she could find her. 
She was off to gather chicken eggs. But I searched the whole town and she wasn’t there!
Curse me, she swore angrily, pressing her forehead into the bark. Faren was there for me when I was ill. But now that she needs me- where am I?


Chapter 17


Damara sank into depression, her search for Faren having proved fruitless over the following days.
What if she drowned in the river? Damara sat beneath Swaine Bridge, neck deep in her sorrows, as Chasm dove for fish in the river nearby.
Should I ask him if he knows where Faren is? He could track her down, like he did to find me. But would that be best? She stared ahead, not sure of which was better for Faren- being lost all alone or taken back by Chasm to be with Damara. 
Chasm flew up onto the bridge, leaving her sight. 
He doesn’t even seem to care that she’s gone, Damara recognized. If he did he would have gone to find her already.
She buried her head in her knees.
Faren, she grieved. Yet another person I couldn’t save. Am I cursed? 
“Where have you been?” 
Damara was aroused from her miserable trance as she heard Chasm speak from above.
“Away,” Iris’ reply came, sounding vague and rather indifferent.
“Did you…” Chasm’s voice trailed off.
“Yes,” she answered. “I laid them at the foot of the duchess’ tree.”
Laid them? Damara’s eyes opened wide. Iris had a clutch!
“Then it’s time to strike the heart of the kingdom. It’s time to make way for our legacy.” There was pride in Chasm’s words.
‘The heart of the kingdom’? Does he mean the castle?!
“Human.”
Damara leapt to her feet in surprise and accidentally hit her head against the stone bridge. This was the first time Chasm had addressed her in a long time.
The dragon exposed his side to her, demanding, “Climb up.”
She grimaced, painfully reminded of how utterly powerless she was. Murderous, deceptive beast, she cursed him silently, stepping up to mount his back. What will your young grow up to be? Heartless like you and your pompous mate?
Damara was remarkably calm as he stalked out from under the bridge, spreading his wings.
Her breathing was steady as he flew with Iris right behind him, stopping to hover above the place where Veer lay, clearly mourning Hasten. The big, mahogany dragon lifted her solemn head. Heaving herself into the air, she joined them and the Strong Pack pointed their snouts towards the horizon, beginning their journey.
What about Faren? Damara worried as they left the ruins of Swaineford behind. She used her high vantage point to scan the ground below. At their speed, scruffy trees and smooth plains ran underneath them like a river of land. She saw flocks of goats and sheep grazing as the dragons’ shadows glided over them but not a single shepherd could be seen. Not a single human could be seen.
The Strong Pack soared onward, without glancing back, but something caught Damara’s eye. Nearly riding backwards as she twisted around, she had to stop herself from gasping. A dragon had slipped out from behind cover as soon as the Strong Pack passed over. 
The spy! She recognized him immediately, seeing him lift his head to watch them fly away. Is he looking for me?
She faced forward again, fearful of bringing anyone’s attention to the Dragon Knight’s ally. Instead, she fiddled anxiously with her ring. Does he want to talk to me? Does he blame me for the Hooded Dragon’s death?
Fastening her eyes on where Chasm was headed, she creased her brow determinedly. 
I have to know.
In the distance was what at first appeared to be a boulder. Damara straightened up for a better view. 
The Wystilian castle! Is Chasm really going to attack?
As the Strong Pack soared on, her fears were confirmed. The dragons were headed straight for the castle, passing over populated towns in plain sight. Damara could see the peasants down below, pointing and crying out in alarm at the three big reptiles sailing above their heads.
Am I going to die? Damara trembled, envisioning flocks of arrows and thrusting spears, slicing swords and brutal axes. Again, she peered down at the ground far below. Would it be better if I just jumped?
No, she thought grimly. Chasm would catch me. He still wants me as protection.
Damara gritted her teeth and dug her nails into her thighs. 
I don’t want to die!
As they came upon the castle, Damara could see people rushing to safety within its big stone walls. Warning bells struck the air, pealing relentlessly as though to cover up the screams of terrified people down below.
Damara couldn’t keep up with all the movements and writhing chaos below. She whipped her head from side to side, watching past Chasm’s flanks. 
There was a loud crunk as the castle gate was dropped. However, the closed off entrance did nothing to deter the winged dragons, who effortlessly sailed over the heavy curtain wall.
She couldn’t tell where the first wave of arrows came from, speeding towards the Strong Pack like a swarm of livid bees. All three dragons split up, dodging the arrows in their own direction.
Iris landed in the courtyard, flicking her tail in aggravation. Armored soldiers rushed up to her and she backed away from their protruding spears, flinching.
Veer flew low overhead, unleashing flames on the archers that lined the castle walls. Damara’s heart leapt in fear as she considered the possibility that one of those archers might be her brother.
Chasm hung in the sky, as though considering his options. Damara was guessing at his thoughts when a second wave of arrows caught them by surprise. She cried aloud as one grazed her left calf. 
A few arrows tore through Chasm’s wings, but he flew on, banking around to avoid a third archer attack. Commoners pressed against the walls and shook the metal gate, panicking as they found no escape.
Ignited by Veer, archers fell from the walls, smashing into peasants directly below. Screams all conjoined into one loud commotion that pummeled Damara’s eardrums. It scattered her thoughts and senses.
Where is the Dragon Knight?! The question cut through her panic again and again. She stared around, praying to see the familiar sight of the knight on dragonback, coming to clear away all the horrors the Strong Pack inflicted. 
But he was not there.
There was one scream, inhuman in nature, which pierced through all the others. Damara fastened her gaze on Iris below, who staggered with a spear shoved deep into her chest. 
Chasm exclaimed something and dived towards his mate. The armed guards surrounding Iris held up their spears as Chasm swooped over them. He had no opening. 
The magenta female continued to wail, tripping over the weapon lodged within her breast plates as soldiers advanced on her. Her hide was stained with the red of her own blood and she wheezed with jaws gaping wide open.
Then, stepping up from the crowd, one armored man thrust his spear through the roof of Iris’ yawping mouth, silencing her. The garish female slumped, head propped up by the stake in her mouth, slain.
Chasm roared, hitting ground as he landed before his dead mate, sliding a little out of control on the slick, bloody cobblestones.
The men braced themselves, their weapons extended. 
Damara stared in horror at the sharp, metal tips.
Enraged, Chasm ducked his head and charged straight into the knot of soldiers. Damara cried aloud, clinging as close to his neck as she could, feeling the dragon trample men under his feet. The group split into two, one on either side of the dragon.
Chasm lunged forward as both groups simultaneously stabbed at him. Damara lurched, struggling to stay on top. Most men missed their mark, but the spear of one sliced through Chasm’s wing to strike the back of his skull. Chasm wrenched his head to the side, snapping the weapon off as blood oozed from the wound.
Thud! The courtyard shook as Veer’s corpse hit the ground, arrows sticking out of her eye sockets.
Chasm was alone.
Raving mad, he took to the air, darting erratically to avoid the assailing arrows. Damara scrabbled desperately to hold on but she slid around, flung against Chasm’s flank, secured only by the ropes which bound her to him. Blood rushed to her head hanging just below the dragon’s belly plates. Her arms reached to pull herself up, but found nothing to grab.
The upside down world surged past her in a flurry. Eyes open wide, she saw the great curtain wall pass underneath, feeling how Chasm faltered and struggled to keep in the air.
Gasping, she folded herself upwards as the dragon skidded to the ground just outside the castle. With a violent jerk, he shook Damara loose from the ropes and she tumbled off, her cape fluttering like broken wings.
As soon as she was released, Chasm took to the air again, not nearly as weighed down but still wavering as he flew away. The shouts of men sounded above Damara and she scrambled to her feet, despite her burning leg.
Get away, get away! she willed herself, fleeing over the fields to leave the castle behind. 
I’m their only target now!
In her mind, archers gathered on the castle walls, pointing bows and arrows meant for her. She didn’t look back to see as she ran, headed towards the cover of the forest.
Chasm was long gone, having disappeared from Damara’s view. She panted, passing a house where dogs barked and bound at her heels.
At last, the dogs left her and she staggered into the forest looming before her. The fall leaves crunched loudly beneath her burdened steps and she wheezed in exhaustion, the dust of trees rushing into her throat.
Coughing, she collapsed her weary body against a sturdy oak trunk. She winced, touching her calf with feeble fingers. As tears spilled from her lashes, she saw the blood slowly seeping out of the wound in her leg.
Clenching her teeth, she ripped a strip of cloth from her tattered dress and tied it tightly around her injured leg. She wept, pain and fatigue gnawing at her bones and wearing at her muscles.
Don’t let them find me, she prayed, eyelids drooping. All her energy spent, she slumped into the fiery leaves. I need to keep going! 
Her body refused to move. 
Hasten, Veer, Iris…they’re all dead. Everyone in the Strong Pack except Chasm is gone.
He underestimated the humans. 
The thought brought the slightest of smiles to her lips.
There she lay, as rooted as the thickets that surrounded her, eyelids shutting like curtains to conceal the sideways world. The sounds of creaking wood and screeching birds was all she could hear. Eventually, she drifted off into sleep to dream of mysterious dancing lights and stamping feet.


Chapter 18


Damara awoke, aching all over. Nonetheless, she gathered herself up from the fallen leaves, testing her bloody bandaged leg with one, tentative finger. Rain drizzled through the bare trees, dampening her nose and catching on her lashes.
I should get farther away, she thought, apprehensively listening for anyone coming her way. The desolate forest rattled in the chilly wind. Dark brown twigs and branches stood out like cracks in the grey, overcast sky.
Will they hunt for me? she worried. Will Chasm come back for me?
Or am I really alone- free from all that held me?
She shuffled tiredly through the leaves, eyes to the ground, body swaying like the tough blades of grass sticking up in defiance of the fall. She had an idea of where civilization was and worked to move away from it.
With one bruised hand, she felt for her waist, thanking the Heavens that her dagger was still in its sheath. She found flint in the small, drawstring bag tied to her belt.
Surely I didn’t live through yesterday just to die today.
A nearby bush was weighed down with berries and she ate of them hastily, relieved as they brought energy to her limbs. The sound of rushing water crashed continuously in the distance and she turned her weary head to it.
The water, she found, belonged to a small creek that leaped over rocks and swept autumn leaves downstream. Terribly thirsty, she knelt beside it, dipping in her hands and letting the frigid water run down her throat. She removed the red fabric from her leg with care and submerged her calf, taking on the sting like a challenge.
With tentative fingers, she cleansed the gash of all the pebbles and straw that stuck inside of it, glad to see it wasn’t as deep of a wound as she’d originally feared.
It’s still bleeding, though, she noted grimly. It hurt to wrap up her calf again, but she did so with a fresh strip of cloth and tied it well.
She laid back, listening to the creek as it warbled on by. Her eyes searched the twisted branches above, looking for the birds whose songs crammed the air. 
Where will I go now? she asked herself, gazing up at the overcast. Is there anywhere safe for me?
She found no answer in her weary mind.
Despite her situation, a strange sense of peace settled over her. 
I am free, she thought.
But…free to do what? Die out here in the woods?
Motivated, she rose from the sandy banks of the creek, grimacing as pain shot through her leg. She had to pause as darkness crept over her vision, setting her off balance. Her hand gripped a tree branch and she waited for the faintness to pass, before limping back to the berry bush and eating some more. Looking up at a tree, her heart quickened as she spotted a bird’s nest. 
Four eggs, she counted on tiptoe and ate each one raw. 
Stepping back, Damara nearly tripped over a fallen log. She gazed down at the rotten wood infested with termite larvae for a moment, then picked one out and placed it on her tongue.  
Tasteless, she observed, chewing the gummy insect larvae as she knelt to reach for more. The sky began to drizzle and she pulled her hood on, thinking she should build a fire.
With her stomach somewhat full, Damara got back up on her feet, returning to the creek where she found plenty of rocks for a fire pit. She cleared a dry spot under an overhang and sparked a fire with her dagger and flint.
With some coaxing, the yellow flames grew, ever unfolding as she rewarded them with kindling. Damara warmed her hands over the fire, grateful for its gentle heat.
I bring life to the flame and it brings life to me. She settled back, hope filling her as she considered her situation. At last, I’m free of Chasm. He shook me off. He’s done with me.
As it began to get dark, Damara fed the fire more wood, hoping it would last her through the night. Her injured leg stuck out from under her, and she was careful not to disturb its makeshift bandages.
She narrowed her eyes at a rather large moth that fluttered towards her and landed on her shoulder. Frowning at its soft greenish-white body and feathery antennae, she brushed it off with one hand. Despite her efforts to wave it away, the moth returned, flying into her face and tickling her nose with its dusty wings.
Damara sneezed, then tried to smack it out of the air. The pale moth was sent into the flames, letting off a peculiar cloud of smoke as it ignited, its entire body disintegrating in an instant. Damara scrunched her nose as she inhaled the smoke, coughing.
That’s strange, she thought, furrowing her brow as her coughing made no noise. Her tongue felt thick and heavy, like a dead fish. She opened her mouth to test it, but no sound left her lips.
Magic? She was bewildered, staring into the flames. Did that moth just steal my voice?
She tried to hum, whistle, even shout- but still she was mute.
I don’t suppose I have anyone to talk to anyway, she reasoned. But I should hope that this won’t last forever! 
Perhaps with a good night of rest, my voice will come back.
Damara took shelter inside a hollow, its roof supported by a tangle of roots. She curled up, the feeling of utter solitude suddenly falling over her like a blanket, as she gathered her dress around her knees and waited for sleep to come.
.  .  .
In the morning, Damara awoke to find the forest invaded by a thick white fog. It took her a moment to remember where she was, staring out of the gaps of unearthed roots as the creek trickled endlessly nearby. 
Shivering, she scooted out of the earthy hollow and limped over to the fire ring, where hot embers still glowed bright orange under a sheet of pale ash. With stiff fingers, she built the fire back up, taking a few minutes to warm up in front of the flickering flames.
Then, recalling the moth from last night, she opened her mouth and tried to speak. 
Still no sound.
What?! Confounded, she pressed her fingers to her lips. How long am I going to be like this? 
Maybe if I drink from the creek…She shuffled over to the water’s edge. In the fog, it looked as though the creek came from nowhere, only to run through and disappear into the abyss again.
It’s as though the sky has fallen, smothering the forest with its clouds, she thought, dipping cupped hands into the swift water. Her body tensed up and she breathed in sharply. It’s so cold!
Her tongue was still numb and she let the frigid water wash over it, coating her throat. She was just about to retreat back to the fire when she spotted something straight across the creek from her. 
It was the teal dragon, crouched at the water’s edge like a mountain lion, eyes closed as he lapped from the creek.
Damara froze, unable to react as he lifted his head and opened his eyes to gaze at her.
“Please don’t be afraid, Damara,” he said, water dripping from his chin. 
He knows my name!
The rest of his body was seemingly lost in the fog. “My name is Tide. I want to help you.”
He wants to help me? Why?
Did the Dragon Knight ask him to?
Damara opened her mouth, ready to stammer out a hundred questions, but found that her voice had still not returned. Biting her lip in anxious frustration, she stared at him helplessly.
“Can you hear me?” Tide asked with a worried expression. 
She nodded slowly. 
The teal dragon’s eyes searched her face as though trying to read her thoughts.
Damara opened her mouth and touched her lips, willing herself to speak. But then she gave up, face crumpling, disheartened.
“You can’t speak?”
Damara shook her head.  
Tide blinked, clearly troubled.
Tell me what’s going on! she willed him, trying to speak through her eyes.
Tide gazed back at her. “I can see that you’re hurt. You need help. Will you come with me?”
Damara shifted uneasily, wincing as the gash on her leg was disturbed. 
Taking a deep breath, she nodded. 
Where does he want to take me?
Tide gave her a subtle smile, gliding over the creek to her. Standing right in front of him, Damara could see how much smaller he was than Chasm. 
He’s still taller than me, though, she noted, looking up at him.
After stamping out Damara’s fire, Tide began leading her downstream, toward Swaine River. There, he told her, they would cross over into the upper kingdom and travel into the forest. 
Oh, this is going to take a while, Damara groaned inwardly as she faltered after him. I might as well cut off my leg now!
Suddenly she tripped, unable to cry aloud as dry twigs dug into her injured calf. 
Tide turned in dismay. “Are you alright?”
Grimacing, she nodded, but found that even just standing was excruciating now. It felt as though her ankle was sprained and she stumbled into the concerned dragon.
Tide thought for a moment and his face became sullen. “I suppose I’ll have to carry you there…” 
Damara bit her lip. He was clearly just as reluctant about the idea as she was, but she couldn’t possibly walk all the way into upper Wystil herself.
Tide crouched down. With hesitant hands, she took hold of him and awkwardly hoisted herself up to straddle the base of his neck. Tide struggled to stand and she could feel him shaking underneath her. Her breath drew in sharply as he tipped and swayed.
Am I really that heavy?
The dragon took a cautious step forward. 
Why is he having so much trouble?
Somehow, they managed to travel a few steps, wobbling like an off balanced tower of rocks. It seemed rather funny to Damara and she stifled her laughter despite her missing voice, hoping he wouldn’t feel it.
Tide kept silent, clearly disgraced, picking his way along the creek. Slowly he improved his stability and Damara kept her balance so as not to throw him off. 
What a humiliating way to save someone, she pitied him, trying not to smile.
.  .  .
When they came upon the Swaine, Tide slipped into the flowing river without a word. A chill ran up Damara’s spine as she felt the cold water engulf both her legs, but the dragon kept the rest of her above the surface. 
He almost seems better suited for the water, Damara puzzled, feeling each powerful stroke of his legs as he pushed against the current, reaching the other side.
She grimaced as she looked down to see water run red from the gash on her leg.
I’ll be fine, she told herself, looking ahead in determination. It can’t be long now.
.  .  .
Damara was wrong.
Even after crossing the river, Tide trudged on for a long time, carrying her through lush undergrowth and foggy trees. His foreclaws thumped the moist ground and soggy orange leaves, almost comically as he careened precariously along.
There was no particular route he seemed to be taking. It was all unbeaten- until he staggered over it. Damara twisted around to see all the bushes and grass, flattened beneath his clumsy feet.
This is the dragon who could pass by Chasm undetected?! With me on his back, he makes a lumbering cow look graceful! 
When Tide finally decided to stop for the day, Damara nearly tumbled off his back. 
The dragon gave a great sigh, his burden now lifted.
Dismayed to see her calf slick with blood, Damara hid it quickly, noticing Tide’s eyes settle on the wound as well.
I don’t want to cause him any alarm, she thought. I’m sure I can make it the rest of the way.
“Do you feel safe here without me if I go hunt?” Tide asked her, avoiding eye contact.
Damara furrowed her brow. I can’t respond to you if you don’t look at me. 
The moment he glanced at her, she nodded.
Promising to be back before sunset, the dragon left with such nimbleness that it was hard to believe he’d been crashing through the undergrowth earlier. Damara gritted her teeth in biting determination, heaving herself up to build a fire.
With her voice stolen by the moth, her injured leg seemed to scream louder than she could.
By the time she had the flames going strong, Tide swooped in, a dead goat in his claws.
“Please, take as much as you like,” he said, dropping the carcass on the ground beside her before landing. 
Damara looked down at the goat’s bulging eyes and protruded tongue. Chasm never caught me something this big. 
She pulled out her dagger, smiling as she remembered who had brought it to her. Catching Tide’s eye, she smiled and raised the dagger in gratitude. He acknowledged her with a nod. 
Damara sliced, hacked, and sawed away at one of the goat’s forelimbs. Finally, it came loose and she readied it, happy to roast it over the fire.
Tide asked if that was all that she wanted before tearing into the carcass like a true beast of the wilderness. She tried to ignore the sickening pops and splats of whatever the dragon’s teeth came across as he ripped off chunks and swallowed them whole.
And to think that he’s actually quite gentle, she snorted, biting off her own piece of meat and relishing its burnt flavor on her tongue. I suppose everyone reveals their inner savage at times.
.  .  .
At night, Damara woke up to the sound of rain pattering around her.
I should get to shelter, she thought at first, then realized she wasn’t getting wet. Slowly, her eyes adjusted to the dark and she started, surprised to see Tide’s open wing fixed over her, like a tent.
So kind…
It felt foreign to her, a dragon going out of his way to make her comfortable. 
But then, didn’t Jacinth shelter me in this same way? she remembered as she lay still on the ground. Xander was with me then…
Turning on her side, Damara pulled her sore legs in close to her body, smiling wistfully. She felt the pleasant memory seemingly fabricate around her as she drifted off to sleep again.
‘I love you, Little Sapling,’ she heard her brother’s voice echo inside her head and a tear slipped out from under her lashes.
I love you, too. She wept.


Chapter 19


The next morning, as frost covered the ground, Tide set off with Damara huddled on his back again. He plodded further into the woods, to the point at which she wondered if he had any specific destination at all. Grey clouds overhead began raining down on them, water pelting through the bare limbs of trees. Damara became thoroughly soaked- cape, dress and hair sopping wet as Tide slopped clumsily through the leaf litter.
The water just runs right off of him, Damara observed jealously, eyeing the dragon’s slick, scaled neck before her.
At last, the rain stopped and clouds parted to make a window for the sun. She breathed in deep, willing the sunrays to dry her. The entire forest became brightly lit. Shining drops of water gathered on the bark of trees and tips of leaves until they broke free, tapping the soggy ground.
My leg hurts, she complained inwardly.
Where are we going? How long will it take for us to get there?
Tottering, she looked up to see small birds perching low in the canopy above, flitting from twig to twig as if in eagerness to keep up. She admired their fiery autumn colors, taking note of a few that bore a bright blue mark on their throats.
Tide seemed to notice the birds too, eyes glancing upward. 
“Oh, not now,” he moaned.
Even with Damara’s weight on his back, he picked up the pace, making it uncomfortably fast for her injured leg.
“What’s wrong?” she asked and Tide glanced back at her in surprise.
I have my voice back! she realized, but had little time to rejoice before the birds began shrilling overhead.
“I can’t light them,” he breathed, staring up at the screeching flock in exasperation. 
“What?” Damara asked, then cried out, startled as the blue throated ones swooped down. They targeted Tide with their sharp little beaks. A couple of them flew straight into Damara’s face and she flinched, accidentally throwing herself off of Tide. She flailed right before she hit the ground, her leg jolting with sharp pain yet again.
“Are you alright?!” Tide gasped, turning to her as birds flocked around his head like a swarm of maddened bees.
“Yes,” she groaned, but saw that he was gone, charging forward with his head tucked down into his chest.
“Wait!” Damara called after him but he kept running, the persistent little flock flashing after him as they screeched raucously. She watched them go, knowing well that he was her only chance of getting help.
Damara hobbled in pursuit, all the while wondering why the little birds were attacking him.
At last, she stumbled across a lake where the pesky blue-throated birds flocked. She could see Tide slinking beneath the surface of the lake, looking up. The birds swooped just above the water, as if waiting for a chance to continue their assault.
Panting, Damara gave a breathy laugh, seeing the bubbles rise from Tide’s mouth. All the birds’ ruckus reminded her of how the crowds cheered at the end of a market play, shouting and whistling in approval.
But then, from the other side of the lake appeared- 
Another dragon! 
Damara’s heart kicked her ribcage like a colt, but then she recognized him as another of the Dragon Knight’s allies. Still, she stepped back cautiously as the marine green beast opened his jaws wide. 
With a great breath, he unleashed a powerful blast of bright flames, engulfing the diving birds. 
What?! Damara was entranced as the birds swooped into the flames, swirling about like leaves in a whirlwind. In a few seconds, the fire disappeared and the dragon closed his mouth in a smug smile. The flock, ashen grey but apparently unharmed, dispersed into the woods.
Whoa. Damara watched the birds go. How are they still alive?! 
“Lynx!” Tide laughed, leaping out of the lake and flicking water from each foot. “Thanks.”
The dragon, Lynx, coiled back his head, smirking. “You non-firebreathers just can’t do without me,” he snorted. “But still you scorn the firesap.” 
Damara’s smile faded, unnerved by Lynx’s cockiness. She hung back, staring straight back at him when his gaze fastened on her.
“Oh, so you’re the one bleeding.” He grinned, jagged white teeth unveiled by scaly green lips. “I could smell you a horizon away- thought you might be a wounded deer or something else delicious.”
A chill ran down Damara’s back. Chasm used to compare me to prey. She bared her teeth in a distasteful grimace as Tide introduced them to each other.
Lynx nodded boredly before turning to ask him, “How many times have the phoenixes attacked you now? Seven?”
Tide cocked his head as though taking a moment to count. “Four, I think.”
“Ha!” Lynx barked with sharp laughter. “Those amorous birds just can’t understand that you’re flameless. To think they’d cross a whole mountain range and half a kingdom- all for a little fire and close quarter intimacy.” The dragon let that last word unfurl from his tongue, still grinning jauntily. 
What does that mean? Damara folded her arms. I don’t like this dragon at all.
“Shouldn’t we keep going?” she prompted Tide.
“Oh, we’re nearly there,” he answered cheerfully, nodding to a steep slope past the lake. “Just up there, actually. Here, I’ll take you.”
Damara scrambled back up on Tide’s wet back and Lynx laughed. He watched them teeter with a sharp, mocking stare. Even so, Damara held herself upright and sniffed indignantly, ignoring the pain in her leg.
I must look ridiculous, she grumbled to herself. As if I’ve never ridden a dragon before!
“You’d be better off riding a hatchling, friend,” Lynx said.
Damara shot him a glare.
Is that a path? She marveled at the cleared trail snaking to the top of the slope, the first evidence of man she’d seen since they entered this forest. Tide and Lynx cut straight up the hillside, ignoring the well-kempt path. It’s obviously not meant for dragons. They don’t even seem to notice it.
Eager to see what awaited them at the top, Damara sat up taller. As the ground leveled out before them in a grassy clearing, a stable house met her eyes. Beyond that was an orchard, and a little farther down was a hunting lodge. Her eyes widened at the sight and she slipped off Tide’s back, ignoring Lynx’s snicker of amusement as she faltered.
“There’s someone here you should be glad to see,” Tide spoke up beside her. “I’ll be right back.”
Damara watched him stride towards the house, leaving her with Lynx.
“Does the Dragon Knight live here?” she uttered, but the marine green dragon merely snorted in amusement. 
As Lynx began following after Tide, she quickly shuffled along too. Passing the stable house, she caught the sound of a horse’s neigh inside. The orchard was mostly leafless, with a large wet garden at the foot of it. Her anticipation mounted as she prepared herself to come face to face with the Dragon Knight.
Who could he be? Will I recognize him somehow?
Lynx pulled to a halt in front of the charming forest home, just as Tide stuck his head in the doorway to say something. 
Damara stood breathlessly still.
A shrill sounded inside the house and she stumbled back as a little redheaded child came darting out, charging straight for her.
“Faren!” Damara picked the young girl up and hugged her tight in a sudden wave of energy. “What happened to you?”
“Tide found me sick in the woods,” Faren chirped. “He brought me to Kara so I could get better!”
Tide rescued her, too? Damara marveled, looking up at the dragon who simpered in response. Just then, she forgot the embarrassment of riding him, awed by his good will.
We practically owe him our lives…
It hurt Damara’s mouth to smile so much as she hugged Faren again, unspeakably grateful. I thought she was gone forever, but she’s alive! Thank God, Faren’s alive!
A middle aged woman appeared in the doorway, smoothing her unshapely dress over her heavyset body. “Hello,” she greeted Damara with a well-worn smile. “I’m Kara. Can I get you anything to eat? Some stew, perhaps?”
Damara was at a loss for words, taken aback by the woman’s sudden, unquestionable welcoming. 
“Say yes, Damara,” Faren whispered in her ear as Kara waited for an answer, hands on hips with eyebrows raised.
“Oh, um…yes please,” Damara stammered, releasing Faren. “That would be very nice, thank you.”
The woman nodded, disappearing in the house again without another word.
“You’re hurt!” Faren cried, tugging on the hem of Damara’s dress and pointing at the wound on her leg.
“I’m fine,” she tried to reassure the child, but Kara came to see and demanded that she come inside. 
“Damara, I have to go talk to someone,” Tide told her, opening his wings. “But I promise we’ll be seeing each other again in good time.”
Damara glanced at Faren and then back at Tide. “Alright,” she said and Tide bade her farewell, taking to the air. “Thank you!” she called after him and watched him disappear. Unable to object as the large woman bustled her inside, Damara found herself in a chair. 
Kara knelt, tending to the gash on her leg. Faren watched with concern.
“Dear Lord,” Kara muttered. “How did you get such a nasty wound?”
“An arrow grazed me,” Damara answered quietly, trying not to wince as the woman prodded the injury. 
Creases formed on Kara’s aged brow as she raised her eyebrows, but she said nothing. Long brown hair, invaded by silver strands, slipped from the bun on the back of her head. She tucked the locks behind her ears. 
“It’s infected,” the woman said, shaking her head. “No, this simply won’t do. Did you even try to keep it clean?”
Damara didn’t answer, gritting her teeth in pain. Faren gawked at the wound until Kara sent her to fetch clean bandages and a bowl of water.
At last, with her leg freshly bandaged, Damara was given a small loaf of bread and a bowl of stew. Faren hung on the table, gazing at her with large, watchful eyes as Damara ravenously dipped into the food.
“There’s a griffin in the stables that thinks he’s a horse,” Faren whispered. 
“Oh?” Damara pretended to believe her, biting into her bread.
“And there’s a talking wyvern that sits on my shoulder,” Faren said, delighted. 
Damara laughed with her mouth full. That sounds like something I’d have said when I was younger.
“I don’t see the wyvern,” she jabbed playfully. “Is it an invisible one?”
Faren stared at her, wide eyed. “Is it?” she hushed in amazement, swiveling her gaze around the room. 
“I don’t know,” Damara said mischievously. “Perhaps it bathed in a pool that turned it invisible.”
Perplexed, Faren blinked twice. “Really?”
What am I doing? Damara suddenly realized, I shouldn’t encourage her fantasies. She might wander off again.
She looked to Kara, who was busying herself with stowing a variety of vegetables into a sack. “Do you live alone here, Kara?” she asked. 
Kara looked up with a sad smile. “Sometimes it seems that way. My brother is often gone and my parents passed away quite some time ago.”
“I’m sorry,” Damara murmured. 
“How did they die?” Faren asked. 
Damara gritted her teeth, hoping Kara wouldn’t be offended by the child’s curious question.
“My mother died when my brother and I were still very young,” the woman replied, unfazed. “Naturally, since I’m the older sister, I took on the role of being the woman of the house.” She smiled, as though proud. “Our father was a game warden, skilled in many ways. Even the king was able to appreciate my father’s talents and they went on a fair number of hunting expeditions together.”
“So you met the king, too?” Damara was impressed.
“Oh, yes. And my brother became good friends with the king’s son, Chadwick. That is,” Kara’s face darkened, “until Chadwick took the throne and banished my brother over a misunderstanding.”
Is that why her brother isn’t here? Damara wondered. Because he was banished? She doubted King Chadwick would even know if Kara’s brother were still around, given all that was going on.
“My very own donkey is here!” Faren boasted. “And Kara once took care of the Princess’ horse for a whole year!”
“Actually, three years,” Kara corrected her. Tying up a bag full of garden goods, she shook her head, saying, “That horse was jumpier than a pond’s worth of frogs…far too skittish for her own good.”
Why did she have to take care of the Princess’ horse? Damara wondered. Couldn’t the castle stables hold it? She pushed the empty bowl away from her, her stomach well satisfied.
“Thank you for the food,” she murmured. “It’s the first real meal I’ve had since…” She trailed off, biting her lip as she realized just how long it had been.
“Don’t mention it,” Kara replied, facing her. “So tell me, where did you come from?”
Damara nervously twisted the ivory ring around her finger. “Rookton,” she answered. The town’s name sounded almost foreign to her, after such a long time.
“Rookton? That’s rather close to the castle.” Kara crossed her thick arms, thinking. “How did you get caught up with Chasm, then?”
Thrown by the bold question, Damara’s mind raced. Do I tell her the truth? Do I lie? Do I answer at all?
“I-” she hesitated, “I was tricked.”
“Tricked. Hmm.” Kara pursed her lips, but pressed for nothing more. Absentmindedly, she looked over all the bags of food lined up against the wall. “That should last them for a while…” she muttered quietly to herself.
‘Them’? Damara wondered. A sound came from outside and she turned her head to it, as did Kara and Faren.
“Ah, they’re here,” Kara told Damara, smiling as she walked towards the doorway. “Come. There’s someone you should meet.”
Damara followed her outside as quickly as she could limp. Faren sped past as giddy as a frolicking foal. The forest light was dwindling, dimmed by the thick overcast of grey. 
Immediately, Damara recognized the brown and pink female dragon that landed on the grass not far from the house. Damara’s heart thrummed against her chest in uncontainable excitement as she saw a fully armored man dismount from the winged reptile’s back. 
The Dragon Knight!
Faren ran up to him, bouncing up and down until he took something from his shoulder and placed it with care into the child’s outstretched hands. Faren skipped away to the garden, twirling about.
“Brother,” Kara called to the mysterious man, grabbing Damara’s trembling hand and pulling her forward. “Look who’s here!”
The Dragon Knight turned to them, striding forth and Damara drew in her breath, staring as he lifted the helmet from his head.
“Hello, Damara,” the man greeted, stopping right in front of her. His eyes were engaging, his hair dark brown, his body well-built, though visibly weary. 
Despite the fatigue that seemingly dogged his every move, he gave her an earnest smile and said, “I am Tyrone.”



Chapter 20


The Dragon Knight.
Damara stood dumbfounded, as though she had lost her voice again. 
So cordial…
He doesn’t hate me after all?
The saddled female dragon stepped up from behind him, gazing at Damara in a friendly way. “My name’s Rosefinch,” she rumbled, brown scales rippling over solid, able muscles. The color of her belly plating was a soft, flowery pink.
Damara forced her parched-dry mouth to work. “Hello,” she managed quietly.
“Damara, look!” Faren was suddenly there, beaming as she held something out. “She matches your ring!”
Damara was startled at first, then gawked as she realized what the child was holding- a marble white wyvern with beady red eyes.
It can’t be! She nearly forgot the Dragon Knight’s presence as she gaped at the whimsical creature. I saw you attacked by a falcon! How are you still alive?!
The wyvern turned her head and gave her a one-eyed stare, just like a hawk. “Do you remember me?” it asked in perfect imitation of Damara’s younger voice.
“I don’t believe it,” she uttered. 
“Take her!” Faren offered, practically forcing the winged monigon into Damara’s shaking arms.
Damara held the wyvern in loosely cupped hands, still goggling like an idiot. Most of the creature’s body was limp in her grasp, as though it couldn’t move.
“She’s crippled?” Damara asked, dazed. 
“Half of her, yes. Ever since she was attacked,” the Dragon Knight, Tyrone, said. Damara stared up at him, overwhelmed by shock. “It’s a miracle my sister even found her.”
Kara snorted. “No, it’s just that that wyvern of yours is outrageously intelligent.” She turned to Damara. “I just happened to be walking nearby when I heard Tyrone whistling for his horse. But I knew it couldn’t be him, so I followed the sound to find that it was just her, lying there injured.” Kara gestured to the creature in Damara’s hands, shaking her head as though she still couldn’t believe it. “She sounded just like him.” 
“What’s her name?” Damara asked, her mouth dry. 
“Ivory,” Tyrone answered her with a smile. “My father gave her to me when I was a lad.”
“Except, she was much different then,” Kara grunted. 
The corner of Tyrone’s mouth lifted. “Yes, that’s right. She used to be a bird.”
“A bird?” Faren chirped.
“A hunting falcon, to be exact,” Tyrone replied. He grinned, asking his sister, “Remember our surprise when she flew off, only to come back again clad in scales? You couldn’t believe that she was still the same animal.”
Kara gave a warm laugh. “Could you?” she asked. “It’s amazing what that little firesap fruit can do to things.”
“Tyrone, look!” Faren piped up, spreading her arms wide. “I’m all better now!”
The man smiled at her. “I can see that,” he said.
“Now you can take me to my family- like you promised!” the child declared.
Damara perked up with interest.
Faren’s family is alive? Where are they?
Tyrone handed his knight’s helm off to his sister. “That’s right,” he told Faren. “But I’m afraid we’ll have to wait a little longer for Damara to recover.”
Damara stiffened with surprise as she saw Tyrone’s gaze settle on her bandaged calf. What does he mean? she puzzled, embarrassment suddenly winning over the pain in her leg. Why should they wait for me?
“I packed all the food for the refugees,” Kara told her younger brother. “Maybe Rosefinch could fly it over tomorrow?” She redirected her eyes to the dragon that stood there.
“Of course,” Rosefinch purred. “Just load me in the morning and I’ll take it all over.”
“Very good,” Tyrone agreed, passing a hand over his tired face. “That should lift the people’s spirits.”
Defending the towns and taking care of a refugee camp? Damara was astounded, staring up at the man. How does he manage?
“Alright,” Kara said, clapping her hands together. 
Ivory imitated the sound impeccably, proving that her parroting skills went well beyond just voices. Damara thought the wyvern looked smug, resting limp in her palms.
“Let’s get inside where the fire is,” Kara decided, leading the group back to the house. Damara let everyone pass her, standing awkwardly with Ivory in her hands before hobbling after them.
Rosefinch stepped aside to let her into the house but she lingered in the doorway, hesitant to enter.
“Can I help you with anything?” Tyrone asked his sister inside the warm home.
“Yeah, you can stop working yourself so hard,” Kara grumbled, setting his helmet down on the table top. “I swear, you’ll run yourself into the ground going on like this.”
Tyrone smiled, fatigue creasing his charming face. “I’ve missed you,” he told her, reaching out to embrace her.
“Oh no, not with that armor,” the large woman refused, pushing him away all in good humor. “Hugging you is far too uncomfortable. I told you that already!”
Rosefinch laughed in Damara’s ear, nearly making her drop the flightless wyvern on the ground. Faren’s sparkling eyes turned to the doorway and she giggled. 
Damara watched Kara and her brother with a tinge of sadness as she thought of Xander. 
I used to slip out of his embrace, too.
Why was I so cold to him?
“Here, Ty. Let me take that armor off your chest,” Kara insisted, reaching to help him out of his metal breastplate. “This is your home, not a battlefield.”
Damara simpered to herself as she saw Faren cautiously poke the knight’s helm. The child whipped her head around as soon as she touched it, clearly wondering if she’d been caught. But neither Tyrone nor Kara paid her any mind as they slowly got each metal plate off of Tyrone, piling them up near the stove.
“When did you last eat?” Kara asked suspiciously as they finally got Tyrone down to a mere tunic and leggings. 
Tyrone scratched his chin. “Um…” he droned, but came up with no answer.
“Ty, for shame!” his sister scolded him, rushing to ladle out a bowl of stew. “Now sit here until you finish this, you hear me?” She pointed at a chair, placing the bowl and an entire loaf of bread on the table.
Tyrone grinned reluctantly, sitting down to eat. He looked up from his food at Damara, where she still lingered in the doorway. 
“Please, come and sit,” he requested of her, gesturing to the chair across from him. “Have you eaten yet?”
Kara snorted. “You think I’d let my guest go without food?” she huffed, bustling about to build up the fire in the stove. “Don’t you know your own sister?”
Damara took a seat at the table, self-consciously smoothing her dress over until Faren begged to sit on her lap. She carefully set Ivory down on the table before pulling the child up, trying not to grimace as Faren’s foot bumped her injured leg. 
Tyrone dipped a piece of bread into his soup. Damara felt exposed as she noticed his eyes searching her face. 
“There’s a lot I’d like to know,” he admitted, taking a bite of his food.
Damara bit her lip, readying herself for interrogation as he swallowed. Faren’s little body was warm on her lap and she hugged the child closer, seeking comfort.
Tyrone paused, thrumming on the table with a thoughtful expression. “On my way here, Tide told me that he found you near the castle, alone in the woods. Why is that?”
Doesn’t he know?
Damara took a deep breath. “Chasm shook me off when he fled the castle,” she said. “He was hurt and I guess I was weighing him down too much.”
“So he actually attacked the castle,” Tyrone murmured, contemplating.
“The Strong Pack did, yes. Iris and Veer were killed in battle, leaving Chasm as the last one of them all, since Hasten was already killed by-” She cut herself off, eyes widening as she remembered how the Hooded Dragon saved her life, only to be murdered immediately afterward.
Tyrone’s eyes filled with sadness, clearly recalling what had happened. “I suppose there’s a lot you’d like to know as well.” He sighed after a moment, pushing his meal aside to focus in on Damara. 
Damara held Faren closer, nodding timidly. “Will you…tell me who the Hooded Dragon was?”
“The Hooded Dragon?” Tyrone smiled a little. “You must mean Stag.”
Stag, she repeated the name to herself, envisioning the dragon’s leather masked face. Stag is the one who saved me. Stag is the one who died for me.
“Long ago, Stag was attacked by rogues,” Tyrone began. “They blinded him, leaving him helpless as they went on to kill his mate.” He exhaled grimly. “After that, he wandered sightlessly for a time before stumbling across this place, where a stabled horse was the only prey he could catch for himself.” 
“That was our father’s favorite horse,” Kara mourned out loud, shaking her head.
“In time, we gained Stag’s trust,” Tyrone said. “Kara and I tried our best to clean out his wounds, but his eyes were well beyond saving. This was before the Strong Pack began their invasion on Wystil, but we knew of King Chadwick’s loathing of dragons. And so we offered Stag a place here with us, where the forest could keep him safely concealed. He accepted and we became good friends.
“Kara,” he continued, “was kind enough to make a saddle and headpiece for Stag, a skill she learned from our father. And with me as his eyes in the air, Stag was able to fly again.”
So that’s why he wore the mask…
“Over time,” Tyrone went on, “we met Tide, Rosefinch, and eventually Lynx. When the Strong Pack began its assault on Wystil, we agreed to do everything in our power to defend the towns.”
There was a moment of silence in which only Faren’s soft snoring could be heard. Damara looked down at the child, just now noticing that she was asleep.
They have done everything to defend the towns, she thought. Stag even gave up his life.
Just to defend me.
Her eyes stung as tears welled up inside of them, falling like raindrops into Faren’s crinkled red hair. 
“I’m so sorry,” she choked out. “I shouldn’t have just stood there. I should have known that Chasm would come-” Her voice cut out, muted by grief.
“It’s not your fault,” Kara reassured her from behind with a touch on the shoulder.
Damara looked up at her, beads of water tickling her cheeks as they traveled down her face. 
But he gave his life for me…
Tyrone looked uncomfortable and he focused in on finishing his meal. 
Embarrassed, Damara wiped away the tears. 
After a while, Kara offered to put Faren to bed, lifting the sleeping child off Damara’s lap. She also took the empty bowl from Tyrone, who thanked her quietly.
“Oh…” A thought occurred to Damara and she loosened the belt from her waist, holding it up with its dagger sheathed inside. “I think this is yours.” She put it down on the table for him to take, avoiding his gaze. 
With a glance, she saw him smile. 
“No, you keep it,” he said, picking it up only to hand it back. “I have a new one now.”
Damara took it, face burning in bashfulness. “Thank you,” she mumbled, focusing more than necessary on her hands as she fastened the belt around her waist. 
She sat breathlessly still, waiting for him to speak again.
“You don’t have to talk so loudly,” Ivory muttered from where she sat still on the table, causing Damara to jump. “Just because I’m blind doesn’t mean I can’t hear you.”
What? Damara stared at the wyvern, who cocked her head like an inquisitive bird. Who is she imitating now?
Tyrone smiled sadly. “Stag,” he murmured, as if to answer her unstated question. “His words were few and rarely heard, but it seems that Ivory managed to catch some of them anyway.”
That was Stag’s voice? Damara was astounded. It sounded so…reserved. Indifferent. 
She wished Ivory would repeat it again, but the wyvern remained silent.
Oh, if only I could have thanked him…



Chapter 21


Damara awoke to the sound of Faren laughing. She stirred where she lay, opening her eyes to the sideways room that flickered with warm light cast from the stove. Faren wasn’t where she’d been when Damara lay down to rest, and the house appeared empty of everyone else. 
Am I the last one to awaken? Damara thought. Somehow, it embarrassed her and she gathered herself to sit up, wincing in pain as her bandaged calf chided her. 
Is that snow? Damara gazed just outside to see an icy white glare battling the warm yellow light of the house. Aching terribly, she got up and limped to the doorway.
The entire scene before her eyes was covered in snow, heaping on the branches of forest pine and smothering the ground. An early winter chill met her face, making her eyes water.
She could see Tyrone not far away, loading Rosefinch with the bags of vegetables from yesterday. It looked like quite a burden, but the strong female held herself upright, looking almost proud as more weight was slung over her back.
Faren was playing in the icy garden and snowy orchard, running about with Ivory in her arms. The wyvern shrilled as Faren laughed, peering past the child’s wild red hair.
‘There’s a talking wyvern that sits on my shoulder,’ Damara recalled Faren telling her. 
Hmm. What other tales of hers are true? She looked to the stables hidden behind the orchard, half wondering if she could find a griffin inside as the child had claimed. A smile played on her lips as she was reminded of how it felt to be young and gullible.
“Good morrow.” Kara startled her, waiting to enter the house with a bundle of clothes in her arms.
“Oh, sorry,” Damara said quickly, shuffling aside to let the large woman through.
Kara raised her eyebrows at her. “No need to apologize,” she replied. “Here, I dug this out of an old trunk for you. Those clothes of yours have served their purpose long enough.” She held out a dress and cloak.
“Thank you,” breathed Damara, taking them. 
“Well, it’s not like I’d fit them anymore. How is that leg of yours?”
“Getting better now that you’ve treated it.”
Kara snorted. “Don’t thank me until we find what a nasty scar it leaves,” she muttered, bustling past. “I doubt it’ll be flattering on you, to say the least.”
Damara stifled a laugh. Why would I care about that?!
Tyrone nodded to Rosefinch as she took off, sacks of food dangling at her sides. Damara watched the female fly away. Against the white, seemingly feathered sky, even the dragon’s brown hide stood out like an ornament. 
How long does she have to fly for? Damara wondered, squinting into the winter brilliance. Is the refugee camp far?
Still pondering this, she went inside to change into her new clothes.
On her way out again, she started. Another dragon was approaching on erratic wings. Stiffening in fear, she thought of Chasm. But as the beast banked in descent to land on the freshly powdered ground, she relaxed. 
It’s only Lynx. 
But still…
She curled her lip back in distaste.
The marine green dragon bobbed his head in comical self-satisfaction as two men dismounted him, heavy boots thudding the ground.
Who are they? Damara wondered, seeing the bows in their hands and quivers slung over their shoulders. And why would they ride Lynx?
Tyrone strode up to meet the newcomers, speaking words too low for Damara to catch. But as she watched him and the bowmen walk to the stables, she figured, They must be going hunting.
“Look who’s awake,” Lynx remarked, swaggering up to her. “Unsaddle me, will you? I hate how this thing hugs me.” He exposed his side to her, revealing the leather straps buckled around his neck and chest.
“No.” Damara repelled at the thought of touching him. “Ask someone else.”
“Well!” Lynx exclaimed sarcastically. “Then I guess I’ll just ask the frisk.”
The frisk? Damara followed his eyes and tensed as she realized he meant Faren. 
“Fine,” she muttered, reaching out to undo the iron buckle over his plated breast. She kept frigidly silent as she walked around him to handle each clasp and buckle.
“About time!” Lynx said when she finished. He shook the saddle off and it fell with a crunch into the snow. “How did Stag bear wearing that thing all day?”
“This was Stag’s?” Damara immediately lifted the heavy saddle up from the ground, handling it with upmost respect. 
Lynx gave her a funny look. “Obviously. How many dragon saddles do you think there are?”
Damara felt her face grow hot. “I just never expected anyone to let you of all dragons wear it,” she slighted.
Lynx gave a sharp laugh. “They shouldn’t! I hate that thing. I want to burn it.”
Damara said nothing, but merely reflected on how much she disliked the dragon standing in front of her.
“Where should I put it?” she finally asked, heaving the saddle up over her shoulders. 
“I don’t know,” Lynx snorted. “Go throw it in the lake.” 
And with that, he walked away.
Overblown whelp, she thought, watching him go. 
Only when he disappeared into the woods did she carry the saddle to the stable house, finding that Tyrone and the archers had already left. I’m sure they’ll see this when they come back, she decided, tenderly placing the saddle inside. 
As she exited the stable house, Faren skipped up to her, ice flakes caught in her crinkled hair.
“Damara!” the child chirruped. Ivory cocked her fair head, staring over Faren’s shoulder with deep red eyes. The claws on Ivory’s wings were snagged on the little girl’s dress, holding her in place despite her half-crippled body. Faren gave a big smile.
“Good morning,” Damara greeted.
“Kara says it’ll be harder to get food for everyone now that it snowed,” Faren said, childishly merry.
“Oh?” Damara looked to the garden weighed down by a bed of icy white.
Hopefully Tyrone will catch something.
“Come in and eat, you two!” Kara called from the house and the girls obeyed.
How can things have improved so much for me? Damara was bewildered, watching the steam unfurl from the bowl of porridge set before her. I can scarcely believe it.
But with Chasm still out there…and his clutch… 
Something still needs to be done.
.  .  .
Tyrone and the other men returned on horseback, bringing with them a dead buck and a couple of rabbits. Damara stood nearby, anxiously waiting to talk to Tyrone. Faren shrieked as she saw the deer, burying her face in Damara’s dress. 
I need to tell Tyrone about Iris’ clutch, she worried, distractedly petting Faren’s head. We need to destroy them before even more dragons like Chasm and Iris are loosed into the world. What if they’ve already hatched? How long do we have until the Strong Pack is reborn, even stronger than before?
Kara came to carry Faren away from the dead animal, telling her not to cry. Tyrone took out his knife as he knelt at the carcass, ready to skin it.
“Tyrone,” Damara spoke quickly and he looked up at her. 
She bit her lip, hesitating.
“Here,” Tyrone said, handing his blade off to one of the men. “I’ll be back.”
Damara clenched her teeth as she saw the way the strangers looked at her.
Do they think I’m a witch?
Tyrone gave her a tired smile as he stood and led her into the frosted garden. “What is it?” he asked.
Damara gazed down at the snow-burdened plants, their green stalks barbed with ice. “There’s something you should know,” she mumbled, scuffing the frozen ground. A frigid wind tested her new, heavy cloak.
“Then tell me,” Tyrone welcomed openly. “I should be glad to hear it.”
Damara looked up at him, angst piercing her as she thought of Faren, Catherine, Xander…all the people she loved. She feared for their lives.
“Chasm and Iris had a clutch,” she said. 
Tyrone’s face slackened in shock. “When?”
Damara swallowed uneasily. “This past fall.”
“Then they’ll hatch this spring,” Tyrone uttered to himself, running his fingers through his short brown hair. “Do you know where the clutch is?”
“Iris said she laid it at the foot of the duchess’ tree. I know she used to be a slave of the Golden Dragon. Do you think that’s who she meant by the ‘duchess’?”
“It sounds like it…” He stared into space, clearly swarmed by thoughts.
It scares him too, Damara thought, heart wavering as her fear increased. She had hoped that he’d take it coolly and tell her that he’d handle it. Yet there he stood, overwhelmed and wordless. 
Is it even worse than I imagined?
“I can’t abandon the refugees.” Tyrone gritted his teeth. “But we need to get that clutch away from Chasm…If we don’t then…No, we can’t let that happen…”
Damara listened to him think aloud. An icy twig brushed her bare ankle and she shivered, pulling her cloak tight around herself. “What are you going to do?” she asked anxiously.
Tyrone shook his head. “I’ll have to send someone out for them,” he spoke finally, stretching his lips taut. “Tide would be best…”
“But what of Chasm?!” Damara yawped. 
He’ll murder Tide like he did Stag!
“Tide is small,” Tyrone said. “He can scout out the clutch’s location and come back without being noticed. He was one of the Golden Dragon’s slaves, too, so he should have a better idea of where her tree is.”
“But-” Damara protested.
“He’ll be alright,” Tyrone assured her. “How many times did he come when you were with Chasm? You only saw him because he wanted you to.”
Damara bit her lip.
He’s just so weak, she feared, recalling how he struggled to walk with her on his back. Chasm would kill him in an instant.
She opened her mouth to suggest sending Lynx instead, but Tyrone interrupted her.
“Please excuse me.” 
He apologized quickly and left her where she stood, alone in the frigid garden.
.  .  .
Damara could do nothing but worry all throughout the day. By the time the bright winter sky dimmed to dusk, the strain had exhausted her. She sat inside with Faren and Kara, leaning her head against the table.
“Lady ghosts are always trying to steal real girls’ hair,” Faren chattered. “My brother says they wear it on their heads to make real men fall in love with them. He says it makes the ghosts feel alive again.”
Damara gave no response, tired of the child’s endless stories. She wanted Tyrone to come and put her at ease. To tell her that everything was alright, that Chasm was dead, the clutch destroyed, the kingdom safe.
She wanted to hear that she could return to her brother, welcomed and forgiven.
But Tyrone still didn’t come.
Instead, from the darkening outdoors came a sound strangely familiar to her. She lifted up her weary head, furrowing her brow. Faren also looked up, wonder filling her eyes as the queer, strung out melody pulsed through the eerie white forest.
“Ah, Clyde,” Kara said from beside the stove. She stood up, bidding the girls follow her out the door.
Clyde, Damara remembered. I nearly forgot about him. Maybe he can help us destroy the clutch!
Hope bringing life to her limbs, she limped outside to stand with Kara and Faren, staring out into the dark. 
“The ghosts are singing,” Faren said in hushed tones as Clyde’s unusual song reverberated around them, from all directions it seemed.
The light of the house cast a warm glow on the snow before their feet. But beyond that, the most that could be seen was the silhouettes of the trees, with a great expanse of stars spattering the dark night sky. 
Then, just as the melody reached its loudest tone, it dropped like the feather of a bird, drifting, fluttering, and finally dying out. 
As enchanting as an angel walking the earth, Clyde’s silvery white form stepped into the soft glow, causing Faren to peep in fright.
“Greetings, friends,” Clyde purred. 
“Hello, Clyde,” Kara responded, motioning towards the girls that stood by her side. “Meet Faren and Damara.”
Clyde turned his charming gaze on Damara. “It’s a pleasure to cross paths with you once more.”
“Do you know where Iris and Chasm’s clutch is?” she blurted.
Clyde cocked his head. “Iris and Chasm had a clutch? How very grand!”
Grand?! She wanted to ask him what he meant, but he’d settled his gaze on Faren, who clung tightly to Damara’s cloak.
“Hello, Faren,” he hummed sweetly. “You have lovely hair.”
Faren blinked up at him bewilderedly. “Are you a ghost dragon?” she whispered.
A warm chuckle rumbled from deep within Clyde’s throat. “No, I’m afraid not. But that’s an intriguing thought, all the same.”
“What brings you here?” Kara asked. 
“I have heard of Stag’s death.” Clyde tucked his chin into his chest mournfully. “It brings me great sadness to know that an old friend has died. I’ve come to pay my respects.”
“We couldn’t bury him here.” Kara raised her eyebrows in surprise. “I’m afraid you’ll have to go to the ruins of Swaineford for that.”
Clyde closed his eyes, a curious smile on his lips as he breathed in. “Well, you see,” he sighed. “I should like to pay my respects in a different way. Stag has an interesting story to be told, you know.”
What is he getting at? Damara puzzled.
Beside her, Kara smiled knowingly. “Then we should like to hear it,” she replied. “Would you like to come inside?”
What?! Damara was confounded. She’d only ever seen dragons stick their heads in through doorways to peer inside, certainly not their entire body.
But Clyde was thrilled by the idea. “It’s been so long since I’ve been inside a house!”
“Come on, girls,” Kara said, brushing both Faren and Damara back inside. “Sit down so Clyde can fit through.”
Faren jumped eagerly in front of Damara as she sat in her chair. “Can I sit on your lap? Please, please!”
Damara allowed the child, still shaken by the fact that a full grown dragon was about to enter the house. How will he even fit?
She watched as Clyde stuck his head in, swiveling his eyes around the room before stepping in even further. He got in as far as his shoulders, having to pull his wings in tight to squeeze between the beams of wood. Chuckling, he wriggled and heaved to push through. There was a moment in which Damara feared the doorway would split wide apart as his silvery body filled the frame to the edges.
It was alarming for Damara to watch. Not just because the wood of the doorway creaked and groaned as the dragon forced his way in, but because it felt like an invasion on her human life. 
Faren, however, couldn’t be happier. She nearly screamed with laughter, bouncing her little bottom on Damara’s sore thighs. The healing wound on Damara’s calf stung, but she paid it no mind, staring in amazement as Clyde finally pulled through.
There, he compacted himself as much as possible to avoid knocking anything over, with wings drawn in tight and all four legs gathered.
“Amazing,” he breathed, taking care not to stick his neck too far out as he gazed about, eyes filled with wonder. His silvery white body took on a yellow sheen as the light of the stove embraced him. He nearly looked golden.
“There,” Kara declared, clapping her hands once together as she sat in a chair. “A perfect fit.”
Hardly! Damara protested silently. How will he even get out? That doorway isn’t going to stand it. He’ll have to smash through the roof!
Faren’s laughing fit subsided to an unstoppable giggle, which bubbled like a stream from her childish grin. She squirmed in Damara’s arms.
“Sit still!” Damara hissed in the child’s ear, aggravated as her bandaged leg was disturbed. Faren managed to calm down, sitting quietly in her lap with a mere titter escaping her lips once or twice.
Damara calmed her nerves, reminding herself that, despite Clyde’s alarming size, he was harmless by nature. 
Just look at him, she reasoned with herself. He stares around at the house as if it were a wonder to behold. What beast admires architecture? 
“Well,” Kara urged the dragon, settling back as though hosting a dragon inside her house was a normal practice for her. “Please do tell us- what is Stag’s story?”
Clyde grinned, charismatic despite his awkwardly cramped position. “Yes, let me think. Where is the beginning of this fascinating tale I’ve promised to tell…”
Promised? More like insisted on telling.
“First, let me say that what I am about to tell you is nothing but the absolute truth, Stag’s words and that’s all. He told me this some time ago and I’ve done my best to preserve it down to every last detail.”
Didn’t Tyrone say Stag was a dragon of few words? Damara was skeptical, but listened anyway as Clyde drew himself up and began.
“Stag,” he presented, “was a Colonist, as was his mate, Autumn- a beautiful female, whose scales caught the morning light like dewdrops on roses. As young lovers, she and Stag accepted the Gift of Fire together, a grave mistake beyond their knowledge at the time.”
He went on to tell them how rapidly life became worse for the dragons. First, the truth of the firesap’s fatal grip was revealed, then came a drought, then a battle with Wystil…He called it a series of terrible discoveries and mishaps that hit them like ocean waves against the cliffs, one after another.
The shimmering dragon drew himself up grimly and stared off. “At last, the Colony could bear it no more. They decided to abandon their cursed land and migrate over the sea, in hopes of finding someplace new.”
Clyde locked his eyes with Damara, startling her as he said, “Few people were fortunate enough to witness the leaving of the Colony. But among those special few were the Wizard, Princess Theora…and a weeping young girl, held back by her brother as the dragons disappeared over the horizon.”
Vivid memories blinded Damara as she recalled the sight. Even more keenly, she recalled the feeling of being left behind, abandoned by those she’d come to know and love.
Clyde dropped his gaze, sweeping the ground with his eyes, as he went on to tell of the Colony’s long and futile journey over endless ocean. Stag and Autumn, the dragon said, finally lost hope that they would ever find a place. And so, together they turned back. 
But the lovers lost their way, with no place to land and rest during their awfully long flight.
Clyde drooped and swayed, brushing the walls with the tips of his folded wings and curled tail as he said, “Stag became weary, but Autumn even more so. He found he could do nothing as his love faltered in her flight, giving up at last to slip into the black, glossy waters.” 
Clyde exhaled, slumping all the way to the ground as he hushed and closed his eyes. 
His audience watched him without breathing. As Faren leaned in, captivated, Damara had to keep her from falling off her lap.
Clyde’s eye slid open, slow as a slug.
“But then,” he whispered, so quietly that Damara had to strain her ears to hear him, “something moved deep within the ocean, drawing closer and closer to the place Autumn had gone under until…”
Clyde roared, rearing up as high as the ceiling would allow. His wings fanned the flames, causing sparks to fly and light to flash. Faren yelped, jerking herself back into Damara as they stared up at the looming dragon. 
“A colossal sea serpent shot up from the water, towering in the sky. Stag stared up at the beast whose massive head blocked out the sun, and it stared straight back, silent as the foam of the sea.
“Stag was utterly helpless as the Great Serpent opened its gaping jaws, barbed with white serrated teeth.” Clyde stretched his mouth open wide. “He spotted Autumn lying feebly on the tongue of the enormous beast that lunged at him.
“Snap!” Clyde’s teeth clacked as he clamped them together, causing the girls to flinch. “Stag and Autumn saw what was sure to be their last glimpse of light as the beast trapped them inside its immense cavern of a mouth.”
Clyde settled back down to the ground, moaning, “Stag and his mate lay defeated on the Great Serpent’s warm wet tongue, too weary to fight, pitch darkness pressing in on the lovers as they silently waited to die.
“But then,” Clyde sung heavenly, lifting up his head, “Stag and Autumn gazed out in amazement as the mighty creature’s teeth parted and light flooded into its yawning maw. There before them, a vast stretch of magnificent coast was revealed.
“Like a tendril unfurling from its vine, the Great Serpent’s tongue lifted up beneath the two lovers. Gently, they were brought out into the world, sliding down the slippery tongue until they touched true, solid ground.
Clyde spread his wings as far as he could, nearly knocking a chair over as they brushed over it. “The two dragons stared up at their mysterious savior, in awestruck reverence. The Great Sea Serpent poised peacefully in the infinite ocean…then arched and dipped its snout in the water, disappearing into the depths once more.”
The gleaming dragon paused for a moment, studying his small audience with keen eyes. Faren kept unusually still, clearly waiting for the story to continue.
“Stag and his mate recovered from their travels in the unknown land. But they soon found that they could not stay there and they wandered by foot, looking for a place to settle. Yet, they found that no matter where they went, man was there, hunting all the big game, farming all the fields, leaving no room for the two foreign dragons.
“Stag and Autumn traveled on,” Clyde told them, “never straying from the coast until they found the place where the Colony had left long ago- the dragon territory.”
Clyde hung his head. “The lovers were glad to have found this place again,” he expressed. “Despite the land’s lack of water and prey, they wished they never had left, for it still belonged to the dragons. The Wizard was the only human who lived there, and he was at peace with dragonkind, unlike the entire kingdom that stood on the other side of the mountain range.
“Yes, indeed. Stag and Autumn thought they’d rediscovered the place of their blessed destiny, but in truth…it was the place of their accursed fate. 
“Heartless rogues still roamed the land, living by struggle and strife,” Clyde explained sullenly. “And when one pack found that a couple of Colonists had returned, they attacked. One dragon clamped his mighty jaws across Stag’s head, splintering the foreparts of his skull, blinding him.”
Fire light glimmered down Clyde’s face. “Stag was forced to listen, blind and powerless as the rogues went on to murder Autumn. Her screams of anguish rung out, piercing through Stag’s ears. 
“And then they stopped. 
“The rogues were gone.
“Stag’s love was dead.”
Clyde threw back his head and cried aloud, “How terrible to live on! It was a miracle Stag had survived, but he, heartbroken, regarded it as a burden. Sightlessly, he dragged himself forward till he lay beside Autumn’s mutilated corpse. Blood streamed from his ruined eyes like tears, mixing with that of his lover’s.
“Days passed as Stag wandered, bereft and directionless, with the hope to die. But destiny had other plans. Soon, he found himself here, not just in the hands of new friends, but the hearts of new family as well. Slowly, he regained the will to live, recognizing love’s remarkable ability to be reborn in the form of many.
“Stag fought to save the lives of others. He did this to honor his mate.
“And when death came to claim him at last, he died a magnificently selfless, worthy individual. 
“May he rest in peace.” 
Tears threatened Damara’s eyes at the very end of Clyde’s tale, for it was the one thing she knew to be true. 
Sea serpents and accursed lands I cannot believe, she told herself, staring into the flames in hopes that they would dry her watery eyes. But it’s no lie to say that Stag died a magnificently selfless, worthy individual. 
Damara was too trapped in thought to hear Kara thank Clyde for the story. She didn’t even look up as the dragon managed to push out through the doorway and disappear, his strange songs rising up again from the darkened forest. 
Stag saved my life and countless others…
There couldn’t have been a better way to honor his mate than that.


Chapter 22


Damara recovered in the following days at the house, deep in the woods. Just as Kara had predicted, the scar on her calf was ridged and glaringly pale. But that didn’t matter to her, for she had other things on her mind.
What is Tyrone doing? Did he send Tide to find the eggs? What will Tide do if he finds them? Questions fluttered inside her head like moths, silent but restless. Will Chasm be there, guarding the clutch?
“There was a huge sea serpent that saved Stag and his wife!” Faren chattered, rousing Damara from her thoughts. They were sitting in the bare limbs of a large fig tree, on the edge of the chilly orchard. Snow laden clouds drifted overhead, always moving, never clearing.
“I know,” Damara muttered, though she still didn’t believe it. 
“But then bad dragons came and killed Stag’s wife and took out his eyes.” Faren looked up at her with a pouty expression.
“I know,” Damara repeated, growing impatient. “I was right there when Clyde told us.”
“Where is Stag?”
Damara furrowed her brow.
Do you only hear half of what you’re told? she questioned the child silently. He’s dead. 
He died because of me.
As Damara was lost in thought, Faren became distracted by a tiny monigon, no bigger than a bee. The child watched as it clung to one of the tree’s light grey twigs. A winter breeze blew, causing the miniscule monigon to bob up and down. Damara stared at it as well, amazed to see that the creature had not four legs, but six.
I’ve seen monigons like you before! She remembered Xander placing them in her hair, when she and her brother were young. She could almost hear their laughter carry in the frigid wind.
What was it I called them?
Fairy dragons?
The tiny monigon blinked, then was suddenly gone, blown away by a mighty gust of wind. Damara clenched her teeth, gripping the tree trunk with one hand and taking hold of Faren with the other. The wind yanked at their hair before letting up, the air stilling as though it had never even moved.
“Here, let’s get down now,” Damara urged Faren. 
The child shimmied to the ground. Damara repositioned herself on her perch, then jumped down, landing on the frozen ground with ease.
“Dear Lord, don’t injure yourself again!” Kara called to her from the nearby stables. “Tyrone is coming to bring you girls back to Faren’s family, you know. It’d be a crying shame if we had to put it off any longer.”
“We’re going to see my family?!” Faren was delighted, turning to Damara with shining green eyes. Rippling red hair framed her youthful face, bringing out the pink of her cheeks. “Did you hear that, Damara?”
What?! Damara fretted. They’re not going to send me to the refugee camp, are they? What about Chasm and the clutch? Shouldn’t I be doing something to help? 
“They’re here! They’re here!” Faren cried happily, running out across the frosty fields to meet Rosefinch and Lynx where they landed. Tyrone dismounted Rosefinch the moment her feet hit the ground.
Damara gazed at them, dismayed to see that Tide was not with them. 
“Come on, now,” Kara spoke up from behind, startling Damara with a hand on her back. The heavy framed woman guided her down Faren’s beeline towards the dragons and Tyrone.
Damara returned Lynx’s smirk with a biting gaze as she and Kara joined the group. Tyrone gave his older sister a hug, free of his knight’s garb.
Remembering her concerns, Damara asked, “Where is Tide?”
Tyrone turned his tired, thoughtful eyes to her. “I sent him to look for Iris’ clutch,” he answered. Then, as Damara’s face creased with worry, he reassured her, “He’ll be fine.”
But he’s just so weak…
“Yeah,” Lynx snorted. “All Tide would have to do is take a fighting stance and Chasm would die laughing.”
“Shut up!” Rosefinch blared at him. Everyone flinched except Lynx, who grinned, clearly rewarded by her aggravation.
“If you could breathe fire, Roe, you’d have roasted everyone here just then,” he snickered. “Everyone but me, that is.”
“Don’t call me Roe!” Rosefinch snapped. “You’ll just taint it with your vile tongue.”
Whoa, Damara thought. I’m not the only one who despises him!
She saw Tyrone and Kara exchange knowing looks, obviously familiar with such disputes. Faren gazed up at Rosefinch with wide eyes until the dragon noticed her and sheepishly relaxed. 
“Well,” Kara broke the tension, hands on hips. “I’ll grab some bread for your travels and then you can all be on your way.”
“I’ll go with you,” Rosefinch said and together they walked to the house. Damara saw Rosefinch stop at the doorway with only her head stuck inside as Kara entered.
Damara stood with Tyrone and Faren, eyeing Lynx as he craned his head back to watch a bird soar overhead. His neck arched outlandishly far, the crown of his head nearly scraping his scaly spine.
Faren giggled.
Through the corner of his eye, Lynx looked at her, jagged teeth unveiling themselves as he cracked a smile.
Freak, thought Damara.
Tyrone stifled a yawn as they waited and she peered at him. 
When was the last time he even slept? 
“You two can ride in the saddle on Rosefinch,” he told her and Faren. “That is, if you feel comfortable holding her, Damara.” He looked at her questioningly.
“Of course.” Damara frowned. Why wouldn’t I? Hasn’t he seen how I look after Faren?
She turned her face away in shame as she was reminded, I lost her. She’d be dead if Tide hadn’t found her in the woods. 
The sound of crunching ice sounded behind her. Kara and Rosefinch returned from the house, a bundle of food in the woman’s thick arms.
“He was inside the house?” Rosefinch exclaimed, laughing with Kara. Both, Damara noticed, had the same hearty expression on their very different faces.
“Thank you,” Tyrone said, taking the food from his sister. “Will you take Ivory for me?” 
Only then did Damara notice the wyvern clinging to the fabric of Tyrone’s tunic. Kara carefully lifted her off.
With a look from Tyrone, Damara climbed up onto Rosefinch’s back.
This saddle! she marveled, staring down at her seat. It’s so strange. Undoubtedly, it was more comfortable than riding bareback, but felt unfamiliar to her all the same.
Damara heard Tyrone clear his throat and she turned her head to him. Faren jittered nervously in front of him, squeaking a little when he picked her up by the waist. Damara leaned over to take the girl from him, tensing up slightly as her hands knocked into his leather gloved ones. 
Pulling Faren right in front of her into the saddle, Damara could feel the child trembling in her arms.
“I’m scared,” Faren said quietly, shrinking into her.
Damara hushed, smoothing down the little redhead’s hair. “You’ll be fine.”
She couldn’t help but goggle as Tyrone scaled up Lynx and straddled the dragon’s spine. He’s not going to use ropes or anything? I couldn’t do that…
“Someday you’ll come up into the air with me, Kara,” Rosefinch said.
The woman snorted in disbelief. “Not in this body. I’m even starting to think my days of riding horseback are over.”
“Will you be alright on your own here?” Tyrone asked his sister, with Lynx jerking restlessly underneath him.
“Ty, you need to be more worried about yourself,” Kara scolded. “You can’t out ride your own mortality. You know that, right?”
Damara saw Tyrone give a small smile, almost more like a weary cringe.
He looks so very exhausted…
As Rosefinch spread her wings in the chilly air, Faren pressed further back into Damara’s chest, making it uncomfortable for her to breathe. 
“Relax,” Damara whispered, but the child remained rigid and close.
Rosefinch beat her wings, rising powerfully up off the frozen ground. Lynx joined them in the sky, flying in an irregular, bizarre way. 
How does Tyrone hold on?! Damara was bewildered as she watched.
Rosefinch seemed to sense Faren’s fear, for she glided low over the forest, carving around tall pines and woody branches. As the trees petered out, making room for frosty green fields and lumpy grey boulders, the child relaxed in Damara’s arms somewhat, peering down past the dragon’s flanks.
How far is this refugee camp? Damara pondered, unable to recognize the land. Are we in the uppermost area of Wystil, or have we left the kingdom’s territory altogether? There certainly aren’t any towns to see.
Then she noticed a massive hole in the ground as the dragons passed over it. Damara gawked, dumbfounded by its great emptiness.
“A giant’s mouth,” Faren whispered in awe. 
Suddenly, Lynx gave a joyous roar and dove into the seemingly bottomless pit, disappearing with Tyrone still on his back. Faren cried out in alarm, stiffening in Damara’s arms.
“Mindless monigon!” Rosefinch cursed, clearly more aggravated than worried.
“Aren’t we going back for him?” Damara called over the bitter cold wind, thinking solely of Tyrone as the female dragon flew on, leaving behind the great hole in the ground.
Damara thought the dragon yelled something in response, but the words never reached her numb ears. Faren wailed and Damara hugged her tighter. 
“It’s alright!” she tried to calm the child, but it was no use.
Tyrone is fine. Lynx is a fool, but Tyrone can handle him.
Rosefinch banked in descent to land softly on ice-stiffened grass, a large pile of boulders looming before them. Faren was in a panic, shrilling and crying as Damara helped her down to the ground. The child stood and trembled with tears streaming down her face.
“I want my family!” she shouted.
“We’ll find them!” Damara tried to calm her, but Faren pushed her away. 
“Hey!” Damara lost patience, snatching the child’s wrists. “Look at me.” 
Faren stopped struggling at last, face crumpling.
“What’s wrong with her?” Rosefinch asked worriedly, observing as Faren surrendered to Damara’s comforting embrace.
“She’s afraid of flying,” Damara answered. It seemed obvious to her, being a fragile and flightless human, but she supposed that to a dragon, the fear of flight was unfathomable. 
“Can’t you get Tyrone?” she urged. “We’ll need to walk the rest of the way.”
Rosefinch opened her mouth to respond, but then a voice sounded behind the girls. 
“We’re already here.”
Damara spun around to see Tyrone emerge from the boulders, dusting off his tunic, unscathed.
“What?!” Damara exclaimed. How is he here so suddenly?
“Faren,” Tyrone spoke, looking down at the quaking child. “You’re family’s coming out to meet you now.”
Coming out? From where?
Suddenly, a man and a woman rushed out from between the boulders, crying out in jubilance as they ran towards Faren.
“Mummy! Poppy!” Faren exclaimed delightedly, shaking herself from Damara’s arms to be swept up by her parents. The father looked like a farmer, with strong arms that lifted Faren so he could kiss her on the forehead. His wife nearly wept with happiness, strawberry hair pinned to the crown of her head. A ruddy-haired boy also appeared from the rocks, trotting up to them with sparkling eyes.
Damara stood back and watched the reunited family rejoice, completed within each other’s embrace. It was a jarring sight that stirred something deep within her.
If Faren’s family is so quick to welcome her back, even though she wandered out into the woods…couldn’t Xander forgive me, too?
Could I return home?


Chapter 23


Between the boulders was a narrow passageway that led into the ground. 
Damara was extremely hesitant to follow Tyrone and Faren’s family into the small rock opening. They said it would bring them to the refugee camp inside. She was used to wide open spaces and, watching how the adults hunched to get through, she dreadfully imagined the boulders falling in on them.
“Aren’t you going in?” Rosefinch asked Damara as Faren’s family shimmied between the rocks.
Damara looked over her shoulder. “Aren’t you?”
Rosefinch gave a warm laugh. “I can’t fit through there!” she said. “We, dragons, have to fly down the chimney shaft to get to the caves.”
“All of us, except Tide,” Lynx remarked snidely, alighting beside them. “Any hatchling like him could fit inside that pebble passageway just fine.”
Rosefinch cast him a glare. “At least Tide has more sense than you,” she spoke coldly. “He knows not to scare the refugees by diving in with a roar.” 
“I’m sensible!” Lynx’s eyes widened in mock surprise. “I took the firesap!”
Rosefinch snorted. “Don’t contradict yourself. That firesap will kill you before any of your other foolish acts can.”
Lynx grinned. “The flames make it all worth it.” He flicked sparks off his tongue.
Rosefinch curled her lip in disgust as they blew into her face.
“Damara?” Tyrone called. He was stooped under a jutting rock, looking up at her expectantly.
Taking a deep breath, Damara stepped forward, watching as he disappeared inside. A queasy feeling writhed in her stomach but she pushed through, ducking to slip under the gap in the boulders. Her eyes took time to adjust, though patches of winter light shone through.
There was no clearly defined tunnel laid out before her. In fact, when Tyrone disappeared, she had no idea where to go. Anxiously, she glanced at the entrance behind her, longing to squeeze back out.
“Is everything alright?” Tyrone asked from further inside the hollow. He stood up ahead, only half visible as he traced back to peer at her. “Here, go in front of me.”
Damara swallowed and did as he said, puzzled to see a wide gap in between the shadowed rocks. From certain angles, the opening wasn’t even noticeable. She ventured deeper with Tyrone following right behind. 
The air was dank and light was dwindling as they traveled deeper into the tunnel. Dripping water tapped the smooth rock walls around her. She could make out what sounded to be a dozen voices and she came to a rigid stop. Tyrone cleared his throat.
“It’s not far, now,” he urged her. “Soon you’ll be able to see better.”
She pressed on, placing her hand on the damp curve of a rock as she ducked one last time. Her eyes gazed up in amazement as an entire cavern opened up before her. Enraptured by the sight, she barely even heard Tyrone ask her to move and let him through.
A wide underground river filled a portion of the cave. Small rimstone dams, pools that sat on the steps of rock, bordered the large body of water. Stalactites hung from the ceiling like hundreds of stone icicles. 
Tyrone entered and straightened up beside her.
“It’s nothing great,” he said. “But I’m afraid it’s all I can offer them.”
‘Them’? Damara started as she saw people down at the water’s edge, filling up gourds. Some glanced up at her for a moment, then turned back to their own business.
Where is Faren? Damara wondered. Cautiously, she followed as Tyrone took the lead, striding up a rocky stretch of cliff. They passed the river, through another mouth of the cave. 
Damara found herself staring at a new cavern, even larger than the first. 
Winter sunlight poured down like a waterfall across the room from her. Few people were sitting inside, but numerous burlap sacks littered the cave floor, along with various other clothes and fabrics. 
“What is this place?” she asked.
“This is where the refugees sleep,” Tyrone answered. “It’s sheltered and easily protected.”
“What?! How many refugees are there? And where?”
“They’re probably out gathering food while the weather is fair. They’ll come back for the night, you’ll see.”
“I’ll see?” Damara repeated after him. “What about Chasm and the clutch?!”
Tyrone looked her in the eye. “Until Chasm is dealt with, this is the safest place for us.”
“But there’s nothing we can do to save ourselves! Not here!”
“Damara,” he exhaled. “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
She was silent for a moment, not quite sure, either. I just can’t stay here. I don’t know anyone besides Faren- and I can’t even see her right now! How could I bear living amongst strangers in a strange cave?
“Why can’t I stay with Kara?” she eventually asked. “You left her all alone.”
“I would like it if she stayed here, too,” he replied truthfully. “But she refuses and there’s no changing her mind.”
“Then I refuse. You can’t keep me here.”
Fatigue lined Tyrone’s face. The cave threw shadows over his eyes in waves of darkness.
“That’s true,” he agreed. “And I don’t want to keep you here. I wish I could give all these people something better. I wish I could give them freedom. But I’m not the one trapping them with fear. It’s Chasm who’s holding them down.”
“Then kill him!” Damara pleaded. 
“I can’t go hunting for him. I’d have to abandon these people and that’s a risk I can’t take.”
“Where is the King in all this? Why isn’t he helping you? You both want the same things!”
“He doesn’t see it that way.”
“But why?”
“The Wystilians don’t trust me. They say I’m fighting to conquer the land, not save it.”
Damara gritted her teeth. “I don’t understand,” she said, forcing herself to speak calmly. “What makes them think that? How can they be so ignorant?”
Tyrone heaved a great sigh. “Come with me,” he said, turning to walk across the messy cavern before she could even answer.
Reluctantly, she followed, heading farther into the soft light. As they passed under a large archway, they stopped before a great mound of crumbled rock, dusted with a thin layer of snow. Realizing that snowflakes were falling down on them, she couldn’t help but look up.
Whoa. Hundreds of snowflakes fluttered down a massive vertical tunnel where the cave ceiling should have been. It was as though someone were plucking a white bird above them, carelessly tossing the feathers into the chilly chimney shaft.
That must be the hole Lynx dove into, she realized, spotting a bright disk of sky brooding over them. Even I couldn’t climb that high. 
She looked down as Tyrone crouched, tracing the outline of a single dragon track into the thin snow next to one of his boot prints. He circled them both within a ring.
Damara gawked as he stepped back. That’s the symbol Chasm used to make me plant all over the place!
“Whenever I came to defend an invaded town,” Tyrone explained, “the Strong Pack would flee, I would help the survivors, and the area would be left abandoned. I didn’t know of this marking that appeared on the desolate grounds until incoming refugees told me of it. But by then, it was too late.”
Too late? Damara studied the mark, trying to understand what he meant. Two footprints united together by one circle- the perfect symbol of dragon and man.
Suddenly all became clear.
All those times Chasm made me place this, she thought. He was never claiming territory for himself. He was tricking people into thinking that the Dragon Knight was taking over!
Chasm used me to turn Wystil against Tyrone.
Guilt pounded down on her like hailstones. Fear and fury shook her bones.
“H-he would have killed me,” Damara stammered. “I didn’t know what he was making me do!”
“I understand. You’re not to blame.” He touched her on the shoulder, then walked away, leaving her beneath the sky hole all alone.
If Chasm can deceive an entire kingdom, she feared, how long will it take him to conquer it?
Already, snow was beginning to cover the deceptive symbol. Ice flakes landed on the back of her neck, nipping her before melting on her warm skin. But she was too stunned to pull the hood of her cloak on.
He’s failed once already. But he’s still not dead. 
Tyrone’s too busy taking care of the refugee camp. King Chadwick is too busy protecting the castle. So who’s stopping the Strong Pack from being reborn? 
That clutch must be destroyed.



Chapter 24


Damara found her way out of the caves, back through the rocky passage. She felt the air go from damp to brisk. The heavy dark brightened into a wintry glare and she emerged into the snowy daylight, blinking tears out of her eyes.
How long before Chasm comes and destroys everything? When will the new Strong Pack murder everyone- Tide, Rosefinch, even Clyde? Kara, Tyrone…Faren?!
God, not Faren…
The snow came in a flurry now. Damara couldn’t see beyond the length of her arm. She looked behind her. No one had followed her out.
What can I do? she cried inwardly. I’m just as helpless as everyone else. 
She didn’t plan to run away. There was nowhere to go in this weather and she didn’t want to stray far from Faren. She’s with her family now, but…I still need to know that she’s safe.
At least, as safe as this world will allow, Damara added bitterly, scaling one of the frigid boulders above the tunnel entrance. She sat at the very top, arms around her knees, cloak around her back. From her heavy hood, she glowered at the snow invasion.
Heavily clothed people began appearing down below, obscured as they ducked under the boulder, herding little children in through the tunnel before them. If they noticed Damara perched like a gargoyle above, they paid her no mind.
The snow let up just as the cloudy sky began to dim and she reluctantly retreated to the caves, not wanting to lose her way in the dark. It took her a while to pick through the rocky passageway, repeatedly running into dead ends and tricky crevices.
Finally, she found her way into the cavern where the river ran through. 
What?! 
A stunning sight met her eyes. What seemed to be flying lanterns reached as high as the ceiling and as far as the distant walls. They flitted erratically about, clearly alive, whatever they were.
For a moment, her mind was distracted from its many worries.
One landed on Damara, causing her to nearly lose her footing on the rocky floor as she jumped, startled. It was a bat-like wyvern, a freakish spectacle clinging to her cloak. The creature stared up at her with glowing beady eyes, which matched its illuminated chest.
It looks so fragile. She studied the air-filled cavity of its breast, seeing how the parchment-thin membrane inflated and compressed when it breathed. 
Would it bite me?
She didn’t try to touch it, hoping that it wouldn’t suddenly feel threatened and attack her. Eventually, the curious wyvern flew away to join the other lights of the cave.
Damara had to squint in the dark in order to see the rocky escalade leading up to the higher cavern, from which voices echoed. She shivered, wrapping her heavy, damp cloak around her shoulders. Could the refugees have fire down here?
In a tentative ascent, her feet tested the path, tapping each flat-topped rock.
Surely Faren is up here…
What will her parents think of me? Will they see me as a witch?
She gritted her teeth. 
Let them think what they will.
Damara found that more glowing wyverns whisked about in the higher cavern, bathing the large hollow with dim light. Across the cave floor, a gentle yellow blaze flickered under the chimney shaft. Damara drew closer, hiding her face as she came upon dozens of refugees. Families crowded around small campfires, smoke escaping up into the great tunnel overhead. 
A loud chorus of screes came shrilling from the depths of the cave and the refugees turned their heads and held their children close. The lit wyverns seemed excited by the sound, their flight growing frenzied.
Damara gasped as hundreds of small white bodies rushed through the caves.
Bats?! she gasped, pressing up against the cavern wall as the creatures winged past her. Children began to cry and men shouted in aggravation, but the creatures were gone as quickly as they had come, rising up into the chimney shaft and disappearing into the night. 
In a massive, bright swarm, the glow wyverns funneled out in pursuit. Without their gleam, the slick cave walls took on the yellow light of the campfires.
Some refugees muttered irritably as others tried to calm the children. Damara wondered if they were familiar with what just happened.
Bats and bat wyverns at war, she reflected. Like humans and dragons.
Damara was relieved to see Faren with her family, staring up at the great disk of sky with a look of wonder on her face. Her brother stood with her, chattering something Damara couldn’t quite catch. Faren’s eyes widened in awe.
Probably telling her some other ridiculous myth, she thought disapprovingly. Isn’t that why she wanders off all the time? To look for things that aren’t real?
.  .  .
In the morning, Damara awoke to find that sunlight flooded the cavern once more. Cold and stiff, she gathered herself, standing up as Rosefinch flew past to ascend the chimney shaft.
What is she doing? Damara wondered, hugging her cloak tight around herself. Already, her body seemed to be adjusting to maneuvering the caves and she made her way back to the tunnel exit. A group of refugees was there, blocking her path as they picked through the narrow passageway. Following close behind, she eventually slipped out from under the jutting boulder, bracing herself against the frigid wind that met her face.
Her eyes searched the landscape for Rosefinch or the great hole in the ground. Instead, her heart leapt at the sight of Tyrone talking to someone.
It was Tide.
He’s alive! 
She hurried to join them, overjoyed to see the teal dragon, untouched and healthy. 
Tell me that Chasm is dead and the clutch is destroyed, she prayed, but as she approached she saw his expression and knew no such news would meet her ears.
“What happened?” she asked. Her breath was visible in the clear, crisp air. 
Tyrone and Tide turned to her, their faces grim and worn.
“I searched the Golden Dragon’s old hideout but not a single tree was left standing after that mudslide,” Tide murmured, shaking his head. “I can’t think of any other tree the Golden Dragon would claim specifically as her own.”
What? But Iris said…
“Damara, can you think of anywhere else the clutch might be?” Tyrone inquired.
“No,” she moaned. “I heard Iris say she laid it by the duchess’ tree. I know I did! Could Chasm have moved it?”
Tide gave her a strange look. “A dragon would no doubt crush an egg trying to relocate it.”
Damara bit her lip. “Then what can we do? What if the clutch hatches before we can destroy it?”
“Destroy it?!” Tide’s eyes widened in horror. 
Tyrone raised his eyebrows. 
“Yes…” Damara said, confused. “Isn’t that-”
“Tide, you’re back!” Rosefinch exclaimed with glee, gliding down upon them. “Tell me you found the eggs!”
“They weren’t there,” Tide mumbled, ducking his head.
“Monigons and mock dragons!” Rosefinch cursed. “Where in the dirt did that reptile lay them? We need to go get them!”
“Get them?” Damara was bewildered. They aren’t going to destroy the clutch?!
Tyrone crossed his arms. “Yes. We have to bring the clutch here and keep it safe.”
“Keep it safe?” she sputtered. “It’s a nest full of vipers!”
Rosefinch laughed. “Vipers are snakes, Damara, not dragons.”
“She knows that,” Tyrone told the dragon, then turned to look at Damara. She could feel his eyes studying her as he said, “I think what she’s saying is that the clutch is dangerous.”
“Dangerous?” Rosefinch cocked her head. “What do you mean, Damara?”
Damara stared up at them, dumbfounded. 
“I don’t understand,” she forced herself to speak calmly. “Why do you all want to keep Chasm and Iris’ offspring safe? Savagery will come as naturally to them as breathing. It’s in their blood.”
Tyrone shook his head. “We can’t be sure of that. We have to at least give them a chance.”
Damara swallowed her words as she realized there was no persuading them otherwise. 
Would they really bring the entire clutch here, to our only safe haven? 
Don’t they see the risk in that?
Tide hung his head. “I should get back to searching,” he exhaled. “It might be somewhere else in dragon territory. The swamp, maybe…”
“Rest for the day,” Rosefinch insisted. “You can go back tomorrow. Don’t work yourself too hard like Tyrone does.”
Tyrone kept himself standing upright, but Damara could see the exhaustion weighing down on him like a heavy cloak. She half wondered if he ever slept at all.
Tide had a bashful expression when he looked at Rosefinch and she smiled, more politely than fondly, Damara thought. Then the female dragon tilted her head, listening. 
What does she hear? 
Rosefinch tensed. 
Damara followed the dragon’s gaze down the immense hole in the ground. A commotion screeched from deep within.
She gasped, leaping back into Tide as a swarm of white bats and screaming glow wyverns shot out, filling the sky overhead. 
Rosefinch, however, grinned sportingly. 
“Come on, Tide!” She poised with wings unfolding.
Tide shook his head in embarrassment. “No…I’m sure you’d win.” 
“It’d still be fun,” she pried. 
Still, Tide was not persuaded.
“Fine,” Rosefinch consented. “You should probably get some rest anyway.” She took to the air, soaring for the bats and wyverns that pulsed as one chaotic mass above.  
Damara watched as the dragon snapped and darted from side to side.
“What is she doing?” she asked.
“Hunting,” Tide replied warmly. “She challenges herself to only kill the bats, not wyverns.”
That must be difficult, Damara thought. She could barely see the dragon within the storm of battling creatures.
Soon, Rosefinch landed again. Eyes lively, she opened her jaws to let what seemed like a dozen dead bats fall at their feet. 
Damara curled her lip back in disgust, stepping back. One slime covered bat slid off another, twitching slightly.
“Not a single wyvern!” Rosefinch stood proud. “These bats should make a fine meal for the refugees. Damara, you can take one, if you’d like.”
“Oh, no thanks,” Damara declined. Not even a dog could slobber that much!
A roar echoed up the chimney shaft and she whipped her head around to see Lynx ascend from the hole, faster than the eruption of a geyser. Spiraling around in the thick of the swarm, he unleashed a flurry of flames.
“Mindless monigon!” Rosefinch cursed as the burnt-black bodies of bats fell to the frosted fields and peppered the ground. The wyverns, however, appeared untouched, flying on as the flames glanced over them.
“Lynx!” Tyrone shouted as the marine green dragon spun about in a frenzy, orange flames clearing the air. 
At last, the dragon appeared to be out of breath. He dove for the ground, crashing carelessly into the frost and dead bats.
“Lumpish scut,” Rosefinch growled. 
Lynx grinned, heaving. “I beat you by a blaze,” he snickered, sweeping dead bats with his tail.
“You cheated,” she argued. 
“More importantly,” Tyrone interjected, “you put us all at risk. Chasm could have seen you. Do you realize what trouble we’d be in if he were to find the refugee camp?”
Damara froze as she thought of something, horrified. “Chasm! He can find me just by my scent! What if I’m leading him to the refugee camp right now?!”
“Don’t worry about that,” Tide reassured her. “Chasm’s not going to find you here.”
“But that’s how he found me the first time,” Damara said. “He picked out my scent from the entire kingdom!”
“I’m sure he only told you that to intimidate you,” Tyrone replied. “If his sense of smell was that good, he’d have found us here a long time ago.”
“Lynx said he could smell me from far away when Tide brought me to your house,” she protested.
Lynx nodded, looking very pleased with himself.
“You were bleeding then,” said Tyrone. “Dragons are drawn to the scent of blood.”
“Yeah, and we can’t even tell from that distance whose blood it is,” Tide pitched in.
Then how did Chasm find me? Damara wondered, trying to remember the day she first met him outside her town. Did he actually come looking for me, or was it just by sheer coincidence that he found me?
“Damara, there really isn’t any need for you to worry,” Rosefinch told her, clearly reading the pained expression on her face.
“But I was never able to evade him before…”
Tyrone shook his head. “The way things are now, Chasm isn’t going to find us. That is, unless,” he gave Lynx a look, “we draw attention to ourselves.”
“Aw,” Lynx lulled, “that flameless cur couldn’t take us.” Straining his neck, he licked a scorched bat up off the ground and swallowed it whole.
“Chasm is clever,” Tyrone reasoned. “He could find a way to lead the King here. Chad sees all dragons as a threat, and you’d be no exception.” 
Chad? Damara had never heard anyone refer to the King of Wystil so casually.
Lynx made a face. “I’m not afraid of some huffy king either! That man’s just as rump-fed as the rest of humanity.” He turned to devour a couple more bats. 
Damara’s skin crawled. “Why are you even here?” she asked him. 
Lynx paused with a bat on his tongue, eyes settling on her. Then, gulping down the morsel, he laughed. “I’m protecting your sorry, scaleless hides! With all you humans dead, who would be left to humor me?”
Damara seethed, clenching her fists.
“Do you ever wonder why nobody likes you?” Rosefinch hissed.
“Not at all,” he answered, rising to his feet and trotting away. He stopped not far from them and cocked his head at a bunch of dead bats. Dropping to the ground, he scooted himself along with jaws wide open.
“Stop eating those!” Rosefinch shouted. “The refugees need them.”
Lynx’s head shot up. “I killed these bats,” he yammered at her. “They’re mine.”
Rosefinch groaned, turning to face Tide. “Lynx is an idiot, Chasm is a murderer, and I’d hardly call Clyde ‘normal’,” she grumbled. “Are you and I the only sane dragons left?”
Tide simpered, avoiding her gaze as Damara had seen Catherine do countless times before around Xander.
‘The only sane dragons left?’ Rosefinch’s words cycled through Damara’s head. 
Is she jesting? Damara studied her face. Could she be the last female dragon?!
“What is it?” Rosefinch was suddenly speaking to her.
“Oh.” She blinked. “Nothing.”
“Ah well, we better get these bats to the refugees before Lynx eats them all.” 
Rosefinch and Tide began sweeping dead bats into a pile with their tails. Damara helped gather them, deep in thought.
Are the dragons going extinct?
How many have died from the firesap? Didn’t Clyde say it keeps the dragons’ eggs from hatching? That must be a lot of clutches lost. And how many dragons are dead because of Chasm or the Wystilian army? And who knows if the Colony even survived their migration…
Tide and Rosefinch, Lynx and Clyde…besides Chasm, they’re the only dragons I know to be alive!
Damara paused with a bushel of bats drooping in her arms, their fur coats once white, now charred completely black. Her mind returned to Iris’ clutch, wherever it was. Now she understood why Tyrone and the dragons were all so eager to find the eggs. 
That clutch, Chasm’s offspring…they’re hope for dragonkind.


Chapter 25


Winter appeared to be drawing to an end. The snow melted in the fields, giving way to spring blossoms and tender grass. The distant mountain range was still hooded by white but the leaflets of trees glowed a soft green.
Damara sat atop a boulder, watching a herd of deer grazing a ways away. She felt as though there was a caterpillar within her, champing at her insides as she anxiously thought of Tide. She hadn’t seen him since the day of Lynx and Rosefinch’s bat killing contest.
On top of that, Damara wasn’t sure where Tyrone was. It’d been a while since she’d last seen him. She prayed that he was safe wherever he was, might that be the hunting lodge or elsewhere. 
Perhaps I can ask whoever’s guarding the refugee camp, she thought. They should know where Tyrone is. She was just about to get up and go to the great hole in the ground when something caught her eye.
In the air soared a dragon, brown and pink against the clear sky. 
Rosefinch? She strained her eyes as the dragon passed over the sun, startled by the shadow that raced over her. With a skillful loop in the air, Rosefinch tucked in her wings and dove for the ground below.
Damara gasped as she saw what she was after- the deer. The animals lifted their heads to the sky, springing away in fear, but the dragon had one targeted.
Wham! Rosefinch tackled her victim. It lay still, killed instantly.	
Damara leapt to her feet in excitement, scrambling down her boulder and running a stretch of grass to meet the dragon out in the field.
“Hey Damara,” Rosefinch greeted her, pride lacing her voice. The deer under her feet was broken and bloodied, its eyes glassy.
Damara was winded as she slowed to a stop, bending over to place her hands on her knees. “That was amazing!” she panted. “I’ve never seen anyone do that before.”
Rosefinch beamed. “It is a tricky move,” she said, eyeing the carcass. “At least the rogues taught me something useful.”
“What?” Damara puzzled, straightening up as she finally caught her breath.
“Oh, the rogues,” the dragon repeated herself. “They mentored me.”
Damara ran a hand through her hair. “I’m not quite sure what you mean by ‘rogue’, though I think I’ve heard it before.”
“Oh, well, we considered any dragon who wasn’t a Colonist a rogue. There were a number of decent ones…not the pack I ran with, though. That became clear.” Rosefinch sounded a bit guilty. 
Damara folded her arms. “What are you talking about?” 
The dragon neglected to answer, face hardening as she stared off.
“Roe, what happened?” Damara pressed.
“They sometimes made me uneasy,” Rosefinch said distantly, “threatening others for no good reason, scheming to gain more territory. They expected me to be right there with them, no matter the cause. I should’ve seen it coming before they…” She trailed off for a moment, then, “They ate a nest full of eggs!” she spat, causing Damara to flinch. “Dragon eggs! Right in front of me! They even invited me to join them.” The dragon seethed, muscles clenched in fury.
They ate their own young? Damara gawked. That’s barbaric!
Rosefinch relaxed after a moment. “Anyway,” she said gruffly, pawing the dead deer to distract herself, “that’s when I left to join Ty and the others.”
But she was actually reared by rogues? Damara thought in amazement as Rosefinch bit down on the deer carcass. A pop sounded when the dragon tore raw flesh from the bones. She swallowed the hunk of meat whole.
Damara laid back on the ground, staring up at the sky. How could anyone come out of that sort of life and turn out as well as Roe?
“Who were your parents?” she asked. Her cheek brushed soft dirt as she turned her head to see the dragon. From her low point of view, the deer rose like a furry mound beside her.
“I have no idea,” Rosefinch answered, surprising her. “It’s in our nature to leave the young, to let them find their own way.”
“Isn’t that risky?” Damara urged, sitting back up.
I just thought Iris was being irresponsible.
“History has shown us the problem in our ways,” Rosefinch admitted. “But that’s why we need to find that hidden clutch. We need to make sure those younglings have a fair chance at life.”
Damara bit her lip in doubt. “Even though they’re Chasm’s offspring?” she spoke quietly, not sure if she wanted to be heard.
“Damara,” Rosefinch paused to swallow another bite, “for all I know, I could be related to Chasm. Don’t fret so much!”
“I’m not,” she opposed. People like Catherine fret. Not me.	
Rosefinch looked at her funny. “But you are! It’s in your eyes, your voice, everything.” 
Damara huddled in embarrassment. The dragon seemed to read that, too, for she turned her eyes to the mangled deer and asked if she wanted any.
Damara shook her head. 
“Oh, yeah.” Rosefinch grinned, a bit of fur stuck between her teeth. “I forgot humans don’t like their meat raw.” She lowered her head again to continue eating.
By now, the sound of a dragon ripping at carrion was as normal to Damara’s ears as mere birds’ song and she looked on indifferently. Still, gazing out at the bouldered field, she wondered if she could ever trust Chasm’s offspring, should Tide manage to find them.
Chasm’s own flesh and blood…How could I ever look past that?
But then…I suppose my father was far from respectable himself. The man who came home drunk at night to abuse his own children…He doesn’t show through me, does he?
The thought made her tense as she realized how quick to anger she was. 
But I’m not like him. I don’t hurt people. 
And Xander isn’t like him. He knows how to love.
Suddenly a shadow fell over them. Damara scurried back as Lynx landed between her and Rosefinch. 
“Ah,” the dragon slurred. “Delicious.” He crouched down to dig into the deer carcass.
“Hey!” Rosefinch barked, knocking him back with the crown of her head. “Back off!”
“Aw, come on,” Lynx carped, puffing out his chest. “Would it hurt to share?”
“You’d only defile it with your flaming breath,” hissed the female.
“Fire makes everything better!” he exclaimed.
Rosefinch snorted. “If you aren’t going to guard the chimney shaft, then I will.” 
Damara gawked as the female heaved her half eaten deer into the air, flying away towards the refugees’ cave.
Lynx also stared after her, eyes narrowed.
Great. Damara crossed her arms. Now I’m left with him.
As if hearing her thoughts, the dragon turned his head to her. “How does it feel to be useless?” he asked, as though struck by sudden curiosity.
“Excuse me?” Damara’s skin crawled and she glared into his eyes.
“I’m just wondering.” Lynx rolled his head for no apparent reason. “Here you are, a helpless human with nothing to do but wait and- what was it you humans do?” He snickered. “Pray?” 
“For you to go away,” Damara replied sharply.
“Me?” Lynx’s eyes widened in mock surprise. “But I’m actually helpful! I keep that Chasm monigon away from you all. I haven’t seen you do that.”
“Shut up,” she fumed, knowing he was right.
“Oh, but I have a proposition for you,” he objected.
A proposition? Damara braced herself for more idiocy.
“We can’t trust that hatchling, Tide, to find the eggs,” the dragon pressed. “We need to do it ourselves- me as the wings, you as the hands. We might even have the pleasure of ending Chasm.”
Ending Chasm. Damara tensed up. Is he serious? 
I…I couldn’t do that! If I could, I would have done it long ago. 
“I am not climbing on your sickly back to go anywhere!” she refused.
Lynx opened his mouth, but became distracted as a cloud of moths approached, fluttering in between them. Damara could see his eyes following them as a cat watches a mouse, predator apprehension mounting.
Damara stood back, brightening as she recognized the greenish-white insects. That’s the kind of moth that made me lose my voice! 
She tried not to smile as Lynx snapped at the cloud of feathery insects like a dog bites at flies. Snap! Snap! He clacked his teeth together again and again, then stood there with jaws wide open, flicking his moth covered tongue. 
“So Lynx…” Damara fervently searched for something to ask. It has to be something he’ll really want to answer!
“How can you relish the firesap so much when you know it’s going to kill you in the end?”
Lynx smirked, opening his mouth to speak.
No words came out.
Yes! Damara was delighted as she saw the confusion on Lynx’s face. He worked his lips, talking silently, then clearly attempted to roar. He stared down at his muzzle, as though expecting to see what the problem was. His throat vibrated furiously. His tongue writhed inside his mouth like a worm. But no matter how hard he tried, the only sound he could make was the squelching of saliva, with bubbles foaming from between his teeth.
Damara laughed so hard that her stomach began to hurt and she doubled over, eyes blurry with tears. She kept on laughing as the moths congregated back in front of her face.
Finally able to stand upright again, she saw that Lynx had stopped trying to talk. Instead, he shot her a heated stare from behind the swarm of powdery insects.
A spark of cunning glimmered in his eye and he blew a flame towards her. She felt a short blast of heat, gasping as the cloud of moths ignited and turned to ash. The moths’ remnants settled in her hair, onto her face, and around her mouth in a fluttery puff.
Damara choked and coughed for an instant, then suddenly fell silent, though the sputtering continued. She tried to curse aloud but her voice was gone. 
Damn! Not again!
Just as before, her tongue felt heavy in her mouth. But this time, even her limbs seemed to be affected, numbed slightly. She glowered at Lynx as the smoke cleared, trying to clench her fists as the dragon gave her a smarmy grin. 
She bared her teeth at him, seeing how his sides quavered with muted laughter.	
Wretched cur.


Chapter 26


That night, Damara tried to sleep outside, wanting to avoid laying amongst all the other refugees. But the frigid wind sliced through her clothes and she retreated to the caves.
Where did spring go? she wondered bitterly.
Lynx is right. She moaned, sitting down on the hard, stone floor. I’m useless. I’m doing nothing to keep the Strong Pack from being reborn. All I can do is wait and pray. 
The grunts and snores of sleeping refugees echoed off the cavern walls. Damara pulled her hood tight around her ears, trying to block it out. 
I’m just another sheep of the flock. Just a daft, voiceless ewe standing by for the slaughter…
“Damara?” 
She jumped at the sound of Tyrone’s voice. In the dim light of the surrounding glow wyverns, she could just barely make out his shape standing before her. At first she thought he was humming a tune, until she realized it was Ivory, perched on his shoulder. 
Tyrone, you’re alright! she rejoiced silently, getting up to face him. Have you seen Tide? Did he find the clutch? Damara wanted to ask him a dozen question, but the moths still had her voice.
“Are you well?” Tyrone asked. 
Now closer to him, she could see his eyes searching her face. She nodded, biting her lip.
Tyrone creased his brow. “What’s wrong?” he asked, unconvinced.
Damara looked at him helplessly, gesturing to show she couldn’t speak. She even tried imitating a moth with her hands.
He surprised her with a knowing grin. “Ah,” he gave a partial laugh. “Got your cords dusted, eh?”
What?
“The children call them muffle moths,” he explained. “Your voice should be back in a couple of days. But you might want to keep a scarf over your mouth next time you’re sitting around the fire.”
I wasn’t sitting around a fire. Damara exhaled irritably, recalling Lynx’s mocking grin. 
Tyrone scratched his rough chin, lightheartedness short lived.
“I haven’t seen Tide since he left,” he said. “There hasn’t been any sign of Chasm either. But winter is making it hard for Kara and I to feed the refugees, so I have a favor to ask of you.”
A favor? Damara gazed up at him. I can finally do something to help?
Tyrone lifted the wyvern from his shoulder and held it out to her. “Can you take care of Ivory for me? I’m too busy to give her the proper attention she needs.
Oh. Damara looked down at the half-crippled animal, lifting it out of his hands. Is that all?
“She’ll eat just about anything if she gets hungry enough,” he told her, “but bugs are her preferred food. And don’t worry if she falls asleep on your shoulder. She clings on well enough.” 
“Thank you, Friend,” Ivory whispered in the voice of a young woman and Tyrone started. “I hope to see you again.”
Damara saw how Tyrone’s eyes gazed intently into the dark. She wondered whose voice it was. A lover? Someone killed by the Strong Pack?
After a moment, Tyrone took a deep breath. 
“Thank you, Damara,” he said, glancing at his wyvern one last time before turning to walk away.
Damara slumped back down to the ground with Ivory held loosely in her hands. Misery fell back over her, like a damp blanket weighing on her shoulders.
Is that all I’m good for? Looking after his pet wyvern?
So useless…
.  .  .
“Damara!”
Damara awoke to the sound of Faren’s cheery voice. The child’s face lingered over her, red crinkled hair tickling Damara’s neck. She brushed the locks away, careful of Ivory as she sat up with the wyvern in her lap and opened her mouth to speak.
Still no voice. Better get used to this for the day…
Damara stood up. Lifting Ivory to her shoulder, she felt the lame wyvern fasten onto her cloak. With a thrilled jump to her feet, Faren skipped over to a ruddy-haired boy and tugged him closer. 
“This is Ramsey!” she declared, swinging the boy’s arm.
So you’re the brother who fills Faren’s head with fluff. Damara frowned slightly.
Ramsey shook his sister off, gaping up at Damara in reverence. “You’re the one who rides the grey dragon,” he awed.
I don’t ride him anymore. Never again.
“His name is Chasm!” Faren said, as pleasantly as though telling him the name of a pony.
“Is it true what they say?” Ramsey asked, ignoring his sister. “Are you a witch?”
They still call me that? Damara crossed her arms.
“Damara’s not a witch!” Faren giggled, clearly entertained by the thought. Rather secretively, she stood on tiptoe and whispered something in her brother’s ear.
“How do you know that?” he scoffed, brushing her away.
Faren splayed out her arms. “I just know.”
“Then where are her wings, you dunce?” he sneered.
The little girl creased her brow, just as Damara would. “She hides them so no one will know,” she answered very seriously. “But she’s pretty, and nice, and she never gets hurt when she jumps from trees. So she must be an angel.”
She can’t possibly believe that, Damara muddled.
“So she must be an angel,” Ivory imitated Faren perfectly. 
“Whoa.” Ramsey gawked at the wyvern.
Damara shifted her weight impatiently, lifting her eyes to the stalactites of the cave in boredom. The children didn’t even seem to notice her lack of speech.
“Faren, Ramsey,” the children’s mother called, not far away. She and her husband were holding empty baskets. “It’s time for us to go pick berries now.”
Faren grabbed Damara’s hand, insisting that she go with them. Damara saw the adults exchange discomforted looks, but she had no voice to protest to Faren with. And so, she reluctantly followed after the family.
We’re just picking berries, right? Damara thought. What’s the harm in me being there for that?
Outside the caves, the fields were soppy with rain. Faren ran ahead, laughing. Ramsey hung closer to Damara, stomping puddles as they came across them. She ground her teeth irritably when water splashed her, unable to tell him to stop.
Eventually, their mother called the boy over. Damara tried to smile at her gratefully, but the woman merely glanced over at her, resting an arm around her son. 
She really doesn’t like me. Damara stopped walking, letting the family go on ahead without her. But then Faren noticed and came running to pull her onward.
The sound of crashing water met her ears and the family stopped as they came upon a creek. White foaming water raced and split around rocks, frenzied like a herd of wild horses. Damara eyed it cautiously. 
One wrong step and I’ll be soaked, she assessed. Beside her, Faren stared at the creek in awe. Damara squeezed her hand reassuringly. Don’t worry. I’ll get you across.
She was just about to help her to the first stepping stone when Faren’s father came and picked his daughter up. The child squealed in delight as she was placed on his shoulders and Damara watched the man carry her across the creek.
I could have helped her! He doesn’t trust me. 
Disgruntled, she picked her own way over the creek with Ramsey not far behind. The current spurted in front of her, spattering her dress, and she looked ahead to the rock she needed to reach. She shifted her weight, just about to cross when Ramsey took a leap in front of her, landing in the exact place she’d chosen. 
Damara gasped, redirecting her step so as not to crash into the boy. Her foot plunged into the bubbling water and she jumped to another rock as she tried to regain her balance. 
Ramsey was looking at her with a lively expression on his face. Damara glowered at him. 
Watch where you’re going!
Safely on the other side, the family found berry bushes nearby. Damara stood back as the family filled their baskets. She could see how fondly the parents smiled at Faren.
No one ever looks at me like that, Damara brooded, slumping against a boulder. I’m just the witch everyone wants gone.
She snapped off a nearby bushel of berries, holding it up to Ivory’s mouth to see if she’d eat it. The wyvern jerked her head back as though insulted.
Fine, then what am I supposed to feed you? Irritably, Damara looked around for options. She noticed the wyvern stare intensely at a spider that scurried over a rock. Her hand smacked down on it and she curled her lip back, lifting her palm sticky with guts and legs.
Ivory nearly bit Damara’s fingers in eagerness when she fed the gangly arachnid to her. The marble white wyvern looked increasingly pleased, closing her deep red eyes as she swallowed the spider glob.
The clouds overhead were thick and grey, reflecting Damara’s mood. As rain began pelting her cloak, Ivory tried to tuck her head under one wing. Damara hung the wyvern around the back of her neck and pulled her hood up, sheltering them both.
Drops of water pattered the rocks and dirt, speckling the earth. Damara noticed Faren’s family gather their things to cross over the creek. Already, its water appeared to have swollen since they first went over it.
I should follow them back.
Damara watched the father carry Faren safely across and reach out to give his wife a helping hand. Damara waited for Ramsey to get all the way over before she herself capered carefully across. It was pouring by the time she reached the other side, and she had to squint her eyes past the rain to see the family up ahead. 
Faren’s parents called their children under the shelter of a large tree. Damara silently joined them, ignoring the adults’ gaze. Faren climbed up the tree a ways, seating herself down on a thick branch. Ramsey stood below her, looking up at his sister with a mischievous look in his eye.
“I could pull you down,” he teased, reaching up for Faren’s ankle.
“Rammy, don’t!” she protested, hands gripping the branch tighter.
Damara stiffened as she watched the boy. She glanced at the parents but they were distracted, searching under layers of soggy leaf litter for dry kindling. 
“Don’t fall off,” Ramsey taunted and tickled Faren’s feet.
“Stop it!” the girl shrieked, somewhere between a laugh and a scream. She flinched away from him, nearly falling backwards off the tree.
Damara clenched up, wishing she could tell the boy to stop.
The rain was getting heavier. Water gathered on the leaves of trees, forming even bigger drops that splashed their faces. Distracted, Faren gazed up in wonder.
“Careful, Fairy, or the wood elves might get you,” Ramsey warned playfully. Suddenly, he clasped his hands around the girl’s ankles. 
Alarmed, Faren cried out and started to lose her balance, scratching at the bark of the tree in a struggle to stay on. At once, Damara shoved the boy away and steadied Faren with her hands. Ramsey toppled over in the leaf litter, yelping like a frightened pup. His mother rushed over to him, checking him all over as concerned as if an animal had just bitten him.
“Hey!” 
Damara looked up at the children’s father as he advanced on her. Intimidated, she took her hands off Faren, who now balanced fine on her own.
“You get out of here,” the father demanded. “And stay away from my children!”
Damara stepped back, gazing around at the family. Faren stared at her with wide, hazel green eyes. Damara opened her mouth to defend herself, forgetting the silence that would result.
It’s not what you think! She begged her voice to work, mouthing the words. All I wanted was to protect Faren! Please, believe me!
“Leave.” Faren’s father stepped closer. “Now.”
It’s no use. Damara sealed her quavering lips, a biting sensation prickling her eyes and nose. She turned away as tears blurred her vision and left, met head-on by the rain.
I just stopped that whelp from hurting Faren! She cried, embittered as the storm pummeled her endlessly. How can they hate me so much?!
I need to prove myself. Show them I’m not the witch they think I am.
Thunder rumbled overhead. Damara recalled the concern on Faren’s precious face. 
Faren trusts me. She knows me.
She doesn’t deserve the life of a refugee. All this hiding in fear…
Damara noticed Ivory perk her head up. From a pile of boulders, a couple of glow wyverns raced through the rain. There was the tunnel entrance and she entered, picking a place in the cave where no one would bother her. 
Alone on the cold stone ground, she sat, tears streaming from her closed eyes.
.  .  .
That night, Damara dreamt of a hundred glow wyverns flying in circles, aimless and confused. But then they tightened in formation, so close to each other that they fused together. In fact, now they didn’t look like wyverns at all. Instead, standing in their place was a tree. It was magnificent and, like the bat wyverns, it glowed. From its branches, a warm yellow illuminated Damara’s dream, inviting, promising, assuring.
Damara approached it, stepping into its boundless glory. 
At her feet lay something. She couldn’t tell what it was. All she knew was that she wanted it. 
But as she bent to pick it up, the tree before her broke apart into a hundred wyverns again. They shrieked and swarmed about her. She tried to yell but they funneled into her open mouth, scraping her insides with jagged wings and overgrown talons.
.  .  .
Damara awoke with a start. Judging by the bat wyverns still flitting around the cave, it was still night out. She checked on Ivory lying beside her. The creature almost looked dead as she slept, her wings splayed uselessly outward. But Damara could see her chest rising and falling and knew that she was fine.
What a strange dream, she thought. It took her a moment to remember exactly what it had been about and she lay still, watching the glow wyverns up above.
Oh, that’s right. The wyverns came together to form a tree…a glowing tree.
Why does that seem familiar? Is it because I just dreamt it or did I actually see…
“That’s it!” she exclaimed to herself, waking Ivory as she sat bolt upright. It didn’t even occur to her that her voice was back.
The tree! I saw it in the mountains once, when Chasm first took me there. That must be the tree Iris was referring to! It was glowing yellow, just like in my dream. Of course the Golden Dragon would claim it as her own.
Damara stood up, placing Ivory on her shoulder, her mind racing.
This could be my chance to redeem myself…If I bring back the clutch then everyone will see that I’m not who they think I am. 
Where’s Lynx? He’s already suggested that we go search on our own.
I can’t tell anyone else. Not Tyrone…definitely not Tyrone. He’d only try to stop us.
With eager yet quiet steps, Damara set out to find Lynx.
If Lynx and I could just find that tree, she thought, exiting through the rocky passageway, we’d be back within the day.
It was no longer raining outside, but a cold breeze swept over the fields and buffeted her face. With hurried strides, she ventured in the direction of the great chimney shaft entrance, hoping she’d find Lynx there on guard duty.
In the soft moonlight, she saw him at the edge of the large hole in the ground. The dragon turned as she approached, eyeing her skeptically. Judging by his lack of remarks, Damara assumed his voice was still gone.
She opened her mouth, about to speak when another dragon alighted next to them, startling her. It was Rosefinch.
“Oh, hello Damara,” the female said, neatly folding her wings against her sides. “What are you doing out here? I thought humans couldn’t see very well in the dark.”
Damara bit her lip. If I tell her my plans, no doubt she’ll tell Tyrone.
“Uh, yeah,” she answered, mind racing for an excuse. “I was just about to ask Lynx for help finding something I lost. His fire should make it easier for me to see.”
Rosefinch smiled. “Well, I was just about to take over guard duty anyway. I hope you find it.”
“Thanks,” Damara replied hastily. With a jerk of her head, she motioned for Lynx to come follow her. Thankfully, he complied, strutting alongside her as they walked a ways over the field, out of Rosefinch’s sight and earshot where they halted behind some boulders.
“I know where the clutch is,” she told Lynx facing him. “In the mountains, at the base of a glowing tree that I’ve seen before. If we go now, we can find it before Tyrone even knows we’re gone.”
Lynx smirked.
“Well?” Damara asked impatiently. “Isn’t this what you wanted? Let’s go!”
With a grin, Lynx opened his wings and she clambered up to straddle the base of his neck.
“Just fly to the mountain range and then I’ll tell you where the peak is,” she ordered, ignoring the grimy feel of his hide. 
Abruptly, he took off, clearly raring to begin. Jerked by the sudden movement, Damara grasped onto him with a deep breath.
No more waiting and praying.


Chapter 27


By the time the sun was up, Lynx was nearly upon the mountain range.
Didn’t I promise myself I’d never do this? Damara thought, disenchanted as she fought to keep her balance.
Flying on Lynx bareback was no easy task, let alone without any ropes to secure her. The dragon’s flight pattern was erratic as though he were a gigantic, scaly bat. 
We need to be on the lookout for the tree and Chasm, she determined.
He’s bound to be close.
Ivory startled her by mimicking the hoof beats of a galloping horse in her ear. Damara hadn’t really thought of the wyvern when she first decided to leave with Lynx. 
Don’t give us away with those random imitations of yours, she willed the creature. You’ll get us all killed if Chasm hears you.
No…Lynx could kill Chasm. He’s bigger…and he breathes fire…
At last, they reached the mountains. With brisk air rushing into her face, Damara stared down at the white scene below. All the peaks and saddles and valleys had been covered with a fresh layer of snow, making everything look blank. 
“Lynx!” she called over the wind. “Let’s land for a moment.”
The dragon must have heard her, for he glided down to a powdery plateau and stuck a landing. A puff of white kicked up in response, making Damara shiver as she slid from Lynx’s back. He turned to face her, cocking his head.
“I need to find out where we are,” she told him. Treading to the edge of the plateau, she gazed out at the jagged mountains surrounding them. Nothing looked familiar.
Alright, well, where are we in relation to the valley Chasm took me to? Are we in between there and the place where the Wystilian army killed off the rogues? Or are we close to where the mudslide was, at the Golden Dragon’s old hideout? It would make sense if the tree was near there, wouldn’t it?
As she contemplated this, Damara could hear Lynx playing around in the snow behind her. Clouds of white drifted over her, nipping the back of her neck and making it hard for her to think.
“Will you stop?” she snapped, turning to see him chasing his own tail. 
He broke out of his circle but teetered dizzily towards her, his eyes ticking back and forth as they fought to adjust. 
“Hey, watch it!” she yelled at him when he nearly bumped into her. “You’ll send me right down the slope!”
The dragon regained his balance and now grinned at her. 
“If you can’t bear to stay still, then keep searching while I figure out our location,” Damara said. “We’re looking for a big, glowing tree. Go fly around that tall mountain and see if you can spot it.” She pointed with her arm outstretched.
“Go fly around that tall mountain and see if you can spot it,” Ivory imitated her. 
Whoa, Damara thought, both surprised and amused. I sound so commanding. 
“Good. That’s two out of three.” she declared, the corners of her lips playing upwards. “Which makes your opinion worthless, Lynx.”
The dragon’s jaws gaped open and she could see him forming words on his tongue, but still no sound came out. He made a sour face, huffing flames at his feet as if to pout.
Damara smirked. “You should eat moths more often.” 
Lynx flippantly blew sparks in her face. She couldn’t help but laugh, pushing his muzzle away. The beast was unmovable, though, when he nosed her into the snow, snorting hot air from his nostrils.
“Hey, let me up!” she protested, scrambling out from under him. She could tell Lynx was just playing, but Chasm had stood over her like that far too many times before. Merely thinking about it put a twinge in her limbs.
Damara took a moment to let her discomfort fade. The snow around her sparkled, crisp and colorless, while a frosty breeze rustled her hair.
“Will you please take a look around that mountain?” she asked him nicely this time. “We can set off together again once I know where we are.”
Lynx barely even nodded before he took to the frigid air, creating another cloud of white as he beat his wings to fly. 
Where are we? Damara asked herself yet again.
“Mock dragons,” she cursed, kicking snow off the plateau to watch it blend in with the rest of the white farther down the slope.
She looked up as a lively burst of flame caught her eye. It was Lynx, flying back her way.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, straightening herself up. Spotting a bat dangling dead from his jaws, she accused, “You’ve been hunting?”
“Well!” the dragon exclaimed with his newly found voice, dropping the creature in the snow as he landed. “I caught it for you, but I’ll gladly eat it myself.” He opened his mouth to devour the bat, but Damara stopped him.
“Fine. I’m sorry,” she said, picking the creature up by its leathery wing. “I just thought you were fooling off.”
Lynx snorted. “Oh, I see. I can hunt for you- but catching food for myself would be fooling off, now would it?” 
He has a point, she knew, but smiled and replied, “Exactly.”
He snorted again, seemingly appreciative of her new found sense of humor. 
“Did you see anything?” Damara asked.
“Snow,” he answered. “Did you figure out where we are?”
“No.” Damara was embarrassed to reply.
“Well, are you going to eat that bat or not?”
“Not raw,” Damara laughed lightly. “Here, will you cook it for me?” She tossed the carcass on the ground in front of Lynx. “Just don’t burn it too much.”
The dragon made a game of blasting short bursts of flame at the dead creature, then pawed it over to do the same to the other side. He danced around it like a pup bopping a turtle- except this pup was huge and scaly with fire coming out of his mouth.
“Alright, that’s enough!” she laughed, stopping his fun. The bat was smoking hot and she shoved a layer of snow over it to cool it down. 
“You’re burying it?!” Lynx griped. 
“I’m going to eat it. Calm down.” Damara shook her head at his fussing.
She pulled the bat out from under the snow, digging under its skin to get to the meat. It was a little too burnt even for her taste, but she ate it gratefully.
“Hey, careful!” she scolded Ivory as the wyvern snapped up bits of meat offered to her. “You’ll choke or bite my fingers off. Maybe both.” 
Having eaten all that she could, Damara threw the remains into the air and Lynx snapped them up in an instant. Ivory’s claws poked through her dress as she placed the wyvern under her cloak. She winced, wondering if it was worth doing Ivory the favor or if monigons didn’t even get cold.
“Alright,” she sighed. “Let’s get back to searching.”
Lynx perked up and let her mount his back once more. In no time they were in the air, soaring over the mountains. The wind made Damara’s eyes water and she wondered how she’d ever be able to spot the tree with her vision so blurry.
Then, in the corner of her eye, something shone bright yellow.
“There it is!” she exclaimed, prodding Lynx in the throat. He craned his neck to see where she was pointing and descended. Damara could barely contain her excitement as they neared the tree. It looked like a crown atop the mountain peak, glitzing in the morning light. 
The moment Lynx’s feet hit the icy ground, she slipped off his back, gazing up at the magnificent tree. It was just as she remembered it- a dark gnarled trunk which split into branches that splayed out into long thin twigs. And on those twigs glimmered thousands of little winged seeds.
Golden seeds.
Damara stood back in awe. 
Lynx, however, didn’t seem to care at all. He just circled the base of the tree, pawing out snow from between its arched roots. “This is a human’s job,” he complained, looking up at her. “You’re the one with hands.”
But Damara was too distracted. Mesmerized, even.
“Do you not see this?” she asked him, motioning to the tree with great emphasis. “There’s gold- growing on a tree!”
Lynx cocked his head at her gestures, grinning as he mocked the movement of her arms with his wings. 
Forget it, she thought. Just like in her dream, she felt welcomed in by the metallic glow of the tree. 
I’m going to climb it, she decided. 
Stepping up onto frosty roots, she found plenty of handholds on the tree’s knotted trunk. Effortlessly scaling up the tree, it wasn’t long before Damara found herself in the thick of its branches. She settled in the sturdy crook of two of them, dazzled by the sight.
Countless seeds hung around her like ornaments, an enchanting spectacle. 
Her fingers delicately pinched the thin, gold wing of one. She plucked it with caution, wincing as it caused a number of seed-laden twigs to tremble around it.
“Amazing,” she breathed.
The seed was finely detailed, seemingly stitched with leaf-like veins over its flimsy curved wing. She was perplexed by how light it was, expecting anything made of metal, precious or not, to have some weight to it.
Another seed whirled down and landed in Damara’s hair. She picked it out, slipping the wings of both between the blade of her dagger and its sheath.
I have to show these to someone. Someone who can admire them.
Suddenly, a slew of snapping sounds erupted in front of her and she stared in alarm as Lynx began forcing his way through the twigs. A shower of gold rained beneath him, each loosed seed spiraling through the air. Numerous sticks fell to the ground, their dull brown color stark against the white of the snow.
“What are you doing?!” Damara shouted at him, glaring with a mixture of contempt and disbelief. 
“The question is,” the dragon replied, “what are you doing?” He stared into her eyes with unsettling inquiry, his legs spread wide apart for the support of many branches. 
“I’m appreciating this beautiful creation,” she fumed. “But you couldn’t recognize beauty even if it lashed you in the face, could you? You don’t even realize what harm you’re doing to this tree!”
“Oh, I do,” he said, carelessly whipping the branches with his tail to watch countless seeds twirl out from them.
“How dare you!” Damara tried to maintain her balance as she jumped up to face him. 
Lynx merely smirked at her. “If I didn’t know better, I’d have thought you accepted the firesap. Scream any louder and maybe Chasm will come say hello.”
Chasm! At last, Lynx’s words got through to her. She shut her mouth, crouching back down as she peered past thousands of seeds in fear of seeing Chasm suddenly appear. What have I done?!
There were a few moments in which not even Lynx made a sound.
Nothing happened.
But now Damara’s head was clear of the golden seeds’ charm and she remembered what they were there for. Embarrassed, she tucked her hair behind her ears. 
“The eggs must be here,” she said. “I’m sure of it.”
She leapt down from the tree and he followed, breaking a few more branches on the way. More gold and wood scattered onto the snow already churned by Lynx’s foreclaws.
At the foot of the duchess’ tree…Damara anxiously knelt before the tree trunk. Her hands slipped into the pure white, digging out frigid clumps from between the tree’s roots.
 Could a dragon’s clutch even survive under the snow? She began to worry as she determined there were no eggs in the place where she dug. Moving to the right, she started searching another gap in the tree’s many roots.
Behind her, Lynx tossed his head like a horse.
“I know it’s here,” she told him, though doubt seeped into her heart like the cold numbing her pink fingers. “I dreamt it.”
Scoop, scoop, nothing. Scoop, scoop, nothing. Once, she felt something hard and round but found that it was only a rock.
Where is it?! With frenzied, aching cold hands, Damara dug all around the tree, between all the roots, all the way down to the ground. But there was no clutch. Only dirt and rock and wood.
“What?!” she cried, fingernails torn and bleeding from her efforts. “No!”
She stared at the ground, hands resting uselessly in the snow. 
“I don’t understand,” she whispered. “Where else could it be?”
Twisting around to see Lynx, their eyes met. It shocked her how smarmy he looked even now, as though everything was as it should be.
“Don’t you see?” Damara said, tears nearly spilling onto her cheeks. “It isn’t here! I was wrong.”
With a swish of his tail, he nodded. “That you were.”
“Don’t you care at all?” she questioned him. “I don’t have any idea where the clutch is! Aren’t you angry?”
Lynx laughed. “I wasn’t counting on you to be right. All I suggested was that we search for the clutch ourselves. You were the one so set on finding this lousy tree.”
“Oh, so you’re going to chastise me now?” Damara prickled with indignation. “Well sorry for trying to solve the mystery. Clearly I need to step back and let you make sense of it all.” 
“My, aren’t you touchy!” Lynx scoffed. 
“Will you shut up?!” she snapped. “Do you make a point of being bothersome?” 
“Oh, as if you’re a delight to be around,” he snickered.
She opened her mouth to object, then realized the harsh truth in his words. Oh no, she feared. I’m not like Lynx, am I? That’s not how people see me, is it?!
He smirked at her, a twinkle in his eye.
Maybe I need to calm down and think things over…
Alright, so we need to find the clutch.
I heard Iris say it was at the foot of the duchess’ tree, but it’s not here.
Could I have misinterpreted her? I can’t imagine that she’d refer to anyone else but the Golden Dragon as a duchess. Perhaps the Golden Dragon favored a different tree. Unless…
“Hey!” An idea struck her. “What if Iris meant the foot of the mountain of the duchess’ tree? That would make sense, wouldn’t it? Better to lay a clutch at the bottom of a mountain than the top, isn’t it?”
“Don’t ask me,” Lynx defended himself. “I wouldn’t know a single thing about laying a clutch!”
Damara gave a small smile. “Neither would I.”
Walking to the edge of the peak, she peered down the mountainside. 
It’s so steep, she thought. But that makes it clear where the true base of the mountain is.
“Alright,” she said, rubbing her freezing hands together. “Why don’t we split up? You search down there and I’ll search the other side.”
“Fine,” he sighed.
Damara squinted up at the sky. “Come find me when the sun is directly above our heads. Or if not, I’ll meet you back up here.”
Lynx agreed, then leapt to slide down the slope on all fours, head and tail held high, wings propped open. Damara laughed a little to herself as she watched, almost thinking it looked fun.
I suppose I’d better get started, too, she decided, turning to hike down the other side, away from the grand tree. Its golden seeds sprinkled the peak like confetti and Damara had to remind herself to focus on finding the clutch.
Descending the slope, she eased her way around questionable breaks in the deep snow, hopping over a rocky ledge, slipping a little ways down. Eventually, she reached the base of the mountain where an icy valley met her feet.
Now, if I were a haughty female dragon named Iris, she asked herself, looking left and right, where would I lay my clutch? 
No answer came to her. Already she was beginning to feel doubtful. With a half-hearted scoop of her hands, she removed some snow here and there, finding nothing but more snow. I can’t dig up the entire valley, she complained inwardly.
Maybe Lynx could melt all the snow away with his fire, she thought, only partly kidding. Are dragon eggs fireproof? 
She checked under the clefts of rock and knots of tree roots, increasingly discouraged as she realized she wasn’t even sure what a dragon’s clutch looked like. She envisioned it as a nest full of giant chicken eggs.
They could be lava red, she fantasized, trekking farther along the mountain base. And so hot to the touch that they’d burn my hands…
Damara tugged her hood on. Now I sound like Faren.
Wouldn’t it make more sense if the eggs were like that snake’s clutch I once stumbled across? Leathery and jammed together?
Do I even know where I’m going? I’m not even searching anymore!
She halted in her feverous hike, allowing herself to relax. She looked to the tree standing on the mountain top. Other peaks rose higher behind it. She could no longer see the glint of gold on its branches.
Distracted, she pulled the winged seeds from her belt, then stared at them in amazement.
They had lost their polished gold sheen. Now they just looked like normal seeds, brown and papery.
She flicked their wings, bent them, squeezed them. Nothing stood out about them anymore. They were just seeds.
Magic? Damara was baffled. It was all a trick?
And I thought they were something worth showing off! 
It reminded her how she once thought of Chasm in the same way- amazing, perfect, full of promise for a brighter future…
I was a fool! She shredded the seeds’ wings in spite and balled them up in her fist.
Slowly, her hand released, letting the mangled seeds fall onto the snow. She hoped they would freeze and never grow. She didn’t want the tree to spawn any saplings like itself.
No more foolishness, she promised herself. I won’t fall for any more tricks from now on.
Looking up at the sun, she realized it was time to meet back up with Lynx. 
It doesn’t look like he’ll be coming to find me like I asked…Guess I have to climb up to the peak…
How nice it must be to have wings, she thought longingly as she hiked the steep, snowy slope leading up to the tree. The air was thin and she had to stop to catch her breath, again and again. 
At last, she reached the top, leaning a hand against the gnarled tree trunk as she panted. Now that she was near, the seeds were glimmering gold again and she scoffed at their fraudulence.
Maybe I can see where Lynx is. Walking to the edge of a cliff, a magnificent view of the valleys dipped before her. Maybe he found the eggs and is waiting for me to come help him move them!
Despite her hopes, she could not see Lynx at the bottom of the mountain. 
Could he have flown off for some reason? Damara’s eyes raked the scene for movement. A couple of birds soared in the distance and she stared at them, confused. 
Such long tails. What kind of bird are they?
One pumped its wings and she froze. The edges of their wings were jagged like a bat’s and they appeared to have four legs.
Dragons!
She followed them anxiously with her eyes, trying to think of who they could possibly be. She could see them just well enough to discern the colors of their hides, one reddish, the other black.
Rogues?! she worried, crouching low to the ground. How’d they survive Wystil’s attack?
The pair swooped to land and she gaped, seeing a third dragon already standing there. 
Lynx! Even if she hadn’t seen the marine green hue of his shape, she’d have recognized him by his peculiar posture.
The couple stood facing Lynx, likely conversing with him. Damara feared they might suddenly attack him, but neither did. Still, she saw no hint of friendliness in their body language. 
Does Lynx know them? Is he asking them about the clutch?
Would they want to hurt the clutch?
Eyes widening, she recalled Rosefinch’s words about the rogues she once ran with. Is it missing because they ate it?!
Damara gasped, flattening herself with her chin in the snow as she thought she saw them turn to stare in her direction. She knew how keen dragons’ eyes were.
Crawl out of view, she told herself. It was tricky trying not to lift her body as she wriggled to scoot backwards, but she managed. The moment she thought she was obscured, she got up on hands and knees to scramble behind the gnarled tree.
What if they attack Lynx? What could I even do?
They might even find more reason to hurt him if they know he’s with me. 
Despite the trunk behind her, Damara anticipated she might still be visible. She crept down the slope in front of her, putting the mountain peak between her and the dragons. There was a cleft of snow for her to go around, descending the thickly powdered slant until she reached a rocky cliff. There she sat, trying to make out a route for her to follow should she find the desperate need to run. It made her uneasy to see how the mountainside dropped steep below her.
I might not be able to keep my footing, sprinting down that slope. And if I tripped…nothing would be there to stop me from tumbling all the way…
As she thought further, she knew fleeing would be futile.
There was no such thing as outrunning a dragon. Dragons had wings. Even when grounded, they were extremely fast.
Maybe there’s no reason to worry. Lynx looked at ease with them.
Everything’s probably fine. Damara tried to calm her nerves. Just because I don’t know those dragons doesn’t mean they’re dangerous. Well, every dragon is dangerous, but they might have good intentions.
“Ow!” Ivory startled Damara. She curiously looked at the wyvern tucked under her cloak. The voice had sounded like that of a boy.
“Hey!” Ivory laughed after a pause. “Damara, come look at this!”
Damara’s eyes widened with shock, the thin mountain air taken from her lungs. 
That voice…
She began to tremble. It was her brother’s, clearly young, like the time they lived with the dragons. She waited without breathing, willing Ivory to speak some more. 
Silence.
Tears stung Damara’s eyes as she recalled Xander’s face. She prayed that he was still alive. She prayed that she could see him again, when all was well. 
I want to go home.
How foolish I was to have ever left…I need to tell him I’m sorry.
But not yet. Damara’s face hardened with determination.
I’m going to earn my place back home.
Then, like a condor in flight, a dark shape appeared in the cloudy sky overhead, sailing far above Damara’s head. She frightfully reeled back to keep it in sight, trying to make out who it was. The dragon passed over her and she twisted around to see it land on the high ledge of snow.
Unable to hold the beast’s weight, the ledge collapsed. Large clumps of ice fell down to the steep white slope below, causing a fracture in the perfect curve. 
Damara gasped as great plumes billowed and an immense body of snow came rushing towards her. The sound of it was like thunder in the earth. 
She tried to jump down to the shelter of her rocky overhang, but slipped down a ways. Her feet planted themselves only in time for her to turn and watch as the avalanche came, swallowing her whole. 
Light! Dark! Light! Dark!
Damara could do nothing as she tumbled inside the roving bulk of snow and ice. It felt like drowning in the river, except this was more violent, more sickening than she could have ever imagined.
This is it, Damara believed, giving in to the thrashing, mindless mass. I am going to die.
Then, like a battle drawing to an end, the avalanche slouched to a halt. 
From constant rotation to sudden stillness, Damara felt the snow compact around her, trapping her.
Her eyesight wavered. She found little room to breathe. Ice pressed up against her teeth. Snow restricted her entire body from moving.
All she could do was surrender to the deep darkness of her own mind. 
All she could do was lose herself to nothingness.
.  .  .
A light flickered inside Damara’s head. 
A tiny flame.
A torch, in fact, held by a boy who led a small redheaded girl away, into the dark nothingness that engulfed everything else.
Wait! Damara tried to run after them, but she couldn’t tell if she even had a body.
One way or another, her vision followed after the children- or child, as the girl had disappeared.
Where is Faren? Damara asked the boy, who turned to her, still holding the torch. A chill overtook her, became her, drew some unnamed memory from the depths of her mind. 
The boy gazed at her with wisdom in his eyes.
Faren is with her family now, the boy answered, growing into a man whose face was all too familiar to her. 
Xander? Damara was stunned by love, or fear.
Sister, come home.
The vision of her brother began to fade, overtaken by the light of the torch that spread outwards, revealing to her the world. 
She was awake.
The torch light, she slowly came to realize, was actually the sun, shrouded by grey overcast but still shining, a bright spot in the sky. Damara ached all over. She was lying on her back, now on top of the snow, rather than buried within it.
Snowflakes tested her eyes and she blinked, trying to clear them. It took her a moment to realize the shadow looming over her was something living.
Damara’s chest constricted as she made out the being’s features- teeth bared, narrowed eyes, flaring nostrils, gathered creases around the muzzle. 
This was a dragon. Oak grey. Battle-scarred.
Chasm.


Chapter 28


“It- It’s you,” Damara wheezed, her numb mind racing in efforts to develop a plan. Chasm was sure to kill her if she didn’t give him a reason not to.
Chasm’s eyes became thin slits as he scrutinized her. His breath was warm against her face.
He must have dug me out, which means…he thinks I’m of use to him. 
She rummaged frantically through her brain, searching for what next to say.
“You were right,” she told him, swallowing painfully. She closed her eyes, praying he wouldn’t see straight through her lies. “Everyone wants me dead. The Dragon Knight would’ve killed me had I not come here…” 
She waited for him to respond, squirming inside. 
There was a pause and then, just as before, Chasm exposed his side to her, ordering, “Climb up.”
Damara knew that if she were to hesitate, she’d only endanger herself. 
Sorely, she sat up. A tumbling sensation still haunted her and she gripped a nearby tree for support, shakily getting to her feet. She could tell the place she stood wasn’t where the avalanche happened. Everything looked in perfect order. 
Chasm must have flown me here. Which means…Lynx probably doesn’t know where I am.
Chasm watched her, poised as still as a mountain lion. The membrane of his wings was warped by battle scars and his tail was kinked, as though once broken. Nonetheless, he looked as strong as ever. 
Will he take me to where the clutch is? Damara wondered.
The ropes she once tied around him were gone, but that was the least of her worries. She approached him with gritted teeth, determined not to stagger into him before taking hold and heaving herself up onto his back.
Back to this?! Something screamed inside of her. She straddled the base of Chasm’s neck with a shudder. 
No, she told herself angrily as Chasm took to the air. I just have to wait for Lynx to come and maybe…just maybe, I’ll find out where the clutch is. 
The back of Chasm’s head bore an especially visible battle scar, reminding Damara of the metal spear tip once lodged there. Deformed scales dipped into a big divot in his skull, grotesque and frightening to look at. It made her wonder if any weapon could ever kill him- or if he’d just keep rising up, again and again. 
Her heavy cloak caught the wind, lifting at times like a pair of wings. Something nestled into her side and she spooked, wrenching up her arm to see what clung underneath.
She was baffled, staring down at Ivory, who was snagged onto her clothes, seemingly unharmed. How are you not dead?! 
My cloak could’ve held you in…but still, it must be by the grace of God you weren’t crushed. And my dagger is still sheathed in my belt.
She stroked the crippled wyvern, comforted to know she wasn’t alone with Chasm. 
If we can both survive an avalanche, she considered hopefully, maybe we’ll live to see your master again.
Or even my brother. 
The dream of Xander came back to her, like a moth fluttering inside her chest, soft and silent but very much alive.
Sister, come home.
Damara breathed in deep, feeling each powerful stroke of Chasm’s wings. The threat he posed seemed to wither away from her concerns. Now, she saw him as an obstacle. One she was sure to pass over, just as long as she had the determination enough to do so. And there was no question about that.
Where is he taking me? They left the mountain range, entering what was once called dragon territory. It’s not really the dragons’ territory now, is it? she thought, gazing down at the fresh, spring canopy of trees. There on the ground was where the battle had happened, when Wystil nearly slew the entire dragon population.
Wystil had their losses, too, she remembered grievously. Her heart felt as though it were scalding as she imagined her own brother’s skeleton, lying among countless others. 
No! she yelled at the vision. Xander’s alive. He’s waiting for me to come home.
And soon I’ll be with him.
I will.	
.  .  .
Several days passed and Damara’s hopes for Lynx withered away.
She often held Ivory close, regarding her as some precious holder of memories. 
“Look here, Son, and I’ll show you how to tell the gender of a dragon,” Ivory imitated a gruff but cheery man. “See those enlarged scales near the base of Ivory’s tail…Ty, are you paying attention?”
Ivory took on a young boy’s voice to say, “Kara said if I ever looked at a girl like that, she’d give me a dozen lashes!”
“Did she now?” Ivory hollered with laughter. “Oh, your mother would’ve loved to hear that…”
Damara’s heart fluttered in merriment, but she pressed her fingers against her lips to stop any sound from slipping through. She treasured the glimpse of Tyrone’s life formed in her head, soothed by how familiarly the voices addressed each other. It told of family. It told of love.
A few yards away, Chasm slopped about in the green swamp that surrounded them. Methodically he searched, just as he had since the day Damara was forced to join with him again. He never told her what he was looking for, but there was no question about it.
He was looking for the clutch.
How can he not know where it is? Damara brooded. Did Iris lie to him?
Does the clutch even exist at all? She wouldn’t put it past the jealous female to put on an act just for Chasm’s approval.
Damara looked up at the fully leaved trees, feeling the warm sun on her face. Didn’t Tyrone say the clutch would hatch at the end of spring? 
“Climb up,” Chasm stood before her now, pond scum dripping from his wings.
What does he even want with me? she lamented, climbing up onto his back. Before, he made me plant symbols and serve as his protection in battle. I was his slave.
He must have some other reason for keeping me. Another purpose.
Does he want me to handle the eggs for him when he finds them? If he finds them?
Is he afraid someone might still come after him?
Chasm flicked his tail and gnashed his teeth, muttering to himself.
He just keeps getting angrier.
What if he kills me?
I’m powerless.
Her eyes fell to her reflection in the water. Even sitting on the back of a magnificent beast, she looked so defeated. So broken spirited.
It made her angry.
Have I really let myself become his captive again?! she questioned herself furiously.
“Damara, look!” Ivory exclaimed from her shoulder, interrupting her thoughts. “She matches your ring!”
Faren. Damara slumped at the sound of the sweet child’s voice. It reminded her that she wasn’t the only one in danger. Faren, Tyrone, Xander…everyone was at stake.
Can’t I do something to save them? Whatever happens now will affect everyone. All the ones I love. The entire kingdom.
Damara squeezed her eyes shut.
God, she prayed genuinely. If I have to stop all this myself…
Please, just show me how.
Chasm took flight, crashing up through the canopy of the moss-coated trees. He flew with rapid strokes, as though the faster he went brought him that much closer to finding what he wanted.
Damara had trouble breathing and holding on at such breakneck speed. She could barely keep her eyes open enough to see Chasm fly daringly close between two tall trees. Twigs smacked her forehead and she ducked to avoid a branch as thick as Chasm’s neck. I’ll get knocked off if he keeps this up! 
Be still! she willed her pounding heart. Think of Xander.
The dream returned to her, a refuge inside her mind. 
Sister, come home.
The wind robbed her eyes of the tears that welled inside them.
From the distance, a noise grew louder and louder. Sucking and smashing, pushing and pulling. Damara stared out in expectation, gasping when she saw the earth drop with alarming abruptness to open up to an endless, ever stirring mass.
The sea! 
Chasm turned his body to fly along the line of the coast. Dark ocean waters spread out on one side of her, green land on the other. Taller than any castle wall, sheer cliffs stood strong against the colossal waves that rose up and bashed into them. The sound was tremendous.
Then, Chasm banked, back towards the land and Damara focused her eyes on something up ahead.
What is that?
Chasm stiffened beneath her as they approached a gaping hole in the ground. Damara saw that it was a rounded cave with water trapped inside, like a deeply sunken pond. 
A giant bowl naturally dug out of the earth… 
Chasm landed heavily on the surrounding wall’s edge, sending pebbles down into the water from where he perched. A growl reverberated deep within his throat.
Damara’s eyes widened as she saw someone inside, curled up in the farthest corner of the dark pit.
It can’t be…
Chasm gathered his powerful haunches beneath him, readying as if to pounce.
Wait!
Damara dug her nails into her legs. 
It’s…it’s…
“Tide!” she screamed out to the teal dragon below. “Get out!”
He made no response. Made no move.
Chasm, however, craned his neck to stare over his shoulder at her. 
Damara stared back in terror. 
Is he going to kill us?!
“Don’t hurt him,” she begged. 
Fury blazed through the dragon’s eyes.
With creases gathered around his jagged, bare teeth, he snarled, “Watch.”
No! 
Chasm snapped his head forward and dove.
Tide remained upsettingly still as Chasm headed straight for him. 
Gripping tight and horrified, Damara could see Stag’s death begin to re-enact itself. His once strong body suddenly powerless, slaughtered in his courageous last moments. She remembered the abhorrent sounds of his flesh tearing. The sight of his blood covering the ground.
And now it was going to happen all over again…to Tide.
No.
Tearing her eyes away from Tide’s vulnerable form huddled below, Damara stared at Chasm’s head directly in front of her. There was the battle-scar at the base of his skull, pulsating to the beat of his heart.
A flood of strength came over her and she took the dagger from her belt. Shadows of the cave swallowed them as she heaved herself forward, blade held out in front of her, and then- 
Thukk
In one mighty thrust, Damara shoved the blade into the chink of Chasm’s skull. Past the hilt. Far as it would go. 
Immediately, the dragon lurched. His wings, once tucked in for the dive, flung out as wind caught them and he spiraled uncontrollably. Damara tried to hold on, just realizing what she’d done.
Chasm was dead.
Like a stone, they dropped. Damara panicked, pushing off with her legs as they plummeted for the water. Chasm’s corpse hit the surface just before she did, sending a wave up to meet her. Water engulfed her.
Her body seized up and she cried out, water filling her mouth. She struggled to remove her heavy cloak, feeling Ivory’s claws dig into her neck.
Save me, Tide!
Something writhed in front of her. A long, dark body that whipped against her legs. 
Chasm?!
Terrified, she kicked off from the beast, coughing and sputtering as she broke the surface.
Get out! Get away! Damara splashed for the shore, spotting Tide still curled up in the farthest reaches of the cave. She heard something huge emerge behind her as she scrambled out of the water and sprinted for Tide.
She slammed herself against the cave wall before daring to look back at the murky pond. 
Hissing, with eyes locked on her, was not Chasm, but a sea serpent poised in the water. Damara pressed further back against the wall.
The orange, spiny creature arched itself grotesquely. Small, sharp teeth lined its jaws. Webbing crowned its head. Glaring at her a moment longer, the serpent turned its slick head and disappeared underwater.
Sopping wet, Damara collapsed to the ground, retching. Her entire body trembled wildly. Tide lay beside her.
“Tide!” she pleaded, shaking the dragon. “Tide!”
She feared he was dead.
Please, no! Wake up!
At last, he groaned, lifting his heavy eyelids to look up at her.
“Damara?” he rasped weakly. Only then did she realize he was curled around something, several things.
As he stirred, his wing lifted and she gasped. Spherical objects, at least a half-dozen of them, lay there in a pile, gleaming in the gloom of the cave. 
Iris’ clutch!
He slightly readjusted his body, forming a protective shield around them.
“Tide,” she wept. “Are you alright?”
The dragon’s sides heaved and he opened his eyes to peer at her again. The sea serpent reappeared, coiling its thin body in the center of the pond to peer at them.
Tide cringed. 
“Damara, listen,” he urged without raising his head. “I can’t leave the clutch. The eggs are starting to hatch and the younglings might wander too close to that beast. You need to climb out of here and go get help.”
“No, no…Tide, please,” she sobbed. “I can’t…” 
“You have to-” he wheezed. “Just follow along the coast until you reach the dry creek bed. There’s a wizard at the other end of that trail. Tell him to get Tyrone.”
Wet hair clung to Damara’s face and her limbs wouldn’t stop from quavering. She could barely keep herself upright, but knew there was no other option.
“I’ll try,” she cried, salty tears blending with the pond water already on her lips.
“Wait,” Tide puffed. He moved his foreclaw, letting something wriggle out from under it.
A hatchling. 
“Take him.”
But how?! Damara caught the little one up in her arms.
Tide let his head loll and closed his eyes once more. There was no way he could keep hold of the hatchling for much longer.
I have to do it.
Already the hatchling gripped onto Damara’s clothes, holding tight as if it were his nature to do so. Soaked, her dress stuck to her legs. It was hard for her to breathe, as though fear had her lungs in its grasp.
With Ivory around her neck and the hatchling at her waist, Damara placed her dripping hands on rugged stone, gazing up at the large sky hole overhead.
I’m too weak! she cried inside, uneven breath glancing off the rock she drew closer to. 
Give me strength…


Chapter 29


“Hunting a fox, me and my son.
Dragon hounds have her on the run.
Chasing that vixen’s all I know.
Come now, arrow, nock on the bow.”

Ivory sang gruffly in Damara’s ear. With clenched teeth and limbs shaking uncontrollably, Damara fought to climb upwards. Other sounds filled the cave behind her, water lapping at the shore as cracks and pops shot off the walls.
What is that noise?! She was unable to look over her shoulder at its source.
Panting, she tucked her chin into her chest, staring past her feet to see just how high she’d gotten. The hatchling around her waist stared up at her with curious eyes. His black body inched its way to her shoulder blade, sending chills down her spine.
Damara could see Tide a ways down. He looked to be asleep. 
If I were to fall right now…she worried, then cut her thoughts short. 
No. I won’t.
Strenuously, she reached for another handhold, readjusting her grip again and again before trusting it would last. Stuck in an awkward position, her foot strived for a new place. The threat of slipping tested her like a cruel boy taunting a trapped animal. Still, she refused to panic.
The sea serpent’s hissing echoed off the cavern walls and Ivory joined in, causing Damara to seize up and cringe. 
“Sttoppp,” she beseeched the wyvern, her voice wavering. The hatchling gave a short whine, his claws gripping her painfully through the fabric of her dress. Still, Damara made her way towards the sky. 
At last, the crumbling ledge hung just above her. She squinted up at it, looking for some possible way over. She twisted her body dangerously around as she noticed a thick tangle of roots dangling off to the side of her. With great care, she checked her stability before reaching out with one hand to tug on it.
Please hold, she willed the roots, doubts prickling her mind like a thousand needles.
She sought for a foothold inside the cluster of roots and eased herself onto it. A bit of dirt dislodged from the hairy wood, falling down to where Tide guarded the nest. Damara dared not glance at the sea serpent.
Finally, she reached the top of the roots, heaving her entire body up onto solid ground. She lay stomach down in the grass and wept, her limbs aching.
The hatchling climbed off her back and began to wander away. 
Come here. She coughed, feebly rising to scoop the little dragon up. He wriggled in protest at first, then relaxed in her arms. 
On quivering legs, Damara stood and peered down into the watery cave. She froze at the gruesome sight. 
Below her, the young sea serpent undulated through bloodied water with Chasm’s limp tail in his jaws. During Damara’s ascent from the cave, it had managed to dismember the dead dragon. The membrane from Chasm’s wing was torn away. One of his legs had huge hunks of flesh detached, reminding her of the deer haunches she’d seen dragons feast on. Chasm’s dead eyes were fixed open. Damara thought she saw the dagger still lodged inside his skull.
Oh God, she balked. Tide…
I have to hurry!
Despite her fatigue, she quickened her pace towards the nearby coast, staggering as she remembered Tide’s words, ‘Just follow along the coast until you reach the dry creek bed.’
Before her, the earth cut off into steep, towering cliffs. Below them, the ocean spread out, far vaster than her mind could comprehend. 
With great force, a wave crashed against the land and Damara trembled. Memories rattled her. Memories of an entire dragon colony flying over wide, choppy waters into the open sky…without her.
Don’t stop now. 
She hurried along as water swelled and again smashed against the earth. Sea wyverns screeched, their grey bodies blending in with the cliffs until they broke away to sail the air, like live gargoyles.
How will I know when I’ve reached the creek bed? Damara feared, stumbling over the ground. How am I going to get help in time?
A sick feeling overcame her as she noticed the sun drawing ever closer to the sea. The dark waters lightened, welcoming the great ball of fire. Waves sounded even more violent as a wind began to pick up. Damara hastened on.
Then, finally-
The creek bed!
Damara wasted no time stumbling up the natural path, into the forest. Very little water trickled over the wash, like a tongue trying to moisten parched lips. This route felt familiar to her, but she didn’t pause to reflect on it. Tide’s life depended on her to be swift and tireless.
She passed a clearing where a strange, flowery scent prickled her nose, a lingering ghost. Ivory imitated her as she sneezed, but still Damara pushed on, looking ahead as she came upon the mountains. 
No…
Aghast, Damara halted in place, staring at the wreckage of a shelter collapsed against the mountainside. The creek bed cut straight into the mountain range, the pathway through which the Wystilian army had come.
The surrounding trees were burnt from a battle of man and beast, their trunks charred black. The area had obviously been looted since then, for no weapons scattered the ground. Nor was a single dead man in sight, the bodies apparently buried.  
Upon the mountainside, the broken shelter was clearly abandoned. 
Something else lay nearby as well, also deserted by life.
A foul odor wafted from the rotting corpse of a dragon. Neither the beast’s gender nor color could be distinguished. Flesh clung to its bones like sopping rags and its eye sockets were empty. Damara felt queasy at the sight of maggots spilling from its open ribcage. She pressed her hand to her mouth, blocking out the stench.
Where is the Wizard?! she grew even more panicky, swiveling her gaze in hopes for any sign of life.
Then, looking to the mountains, her heart faltered. 
As still as trees, two dragons stood against the sky, watching her. Just by their posture, Damara recognized them as the ones she’d seen speaking to Lynx before the avalanche.
Are they hunting me?! she feared, staring up at their hostile stance. Did they kill Lynx?
She looked around frantically. Lynx was nowhere to be seen. Burdened by a hatchling and a half-crippled wyvern, Damara was alone.
I can’t outrun them.
But I can’t fight them with any hope of winning, either.
With haste, she placed the drowsy hatchling between two roots of a tree, before turning with her back against the trunk.
And then she waited. 
In time, the dragons appeared, swift and silent as they slipped out of the undergrowth to stand but a few yards away from her. One, a ruddy female, stared at her intensely. The other lingered steadily behind, a flat black male with light grey wings and plating.
“Look how she holds herself,” the female spoke to her companion, studying Damara. “Not at all like the armored men who came before her.”
Don’t look scared.
The dragons didn’t advance on her. They were waiting, like her.
“Where is Lynx?” Damara asked, cramming as much hostility into her voice as she could.
The reddish female narrowed her eyes, matching Damara’s scorn as she answered, “You’re ally left for the kingdom after finding you were gone. It took him hours of digging at the snow to finally accept it.”
“He thinks I’m dead?” Damara was unable to hide her surprise.
“I’ve never seen that whelp so troubled,” the female replied unfeelingly. 
Remorse weighed down on Damara, but she held herself straighter. 
“So what do you want?” she demanded.
The dragon glowered past her feet. “What are you doing with that hatchling?” 
Damara took a glance down at the little one. He was exactly where she’d placed him, fast asleep.
“What does it matter to you?” she challenged. “He isn’t yours.”
“He is one of my kind in the hands of a human,” the dragon rumbled. “I don’t settle well with him in harm’s way.”
“I heard rogues eat their young,” Damara said. “I could just as well assume the same about you.”
The female stiffened. “I’ve killed others for committing such murderous acts,” she growled darkly. “Don’t judge us all so broadly.”
“Then we have something in common,” Damara said. “But if I wait any longer, more will die. Innocent lives.”
The female looked at her companion, who murmured something. 
“What do you mean?” the female dragon asked Damara with a harshness, turning back to her.
“I have to find the Wizard.”
“The Wizard left this place when his friend nearly killed him,” the female told her, jerking her head towards the rotting dragon’s corpse.
Damara glanced past them at the decaying body.
“Where can I find him?” she urged, sensing the sky getting darker as dusk came upon them. 
The female didn’t respond. Instead, the male addressed Damara for the first time.
“In the simmergrass,” he answered.
“Where is that?”
“Down this mountain range, within the Narrow Valley.”
Damara bit her lip. She’d never even heard of the Narrow Valley.
I have to get help now! Tide can’t protect all those little ones once they’ve hatched.
She knew she’d have to take risks.
“Can you take me there?”
.  .  .
The dragons left Damara at the edge of the simmergrass, disappearing into the dark forest without so much as a farewell. They never even told her their names.
Damara held the sleeping hatchling in her arms, staring up at the moonlit sea of reeds. Tall trees stood among them, branching out at the very tops of their smooth, skinny trunks to form a flat leafy canopy above. 
The Wizard’s in there? 
Damara hesitated, not sure of where to enter. The lanky simmergrass filled the entire space between two mountains, swaying in the breeze. 
I’ll surely get lost.
“Hello?” she called out, stepping forward to peer inside. Nothing but layers upon layers of reeds met her eyes, but then something flitted overhead and she looked to the canopy. Little phoenixes gathered on the branches, their fiery colors dimmed by the night. She could see just well enough to know that they were watching her, feathers ruffling.
Oh, no…Damara backed up a bit, eyes fastened on them. She remembered how they had attacked Tide in the fall, driving their beaks for his eyes. They could do a lot more harm to me than him.
Ominously, the small birds took to the air, flocking above her head. Unlike the first time with Tide, they were intensely quiet. 
She ran into the simmergrass, hoping that it would hide her. Immediately, a collective shrill sounded behind her as the birds followed. 
“Help!” she cried aloud, moving as fast as she could without dropping the hatchling. Dead stalks nearly tripped her. Standing stalks lashed her face. She lost herself to motion- swaying reeds, swishing dress, soaring birds, running feet.
Then she skittered into a clearing. Before her, reeds were pulled into one giant sphere, a woven nest far taller than she. 
Sitting at the base of it was a man. 
Holding a torch.
Damara immediately thought of Xander in her dream and sprinted over to the man, who stood to meet her. Instinctively, she jumped behind him, huddling there as the phoenixes dove with fierce shrieks. The stranger warded them off, or rather calmed them, waving his torch until they returned to the canopy, settling as peacefully as sparrows in the branches.
But panic still had its grip on Damara. In her mind, she was killing Chasm again. She was falling, drowning, fleeing. It all pressed in on her, choking her. 
Gasping for breath with heart racing, she barely even saw the man kneel before her. 
“Eat these.”
Damara yelped, clutching the hatchling closer as the man touched her free arm. Gently, he closed her trembling fingers over a small handful of tiny round things.
“They’ll help.”
Damara focused her frightened eyes on the man. His eyes were mostly hidden, his hair long and shaggy, his beard overgrown. 
“Are you the Wizard?” she implored and he nodded.
“I- I need your help-” she spouted urgently, but he stopped her.
“Eat these,” he repeated, tapping her closed hand. “You need to calm down.”
Damara opened her fingers, revealing three yellow berries. “Wh-what are they?” 
“Tygen berries.”
The Wizard had a sullen tranquility about him that Damara found familiar. 
If Tide trusts him, she determined, then I can too. She lifted the berries to her mouth, chewing them doubtfully, ready to spit them out.
The berries were awfully sweet. As she sucked on the syrupy mush of their flesh, she felt herself begin to relax. By the time she swallowed, a coolness had descended on her like a splash of cold water.
Taking a deep breath, she stood up with the Wizard. She met his eyes, or what she could see of them behind his veil of hair.
The light of his torch flickered. Damara noticed a beetle dart into the folds of his tattered clothes. He had a satchel slung over his shoulder, its leather flap offset to show a number of oddities stashed inside.
“Now- what’s wrong?” the Wizard asked.
Damara could hear the bleakness of his voice. She felt so calm that it took her a moment to think back on what she’d been panicking about. 
Chasm and the sea serpent. 
Tide and the clutch.
Before she could speak, however, Ivory opened her mouth, imitating Tyrone’s voice as she said, “Welcome back, River.”
The Wizard turned his head to the wyvern, then looked back at Damara. “You’re a friend of Tyrone’s?”
Damara thought for a moment of his words before nodding faintly. 
What did I need to say? Oh, yes…
“Tide told me to find you. He’s guarding a clutch from a sea serpent-”
“Tide’s in the Earthen Cauldron?” the Wizard interrupted her, sounding concerned.
Dreamily, Damara readjusted the hatchling in her arms. She knew time was of the essence but failed to feel the urgency. Those tygen berries must have magic inside of them…
She asked, “Could you use your magic to tell Tyrone where Tide is?”
With a sigh, the Wizard muttered, “Magic doesn’t work like that.”
What kind of wizard are you? she questioned him silently, but told herself to pay attention to the matter at hand.
The hatchling sneezed in her arms and mucus slimed her dress.
Disgusting. Damara was distracted yet again.
“Send Ivory for him,” the Wizard told her.
With one leisurely hand, she peeled the wyvern from her shoulder and stated, “She’s crippled.”
The Wizard regarded the crooked body and patted down his clothes, as though searching for something. At least four beetles fell from him, landing on their backs with legs waggling in the air. One managed to get back up, marching over to the strange man’s foot to climb on again.
The Wizard found what he was looking for inside his satchel, a small glass vial. He held it up to the torch, gazing at the thin orange liquid that sloshed inside.
“Firesap fruit transformation magic,” he murmured. “Gave some to my sister once. Hold this.” Taking the wyvern from Damara, he passed her the torch. 
With the dragon hatchling shifted over to her hip, she accepted it and stared intently into its flame. 
There was a small popping sound as the Wizard casually removed the vial’s cork with his teeth. Damara tore her eyes away from the lit torch to watch him hold the glass up to Ivory.
“What are you doing?” she asked softly.
Without answering, he poured a small amount of light orange liquid into the wyvern’s open mouth. Ivory swallowed, red eyes sparkling in the flame of the torch. A shudder ran visibly down the creature’s spine and she spread her white wings, flapping them.
“You healed her?” Damara asked, her amazement suppressed by the berries. 
“The magic restored her body,” the Wizard somberly confirmed as Ivory cocked her head at a beetle on his shoulder, devouring it in the blink of an eye. “Tell her what to say.” The Wizard held the wyvern up to Damara’s face.
Ivory peered into Damara’s eyes and flexed her wings.
“Um…” Damara droned, unsure. “Tyrone- I found Tide and the clutch in a water cave…but there’s a sea serpent trying to eat them…so please come quickly.”
What else happened? She felt like there was something more she ought to say and she closed her eyes, searching.
“Oh.” It came back to her.
“And I killed Chasm.”
She nodded to the Wizard and he boosted Ivory into the air, commanding, “Tyrone.”
In a flash of wings, Ivory took flight and was soon swallowed up by darkness. Damara stared after her, knowing she should feel relieved. 
Well, that’s done…Now I should…go back to Tide.
“Will you come with me to the- the Earthen Cauldron?” she asked the Wizard.
The Wizard agreed, pushing reeds out of the way so as not to burn them with his torch. Damara followed with the drowsy hatchling held up to her chest.


Chapter 30


“Tide?” Teetering on the ledge in exhaustion, Damara called down into the darkness. The Wizard’s torch didn’t shed enough light for her to see the dragon curled up inside the cave. “Tide, please tell me you’re alright!”
No reply came.
Don’t panic, Damara told herself, the tygen berries’ magic having worn off. He’s fine. The sea serpent didn’t get him before. It didn’t get him now.
They were well into the night. She could see the bright moon reflecting off the water down below, rippling. She trembled, imagining the sea serpent under the surface. 
She envisioned it stretching out to lock its jaws around Tide, pulling him into the water, drowning him, thrashing him. She imagined it mutilating him like Chasm’s dead body.
No! Tide is fine! He’s fine.
“Can’t you use your magic?” Damara lifted her weary, fearful gaze to the Wizard. “Can’t you do something to help- at least until Tyrone comes?”
The Wizard passed a hand over his face, dragging even more knotted, greying hair into his eyes. “I haven’t been able to craft anything since Aspen died,” he said. “Not without her fire.”
Aspen? Damara recalled the rotting dragon’s corpse heaped beside the Wizard’s broken shelter. “How did she die?” she whispered hoarsely.
“The firesap overtook her…drove her mad. It takes all the firebreathers in the end. I couldn’t help her.”
Drove her mad? Memories of Hasten hit her, how he had come after her, eyes rolling and muscles shuddering. How the flames had flashed from between his gnashing teeth.
That’s what happened, she realized. The firesap overtook him.
But Lynx…when will he be overcome? 
What will we do then?
Despite her anxiety, Damara had trouble keeping her eyes open. The hatchling yawned like a pup in her arms, vocalizing a high, thin note. So much worry strained her and she sat down in fear of collapsing with fatigue.
You’re the only one I can protect now, she thought, drowsily touching the black crown of the hatchling’s head. Everything else is out of my hands.
.  .  .
“Damara.” 
Damara awoke to a male voice and panicked as something touched her on the shoulder. She sat bolt upright, staring up in dread of seeing Chasm risen from the dead.
But no. Chasm wouldn’t have called her by name.
Instead, her eyes met those of a friend.
“Tyrone.” Her face crumpled in overwhelmed relief as she spoke his name. Tears blurred her vision. “Is Tide alright?” she asked, terrified of what his answer might be.
“Yes, yes,” Tyrone assured her. “He and the clutch are aboveground now.”
Damara blinked away the tears to look around. She saw Tide laying not far off, exhaustedly responding to Rosefinch’s persistent questions.
Iris’ eggs were gathered at the base of a nearby tree, whole and round. Lynx laughed at the black hatchling that hugged the Wizard’s leg like a bear cub, making it hard for the man to walk. 
Is it really over? Damara could scarcely believe it.
I can go back home?
“Damara?” Tyrone prompted her.
“What?” She swiveled to face him, worried that something else might be wrong.
“I asked if you’re alright,” he repeated, looking her in the eye.
“Oh,” Damara hugged her knees, feeling queasy as she relived yesterday’s events. “I’m fine,” she mumbled, but it felt like a lie.
Tyrone’s gaze lingered on her face a moment longer, only making her more uneasy. He seemed to sense her discomfort, for he looked away. Ivory came to land on his forearm and he stroked the newly restored wyvern, smiling.
“It’s about time we get that clutch back to my house, where it will be safe. What about you, Damara?” he asked, catching her gaze. “Where is the place you call home?”
Home? By now, the word felt foreign to her. She tried to remember Catherine’s father’s house, the place she and her brother were allowed to stay, but it all felt so deep in the past. Like another life, even. 
How long have I been away? she dared ask herself. A year? Two?
Damara didn’t want to believe it. She choked up with emotion, wanting to answer Tyrone without falling to bits. She wiped her tears away, scornful as they were replaced by yet another fresh wave. 
Haven’t I cried enough? 
“So the question is-” Rosefinch raised her voice, giving Damara a reason to turn her face away from Tyrone. “How could Iris think it was a good idea to lay her clutch so close to that serpent? Was she really that daft?”
“She wanted a guard dog,” Lynx snorted.
I wouldn’t be surprised if she wanted the eggs to be eaten, Damara thought spitefully, the tears drying from her cheeks. That wretch probably couldn’t bear having to compete for Chasm’s attention.
“What matters now is that the clutch is safe,” Tyrone said, heaving to his feet. Damara could tell just by the way he walked over to the eggs that his strength was waning. 
“Clyde?” 
Damara looked up at the surprise in Rosefinch’s voice. 
There stood Clyde, a dead deer in his jaws.
With a fwump he dropped the carcass. “Why, hello,” he hummed. “Fancy seeing you all here.”
‘Why, hello?’ Damara stiffened in anger. Where were you when Tide and I were in danger?
“Hey,” Lynx buzzed, slinking closer to the silvery dragon, eyes fastened on the deer. “I’d never turn down a fresh lump of venison.” 
Clyde laughed merrily. “Sorry, Friend. I’m afraid the sea serpent needs it more.”
“You’re feeding that thing?” Rosefinch balked. 
“But, of course,” Clyde replied, sunlight gleaming off his metallic-like scales. “I’ve brought something by every couple of weeks since Wolfe dropped him there. Ah, he was a wee little thing then. Wolfe had challenged a She-Serpent, snatching her young just to provoke her. But when Wolfe returned for a second youngling, the She-Serpent was prepared. Oh, how I’d love to tell that story…”
I’m sure you would, Damara thought irritably. You’re entire life runs on others’ stories.
Lynx’s eyes lit up as he crowed, “I heard it wasn’t much of a fight, that Wolfe was snapped, dragged under and bashed against the rocks before she could spit a single flame!” 
“Ah…yes,” Clyde agreed, looking rather disappointed to have his story cut short. 
Damara thanked Lynx silently.
“Sea serpents are terribly rare, you know,” Clyde said, dragging the deer over to the gaping hole in the ground. “I didn’t try to relocate this little one for fear of harming him. He’s grown so much now that I couldn’t do it even if I tried, not by myself. I feel sorry for him, though.”
Damara’s face grew sour. We’ve been risking our lives for each other, and you’ve been feeding water monsters?! 
“My!” Clyde exclaimed, staring down the hole. “Is that Chasm I see? Looks like the serpent made a meal out of him. So much for that deer I brought.
“Amazing,” he continued. “This is the place where Chasm chose his name as a youngling. We came upon it and he stared down inside, turning his shining eyes up at me to ask, ‘What do you call this, Clyde?’”
No, stop, Damara pleaded silently. Stop making him sound like a person!
“I suppose he was drawn to the immenseness of it all, the sheer drop,” Clyde rambled. “To him, it must have held a sense of power. Humans would best understand the feeling. They’re small and flightless, like Chasm was at the time. 
“But how fitting for him to die here!” he declared. “What a perfect portrayal of his hubris…dying within his namesake, the image he held for himself…it’s poetic.”
Damara nearly gagged. Clyde doesn’t need the firesap to drive him mad.
“Damara’s the one who killed him,” Lynx sounded as though he were boasting on her behalf.
“Truly?” Clyde inquired, gazing at her in great curiosity. “Oh, how I’d love to tell your story, Damara.”
Well then, prepare to be disappointed.
“How did you do it?” Clyde pressed and she gritted her teeth. Everyone hushed around her.
“He was going to kill Tide, so I stabbed him,” she answered as plainly as possible. 
“You hear that, Tyrone?” Lynx called over his shoulder. “She was just fine without me!”
Damara looked back at Tyrone, who gave no response. He was slumped against the tree, eyes closed, chest rising and falling.
“First time he’s slept since the attack on Swaineford!” Lynx jested.
Rosefinch snorted in amusement.
Clyde swiveled his charming eyes to look at her on one side of him, Lynx on the other. “You know,” he murmured, “soon this sea serpent will outgrow his little cave and die…unless we do something about it first.”
Rosefinch gawked at him, “You can’t possibly mean-”
“Yes!” Lynx interrupted her, enthralled. “Let’s do it now! Tyrone doesn’t even have to know.”
“Fine.” Rosefinch grinned. “Couldn’t be too hard, now could it?”
“Are you serious?!” Damara nearly yelled at them. “Do you not see Chasm down there? All I did was shove the blade into his skull. Everything else is the serpent’s doing!”
“Have a little faith, Damara,” Rosefinch replied, a smile on her face. “A dead dragon is a defenseless dragon, but we’re not dead yet, now are we?”
Lynx’s entire body shivered with excitement. 
They’re all insane! Damara exasperated, watching as the three dragons dove into the cave. 
They ducked and darted around the sea serpent, which coiled in the water, striking out at them. Chasm’s mutilated body was washed up into the shallows, rocking slightly in the waves. 
Lynx blasted a few flames into the serpent’s face and it spat in agony. 
“Don’t hurt him!” Clyde cried aloud, dodging so as not to be whipped by the serpent’s tail whizzing past. “He’s terribly rare!”
“So am I!” Lynx growled, but breathed no more fire. 
After a short time of close-quarter conflict, it became clear that the dragons weren’t going to succeed in grabbing hold of the thrashing beast, let alone lug it to the sea. One by one, the dragons retreated aboveground, panting as they gazed down at the hissing serpent.
“Oh, it just isn’t right,” Clyde lamented. “The world couldn’t bear the loss of another sea serpent!”
The world or you? Damara sneered.
“Why, Damon!” Clyde declared, turning to the Wizard. “You could make a potion, one to subdue the sea serpent just long enough for us to fly him out.”
Damon? Damara thought. She hadn’t even considered that the Wizard would have any name at all.  
Damon lifted his head with his hair in his face. There was no telling what he was looking at, or if he could even see, for that matter.
“The magics won’t fuse,” he declined in sorrowful tones. “Not without dragon fire to-” He cut himself off, lifting shaggy hair from his face to stare at Lynx. “You have the firesap inside of you…”
Lynx smirked, breathing out with flames unfolding from his lips. “What would a volcano be without its lava?”
“A mountain,” Rosefinch muttered.
The Wizard limped over to Lynx with the hatchling around his leg, still gawking at him. “With your flame, I could craft potions again…”
“Splendid,” Clyde opined. “Could you start with one for the serpent?”
.  .  .
Rosefinch flew with Damon in the saddle, off to find his cauldron. Lynx whisked after them, ready to lend a flame or two.
They left the hatchling with Damara. She held him in her arms, unable to stop herself from smiling as he nosed her, grunting like a darling little piglet.
So you are Chasm and Iris’ child. What will you grow up to be like?
“By the Gift of Fire!” Clyde exclaimed, approaching her.
Damara sighed. What now?
“What a precious hatchling,” the glimmering dragon admired. “Never before have I seen a dragon’s hide such a rare color as that.”
She furrowed her brow, looking up at him. “Black?” 
“Ah, yes,” he chuckled. “Pardon my forgetfulness. Naturally, it would look black to you because you’re a human. But to a dragon’s eyes, well, it’s a different color entirely. I can’t even describe it.”
“The color?” she repeated after him, troubled. “What do you call it?”
Clyde’s eyes glitzed with passion. “The color of the firesap flower,” he breathed. “This is the first time I’ve seen it since the firesap plants went extinct.”
Damara looked down at the hatchling. He just looks so…black. Why would dragons see him differently?
Tide stirred, awakening from his sleep and rested his chin on his foreclaws with a sigh. Damara went to him.
“How are you feeling?” she asked anxiously.
The teal dragon smiled wearily up at her. “Much better, thanks to you. Is the hatchling alright?”
She grinned, holding the little one out for him to see. The hatchling wriggled until she held him close again, where he nestled within her arms, snuffling in contentment.
Damara took a deep breath. 
“Is that meat?” Tide asked, hungry eyes staring ahead at the deer carcass lying a ways off. “I haven’t eaten for so long.”
She got the hatchling to grasp her belt, trotting over to the deer. Tide met her half way as she dragged the carcass from the cave’s ledge. She stood back, humored by the dragon’s sudden ravenous energy as he tore into the carrion. 
Damara smiled, looking back at Tyrone, who breathed deeply with mouth slightly open.
I wonder if any of the other eggs are hatching. Quiet so as not to wake him, she went to kneel beside the clutch. From what she could see, no fractures split the glossy shells. 
“You can see magic?” Rosefinch’s laugh carried through the sky. “What does that even mean?!” Damara gazed up to see her and Lynx land on the ground. The Wizard dismounted Rosefinch, a leather flask in his hand.
A potion? 
Damara watched as he soaked a rag with it. Lynx volunteered to be the one to get it in the serpent’s mouth and the Wizard hooked the dripping rag onto his claw.
They can’t possibly…
The Wizard stood at the top of the Earthen Cauldron, peering down as Clyde, Rosefinch, and Lynx all dove inside once again.
There was hissing, shouting, a bit of Lynx’s maniacal laughing, and then- a cheer. 
Damara’s mouth gaped as Rosefinch appeared from the hole, struggling to beat her wings, a labored look on her face.
She had the sea serpent behind the head. Clyde rose up gripping its middle, and Lynx appeared bringing up the rear. At least a dragon’s length of serpent sagged between them as they pounded their wings, straining their necks in effort. 
Like a frightful, six-winged monster huffing through the air, the three dragons hauled the drooping serpent towards the coast. Damara stared after them, unable to believe her eyes as they disappeared over the cliffs.
Did that just happen?
Ivory swooped in, landing on Tyrone’s shoulder, causing him to stir in his sleep.
The wyvern made a sound like the sob of a man, followed by, “For treason against Wystil, I hereby banish you, Tyrone the Woodsman, that you may never enter this kingdom again.”
The King?! Damara could hear how deeply upset his voice was. Did Tyrone hear that? She leaned forward to see the drowsing man. He was still in the same position, but she could see his eyelids slowly part, so she hurriedly stood up. 
Pretend like you didn’t hear anything, she told herself, walking away without a glance backwards.
“Forget that one for me, Ivory, won’t you?” She heard Tyrone sigh heavily behind her. 
Can she do that? Damara wondered, sitting with her back against a moss covered tree. She sunk farther into the trunk and yawned. Only when Tyrone spoke again did she sneak a look back at him.
With his head in one hand and Ivory perched on the other, he uttered something softly. Damara thought at first he was talking to himself, but it sounded too deliberate. Feeling a little guilty, she listened in, with shallow breath and eyes to the ground.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I know it’s been so long…but I have to make this quick. The threat is gone now. All our enemies have been killed.”
Who’s he sending a message to?
Tyrone’s voice grew hoarse and she struggled to make out the next few words. “…I know he thinks the kingdom’s still in…” Damara strained her ears. “…I’m afraid for the dragons…”
Afraid for the dragons? Why?
“…have a plan. Please, come quickly, if you can.”
Damara dared to glance up as Tyrone sent Ivory into the air and rubbed his face. He started as though struck by something else and turned to watch the wyvern fly away.
I thought everything was fine. What’s the matter now?


Chapter 31


Chasm is dead.
Damara let herself sink a little farther into the pond, let the water rise and crawl into her ears.
We’re safe.
All the sounds of the forest were muffled underwater and she closed her eyes, listening. She was in the back woods of Tyrone’s house, with her washed clothes hanging out to dry.
There’s nothing in the water. Relax.
It had only been a day since she ended Chasm’s life. The clutch was safe inside the house. Last thing she’d seen of the others was Kara ordering Tyrone to get some decent sleep. She figured the dragons were back at the refugee camp, helping everyone get on their way back into the world. 
There’s so much in need of restoring, but why did Tyrone say he was concerned for the dragons?
Who did he send Ivory to?
I suppose everything is out of my hands now. Everything but…
Xander.
Shadows wavered over her brother’s eyes as she imagined his face. It’d been so long since she’d seen him. She couldn’t place any expression on him; he was just there, torchlight casting a warm glow on his skin. It’d been so long…and yet it felt so real.
“Damara?” Kara’s voice penetrated the water.
She opened her eyes as her head broke the surface, hair sopping wet. Through the reeds, she could see the aging woman standing on the path.
“Yes?” Damara called out from the shallows.
“Get dressed and come back to the house, child,” Kara said. “There’s someone here to see you.”
Who?
Damara could hear heavy feet grinding the ground as the woman trekked back up the path, disappearing behind a clump of scraggly pines. 
Water dripped from Damara’s body when she stood, free of the grime that once claimed her. She paused, noticing her reflection wavering before her. Looking down, she saw the pale marks that spotted her chest from Chasm’s talons. The healed arrow graze was sure to streak her leg for the rest of her life. Bruises and scrapes still scored her skin from her thrashing in the avalanche and her struggle in the Earthen Cauldron.
Damara saw it all, and remained expressionless.
Each scar was a reminder, a lesson learned never to be forgotten.
Up on the shore, she dried herself off and sorely pulled on her dress. Heading back for the house, she wondered who could possibly be there for her.
If only I weren’t so stiff, she complained, huffing up the steep path. I’ll be a century old by the time I reach whoever’s waiting on me!
Despite her aching, Damara reached the top and stood behind the stable house. Hearing voices inside, she walked around to the entrance and peered in. 
Faren’s father! 
He stood, holding the reins of a donkey. 
“Thank you again for taking care of her,” the man spoke to Kara, who waved his words away.
“No problem at all, Lief.” The woman chuckled, patting the donkey’s neck. “Wasn’t the first time I looked after someone else’s animal.”
“Damara!” a shrill voice cried out in delight. 
She was caught off guard as Faren seized her waist from behind. 
“Hey you!” Damara winced, twisting about to face the child. 
“Lynx said you made the evil dragon go away.” Faren’s face beamed from a frame of crinkled red hair.
“Did he?” Damara was surprised.
I’d have thought he’d lie and take all the credit for himself.
“Is it true?” Faren’s brother, Ramsey, asked, trotting up to her with cautious curiosity. “Did you behead it in midair?”
“Nothing that drastic,” she told him, somewhat amused. 
He crossed his arms, looking disappointed. The children’s mother approached from the grove and laid a hand on her son’s shoulder. She eyed Damara without a word, still seemingly uneasy, though in a different way now than before.
Let her stare, Damara told herself. She knows her family’s safe because of me…
“Bliss!” Faren rejoiced, running to the donkey as it was led outside by Lief. She petted the animal’s muzzle, laughing when it blew air from its nostrils into her face. Lief picked her up, placing her in the saddle. 
“Come on, Ram.” The father hoisted his son up into the seat behind his sister. He turned to his wife, reaching out to her. “Would you like some help, Love?”
“I think I’ll walk with you instead.” The woman smiled and took his hand.
They’re leaving…
“Where will you go?” Damara asked, feeling helplessly isolated as she faced the family. Kara came and stood beside her with a friendly pat on the arm.
Faren’s mother looked to her husband and he squeezed her hand. 
“We’re heading into the mountains, us and the other refugees,” Lief answered. “We’ve been told of the treasures buried there. The dragons offered to help us dig them up.”
They’re going to find the Golden Dragon’s hoard?
I might never see Faren again.
Damara lifted her eyes to see the child, who was currently enraptured by her brother’s warning of ghosts.
“They’ll especially want your hair,” Ramsey told her, playing with Faren’s red locks. “You better stay close to me tonight!”
Faren’s giggle was like a bubbling stream, reminding Damara of what it was like to be merry without worries.
“Fairy,” she said. A sad smile fell on her lips as the little girl met her gaze.
“You called me Fairy!” the child triumphed.
Damara’s lips parted, but she couldn’t think of what to say. 
Her parents are waiting on me, she sensed. This is it. 
“Hey,” she said, reaching up to give Faren a hug. “Don’t go wandering off again. Your family loves you.” She spoke those last words, hoping Faren considered her as a part of that family. 
The child’s hazel green eyes peered back at her intently. The curve of her cheek was soft, her skin blush pink. Damara marveled at the child’s youth. She could scarcely remember being so pure, herself.
Faren’s face alit suddenly as her gaze fell on Damara’s hand. “Your ring!” she said, delighted. “It is magical! I’m with my family again, like you wished!”
That’s right, Damara recalled, studying the ivory fish hugging her finger. My promise to Faren came true.  
“Let me see!” Ramsey piped up, peering over his sister’s shoulder.
Damara gave a slight smile. 
I promised her something I couldn’t ensure, and yet- by some blessed happening I haven’t been made a liar. Faren’s with her family again. 
Now what about me?
“Good day,” Lief interrupted her thoughts. He nodded to Damara and led his family away. 
She watched them walk along the path and past the orchard, aching inside. 
Faren turned in her seat and called, “I love you, Damara!”
Overwhelmed, Damara pressed her fingers against her lips with one hand and waved with the other. She doesn’t know this is goodbye, she thought, hearing the lightheartedness in the child’s voice. Maybe it’s better this way…
A prickling sensation in her eyes preceded the tears that tickled her cheeks. 
She’s safe, Damara promised herself, seeing the donkey’s rump completely disappear into the forest. I did all I could for her.
“Sweet child,” Kara startled Damara. “It’s a shame they don’t all come that innocent.”
“Yeah.” Damara dried her eyes, thankful that her voice was steady. “How is the clutch? Have any more eggs hatched?”
“My!” the woman exclaimed. “I’d nearly forgotten about them! Oh, the mess they leave!” She hurried towards the house.
Damara followed at a much slower pace, breathing in deeply. The air was sweetened by the summer fruit of the orchard. The sun was warm on her skin. Birds all around trilled Wik-khur! Wik-ik-khur! The trees seemed to be celebrating, aspens waving their leaves like flags, cedars twitching their needles like whiskers. 
On her approach, Damara heard a small clattering from inside the house. With caution, she opened the door and stepped in, quickly shutting it behind her when she noticed a hatchling waddle closer. 
“Dear Lord,” Kara grumbled, bending to set a chair back up. The black hatchling whined as it clung to the backrest and the woman gripped him around the middle. Pried from the furniture, he flapped his wings in protest until she set him down on the ground. It wasn’t long before he started climbing the chair again, causing it to creak and wobble.
“Why don’t you keep them in the stable house?” Damara couldn’t help but laugh, careful not to step in a glob of hatchling dung.
“Then they’d never stay in one place!” Kara shook her head in agitation. “Getting under the horses’ hooves, running out that big entrance, oh no. Besides, here I can make sure Tyrone’s getting his rest.” She shot her brother a look, where he lay staring at the ceiling. 
“With all the noise?” Tyrone exhaled from the wooden, pelt-smothered bedframe. “The glow wyverns were quieter than this.”
“Don’t you dare compare our father’s house to those grimy caves.” Kara put her hands on her hips. “You know I spend half my days cleaning it.”
Tyrone propped himself up on one elbow. “That’s not how I see it,” he said, eyeing the dung-scattered floor, a wry smile on his lips.
“Go to sleep!” Kara demanded.
“Alright, alright.” He lay back down with a sigh.
Damara walked to the table where the rest of the clutch was placed underneath, bedded within a heap of blankets. Four of seven eggs remained. Small cracks were forming on the shell of one, crawling outwards to gradually form a web of fractures.
“Wouldn’t you like a chair, Damon?” Kara asked.
Only then did Damara see the Wizard slouching on the ground, a couple of hatchlings snuggled up to him like pups. A cloudy blue beetle had fastened itself to his tunic like a decorative broach.
The Wizard shook his shaggy head, morose. 
Is he always this way? Damara wondered. So glum…
She turned her eyes back to the hatching egg. A tiny snout was beginning to poke its way through, resting for a long time between each strain to get out.
“This one’s taking so long,” she murmured. “Should we help it?”
“Let it hatch on its own,” Tyrone said, eyes closed with his hands clasped over his chest. “It needs to strengthen itself with the effort.”
“Ty,” Kara warned, “sleep. We’re perfectly capable of watching the hatchlings on our own, thank you.”
“I know. That’s not what I’m concerned about.”
“Please, Tyrone, get some rest. We still have a few days, I’m sure.”
A few days until what? Damara wondered, unsure if it was her place to ask. 
“Will you look at him…” Kara’s face appeared under the other side of the table, looking down at the sheltered clutch. 
The fourth hatchling was just now poking his head through, blinking in the well-lit room. Damara was warmed by the sight, watching as the little one kicked inside his egg once, twice, three times until he pushed his body through. 
“Really wanted out, didn’t he?” Kara snorted.
He sprawled on his back, working to flip himself over, his little ribcage heaving with the effort. 
At last, his feet planted themselves on the ground. Slick wings folded against his slim body. A transparent slime coated him entirely, making his scales shine like the emerald in Damara’s ring.
He had to fight his way out, Damara reflected. Like me.
And now we’re free.
.  .  .
A few days passed and Damara still didn’t know what the future held for her.
Will I be going home soon?
She tapped the table on which she rested her cheek.
Do I even have a home anymore?
She didn’t feel right speaking up about her worries, having noticed Tyrone’s growing restlessness.
Kara placed a bowl of venison stew in front of Damara. “Damon, no beetles on the table,” she told the Wizard as one fell from his shoulder, knocked on its back.
He helped the overturned beetle onto his finger, letting it crawl its way up to his shoulder. Damara stared down at the food in front of her.
The smell of warm venison stew reminded her of her old life with Xander and Catherine’s family. She remembered how warmly she and her brother were welcomed in. How eager Xander was to be an apprentice. How good it was to belong.
I just want to go home. Damara slid the bowl aside in aching homesickness. I can’t stay here forever.
What if they don’t accept me back? She dreaded the possibility, recalling the day she ran away. What if my dream was just that- a lonesome dream? 
Does Xander hate me?
Is he even alive?
The thought only made her feel worse and she crossed her arms over her stomach, unable to keep the misery from rumpling her face. She couldn’t tell if the Wizard saw her or not, with his hair over his eyes, but either way he gave no reaction.
Kara, however, wasn’t so sparing.
“My, child!” the woman exclaimed. “What’s hurting you?”
“Nothing,” Damara mumbled, holding herself tighter.
Kara looked stern, surely about to scold her, but then-
“She’s here.” Tyrone left the house immediately, disappearing from sight. 
Damara watched as Kara and Damon followed after him.
Who? She got up and hurried outside, making sure to shut the heavy wooden door before any hatchlings escaped. The morning field splayed before her, edged by trees. She could see Tyrone standing with his back to her where Kara and Damon soon joined him. 
Damara ventured closer, stopping beside a tree stump as she realized what they were all looking at. A woman on a horse came cantering up the path. Damara observed her fine dress and long auburn hair as she dismounted her soft grey mare.
This must be who Ivory took the message to, but who is she? 
“Hello.”
From her distance, Damara could barely hear the woman’s voice, but she thought it sounded familiar. Tyrone looked frozen in place. If he responded, Damara didn’t hear him.
“Greetings! Welcome, welcome!” Kara’s words carried to Damara’s ears loud and clear. “Can I invite you inside?”
Don’t bring her into the house! Damara envisioned all the newly dropped hatchling excrement awaiting them on the floor.
Thankfully, the woman declined, seemingly shy as she stroked her horse’s mane.
Is anyone saying anything? Damara couldn’t see their mouths moving. Are they all just standing there? Who is this woman? Do they even know each other?!
“You came here alone?” Kara asked. “Knowing your brother, I figured he’d send you with a dozen guards, at least!” 
What?
“He doesn’t know I’m here,” the woman answered. “No one does.”
“Well, if that’s the way it has to be.” Kara turned to Tyrone, hands on her hips. “Aren’t you going to say anything? How long has it been, a decade?”
Damara couldn’t see well enough to read their expressions.
“Tyrone,” the newcomer said, bowing her head. “I’m so sorry that Chadwick…I mean, you saved my life, and…and I just can’t believe…”
“It’s alright.” Tyrone finally spoke, hoarse.
The woman looked up at him. “But it’s not! He didn’t even give you a chance! You were his closest friend. It isn’t right…” 
It can’t be…
Damara gaped as realization seeped in. 
Princess Theora?!
  Why did Tyrone send for the Princess?
The Princess’ mare wandered to the side, lowering her head to graze upon the grassy meadow. The group had begun to talk quietly, as though discussing something important.
Ivory soared past, a dead mouse in her talons. She landed on a wooden post nearby, practically folding over to pick at her furry meal.
Damara watched with great curiosity as the Wizard took something from his satchel, double wrapping it in cloth before handing it to Tyrone.
“Handle this wearing gloves until it is done, then dispose of them immediately,” the Wizard warned. He looked to the Princess. “Remember what it did to you. A single drop is enough to change someone for the rest of their life. That is why I’m only giving you half-”
“Only half?” Princess Theora sounded doubtful. “You’re sure this will work? Please Damon, I’d feel better if you just came with us.”
“I prefer not to,” he answered. “You’ll have to trust me, Sister. It will work.”
The Wizard really is Princess Theora’s brother? Wouldn’t that make him a prince?!
I am so confused…
Just then, a shadow raced over Damara and she started, looking up to see Lynx fly in. He landed beside Tyrone, so close to the Princess that Damara was worried she’d be frightened.
“Who are you?” he asked bluntly, eyeing the woman.
“Lynx?!” the Princess laughed. “I can’t believe it!”
At this, even Lynx looked taken aback. But he recovered, grinning in a very conceited way as he purred, “About time people started recognizing me!”
“Lynx, it’s me, River,” the Princess told him. “You saved me from the phoenixes, remember?”
“Ah!” Lynx puffed out his chest. “How heroic of me.”
River…Damara shook her head as she remembered another dragon from her childhood, slate grey with thoughtful eyes. Her name was River, too. Wasn’t she there the night Xander introduced me to Jacinth?
Tide and Rosefinch came swooping in, eager to meet the newcomer. She met them with much excitement, seemingly enlivened by their presence.
Why doesn’t she share the King’s hatred for the dragons?
What makes her so different?
At that moment, the crowd stopped talking. Damara froze as all turned their heads to peer directly at her. Lynx was smirking. Princess Theora looked amazed.
“Come here, Damara,” Tyrone beckoned.
Go there? Stand before the Princess herself? 
Damara bit her lip and sat on her hands.
“Damara, you hear us?” Kara waved. “Get over here, child!”
Reluctantly, she stood up, heart thumping as she drew near. 
“I want you to meet Theo,” Kara said, touching her on the back to herd her in. “The King’s sister, our princess.”
‘Theo?’ Damara was perplexed by Kara’s informality. 
The Princess did not seem to mind, however. Indeed, a smile bloomed on Theo’s face.
“Damara,” she breathed. “You have those same striking eyes, just as I remember!”
“I’m sorry?”
“Oh, I um…” The Princess looked embarrassed, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. “I knew you when you were small. Of course, you wouldn’t recognize me now…”
“You knew me?”
“Yes, well…I was a dragon then.”
A dragon?! Damara stared at her in a new light. 
“River!” she exclaimed, staggered by the realization. “You were River!”
The Princess nodded, simpering.
I remember now! Damon told me he gave magic of the firesap fruit to his sister. The Princess is his sister. But she’s human now, which means…he must have found a way to change her back. 
But I actually spent my childhood with the Princess!
Tyrone cleared his throat. “I think it’s time we leave for Rookton.”
Rookton?! Damara immediately felt her stomach tie into knots. They’re taking me home?
“That is where you live, isn’t it?” he asked. 
She forced herself to nod. That’s where I used to live…
“Very good. We’ll be paying the castle a visit first, though. I promise it won’t take long.”
Damara nodded again, feeling sick. What will Xander say when he sees me? What will he do?
“I’ll fetch my horse then,” Tyrone said, but Theo stopped him.
“Wait.” She paused, her eyes shying away from his. 
Like Catherine when she’s with Xander, Damara recognized.
Worry was plain on her face. “Could you wear your armor?”
“I could, but why?” 
“She likes how tough you look in it,” Lynx joked. 
Everyone ignored him.
“It’s just-” Theo hesitated. “I’d feel better if you were disguised. Just in case things don’t go well.”
“People won’t recognize his suit?” Kara inquired. “That armor hasn’t given him the best reputation either, with that whole Dragon Knight rumor plaguing the kingdom.”
Theo gazed at Tyrone. “Is it standard Wystilian armor?”
“Yes.” He shrugged.
“Then no one should give it any thought.” 
“Alright. Kara, will you come help me put it on?”
Tyrone walked with his sister to the house and the Princess clasped her hands together. 
“I hope Chadwick listens to us,” she murmured to herself.
“Do you mean…” Damara said. “We’re going to talk to the King?”
Theo smiled. “I’ll be doing most of the talking, don’t worry.”
I don’t even see why I have to be there.
Just then, a clear butterfly fluttered past. The Wizard, still standing with them, lifted the hair out of his light grey eyes to see it and say, “What a rare bit of magic.”
Damara watched, bewildered to see him follow the butterfly as it flitted into the woods.
“Bye, Damon…” Theo said.
She gave a sad sigh, turning to face Damara and the two dragons.
Her mare trotted towards them and stood beside Tide. That horse doesn’t seem scared of dragons at all, Damara observed, then snorted. Maybe tygen berries got mixed in with her feed.
Suddenly, Lynx snorted in amusement.
“Hey, even horses are bigger than Tide!” he jabbed.
Tide blinked, unaffected.
Theo cleared her throat with a frown. “You’re more unpleasant than I remembered,” she mentioned off-handedly, smoothing down her dress.
“I’m not surprised,” he replied.
An awkward silence descended upon them. Damara felt uncomfortable as Theo laid eyes on her. 
“If you don’t mind my asking…how did you kill Chasm?”
They told her? Damara shifted her weight from one foot to the other.
Lynx straightened up, piping, “She cut off his head and fed it to a sea serpent.”
“I did not.” She shot him a glare. “I barely did anything.”
Theo wore a light smile that gave her the impression she didn’t believe her. Damara stared down at her feet, wishing Tyrone would hurry up.
“I’m hungry,” Lynx declared. “Time to go roast some bats!” He sprung into the air, crashing through twigs as he began to fly away.
“Lynx, wait!” Rosefinch called, spreading her coral wings. “Save some for the hatchlings!” 
Before Damara could say anything, the two were gone. The only dragon left was Tide.
I wonder if I’ll ever see them again, Damara thought sorrowfully. Will they have to stay hidden from the King forever?
“Um…” Theo hesitated. “How is Xander?”
The question bore into Damara’s heart. She could feel her face cloud over as she looked up at the Princess. “I don’t know.”
“Oh, forgive me.” Theo looked ashamed. “I thought maybe…” She let her sentence drop.
“It’s alright,” Damara mumbled.
I just wish that I knew.
At last, Tyrone came, fully armored except for his helm. Theo’s mare nickered pleasantly at the sight of the dark brown horse he led by the reins. 
“Strong!” The Princess brightened, touching the large animal’s velvety muzzle.
“Strong?” Damara repeated after her, looking to Tyrone.
“Chadwick and I named each other’s horses,” he explained, patting Strong’s neck. “I think we both prefer what we chose than what we got.” He smiled, but Damara could see the sadness in his eyes.
They must have been very close.
“Can Damara ride with you on Nigh?” Tyrone asked the Princess.
What? Damara was startled at the prospect.
“Of course.” Theo looked gracious. “It wouldn’t be the first time.”
I’ve ridden with the Princess before? I didn’t believe it when Xander told me.
Just another time I refused to listen to him…
I’ll listen to him now. Even if all he does is curse me, I’ll listen.
Kara lowered Tyrone’s helm over his head. It reminded Damara of what a mystery he used to be to her, hidden behind that metal visor. Now she could picture everything behind the visor except for his expression. She wondered if he was more nervous than he let on.
“Ready?” Kara startled Damara with a slap on the back and she winced, still sore. “It’s past time you get back home.”
Damara bit her lip. “You’ve really made this place feel like home enough. Thank you for everything.”
“Yes, well you have a family to get back to!” Kara gave her a squeeze on the arm. “Just don’t get hit by any more arrows. Let that grisly scar on your leg be a reminder of that.”
She nodded, gazing solemnly at the ground. Her stomach felt queasy, as though a hundred worms were burrowing into her.
When she raised her head, Tide’s thoughtful eyes met hers. It felt just like the day she saw him in the woods, across the stream from her. She had been worried then, too.
“I’m honored to have known you,” Tide told her.
“Oh.” Damara was humbled. “I wouldn’t hesitate to say the same about you.”
“I’m sorry, but we really should be going,” the Princess said, checking the sun in the sky. 
Tyrone helped her into the saddle, then turned to Damara. “I don’t suppose you’d like a hand up?” His voice sounded different from inside the metal helm.
Damara stepped forward timidly.
Is this really happening?
Silent and tense, she mounted and settled into her place behind the Princess. It felt terribly strange, touching a member of the royal family. Beside them, Tyrone straddled Strong. Damara waved to Kara and Tide, bidding them farewell with choked up words. 
And then they were off, heading down the forest path. 


Chapter 32


“How are you feeling?” Princess Theora inquired of Damara, just loud enough to be heard over Nigh’s clopping of hooves beneath them. 
Ahead of them, Strong cantered with tame power, making it look as though Tyrone weighed next to nothing in his knight suit.
“Fine,” Damara lied. 
“You can be honest with me, Damara. I’m worried, too.”
“What did you mean when you said Tyrone saved your life?” she asked, trying to steady her voice. 
“It was a long time ago, when I was still in dragon form,” Theo told her. “I got careless and wandered into the kingdom. Hunters caught me and bound my wings. My brother didn’t recognize me and I couldn’t speak wearing the muzzle they’d fastened onto me.”
They braced themselves as Nigh jumped over a branch in the path.
“Chadwick thought the dragons had taken me, like in the children’s story. You know, the one about the Dragon Slave? He demanded that I lead him to where I was being held. He was sure to kill me in the end…so Tyrone set me free.”
“But how did he recognize you?” Damara watched the light glint off Tyrone’s armor.
“I think it was Ivory,” the Princess spoke softly. “But it almost seemed as though he knew all along…”
“The King banished him just because he let you go?” 
“Yes.”
What would the King do if he recognized me? I never covered my face riding Chasm!
Damara squinted in the bright light as they emerged from the forest.
“How are you going to tell King Chadwick the truth?” she questioned. 
“I’ve tried before, but he wouldn’t listen.” Theo sounded determined. “So this time I’m going to show him.”
How? Damara’s doubts built up on each other, but she remained silent. 
It wasn’t long until they reached the ruined town of Swaineford. It was silent there except for Nigh and Strong’s hooves clattering over the great, stone bridge.
What if the King kills Tyrone for defying him? Damara dreaded the scene that played out in her head. Could the Princess stop him?
In time, they entered the lower parts of Wystil and she gawked at all the people going about their lives. 
So strange. Damara gazed at the farmers tending to their fields. So normal…
Children played among trees, vendors called out, women hushed babies and beat dust out of rugs. They all seemed to know their purpose. 
Even if everything goes well with the King, even if Xander is alive, even if he forgives me, Damara thought, fear boiling her bones. Could I ever fit in? 
She found no answer.
At last, the castle came into view. Unlike when she approached on dragonback, the stone structure seemingly rose from the ground, with rooks jabbing ever higher, its walls growing ever wider.
The place an arrow grazed me. The scar on her leg almost felt as though it were burning with the memory of it. 
Damara avoided eye contact with the people they passed, studying the jouncing movement of Nigh’s mane. 
I can feel them staring at me. She held on even tighter. Do they recognize me, or is it just that I’m riding with the Princess?
Coming upon the castle entrance, Tyrone and Theo slowed their horses to a trot. Damara grew even tenser as she heard the calls of guards hailing the Princess.
What do I say if one of them speaks to me? Do I not respond at all?
To her relief, they made it to the courtyard stables without delay. Dismounting Nigh, Damara gazed around at the building. This was the place where she and her brother spent so much time together when they were young. A heap of hay in the corner, the many wooden posts, nearly everything looked familiar to her. She located the spot in the rafters where she’d seen Ivory, before the wyvern had flown away and was attacked by a falcon.
“Welcome back, Your Highness.”
A young lad’s voice startled Damara. Realizing it was the stable boy talking to the Princess, she withdrew into the wall. The boy was blonde, with no resemblance to Xander by face nor build, but it was his clothes that reminded her of her brother. The simple, baggy tunic and long pants were the same as Xander wore when he helped in the stables. 
Just that one hint of history made Damara’s heart quicken.
“May I tether your horse for you?” the boy asked the Princess, glancing at Damara in curiosity.
“No, thank you,” Theo replied, slipping from the saddle. “Go and take the afternoon to yourself. Nothing here concerns you at this time.”
“Oh, yes Ma’am,” he stammered, backing out with a bow. “Thank you, Ma’am.”
The Princess stood still for a moment, anxiously checking to make sure no one else was near. Then she turned to Damara.
“Tether my horse to that post there,” Theo instructed as she handed the reins to her. “I want you to stay close to the exit and brush Nigh. Don’t draw any attention to yourself, understand?”
Damara nodded without quite understanding why. Quietly, she did as the Princess said, finding a brush. With gentle strokes, she brushed Nigh and watched as Tyrone tethered his own horse nearby. 
She saw Theo take an apple and hand it to Tyrone, who promptly began carving into it with his knife.
“Once you’ve finished doing that, place it right here,” the Princess told him in hushed tones, gesturing to a cleared workspace. “I’ll pick it up when I come back with Chadwick. Until then, please be careful. Stand by Damara if you must.”
She’s bringing the King here? Damara moved further behind Nigh. But why?
Princess Theora left the stables. Tyrone made quick work of the apple, removing a part of its core like a cork. Damara was intrigued as he pulled from his belt a well-wrapped item- the same thing the Wizard had given him earlier that day. 
The vial! she immediately recognized. Tyrone poured what little liquid it held into the apple, then replaced the core. Just as Theo requested, he left it on the workspace. At last, he bundled both his gloves and the empty vial together in cloth, and came to Damara’s side without a word.
“What are we doing?” she hissed, but he shook his helmeted head and declined to answer. 
They waited for some time, all the while knowing the King could walk in at any moment. Damara couldn’t see Tyrone’s expression, but heard him clear his throat repeatedly. He kept his back to the wall, watching the entrance.
“The court is waiting on me, Theora,” a strong male voice said in approach.
Damara started as the Princess returned, bringing with her King Chadwick. He held himself tall, dressed in a royal robe of purple, studying the scene with sharp eyes. Damara tried not to stare.
“Why have you brought me here?”
Across the room from her, a sandy colored horse tossed its head and neighed.
“I have to show you something.” Theo picked up the tampered apple and walked over to the horse. The animal stretched its neck for the fruit, but the Princess held it just out of reach, turning to face her brother. “The steed you know so well,” she said. “See what can happen to even the ones closest to you.”
With that, Theo fed the apple to the King’s horse and stepped back. For a moment, nothing happened.
The King folded his arms in impatience. “I told you, Theo, the court is waiting on me.”
Suddenly, the horse brayed in agony, violent seizures causing it to collapse on the ground. 
“What have you done?!” the King yelled in alarm. He rushed to kneel beside his fallen steed, laying his hand on the horse’s head as it heaved.
From behind Nigh, Damara watched, amazed, as the horse began to change. Its entire structure transformed beneath its flesh, warping the animal. At the same time, the horse’s coat was shed and scales grew in its place, interlocking with each other to form a flawless, reptilian hide. Boney ridges drove out the animal’s mane and tail, rising like mountain crests atop its spine. Its once soft lips stretched taut and tough, revealing new rows of pointed teeth that lined its jaws.
When all was done, the beast rose from the ground, a coppery sheen reflecting off powerful muscles clad with scales. The monigon looked both elegant and fearsome, smooth and burly.
“Timber?” King Chadwick whispered the animal’s name in awe. The beast tossed its head, just as before. Its nicker was hoarse and growly.
Princess Theora touched the King’s shoulder. “This is what happened to me, Brother,” she murmured, gazing at the large monigon. “I was the dragon called River.”
The King looked astonished.
“River,” Theo continued, “your captive. You had had my jaws bound so I could not speak. You demanded that I lead you to where your sister was. But I was there, Chadwick. You had me as a slave, not the dragons.”
“But…” King Chadwick shook his head in disbelief. “But the battle…in the valley…you were there.”
“Only after Tyrone set me free. He saw me for who I really was. With his help, I escaped and became human again. Only then did I pull you from battle.”
“Tyrone?” the King’s voice cracked and he stared at Theo, dismayed. “I…I banished him.”
“You didn’t understand, Brother.”
“He saved you…and I…” The King passed a hand over his face. Timber, the monigon steed, bumped his shoulder with the crown of his head as though hoping for a treat.
“He never left the kingdom, Chadwick.”
The King lifted his head. “You mean…?”
“He’s here now.”
At these words, Tyrone walked into the open and bowed before the King.
King Chadwick froze, facing him as Tyrone lifted the helm from his head. Damara saw how he stood there waiting, a grim expression on his face.
“Tyrone.” The King’s voice was throaty. “Wh-why are you here?”
“The war is over,” Tyrone said. “The few dragons left alive are not our enemies. They have proven their loyalty time and again. Please believe, they are our allies.”
“Tyrone worked with them to save people from the towns,” Theo stepped in. “He had a refugee camp for the survivors. There are dozens who will vouch for him, if only you will listen.”
“The Dragon Knight,” Chadwick stammered. “It was you! You marked territory as your own…why?”
“He didn’t,” Theora refuted. “That was the scheme of another, the leader of our enemies, now dead.”
“My men killed him?” 
“No. Your men killed the last of his followers, but not the leader.”
Damara was scared stiff as the Princess called attention to her, coming over to bring her out beside Tyrone. 
“Who is this?” The King’s eyes were heavy on Damara and she fought the urge to flee. 
She became short of breath and gave a quick curtsey. Will he recognize me as Chasm’s rider?
The man’s face was rough. Lines creased his forehead. He had a beard, short but thick. Damara noted the downward turn of his mouth and the shadow over his eyes. 
He looks exhausted, she marveled. Like Tyrone…
He’s human. 
“Her name is Damara,” Theo answered her brother, laying a hand on her shoulder. “She was the one to kill our final enemy.”
“Her?” Chadwick scrutinized Damara. “You expect me to believe a child slew a dragon?” His eyes widened. “Wait…this is the rider! The Dragon Witch!”
Oh God. Damara felt her knees weaken beneath her. He’ll have me executed!
Theo’s grip tightened on her shoulder, reassuring. “No, Brother. She was taken against her will. But now Wystil is saved because of her. She, Tyrone, and the few remaining dragons have all proven themselves faithful.”
Does he believe her? Damara dreaded whatever was coming next. 
The King was silent for a long time. 
Then, looking them in the eye, he stated, “I will allow that dragons and Wystil may be able to live side by side in peace, just so long as our customs and sovereignty are respected. In addition, I revoke Tyrone’s banishment and find the child, Damara, guiltless. ”
Princess Theora gave a relieved, breathy laugh. She tried to hug her brother but the King waved her away, leaving the stables without another word.
Damara stared after him, relief flooding through her body.
She turned to see Theo and Tyrone embrace. She thought she saw a tear dash down Tyrone’s face, but it was gone so quickly she couldn’t be sure. He glanced at her from over the Princess’ shoulder and she dropped her gaze.
I’m safe, she told herself, her heart still pounding. The King declared me so. 
Now there’s only one thing left…
Sister, come home. 
The words called to her stronger now than ever.
Brother…I’m coming.
.  .  .
Damara dismounted Strong at the head of a road, beside the bush where she once hid a blanket and some rope for her dragon saddle. So long ago that seemed.
“Which house is yours?” Tyrone asked her. 
She pointed down the road, choking out the words, “I last lived there.”
“Are you alright?” He looked down at her, inquiry filling his eyes.
Her legs were shaking so much she feared they’d give out on her. She stared at Strong’s mud caked hooves, unable to control her breathing. 
“I’m terrified.”
What if Xander rejects me? Bids me go die?
“I’ll be right behind you until I know you’re safe,” Tyrone assured her. “Good?”
What will I do if he sends me away?
“Damara?”
She forced herself to nod, feeling sick.
Could I live with myself?
“Alright. Go on now. It’ll be fine.”
Silently, she turned to face the puddle-riddled path and began walking down it. One step. One step after another. Careful not to trip. Careful not to step in the water.
Xander could be dead. 
Or he might hate me.
Damara was afraid to look at any of the people she passed. She kept her eyes low to the ground, begging not to be noticed.
Do they recognize me?
Will they call me a witch?
Will Xander call me a witch?
The sun reflected in a puddle at her feet. Bright, like the torch in her dream. 
Those same three words called to her. Sister, come home.
Hastily, she took the ivory ring from her finger, holding it in the sweaty palm of her hand as she rehearsed something in her head.
Please, Brother- take this. She would hold the treasure out to him. I’m sorry. I’m so very sorry. Please forgive me…I love you, Brother. 
People walked in the streets, brushing past her. She held the ring tight in her hand. She heard Strong’s steady clopping a ways behind her.
Please, Brother- the words played over. I love you, Brother.
Damara stopped. She lifted her head. 
There he was. 
Xander.
Standing a stone’s throw away from her in the street.
Damara’s knees grew weak with joy at the sight of him. 
He’s alive!
Her brother stood talking to his mentor. Even from the distance, she could see his plastery hands holding a pargeting mould close to his chest. He looked just as she remembered him. Tall, broad shouldered, upright. 
Damara was unable to bring herself any closer. Xander was there, but she felt as though her legs were bound, keeping her in place. She stared, breath wavering, dress fluttering.
At that same moment, his head turned in her direction. He himself stood still for an instant. 
But then, dropping his pargeting mould, he began to run.
Right at her. 
Shakily, Damara opened her hand on his fast approach. The ivory ring glinted in her palm. Her mouth was dry but he was breaking towards her, faster still, and she willed herself to speak. 
“Please, Brother-” she began, holding the treasure farther out.
Xander barreled into her, knocking the ring from her hand, weeping aloud, kissing her head, wrapping his strong arms around her.
Damara was stunned. 
She could feel him shaking. She was shaking, too.
The sound of his heart beating strong inside his chest comforted her.
He doesn’t hate me.
Biting tears welled up in her eyes.
How can he not hate me?
“Damara,” Xander cried, burying his face in her hair. “I thought you were killed!”
“X-Xander,” Damara could barely utter his name, constricted in his arms. “I’m- I’m sorry. I’m so very sorry…I should never have run away. I should have listened to you. You were right. I know that now. I’ve learned so much…but I should have listened to you…” Tears wet her cheeks as she sobbed, “I was such a fool!”
Xander held her even tighter, smothering her.
“I don’t deserve to be taken back,” Damara whispered. 
Xander hushed her, pulling away just enough to look into her face. His eyes shone wet with happiness. 
“Sister,” he whispered. “You’re home.”
Home. Damara clung to her brother, settling in his arms as peace overcame her.
I’m home.


Again,
Special Thanks to
Mom

Dear Readers,
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your preferred retailer. I would greatly appreciate it.
Thanks again.
Delaney Walnofer


About the Author


Delaney Walnofer challenged herself to write Dragon Clutch, the sequel to Dragon Slave, over summer break after her sophomore year in high school. She completed the manuscript with just one day to spare, and describes the undertaking as “a self-inflicted, full-time job”. There were days she spent up to ten hours doing nothing but working toward her goal. During the two months of intensive writing, Delaney found inspiration from listening to vinyl, as well as from the rare, precious moments when it rained at her house. At the most stressful point of her project, Delaney found the need to take her dad’s longboard out into the undesirable Californian heat and spend a few hours carving down the street.
Born in 1998, Delaney has always been a storyteller. At eleven years of age, she began planning her first book, Dragon Slave, which she finished writing four years later. She plans to write the final book of The Dragon Slave Trilogy over the summer of 2015. 
Dragon Clutch is dedicated to the Ghost of King Tazpin, in memory of Delaney’s first pet beetle, whom she visually memorialized on the book’s back cover.


Please Note:

This book is the second volume of the Dragon Slave Trilogy. Though connected through world, characters, and conflict, each book may stand alone. Therefore, if you enjoyed this one, please consider reading the first, Dragon Slave, and the third, Dragon Fool. Thank you.


Connect with Me:

Like The Dragon Slave Trilogy facebook page: 
https://www.facebook.com/thedragonslavetrilogy

Visit my website:
http://delaneywalnofer.weebly.com/

Favorite me at Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/TheDragonSlaveTrilogy

