Dragons’ Twilight

By Gregory A. Williams

Copyright 2014 Gregory A. Williams

Smashwords Edition

















































Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. Thank you for your support.





















































Centuries ago the Old Gods departed this world. Some say they left in search of another realm to work their creation, others will tell you they lost faith and forsook their children that become corrupt. Only the Elder Dragon, Argus knew the cold truth.

They were bored.

After countless years of meddling in human affairs, the gods ran short of ideas in which they could manipulate and trial their playthings. Eventually they created the original dragons which were dubbed the Elder Dragons by the denizens of the world. These powerful creatures would be charged to watch the realm in their creator’s absence; each assigned a role in order to guard all aspects of the world the gods once loved. However there was a fault in this plan as the dragons, not unlike the gods themselves, were far from perfect.

No other dragon displayed as much passion for her role as Kaia. She knew mankind was at the precipice of destruction. Unable to decide on a course of action, she sought the Dragon King himself.

Kaia swooped into the ancient marble temple which sat atop of the northern edge of the circular mountain span known as the Mirrored Peaks. The structure which Argus called home was lined with pillars, braziers, tapestries of dedication, and carvings of stars along the walls. Upon seeing him at the far end, she made a silent landing. It had been several decades since she last beheld him. He looked like a massive scaled dog in his slumber, head and tail curled into a ball, hind leg occasionally twitched as if he were chasing something in his dreams. Kaia, the smallest in stature among the Elders, had a long shimmering green scaled body with four iridescent feathered wings and stubby legs. If one were to compare her to a dog, she may have been considered the dachshund of dragon kind. 

The green dragon stealthily treaded between a few giant pillars, not making a sound, save the click-clacks of her claws on the floor. Argus shifted suddenly and made a low growl. Kaia darted to the nearest pillar, sprang up on her hind legs to conceal herself. She listened for a time, and only heard sounds of the crackling from the low fires of the numerous braziers. She slowly peeked around the side of the pillar, making sure she had not been seen. When she felt certain he was still asleep, she dropped back down on all fours and scurried to the end of the great hall where the dragon slumbered.

Kaia leapt over his head and hovered. “Wake up!” She shouted as loud as possible.

Argus suddenly sprung to life. His tired, old eyes searched for the intruder. It wasn’t until he noticed a breeze coming from above that he turned his head upward and saw a pair of reflective green eyes staring back at him. He lowered his head to the floor and closed his eyes. “What do you want, Kaia?” He said with a long sigh.

Kaia landed abruptly next to his head and growled. “Is this all you do? Sleep the days away until the world ends? Is that your master plan?”

“Calm yourself.” Argus yawned. “I will soon discover my Dragon Mage. Everything will be fine.”

“I find that hard to believe as it was the very same claim you made last century.” Kaia pushed herself up on her hind legs. She wanted to be able to look down on Argus, even if it were only a few feet above his head which rested on the floor. “Not only did your little Mage-man incinerate himself, he took a whole human kingdom with him, and all without discovering your Hero of Prophesy.”

Argus grumbled. “How was I supposed to know he had anger issues?” 

Kaia paced before Argus. “So you will find another human to carry Aurelius. I suppose you found the one to carry the dragon jewel?”

“The Dragon Mage will find that hero, it has been foretold.”

“No, it has not been foretold.” She said bluntly. “You use that excuse so people will go along with whatever you say. Have you forgotten in your senility that I was the one gifted with precognition? It is my task to make sure all things go according to the Old Gods’ plans.”

“Yes Kaia, I know. What of it?”

“Everything is not going according to plan!” Kaia lost her balance and fell on all fours. “I cannot foretell the future like I used to. I do know the humans, along with this entire land are in grave danger.” Kaia was silent for a moment. “Where is Eris? This concern is hers more than any of us.”

“I have not seen or heard word from her in ages.” Argus lifted his head. “What exactly worries you so?”

“The King of Myalune has employed an alchemist for the creation of a fell concoction capable of extinguishing life in massive numbers. I have seen it used in my dreams and that is where my visions end.” Kaia said with a blank stare. She continued in a whisper. “I feel this is an ill omen.”

“I feel you worry too much, Kaia. Everything will be fine.”

“The humans need our help. And they need more assistance than just dropping a couple of shiny objects in their hands and sending them on their merry way.”

“The gods were very clear on this; we must not meddle in human affairs, they forbid it.” Argus growled.

“And why not? It was their favorite pass-time after all.”

Argus rose to his feet. “We must follow their rules, without them there would be no order.” He said sternly.

“They have forgotten about and no longer care for this world but I do.” Kaia said in defiance looking up at the towering Dragon. “I will fly to this king’s castle, and in the cover of darkness, I will roast him while he sleeps.”

“I will allow you to do no such thing.” The white dragon snapped. 

“I need not your permission to accomplish what I was put on this world to do.”

“Think on this carefully, Kaia. You will suffer the consequences if you set out upon this path. I will make sure of that.”

“What is your intention, to kill me?” She laughed. “The gods forbid that too.”

Argus grinned. “What I have in mind is much worse than death.”

Kaia needed only a moment to contemplate the meaning of his words before she realized what was about to occur. Argus inhaled deeply. A green glow grew from within his translucent belly. Kaia panicked and jumped into the air in an attempt to flee. Argus bellowed a cloud of cursed breath, which nearly engulfed Kaia as she fled the temple with a streak of green fog in her wake. 

Only a few natives of the small village at the foot of the mountain were peering upward at that time. They would pass word of the shooting star they had witnessed which seemed to merge seamlessly with the naturally occurring emerald waves of light glowing in the starry arctic sky.

Argus couldn’t be bothered to pursue her in flight. He muttered a few curses, put his head down and went back to sleep.

Safely away from the white dragon and relieved she had not been cursed as a newt, she flew without rest from the Mirrored Peaks to Myalune where the evil human king resided. 

* * *

Kaia arrived at dawn. The city was a shadow with the blue-orange sky behind it as the sun rose over the countryside. The night watch would not have enough time to respond to an unexpected precise attack from above, she thought. The tallest tower of the castle in the center of the city was her target. On the way, she had fought an inner battle as the thought of killing even one human wracked her with guilt. Just one. Only one life has to be taken in exchange for thousands, even more, she reassured herself. Her confidence returned, and she quickly soared to the balcony of the king. Kaia was ready for anything, or so she thought.

The dragon busted through the elaborately designed stained glass doors and landed inside the king’s chamber with a raging roar. A man who had sat in the corner jumped out of his chair and shrieked in terror. The unarmed man in city guard uniform reached for a nearby vial of pink water, took it in hand and threw it at Kaia. Doused in the strange liquid, Kaia was enveloped in pink and violet smoke which veiled her completely. The liquid burned, she felt like she was about to melt. Her screams turned from a massive roar to a small cry. The guard watched in awe as the great beast shrunk down to a much smaller creature. He pushed the furry animal into a nearby cage, slammed the door shut, locked it, and ran out of the room. 

Kaia’s vision had been blurred. The cage appeared to have a solid iron bottom and top with thick bars all around her. She looked down at her fuzzy paws and howled in distress.

The guard reentered the room with two men behind. As her vision cleared, Kaia laid flat on her feet so she could see the men’s faces. One of them, a man with black and grayed hair with a cauldron sized belly. His left hand clasped his silken robe shut and had a crookedly placed crown on his head. He was without doubt Prian, king of Myalune. The other man she didn’t know. He was a short, small framed man with shoulder length blond hair, long face, blue eyes and a goatee. 

The short man shouted with delight. “It worked.” He turned to face the guard and then the king with a wide grin on his face. “I love when things work out.”

The king faced the small man. “A wolf, Dale?” He said in a tone of disappointment. “You said she would be a harmless animal, like a rabbit.”

Dale’s eyes wondered, he looked at his feet then glanced to the ceiling. “Technically, she is a lot less harmful than before.”

A lot less harmful? Kaia thought. I’ll show them otherwise. She concentrated on her breathing, inhaled a large breath and then released it in a long, drawn-out howl. She buried her head beneath her paws as she had expected fiery breath.

The guard nervously fiddled his hands. “I’m just glad I don’t have to be up all night, waiting to throw a strange potion at a dragon anymore. I couldn’t sleep if I wanted to.”

“The king turned to the guard. “You did well. I’d say you’ve earned a respite with pay. Report back for duty in say, three days.”

“Thank you, my lord.” The guard bowed and left the room.

The King and Dale returned their gaze towards Kaia. “At least I can sleep in my own chambers again. Can she be killed?”

“Yes and no.” Dale hesitated. “I do believe it is possible to kill any dragon, even an Elder. The problem lies with the violent release of the dragon’s soul upon death.”

The king crossed the room, picked up an elegant jeweled blade from its stand. He unsheathed it and made his way over to the cage. “Then I’ll kill her myself, and you can straighten the portraits later.”

“Actually, I wasn’t thinking of a minor shock-wave that we’ve seen from lesser dragons.”

The king halted. “What do you mean?” 

“It’s um, I was thinking more like a ripping the flesh from our bones, leveling the city sort of shock-wave.”

He approached Dale and threw his hands up in frustration. “What are we supposed to do then?” His robe swung open, which left nothing to the imagination. Dale shut his eyes tight, and didn’t open them until they were safely somewhere near the top of the large balcony window. 

Dale cleared his throat. “I’m sorry, my lord. Do you find it a bit drafty in here?”

Prian gave him a cockeyed look. He quickly tied his robe shut upon the realization. “No Dale, I am quite comfortable. Do you have a plan or not?”

“I will make her disappear, she will be of no hindrance to you.” 

“Very well, I will leave you to dispose of her properly.” Prian smiled as he turned toward the door. “She arrived at a bad time. I was with my lovely ladies and just as they were becoming rambunctious, I was summoned away. I must return and assure them all is well.”

“Of course, my lord.” Dale bowed. Prian made haste out of the room while pulling the knot back out of his robe. As soon as the king was out of sight, Dale let out a large sigh of relief. 

The man exited the room, and then returned a few minutes later with two hulking guards. He motioned to Kaia. “Take this-” he turned to the two men and studied them for a moment then spoke slowly. “Carefully take this cage down to the courtyard. Please load this on to the horse drawn cart which will be arriving soon.”

“Yes, sir.” The guards barked in unison.

The large men approached Kaia and while about to reach for her, stopped suddenly upon the sight of her horns. “What’s this?” One guard asked the other. “Have you ever seen a pointy dog like this before?”

The other man shrugged. “Maybe it’s one of those, you know, new kind of dogs that are more loyal and harder working to man. They uh, they breed them like that, I think.”

The first guard scratched his head. “What do you suppose they bred this one with? A bull?” 

“Maybe.” He nudged his partner with his elbow. “Would have liked to see that, eh?” He chuckled. 

“No I wouldn’t. Now get off it and help me lift this thing, it’s heavy.”

The men heaved Kaia up to their chests and shuffled her out of the chamber, down a long hallway and descended what seemed like an endless set of stairs. They were clumsy and appeared to be in a hurry to set her down. She was thrown around inside that cage, sliding one side to the other. They eventually made it to the great hall and out the gate where Dale was waiting. The men heaved the cage onto the cart giving Kaia one last push into iron. 

Dale hopped into the cart with Kaia to examine her. He turned toward the men. “Get on your horses and take us deep into Wychwood Forest.” The guards saddled up and started down the road through the city. Kaia surveyed the locals as they rolled along the road. The residents were busy setting up stands and decorating. The sun was barely over the horizon, yet the city seemed to be bustling. They reached the main square of the city where a tower sized statue of one of the Old Gods stood. The work of art depicted a heavily armored man, with long hair spilling out of spiked helmet. In one hand he held a sword by his waist and in his other hand, he held aloft a burning shield. She knew him as Alrin, God of Fire and guardian of the human race. She thought it strange the humans would still remember or pay tribute to any of the Old Gods. Her sister, Eris had taken Alrin’s place and had watched over the humans faithfully for nearly a Millennium. With the man-kind so near destruction, Kaia worried over Eris. What could have happened to her? Eris should have put a stop to this arrogant king years ago. Perhaps she is a horned rabbit by now. Kaia tried to clear her mind. She rested her head on her paws, looking out at the homes and people they passed, and felt regret. I should have just listened to Argus, she thought.

They arrived at the South Gate and passed under the large iron portcullis, then over a long stone arched bridge. They gained speed as they sped past farms and out into the rolling hills. It wasn’t long before she could see the sprawling Wychwood Forest. Once more they reduced their pace as they rode over rough terrain. The road they entered the forest on quickly disappeared into the lush foliage, rarely traveled on for many years now, she figured. 

Dale pulled himself close to the iron bars and whispered to her. “I am deeply sorry for what I have done. Please know that I have not lost respect for the Elder Dragons. I cannot ask for forgiveness, however you may know that King Prian can be a cruel and violent man. I’m afraid for my wife and home if I were to ever disobey him.” 

By that time one of the guards noticed Dale conversing with Kaia. “He’s talking to the pointy dog.” The man whispered to his partner. 

The other guard nervously coughed. “I know. I think the King may have been working him too hard. I’ve heard most nights he gets only four hours of sleep.”

“Oh, that might be it.” 

“So just pretend it isn’t happening.”

“Right.”

 “A wolf can at least fend for herself in the wild.” Dale said. “When we stop, I will unlock the cage, return to Myalune and inform the king you are dead.” Dale remained silent for the duration of the journey.

They reached a point where the forest was too thick to continue. Dale signaled the guards to lower the cage onto the ground and back to their mounts. Dale knelt down by the cage and stared apologetically into Kaia’s eyes for a few minutes which must have seemed like hours to a couple of concerned guards.

Dale reached in his pocket and pulled out a simple looking key. He inserted it into the lock on the cage and turned it to a click. He cringed, expecting to be mauled. When he opened his eyes, Kaia was still resting on the floor. Dale rose to his feet and jumped into the empty cart and within moments the men were out of sight. 

Kaia pushed the cage door open with her muzzle and glanced around at her surroundings. She considered following the men but changed her mind. Trapped in that body, the fate of the world was out of her control.

* * *

Elsewhere in the forest, a hunter by the name of Landric sat quietly up a tree. This was his favorite time of day. Thin rays of light began to shine down through the forest ceiling. Birds sang their songs, and the temperature, perfect. He leaned back against the trunk and took in a deep breath of the crisp morning air and lost himself in the tranquility of his surroundings. Landric was at peace and life didn’t seem so bad until he heard a fearsome blast come from within the woods. He felt a tremor, and then watched with slack jaw something that appeared to be a gale force wind blow through the trees in his direction. It was upon him before he could react and was ejected from his branch. He fell on his back at the base of the tree.

“What in the world was that?” Landric shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. He dusted himself off, located his engraved longbow and reclaimed his perch. I don’t know nor do I want to, he thought.

He resumed surveying the area for any sign of potential game. As the hours passed and as his luck would have it, his senses failed to detect anything besides the sound of bird song and the caress of a pleasant breeze. Landric had near unlimited patience and would have been content spending all day in that tree. If only hunger didn’t rear its ugly head. He had sat on that branch all morning without food and his legs began to cramp. He knew if he could not catch his food, he would have to spend some coin in the city.

As Landric stood up to enjoy a good stretch, he heard unusual sounds nearby. He crouched, hearing grass swoosh and the crunch of leaves under footfalls. His ears picked up deep gruff voices, unlike that of normal men. The figures were made clear as they approached, halting their march below Landric. They were taller than any human, covered in fur, and wore nothing more than a loin cloth made of the hide of an animal obviously too small for use as shame concealment. One of them had a dead white dragon in tow. The hunter’s face turned pale, he swallowed hard and trembled with fear. He knew exactly what unfortunate beings were standing below him.

The Cougren.

A young race of beastmen that resembled large predatory cats who walked upright, known to the land for only a few thousand years. Said to have been brought into existence not by the gods, but of the shameful result of a man who shared some things between feline and man, that feline and man should not have shared. They were known for their short tempers, tribal customs, and most terrifying to this particular hunter; tearing humans to shreds on sight.

Landric mustered his courage and calmed himself. He slowly pulled a hood over his head to better conceal himself as the leafy design and coloring of his cloak made for excellent camouflage. The leader of the cougren group stood below, a few paces in front of the hunter, while the other two were directly below him. 

“Why does it take so long to get back to the tribe?” One of them snarled. “You got us lost again!” 

The cougren holding the dragon’s tail in hand looked as if his fur had recently been singed. “Why do we have to kill these things? So Mandoon can have more shinnies?” 

The largest beast with black fur turned to the other two and shot back. “Silence! You two whine too much! We trade for shinnies before, this time we trade with that human for weapons. The tribe is not far, I can smell-” The beast sniffed around, his whiskered nose pointed upward. He faced his companions and with a quiet growl he said. “I smell a man.”  

The two other cougren caught the scent. Their eyes searched the trees and although the hunter was well hidden, he was worried. Some believed the Old Gods were still around watching over the world and just to be on the safe side, Landric prayed in silence to Althella, the Goddess of Salvation.

An idea popped into his head; as an expert hunter, he may have a chance at felling all three foes. He began to raise his bow and ran the scenario through his mind: First I shoot an arrow through the neck of one cougren, and as the other two become aware of my location, I’ll have an arrow ready for the next one’s heart. Then while I string up the final arrow, the last remaining savage is already upon me and with his powerful jaws and razor sharp teeth, he rips my throat out! The hunter swallowed hard once more and lowered his bow. He proceeded to pray to Meadeo, the God of Quick and Painless Death.

After several minutes that seemed like hours of searching, the beastmen huddled back together under the hunter’s branch. “We have wasted enough time.” Said the leader in an annoyed growl. “The tribe awaits our return.” 

Hearing that made the hunter expel a massive sigh of relief which lasted only moments when he felt and then saw a very large crimson spider on his arm. The venom of such an arachnid would quickly paralyze their prey, allowing them to feed on blood without interruption. This one hungrily made its way up the hunter’s neck. With every ounce of his willpower already consumed, he gave in to fear and let out a loud yet feminine scream. He flailed his arms wildly, which sent the spider down atop one of the cougren’s face at which point the agitated thing bit hard and deep into the beastman’s flesh. The large creature was felled in mere seconds. The hunter, unable to regain his balance, fell on top of another cougren causing the beast to crack its head on a large stone, rendering it unconscious, if not dead. 

The hunter stood fast and found himself staring the leader right in its cold, black eyes. Both stunned by what had just happened, neither of them moved a muscle. Landric, too near to the beast to get off a successful shot in time, desperately considered an escape plan but could not figure out why his foe had not made any move on him. He wondered if he had not yet set off a chase instinct in the cougren, if they had one at all. 

Landric considered what it may look like to the black beast. The cougren, probably wary of the stealthy warrior, possibly impressed by the way this human dispatched two of his companions in mere seconds using a trained spider at that! The beast may have guessed this was not a foe to be underestimated, and remained still, which only extended this frightening confrontation. 

Landric couldn’t take it anymore and ran hard and swift. His strong legs actually proved to be a more than a match for the beastman, who looked to have amassed too much upper-body muscle to move as fast as a cougren should; swifter than any human. The hunter smoothly dashed through the forest, jumped over streams, ducked low branches, avoided stones and roots that threatened to trip him along the way. He looked back and saw the cougren was just a small figure far away. He ran a little further to break the line of sight with hopes he would find a place to hide. He spied a large burrow under a tree and stuffed himself inside. He somehow managed to get all of himself into the dark hole that was so cramped, he could barely move. In the darkness he waited and listened.

The sounds of hurried footsteps were heard then turned to silence, until the dreaded sound of sniffing began. The hunter’s heart was beating fast and he covered his mouth to muffle his breathing. The prospect of nearing death filled his thoughts. Everything he had experienced and everything he looked forward to were all about to be erased from existence. His mind began to race so fast he could no longer think straight until finally, all thought was gone. 

He took a few deep breaths and pulled himself together. There were no more sounds of footsteps or sniffing. In all his panic, he wasn’t even paying enough attention to hear the cougren leave. He never felt so happy in his entire life, that is, until a furry hand wrapped around his ankle and yanked him out of the burrow.

* * *

Landric awoke in what seemed to be several hours later judging by the loss of daylight. A couple of large fuzzy beings stood before him talking, but only one of them ever spoke. The hunter closed his eyes for a few moments, opening them again in an attempt to focus. After a bit of concentration, the fog cleared from his mind, and he realized the two beings were really one, and that one was talking to him. It was at this point he began to understand what the beast was saying.

“You are lucky, human.”

“Really?” Replied the hunter pushing himself up from the ground and once more he closed his eyes in hopes the world would just stop spinning.

“Very lucky.”

At last Landric’s mind cleared enough for him to survey his surroundings. He was confined in a small old rusted cage, the likes of which were often used to transport slaves or criminals. He was within a small camp of cougren. Makeshift huts, wooden idols, and various supplies were within view. He looked again at the tall beastman standing over him and noticed it was increasingly annoyed at him. Perhaps it expected a reply.

“I don’t feel lucky.” 

The cougren laughed loudly. “You will when you begin the mating ritual.”

The hunter’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. He looked around at the female cougren. They too, looked fierce, yet with softer features than their male counterparts. They were all wearing their small scraps of hide just like the three he encountered earlier. The females did have a sort of seductive shape like a human woman’s, but the claws, teeth, and tails were a bit of a turn-off. Well, maybe not the tail. Still nervous, the hunter said in a low voice. “I don’t think I could satisfy your women.”

“Fool! We would never consider mating a human woman with one of our own. You will be our chief’s litter-brother, Mandoon’s mate! Consider it an honor, only a human of vast beauty that has proven herself in combat like you may have such a privilege.”

All color quickly disappeared from the hunter’s face, he shook uncontrollably and was having trouble breathing.  

“B-but, I’m a male human!”

“Then why do you have such lovely long golden hair, a slim waist, big legs, and no hair on your face? I heard you scream out a woman’s war cry before you ambushed us in the forest. A fine human woman you are.”

The hunter frantically searched for something to say to prove he was a man. “Well, what about breasts? I don’t have them!”

“Breads? What are you saying?”

The hunter began to motion his hands over his chest in a rounded fashion.

“Ah! Do not worry, unlike your men, ours care not for the size of your teats. Mandoon already knows you will be a fine mate.”

The hunter was stuck. Even if he dropped his pants, it would probably not change the Cougren’s mind. On the contrary, he thought, it might start the festivities early.

The beastman pointed across the camp to an even larger cougren wearing an extensive set of jewelry. “That is Mandoon.” 

The hunter made eye contact with Mandoon which prompted the large creature to wave at him. 

“Be ready for him when the time comes." The jailer warned. “One last thing, Mandoon wishes to know your name. What is it human?” 

The hunter paused a moment. Thoughts of his family came to mind, and he shrugged off all of the fear he felt. He swiftly rose to his feet, looked the cougren right in the eyes, and with enormous pride and passion he spoke loud and clear. “I am Landric, son of Eldric, the greatest hunter in the world.” Who was actually his uncle. “If he we’re here, he’d drop all of you dead on his own.”

The cougren grinned. “Cougren have great respect for hunters. Mandoon will be pleased.”

With a sigh of defeat, he sat down and once again surveyed his surroundings. A good look at the lock brought back memories of his old antics. He removed one of his boots and turned it upside down and wiggled it until two picks fell out. The lock looked easy, the problem was avoiding attention while he picked it and escaped. Most of the cougren were huddled around a bonfire at the center of the camp, except for one; Mandoon, who sat on a stump just outside the circle. When he had Landric’s attention, Mandoon smiled as big and best a smile a cougren could make, which exposed his fangs and made him look even more ferocious than before. Landric quickly turned away, waited for a short time then checked back with Mandoon to see if he was paying attention to whatever was happening in the circle. Unfortunately he was still looking at Landric, but that time when their eyes met, the beast tenderly blew him a kiss. Landric shuddered but didn’t give up hope. 

After a while, Mandoon was called over to the circle awarding Landric his chance. He inserted the picks into the old lock and ever so gently, he held his breath and turned a pick. The old lock just fell apart, leaving him kneeling there with his arms outstretched beyond his bars with two picks in hand. He turned his attention to the cougren who made no notice of the light clank sound of the lock disintegrating, slipped his foot back into his boot and slid the picks back in. He pushed open the door quietly and stealthily made his way out of the camp unnoticed.

As Landric silently moved out of the camp, the sound of a metal clank and yelp came from a short distance away. An animal must have been caught in one of the traps set by the cougren surrounding their camp. He treaded carefully a few paces and heard the trapped animal cry out in pain. He wanted nothing more than to just leave that place far behind as soon as possible yet, something inside him pushed him back toward the captured animal.  

He followed the cries and found the unfortunate animal caught in an old looking steel bear trap. It appeared to be a wolf at first glance. It had glossy black fur, its eyes were green as if they were emeralds, and had ears so long that they drooped down behind its head below its jaw. The most unusual aspect of this animal’s appearance however was the two ebony horns on its head. Landric felt as if he had a death wish when he proceeded to release it. 

“Okay, wolf, here’s the deal: I will let you out of this trap and in return, you will not maul me.”  

To his surprise, the wolf raised its front right paw as if to have acknowledged and agreed to the deal. An awkward hand and paw shake ensued. He kept a tight grip on his sanity by not giving what just transpired any more thought than necessary. With a bit of effort he pulled the trap apart. A short yelp later, the wolf jerked its wounded leg out and began to lick it. Landric reached for a rag in his pocket and slowly approached the wolf. When he felt there was no real danger, he gently inspected and dressed the wound. 

“No broken bones. That should heal soon.”

For a few moments the wolf sat there and stared into Landric's eyes.

“You are the most docile wolf I’ve ever seen.” 

A snap of a twig nearby reminded Landric of the danger he had yet to fully escape. The man rose to his feet and took one last look at the unusual animal. 

“Stay out of trouble and keep away from the cougren camp nearby. You will only find the substance of nightmares there.” 

He checked for threats then when satisfied he was safe, judged it was indeed evening and by the suns direction and was able to figure out the way out of the forest. He circled the tree line near where he had left his horse and whistled. After a while he heard rustling from the forest and was prepared to sprint when his packhorse appeared. She was borrowed, but well trained by the Griffon Family, and has served him well in his hunting ventures. He mounted and headed for Myalune, it would be around midnight before he arrived.

On his way to the city, the events of the day still raced through his head. He figured the next time a mysterious shock-wave blasts him out of a tree, he’d go straight to safety and in a hurry. 

As the sun disappeared into the horizon, Landric focused on the flickering torch lights of Myalune in the distance. Traveling at night always made him nervous. He felt as if someone were in pursuit of him, ready to rob or kill him. Occasionally he would stop and turn to face the phantom danger, but he would see nothing and hear only the sounds of leaves blowing in the cool breeze. No matter how he tried to convince himself that he wasn’t being followed, he still couldn’t shake the feeling, so he sent his horse in a full gallop toward Myalune’s East Gate. 

A large watchman leaned on the wall below the gate house. “Who’re you?” He asked with a scrutinizing look.

Landric dropped his head.

“I’m only joking, Landric. Don’t be so offended.” With clenched fist, he banged on the portcullis twice, rattling it to signal the guards on the inside to raise it.

Landric walked as straight as he could to Griffon’s Nest, the largest Inn in the city, a place he knew he’d be safe and get some much needed rest. He pushed the door open, and caught the sweet scent of the fresh flowers that were always well kept inside. Most patrons had left or retired for the day and Landric enjoyed the silence. Behind the counter with a large ledger and under the warm glow of the lantern was Lily Griffon, the only daughter of Hyacinth Griffon, owner of the establishment, and Warren Griffon, Captain of the city guard. Lily, with her strawberry hair and pale blue eyes was dainty, cute and unavailable, so he never pushed his luck with her. Still, she was kind to him, and would offer him a room at half the going rate or even free of charge when he was ragged enough in appearance. 

“Oh my!” Lily rushed around the counter to inspect him. “Are you all right, Landy.” She gave him a good look over.

Landric opened his mouth, but before any manner of speech could come out, she interrupted. “Don’t say a word. You go on upstairs and get some rest, don’t worry about the charge, this one’s on me.”

Landric didn’t like the thought of freeloading, but he knew it was pointless to argue with her as she was stubborn and he was far too fatigued to try. So he gave his thanks, shuffled up the stairs to his room and collapsed on the bed.

* * *

The icy tip of the woman’s sword kissed the neck of young Alvar Baldursson, a boy of seventeen years who lived in the harsh, unforgiving land at the top of the world known as Bleik. It was always cold there, even during the summer months. In most areas of the world the sun would be descending at that time, yet in Bleik, it still shone high above, nearly blinding the boy with reflections from the mirrored surface of the young, scarlet haired woman’s blade.

“For the last time, I will not marry you.” She said in an annoyed tone.

The boy remained calm, despite a feeling his life may end soon. It was not because of the uninterested  passing villagers who went on about their daily business. Nor was it the oath they all swore that there would never be any unnecessary bloodshed of those born there. It was more of the fact that all of his life he had never known fear; the essential human emotion he was simply born without. Often the villagers considered him special. Not an admirable sort of special, but more of a “Don’t point and laugh.” kind of special. He had no idea why his proposal infuriated the beautiful woman.

“Ask me again and I shall kill you.” She warned.  

“What if I built up my muscles, would you marry me then?” Alvar ventured a flex. Even if his thin arms were visible under his heavy furs, the flex would only appear like a strange pose as his arms were more or less skin on bone.

She gripped her sword firmly in both hands and wound back. “I warned you didn’t I?”

“Yes, you did.” Alvar was lost in her sky-blue eyes.

The deadly blade swung in an arc for his neck, but suddenly stopped as soon as it made contact. Alvar didn’t flinch. “Change your mind?” He said with a hopeful smile.

“No, I only pity you.” Valerie sheathed her sword. “Just look at yourself. Scrawny, hair sticking up as if you just got out of bed. You don’t know how to fight, you don’t even know how to run for your life.”

“I agree, but that has always been a problem for me.”

“Never mind that. I risked life and limb traveling here from real civilization, through the Dead Marsh, over the Mirrored Peaks, and across this unforgiving frozen tundra, just so I could inform my mother that my father has met his end to an enormous red dragon. I have only returned moments ago and you ask for my hand in marriage?”

A feeling of guilt overcame him. “W-well, I suppose I should have begun our conversation with a hello instead. I am so sorry for your loss.” Alvar caught a glimpse of a tear running down her cheek before she hastily turned away from him.

Valerie’s voice broke up. “The worst of it is; this monster’s just going to continue to kill people. No man, not even an entire army would have much of a chance.” 

“What if someone were to try talking to it?” He suggested. 

She turned back to him with an awe-struck look on her face. 

“I mean, dragons are intelligent beasts after all.” Alvar stammered with a renewed feeling of awkwardness. 

“You... You’re mad! That dragon only knows death, and besides, who would be brave or stupid enough to attempt such a thing?”

“Forgive me, it was a foolish idea.” He said, staring at his feet.

“Yes it was, now leave me be!”

He stood there silent for a few moments then looked up at her with a warm smile. “As you wish.” Alvar turned and began his walk home. 

She called out to him. “I’m sorry. Your idea is not so bad. Please take care of yourself, Alvar.”

“Be well, Valerie.” He waved, as he disappeared into his hut.

Alvar’s home was small, but felt comfortable and cozy as long as the fire in the center burned. “Mother, I’m home!” The boy declared while he removed his thick wool cape and cap.

“Welcome home, Alvar.” She said. “So what did you do on this fine frigid day?”

He put a hand on his chin. “I took a walk around the village, caught some fish for dinner and oh yea, I asked a girl I had not seen since childhood to marry me.”

“Marry you?” She choked. “Good heavens, I hope she let you down easy.”

“Oh she did. Very sweet girl, I think.”

She crossed the room to a small rickety table. “Alvar, please sit down. I have something important I need to speak with you about.” 

The boy pulled up a chair on the opposite end of the table. “What is it, Mother?” 

She took a deep breath and fidgeted with her long blond braids. “Listen, I spoke with the village Elder today, it’s about the Dragon Rite.”

“I’ve heard of that, what does it entail?” Alvar asked excitedly.

“Well, every child born of this village that comes of age must travel up the mountain to the white dragon’s temple to be judged. This dragon is known as Argus, and he decides if someone is destined for greatness in some way. Your father and I agreed that we would save everyone the trouble and just sort of skip you, but the Elder was so stubborn and didn’t want to break tradition.”

“I understand, Mother. I shall ascend the mountain first thing tomorrow morning.” He said obediently. 

“Just remember that Argus is an Elder Dragon You must greet him with respect and be on your best behavior.” 

“Yes, Mum.” 

She leaned to him and placed her hand on his shoulder. For a time she said nothing and appeared as if she were about to cry. “If the dragon looks like it is going to harm you by claw, tooth, flame or by any other means, please don’t forget to run, dear.”

“I’ll remember.” Alvar rose out of his chair and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. “Good night, Mother.”  

“Good night, Alvar.” She kissed him on his forehead.

Alvar curled up on a bear pelt beside the fire and drifted off into a peaceful slumber like someone without a care in the world.

The next day, Alvar began his ascent. The trek took most of the day as he followed a treacherous path of frozen rock and weathered, broken steps to the large, ivory shrine where the dragon resided. His journey up to that point had been uneventful, however that all changed as soon as he entered the beautiful temple. 

He was greeted by a deafening roar and a white fire which filled the back of the temple. Alvar had to momentarily turn away from the intense heat. When the flame burned out, Alvar saw a dragon, larger than anything he had seen in his life, drop to the temple floor. The boy watched in amazement as the thing stretched its giant wings. Before him stood the massive four-legged dragon with long ashen horns, shimmering blue eyes, and bright translucent scales. The fire within its belly was visible and it glowed like a sunset. Alvar was not disappointed as it was just as his mother explained. What stood proudly in front of him was not just any dragon; it was the master of all dragons, Argus, and he was indeed magnificent.

He continued down the lengthy grand hall until at last he reached the dragon. Alvar felt like an ant before the towering creature. “Greetings, oh wise and most masterful dragon.”

“Masterful?” The dragon said in a gruff, booming voice. “Is that the best you can do?”

“I apologize.” He bowed low with respectful intent. “I have never spoken with a dragon before.”

“That is obvious, boy. Did your people not inform you that if you do not greet an Elder Dragon properly, he may eat you?”

Alvar calmly replied. “No, I don’t think so.”

Argus stared at him for a moment. “Why then, do you disturb me, boy?”

“I am Alvar Baldursson and I’m here for the Dragon Rite, oh wise, oh magnificent, oh grandest…”

“Oh give it a rest, boy.” The dragon snarled. “Do you think you are worthy of my power? You, a puny runt even by human standards?”

“No, my dragon lord.” Alvar knelt. “I agree, I didn’t want to bother you at all, however my village Elder didn’t want to break tradition, so here I am.”

The beast stomped toward Alvar until he was nearly on top of him, placed his giant horned head in the boy’s face and growled. “You are wasting my time, intruding my temple and I am feeling very hungry right now. You have failed the test and so I condemn you to dinner.” The dragon raised his voice. “How does it feel to know you will soon perish?” 

The boy stood silent.

“Answer me!” The dragon’s voice boomed, shaking the very foundation of the mountain. 

Alvar remained still, a tear ran down his cheek.

“Your pathetic sobbing won’t save you.” The dragon said in disgust.

“You misunderstand. Your breath is far too foul for me to endure.” Alvar suddenly realized the insult. “I apologize, your dragon-ness.”

Argus immediately backed away. “In my entire existence I have not witnessed a display of so many positive traits all in one person. “You are respectful, humble, honest, selfless, and have shown me the most courage I have seen in ages.”

“Really?” The boy said surprised.

“Oh yes. Most of those who take my test wet themselves upon my appearance. The rest run off right after I threaten to eat them., however, you… You are special.”

“I hear that a lot.” Alvar said flatly.

“You have passed the test. Truth be told; I have never eaten anyone or even harmed a single human. Quite the contrary, my place here on the world is to protect you and your ilk. Corruption among your kind is spreading rapidly across the land. The world needs someone to fight those who would harm mankind. The world needs a hero that all humans can depend on for survival.”

Alvar’s eyes lit up with excitement as he made his conclusion. “Me?!”

“No!” The dragon stifled a tremendous laugh. “Of course not you. Just look at yourself, with that small frame, funny clothes and silly hair.”

Alvar shrugged as if he had arrived at the conclusion that the dragon had a valid point.

“Your task is to find and deliver a relic of immeasurable power known as the Dragon Jewel to the as yet unknown hero, and assist him in any way you can. I have something for you too.” The dragon grinned and motioned with his tail to a large ornately carved stone box. “Open this chest and claim your prize for passing my trial.”

Alvar approached the large coffer. He reached under the lid and tried futilely to open it. It was clear that the stone lid was far too heavy for this slight boy to open himself. The dragon rolled his eyes, groaned and flicked the tip of his tail at the chest knocking the lid off of the box. After the dust settled, Alvar reached inside and took out a staff. It appeared to be made of an ancient golden wood and had intricate rune carvings along the length that glowed faintly as he held it. The head of the staff had a carving of a dragon’s head with a pair of outstretched wings. For being stowed away so long in the cold temple, the boy was surprised to find it warm to the touch. 

“It is an ancient item capable of turning the human spirit and raw emotion into pure elemental force.” Argus explained. “Now as you might imagine, after waiting more than a century, I am somewhat anxious to see what my chosen pupil and his enchanted runic staff is capable of. First, you must give it a proper name.” 

Alvar gazed longingly at his newly acquired source of power. Feelings of excitement, the likes of which he had never experienced before, arose inside of him. Thoughts of being a grand magician entered his head. He imagined himself blowing down giants with gale force winds, entombing invaders in ice, and best of all, creating a large heart shaped fire on the ground representing  his burning love for Valerie to swoon over. He knew with that staff and power, his life would change forever. 

He had made his decision. Alvar triumphantly held the staff high above his head. “I call you Magic-Maker!”

“Its name is Aurelius.” Argus shouted. “Now lets us begin your training before you embarrass yourself further.”  

“Fine, but you did put me on the spot just then.” Alvar pointed out. 

“On to the first test. You must concentrate your energy and feelings in a way that would transfer real elemental energies into the world. Let us begin with earth. You need to use your sheer determination and will to move the land itself.”

Alvar closed his eyes and gripped the staff firmly in both hands. For a few minutes he stood there with his teeth clenched together until he trembled with force. Dust was drawn to Aurelius and there between Alvar’s feet, on the marble floor, sprouted a tiny sapling.

“That’s it?” asked the dragon, “That is the extent of your determination?”

Alvar opened his eyes. “I suppose I just need more practice.”

“Indeed.” Argus grumbled. “Let us move on to the element of wind. You need to focus on your courage to summon gale force winds. Concentrate, Alvar.”

Once again Alvar closed his eyes, this time he focused on his feelings of courage. The effect came sooner than the last, but the best he could come up with was a pleasant breeze that rolled through the temple. 

“Odd. You have shown me no fear, yet you cannot summon enough courage to evoke wind.” Argus silently studied Alvar. The great white dragon began to growl in a low thunderous voice. “I know you will not disappoint me with the test of water. The governing forces being that of tranquility and kindness. Focus on it, boy.”

Alvar’s staff became saturated in liquid. He cleared his mind and didn’t even notice the water take on a solid form. Ice covered the entire staff and then the boy’s hand. Soon Alvar was completely encased in thick ice. 

The dragon’s translucent belly began to glow bright orange with fire. He took a deep breath, then shot forth a white-hot pillar of flame at Alvar. The boy was completely engulfed in the fiery breath. The temple filled up with steam and when it had cleared, the boy could be seen unharmed inside his icy armor.  

“Very good, boy.” Said Argus. “The last element we will try today is that of fire. This is the most dangerous only because it requires feelings of negative energy such as rage to invoke. All humans feel these emotions, they are not necessarily bad, and they do serve a purpose. Anger can be the difference between someone taking action or doing nothing. The important thing to consider is how to use it in a positive way and keep it under control. Now show me.”

Alvar, still in ice began to concentrate on his feelings and memories. Soon a faint cracking could be heard around him. He knew the dragon could hear it as Argus approached and lowered his head near the boy. The cracking sound became constant, until finally, in one great blast of energy, the ice had shattered violently. Luckily for the dragon, his scales protected him from the sharp shards of ice that sprayed in exceptional force across the temple.  

The dragon stood there with gaping maw as he stared at Alvar, now engulfed in raging fire. Even his hair waved above his head had appeared to be burning. He was surrounded by fire, yet he had kept it contained around him in a way that did not harm him.  

“Well done. Remember, these are only a few examples of how to harness the elements. You must discover what resonates true to you.” The dragon’s gaze turned toward the temple exit. “I would like to send you on your way right this instant, but perhaps I will wait a bit longer this time.” 

“How much longer?” Inquired Alvar. “A few months or possibly years of training?”

“I will keep you overnight,” The dragon decided. “You appear to learn quickly and I need my space, peace and quiet.”

“I understand.”

“I will allow you more details of the Dragon Jewel tomorrow before you leave. For now continue focusing on your emotions and resolve to better harness your power. Try earth again.”

Alvar nodded and began to focus on his emotions.

“Maybe this time you could shoot a few pebbles across the temple.” The dragon returned to the back of the temple, curled into a ball and went to sleep.

* * *

Landric awoke from the warm light of dawn on his face. He sat up then felt a shooting pain in his left shoulder. Probably from that spill off of the tree, he thought. More of the previous day’s events flooded his mind. He took a deep breath, exhaled and chuckled knowing it was all over. He enjoyed a stretch, and turned to get off the bed when he noticed the feel of a fuzzy rug under his feet. He put his weight down to stand, and all at once came a yelp and a scream. From on top of the bed he looked down in amazement as that horned wolf stood there with tilted head, gazing at him. “How did you get in here?”

There was a knock on his door followed by a woman’s voice “What’s going on in there?”

“I uh— I had a nightmare. Everything is fine now.” Landric wished it to be true.

“I thought I heard a dog in there. There are to be no animals allowed here. I’m coming in decent or not.” She warned, and turned a key in the door.

The door swung open. A large figured woman in a frock with dark brown hair done up in a bun entered. He didn’t recognize her, but figured it was one of the Griffon women who ran the place. She gave Landric a look of bewilderment. “Why are you standing on the bed like that?”

The hunter couldn’t find an answer. The woman checked under the bed, walked over to the storage chest, opened the lid and closed it after inspection. 

“I am sorry for the intrusion.” The woman closed the door behind her.

Landric was flustered. Where was the wolf? Did I just imagine it? He leapt off the bed and began his own investigation.

“Nothing.” His fist rapped on his head.

For the sake of sanity, he decided not to dwell on it. He gathered his gear from the wooden chest and proceeded down stairs where he thanked Lily and departed the Griffon’s Nest. As he entered the streets of Myalune he couldn’t help but notice how busy the streets were. People were setting up various stands and shops to sell at the coming Summer Festival. It seemed a bit odd to him they set up so soon. The festival wouldn’t even begin for a few days. He understood that times were tough, and he guessed they probably wanted to get the best location possible for the most sales.

The hunter reached for his coin purse and found only a few copper coins. “Tough times indeed.” He muttered. Landric strolled down the street taking care to avoid the donkey drawn carts, merchants, and children buzzing around. There was an unmistakable feeling of excitement in the air, yet it didn’t capture Landric’s mood. He couldn’t stop thinking about that wolf. He knew he had not yet lost his mind. There was just no justifiable explanation for that incident. 

The scent of fresh baked bread caught his attention making his stomach growl. He greeted the baker at the community oven, and purchased a round loaf of rye bread with the last of his coin. He broke off a large chunk and quickly devoured it. The rest he dropped into his satchel for later. After a swig of water from  his canteen, he felt renewed and was able to think clearly again. 

He continued to pace the streets with his head down and mumbling to himself completely unaware of the judgmental eyes of the townsfolk upon him. He pictured the wolf in his mind. He remembered the long drooping ears, the green eyes like emeralds, the horns on the head, and the level of comprehension the wolf displayed. Landric just shook his head and thought of what a strange animal it was. 

Strange animal? He remembered stories he’s heard around town of a strange woman who lived with animals in a rundown shack at the edge of the farm lands. Perhaps she would know about the kind of creature that stalked him. Then he felt a little guilty as he just associated a strange creature with a poor woman he had never met.

He passed under the ramparts through the East Gate, a bit surprised to see the same watchman from the other night standing guard late morning. 

The man, upon noticing Landric, approached him. “Greetings, Landric.” He smiled warmly.

Landric wasn’t sure how this man knew his name, and it bothered him that he didn’t know the guardsman’s. The man seemed too friendly, and it felt much too late to ask his name at this point. So he just smiled back. “Hey, guy.” 

“What are you after today? Deer, boar, something else? You know, I always wanted to hunt, myself, ah but my father stopped taking me with him when I was a lad. He said I was too noisy and clumsy to hunt, said I was scaring the animals away.”

The man was built like a fortress, wouldn’t be hard to see him tripping over stones, roots or just plowing down small trees and brush. Probably roared like a catapult on the move, Landric figured. 

“He’s getting on in his old age now and don’t hunt no more. But he really likes what you do.”

“He does?” Said Landric confused, and soon become increasingly flustered that he couldn’t remember another person he’s met before. His thoughts casually strolled out of his mouth. “He likes how I hunt?”

“You bet! He says you’re one of the best he’s seen. Every time you bring in your game, he tells me how clean the kill was or how you bring in only the animals that are top notch or how he wished I would have turned out like that. The man respects you in the highest regard.”

Landric had a good idea who this person was. “How is Mel?” Mel Renoldt, the old butcher who always had been kind and fair to Landric when he brought his hauls in for coin. The old man never mentioned a son.

“He’s good. I’ll bet he is out setting up signs for the shop right now in preparation for the festival. He says he hasn’t seen you in a long while. Is everything all right? I mean, you did look a bit ragged there last night. What uh, what exactly happened to you?”

Landric rubbed his temples in an attempt to ease the sudden pain he felt in his head. “That’s right, you were standing guard late last night. Don’t you have any relief?” The hunter hoped to steer the conversation away from the embarrassing events of the previous day.

“Oh, sure I do. The guy was feeling under-the-weather this morning so I told him at the very least, I would cover half of his shift for him. I don’t mind, it being so pleasant a day.”

“Ah, good man. Well, I really should be going.” Landric backed away slowly.

“Wait, you didn’t answer my question.” The guard looked discontented. “What are you going after?”

“A woman.” Landric said with relief, happy to answer that question and not the one about his misadventure from the other day. 

The guard appeared troubled. “You’re hunting women now? So that’s why my pop hasn’t seen you for so long.

“No, no!” Landric said alarmed. “Just bad luck on the hunt lately. The woman I’m looking for is said to have extensive knowledge of animals and I’m hoping her advice will be of assistance.”

“Oh I see.” The guard’s smile returned. “Azria, I’ll venture?” 

“I don’t know her name, only the various and colorful names given by the locals. I think the most polite one I’ve heard was Critter Lady.”

“That would be Azria.”

“Can you tell me where she is exactly?”

“She’s a little ways east out from Ol’ Beorlman’s farm.”

With that information Landric would be able to quickly find Azria. He thanked the helpful guard and went on his way. 

It took some time, but he eventually found a dilapidated house nestled in some large old oaks facing a little pond. It had to be her place. He quietly made his way to the front door, careful in case she had trained boars or the like that would attack trespassers on sight. He knocked on the door, which caused it to wobble in the way a door would when being held together by one remaining hinge. 

“Who’s there?” Came a voice from inside which wasn’t nearly as hideous as he thought it would be.

“My name is Landric. I apologize for the unexpected visit, but may I have a few words with you?” There were  curious sounds coming from inside but no answer. “Please, I’m in dire need of your help.” 

The door opened and beyond it was a home that had looked like it had been ransacked by passing looters. He could see small animals running around inside, some slept on furniture, others played with one another. A powerful offensive sour scent hit his nose which forced a tear to well up in his eye. 

All of this would make any man, woman, or beastman run off, but there, in the doorway stood a young woman who looked about Landric’s age. Her dress was filthy and ragged, her long, chestnut hair was a mess, but her face was beautiful. She had a petite nose, full lips and big brown eyes which, he figured, would make any man fall in love with her if it weren’t for the filth, animals and various nasty odors wafting his way. 

“Thank you. I just have a few questions.”

“Would you like to come in?” Said Azria in a sweet voice.

Over her shoulder, Landric noticed a cat defecating on the floor. “Can we discuss it outside?” 

“Of course.” Azria motioned to the peaceful pond. She ran her hands through her hair as they strolled over. “I’m so sorry, I usually don’t receive many visitors. I must look like a complete mess.”

“Please, you shouldn’t feel that way, besides I’m the one who’s intruding on you.” They both sat on the grass at the water’s edge. “First, I have to ask; do you feel safe out here?”

“Completely,” said Azria. “I feel much safer out here under the watchful eyes of Titan than I ever did living in the city. Those people were so mean to me just because I’m a little different. I’m so glad to be away from all of that.” She smiled as she looked around. “Out here it is peaceful, I tend my gardens, I have my furry friends, and my parents pay me visits often.” 

“That’s nice. To be honest, I too would rather be away from the city.” Landric felt uncomfortable. The girl probably frowned upon hunters like him for killing her woodland friends. He figured it best not to talk about himself. “Who is Titan?”

“He’s my sweet boy, over there.” She pointed to the house. There near the doorstep sat a great black bear, observing them. “Animals can tell a lot about a person. If you were a rotten man or any threat to me, he would have run you off already. Or worse.”

Even so, a bear that large made Landric nervous. He didn’t like the fact that it seemed to just appear there, and was suddenly feeling a powerful urge to leave. “I’m here because I have heard you have an abundance of knowledge about animals.”

“I don’t know about the abundance part, but I do feel an intimate relationship with them. I understand them in a way most people do not. It has always been that way since I was a little girl having conversations with my cat.”

“Oh, yes?” Landric, nodding nervously. He regretted the visit already. “My trouble is; I’m being followed by a strange but intelligent horned wolf.” After hearing his own words, he figured he shouldn’t be so judgmental of a woman who claimed she could talk to cats.

“I can see that.” She tilted her head, appearing to look behind the hunter.

Landric felt a chill, turned his head slowly, wanting to know, but also not wanting to know what was behind him. Sure enough, that same horned wolf was sitting idle a few paces away. He turned around and sat beside the girl so he could keep an eye on it. “What is it?” He whispered.

Azria vocalized some strange sounds, as if she were trying to communicate with the animal. The horned wolf hurried over to her, let out a bark and whimper. “This is strange. I can’t understand what she is saying.”

“You don’t understand wolf speech?”

“It’s not that. It’s more like this particular wolf doesn’t know how to speak.”

“How is that possible?”

She sat quietly for a while, then put her hands on the wolf’s head. She looked troubled. “This isn’t a wolf. This is something else completely. I don’t know how to explain it. It’s like a disguise or a curse.”

That didn’t make Landric feel any better.

“At least she seems to hold no ill will towards us.” She glanced over at the massive bear which lounged in front of her home. “According to Titan, I would say you have nothing to worry about.”

Landric was put at ease knowing this. The wolf never did try to attack him, never even so much as growl at him. He glanced over at the animal. She was just sitting there quietly, with her head tilted down, eyes staring back at the hunter. There was no malice here, if anything, misery.

“Why do you think she follows you?” 

“She has followed me since I freed her from a trap in the forest.” 

“You are indeed a kind soul.” Azria smiled warmly. “You have helped her before, perhaps you may help her again. Whoever she is, I’m sure she would be grateful.” 

It had to be true. There was someone imprisoned in that wolf form. Landric knew if it were him, he wouldn’t want to be stuck like that any longer than possible. There had to be someone in the city that knew about this kind of curse. He only needed to ask around. Landric rose to his feet, exchanged farewells with Azria and headed back in the direction of Myalune with his four legged shadow close behind.

* * *

He couldn’t manipulate his emotions any more. Alvar was exhausted from conjuring the elements all night without rest. There were improvements sure, but for now, he had to stop. Rays of dawn were peering through the sky high windows of Argus’ temple. The hulking white dragon took many naps throughout the night, but Alvar never stopped until a pillar of light made its way to one of Argus’ eyes. He stirred and his grumbles sounded like an earthquake. A black slit the size of Alvar’s head focused on him.

“Have you improved your earth magic, boy?”

“Yes, Master Dragon. I sent some good sized pebbles out the window. “Said Alvar, pleased with himself.

“That is good enough.” The dragon stretched his legs. “Continue practicing and you will improve further. And remember that many humans will vilify you if they witness you using this power. Have you heard of the old Demcyan Kingdom?”

“Yes I have. I heard it was engulfed in a massive firestorm.”

“That is correct. The cause of which was your predecessor. You must maintain control over your emotions or be engulfed by them.”

“I won’t let that happen to me.” Sail Alvar firmly.

“Good. Before you go, I need you to take this.”  Argus flicked his tail and slid a small wooden box over to Alvar. It looked like an average jewelry case, save for a golden dragon shaped emblem on the top. Alvar carefully picked it up. The lid made a small creak sound as it revealed a golden chained pendant. Clasped in it was a brilliant diamond-like stone the size of Alvar’s fist.

“That is the Dragon Jewel. An ancient stone left to me by the old gods that would grant great power to whoever wore it. Put simply, it would give an Elder Dragon’s strength to a human. It is the only Dragon Jewel in the world and I entrust you to find the hero whom it is worthy of.”

“Such great power and only one in the world?” Alvar gasped. “May I call it the One Pendant.”

“No! What is it with you and your silly names?” Snapped the dragon. “It’s called the Dragon Jewel and you must deliver it to the hero. Any questions?”

“Yes. Where can I find this hero?”

“That is part of your task as his location is unknown to me. If I were you, I would begin my search in Myalune, the largest human city on this great continent. Someone there must have information that could lead to such a  heroic person. Now go, your time is limited, and I could use a little more shut-eye.”

“Yes, Master Argus, thank you, oh wise, oh grandest-”

“Oh, good bye!” Grumbled the dragon as he curled into a ball.

Alvar bowed low, turned around and went out the gaping exit of the temple. On his way down the snaking mountain path, he reflected on all that has happened within the span of a few short hours. Magic. He couldn’t believe he could harness such power. What will his mother and father think of him now? Or the rest of the villagers? Valerie? 

Those thoughts consumed him like the tide of unconsciousness that washed over him in that moment. He fell to the ground and rolled off the path down the side of the mountain. In the middle of his fall he snapped out of it and tried to grasp on to a large rock or a tree to stop his fall. He was surprised to find how little cushion snow provided at that time of flailing down the rocky slopes. His wild tumble ended when he hit the lower segment of pathway that otherwise would have taken him a lot longer to reach.  

He got up, brushed the off the snow, found Aurelius, and continued down that trail. Alvar always tried to stay in a positive frame of mind when bad things happened. He was happy about all of the time he just saved by that unintended short cut. 

Upon arriving home, his mother was ecstatic as any loving mother would be upon seeing her only son after he faced a dragon alone. “Alvar!” She ran over to him and hugged him tightly. “I was worried sick.” 

“How was your climb? What did the white dragon say? How did you get so bruised? Oh, I’m a fool. You’re hungry and thirsty. Let me get some things for you.” She never noticed while frantically preparing his meal and drink, he was flat on the bear pelt, face first.

Alvar awoke nearly an entire day later to the sounds of celebration coming from outside his home. The hut was empty and his staff was missing. He went out to investigate and was greeted by applause and cheers. What a turn of events this was. Once he had been considered an outcast, but now he was like a hero. The village Elder handed his staff to him and gave him a pat on his back. He scanned the many faces in the crowd but couldn’t find Valerie.

“The prophecy is coming true.” Shouts came from the crowd.. “He will find the hero that will save mankind.” 

“He can wield the elements.” Shouted another. “A demonstration, please.”

Feelings of joy welled up inside him and without noticing, he began to float a few feet off of the ground due to a powerful updraft he unintentionally created.

The crowd went wild with cheers, however there was one who wouldn’t join in. Another boy about Alvar’s age strode over to him. “The dragon made a mistake.” He said, receiving gasps as he pointed an accusatory finger at him. “This frail little weakling could never be deserving of such power. I will wield the staff and show you what a true Dragon Mage looks like.” 

As his hand gripped Aurelius, it burned by the fire that had consumed it. The boy screamed and fell to the ground in tears. Alvar would show him and everyone else how powerful he had become. He took Aurelius from the ground and held it overhead. Flames burst forth from the tip of the staff that shot skyward like a fiery geyser. The sounds of awe turned into panic as sparks fell on the top of a nearby hut, engulfing it in fire.

Alvar knew he had to get over his feelings of rage and calm himself if he was going to invoke water. He went to his happy place, breathed deeply and achieved a satisfactory level of peace within. He pointed Aurelius at the burning roof and shot forth a powerful stream of water. So powerful was this vortex, it blasted the top off of the home, leaving it a steaming pile of damp sticks.

The villagers all turned to look at Alvar with accusation in their eyes. The boy realized that his standing with his fellow man hadn’t changed at all. He was still an awkward boy. The only difference was his powers of awkward magic. “I’m so sorry, everyone. I will leave tomorrow and cause you no more trouble.” He gazed at the golden staff in his hand knowing he could still change his image and even the world. 

“I make a promise to you all, here and now. I vow to fulfill my purpose and I will not stop until I find the great Hero of Prophecy.” Said the boy with conviction. 

A nearby sheep bleat in response. The grumbling villagers who still had homes returned to them. Of course, applause would have been a little more of an encouraging reaction to his words, but at least for now they knew he was not about to give up his quest.

Alvar returned to his home and packed for a long journey. His mother walked in with a worrisome look on her face. She fidgeted with her golden braids. “Do you have to leave so soon, Alvar?”

“This may be my only opportunity to leave of my own free will after what happened out there today.” Alvar sighed low.

“Your father hasn’t even returned from his hunt yet. Don’t you at least want to say goodbye to him?”

“When he hears about what I just did, it will just be more disappointment I’ve caused him. I want to earn his respect, and finding this hero of prophecy is the only way to do it.”

He caught his mother’s eyes and smiled for her. “I just faced a dragon and came out of that alive. I’ll bet it only gets easier from here.”

There was a knock on the wooden frame of the home.

“Alvar, answer the flap. I’ll pack some things for you.”

He nodded and when he left the hut he was shocked to see Valerie before him. His eyes went to the gravel. “I suppose you’ve heard about what happened. Have you come to laugh at me.”

“No, I should be congratulating you. They say it’s been over a century since someone has passed the Dragon Rite and you did it. Well done, Alvar.”

Alvar couldn’t believe his ears. A tremendous feeling of joy overcame him. She would finally accept him as a man of belated greatness.

“I can’t forget the stories of how the last person who passed the Rite ended himself along with a once prominent city in a raging firestorm. This may have all been a mistake, Alvar.” Said Valerie flatly.

His joy had abandoned him once more.

“I know that.” Said Alvar calmly. “I still have to try.”

“Yes, you do.” She smiled and rested her hand on his shoulder. Her touch was like magic. It felt like all the warmth in his body flowed to that one spot. Maybe there was another place which began to warm too, but he was pretty sure it was mostly his shoulder.

“I’ve heard you’re leaving. Where will you go?”

“Myalune.”

“In that case, we will go together.”

“Are you sure?”

“Of course. Myalune is my home now. Depending on our speed of travel it may be a long journey so be sure to pack enough supplies. I will come to get you early tomorrow morning. You should be prepared by then.”

“I will.” While Alvar gazed at her as she walked away, his heart began to race at the thought of long travels with Valerie. Perhaps when she has spent enough time with him, the two of them would get closer and then she might accept him as her husband.

Times were good. He had his whole life ahead of him, a grand task with a newfound power and he would be traveling with that amazing woman. He ducked under the door flap and finished his preparations.

Sleep didn’t come easy for Alvar that night due to the intense excitement he felt along with the marathon slumber he had the day before. He imagined fighting bad guys, slaying mighty beasts, and saving the damsel even if she wasn’t quite so distressed. 

By the time Valerie had arrived in the morning, Alvar was already waiting outside in the calm cool air. He had all his gear strapped around him like it had partially consumed the small framed boy. Valerie was sure to be impressed by his green eyes, full of determination, his sandy brown hair like tufts of feathers stuck upward and swayed in the gentle breeze, and his warm cloak which swayed stylishly in the wind.

Valerie had two jonyxes in tow. “Look at the well prepared adventurer!” She passed the reigns of one of the large cats to the boy. 

Alvar patted the beast which stood only about a head length below him. The jonyx were native to the harsh lands surrounding Bleik. During most of the year their coats were snow white, but as it was summer, their fur had already changed to a glossy dark brown color. The Jonyx that are used as mounts have had most of their natural predatory hunting instincts bred out of them and need to be brought raw meat at least once daily. They had short muzzles, long pointed ears with tufts at top, and were well known for their speed, which disappointed Alvar, since that meant less time spent with Valerie. “I thought we’d be on horseback.”

“We have a long journey ahead of us, Alvar. If we rode on horses, it would take us weeks.” She pressed her forehead against her cat’s soft, furry head. “These lovely creatures will get us to Myalune in less than half the time. Our first day will be spent crossing the Barrens and then traversing the Mirrored Peaks. I would keep my head covered until we reach the foot of the mountain if I were you.”

“Point taken.” Alvar placed a thick wool cap on his head and pulled it down to his eyes.

“Let me make this clear.” She warned. “This jonyx is being lent to you, so make sure you take good care of him.”

“Of course.” Said Alvar in a kind of flat tone as he remembered a dream the night before where they had been squeezed together on a single mount.

The two mounted their jonyxes and swiftly rode off into the empty brown lands with the southern span of the mountain which appeared like small hills so far away.

* * *

Being King of a large country wasn’t always fun. Like so many times before, he had to make sacrifices. To his left a lovely young blond woman wearing a silky, red, transparent dress hand-fed Prian berries. To his right was that bountiful, topless brunette fanning him from his right. She may have noticed his discomfort.

“Would you like me to oscillate, my lord?” Asked the girl in a breathy whisper.

“I will tell you what to do when I want you to do it.” Said the king harshly. “Speak only when spoken to.” 

“As you wish, my lord.”

He wasn’t hungry nor was he feeling uncomfortably warm, but as a king he had an image to uphold, and whether he liked it or not, he had to endure it for a time. He impressed himself with his patience and forgiveness he displayed when the last audience he granted with a peasant went awry where the offending person did not kneel. He could have made that  man a slave or imprison him. Often when people do not show Prian the respect he deserves, a death sentence comes to mind. Not this time. He only merely banished the man from Myalune for life. 

A peasant woman entered and knelt before him. She was a filthy, nasty sort, like most commoners, however she had a curvaceous figure under those dirty, tattered and reeking clothes. As she continued with her talking, pleading, crying or whatever it was she did, he studied her further. He imagined how she would look after a thorough bath. She could be decorated with a few scraps of silk, ribbons and flowers. She may have made a fine addition to his personal collection. He had so many already, over thirty in all  from all over the globe. Did he really need another and one so common as to have resided in Myalune? He snapped his fingers to alert the throne guard to approach him. In an instant, the man was on his knees at Prian’s side.

“I’ve decided I have more than enough wenches and you shall not allow any more women in for audiences until further notice.” He whispered.

“I understand, Sire.”

“What is the point of her babbling?”

“She asks for a temporary reduction in tax collections for her father’s farm.”

“Tell her I will grant this under the condition that they will have until the end of the year to pay me in full. If they fail to do so, I will lock her father up and seize their farm.” Said Prian through his teeth.”

As the guard escorted the young woman out of the castle, Prian wondered if his audiences were really such a good idea. The illusion of listening and caring for the people improved morale, but it didn’t seem worth his trouble, and was nearly too much for him to endure on a regular basis. It was a relief to see Dale enter the throne room with important news which called for dismissal of all other non-essential staff and an end of granting audiences for the time being.

Dale’s dirty-blond hair was blown over his face. He approached Prian and knelt.  

Prian awaited a response but the man remained silent. “Well, what have you discovered, Dale?” 

He moved the hair from his face and took a deep breath. “The whole village is dead, my lord.”

Prian jumped out of his seat. “What happened to them?”

“The messenger I sent to deliver the vial never returned. So I went to check on him myself and found him, along with the entire village dead.”

Prian fell back into his throne. “Are you sure they weren’t in a deep sleep?”

“As deep as it gets. No breath or pulse. I must have made it too potent.”

Prian thought about this new turn of events. Perhaps this would be better than putting his enemies into temporary slumber. After all, when his enemies awoke they would still remain loyal to their fallen king. They would resist the new world they found themselves in. If they were dead, it would be over. Sure, people had value, but the land claimed would be worth much more. Besides, these people practically bred like rabbits. The liberated cities would be filled with plenty of his own people soon enough. He clapped his hands in a congratulatory fashion.

“Well done, Dale.” Said Prian with a wicked smile. “This is exactly how we will conquer the Six Cities. They will be defeated before they even know what hit them.

“Will Ruby approve of this?”

“Why wouldn’t she? The old lizard resents humanity.”

“I deeply apologize if this may sound disrespectful, but do you think she may be using you, my lord?”

“I understand your concern, Dale. Yes, she most definitely is using me. That is the way of life. People use one another to get what they want. We extinguish the lives of a massive amount of humans for the dragon and my kingdom will rule the entire continent. Everyone is happy.” He considered his words for a moment. “Everyone who matters, anyway.”

“I don’t feel good about being responsible for the death of so many people.” Dale’s voice trembled.

Prian knew Dale to be a gentile, soft person, and he would be hesitant in his decision to make more of the poison. He rose out of his throne and casually strode to the alchemist. “Arise and follow, Dale. I want to show you something.”

They climbed the tallest tower to the king’s personal chamber. Prian led Dale onto the balcony, then leaned on the railing. “Take a good look out there.”

The sprawling port city of Myalune stretched out far into the distance below them with the great sea expanding out endlessly into the horizon to the west. Watch towers and elaborate temples stuck out among the lower buildings. The statue of Alrin and the fountain in the merchant square were clearly visible. The streets were bustling with activity as people went on with their daily lives and made preparations for Myalune’s Summer Festival. Dale turned to Prian. “Yes, it’s the city. Thank you for showing me this.” 

“No, Dale, I’m trying to make a point.” Said Prian annoyed. “As you know, a few years back an assassin murdered my father. He was caught by one of our men and taken to the square where his four limbs were tied to four horses and torn apart for all to see. Do you remember that day, Dale?”

“I wish I could forget. I can still hear the man’s screams.” Said dale with a blank stare.

“Of course you remember, that’s the point of a public execution. Especially one carried out in such a gruesome fashion. People will remember what happens to those who challenge the throne. They will fall in line after witnessing such a spectacle.” Prian raised a finger to Dale and slowed his speech to make a point. “It’s not just about intimidation, Dale. People need leadership, they crave for someone to tell them what to do or how to live. People’s beliefs and ideals are so varied that if you just left it up to them, they would only fight among themselves. There would only be chaos.” 

Prian took a deep breath. “Let me tell you something you didn’t know. That assassin was commissioned by the lords of the Six Cities. I know this because the man admitted it to me after an extensive session of torture. If we don’t follow through on our plans, war will come. This way our people are safe and they don’t even need to know the threat of war. Look down upon all of those people, Dale. They are counting on us.”

“What happens then, when people ask about what happened to those who died in the Six Cities?”

“First I will send a hundred or so men out there to clean up the mess. Then I only need to start rumors the people of Six Cities had been cursed and driven out of their homes for their evil deeds by an angry dragon or an old god who returned. It really doesn’t matter. People are superstitious and simple, they’ll believe anything one of their better's tell them.”

Dale looked over the city once more. “That last vial was enough to take out that little fishing village and some animals in a thirty yard radius of the water source where it was introduced. Will this not make the lands around the Cities uninhabitable?”

“Ruby has stated the effect would diminish within a week. Remind me to send some worthless person out there to warrant the truth of that matter.”

“Very well, but we’re going to need quite a bit more ingredients if we want to effectively cover the Six Cities.”

Prian laid a hand on Dale’s shoulder. “I will procure more dragon scales. I trust you will begin work when I have returned.”

“Of course, my lord.” Dale bowed. “I will begin acquisition of the other necessities right away.”

“As you will.” Prian, thoroughly satisfied with the outcome, let Dale return to his lab. Everything would go as planned. Dale was right about Ruby, though. She wouldn’t just hand over Prian’s dreams without a heavy price. She would betray him, he just needed to come up with a failsafe plan to keep her from cheating him.

Prian shrugged. It had been a long day and he needed to relax. A visit to his collection of sultry lady playthings would do the trick. It always improved his mood.

* * *

On the way back from Azria’s home, as they walked through the farmlands, the sun made its lazy decent. Landric figured they would arrive at Myalune before dusk. The trek seemed to go well until he noticed the wolf had collapsed behind him. He ran to her and looked for wounds, but found nothing. He inspected her leg only to find it had healed exceptionally well. Landric reached for his flask and poured water in front of her muzzle. She lapped a few times but she still wouldn’t budge. He sat down beside her, patting her head. Perhaps she was sick, he thought. Did she eat something she shouldn’t have? Landric’s stomach growled at the thought of food.

It dawned on him; she probably didn’t have anything to eat since she’d been transformed, possibly longer. He scanned the area. Wide open plains to the south and west. Grain farmland was the only other thing he could see. He could run a ways off and hunt an animal for her, but he didn’t want to leave her there where a farmer might find and kill her. He remembered the river they crossed not far away. 

Landric lifted her over his head, draped her on his shoulders, and backtracked to the river where he gently set her down near the water. He could see the fish as they swam through the shallow water. He threw off his well-worn boots and waded into the river. Now and again he saw fish swim past his feet. He stooped, then waited for the right moment and thrust his hands in and narrowly missed his target. So he waited again and plunged his hands in around a fish only to watch it slip out of his hands like a wet bar of soap. Time and again they wiggled or popped out of his hands. He halted a moment to see if there were any spectators. The only eyes on him were that of the wolf, even so, he felt embarrassed. 

“Rotten, slimy trout.” He muttered.

He reached into his quiver and took out a single arrow. He held it tightly mid shaft with the arrow pointed down and with a satisfied smile, successfully skewered a fish. He tossed it to the wolf who consumed it immediately.

“I hope you left the arrow.” Said Landric. He noticed it wasn’t so much consumed as it was shredded to pieces. Landric made a mental note to pull the next fish off the arrow before he tossed it to the wolf. Another stab and another fish was unusually speared. It didn’t take long before he had a pile of fish on the river’s edge. He sat next to the wolf who was standing and seemed in good spirits. 

He rummaged around for sticks and made a small fire to roast his catch. The sun had just vanished beyond the horizon when he finished his meal. The silhouette of Myalune castle could be seen in the distance. Only an hour or so walk, Landric figured. 

They crossed the farmlands and made it to the South Gate. Landric halted near the doors to check behind him. The wolf was gone. He turned and approached the guard for whom Landric yet had a name.

“Landric!” The guard shook off a yawn. “How did your visit with that Azria girl turn out? Did you get tips from her to become an even greater hunter? Oh and uh, is someone following you?”

The second question unnerved the hunter. He casually looked back to see if that wolf reappeared, but only saw darkness. 

“No. Why do you think someone is following me?”

“Right, well, I saw you stop and turn around like you were looking out for someone.”

“Yes.” Then it dawned on the hunter why the guard asked such a question. “No, but I thought I heard something. Probably just leaves rustling in the wind.”

“Oh, I see. I’ll bet you have amazing hearing senses being the great hunter you are. I bet you could hear a deer a mile away.” The guard yawned. “Pardon me.”

“I wouldn’t say that. You didn’t get much sleep did you?”

“You got me there. Double guard shift will do that to a bloke. The other guard promised me he will be back tomorrow morning. I’ll get my sleep then.”

Landric studied the guard. “Would you know of someone in the city that may have knowledge of magic or curses?”

“I’m sure the old crone that runs the Mystical Shop of Wonders in the merchant district knows a few things. Personally I wouldn’t go near the place. She’s a scary woman if you get my meaning.”

“I’ll stay clear of the place then. Thanks.” Landric was relieved the drowsy guard had no follow-up questions as to why he wanted knowledge of such things.

“Not at all.” Said the guard kindly.

It was much too late for him to visit the shop so Landric stopped in at the Griffon’s Nest. It was still early enough to have a large crowd enjoying the food and drinks. Landric sat at the counter, checked his light coin purse and figured he could at least get one drink. 

There was a large drunken man sitting beside him who looked at him then said something to his buddies which was followed by chuckles. The man leaned over to Landric. “Heya, darling.”

Landric took a sip of his mead and ignored the man. He was used to this kind of thing. It was the same as when he grew up. The children had always made comments such as how he would have been more attractive as a girl. Some people never grow up as was the case of the pile of brainless muscle next to him.

“What’s a beautiful princess like you doing in a place like this?” His buddies roared in laughter. “Don’t you pretend like I’m not here.” He put a tight grip on Landric's shoulder. 

A growl came from nowhere. The large man looked around. “What was that?” Another growl. “Did someone bring their pooch in here?” 

It was amazing to see just how fast sobriety will hit someone upon witnessing a wolf jump from out of nothing and dig its teeth deep into their leg. 

Screams filled the Nest and people were rushing out the door along with the man’s buddies who were followed closely by the wolf. The large man gripped Landric by the chest and put a rusty dagger up to his neck.

“Call off your dog or I’ll slit your throat.”

Landric struggled but couldn’t break free. “She doesn’t take commands from me.”

“Bullsh-” The man stopped, perhaps suddenly stabbed with the icy blade of sobriety when he noticed the wolf was gone and the pub, empty. The room was dead silent. The man frantically looked around. He was breathing heavily and erratic until the wolf leapt off the counter from behind and brought him down like a boulder. She fiercely bit the man’s hand. He struggled to his feet, and tore his hand free from her jaws. She vanished again.

“Cerberus!” He shouted, and ran out of the pub grasping his bloodied hand.

Later that night Lily thanked Landric for his help. The Nest was clean and they rid the place that man who had been nothing but trouble every night. They figured he wasn’t coming back any time soon. She wished him a good night and he sat at a table alone with his thoughts. He was glad to have such a stealthy and loyal companion, nevertheless did it bother him that he couldn’t figure out what was going on with his phantom partner. After a time of idle thought, he pushed away from his table, picked up a lit candle and crossed over to the pantry behind the kitchen. He listened for any sound and peered around for anyone who might still be nearby. When sure he was alone, he slipped inside. The shelves were fully stocked with dry goods and kitchen supplies. He found a burlap sack full of flour, took a couple of handfuls of it and tossed it onto the floor. He sat on a wooden barrel in the back of the room and waited. 

He knew the Griffon’s would frown upon him hiding out in their pantry and was a little nervous that so far, nothing was happening. Sure he may have arrived at the wrong conclusion, but he had to know for sure before abandoning the idea. He tried calling her with a whistle, shaking some sacks of food, making satisfied eating sounds and still nothing could be heard or seen. 

It dawned on him that he was going about it all wrong. She wasn’t a wolf, he was nearly certain of that. So he came up with a lie. “Unbelievable “ He said in a low enough voice not to disturb anyone’s sleep. “The Griffon’s are hoarding various magical antidotes in here.”

He listened closely. Low click clacks came from the kitchen until finally, like a ghost, paw prints formed in the spilled flour on the floor.

“Aha!” Landric threw a clump of flour at the prints. It was a direct hit to the wolf's head and then the form of the front of her body could be seen like a specter. She sneezed furiously. Landric desperately tried to muffle his laughter which was cut short when she gripped his boots in her jaws and yanked him off of the barrel on which he sat. On his way down he flailed his arms about frantically to save his fall. The attempt only brought tin cans, pans, and sacks of grains down upon him. With so much commotion and mess he knew they were sleeping outside that night. They quickly escaped through the back door and slept in the stables.

The next morning, Landric found the mystic’s shop which was an old rickety building in need of considerable repair. As he entered the dusty shop that smelled of mold, he saw an elderly woman with a large nose and frizzy, grayed hair that went down to her waist. Her face looked as if it were badly burned. She wore a frayed dress with open toed shoes which probably once were closed. Upon her notice of him she practically jumped out of her chair. 

“Good day, young man. Is there something I can help you find?” 

Landric raised a finger and opened his mouth, but before any words came out the old woman continued. 

“Love potion!” She shouted excitedly. Her smile revealed a few missing teeth and the ones she still had were yellowed. “That’s what you want. Isn’t it?”

“Not exactly.” Said Landric.

“Oh, then how about a good luck charm? You look like you could use one.”

Landric did feel he could use some good luck for a change, but he had a feeling that everything in the shop was just worthless trinkets. “No. I need some-”

“Cougren repellent musk?” Interrupted the old woman. 

Landric put his hand on his chin and gave it serious consideration. He checked his coin pouch even though he knew it was empty. As he looked up with intention to negotiate some sort of trade he noticed the woman wasn’t standing in front of him anymore. He scanned the room. A lot of junk sticks tied together by silken thread. He saw numerous colored potions in various shaped vials were lined up neatly on shelves. He peered over the counter when the old woman somehow found the energy to spring up in front of him.

“Don’t you come any further, I’m on to your game.” Said the woman with a snarl. She had her hands full of junk from the floor.

Landric’s first notion was to check behind him, but no one was there. “Are you alright?” He asked calmly.

“What magic do you possess?” The old woman was frantically searching for something in the pile of items in her hands. Parchments, empty vials, and other oddities were discarded to the floor from whence they came.

“I carry no such items. I’m a humble hunter seeking answers.”

“You lie.” Shouted the woman. She found something, dropped everything else and pointed the object at Landric. “I am extremely sensitive to magic and you have something of terrible power.” 

In her right hand she held a wooden stick with a glass ball at the tip. “This wand has been in my family for many generations and it will protect me against any kind of magic energies so you might as well leave me be.” She carefully waved the wand in circles and then she waved it from above her head to the floor. In a flash a semi-transparent wall appeared before her. Landric was speechless. He curiously ran his fingers over the wall. It really felt like something solid was there. He backed away to get it all in view to admire it properly when suddenly it shattered to the floor. 

The woman fell on her back and pleaded. “Take whatever you want. Please don’t hurt me.”

Landric had no idea what was going on and thought it might be best if he left when suddenly the woman shrieked. He looked over the counter and saw the wolf licking the woman’s face. She faced the animal with a look of disbelief and managed to catch her breath. “It’s - It was you all along!”

“I believe there is a person trapped in this wolf form.” Said Landric apologetically “That’s what I wanted to ask you about.

The woman’s breathing became erratic. “I have not felt this kind of magic power since I was young. When the red dragons attacked my village. The brood mother breath burned me and I was nearly trampled. I’ll never forget the feeling of terror and all that magic energy. The elders said she was one of Eris’s first born. But this, this feels even more powerful than that day.”

Landric knelt beside her. “Who is Eris?” 

“One of the Ancients. One who was given duties to look over mankind after the Old Gods left. You may know her as Ruby.”

“Are you implying this trapped person is as powerful as an Elder Dragon?”

“No you daft fool. I’m telling you she is an Elder Dragon.”

Landric swallowed hard. He slowly turned his head towards the wolf to get some sort of negative response. The animal just sat there and stared into his eyes until she suddenly vanished.

The woman struggled to breathe. “Take— take it away. It’s unbearable.”

The hunter stood up and took a deep breath. “Wolf, dragon, whoever you are. With all due respect, would you please leave us for a moment. This woman may have vital information that can help you, but right now you seem to be causing her terrible distress. Please leave us.”

He knelt beside the woman, helped her to her chair and pulled one up to sit beside her. She was sweating, her breaths were shallow and rapid. He stayed with her for a few minutes until her breathing slowed and she began to relax. 

“It is gone.” Said the woman with relief. She then scowled at Landric. “For all you know, that may be Eris herself. You should kill that thing while it is in that form. But far away from here. The magic released by the deathblow will surly kill you and everything else in the area.”

“What kind of magic could turn an Elder Dragon to a wolf?”

“There is no magic more powerful than that of an Ancient.”

“How then, do you suppose this happened?”

The woman sat silently in her chair. Landric too needed a few moments to reflect on the situation he now found himself. He contemplated helping the dragon even if there have been rumors of dragons turning on humanity over the years. He never felt an ounce of malice from this creature. She couldn’t possibly be the red dragon, Eris. 

The shopkeeper cleared her throat. “The only possibility I can conceive is a certain pervasion of magic and what some might call science. There was a man who came to this land not long ago who is very close to King Prian. He spends most of his time in the castle though. They call him an Arcanist or an Elk-chemist or some nonsense like that. Perhaps he has found a power that surpasses that of the Ancient as unlikely as that may be.”

“If that is the case then, maybe he can reverse what happened to the dragon?”

“If you still insist on helping that wretched thing then remove yourself from my shop at once.”

“Very well.” Said Landric with a sigh. “You have given me what I came for and I thank you for that.”

Landric’s speech comprehension finally caught up with him. “Hold on, I thought you used alchemy to make your potions?”

“I do nothing of the sort. I use a subtle magic that has been practiced in my family for generations. And I use a lot of water and something we call food coloring. Now get out!”

* * *

With wide eyes and slack jaw, Alvar viewed the landscape as he and Valerie rode down the south face of the Mirrored Peaks. Under the dusky, orange sky were seemingly endless lush forests, rolling hills, and shimmering lakes. Never before had he left his arctic home on the barren tundra at the top of the world. His eyes were used to the snow draped hills and mountains surrounding Bleik, with the only exception brought forth by the brief summer season that turned his world brown. He had heard things looked different south of the mountains, but never imagined he would see such a beautiful land. 

“We are now entering the domain of King Prian.” Announced Valerie. “His land is vast and his reach extends far. It will be a few more days before we reach our destination.”

They had traveled with only a few brief stops since sunrise, which in Bleik, was around two bells this time of year. He could no longer ignore his aching backside due to the long ride. Valerie had never complained once during the entire day. She had pushed him hard and he would try his best not to show weariness. She was indeed a strong woman and he decided that he would never give her the impression of weakness.

Valerie slowed her pace and rode beside Alvar. He straightened himself up from a slouch and caught her eye. At first without expression, a smile soon crept up her face. “Another hour and we’ll arrive at Lorolt. We will rest there for the night.”

Alvar was elated. He was beginning to think they were going to ride at this rushed pace for the entire journey. His joy was difficult to hide, but he managed to keep a straight face for her.

“Oh,” He cringed at the sound of his own excited voice. He cleared his throat and continued in his normal tone. “I suppose we should stop for the night.” 

“Right, just keep in mind the red dragons which roam these lands are nocturnal hunters.”

“Are they like Argus?”

“Not at all. They are vile creatures who have turned on humanity.” Valerie’s eyes narrowed and her voice sank. “They are the children of Eris. Only the Elder Dragons are capable of speaking with us, but that doesn’t mean their children aren’t intelligent. They have their own tongue and are fully capable of communicating with one another. I’ve heard rumors of a rather large one destroying villages in the area of late.”

“What should we do if we encounter one?”

“Run into the woods, find a narrow cave, or dive into water. No one should ever engage a mature dragon unless they desire death.”

“I see.” Alvar’s thoughts returned to his pain. Eighteen hours so far that day, he figured he could easily endure one more. Or so he thought. An awful scent hit him like a punch to the face. With the sleeve of his shirt firmly over his nose he tried to figure out where it was coming from. There were no other animals around and Valerie was riding in front of him. It became overwhelming. Every breath he took gave him an idea of the flavor of the offending odors. He gagged. Could it be coming from his perfect angel? He choked on every breath.

Valerie peeked at him from around her shoulder. “Alvar, are you okay?”

He wiped the tears from his eyes. It seemed the odor had cleared. “I’m fine, couldn’t be better.” 

She gave him a nod and faced forward again. A few minutes later, the malicious odor returned. He tried holding his breath. He was at a complete loss as to how it could possibly be any worse than before. No human could create such a stench. Could they? It had to be the jonyx. Nearly suffocating, he had to draw breath. He gagged again and held his head over the side of his mount. 

Alvar quickened his pace and rode beside Valerie. He smiled at her with reddened teary eyes. “I think I shall ride beside you for the remainder of the day’s journey.”

“That’s a good idea. I keep hearing swooshing sounds like Kadi here, has gas. I don’t know what’s wrong with the poor thing, but her flatulence has caused the loss of many meals. It’s not her fault. Right girl?” She patted the large cat on the neck. 

Thank the gods, it was just the jonyx. Alvar’s mind was at ease.

The sun had disappeared beyond the horizon when they arrived at Lorolt. As they passed through the gate, Alvar took note of a large stone building in the back with a few homes and an expansive courtyard all surrounded by a wide wall. A child drank from a well, while a few men stacked wood. He noticed various siege weapons scattered along the walls. “More of a war camp than a village.” he said. 

“You need to be set up like a war camp if you’re living on the edge of Prian’s territory.” Said Valerie. “Relations have always been rocky between Myalune and the Six Cities. A border camp like this would be the first target if ever there were a break in peace. 

A few children noticed the jonyx and looked as if they wanted to pet them. “Be careful, they bite.” Valerie pulled the reins and the beast roared. The children screamed and hid. 

Alvar rode beside her. “Are you sure about that?”

“No, but I enjoy scaring them when I have the chance.” Valerie’s smirk vanished. “Don’t look at me like that. We don’t have time for them nor can I guarantee the safety of numerous children prodding our jonyxes.”

“I suppose, but you don’t have to enjoy it so much.” 

They stabled their mounts and entered the stone structure at the far end.  A large, round man sat behind a small counter in the tidy room. Valerie handed him a few silver coins and he directed them to their accommodations. To Alvar’s disappointment, they stayed in separate rooms. 

Alvar, finally able to close his heavy eyelids, let the day’s long journey melt away. Blissful sleep was about to carry him away when he felt a powerful tremor, rapid clanks of an alarm bell, and a fearsome roar of a great beast. The boy arose, shifted his feet off the bed, and had a quick chuckle at his own rotten luck. Of course it would happen tonight. With Aurelius in hand, he was overcome with a sense of excitement. He left his room in search of Valerie and danger. One had to be near the other, he figured. 

Women and children lead by soldiers darted by, leaving Alvar to the conclusion that he should go in the opposite direction. Eventually he found himself inside the ramparts and followed the passage around until he saw Valerie and a soldier arguing near a new gaping breach. He climbed over the rubble and placed his back up against the wall near them.

“For the last time, ladies should not be here, you need to take shelter immediately.” Exclaimed the soldier.

Valerie punched the uniformed man in the nose. “I am not a lady!”

The man wiped the blood from his face and raised a hand defensively. “I believe you. You can stay!”

Valerie then turned her attention towards the boy. “Alvar, don’t move a muscle. We all need to remain here until the men get that dragon out of the sky. This thing looks big enough to be from Eris’ first brood. Nothing less than the full force of soldiers with their siege weapons could fell a dragon of that size. My father, Clive Griffon was a great man yet, even he could not slay an Ancient alone.”

“He faced an Elder alone? Amazing, he must have been a complete fool.” Said the soldier. Valerie acknowledged the man with a kidney shot, which forced him to double over in pain.

“Good one.” The soldier struggled to his feet.

“He bravely confronted the mother of all red dragons in an attempt to prevent a catastrophe like this from happening again. My father faced what no other man had before and he did so alone. Show some respect!”

Alvar peeked around the breech, but only saw the outline of the fortress walls, the dancing flames of the braziers and the blackness of the night sky. An occasional fiery glow of the dragon’s breath confirmed the impressive size of the creature. He could make out the silhouettes of men firing what looked to be giant wooden crossbows scattered along the top of the parapets. Alvar took notice of a lone man on the tall tower who would shout a command prompting the rest to fire the Siege weapons. He guessed the dragon was such a difficult target to hit, they would have to fire in unison in hopes one would make contact. The soldier beside him fired his personal crossbow into the sky. He would have fired a second time if not for Valerie suddenly shoving his head resulting in the bolt flying far off target.

“Can’t you see that your puny bolts only ricochet off the dragons scales? You couldn’t even penetrate its thick leathery wings with those things. Just wait until the men that know what they’re doing get it grounded.” 

On top of the opposite wall, they witnessed a ball of fire engulf a siege weapon. Then silence, save the low thud of enormous beating wings in the sky. Another ball of fire hit near a group of men on the other side of the wall. They watched as the dragon swooped in and burned one ballista after another. Alvar considered the consequences of losing all the siege weapons and concluded that when the dragon no longer needed to worry of dodging bolts, it would surely burn the entire outpost to the ground. He looked down at the golden staff in his hand and filled his mind with images of the vile thing burning innocent men, women and children alive. The runes on the staff began to glow a soft orange light.

Alvar ran out into the courtyard oblivious to Valerie’s shouts. Aurelius was aflame in his hand when he held it overhead. The Mage’s body appeared to be burning when a pillar of flame shot straight up into the sky some twenty feet above. He continued that display until the dragon hovered above him, entranced by the spectacle of dancing flames and the trails of sparks. The powerful draft created by the dragon’s pumping wings soon blew the fire out. 

A man shouted a command, then multiple iron bolts rained down upon the dragon. Its scales fractured and wings were pierced. The dragon roared and tumbled to the ground. The force of the impact caused Alvar to lose his balance. The giant beast was soon up on all fours in front of him. He could see clearly the dragons blood red scales, its massive horned head and the rows of razor sharp teeth. It turned to the offending ballista, took in an enormous breath and burned them to ashes with white-hot fire. The soldiers leapt off of the wall moments before the deadly breath engulfed them.

A few score of men stormed the courtyard with raised weapons. They had to move quickly to avoid the dragon’s wide sweeping breath. A few soldiers at the dragon’s feet tried futilely to cut it down at its legs, but their swords only left notches in its rock-hard scales. The dragon took notice of them and as it turned, slammed the soldiers into the walls by the flick of its mighty tail. A group of men were about to fire another ballista when it was smashed to pieces by the dragon’s fireball.

The monster once again took notice of Alvar. As it drew in a large breath, a bright light emitted from its huge maw while filling with flame. Those who remained watched in horror as the boy was engulfed in its deadly breath. A few soldiers worked frantically to adjust a catapult for short range fire. Steam billowed forth from within the flames. As the ice around him melted away, Alvar pointed his staff at the dragon’s head, and shot a stream of water with the force of a mighty current. The dragon was forced to swallow the liquid. The beast choked as the fire within its belly was extinguished. A boulder fired by a nearby catapult made contact with the monster’s head. The dragon wailed and flailed violently until it collapsed to the ground. All went silent. The creature’s limbs twitched every few seconds.

An eruption of cheers ensued. A group of men crowded around the felled beast while others tended to the injured. Alvar returned to Valerie in the wall with a satisfied smile on his face. The soldier who spoke with them earlier gave him a suspicious glare, then ran to assist the others. 

Valerie crossed her arms and shot a cold stare at Alvar. “Why did I agree to escort you around when your only concern is getting yourself killed? Not just that, but you openly displayed your power to these people. We should leave before they burn you at the stake!”

After saving the fortress, Alvar figured they wouldn’t do anything drastic to him. Maybe. He knew Valerie wouldn’t approve of what he did, but he just wanted to do what was right. Next time he would come up with a plan together as to not worry her. 

As Alvar and Valerie approached, men had thrown chains over the dragon. The two made sure to keep a safe distance in case the thing had more fight left in it. A soldier with a large ax prodded it with the shaft of his weapon. He began at the belly until he stuck the beast in its neck and saw a stream of violet blood spill from the small wound. “This is it.” Shouted the axe man. “Pull it back.” Three men pulled the chains at the dragon’s head which would allow the axe man a clean strike at the supple flesh of its neck.’

As she walked, Valerie’s boot came in contact with a large iron shield left behind by one of the luckless soldiers. She stopped and stared at it, apparently lost in her thoughts. 

Valerie turned to Alvar. “I’ve heard of men who have killed small dragon Whelps. A burst of magic energy escapes and the one who delivers the final blow usually ends up on his backside.” Her voice began to tremble and she looked again at her feet. “What would happen if the dragon was fully grown?” She took the shield in hand.

The axe man raised his weapon and just as it was coming down to be driven deep into the beast’s flesh, Valerie slammed the shield into the ground, grabbed Alvar by the arm and huddled behind it in a line.

Rays of light emitted from the wound. A blinding flash followed and then a deafening blast, like that of a nearby lightning strike. In an instant, the axe man turned to dust, the soldiers that held the chains were thrown far over the walls. The shock-wave blasted Alvar and Valerie through the rift in the parapet. 

Alvar’s flight had ended upon contact with the base of a large tree. The last things he remembered were how his eyes burned from the light, the intense pain in his back, and finally, the relief of unconsciousness.

* * *

King Prian strolled out the castle gates surrounded by his elite guardsmen. The eight faceless men wore black plate armor from head to toe. The shape of their horned, full-helmets gave them the appearance of demons from the underworld, which is where most folk feared they had originated. Each of them carried a weapon, unique to each man; all masters of their arms. The four men in lead carried a great sword, battle ax, battle hammer, long sword and shield. Those behind the king wielded spear, halberd, flail and the last, like death himself, carried a wicked scythe made for battle. Prian, who figured his mind was much too occupied with more important matters than memorizing the names of those men would refer to each knight by his weapon. He didn’t care who or what they were, as long as his gold retained their loyalty.

The black knights led Prian to his closed and elaborately decorated carriage, then each climbed atop their armored warhorses and escorted him in a similar formation as on foot. Prian opened his curtains a crack, splayed himself out onto the padded seat and dove into one of many books he had brought for the long journey to Felgor Canyon, the land Eris called home.

The journey went smoothly with only one bump, rather, one incident, when the carriage had stopped near the end of the king’s territory. Prian heard excited voices of strange men outside his window. He didn’t pay it much attention, some nonsense about an uprising and demands for his head. All that shouting bothered the king as it distracted him from his reading, yet he soldiered on through the pages. While the ring of clashing weapons and screams of agony came from outside, Prian embraced his favorite book. It was a tale of a lonely prince with no friends, cruel parents, and ungrateful commoners. Eventually this prince became the most revered and powerful king in the land. He was sure it was the very best book he had ever forced someone to write for him. After some time, the commotion outside died down, allowing the journey to continue once more.

When he neared his destination, Eris had invaded Prian’s mind. The mere thought of the Elder Dragon quickened his pulse. His choice of words with her would be critical. Eris’ contempt for humanity worried him most. She would betray him at some point, he just needed to make sure it wouldn’t be until he got what he desired first. How he yearned to control her by force, though he would not underestimate the might of one of the Ancients. His armies, even his black knights would be flattened in mere minutes by the god-like dragon. However Prian had near unlimited resources and connections at hand. He would have to find a way to keep her under his thumb, his life depended on it.

All of that time spent in thoughtful contemplation just wasn’t enough, when he noticed his arrival at the dragon’s lair. He didn’t want to leave the carriage, while at the same time, desired to get the meeting done and over with. The door opened and he stepped out to a view of the wide open landscape far below him. The vista was that of orange and red rocks sculpted by time, streaked like brush-strokes of a painting, blending in with the sunset on the horizon. Whenever he visited the dragon, Prian felt as though he had traveled to another world.

Once a bustling, uncontested land which served as a crossroads for merchants, travelers, and those seeking audience with Eris, Felgor Canyon had become a desolate tribute to death. Many legends were birthed of why the Elder Dragons should never be trifled with. The tales are of a prominent city of humans under Eris’s direct protection came to a fiery end, when the leaders decided they no longer needed nor pay tribute to the red dragon.

The opening of the cave appeared menacing. Rows of stalactites and stalagmites made the lair look like a giant beast’s maw, ready to consume him. The eight black knights had to stay outside. Not that Eris feared them; she would just rather not be disturbed by those who mattered little to her.

Prian dusted off his black, silk shirt, despite the fact that his clothes were clean. He took a torch from a guard, snapped up his posture, and walked into that cave like he owned the place. Of course, when he broke line of sight with his men, he hunched low, and trod warily. With his life going acceptably well at that point, he wasn’t all too fond of being so close to death. He would try his best not to offend the deadly dragon.

“Prian.” A booming, raspy voice came from within the blackness.

The King of Myalune would never admit to anyone of the temporary loss of bladder control he experienced at that moment. Relieved of at least one kind of pressure, he was glad the darkness of the cavern concealed his dampness.

“Greetings, Ruby. How good it is to see you again.” Which wasn’t true in any sense, as their meetings were never good, and she would never let him get a decent look at her from within the darkness. He inched forward and saw a large shimmering form before him, which appeared to fill in the entire cavern.

“Hold, human king.”

He obeyed, although he didn’t care for her tone when calling him by his title. It reminded him of his own voice while addressing groveling commoners.

“You intrude and disturb me for a favor.”

“Yes, well-”

“Before you ask, tell me; has the emerald dragon come for you?”

“No, it hasn’t.” Prian figured that lie was necessary for his continued life. If he had any leverage at all with Ruby, it had to be the threat of another dragon out there that seemed to concern her greatly.

“Her response is much slower than I had anticipated. Know that she will come for you, suddenly and without mercy.”

“You have warned me prior and I haven’t forgotten.”

“Oh, you have managed to retain a piece of information, how impressive for you.” Eris said without the slightest sincerity.

Prian remained silent, despite a raging storm brewing inside of him.

 “What is it you want?” The dragon snapped.

“My alchemist successfully created a concoction from the scale you bestowed upon me.”

“Oh? Tell me, did it work as planned?”

“As a matter of fact, it did not. There may have been a miscalculation as I’ve been told it has killed everyone in the small fishing village where it was tested.”

“Then it has worked as it should.” Eris chuckled.

“I do not appreciate your deceptive intentions.” Prian said harshly. “You’ve informed me that it would put them to sleep if mixed correctly.

“And it has.” Eris growled. “A slumber from which there is no waking.”

There was a long silence as Prian considered his options.

“Speak, little man.”  This sounded to be an invitation to his demise.

Prian sighed in defeat. “I will need to procure more scales if I am to have enough poison to fell the Six Cities.”

“Excellent.” Eris Sang. “You shall have your scales.”

Prian heard footfalls, then cracking sounds followed by low growls. A red claw as wide as Prian was tall pushed a pile of scales into view, each large and durable enough to be used as shields. They sparkled like a river under a sunset. “Your minions are allowed in far enough to retrieve the scales, any further and they will be roasted alive.”

Prian summoned his men who quickly ran in and each took a scale with them. As the last knight exited the cavern and Prian was about to escape the darkness, he heard his name once more.

“Enjoy your rule while you can.”

The knights had just finished strapping the scales to the roof of the carriage when the unnerved king had stepped inside. As soon as the door closed, he threw himself down onto the large comfy seat, closed the curtains and buried his face in his hands. He thought of his numerous and burdensome responsibilities. Not only did he have to sacrifice his time and risk his life ensuring the safety of his Kingdom, he would soon have the Festival of Flame to oversee. Things were so bad that he couldn't even fathom why anyone would want to be king.

* * *

Landric sat on the edge of a lonely pier, with closed eyes he took in deep breaths of the salty sea air in an attempt to meditate. For a time, he listened to the cries of the gulls and the light crashes of waves on the rocks. He was calm and could think clearly, but no matter how he tried, he couldn’t figure out what to do next. His train of thought was suddenly derailed by the shouts of dock workers who went about their daily routine on a nearby pier. Men loaded up various containers, a man would direct the others while a few guards made sure no theft or illicit trade occurred. How convenient, thought the hunter, illicit trade meaning something that didn’t profit the king. He yearned to sneak on one of the boats and be taken far away from his troubles, though; he suspected they would only follow him.

A workers’ grip had failed him, and the large burlap sack he carried slipped out of his grasp. The bag hit the dock and spices spewed out of it. The man had given orders previously, stomped to the scene, and shouted angrily for a moment, then had the man clean up and they resumed their business. “What a concept.” Said Landric to himself. “If these men make a mistake, it only creates a small mess; however one wrong decision I make may have earthshattering consequences.”

The hunter felt a small nudge on his side. He saw nothing and knew it was fate pushing him ever forward. The problem was, he didn’t have much forward momentum left in him, and would otherwise be quite content there, enjoying the cool sea breeze, if not for the constant struggle to remain upright. The pushing he felt on his side was relentless, and eventually he came to the conclusion that for whatever inconceivable reason, he was destined for greatness or maybe just great pain. He made his decision. He would try to undo a terrible deed someone felt necessary inflict upon this creature, and restore a god-like dragon to its former glory.

Landric rose to his feet. He needed to find that alchemist the old woman spoke of. Someone that he had no idea looked like, no name for, and only an occupation to go by. Already the urge to quit was upon him, until he thought of someone else he hadn’t a name for. The hunter noted the time, and then went about his business with his final destination of the day being the East Gate.

When the cool night air rolled in and was joined by the sounds of crickets and frogs, the guard which Landric yet had a name for was found at his post. Landric went to greet him, but the guard saw the hunter approach and beat him to it.

“Evening, Landric.” Said the guard enthusiastically.

“Hey, you.” Said the hunter uneasily. “May I have a moment of your time?”

“Of course, your company’s always welcome.”

“Would you happen to know anything about a man who came to this land recently? I’ve heard him called an alchemist.”

“Oh sure. I mean, we don’t know much about him. A couple of our guys are supposed to keep watch over him at all times. An important person, Dale I think his name was.”

“Dale.” Landric echoed. “You know, I’ve always liked that name. I’ll bet as a child he never heard anything bad about that name. When I was young, many of the other children would single me out and say mean things about my name or appearance.”

The guard nodded. “Children can be cruel, for sure.”

Landric cleared his throat. “Did anyone say anything about your name? Maybe it rhymed with something crude or it was shared with an unflattering person or place?””

“Nope, never had a problem with that. Then again, people of all ages tend not to start trouble with those much bigger than they are, if you get my meaning.””

“I see.” The hunter turned away momentarily to whisper a curse.

“Something wrong?”

“Thought I had a sneeze coming. So, about this alchemist, you said someone must always watch him?”

“Right you are.”

“That sounds a little intrusive. Does the man get any privacy at all?”

“I don’t think he likes it either.” He chuckled. “Once, he created a ruckus when no one could find him, he just suddenly disappeared.” The guard leaned in toward Landric and whispered. “Turns out, he snuck out through some old secret passage connected to his lab.”

“Interesting. Where did they find him?”

“He was just sitting in the garden by himself. They said he apologized, and told them he just wanted to be outside by himself. King Prian was furious, and now a man has to stand watch in the garden anytime Dale is working.” The man gave Landric more than enough information to go on. He thanked the guardsman and hurried away.

It was nearly dawn when Landric arrived at the castle’s seaside facing garden. Most of it was walled off, except the north side to allow an open view of the ocean. A tall iron gate was quickly conquered as Landric climbed over it and dropped in. He nestled in between the stone wall and a row of tall shrubbery, pulled his cowl over his head and waited patiently.

Only an hour later, a clank of the Iron Gate alerted Landric that he was no longer alone. A uniformed man passed in front of the hunter and proceeded through the trail deeper into the garden. Landric shadowed the man through the shrubs, passed by a few small ponds with exotic fish, and little waterfalls, until they reached an opening with a statue in the center of the garden. The guard scanned the area, then plopped himself down on a bench. Landric watched the man’s movements, or lack thereof, for hours. The guard took a short stroll around the statue a couple of times, but would always end up on the bench, staring forward.

Finally the guard left his seat and exited out the Iron Gate. Landric doubled back to the statue and took a look around to find nothing obviously out of place. He tried pushing the statue, pulling its arms and even clapped at it but nothing happened. So he sat on the guard’s favorite bench to think. The statue was fashioned in the likeness of one of the old gods. It was the typical sort of god-statue; nude, muscular, beautiful or all those attributes put together. This particular god was a nude woman holding a long drape of some kind in one hand while the other hand was covering her lower region, like she was worried someone might be looking at her there. Seemed weird for a goddess to be self-conscious, he thought. Landric zeroed in on that region, fully aware if caught he would look like a creep on top of being locked up. He noticed a small gap between the wrist and hand, and pushed and pulled the hand until if flipped upward to reveal more than the hunter had expected. There was a click sound and the floor suddenly dropped out from under him.

The cool stone floor greeted him sooner than he anticipated, leaving him dazed and staring at a ladder leading back up from whence he fell. The dark, musty corridor he found himself must have been the secret path the alchemist used to sneak away. A nearby thump and disturbed dust let him know Kaia was with him. 

He took a torch off its bracket on the wall and lit it with a few strikes of his flint. The hunter climbed the ladder, shut the trap door, and then went on to explore. The passages were more complex than he thought as he ran into multiple forks, which forced him down random paths. He reached a dead-end with a little light shining through the wall. He heard the voices of women, and peered through the small openings to find a room filled with young, beautiful, scantily clad girls lounging around in a heavily decorated room with no shortage of silk, pillows, or oversized beds.

“Wasn’t Prian going to come down here tonight?” A woman asked while she ran a brush through her long, blonde hair.

“Eww!” A red haired vixen exclaimed. “Do you actually want him down here?”

“Are you daft? I just want to know so I may prepare myself mentally. You know the man repulses me to no end.”

A third beauty chimed in. “Well, I wouldn’t mind if I could just tell if he was even in or not.”

“At least it’s over quickly, maybe five minutes at most.” The blonde chuckled.

The red haired girl scoffed. “I for one would just be happy if he’d leave the damn donkey out of it.”

It was at that exact moment Landric knew he should continue his search for the lab. He backtracked to one of the corridors he hadn’t yet explored, and ended up at another wall that wasn’t made of stone. Before him was some sort of parchment, which appeared to glow from the light of another room. He went closer and then heard a man’s voice.

“About the preparations for Festival sire-”

“Not now. I’ve done quite enough work today. It wasn’t easy putting an elder dragon in her place, but I did and she will cooperate with us. Now if you don’t mind, I’m weary from my long journey and my beauties are eagerly awaiting my company tonight. I must be off.”

“Of course, shall I have someone deliver your favorite donkey to your room?”

“That goes without saying, and don’t bother with the saddle this time; it only gets in the way.”

“It will be done, sire.”

It was time for the hunter to try another corridor. The one he chose next had a flight of stairs which lead up to the main level and then to a flat wooden wall. There was a latch on the wall and Landric listened for voices before he pulled it. He heard whirs of gears and cranking sounds as the wooden object blocking his path slid to the side. He entered the room and turned back to see what the blockage was to find it was a bookshelf with a sign on the side that said “Do not pull the large red book.” As he paused to consider the massage, the shelf moved on its own to block the passage.

The room was large, bookshelves lined up the walls, a cauldron in a fire pit, vials, mortars and pestles. In one corner various barrels and crates were lined and in another were metals some of which looked to be precious. The hunter looked above to see a round dome ceiling that lit the room with the fading daylight.

He pushed some barrels away from the wall grabbed a burlap sack of some kind of herb and ducked in the corner. He figured he would be there for a long while, so he leaned back against the sack and munched on some stale leftover bread from his satchel, took a swig from his water skin and waited.

Daylight had just broken through the ceiling when Landric awoke suddenly from the creak of a door.     In came a short, scraggly bearded young man followed by a couple of large uniformed men holding a few wide but flat objects. Without a word the two men placed the objects by the cauldron in the back of the room and then exited the room. 

The small blond man closed the door behind him, approached the large wooden table in the center of the room and began to read. He lit the fire, heaved one of the large objects left by the guards into the cauldron, and then walked over to the barrels barely concealing the hunter.

Landric knew it was time to act, so he sprung up suddenly with bow and arrow drawn ready to fire on the unsuspecting man. Dale jumped but held his position quietly, and unfortunately Landric couldn’t find the words necessary at the time. It just didn’t feel right for him to aim his weapon at another person.

Finally Dale broke the silence. “Hi!” He said in a cheery tone.

“Don’t even think about it.” Landric was dead serious, about what, even he didn’t know. At the very least he had to sound stern.

“Sure, um, I just need to know what not to think about.” He looked down and fiddled with his sleeves.

“I’m a master marksman, and if you move or try anything weird, this arrow will find its way through your heart.” As soon as the words left his mouth, he felt stupid for mentioning his skill with a bow, since at his current range any fool with a bow could strike a mortal blow.

“Fair enough.”

Landric's thoughts were filled with the severity of the situation like he never thought of the consequences prior to that moment, and then had the desperate feeling of wanting to turn back time so he could just stay home. Flustered, he forgot why he was there, but figured he needed to ask questions until he collected his thoughts. So his curiosity took over. “When you first came in here; what did you dump in that pot over there?” The bowman motioned to the caldron.

“A scale form an Elder Dragon, I’m told.”

“I see.” Landric tried to deepen and rough up his soft voice to give the impression of being tough through his uncertainty. “What are you going to do with it?”

“I will melt it down and add a few key components to concoct a potent poison capable of taking the lives of tens of thousands of people.”

Landric nodded his head slowly. “So by killing you, I might save the lives of so many people?”

He put his hand to his chin. “Yes... and no.” My own purpose here is to create a sort of panacea that once discovered, would save the lives of countless people for centuries to come.”

“Why then are you planning to kill people?”

“King Prian forces me to make the vile liquid to kill everyone in Six Cities.”” Dale fell into a chair in front of the table. “It is so frustrating to see with any new discovery; the first question will always be the same. Can it be used as a weapon?”

“So you’ve discovered this?”

“Not this one, Prian had been in talks with the Elder Dragon Ruby, and she gave him instructions on what was needed to make it.”

“That doesn’t make any sense. Why would an Elder Dragon supposedly tasked with watching over and guiding mankind, want to destroy them?”

“For all I know it could all be lies fabricated by the king. He only tells me she resents humanity. She even turned against her own kind, warning us that Jade would come for Prian and granted us the knowledge of shape shifting, though I made some alterations. She wanted the green dragon of fate to be turned into a newt, but I ended up changing her to a wolf.

“IT was you then!” Landric pulled the string back even tighter, his arms were shaking from fatigue and frustration. “Your have given me the biggest headache I’ve had in my entire life and now you’re going to fix it!”

“I don’t understand.”

“Show him, Kaia.” The monstrous wolf appeared before the hunter.

Dale rolled out of his chair. “Jade!”

“What?”

“I’m sorry, her true name is Kaia, but yes, she is the Dragon of Fate.” Dale made his way behind the large table as if to put distance between himself and the wolf.

The chamber door opened and a guard with a large scale walked in.

“Beg your pardon, sir, but we forgot one.” The man froze upon seeing the hunter with bow drawn and a large wolf in front of Dale.

“Who is this man?”

Dale faced the guard. “Um, someone I don’t know yet but I’m finding out now.”

“Is he going to shoot you?”

Dale’s eyes wondered around the room. “Uh, I don’t think so. Maybe.”

“Intruder!” The guard called down the corridor. He raised his shield and approached the hunter. It wasn’t long before the entire room was with guards.

Adrenalin welled up inside the hunter as he made for the bookshelf door in back and motioned for Kaia to stand beside him. “I’ve outrun a cougren; do you really think you could catch me?”

“Wait.” Dale cried.

The hunter pulled the large red book with the sign dangling from it. As he expected, it was chained to a device in the back and set in motion creaks and grinding sounds. What he didn’t expect was that particular book with the warning had been marked as such as it was a false lever that opened a trap door right where Landric and Kaia had been standing. They tumbled down wildly ending with a thud into a small confined room with three walls and a set of bars in front of them. The sound of the guards’ laughter above was cutoff when the trap door closed from above.

* * *

Dancing streams of smoke rose up from the shattered remains of Lorolt. Even though his head throbbed with pain, it didn’t take Alvar long to recollect what occurred right before he and Valerie were shot out of the ruined fort. 

“Are you alright, Alvar?” Valerie’s sweet voice seemed to dull the pain.

The boy shifted a little, and then stood up with help from his guide. “I believe so. Are you alright?”

“I’m fine. You softened the impact for me, remember?” She giggled.

Hearing her laughter warmed his heart. Since they reunited in Bleik, he had seldom seen her smile, let alone laugh. She was always so pretty when she smiled. He was lost in her magnetic sky blue eyes, becoming victim of her hypnosis and helplessly staring at her with a wide grin.

“Alvar?” She gave him a couple of light pats to his cheek. “Are you sure that tree didn’t knock something loose in your head?”

The spell had been broken. “I’m unharmed, maybe just a little sore.” There was more than just a little pain, but he knew he had to toughen up for her.

Valerie turned to what remained of the fort. “How many more innocent lives have to be lost before the other Elders take notice and put a stop to this?”

“Well, Argus did give me Aurelius and the Dragon Jewel.”

“That ancient lizard throws us a bone, and then expects us to do the work for him when all he needed to do was confront Eris himself. She would be compelled to obey him; he is the Master of Dragons isn’t he?”

“So I’m told.” Alvar stretched and tested each limb to see if it still worked.

“Eris is responsible for her brood. She has to be the root of all this evil. My father knew it and so do I. That’s why after we arrive at Myalune I will face her myself, just like father.”

“What was that? Didn’t you say something like no one should ever face any dragon alone?”

“Not to battle, I just want to talk to her. I will speak to her with a cool head and will persuade her to stop.”

Alvar didn’t like the way she gripped the hilt of her blade just then. “I wouldn’t feel right letting you go alone. Please wait until I locate this hero; perhaps he will have the power to change her.”

Valerie turned her back to Alvar and was silent for a time. 

“Valerie?”

“Alright, Alvar. I will wait.”

“Splendid!”

In the distance they heard a growl and saw movement. A caribou was fleeing one of the Jonyx. The hungry beast soon overcame its prey and earned a meal; its sister approached and was allowed to share the kill.

“They escaped the destruction.” Valerie said relieved. “At least we still have our mounts.” 

“Very good.” Alvar turned away from the animals. He had no interest in the spectacle of animals consuming one another, even though he understood the necessity for it.

“Did you see that Alvar? The gazelle’s natural instinct when faced with danger was to run away, something that may save your life one day if you’d give it a try.”

“I don’t see the point. It didn’t help that animal one bit to run; if anything it just sealed its own fate by setting off a chase instinct within the jonyx.

“Well, considering the jonyx is the fastest land animal, of course it hadn’t a chance.”

“I think we aren’t much different from that caribou in the face of a mature dragon, Elder or otherwise. If we run we will be killed so we might as well make a stand. I’m sure your father felt the same way when he went after Eris.”

Valerie smiled warmly and placed a hand on his shoulder. “You’re not as foolish as you look, Alvar.”

“I have my moments.” 

“Fear is what tells the rest of us when we may need to flee. You’ll just have to develop a reliable sense of tactical retreat.”

“I’ll do my best.”

They mounted the large cats and sped across the land southward, stopping once in the lake town of Trian to resupply and notify them to send help to Lorolt. They continued southeast, to avoid the Dead Marsh and crossed over the Eldred River. The trail ran between two towering obsidian rocks.

“These rocks are like the gate to Myalune, we’re almost there.” 

Three men jumped out from behind the rocks. Two in the front brandished short swords while the man in the back held a crossbow. All three of them were large and closely resembled one another.

“Hold right there.” The bowman said casually.

One of the swordsmen was taken aback. “Would you look at that Jonyx; they’ll be sure to fetch a high price!”

“The riders I think don’t look valuable.” The third man said. “We should just kill them.” 

“Maybe not the boy, brother, but a pretty young woman always has value.” The man chuckled.

“Is that so?” Valerie dismounted and dropped her sword on the ground. She opened and threw back her large black cloak revealing her naked chainmail.

The bowman wore a confused expression. “A sword and armor? Did your parents forget to tell you that you’re a girl and belong in an apron in a man’s home?

“Or a brothel.” His brother added with a smile.

Although he could have never imagined harming a person before, Alvar had fantasies of blasting the men away into a fiery oblivion. Besides the obvious insult directed at Valerie, he hated the preconceived image people expected others to uphold only because of the gender they were born into. The boy remembered the taunting not only from his friends but his father as well, simply because he would rather stay in the village to help his mother than go out hunting. He was sure Valerie felt the same way. She trained for combat with her father instead of just devoting herself to a man.

 “As you can see I have little of value to take.” 

“I don’t believe you.” The man sniggered. “Remove that light armor of yours and give me a nice slow turn and then come a little closer. Only then will I be satisfied that you have nothing for me to take.” 

Valerie pulled her armor overhead which bunched up her undershirt to just below her chest. She dropped her chainmail and didn’t pull her top down. She slowly turned in a complete circle giving even Alvar a glimpse of what was on display. The view of the landscape below the Mirrored Peaks couldn’t compare to what he was witnessing. There was no doubt about Valerie; his childhood friend was indeed a full-grown woman. Her turn was brief but it was enough time for him to burn some details into his curious mind. The alluring imagery quickly consumed all of his thoughts and simple cognitive operations such as balance was no longer possible. Alvar, with unending smile, simply rolled off his mount. His face was the first to greet the ground.

Valerie approached the outlaws while leaning forward. The boy was impressed of how she kept abreast of the situation. She closed in on the man, gently placed her hands on his shoulders thereby giving her the proper leverage to put her knee into the bandit’s groin with maximum force. 

As the man dropped to his knees, Valerie took hold of him and spun him around on the way down so both of them were facing the other two men. She unsheathed a knife that was tied to her boot and put it to the man’s throat. “Drop your weapons and kick them over here unless you want your brothers’ neck to enjoy a pleasant breeze.” 

Valerie didn’t react at all to the deadly glare the men shot her. Their weapons fell to the ground and were kicked away upon her command. She then asked Alvar to collect their weapons. By that time Alvar’s head was clear enough to follow such an order; he promptly picked up the men’s arms and backed away. Valerie took one of the blades from Alvar then kicked her hostage forward sending the man tumbling to the dirt. 

“When next we meet, you two are dead!” The man cursed as he regained his footing and scurried off.

“That’s right; you just look forward to that.” Valerie waved them goodbye.

She turned toward Alvar and examined the sword in her hand. “I suppose we might get something for this. Let me see the other blade, Alvar.” 

The woman turned it in her hand, looked down the blade like a crossbow sight. “Anything will be better than nothing. Now let’s see the crossbow.” As she checked for faults she smiled. “Not bad. Good quality wood and craftsmanship. I’m keeping this one.”

It was about that time she noticed Alvar who had been politely looking away. She looked down at herself, fixed her shirt, picked up her armor and slid it back on. “Sorry, Alvar.”

“No, no.” Alvar said in an appreciative tone. “But why did you expose yourself like that? I mean, not like that but—”

“I don’t have to explain myself to you.” This was followed by an awkward silence. “Look, most men want one thing from a woman, and if that’s all they want then I have no trouble taking advantage of them. As you’ve just witnessed, it saved us some trouble.”

“You didn’t have to do it, you know. They may have just run away from a simple display of my magic.”

Valerie gave him stern look. “Or they might have killed you that much quicker. An entire kingdom was lost at the hands of a Draconic Mage like yourself; don’t think that people won’t try to wipe you from existence given the chance.” She left him with his thoughts as she collected their mounts.

This new responsibility weighed heavily on the boy. To hide his power and not repeat the mistakes of a predecessor may prove more difficult than he originally imagined. Doubts entered his mind, but there must have been a good reason Argus chose him for such a task. No matter how he ran it through his head, no answers came to him as to why this dragon didn’t just go out and rectify the situation himself. 

They continued along the coastline heading south until it led them eastward as they were nearing Myalune. Valerie informed the boy that its name was the Endless Sea; which Alvar believed to be literal. Alvar learned that it earned its name from early settlers who hadn’t developed the seafaring skills to travel long distances through the wide blue yonder. It was discovered eventually that there was in fact more land to be found and the people living over there were not as backward as the folk who lived on Myalune’s side thought.

It was dusk by the time they were allowed through Myalune’s East Gate. Alvar couldn’t see much in the darkness of the encroaching nightfall, but he did make out shapes of more structures in one general area than he had seen over his entire life. 

“This is amazing!” He witnessed a man dart through the shadows from one alley to another. “Wow, you even have people busy outside at night too. I just wish I could see more than silhouettes and torchlights.”

“That will have to wait until morning. As far as tonight goes, you are welcome to stay the night at my family’s tavern.”

They rode down a street until they reached large building with a wooden sign hanging over the front door with a juvenile griffon resting in a nest on it. They stabled their mounts in back, and then entered the tavern, which by that time, was filled with many jovial patrons. The two travelers found a small empty table and pulled up a couple of chairs.

“I didn’t know your family owned a tavern.” Alvar looked around, thoroughly impressed.

Valerie leaned back, crossed her arms and nodded with a smile. “Welcome to the Griffon’s Nest.”

“How long has your family had this place?”

“I believe it’s been five generations.”

“Do you help them run it?”

“Well, my mother, sisters and a few cousins do a good enough job running the place without me. As you may know most of the men in my family join the city guard or some form of military. I didn’t care for my mother’s lifestyle, I really adored my father. As a little girl I tried to follow him everywhere he went. I wanted to be just like him and against my mother’s wishes he trained me in the ways of battle so I may one day be the first woman to join the guard.”

“That is so amazing. Have you tried to get in yet?”

She considered her answer for a moment. “That’s where it gets complicated.”

“Valerie!” A voice came from across the room. A young petite girl with long strawberry hair approached horridly. 

“Cousin Lily, so good to see you!” The two of them shared a quick embrace.

“When did you get back?”

“Only moments ago.”

She took notice of Alvar and smiled. “Who’s your friend?”

“This is Alvar Baldursson, a friend from home. I’m giving him a tour of Myalune tomorrow.” The two greeted one another. The two women went on their conversation without the boy and he was just fine with that. As Alvar gazed at Lily, he imagined what Valerie would look in a dress with her hair styled and neat. The novelty of that concept quickly wore off, however as he decided that she was perfect the way she was.

The room grew noisy; complaints were heard from the crowd. Lily said goodbye to Alvar and Valerie before she disappeared into the crowd.

The two companions enjoyed good food and drink, and then retired to their rooms. Alvar lay in bed, thinking about how far he had come and all of the things he had encountered. He met a dragon king, traveled to new lands, had a run in with bandits, and then found himself in the largest city on the continent. What an exciting life it was turning out to be, he thought before drifting off into a deep slumber.

* * *

In the bustling capitol city of Myalune, it was a day like any other, except it wasn't. It was the first day of a week long, city wide Festival of Flame. Merchants from around the world came to peddle their wares at this grand event which attracted folks from all walks of life; from the poorest, richest, even royalty; everyone had to be there to experience the excitement. Unfortunately it also lured out one of the worst kind of people; a man so foul, so underhanded, so completely unsavory, his very presence may induce vomiting. His face was a mystery to many yet his name was known all across the land.

Ratman Richter.

Born somewhere out in the wasteland of Vermoor, some twenty odd years ago, Richter was abandoned by his biological parents and raised by a pack of huge, disgusting rats. He learned their ways of communication, the value of cheese, and mistrust for all human kind. 

That was how he told the story anyway. 

As reality would have it, he was born into a noble family and after being a continued source of trouble and embarrassment, was ousted from his home at age sixteen. Richter always had rodents as pets and claimed to share a profound connection with them. Deep down inside he knew that greatness was in his future and he would never give up his dream of being a rich and powerful lord. 

Only a few years ago he began to visit random cities, in which he would attempt to cheat wealth from those he could fool. He was dirt poor and knew he would at least need some coin to get his dream off the ground. The Myalune Festival of Flame would be the perfect opportunity for big money and possibly a partnership. He had a grand scheme in mind, and although he didn’t like the idea at first, an assistant would be required if he were ever see it to fruition.

He subtly slinked from one end of the market to the other, looking for an opportunity to present itself. A beautiful young, blonde noblewoman wearing an elaborately designed rose colored dress came into view. He stealthily worked his way over to her and introduced himself. “Very fine day for it.” His voice had a hint of sarcasm.

The woman stopped her browsing to look at the thing that had approached her. “A fine day for what?” She replied, giving him a good look over in case the city guard would ever need an accurate description of such an obviously foul person. 

What stood before her was a tall, lanky man with long black greasy hair pulled back into a pony tail. He had a ratty mustache and pointy goatee. He wore a long tattered cape, knotted about halfway down his back, the bottom of which was tattered and dragged on the ground behind him like a tail. He even wore a half mask, which ironically, gave away his identity since it was the same one he had always worn. Overall, Richter was the epitome of all that is disgusting and repulsive, with exception of the fine jeweled long sword sheathed at his side; stolen, she figured. There was an offensive odor about him that forced her to hold her hand over her nose during their entire conversation. 

He gave her a wicked smile. “Why, a fine day to peruse the wares of course, milady.” 

Every moment in his presence was unbearable. She wanted him gone as quickly as possible. “Listen, whatever you’re selling, I do not want it. Please be off now, you’re making me sick.”

He laughed. “It’s obvious you and I have something truly amazing in common.”

“And what is that? We both breathe?” She guessed. 

“Well,” he began, stroking his beard. “There is that. There are also aesthetic and intellectual similarities as well. You and I are obviously two peas in a pod. Trust me when I say; we were meant to be a dynamic duo. Allow me to propose a business… proposition to you.’’ 

“Be quick about it then.” She glanced around for an escape route.

“I am known as Ratman and I have a marvelously brilliant plan in mind. Undoubtedly, we would both be rich and powerful beyond words. The only thing you need to do is pledge your loyalty to me and come along on this rat-tacular journey.”

The woman let out a sigh of relief. “Oh, thank goodness you’re here.” 

“That is what I hear from many beautiful women.” Said the rat.

She glared at Richter. “Not you, him!” She pointed behind him to a man on a horse who led a handful of city guards behind him. 

Richter quickly turned and was face-to-face with the guard captain. Actually, he was more face-to-horse-face. He looked up over the horse at the captain and greeted him heartily. “Captain Warren, it is an honor to see you again, sir.” 

Captain Warren Griffon was a man in his forties with short sandy brown hair, combed back with a touch of grey by his ears. He had green eyes, a square jaw, and a full, neatly trimmed mustache. Outfitted in polished steel armor with a gold and blue accented tabard and a matching cape with the city seal of a burning sword over a shield on it. Just the appearance of the man commanded respect from most citizens.

“Is this man bothering you, miss?” He asked in a gruff but firm tone.

Richter was first to respond. “Why no, of course not.”

“Yes he is very much so a bother, Captain.” 

Captain Warren took a long look at Richter. “You look familiar. I demand to know your name!”

Richter bowed before Captain Leon. “With all due respect sir, I am an enigma wrapped in a mystery. I am simply unidentifiable and as such, have no name.”

The rat winced as the woman chimed in. “He told me his name was Ratman, sir.”

Warren’s eyes opened wide and he shouted. “Ratman?!” He spat, and then motioned to his soldiers. “Surround this man!” He dismounted then walked right up to the rogue. “I’ve heard much about you.”

“Why, thank you, Sir!” Said Richter.

“That wasn’t a compliment, fool! I’m taking you to the stockade for numerous crimes against the good people of Myalune as well as King Prian himself. Surrender and I promise your punishment will be swift and fair.”

Richter lowered his voice. “Be warned, Warren you have no idea with whom you are meddling.”

“Oh I know exactly what I’m dealing with; a thief, swindler and a coward. You are a pimple on society’s backside and no one would miss you if you vanished.  I’m sure you wouldn’t even know how to use the sword at your side. Tell me; where exactly did you pilfer that elegant blade?”

“Your confidence and assumptions mislead you, Captain. I most certainly am not what you think.” Richter glanced around at the crowd which grew and surrounded them. All those eyes on him gave him an adrenaline rush; it fueled his ambition and lifted his ego. He spoke loud and clear, if not a slightly raspy voice. “I am a brilliant strategist, a world renowned rat-tastic swordsman and a strikingly handsome man.” He made eye contact with a young woman and smiled at her. “Obviously.” He winked.

The following silence was broken by the sound of someone in the crowd vomiting.

“You are merely a worthless vagrant who wouldn’t know a sword from a pitchfork.” The captain retorted. “To prove I am right, I challenge you to a duel!”

Without missing a beat, Richter accepted. The men moved out to the town square with the large crowd following. It seemed as if the whole city were present to witness the fight. The captain unsheathed his claymore, a large, intimidating two-handed sword. Richter followed suit and readied his long sword. 

“When this is over, I shall take that blade of yours as a trophy.” The captain quipped. 

“An admirable dream, however you must win before that happens. The first move is yours, my esteemed Captain.” 

There was a brief silence. Nervous whispers were heard in the crowd. The tension was so thick; it could be cut with a sword. Warren stood with his claymore held out in front of him, Richter turned his profile toward the captain, widened his stance, and with his left arm straight out in front of him and his sword held overhead in his right.

With a sudden intimidating shout, the captain thrust his sword towards Richter’s chest and was quickly deflected to the ground. Warren swung his sword diagonally upward in an attempt to cut the masked man in half. Richter fell backwards onto his hands just as the great sword swung inches in front of him. Richter continued his motion and rolled back into the crowd, knocking some onlookers over. Warren took advantage of the rat’s folly and swung in an arc overhead straight down at his foe. Richter was up on his feet and had no choice but to push back as hard as he could to avoid the blade. The claymore crashed down into the cobblestone, not completely missing Richter, as it had cut off his belt. 

Obviously shaken, Richter managed to quickly compose himself even after his trousers fell down around his ankles. Screams were heard in the crowd and some female onlookers fainted. This, however, did not even faze Richter as he shuffled his feet as fast as he could and continued his awkward dance around Warren’s swings. The captain took another side swipe at Richter, which the outlaw quickly ducked under. Warren followed up with another downward arc, this time right over Richter's head. No luck, as the rogue dodged to the right. A few audible gasps were heard from the crowd, causing Warren to become visibly flustered. Richter gained some distance, yet never once did he try to fix his trousers or even take them off to free his feet. It was almost like he wanted them down there, to show it was his style.

Soon the rogue went on the offensive swinging furiously at the captain instead hitting the giant blade in front of him. Warren parried blow after blow until he saw an opportunity to catch Richter off guard. He dropped to his hands under the rat’s sword and spun his foot at the rogue’s legs knocking him off his backside. The captain stood victoriously above him with sword at the rat’s neck. 

“You have lost, vermin!”

“Nay, Captain. It is not over until it is over!” Richter snarled.

Richter whistled loudly in a few different tones and for a few moments there was utter silence. Then, something happened that only the most sensitive person could feel; a tiny stampede was on the way. Suddenly, from all over town hordes of rats rushed in. They slinked from under houses, from inside barrels, and oddly enough, at least one of them came from under a woman’s dress. Rats of all sizes; from the very minuscule to near cat sized. They surrounded Richter, each standing on hind legs, looking up at him as if awaiting command. The townspeople looked on with slack jaws in disbelief at such a spectacle. 

“This is it?” Warren mocked with outstretched hands as he grinned at the crowd. “This is your secret weapon? Are you planning on conducting the world’s smallest parade? Perhaps you trained them to nibble my boots.” Warren laughed triumphantly. “Hey, maybe they are trained to carry your worthless, foul, sorry carcass out of town for me. You sad, pathetic, piece of-” 

Richter pointed towards the captain and shouted at the top of his lungs. “Attack!” 

The rats turned toward Warren then viciously leapt at him. They did not scratch, nor did they bite; they just pummeled him with their bodies. One after another, they body-slammed the captain. The sounds of brutal impact, followed by a different tone of squeak depending on the rat’s size, could be heard repeatedly in a dreadfully musical fashion until they beat the captain near senseless. When Warren lay helpless on the ground the rats scurried off from whence they came. 

Richter, wearing a devilish grin on his face, stood over the thoroughly defeated man. “My dear captain, it appears you are the one who has lost.” Richter turned to face the crowd and raised his voice. “Now hear me, people of Myalune.” He paused to think for a moment. “Look upon me as well.” Another pause. “Hear and look, my good people. I am to be your next ruler, maybe not today, perhaps not next week, but sometime in the foreseeable future. All will know of the most infamous swordsman, one of the sharpest minds and this goes without saying, but I shall say it anyway; the most attractive man found in the land, Ratman!” 

He then kissed the nearest woman in a victory move that was promptly followed by a slap to his face. He laughed, and then attempted to jump up on the captain’s prized horse, not realizing his pants were still around his ankles causing him to fall. Richter quickly rose up, dusted himself off and at last, pulled up his trousers before he mounted the horse and rode out of the city. For a few moments, the onlookers were speechless, unable to react to what they just witnessed. 

Eventually with disappointment and disgust the crowd dispersed and the other guards walked away, leaving the captain on the ground bruised, beaten and disgraced. 

A young red haired woman wearing a black cloak wrapped tightly around her figure ran up to the captain. “Uncle Warren, are you alright?” The woman asked.

Warren looked up at her. “Valerie? It is good to see a kind face.” She assisted the man to his feet. “I lost my prized horse, the respect of my men and townspeople, to a man with no pants!” 

“Let’s get you to the Nest so you can rest a bit before we talk about getting revenge on that piece of excrement.” Valerie looked around. “Where did he go now?”

“Who?”

“A friend of mine, he was here a moment ago.”

“He must have left with the crowd, disgusted at my disappointment.” Warren said bitterly.

“No, Uncle. He isn’t like that. Anyway I’m sure he’ll be fine on his own for a while.”

Valerie threw one of Warren’s arms over her shoulder and slowly walked with him into their tavern where they could tend to his wounds, which were minor unless his pride was taken into consideration.

* * *

The sliding panel below the door opened and a filthy bowl of food shoved through. With the knowledge of previous offerings, Landric was in no hurry to investigate his meal until he noticed a small scrap of paper sticking up from inside the bowl. He picked it up and immediately got a whiff of the strong pungent odor. He pulled out the paper and unfolded it. He tossed it aside and slumped back against the wall. What a bad joke, he thought. Labeling his meal as dog food, how original for a guard and prisoner relationship.

He counted his blessings. At least he wasn’t alone. Although his cellmate didn’t make for good conversation, he was still comforted by the fact she was with him. Then guilt overcame him.

“I’m sorry for the way I mishandled the situation.” He whispered. “Your cause must be great, and now I’ve got you stuck in here with me.” 

The wolf appeared and licked his face before lying on his lap. Landric stroked her head and sighed deeply. I’ll get us out of here, he thought. I have no choice.

The offensive odor of the food filled the cell. He chuckled when thinking of the dog food and looked down at Kaia. Even she wouldn’t eat it. 

His smiled disappeared as he gave it more thought. He gently removed Kaia from his lap and picked up the bowl of food once more. The smell was sour, but something he had not smelled from previous offerings. What if, he thought. He took a handful of the food and held it in front of Kaia’s nose. She sniffed, looked up at Landric to see if you was serious, then she nibbled on the contents. The nibble turned into frenzy as she quickly devoured the rest of the food. When the bowl was empty the wolf trembled. She had trouble balancing and howled. 

At first Landric wouldn’t believe what he saw was real, he thought he was dreaming. The wolf shed some of its midnight fur on her tail, paws, and muzzle. The nose became pointed, jaw lined with knife edge teeth, pupils became slits. Her paws transformed into scaly feet with deadly claws. She grew in size so much that when standing, Landric could barely see over the top of her shoulders. They were crammed into that little cell until Kaia, after a furious roar, violently ripped out the bars in the cell with her jaws. 

Landric backed himself up to the wall afraid. It wasn’t just the size and the actions of the animal,  but at that time, he could visibly see a dragon and not just any, an Elder. The scales he could see were like hundreds of small emeralds. The problem being the change didn’t complete. Most of her body was still that of a wolf. It had to be Dale’s work, the hunter figured, he had to find the man and see if he could complete the transformation. 

As the two of them ran up the stairs from the cell, a guard approached.

“Hey what’s going on here?” Before the guard could properly react to what he was even looking at, Kaia leapt on top of the man pinning him down and roared in his face. The man shrieked in terror.

Landric ran over to him and knelt down. “Tell me where Dale is or-” He looked at Kaia for a moment then gave the guard a friendly smile. “I’ll tell her its dinner time.”

“No no no! Please don’t. Dale’s in his lab.”

“Where is that?”

“It’s one level up, second set of doors on your right.”

“If you’re lying, we’ll be back for you.”

“No I’m not, I want to live!”

Landric and Kaia followed the guard’s directions and found themselves in front of a pair of doors with two guards in front of it. Kaia ran up to them and roared which sent the two men scurrying down the corridor. 

They busted  through the door and found Dale in front of the large table reading a large tome. He jumped out of his chair. “You’re back.” He said delighted. His smile vanished when he noticed Kaia.

“The transformation didn’t complete.”

“We noticed.” Landric said flatly.

“I was really counting on her to be back to her old self.” He dropped into his chair and slumped over.

“Why?” Landric asked in a long, drawn out way.

“King Prian thinks the poison is being taken to the Six Cities as we speak. In a few days he will learn that all I sent was stagnant water. I will be rightfully removed from my lab and Jade will be stuck as she is now for eternity.” 

“There’s still time. You could find a remedy couldn’t you?”

“I used the scales of an Elder Dragon and that wasn’t enough. I would need something with more potency.”

“Like what?”

“A few of my historic books mention a few powerful relics the dragons have bestowed upon humanity in times of crisis.” 

“So we politely ask an elder for something like that?”

“They don’t just hand them out to anyone.” Dale was momentarily lost in thought. “Most of the time. The item we speak of would be destroyed in the process of alchemic imbuing. I somehow doubt they would agree to that. Only one such as Ruby, who apparently resents humanity, would allow the destruction of such a thing.”

“What was that all about?”

“To change Jade into what she is now. Ruby knew I would need the relic, some sort of ring of power, one of a kind I’m told, destroyed along with some wolf canines. No other dragon would allow us to destroy their relics.”

“What if we tell them it’s to help one of their own? You are sure it will work, right?”

“Mostly.” Dale turned his gaze to an old tome on the table. “They are to entrust them to those with heroic purpose, whatever that is. I would venture a guess, a hero.”

“What’s a hero?” Landric scratched his head.

“Apparently a person who makes great personal sacrifice for a virtuous cause.”

Landric couldn’t imagine a person like that. “How would anyone have a thought process like that?”  

Dale grabbed a book from one of the tall bookcases which lined the room, and read form an old dusty tome. “The founder and first King of Myalune was said to be a hero. More than a thousand years ago, before the Elder Dragons were created by the gods, there was nothing here but a shoreline. War raged between the lords of the Six Cities. In those times, each city ran independently, and they would fight to no end over fishing from the Merod Sea from where they were situated. The root cause is said to be each leader proclaiming their city and theirs alone was blessed by Levora, the goddess of the sea, bringer of prosperity and longevity; therefore their city should be the only one allowed to fish from her seas.

The war was long and the death toll staggering, citizens fled by the thousands for fear there would be nothing left if the war were to continue. A highly respected nobleman by the name of Firion Myalune tried numerous times to convince the leaders to end the war without any success. He then spread word that he was leaving beyond the Ridged Span were people could take refuge for a time until the war ended. Caravans were routinely sent to pick fleeing people near the borders of each city and were taken to the camp. Quickly that refuge became a tent city and by the time the war of between the Six Cities had ended, Myalune was already bustling. Many refugees never returned from whence they came as this new city would be considered their home. Firion tirelessly would go out with hunting parties for food and would gather pelts to clothe his followers. He traveled to faraway lands to establish trade; he even built homes for the people. He would continue such acts of kindness for decades. One day, nearing the time of his death, his followers decided the city should be named after him. They knew a man like Firion could have only been delivered to them by the gods themselves, and the people of Myalune would have Firion as their King.” 

Dale chuckled as he snapped the book shut. “I always thought he was just a rich guy who took advantage of trusting individuals who were down on their luck. I suppose the family was once great, but has obviously degenerated into its current from; a greedy playboy king and his spoiled rotten daughter.”

“So I need to find this hero guy if he does exist and convince him to hand me and destroy a relic bestowed upon him by an Elder Dragon that he may or may not even possess?”

“Um, correct.” Said Dale cheerfully. “I will show you the proper way to leave through the secret passageway. Dale squatted down in front of the bookshelf Landric came in from behind and ran his finger across a row of books. “Ah, here it is. The book titled “A Guide to the Fungus Among Us.” I only need to pull on it a bit.” 

A click was heard and the bookshelf slid itself sideways to reveal the passage.

“You should go now before they come for you in greater number. I’ll see if I can’t figure out another way to get the Dragon of Fate back to her old self.” 

Landric and Kaia disappeared through the tunnel heading back to where they dropped in from the courtyard outside. The man who was standing guard in the usual place on his bench in the garden suddenly jumped back when he noticed a slab of stone moving by itself. He approached it and peered down the hole, when at that moment Kaia roared and made a great leap from the hole, knocking the guard off his feet and sending him running off in terror.

Landric, with no idea where to find a hero, figured he’d begin looking around at the Griffon’s Nest. He made haste through the winding streets of Myalune with the stealthier Kaia right behind him.

* * *

Landric walked through the door of the Griffon’s Nest and sat down at a small table. He scanned the room and gave a long look at each of the patrons, searching for qualities that may make them stand out as a hero. As if they were to have a glowing sword of fire in hand, or maybe have a group of adoring fans crowding around them. Unfortunately there was only the usual lot of regular working folk just trying to let off some steam, celebrating the day or drowning their sorrows. Drinking to forget was a strong temptation for Landric, but he knew better, his problems wouldn’t vanish; they’d simply just hide for a while and make their return in the morning along with a headache.

Lily approached Landric with a warm smile as she had always greeted him. “Landric, so good to see you. Can I get you anything? A strong drink, perhaps?” She guessed.

“No thank you, Lily.” Landric faked his best smile. “I’m looking for someone.”

“Well then, you came to the right place. Who exactly do you seek?”

The hunter tried to find the best description for such a person, but really couldn’t summon the right words, so he just laid it out plainly for Lily. “I need to find a hero.”

“A what?” 

“A hero, a champion, a man of greatness. You know, the sort of person that puts himself at great risk to save the day for no apparent reason other than it was the right thing to do?”

Lily was silent for a moment, lost in contemplation. “Do you mean you’re looking for a book in which the tale of such a person is told?”

“No, I mean a real-life hero, with an item of great power that was bestowed upon him by an Elder Dragon!” 

Lily looked worried. Landric lowered his voice. “I’m sorry; it’s just that I’ve been under a considerable amount of stress lately.”

“I can see that. Are you sure you don’t want that drink?”

“No thank you. Please give me a moment alone to think.”

“Of course, dear.”

After a time, Landric figured a hero probably wouldn’t be in a pub drinking; he’d probably be out doing heroic deeds. He left the Nest, looked at his surroundings and only saw people just going about their daily business or out to enjoy the festival. He turned down an empty street. When he was pushed violently against a building from behind and felt a sword at his back.

“What have you done with the boy?” A harsh whisper came of the female persuasion. “Tell me or I swear I will run my blade through your heart!”

Landric had a good feeling she wasn’t bluffing. Actually that feeling, he decided, wasn’t good and was more of a point penetrating cloth on its way to flesh.

“You have the wrong guy!”

“You think I’m a fool? How else would you know about dragon relics and this so called hero and that you knew to look here? Tell me!” 

The sound of a menacing growl was heard.

“What was that?” The woman said with a quiver in her voice. In the general area from whence the growl came was nothing but cobblestone, swirling and rippling like it was submerged in water. She was in shock when she saw Kaia appear just as she gripped the woman’s cloak and jerked it violently, spinning her to the ground face-first.

Landric took the opportunity to pin her down with his knee on her back and both her wrists in his hands. Kaia leaned her big maw right up to the red headed woman’s face. Landric could feel the woman’s muscles go limp. “Who are you?”

“Ugh… Valerie Griffon… of Bleik.”

Landric knew of the late General Clive Griffon’s stray daughter having spent much time conversing with his niece. “So, you’re Lily’s cousin?”

“You stay away from her or I swear I’ll—”

“You’ll what? Get eaten by my dog?” Landric waited a moment to let that idea sink in. “Besides, I’m not after her; she’s a dear friend of mine.”

“Then what were you doing in the Nest asking all those questions for?”

“I would have told you if you had asked nicely instead of ambushing me and putting the tip of your sword to my back.” There was a brief pause.

“Hm smmy” Valerie mumbled.

“What was that?”

“I said I’m sorry! I’m sorry I ambushed you, now will you please let me up and call off your—” She dared another look at Kaia. “Whatever that thing is.”

“Apology accepted.” Landric released his grip on her. He extended a hand to help her, but she got back on her feet just fine without his assistance.

“So, who are you?” Valerie dusted her clothes.

“Landric Frey.” He bowed courteously. “It’s a pleasure to meet a lady who is as beautiful as she is deadly.”

Valerie gave him a dismissive wave. “Never mind that lady nonsense.”

“Fair enough.”

“Are you going to tell me what you know now?” Valerie said urgently.

Landric gave her the details about Kaia, Dale’s findings and the need for an Elder Dragon’s item of power. 

“You want to help a dragon? They’re either bloodthirsty or useless. This one here looks useless to me.” Valerie pointed at the vanishing Kaia. “Although, the fact that it actually comes out of its hole is still an improvement over the lizards.”

“Kaia is trying to stop the bloodshed; she attempted to kill King Prian, but was ambushed with the alchemist potion of transformation.”

“That’s ridiculous. How could mankind make something more powerful than a dragon?”

“They had Ruby’s help.”

“The red Elder Dragon’s name is Eris. Ruby is a name she gave herself because she is obsessed with her own vanity.”

Landric leaned on a wall behind him and crossed his arms. “Speaking of obsessed, how do you know so much about this dragon?”

“Oh, very funny. I’ve done my fair share of research on the matter.”

“You want revenge for your father’s death?”

“How do you-” She thought for a moment and figured it out. “Lily! Anyway, who wouldn’t want revenge for the murder of a loved one?”

“Good point.”

“Especially one so foul, so cruel, so—”

“I get it. Maybe we can stop her but we need a draconic relic to dispel this condition affecting Kaia.”

“My friend, Alvar has it, but I haven’t a clue where he is right now. He arrived with me from Bleik recently. I imagine he’s around somewhere looking for some hero that doesn’t exist.”

Landric had a confused look about him.

“It’s a quest from Argus, another Elder.”

“I see.” Landric said with a sigh, and a shrug. “So we await his return at the Nest then?”

“Right.” The two loitered at the Nest and waited for the boy. 

Only Alvar wouldn’t return that night. He was in pursuit of the masked outlaw. There wasn’t a horse in the land that could keep up with Captain Warren’s prized galehester. Even so, Alvar rode at a casual pace following the man eastward on his jonyx. It took him the rest of the afternoon, but eventually they arrived at an old decrepit stone structure, an abandoned castle, Alvar guessed. 

The mage watched from behind a crumbled wall the outlaw dismount and approach a strange small building with tall, wide double doors. As the boy went to investigate further, he saw a wooden sign that read “Those who enter may never leave.” Alvar thought on that for a moment and took it literally. Seemed sort of restrictive, but no one was watching the entrance at the moment, so he figured he’d just leave sneak out with others if need be. 

Alvar gave it a few minutes before he tried the wide double doors, which he guessed must have been barred from behind. He searched the perimeter of the wall and eventually came across a small opening. He knelt down next to it and tried to peer through, but it was too dark to see anything. He couldn’t quite fit his shoulders through the opening so he used his staff to wedge out a stone. He did feel a little guilty for using Aurelius as a prying tool, though he needed to be quiet for now and magic had a pretty good chance of backfiring on him. 

After wiggling his way through the opening his mouth was left agape as he saw nothing but open land in front of him. He was glad know no one was there to see that he just snuck out the perimeter wall. He quickly ran back around to the where he started to look for another way inside the building.

The crescent moon hid behind a thin veil of clouds in the night sky, allowing the boy little light. He walked blind around the ruins until he tripped over planks of old rotted wood. The fall stung and frustration was setting in, when Aurelius lit up in his hand. A flame on the tip of the staff; it would work as well as any torch. He could see something was hidden beneath the planks and tried lifting them off with his free hand. They were heaver then expected so he set down the staff and turned to the planks only to have his light go out. Alvar huffed and went about trying to lift the wet rotted wood one at a time, but they were still too heavy and he couldn’t see how they were stacked. He turned to pick up the staff but tripped, this time over a block of stone that had fallen off a nearby wall. Alvar growled and when he found Aurelius, it lit up with white hot fire. He pointed it at the planks and shot forth consuming flames, and in less than a minute, he had turned the pile of wood into ash, revealing a set of stairs leading into a basement level of the castle.

Alvar calmed himself then descended into the castle. A damp musty smell filled his nostrils. The end of the passageway led into a wide open area, much larger than the castle appeared from the outside. He could hear squeaks of rats and the fluttering of small wings. A wide subterranean lake sprawled out in front of him. Aurelius’ flame had dimmed low, but was still enough for him to see his immediate surroundings. He followed the edge of the lake to a stone windowless building. He reached for the door, stopping when he heard footsteps from behind.

“Welcome, stranger, to my humble home.” Richter said, finishing his greeting with a sword to Alvar’s neck.”

The boy smiled. “What a fine blade you have there. Where did you get it?”

“That is none of your business, boy. Now if I were you, I’d be a little more worried for my life than the sword that will soon end it.”

* * *

Norval knew he wasn’t going to have a good day. The old man had a reliable sense of when things were about to go horribly wrong. There wasn’t a way around it this time. He went through it over a dozen times in his mind, and every time the result was grim.

As the one to deliver bad news to a King was something that required delicate delivery, especially if that king was Prian. What was worse, the news needed the King’s immediate attention, and to top it all off; the king was in the middle of hosting an important dinner with the lesser lords of his lands.

It was a pretty good run, Norval considered of his own life. Death, of course was the worst case scenario, however, he needed to think of all of the possible outcomes; at that point in his life, it was compulsivity. The weary old man took a few deep breaths before he opened the grand dining room doors.

The room had four long tables that stretched nearly wall-to-wall. Only the crescent table on the platform in the back of the room was occupied. The grand table of the king was decked out with a royal blue cloth with gold trim, topped with wine filled crystal glasses and golden plates filled with various succulent meats, the aromas of which, made Norval’s mouth water. The conversations at the table halted abruptly and Prian’s smile left his face as Norval approached.

“Oh, Norval. It’s so good of you to join us.” 

To hear those polite words in such a harsh tone made the old man well aware he had already earned his king’s ire. “Sire, I deeply regret to interrupt such an event with these fine lords. If it could be avoided, I would have certainly not bothered you.”

“Be gone, Norval. You have insulted this fine gathering with your intrusion.””

“But, Sire!”

Prian threw his chair back. “Leave now, before I have you thrown in the dungeon!””

Norval could have done just that, if it weren’t for his strong sense of duty and the severity of the situation. Prian would find out eventually and then rain down his wrath upon him. He had to blurt it out, then and there. He stiffened his body and then clenched his eyes shut. Despite the possible outcome, he fired the words out of his mouth. “The princess has been abducted!” He cringed, awaiting the repercussions. 
Gasps and whispers buzzed around the table between the lords. Prian just stood there for a time with a look of rage in his eyes. He turned his back to his guests and gestured to the old man. “Norval, come to me.” He said flatly.

The old man obeyed and went to his king who then gripped his arm tight and hissed in his ear. “Do you understand how embarrassing this is? There has been a major security breech here at the castle and some low-life ruffian has made off with my only child. Do I not look like a fool at this very moment in front of those whose respect for me is crucial?”

“I deeply regret informing you at such a time my lord.” Norval whimpered.

“As you should. What you should have done is—” Prian’s voice suddenly turned to a raging roar. “Quickly find her and the abductor before I have you executed publicly!”

Norval reeled back. “Yes, of course, your majesty. Right away!” He hurried towards the door.

The king faced his lords and began to speak smoothly once more. “Gentleman, as you are aware some unscrupulous rogue has a longing for death, and rest assured I will grant him that wish. I must leave you all momentarily, do enjoy your meal.”” Prian walked down the short flight of stairs from the platform of the King’s table and quickly strode out of the dining room.

Norval jumped at the sight of Prian right behind him. The King of Myalune closed the doors and leaned back against them, massaging his temples and groaning.

Norval felt obligated to make an attempt to comfort his King. “You have my deepest apologies, Sire. You must be worried sick about Palmyra.”

“My biggest worry is that you were right about Ruby.”

“Sire?”

“I’ve just been informed that the red dragons have begun attacking my cities and forts from the north and west. Baryn was made into a smoldering hole in the ground by a swarm of lesser drakes, while Lorlot was assaulted by what was most likely one of Ruby’s first born.”

“So Ruby has already begun her treachery, just as I surmised.”

“It wasn’t supposed to happen so soon!” Prian whined.

The sight of his king in such a way disturbed Norval. He considered the stress and disregarded Prian’s fit. “She must have somehow found out the poison was sent to the Six Cities, and now she means to destroy us with no chance of an alliance from the south.”

“Yes, I figured that part out. My question is what do we do about it?”

“Forgive me; I need time to think, Sire.”

“Make it quick. And don’t forget to put together a search team to look for that disappointment I call a daughter. Do you have any idea who ran off with her?”

“There was a note left behind demanding a large sum for her safe return. It was signed by a—” He dug the note out of his robe and read the note. “Ratman.”

“Ratman?” Prian wore a perplexed expression. “What kind of stupid name is that? How did he even get in?”

“There are guards everywhere. It would have to have been through one of the hidden passageways, Sire.”

“I want a man out in the garden at all times from now on. Now go find her and bring this idiot to me alive.”

“It will be done, your highness.” Norval bowed graciously then scurried away. Prian let out a long weary sigh before he returned to his guests.

* * *

Dale stumbled into his bedroom chamber overtired from the countless hours searching his vast library for information on any alchemic effect without a draconic relic that would have any effect on a god dragon to no avail. He collapsed on his bed and tried his best to block out his thoughts as he lay in his bed alone. Sleep never came easy for Dale; even though he felt tired, his mind would constantly be wandering. Slumber was difficult enough without the looming threat of being ousted or worse for the ruse of sending poison to Elcid. The only thing that would help him sleep was concentrating his thoughts on his wife who he had been forbidden to see since the day he vanished to the garden without Prian’s watchful eyes upon him. All he could do was imagine her lying next to him. He could see her beautiful almond eyes, her long, flowing, dark, silky hair. The world around him began to disappear as he imagined her slender, curvy figure, and the feeling of her warmth around him. HIs hands seemed to move by themselves, as he fell deeper into the fantasy. It was all going well, until without warning, Prian burst through Dale’s bedroom doors. 

“Dale, I have dire news.” Prian said urgently and then froze in the doorway.

Dale hurriedly flipped himself off the bed out of his King’s view, and then peered over the side.

Prian shook his head in disappointment. “Is this what you do with your free time, Dale?”

“Well, I haven’t seen my wife in weeks and the rest of us don’t have access to their own personal harem!” Dale was surprised at himself for raising his voice at his King, but he was frustrated, so very frustrated. He fully robed himself and approached Prian.

“Ruby’s brood moves against us. Apparently, even the larger beasts have been killed, though with massive casualties. Norval has estimated that since they have surrounded us from the outskirts of my land, they will continue to move in a triangular formation starting wide and then concentrating towards Myalune to prevent any escape. We may have a shot at the lesser drakes but in case she shows herself, we need to do to Ruby what we did to Jade. Do you have any more of that transformation potion?”

It was at that point Dale figured sleep to be overrated. “No.” Dale said wearily. “The only way I’ve found to change or harm an Elder Dragon is to harness the power of one of their ancient relics by breaking it down and carefully alter its properties. The relic Ruby gave us has been spent and all her scales were needed in the concoction of the poison we… uh, sent to Elcid.” 

“Can we acquire another relic?”

“Possibly, it is written that each of the Elders were bestowed relics of great power to give to a few chosen of mankind in times of overwhelming peril.”

Prian jumped. “That’s what this is!”

“At a local level I would disagree, although it may be that Ruby has set in motion events to wipe out all of humanity, beginning with us.”

“Where is the closest Elder?”

“Even if they want to help us, the closest resides in the frozen lands far to the north. Then we’d have to figure sneaking someone through the line of red dragons and acquiring such an item and making it back in time, which they wouldn’t.”

Prian paced the room, becoming increasingly flustered with every step. “Then let her come! I will throw every man, weapon, and tactic at her. If we are going down, I’m taking the vile thing with me.” Prian rushed out of the room and slammed the doors.

* * *

That night the Griffon’s nest was full of the usual bustling crowd. Landric sat at a small table in the corner with his cowl over his head while Valerie sat across from him with her feet resting on the table, staring at the nearby corner.

“You still haven’t told me yet.” 

“Told you what?”

“That.” Valerie pointed to nothing in the corner.

Landric leaned to see just what she wasn’t pointing at. “Oh that. I suppose it must be some form of magic she retained after the transformation.”

“It must be nice to have such power.” Valerie said bitterly.

“It seems she needs quite a bit of concentration to vanish like that. Anytime she takes action, she becomes visible. At least we know she’s there.” Landric focused his eyes on the corner, watching as the lines in the stone and woodwork were subtly bending. “It took me awhile to figure it out.

Valerie shook her head. “Stalked by an Elder Dragon. At least this one seems to have a purpose. You know, my father met a few of the Elders in his youth. Said he was fascinated with such godly beasts. He went on something like pilgrimages to their temples for a few years, and then he just lost interest. He told me they were all lazy, selfish and worthless, nothing like how the legends tell of them.”

“From the stories I’ve heard around these parts, he seemed like a great man.”

“He was.” Valerie slammed her fists on the table. “He gave his life in an attempt to protect us from that snake Eris.” Her hands were shaking.

One of the older women whom Landric had seen before approached the two. She paid him no attention but seemed fixated on Valerie. 

“Is this all you are going to do while you are here?” The woman scowled at her. “Or maybe you want to be completely useless your whole life?”

“Do I look like a chamber maid to you, old woman?”

The woman grumbled. “I’m sure you couldn’t do anything right around the Inn, but members of our proud family either run the Nest or join the Guard, and even though I have my doubts about you being female, as long as you’re a Griffon, they may let you join the Guard regardless.

“And work for the tyrant you call king? I don’t think so, Auntie.”

Warren crashed through the door, frantically searching the room until he found the women at Landric’s table then rushed to them.

“Hyacinth, the Princess has been abducted! I’m supposed to put together a search party, but I cannot ask my men to go after the humiliation I suffered at the hands of that rat.” 

Valerie scoffed. “Then let the spoiled brat rot wherever she is.”

“I can’t do that Valerie; you know I’m sworn to protect the royal family. If I can return the princess, I may be able to win back the respect of the city. King Prian is offering a hefty reward for her return.”

Valerie scooted out of her chair and stretched her arms. “Fine then, Uncle. For you, I will help search for her.”

Landric stood. “Please, let me be of assistance as well.”

Warren looked over the hooded man with scrutiny. Valerie put a hand on Landric’s shoulder. “This is Landric Frey, an expert hunter and tracker. We can trust him.”

“Very well.” Warren turned to Landric with outstretched hand. “I welcome your assistance, good sir.”

Hyacinth gave Warren a quick peck on the cheek. “Good luck, my brave captain.” She turned to Valerie with a smirk on her face. “At least you got this one moving again.”

Valerie shot back an icy glare then left the Inn behind Warren and Landric. The three of them combed the streets of Myalune for any clues or information to where the Princess might be kept or who ran off with her. Eventually Landric met up with Valerie near the East Gate. 

“Why are you just staring at that guard, Landric?”

The hunter had yet to question the guard but hesitated only because of the awkward feeling of talking to a person so much that one should really know their name. He saw opportunity in Valerie. “Would you mind asking that guard about the missing princess, and while you’re at it, find out his name for me.”

Valerie looked a bit confused, and then a smile appeared on her face. “Why, Landric, if I didn’t know better, I’d say you have a thing for our night watchman.”

“It’s not that. It’s just—”

“No need to explain. I understand completely. Be back in a minute.” Valerie sang as she walked to the guardsman. 

Landric watched as she approached the giant and spoke with him. He was out of earshot, but kept a close eye on the two. It seemed they got along fine at first, and then he could hear bits of her raised voice. The hunter could barely believe his eyes when she suddenly punched the man in the stomach. He figured it was a good hit from the way the guard was hunched, with hand over his midsection. Valerie came stomping back.

“Are you crazy? What happened?”

“I don’t think you have a shot with him. That pig tried to pick me up.” Valerie spat. “I nearly threw his torch in his face.

Landric groaned. “Did you at least get his name?”

“What? No, he was too busy trying to get mine.”

“Let’s keep asking around.” Landric sighed and continued with Valerie down the street. They were out all night and returned to the Nest without having made any progress. The place was empty as it was every morning. The three of them sat and slumped over the table exhausted.

The group were awakened by Hyacinth who burst through the door, shouting. “They found the princess! The man that rescued her is awaiting public recognition by the king himself at the palace steps.”

Landric, Valerie, and Warren gave each other a dumbfounded look, and then they all rushed out the door to see the spectacle. Landric noticed the city streets were abandoned as he ran to the castle to which a large cheering crowd amassed. He pushed his way through masses to get a good look at the two figures at the top of the steps. King Prian was there with a lanky boy with wild sandy brown hair sticking out everywhere like he saw a ghost. 

Valerie and Warren were right behind the hunter. Warren appeared bitter when he laid eyes on the boy. Valerie had a slack jaw, awestruck look about her. She cursed. 

The noise of the crowed was slowly hushed as Prian signaled the crowd. “My good people, thank you for coming today to witness the recognition of a true hero. This young man has risked his life to save my beloved daughter from harm. His name is Alvar Baldursson and he’s from a village far to the north called Bleik. That’s right, he is only a visitor to our lands and still, he put himself in harm’s way to help us in a time of need.” Prian turned to Alvar and rested his hand on the boy’s shoulder. “Tell me; how did you manage to do it and so quickly?”

Alvar cleared his throat. “Well, I witnessed the duel between the Captain of the Guard and Ratman. After the winning his dual and riding off on the captains horse, I jumped on my mount and followed him to his lair where he ambushed me. But all I needed to do was show him a display of my power and he ran away like the rat he is.”

“Well said, Alvar.” Prian gave the boy a pat on the back. “Our hero has been handsomely rewarded for his service, and so too shall anyone who can bring me this Ratman alive, so he may be punished for his crimes. Alvar, I think we’d all sleep a little easier at night if you were to stay here in our city for a good long while.” Prian faced the crowd and raised his hands. “Wouldn’t you all agree?”

Cheers erupted from the crowd. “I will not rest until so long as that Rat has any freedom.” Warren plowed his way out of the swarm of people. 

“A real hero?” Landric thought out loud. “Perhaps he has a Dragon’s relic.” 

“Of course he does.” Valerie said bitterly. “That’s the boy I was telling you about.”

Landric studied the boy. He still couldn’t believe real heroes existed, and that one would be so young.

“Well.” Valerie shrugged. “Nothing we can do but await our little hero’s return to the Nest so we can get a few more details on the story.” 

Landric agreed and both returned to the Nest awaiting the hero’s return.

It was already dusk by the time the dark cloaked figure walked through the door of the Inn. Valerie waved him over to the table where she and Landric had been waiting. The boy smiled and joined them. 

Valerie looked away. “I almost didn’t see you hiding under that hood, Alvar. It’s about time you showed up. Were you spending all that time with your adoring fans?”

Landric couldn’t help but crack a smile. HE had to look away so she couldn’t see him.

“No, I was invited to a tour of the castle and lost track of the time.” Alvar said with a puzzled look. “Are you going to introduce me to your friend?”

The hunter wiped the smile from his face and turned to Alvar. “No need. I am Landric Frey, a humble hunter.” Landric extended his hand for a shake. The boy’s grip was limp.

“Alvar Baldursson, Draconic Mage of the North.” 

“Is that what you call yourself these days?” 

Again, Alvar wore a confused expression. “Is something wrong, Valerie?”

“No, nothing. Just that you disappeared without saying anything and went after a dangerous rogue by yourself. What if you were killed? What would I tell your mother?”

Alvar looked like a small boy in his seat, fidgeting with his tunic. “I’m sorry; I just wanted to do what I thought Argus sent me to do.”

“So you think that you are the hero?” Valerie laughed. “You were sent to find and assist this person, not to become one.”

“Right.” Alvar agreed. “Tomorrow I shall continue my search here in the city.”

“Very good. In the meantime I think Landric has something to speak with you about. I’ll see you boys tomorrow.” Valerie made her way around the Nest’s patrons, casually pushed away a drunkard that had approached her and went straight up stairs to her room.

Alvar let out a long sigh and slumped back in his chair. “She hates me.”

“I wouldn’t be so sure.” Landric said with a wry grin. “Now listen, before we begin, there is someone else here that you need to know. Valerie has told me you’ve met an Elder Dragon.”

“That’s correct. Argus, Master of Dragons.”

“There is another amongst us at this very moment.”

“Really?” The boys’ eyes lit up with excitement as he scanned the room looking for a dragon he may have somehow missed as he entered the Nest.

“You can’t see her unless you know what to look for, she’s practically invisible. Focus your eyes to the left on the floor in the corner there.”

Alvar looked down then back up at Landric. “I see nothing.”

“Concentrate, Alvar. You need to look carefully at that spot.”

The boy looked again for a little longer until he gasped. “I see something moving.”

“Exactly, that is Kaia, Dragon of Fate, I’m told.”

“Told by whom? Didn’t you just ask her?”

“She was changed into a wolf by powerful alchemy, leaving her unable to speak. I met her in the forest by accident one day, and have been trying to get her back to her old self for some time now.” Landric sat in silence for a while. What he wanted to ask Alvar to give up wouldn’t be easy for the boy. He didn’t even want to ask such a thing in the first place. If it were true he met the Master of Dragons and was given a task then why would he possibly stray from such an important mission?

Landric felt foolish now that he considered it until he remembered what life has been like since he met Kaia, he knew he had to at least try. “I believe Kaia wants to protect all of us from a great danger.”

“Like what?”

“I don’t know for sure. It may be possible that some of the dragons have turned against humanity.” 

“I know there are some rotten dragons. I helped down an old red dragon a few days ago. Argus has given me the Dragon Jewel to give to a hero that will save us from them.”

The hunter’s eyes fixed on the small ornate box Alvar produced from his satchel. “That’s it.” Landric said under his breath.

“What?”

“That is what we need to change Kaia back into a dragon. The alchemist needs to break it down for a concoction that will cure her. Please, will you let us have it?”

“No.” 

The answer Landric had expected. He had to think of a way to convince Alvar. Maybe this hero the boy is after would protect them from the dragons and Kaia would have to remain as she is. Perhaps the boy was the hero and his giving up the relic would in turn lead to salvation. Or maybe, the thought came to Landric like he was struck by lightning. “What if Kaia is the hero?”

Alvar leaned back and was silent for a moment. “I’m the one who decides that and I honestly do not feel that this fallen dragon is meant to be the hero of legend. I’m sorry, Landric. Argus is counting on me and I can’t let him down.

Landric was defeated. The only way to get that relic from the boy was to take it by force and the hunter wasn’t the kind of person to do such a deed, nor did he want to test the power of one who has the Elder’s blessing. The hunter rose from his seat, he noticed the boy’s grip on the staff he carried tighten. “You have made your decision and I respect that. If the Master of Dragons has entrusted you to make the right choice, who am I to judge otherwise. Good night and good luck to you, Alvar.”

Alvar nodded. “And to you, Landric Frey.

* * *

Valerie found herself near the summit of the Ashen Mountain, at the entrance to Eris’ crumbling temple. She stepped forward then hesitated a moment. Her thoughts were consumed by the fear she had felt, yet found her courage when thinking of her slain father and the sweet revenge she would feel for slaying the beast. Heart still racing, she stepped inside the dark decrepit lair of the evil dragon.

There at the back of the temple was Eris, one of the most gorgeous dragons alive; she was indeed a magnificent sight to behold. She stood on two legs, had long, elegant wings, a slender yet muscular build, and reflective orange scales with red tips. Even in low light, her body shimmered beautifully just as Valerie’s father described to her on his return from his pilgrimage.

The dragon, possibly sensing an intruder, opened her amber eyes and focused on the woman. “What is this? Who invades my temple?” The dragon said in a low, raspy voice.

“My name is Valerie Griffon, daughter of Clive Griffon, a man you slain just weeks ago. I am here to end your miserable existence.”

Eris laughed. “Such courageous words for such a small person. You are different from the others that have challenged me. Typically they are larger, hairier and dumb as rocks. I think you call them men.”

“I am a woman and the one who will drive a blade through your cold, black heart.”

“Then come at me, little woman. Die just as your father did; scorched to a pile of ash.”

The red dragon lunged at Valerie, spewing forth liquid flame. Valerie hit the ground hard as she rolled out of the way. She found her sword in the corner of the cave; took it in hand and held it out front of her when she noticed the dragon had vanished. 

The songs of birds and the first light of day come from her window. She stood up from the floor and looked down at her bed. It was a mess with blankets and pillows strewn about the floor. Even though she knew there was no danger, it was hard to stop trembling. Heart beating like it was about to leap out from her chest, she took a few deep breaths and finally was able to unclench her right hand, releasing the broom from her grasp. She sat on her bed, wiped the sweat from her brow and her hair from her face.

“Just a dream.” She reassured herself. The images still vivid in her mind, Valerie decided to take a morning stroll to clear her head. Outside the Nest the city was still quiet, the fresh morning air was cool and calm. She halted at the town square where she witnessed the duel. She felt rush of anger as she thought of that disgusting man embarrassing her uncle and family not only by besting Warren, he even slithered through the castle and ran off with the princess.

Somehow after all that success, Richter was thwarted by Alvar; the boy from Bleik. She knew he was lying but couldn’t understand why he would keep something from her. The more she thought about it, the more it bothered her until she was dead set on confronting the boy about as soon as she returned to the Nest. On her way back she ran through the possible excuses she might hear and had answers ready for all of them, all guaranteed to make him feel guilty and foolish forever lying to her in the first place. He would never dare do it again.

Lily was busy behind the counter, going through her books when Valerie had walked through the door. “Lily, have you seen Alvar?”

“He headed out a few minutes ago, said he was to continue his search for the legendary hero or some nonsense like that.”

Valerie grumbled. The scheduled guilt trip would have to wait.

Lily made a casual gesture. “Why don’t you sit with Landy over there? Do me a favor and cheer the man up, he looks miserable.”

Why not? She had to wait for the boy to return anyway. Landric sat near the same corner as the last time. His head propped up by his hand; he stared blankly out the window. Valerie dropped into a chair across from him. “So I hear you’re called Landy around here.”

Landric turned to Valerie and smiled. “Oh.” He laughed under his breath. “Yes, Lily. She’s a sweet girl. I met her the first night I came to this city, back when I had plenty of coin to stay at this place night after night.” 

“Where do you come from?”

“Meyat: the smallest of the Six Cities. My father is lord of the city, and he wanted nothing more than for me to stay there and take over for him when he was ready to step down.”

“So why didn’t you stay?”

“I want nothing to do with lordship. It doesn’t feel right. To tell people how to live their harsh unforgiving lives while I’d live like a king. I never did agree with what my father tried to teach me about a life he knew nothing about. My uncle Fredric was more of a father to me. He was a generous kind soul and an amazing marksman, taught me everything I know. He knew what my father and most of my family and the other nobles were always trying to win power over one another, always scheming and playing games. I think he called it the game of… crowns. Anyway one day my father told me it was time I start acting like a lord or leave and so here I am.” Landric returned his gaze out the window, still as a statue. 

Valerie studied the hunter for a moment. The light reflected off his teal eyes. His straight blond hair normally tied back previously, flowed freely down his face and hung off his shoulders. He had a straight nose, narrow chin and soft features. She had never seen such a beautiful man before. With the right clothes, a bit of makeup, and a couple of oranges; he could easily pass as a woman. A giggle escaped her lips. She would never judge him for the way he was. Valerie knew all too well growing up the expectations of family and society in general placed on a person simply because the gender they were born into. Her father was the only one who understood her and allowed her to be trained for battle. In that way she felt sympathy for the hunter. How he preferred to make a life for himself or share a bed with another man then who is she to say if it’s wrong. “I’m guessing Alvar wouldn’t give up his relic.”

“Right you are. I’m going to trust in him to find this hero. Perhaps this person he finds will make all right, even with Kaia stuck like she is. I’ve decided that when he returns, I will assist him in this hero search of his.”

“I suppose I shall too.” Valerie leaned back in her seat. “Someone needs to make sure he doesn’t mess it up and keep him safe from the harm he will inadvertently stroll right into.”

In only a span of few days the princess had gone missing again and they didn’t see Alvar again until after his return along with the princess once more. The fanfare was the same and so was the reward. Alvar returned to the Nest that night, joining Landric and Valerie at their table.

“Well done, hero.” Valerie said unenthusiastically.

“Thanks, it was nothing. Richter tried and failed again. Hard to believe he would have the nerve to attempt such a thing again.”

“You’ll be happy to know that Landric and I have decided to assist you in your search for the hero.”

“Oh? That’s kind of you. I was planning on leaving at dawn.”

“We’ll be ready.”

Alvar left to his room. Valerie leaned in to Landric. “I thought he wouldn’t agree so easily.”

“Maybe he really is capable of such deeds alone. You say the master of dragons chose him after all.”

He had a point but Valerie still felt something was off and she would keep a close eye on the boy from now on.

Before the first light of dawn, Alvar slunk out of the Nest alone. He left out back to the stable and mounted his jonyx and left out the east gate. Valerie was glad she listened to her intuition, and shadowed the boy on her jonyx along with Landric.

* * *

They followed the boy a long distance to the crumbling remains of a fortress. Alvar dismounted his Jonyx outside a standalone building in the center of what must have been a courtyard. He opened a pair of tall wooden doors then disappeared behind them. Landric and Valerie dismounted then approached the central building. 

As they crossed the opening, Landric noticed the wooden sign. “Those who enter may never leave.” He read aloud. “What do you suppose it means?”

“It means Richter is attempting to keep away intruders with an unimaginative ominous warning like any idiot hiding out would do.” Valerie pulled at the doors. “He must have barred them.”

Valerie thought the fortress to be strange in way that it had a large outer wall surrounding a few stone buildings. The structure Alvar had entered was the only one standing. “Why would anyone build such a small fortress?” She whispered, soon realizing she was alone. Valerie checked the other buildings until she caught a glimpse of the hunter on his knee, waving her over to him. She hurried to his side.

“I think I’ve found a way in.” The hunter pointed to some burnt boards barely concealing a stone stairway leading down into darkness. Landric took out a torch from his pack and lit it with his flint. 

Valerie reached for the torch. “I’ll go first if you watch my back.”

The hunter agreed.

Down below the pungent smell of stale water and decay hit her like a stone to the face. She continued down along a narrow hallway with an opening at the other side leading to a room with dancing shadows and familiar voices coming from inside. Valerie and Landric quietly moved to the wall near the opening.

“At this rate we’ll have all the king’s riches in a month.”

“Serves him right. That fool isn’t fit to rule. Soon we’ll acquire enough gold to sway opinions and take the throne for ourselves. I shall rule the Kingdom the way it was meant to be ruled.”

“Very good. I cannot wait to see the day.”

“It will come soon enough. I have other matters to attend, why don’t you check on the princess, Alvar.”

“As you wish.”

The light and sounds of footsteps faded away down another hall. Valerie was furious. “I knew something was off about his story but I never thought that boy would be so stupid as to fall in line with that creep.”

“I’ll admit I didn’t expect this at all. On top of that it seems they have abducted the princess yet again. I wonder how they keep getting away with it.” Landric said.

“It doesn’t matter. We are going to put an end to this Ratman and his boy, Blunder.”

The room is a full of empty prisoner cells with exception to the bones of the poor souls who were left inside long ago. Valerie figured the rat must have the princess locked up somewhere else. They followed a hall that led to a huge room with an underground waterway running through the center. The water was deep and a rickety rope bridge led from one side to a large platform in the center of the room with Richter on the other side with his arms crossed and sly smile.

Richter lifted his arms and motioned around. “Welcome to my home, ladies.” He bowed.

Landric rolled his eyes.

“I was expecting you. I have many eyes in here, my little friends warned me of intruders.”

“I’m happy for you, but now playtime is over, Rat.” Valerie said with anger in her voice.

“Playtime is just beginning.” Richter quickly unsheathed his sword and cut the first support rope of the bridge between them. Before he could sever the second, Valerie had already run halfway across the slanting bridge and jumped to his side.

“Nice try but you fail again.” Valerie dusted herself off.

“Now it’s a fair fight, one-on-one.” Richter said cheerfully.

Landric readied an arrow. “You think I can’t hit you from here?”

Richter turned his attention to the hunter. “Oh, I know you could, Sally, but I just figured you’d want to save your arrows for what’s behind you.”

Landric turned and saw an encroaching blob, a shadowed figure of a horde of rats across the hall from whence he came. All at once they charged him. Landric fired an arrow at the largest, most vicious, and diseased looking rat he could see. The large rat was skewered and propelled down the corridor. Landric ran down another corridor with an army of rats close behind him.

“It’s just you and me, my fair lady.” Richter grinned.

“I am no lady as you will soon find out, you disgusting piece filth.” She unsheathed her sword. Richter gave her a gesture signaling her to make the first move.

“Do not underestimate me, Richter. I am the daughter of Clive Griffon, the great man who faced an Elder Dragon alone.”

“Then you must be rather slow in the head, as these traits tend to be passed on by family. At least may I assume that you know how to handle a sword? Unlike your uncle.”

An overwhelming emotion to kill had taken hold of Valerie. She swung fiercely at the Ratman. He deflected the blows, unable to make a move; her furious flurry wouldn’t allow it. 

Landric ran down the maze-like passageways with a horde of vermin on his tail. He felt a stone sink under his foot. A fan of knives sprayed out from the walls behind him, slicing a few rats as they hit the stone floor. As fortunate as that was Landric knew if there was one trap there would be more, and he had no time to carefully investigate the low lit corridor he was running through. 

He felt a thin thread snag and snap around his ankle. He felt intense heat and a roar behind him as he took a brief look behind to see a few more of the diseased rodents get incinerated. He felt strangely lucky being in the middle the unfortunate situation he found himself in. Perhaps it was his haste saving his life as no one would expect an intruder to run blindly through the place. The remaining rats did not seem deterred, and still seemed anxious to overwhelm the hunter. He did the only thing he could do. Run.

After a barrage of unyielding attacks Valerie began to tire, allowing Richter a few swings of his own. Soon she was on the defensive, barely parrying the strikes in time. She realized he never intended to strike her; he was pushing her back to the ledge of the platform. She took a chance and dove to Richter’s flank in an attempt to kick his feet out from under him. He anticipated the move, hopped over her swipe and landed with a foot on her chest and the tip of his blade on her neck. 

Valerie knew she had been defeated, and felt like a fool for letting her emotions blind her to what should have been a battle won by carful tactics and consideration. 

“I win.” Richter grinned. “You should have stayed home little girl.”

“I had to find Alvar.” She admitted. “He is meant for a great purpose, and you ruined all that when you poisoned his mind with your lies.”

“I did no such thing. He is an intelligent boy and knows that I intend to dethrone that despicable Prian and change this land, perhaps even the world. You are fortunate that he speaks of you so fondly, although I have no idea why, but I shall see to it you are treated well in captivity.”

Landric was nearly out of breath when he lost the remaining rats and found himself at the ledge of an upper tier of the central room. He saw his partner struggle and tried his best to steady his hands for a clean shot at Richter, knowing at any moment the villain might finish Valerie off. He let loose an arrow. 

Richter screamed in pain when the arrow struck inches above his right knee. Valerie pushed the flat of his blade aside, then entangle his feet with hers, sending him to the floor.

Valerie gave him the tip of her blade. “I win.” She said mockingly.

Landric collapsed with relief. 

“Rats attack” Commanded Richter. 

Valerie didn’t take her eyes off Richter and waited while nothing happened.

“They’re all dead.” The hunter shouted. “I hope.” He added under his breath.

“Can you find your way back down here, Landric?”

He thought for a moment. “This place is like a maze. I suppose I could get back if I follow the scent of roasted rat flesh.”

Richter flinched upon hearing the words.

Valerie admired the jeweled blade the villain lost and took it for herself. When Landric arrived, he reclaimed the arrow and dressed Richter’s wound. 

“You are proficient with a bow. Not many men could hit a target as far as you did.” Richter said in an appreciative tone. 

“Truth be told, I was aiming for your head.” Landric helped the wounded criminal to his feet and followed Valerie until they found a dungeon. The cell door opened with a loud crack then slammed shut with their prisoner behind bars.

“Hold him here while I look for a key.” Valerie searched the room. 

“What is this place exactly?” The hunter inquired.

Richter smiled. “The ruined remains of an ancient stronghold. My guess is that it was built before the dawn of the dragons, in the times of the old gods. The machinations, the designs, and the ever glowing lights are something mankind of today could never achieve.”

“What happened to the people who were here?”

Richter shrugged. “Your guess is as good as mine.” He chuckled. “Actually, my guess is probably better than yours.”

“And that is?” The hunter asked with a hint of hostility in his voice.

“Never mind.” Richer glanced towards Valerie who was still searching. He probed his pocket and threw something through the bars of his cell. “My dear, the key is right there.”

Valerie stomped over, picked up the key and locked the cell door. “Why didn’t you tell me you had all this time?”

“I forgot.” Richter said, still smiling like an idiot. “Oh, and take this one too.” He dug out another key and handed it to Valerie. “That will unlock my personal chamber where the princess is captive.”

Valerie turned to Landric looking for any answer to clear her confusion only to get a shrug. “Why are you helping us, Rat?”

Richter groaned. “Because the quicker you get what you came for the sooner we can all get on with our lives.”

“I wouldn’t say you have much of a life waiting for you after Prian gets hold of you.”

Richter lay down on a dusty, threadbare mat and closed his eyes. “Down the hallway to your left, second right. I hope you appreciate what I’ve done with the place. Wake me when you’re done.”

Richter’s had not misled them with his directions. They found an ornate carved wooden door with a slender brass handle. Valerie inserted the key and with a twist came a click allowing them passage into Richter’s personal chamber.

Inside they found her splayed on a massive elaborate bed with plum colored canopies and golden embroidered hangings. The soft lights emitted by the gemstones on the walls were varied in warm colors. Fancy wooden and pillowed furniture were arranged neatly, and in one corner Valerie saw a few open wooden chests overflowing with gold coins she figured were delivered by Alvar.

The raven haired princess took notice her visitors and sprang out of her bed. “Oh my! Who are you?”

Landric knelt before her. “I am Landric Frey, my lady. We are—”

“Never mind the introductions.” Valerie interrupted. “Where is Alvar?”

“Who?”

“The boy with a mess he calls hair and carries a silly golden stick with him everywhere he goes.”

“Oh, he just left. Probably went back to Myalune to ensure another payment is coming. That little weasel.” 

Valerie rushed to the princess, grabbed her by the collar of her dress, and brought her inches from her face. “I don’t care who you are, what your fancy title is, or what family you come from. You do not insult Alvar, girl.”

Valerie shoved the princess. “That’s my job!”

“Unbelievable, really who are you people?” The Princess straightened her dress.

“We are here to get you and Richter back to your father.” Landric said 

“Thank goodness.” The princess sighed. “Whatever became of that horrid Ratman?”

“He’s sitting in one of the cells here.”

“Oh. Very good.”

“Let’s go, Princess.” Valerie said impatiently.

“Right, but I will not leave without my heirloom pendant he stole.”

Valerie groaned. “Where is it?”

“He placed it in a nearby room. Follow me.” 

She ran past Landric and Valerie down a short hallway to an old decrepit door. The princess pointed at the handle. “He threw it in there.”

Landric opened the door. It was dark and they needed to rely solely on the torch to see. The room seemed large and soon they found a dusty iron chest. Valerie tried to open it. “It’s locked.”

“Give me some light.” Landric removed his boot and put his lock picks to use as Valerie held the torch over him. Soon enough there was a click and Landric lifted the lid. The two of them were speechless as they looked inside to find nothing. 

“There’s nothing in here.” Landric called out and turned to find the princess was no longer waiting by the door. The two of them hurried out of the room to look for her. They ran towards the cell where they left Richter to find it open and empty.

“He’s gone!” Valerie was livid.

“They were working together.” Landric said in disbelief. 

“That little—”

“He’s wounded. They couldn’t have gone far.” Landric rushed for the exit.

Topside Princess Palmyra and Richter sat together in the old courtyard sharing a laugh.

“If those idiots thought they could interfere with my rat-tastic plans, they had another thing coming.”

“Oh, Richter, I never doubted you for a second.” Palmyra embraced the rogue.

“You know, I bet this isn’t even necessary.” Richer looked over at the large doors beside him.

“What do you mean?”

“My great wisdom and flawless swordsmanship has intimidated them to the point of pitiful cowardice. Obviously, those two went running home crying like the little girls they are. I don’t think we’ll be seeing them again.

“Richter!” Valerie called out.

The wounded rogue squeaked. “Stay back!”

Landric and Valerie closed in on the two criminals in front of the single standing structure with the large doors. Valerie shook her head at the sight of the princess with her arms around Richer. “Palmyra, don’t tell me you actually love this thing.”

The princess stood defiantly. “I do, with all my heart.”

“She’s delusional.” Landric moved in. “What have you done to her, Richter?”

“How would it be possible for her not to love me? Just think of all I have to offer.”

Valerie laughed. “Stupidity and stale cheesy breath?” 

“Laugh now while you still can, for in a moment I will be the one who gets the last laugh.” Richter motioned Palmyra to the doors.

Landric readied an arrow. “Stay where you are, Princess.”

“Go on.” Richter urged Palmyra. He then turned a grin toward Landric. “He wouldn’t dare shoot one of royal blood.”

Palmyra opened wide the doors and vanished within.

Valerie shouted into the darkness. “Don’t forget your fancy purse while you’re in there Princess. We’ll be waiting right here.” 

Valerie flaunted the jeweled blade in front of Richter. She enjoyed flaunting it before him. “Such a lovely sword. I wonder if there are more like it down below.”

“That blade was well guarded. It nearly cost me my life. The ancient people were sure that no one lived to see their great accomplishments.”

“And yet, you somehow got your grubby hands on it. How hard could it be then?”

A load rumbling roar came from inside the structure. Valerie and Landric backed away cautiously. “What was that?” asked the hunter.

Richter grinned devilishly. “You will see soon enough.”

Palmyra emerged and sat beside Richter. “It comes.”

Another roar was heard from within the structure. From within the shadows emerged a horrifying creature. At first, Valerie thought it to be a salivating grizzly bear. It had a pointed head however, a pitch black mane around its neck. The muscular grey body ended with a long pointed tail with a thick tuft of fur at the end. Its sickle like claws shredded the soil as it slowly came out the door.

Valerie overheard Landric whisper a prayer to someone called Meadeo. She held her sword out defensively, visibly quaking. “What is that thing?” 

“That, my dear, is a Ratlion. They are fierce predators from Vermoor. It took me many years, but I was able to train one I had captured as a pup. It heeds my every command, and I love her as if she were my own child. She is hungry, but worry not, it is time to feed.” Richter pointed to Valerie. “Kill!”

The beast made eye contact with Valerie; it bowed, wiggled its backside and sprang at her with astonishing speed. Valerie didn’t have enough time to evade and was pinned on her back with her sword flung from her hands. The thing roared in her face; its breath smelled of rotting carcasses. 

It opened its point maw, revealing dagger-like fangs. Valerie was able to get both hands on the beast’s neck and pushed its head back with all her strength. The beast’s jaws repeatedly opened and snapped shut at each attempted lunge for her face. Her strength faded and she felt death would be soon upon her. She clenched her eyes shut and gave one more defiant push of the ratlion’s head when she heard it howl in pain. The weight was lifted off her and she opened her eyes. Landric was perched atop of a tall portion of one of the ruined walls raining arrows down on the beast. The thing appeared to be in frenzy, attempting to claw its way up the wall with no success.

The rat ran away from the hunter then turned and rushed for the wall. The force of its impact was so great; it crumbled, sending Landric tumbling down with it. Then the beast was upon him. Valerie found her blade, made a dash for the beast and leapt on its back with her sword firmly in both hands, pointed down at the ratlion’s head, she plunged the blade downward only to be bucked off before it had made contact. 

The beast turned toward her, lowered to the ground, wiggled its back side and lunged at her again. She had been ready that time. She fell on her back and held her sword firmly in both hands, with the butt of the weapon planted firmly in her chest. The beast was skewered by the blade. It collapsed on top of her with its stinking maw draped over her face. 

Landric hurried to her and with all of his strength, managed to shove the thing off. “Are you hurt?”

Valerie needed a moment to breathe. With the adrenalin fading she began to feel her body ache. “Nothing serious.” She concluded. Valerie was relieved to see the princess was still huddled next to Richter, who seemed to be moping at the moment. Landric offered his hand and helped Valerie to her feet. They approached the two criminals. “On your feet, Rat.” Valerie demanded.

“Fine.” Richter said in a low voice, rising with the help of the princess. 

“You’re both coming back to Myalune with us.” Landric searched his satchel.

“But—” The princess looked nervous.

“I’m afraid you have no choice.” Landric bound her hands with a length of rope.

“As much as King Prian disgusts me, it will be pleasant to witness the look on his face when we bring the two of you in.” Valerie couldn’t wait to deliver shame to the king, and redeem Warren and her family’s standing with the city by the capture of Ratman. She mooted her jonyx, pointed her blade at her prisoners, and shouted. “March!”

* * *

With her right foot firmly placed on his backside, Valerie gave Richter one final satisfying push to the floor before Prian. The villain rose again without a word. In hindsight, she found it strange Richter had been so compliant since his capture. The princess, of course, knew better than to give the hunter any trouble, at least until they came before her father. The last to enter the room was Warren. Valerie knew her uncle’s assistance would prove useful in their dealings with the king. 

Warren knelt before Prian, then gestured to the others to follow suit. Valerie kicked the back of Richter’s knee, forcing him down then knelt behind him. 

Upon the sight of his daughter tied up in rope, the king sprang out of his chair in a fury. “What’s going on here, Warren!? Why have you bound and brought my daughter before me? If your intentions are to get to know the executioner’s axe firsthand then I shall grant you that wish.”

As if hungering for bloodshed, the eight black knights drew their weapons and surrounded the guests. Warren’s tone and composure remained cool, he signaled Landric to free the girl from her bonds. “It is my sad duty to inform your highness that the Princess has been robbing you along with this wretched thief here.”  Warren pointed an accusatory finger at Richter. 

“My Niece, Valerie and her friend have uncovered the entire plan. Palmyra’s abductions would entail her sneaking out of the garden to Richter’s hole in the ground. Then the false hero, Alvar would stroll right in and escort the princess back here like he rescued her. He would then collect the monetary rewards, take that back to Richter, and the whole process would repeat until they bled you dry.”

Palmyra ran to Prian, draped herself on his side and sobbed. “Father, you really aren’t going to believe these commoners. Are you?”

Prian’s expression was unreadable. “What of the false hero?” He pressed.

“He was nowhere to be found, my lord.”

“What proof do you have that all of this is not just another fabrication?”

“Under the abandoned ruins of Kor, we found a room with a few chests containing most if not all of your reward money given to Alvar. We have returned the gold, outside on a cart.”

“Go and see if this is true.” Prian commanded.

“Right away, your highness.” Norval slipped past the armed guards and out the doors.”

“Father, please do not listen to these fools. It’s all lies!” Palmyra shrieked.

The old man returned. “It’s true; there are gold filled chests out there.”

Prian’s face turned red with rage. “Take Palmyra to the dungeons; give her some time to think about what she has done.”

“Father, how could you?” The girl pleaded as one of the knights took her away.

“Take Richter to a separate cell. I will question him personally later.”

Richter remained silent, obeyed and followed the knight out of the room. “The rest of you, get back to your positions.” The remaining six knights sheathed their weapons and went back to standing along the walls of the room like cold statues.

Prian dropped back into his throne and messaged his temples. Valerie, restless and wanting nothing more than to leave that room, looked to Warren for guidance. Her uncle held his hand up, signaling her to remain where she was.

Prian casually motioned upwards with his hand. “You may stand.”

“My sincerest apologies, my lord. It pains me to be the bearer of such dreadful news.”

Prian shrugged. “Stop apologizing Warren, you’ve done nothing wrong. In fact, you’ve done me a great service.”

“I wish I could take credit, but all of it should be awarded to these two Valerie and Landric. They’re the ones that found him and risked their lives to unravel that villain’s plan.”

Prian put a hand to his chin and stared at the woman for a time. “Clive Griffon’s daughter, Valerie. I shouldn’t be surprised. Perhaps a woman is good for more than bedding and child rearing. 

Valerie’s eyes opened wide as she tried to contain the rage exploding inside her. Warren shook his head nervously at her, reminding her of what she had planned on doing at that moment was probably a bad idea. So she just looked at the floor and imagined how good it would feel to run her sword through his chest. 

And you, stranger, who are you?”

“I am Landric Frey. “The hunter bowed courteously. “I am from the Six Cities but have no loyalties there.

“Tell me; is your family dear to you?”

“No, your highness, with few exceptions they are not.

Prian chuckled. “I suppose I may have done you a favor then.”

“I don’t understand.”

 “Never mind, it is nothing.” Prian waved dismissively then clapped his hands together. Tell me; what is it you do here when not foiling thieves?”

“I am a hunter who is fortunate to live off your bountiful land.”

“Have you my permission?”

He does.” Warren chimed in. “He has paid for his claim for Wychwood Forest. I saw to it myself; he is a friend of my family.”

“Excellent.” Prian smiled and flicked his finger at the hunter. “We need more men like you in this fine Kingdom.

“You are too kind.”

“I know.” Prian rolled his eyes. “Well done and keep up the good deeds. You three are dismissed.”

Landric and Warren bowed once more before leaving. Valerie darted out of the room, preemptively outrunning any future regrets she may enact if she had lingered another moment in that hall.


Richter heard footsteps coming from down the hall. A guard walked in front of Richter’s cell with a chair in hand, and then placed it on the floor in front of Richter’s cell. Prian entered next and took his seat in front of the ex-king. The King of Myalune then made a small gesture with his hand towards the guard. “You may leave us.” The guard complied.

”Prian crossed his arms and smiled at Richter in silence. The criminal knew he was only coming to gloat about his victory, but he was resolved to never give him the satisfaction. He couldn’t lie to himself though, he hated Prian. There he sat, a king and freeman, while the true king stewed in a dungeon. After a few minutes passed, then the king, smiling at him like an idiot the entire time, Richter had to break the silence. “If you’re waiting for an apology---”

“Stop.” Prian said haltingly. “Roland Loewe. Correct?”

The sound of his given name further irritated Richter. Hearing it invoked only unpleasant memories of a past life, abandoned many years ago. He had hoped that name would remain buried forever. He didn’t want a prolonged silence to give his cool demeanor away, so he spoke. “Congratulations, Prian. You know the name of a dead man.”

“Not dead quite yet, I’m afraid.”

“An execution is in store for me, no doubt.” Richter said as if it was of no consequence to him.

Prian obviously feigned a shocked expression. “Who said anything about an execution? You are the lost son of the repulsive Loewe family; one of the famous noble families of the Six Cities. Your ancestors had an influential role as instigators for the civil war and consequently, the ousting of my family.”

“What a fascinating history lesson.” Richter said, his voice bursting with sarcasm. “Alas, I care not. Oh, and by the way, you said I was not dead yet. Yet rings like something soon to come.”

Prian chuckled and rose from his seat. “True, you are my bargaining chip. However, when the right people get a hold of you, I can only assume something worse than death awaits you. Good night, Loewe the Rat or was it the Lowly Rat? Alas, I care not.” The King hissed.

As Prian left the room, Richter allowed himself to breathe easy. He sat in the corner dropped his head to his bent knees thoroughly defeated. He didn’t fear death though, only the pain of his disgrace. 

Once a failure, always a failure. Completely worthless, weak and a disgrace to the family name. His father’s words rang in his head relentlessly. He reflected on all of those miserable years living under that roof. He regretted the thought that he could prove his father wrong. It was pointless. That man didn’t deserve a second thought.

He cleared his head of self-loathing and waited for his fate to play out the way it was meant to. The end was coming. 

And he welcomed it.

* * *

Alvar felt conflicted over the fact that none of his friends were getting along. He had heard the ruckus outside the ruins, and then watched in the shadows the start of the battle between his love and the ratlion before he ran off to avoid a situation where he’d have to explain himself. He figured it was as good time as any to run away; he had been told numerous times that he needed practice doing it anyway. 

The boy felt guilty for not intervening to work things out, even if weren’t possible. He knew Valerie wouldn’t approve of his decision to assist Richter, she hated that man after all, and if she found out about his own involvement, she’d hate Alvar as well. 

None of them could see the potential greatness in Richter as Alvar did. No one else knew the man, nor could they have known his wise plans for Myalune’s future. However Alvar wasn’t completely without his doubts; he still had the Dragon Stone in his position. He had a few more things to discuss with Richter, but since the man had been taken prisoner, the boy regretted that he waited too long to bestow upon him the dragon’s power. 

He heard another growl. The same growl that had kept him at bay since the battle and kept him on a single path; one not of his own choosing. The growl, he decided, could only be coming from the one creature he should fear most, if he could feel fear at all. So for the simple sake of survival, he allowed the unseen creature to guide him toward his destination. Any deviation would result in another fearsome growl.

The boy was lead to the courtyard of Myalune’s Castle. He thought the garden to be beautiful. Even in the darkness the few lit braziers around the statues and gardens allowed him to see the various hues of blues and shades of orange, and the lush greenery that surrounded him. The tall shrubs were trimmed neatly around the stone paths that wound through the courtyard.

Eventually he saw a wide opening and a statue along with a guard sitting on a bench right across from hit. Alvar felt a slight nudge from his side and watched as the path in front of him swirled ever so slightly. The beast was slowly making its way to the guard and when it was almost on top of him it let out a furious howl, like a wolf howl with a great beasts roar around it. The dragon-wolf showed itself at that moment and the guardsman shot off the bench and disappeared into the garden like a flash.

Alvar scratched his head as he tried to figure out why the beast was sniffing away at the statue’s crotch. The thing bit the hand and jerked it upwards. There was a click and grinding sound as a large stone plate moved to reveal an opening in the ground. The beast sat behind it, stared at Alvar, and then whimpered. 

Alvar approached the opening then faced Kaia. “This is about the Dragon stone isn’t it?”

She nodded.

“You want me to give this to someone in here?”

Another nod.

“I will accomplish what I was meant to do then.” As Alvar stepped down the ladder, he watched as the beast vanished into the shadows of the garden. When he reached the bottom there was only darkness in front of him. He knew the emotion required at this point was anger yet he felt none. He was actually quite content with the wolf’s assistance, allowing him into the castle, thus finding Richter and moving forward with his plan. 

He searched his memories for that would trigger the desired effect. HIs thoughts as usual turned to Valerie and his heart fluttered. Aurelius began to glow a soft white light, which radiated soothing warmth. It wasn’t the first time the staff reacted in such a way. He always felt good when that happened but the light it gave wasn’t enough. A flame was required. He thought of those who may harm Valerie. The most recent events between Richter and Valerie didn’t work as he felt it was his fault for not intervening. As memories surfaced of the thugs that threatened Valerie, Aurelius ignited and burned like a torch.

The boy remembered what the hunter said and looked intently at his surroundings for telltale signs of the wolf’s presence. When he was certain she hadn’t followed him, he began to explore the maze of tunnels that lay beneath the castle. 

After a few dead ends, he reached a wall with a thin gap around it and an iron lever on the wall beside it. The wall opened upon pulling the lever revealing a large storage room filled with dusty old books, bottles, tubes, and other strange equipment he had never seen before. 

Alvar crossed the room and opened doors which lead to one of the castle hallways. It was quiet and the place seemed empty. He wandered the halls until he found a set of stairs leading downward. That would have to be where he was, Alvar thought. At the bottom around a corner was a guard sleeping at a table. Alvar quietly passed him into a room full of cells. 

“Hey.” An unkempt man in ragged clothing whispered. “The guard’s asleep he always sleeps during his shift. You could easily get his keys and let us out of here. Do us a favor, will you?”

Alvar had no intentions on freeing any criminals that night with the exception of the wrongly accused, nor did he want the man to rouse the guard if he were to tell him that. “I will do just that. First I need to find a friend of mine. He was recently thrown in here I would think.”

“Oh yeah. The Prian actually gave him a personal visitation earlier. I think he likes him.”

“Where is he?”

The man pointed to his right. “He’s only a few cells down that way.”

“Thanks, I will return in a moment.” The boy lied.

He found Richter. The man sat against a wall with his head rested on his knees. “Richter.” Alvar whispered.

Richter shook his head and his eyes widened. “Al---” he stopped and lowered his voice. “Alvar.”  “What---? How did you---? You’re here!” He smiled wide and threw up his arms. “Quickly, get the key from the guard and get me out of here.”

Alvar only stared back.

“What’s the matter, my boy?” 

“I have a few questions I need answered first.”

“Can’t it wait until after we get out of here?

Alvar shook his head. “I need to know now. This is very important to me and I don’t want to mess it up.”

Richter shrugged. “Then what is it?”

“I need to know just how serious you are about the plans we discussed.”

Richter leaned against the bars and looked the boy directly in the eyes. “Alvar, you know how much this means to me. All it takes is one man with the right ideology in power. I will transform this kingdom into something great. Undo the damage Prian and his ancestors have wrought upon this once great city. It will become the world’s number one trading hub. The people will be given more opportunities and better lives. What we accomplish together may even spill over the rest of the world. It will be glorious.”

It felt right to the boy. This man, although misunderstood by many, must be the prophesized hero to save mankind as Argus has foretold.

“Alvar, you have my word.”

“There is something I haven’t told you about.”

“Can we please get out of here first?”

“In a moment.” The boy reached into his satchel and pulled out a gem encrusted box. He opened it and inside it was a rainbow colored jewel set in a gold chain. 

Richter’s eyes widened avariciously. “That pendant must be worth a fortune.”

“It’s not just jewelry.” Alvar paused to relish the moment. “This is the Dragon Stone; an item of immense power prophesized to be entrusted to the hands of a great hero. Richter, it has been my honorable duty to find such a hero and so I have decided that hero is you.”

Richter fell to his knees and gasped. “I have heard about such a relic, said to give a man godlike strength. I thought it had been merely a fairy tale. I mean, everyone knows there is no such thing as heroes.”

“Please accept this enchanted stone and become one.” Alvar took the pendant in hand and held it out in his open palm in front of Richter.

“You are an extraordinary man, Alvar Baldursson. I give you my sincerest thanks for believing in me.” Richter held it in his hand and stared into for a while. “How does it, um... how does it work?” 

Alvar shrugged. “I guess you could try wearing it.”

“Right.” Richter slipped the chain over his head.

Alvar stepped back and watched as his chosen hero adjusted to the power of the relic. At first, Richter groaned, and then trembled for a few minutes. The tremors slowly subsided then a short while later Richter was back on his feet. He breathed deeply then exhaled to steady himself. 

“I feel so good, Alvar. I can’t even begin to describe it.” He put his hand on his chin. “But I shall try.”

“I no longer feel any pain in my leg. It’s incredible. I feel warmth running through my entire body and I… I just feel so good!”

“Lower your voice, you’ll wake the guard.” Alvar warned.

Richter pointed down the corridor. “Stand over there and hold that thought.” Richter clenched his fist, pulled his arm back then punched the door of his cell.

Alvar jumped backwards as the mangled cell door crashed against the wall across from Richter.

“No, I don’t think I’m worried about the guard.” Richter said confidently.

The jailor appeared and stared at the sight of the escaped criminal and warped cell door. “What is going on here and how did this happen?”

“I’ll show you.” Richter pushed the guard with enough force to send the man limp to the floor. “Follow me, Alvar. We must call an immediate audience with the king.” Richter strolled around the corner out of Alvar’s sight. 

The boy stood there motionless in awe of the power he had witnessed. He checked the guard for a pulse and was relieved the man was still alive. He silently apologized to the guard then ran after his hero. 

Richter led them straight to the Great Hall; the main entrance into the castle. It had been the worst time for them to wonder in there at that time as there were twice as many guards in the middle of a shift change.

“Attention everyone.” Richter announced loud enough for everyone to hear. 

Alvar cringed.

“We must speak with the king at once. Please show us the way and I promise I shall not harm any of you.”

Laughter erupted around the room. “You two think you can beat all of us?” A rather large guard bellowed.

“I’d say the odds are in my favor and I’m feeling lucky today.”

“What a fool. Let’s get him back to his cell.” The guard unsheathed his sword then came at Richter at full charge.

It all seemed to happen so fast, Alvar would never have believed it if he hadn’t seen it. When it appeared Richter was about to be run through, he ducked the guard’s blade, caught the man by his midsection, then using his momentum against him, he tossed the man overhead and brought him down on his head behind him. 

He caught the arm of another assailant mid-swing and tossed him across the room like a rag doll. Two more charged him, one from the front, the other from behind. Alvar could have never imagined someone could move as fast as Richter as when he jumped out of their way in a flash, and returned with enough spare time to have both men’s heads in each of his hands and slammed them together.

It was at that point the hesitant guards who hadn’t yet join the fray, figured out they were dealing with a power beyond their imagination. “Call the Black Knights.” They cried as they ran. 

“Please do, and let Prian know I’m looking for him.” Richter turned to Alvar who had been waiting near the door from which they entered the room. “This is great isn’t it, friend?”

Alvar knew Prian wouldn’t give up the crown without a fight, but it was still unnerving to see the damage that had already been done in such a short amount of time. He gave Richter a reassuring nod.

A door across the room suddenly flung open. Out came the notorious Black Knights and behind them walked in the King of Myalune, looking irate, still in his bed robes. “What a disappointing lot you are. A boy walks in and breaks out this criminal and you are all helpless to stop him.”

“Prian! Richter beckoned.

“That’s King Prian to you, scum.”

“Prian, I beseech you, hand over your crown so you may spare the lives of your men. I will assure you that no harm will come to you or your daughter.”

Prian massaged his temples as he groaned “Black Knights, kill them, clean up and let’s all go back to bed.”

The eight faceless knights circled Richter as they readied their wicked weapons.  

Warren rushed in the Griffon’s Nest and took Valerie by the hand. “Val, something has gone terribly wrong in the castle.” 

“Let’s go then.” Valerie jumped off her chair trailing Warren with Landric in the rear.

The three of them entered the Great Hall of the castle and found a few wounded guards scattered about. Warren ran to one. “Where is he?” 

“In the throne room.”

As they rushed on they found black armor and weapons scattered about the floor.

Warren placed his hands upon his head in awe. “He defeated the Black Knights? Impossible.”

Valerie picked up one of the blades and it turned to ash in her hand. Landric did the same with a bow. Warren took notice and informed them. “Enchanted weapons and armor, only useable by those chosen to wield it.”

They continued on to find Richter, sitting on the throne with Prian’s crown on his head and Palmyra by his side. On each side of the throne was one individual. To Richter’s right stood Alvar, and to the left was a lone black knight with his wicked enchanted steel battle scythe in hand.

“Richter, what do you think you’re doing on that throne? Where is King Prian?”

“I assure you, Guard Captain Griffon, this throne belongs to me now, and your previous king is safe and sound.”

“How could you have possible done this?” Warren said in disbelief, his attention turned to the man clad in black armor. “And you, you were supposed to protect the King. What have you to say for yourself?

The faceless knight remained silent.

“He is the last of the Black Knights.” Richter said cheerfully. “The only one of them with enough wisdom to choose serving me over certain death.
 
“Alvar, you gave Richter the stone didn’t you?” Valerie groaned. 

The boy remained silent. Richter took the opportunity to answer for him. “Indeed he did. You see, Valerie, I was meant to be not only a king but a hero as well.” He gave her a wicked smile.

“No, you just poisoned the mind of an impressionable youth with your unending lies.”

“That is your opinion. The fact of the matter is I am now King. Oh, and I want my sword back.” Richter pointed to the blade by Valerie’s side.

“The people will never accept you as their king.” Warren cautioned.

“Yes, your opinion, Captain. Let’s have that sword, girlie. Now!”

Valerie approached Richter and reluctantly surrendered the weapon. Richter leaned in and whispered. “I’d kill you for all of the embarrassments you’ve caused me but Alvar seems rather fond of you. Besides, all is good now.” He leaned back in the throne and stroked the sheathed sword, his eyes fixated on it like it had hypnotized him. “You are dismissed.”

Valerie scoffed. “Let’s go. Leave these two idiots to themselves and they can wait for their rejection.”

“Alvar, I sincerely hope you do not regret this decision.” Landric said before he followed Valerie.

Warren snarled at Richter before he stormed out of the throne room.

* * *

The light of dawn crept into Richter’s chamber and fell on his face. It had been years since Richter had greeted to the day with well rested with a smile on his face. The night spent on his new bed was like he slumbered on a cloud.  He jumped out of bed and went about his room, gawking at the vast array of fine exotic garments, trinkets, and weapons.

A light tapping on his chamber door interrupted his admiration. He felt exhilarated at the thought of the castle servants and remaining guards were all at his beck and call. He knew they would follow orders, yet it still seemed to amaze him of what a simple display of power will do to win authority over most people.

“You may enter.”

An attractive young serving girl walked in with a large plate of food in her hands. A hearty breakfast made just for the king. There was an appalling lack of cheese offered; he would be sure to change that in the future. Richter took the plate in hand and dismissed the girl. After the meal came a joyful, thorough bathing. The water was warm, the women were gentile, and his mood was at an all-time high. He found some appropriate garments that not only fit him, but made him look like a king. He crossed the room to a full length mirror and studied the reflection. The man in front of him was different than the one he was used to seeing. Glossy hair tied neatly into a ponytail, trimmed beard, a handsome overcoat neatly draped on fine silk garments. His transformation was complete. 

Today will be the biggest day of my life, he thought. It would be the day he assumes kingship formally, announcing it to the people. He would shed his previous self-chosen title of Ratman, and take what he considered his true moniker; King Richter. How he relished being the center of attention, his pulse increased as the hour of his public address came nearer. Pacing the room, he would soon deliver his big speech. He had planned it years ago as the fantasies of power grew in his mind.

He thought of how his parents would feel if they could see him. Not an embarrassment as his mother said, and far from a complete worthless piece of garbage as his father had so eloquently put it. No. It all changes now.

The sun shone high overhead as the tense people of Myalune poured into the city square as the city guard notified and encouraged people to attend. Just as Richter expected, word had spread quickly about the events which took place at the castle overnight. 

Gasps and cries came from the crowd as Richter, with the king’s crown on his head, was escorted through the sea of people to the center of the square. Richter smiled and signaled to the crowd for silence so he could be heard. 

“Greetings, my good people of Myalune. I know you all must be a tad confused as to what is going on right now so please allow me to explain.”

“You can start by telling us why you have that crown on your head, criminal.” A portly man shouted. Murmurs of agreement resonated through the crowd.

Richter was expecting this kind or reception. “Bring that man before me.”

A couple of guards dove into the crowd and surfaced with a middle-aged man, bringing him to his knees in front of Richter.

“To answer your question; this crown represents my Kingship as Prian has fallen from the throne. Many people fell before me and anyone who denies my right as King shall fall as they did. As your new king you will respect what I have to say and not interrupt as rudely as you have done. I want you to consider these truths while you sit in a cell for a few days.” Richter nodded to the guards. “Take him away.

Richter faced the crowd. “Let this be a warning to all of you. Remain silent and hear my words for they are good tidings. Prian’s family was cursed for their moral deviation. That is why the family continued to shrink with Prian being the only boy, to his failed attempts to have a son. The old royal family was meant to vanish and now we begin anew with a brighter future before us. Rest assured, Prian is safe, well, and out of the way. Gone are his ways of financial asphyxiation, the stifling restrictions of how you live your lives, how you decide to make a living, and slavery.

A crossbow bolt shot from above buried itself deep inside Richter’s chest. The king stumbled back for a moment, gripped the projectile, pulled it out and held it up for all the people to see. The crowd was stunned.

“You see, what better man to be your leader than one who cannot be killed?” Richter pointed at the building in the direction the bolt came from. “Find that person and have him executed.” 

The new king composed himself. “I know you may fear such power, but I say fear not. I want to protect this city and kingdom we love. I will change things for the better. As I was saying before, no man woman or child should work for nothing. From this day slavery is to be abolished. Worry not as those who owned slaves shall be compensated for your loss. Taxes will be cut considerably since I have seen the castle vault, and it is overflowing with gold. What a waste to horde a colossal pile of riches while so many of you struggle to live. I personally do not need to sit atop a mountain of gold to be happy. As word spreads of the improved lives of those who live here, more too shall come and this city will grow to be the largest in the world. Does this not sound grand to you? Let me hear you.” Richter threw his hands above his head as the crowd erupted in cheers and whistles. After he was satisfied with the reaction, Richter motioned for silence.

“It is an honor to know that I have the good people of Myalune’s approval. This event has come to an end. Please remember what I have promised here today, as it’s only the beginning. Next on my agenda shall be to ease tensions with the Six Cities as it seems the only friction between us seems to have been old family grudges that should have died decades ago. War will not come to Myalune, at least not from such close and potential allies. I guarantee your future is bright and full of promise. Together we shall usher in a golden age!” Prian joined his escort through the cheering and applauding crowd. 

As he returned to the castle, Richter was ecstatic. The speech was a resounding success; it all went so much better than expected. He was pleased that he was not alone in his disgust for what has become of the royal family and their rotten deceptive ways. Of course he couldn’t please everyone, and those who disagreed with his ways would pay the price and be dealt with accordingly.

Richter returned to his throne and found Palmyra draped over the queen’s seat. She was wearing a black dress that hugged her form and exposed ample cleavage. She looked up at him with a come-hither look in her eyes. “I saw it all, milord. I believe you’ve made quite an impression on them.”

“Indeed.” Richter said passively. “I thought wedlock with you would be necessary for the people’s approval, but it seems that isn’t the case.”

Palmyra stiffened in her seat. “What are you saying, milord?”

“A king must someday have a legacy, someone to take the reins when I am gone. You as a member of the royal family share their curse. We must remain pure, and so I’m afraid you must join your father in the dungeon. I’m sure you’ll understand.”

“You can’t be serious?” Palmyra launched out of her chair.

Richter grinned. “Guards, take her to the dungeon.” Within moments, two men had her in chains.

As the echoes from her wailing faded from down the hall, Richter could finally enjoy his peace, and properly plan his next move. While lost in thought his gaze turned toward the scythe wielding black knight who stood guard beside him. “I like you.” Richter pointed at the knight. “You are scary with that dark, devilish armor and that wicked weapon you hold.

A smile grew on Richter’s face. “It’s almost like you are death himself. I love it!” He slapped his hands together excitedly. “In fact, I shall officially bestow upon you the title of ‘Death Knight’. Does that not sound impressive and intimidating all at the same time?” 

The knight remained silent.

Richter crossed his arms, disappointed. “You don’t say much do you?”

There was no reply.

“Don’t get me wrong, it’s one of the traits I like about you.” The king approached the knight. “Now listen, I have an important task for you. I need you to patrol the streets, weed out any potential trouble makers and deal with them as you see fit. Is that understood?”

The knight knelt before the king and in a cold, deep, echoed voice came a reply. “Yes, my lord.” With rhythmic clanks from his footfalls, he left the room, leaving Richter alone at last. 

“I’m so happy!” He squealed.

* * *

“I don’t care if he did fool the entire city. I will not be swayed by that scum’s sweet talk.” Valerie slammed a fist on the table. 

“He doesn’t seem so bad.” Lily sat down beside her cousin. 

“Are you kidding me? Richter represents all that is vile and disgusting in this world.”

“Come on Val, didn’t you hear what he said today? At the very least he seems like an improvement over King Prian.” 

“Well, sure, anyone would be an improvement over Prian; he set the bar so low, a dwarf could trip and still make it over.” Valerie turned to Landric who was trying to enjoy his meal. “Tell her, Landric.”

Landric only shrugged. “Well, he did train an army of rats to do his bidding.”

“You see, Lily? Revolting.”

“I like some of his ideas.”

“What about your father?”

“Of course father wants to grind him into pulp for his defeat and embarrassment he endured. He will have to come around eventually, I mean, Richter can’t even be killed!”

“Oh I’ll find a way, somehow.” Valerie pushed away her chair and left to her room.

Landric was thinking about Kaia being stuck as a wolf for the rest of her life and that all of his efforts might have been in vain. There would be no way to negotiate with the man after foiling the man’s plan and sticking an arrow in his leg on top of everything. He considered Alvar’s decision by giving Richter the Dragon Stone. He knew Alvar had good intentions and he knew his trusting nature could easily make him a target for manipulation. It all was prophesized by the Argus; was he wrong about Alvar and the prophecy too?

The griffon patrons slowly retired to their rooms and the rest were staggering out to their homes when Warren busted through the front door. “This is a joke. A sad pathetic joke!”

“Isn’t a joke supposed to be funny, father?” Lily asked with a grin.

“Don’t try me, young lady. This has been the worst day of my entire life.”

“What happened?”

“Are you kidding? Richter is now ruler of the entire kingdom. He told me today that I must kneel before him or he’ll have me cleaning the streets. What kind of a choice is that for a Griffon?” 

“Why don’t you just give him a chance?”

“A criminal sits atop the throne and you ask me to give him a chance? Has he gotten to you to, Lily? You must listen to a word that manipulative sweet talker says.”

“Honestly, father, you sound exactly like Valerie.”

“At least I know there is one other person in this house that is wise to that pathetic pile of puke.” Warren stormed off to his room.

Landric sat next to Lily. “I’m surprised how well you’re taking all of this. Does it not bother you how Richter continues to humiliate your father?”

“I don’t approve of it, but I also don’t hold grudges. Life is too short to be angry and miserable for most of it. I decided when I was a young girl that I would not end up like my parents. When I am married I will even leave the Griffon’s Nest behind to join Edgar in running his family’s tailoring business.” she giggled.

She really was a smart and beautiful woman. Landric had his doubts that Edgar Perry would treat her the way she deserves to be treated. All he could do was wish her the best and hope he was wrong about the guy.

“Landric, do you smell that?” Lily asked nervously.

The hunter jumped out of his chair. “Fire!” He ran to the back and saw smoke billowing out from the room. “It’s coming from the stables. We need tell everyone to get out.”

A stampede of guests came rushing down the stairs in full panic. 

“That was easy.” Landric said. “Next, we need to organize a bucket brigade.”

Warren came running down the stairs. “Everyone, follow me to the well so we may form a bucket brigade and get this fire out before it spreads.”

“Are you sure everyone is out and safe?” Landric said. “Where is Valerie?”

“She’s---” He looked behind. “She was right behind me a moment ago.”

“Lily, help your father, I’ll check on Valerie.”

“Thank you.” Lily ran to Warren and they fled out the door.

Landric tied a scrap of cloth over his mouth and nose. About halfway up the stairs and into the smoke filled hall on the second floor, he knew the full weight of the danger he put himself in and knew it was too late to run back.

He tried most of the doors but the heat of the fire was too strong for him to reach the back. He called out for a response and got nothing. Coughing and eyes watering, worrying the floor underneath him would give out he climbed the staircase to the top floor. He called out for a response and waited. His heart was pounding with fear and anxiety for he knew Valerie had to be in the building somewhere. He ran to each door, trying to see behind the flame and called out her name. The fires roared and wood cracked all around him. His mind raced with unpleasant thoughts. Was she hurt? Did she get out through a window? Should he get himself to safety before it was too late? 

The Nest shook violently as the roof collapsed nearly falling right on top of Landric. He knew it was time to go.

“Help.”

Did he imagine it? “Anyone there?” He listened again and heard nothing so ran to the other end of the hall. “Valerie?”

“Landric.”

It was definitely Valerie’s voice. “Keep shouting.” Landric followed the cries to a room with the door that was jammed by a beam. He saw her and another person on the other side of the room. “You pull, I’ll push.” The beam budged slightly. “We can do it, try again.” Landric summoned every ounce of strength. Valerie screamed from the strain. They almost had it on its end but it came back down slightly on Landric as his strength faded. He used all he had to keep the beam from dropping when he felt a pair of large paws push on his back sending him forward with the pillar and through the door.

“Get off of him.” Valerie pushed Kaia off of Landric, and then pulled him up from the floor.

“She was only helping, Valerie.”

“Never mind that, help me get Hyacinth out; she can’t walk on her own.” Valerie propped up the older woman by her arms. Landric recognized her as the woman who nearly ran him out of the Nest when she thought he had an animal in the room. The hunter took her by the legs. They rushed her out of the room and down the stairs. The building shifted and creaked as the fire consumed it. In a fog of smoke and embers they continued down to the main floor. Flames blocked their exit. 

“What do we do now?” Valerie Cried.

“Warren!” Landric yelled as loud as he could, choking, his voice raspy from breathing in the toxic smoke. “Is anyone out there?”

The ceiling creaked and there was huge crash from above. “I think the top floor just collapsed on the second.” Landric said wearily.  

“No you idiots, throw water in the doorway, there are people still in there.” Steam erupted and water came splashing in. “They are still in there, start at the entrance.” Another splash and eruption of steam, the fires blocking the way were extinguished. 

“Let’s go.” Landric and Valerie ran just in time to be hit doused with the next bucket full of water.

“Is she hurt?” Warren took her in his arms. 

“She panicked and tripped when she saw the fire.”

“I’ll take get her to a bed.”

“Go ahead we’ll stay here until we can get the fire out.” Landric joined the bucket brigade in Warren’s place. He along with the Nest’s patrons and the good neighbors battled the blaze through the night. By sunrise the fire was out before it had a chance to spread to the other homes. Valerie comforted Lily as they stood in front of the smoldering remains that once were the Griffon’s Nest. 

Warren came from the neighbor’s and embraced his daughter. “I’m so glad you’re safe.”

“What about Hyacinth?”

“She broke her leg but she has been given moonherb to ease the pain. She seems to be resting comfortably now.”

“Oh thank goodness.”

Warren gently pushed Lily away still holding her hands. “Something she said disturbs me though. She said she was watching the sky from her window when she happened to see a light coming from inside the stables below. She saw the fires soon after then in her panic to warn everyone, she twisted her leg and while falling, tried to hold on to the curtains which fell on top of her. If not for Valerie going back up, she would surely have gone unnoticed and perished.”

“Wait.” Lily said. “Why would someone burn the Nest?”

Warren shook his head wearily. “Some don’t need a reason for their actions; some just want to hurt those who they think may be getting a better life. It could be another competing inn playing dirty.”

Valerie scoffed. “He didn’t waste any time did he?”

Lily and Warren looked at Valerie with confusion.

“On the same day Richter takes the throne, he tries to burn his enemies to death.”

“Well then, we shall see how surprised he is to see us alive.” Warren grumbled.

Valerie and Warren stormed off towards the castle. “Look after your mother, Lily; we’ll be back later.

“Wait. You don’t even know it was him!” What if you’re wrong? You can’t just accuse a king of attempted murder.” Lily said frantically

Valerie waved from behind. “Watch me.” 

Lily slouched over in disappointment. “Hopeless.” 

“I’m sorry, Lily.”

Lily jumped. “Landric, I didn’t see you there.”

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to frighten you. I just thought it best to stay out of your family's business.” 

“Don’t be silly, you practically are family.”

“Where will you go?” 

“Edgar and his family have graciously opened their home to us. I’m certain he would let you stay as well.”

“I wouldn’t want to impose on them. Besides, it will be crowded.”

“Where will you go?”

“Oh, I’ll be around, you know me, I live off the land.”

“Well if you are sure?”

“Absolutely.”

Lily hugged Landric firmly. “Thank you, for everything you did today.”

“Don’t mention it. I’ll visit too, take care, Lily.” Landric waved goodbye.

* * *

Richter sat comfortably in his throne eagerly awaiting his prisoner’s arrival when he heard arguing from outside the throne room doors. Warren crashed into the room with Valerie and a guardsman behind. 

“Richter. What have you done?” Warrens face was red with anger.

The guard quickly approached Richter and knelt before him. “I’m so sorry, my lord. I couldn’t stop the captain. He demanded to see you and wouldn’t listen when I told him you are very busy.”

“Quite alright. You may return to your post.”

“As you wish.” The man left the room with his head down.

“Now, what are you going on about? What is it that just couldn’t wait, Warren?

“You know exactly why we are here. Are you not surprised to see us still alive?”

“Well, congratulations on another day of breathing and walking and wasting my time.” Richter sat back and rolled his eyes. “Is there anything else you would like to declare or are we done here?”

“Don’t pretend like you don’t know what you did.” Valerie stomped forward. “You tried to kill us all in that fire.”

“Are you accusing me, the King of Myalune, of attempted murder?”

“Yes I am, you idiot. What have you to say for yourself?”

“This is complete and utter nonsense. Didn’t I tell you, your family is protected as per Alvar’s request?”

“No, you said I was safe, not my family.”

“Stop and think about that for a moment. Would I have someone burn down your inn, one of the higher contributors to taxes in this city by the way, when I know you would most likely be sleeping?”

“Yes.”

“Why?” Richter shouted back.

“For revenge.”

Richter sighed and buried his face in his hands. Valerie, I have no idea what Alvar sees in such an unrefined, dimwitted woman. I had nothing to do with it, but now I will. Warren, gather a few men and have them question the locals of suspicious activity. We will find who did this and hold them accountable, I promise you that.”

“Oh we will find out who did this and when the trail leads back to you, the city will know their new king’s true ambitions.”

“Yes, fine. We all need goals in life. Are we done?”

Valerie gave Richter a dirty look and walked out with Warren.

“Honestly.” Richter muttered. A little annoyance like that wasn’t going to ruin his day. Prian should be brought before him soon and he couldn’t wait for that moment. 

“Kneel before your king, Prian.”

“I will never kneel to a false king.”

“Won’t you?” Richter smiled. He snapped his fingers but nothing happened. He forgot to teach his guards what his hand signals meant. It would surely be his net order of business, for now he had to speak his commands as tiring as it was. “Make him kneel.”

The guards kicked the back of Prian's knees forcing him to drop to the floor then held him in the correct kneeling position.

“How are you enjoying your cell?”

Prian only glared at him.

“Not so pleasant is it, nor is it pleasant to be starved and flogged but so you shall unless you are capable of having a proper conversation with me by answering a few questions for me.”

Prian stared at the floor. “What do you want to know?”

“Good man.” Prian hopped off of his throne to pace the room. “First, are we truly at war with the Six Cities?”

Prian chuckled. “Soon they will see the extent of Myalune's power.”

“Explain.”

“Dale, our alchemist, concocted a deadly airborne poison that as we speak, should be at work killing off everyone in Elcid.”

Richter stopped in his tracks. “Why would you--- how could you do such a thing?”

“It doesn’t matter anymore. The dragons are coming.”

“What is that supposed to mean?”

“Enjoy your kingship while you can, it won’t last long.”

“Why, what dragons?”

“Eris the Elder has not only turned her back, she is sending her brood to destroy every city in our land, ending with us.”

“You started a war and angered an elder dragon at the same time? Your ignorance surpasses my former expatiations of you.”

“How long until the dragons arrive?”

“They are wiping out villages and strongholds as they come. They may arrive in a week or so.”

Richter dropped into his throne. There was more to fix than he thought but he knew he could still save Myalune. He had a strong feeling that even he could not battle the dragons alone. Perhaps this Dale fellow who made such a potent poison could be of assistance.

“Are you frightened, King of Rats?”

“Take this waste of human life back to his cell.”

The guards lifted Prian to his feet and escorted him out of the room. 

Richter walked into the lab and was taken aback. He had never seen so many books and such strange devices before. In the center of the room, standing behind a large cluttered table was a small framed young man. “Dale, is it?”

The man seemed to nod nervously. “I am.”

“Very good, I need you to enlighten me as to what you do here.”

“Oh.” Dale glanced around the room. “I concoct medicines and other sorts of useful potions for Prian. Or I did.”

“Sounds nice but you made a deadly poison as well.”

Dale drew in a long breath. “I was ordered to make that, yes, but--”

“Yes?”

“I sent a harmless shipment of distilled water instead.”

Richter took a long look at Dale before bursting out in laughter. “That is wonderful. Why would you do that? You know Prian would find out and take action against you.”

“I couldn’t kill all those people; I don’t care what he would do to me.”

“You are a good man, Dale, I’ll give you that.”

“Thank you. Is there uh, anything I can do for you, my king?”

“Possibly. Is there anything you can concoct to battle dragons?”

Dale was lost in thought.

“Anything that can give us an edge. Let me know.”

“Absolutely, thank you, your highness.”

Richter stepped out and thought for a moment. He had a plan.

* * *

It was midday at the smoldering ruins of the Nest when Warren and the rest of the able bodied Griffon’s were salvaging whatever they could find; which turned out to be not much at all. Warren didn’t care for any personal belongings anymore. The only thing he could think about was exacting revenge on those who were responsible for the fire. Perhaps it wasn’t the king, but he would not rule out Richter’s involvement. Just the thought of that man sitting on the throne enraged him; however he needed to keep his head cool for now, so he could collect all the necessary evidence before he would get his revenge proper.

His niece was next to him, digging for clues in what was left of the stables. He regarded her for a moment, felt enormous pride, and knew his brother, Clive, had raised a strong and proud daughter. 

As Warren cleared debris in what used to be the stable, he found a few dead horses that had been lost to but nothing more. “No sign of your jonyx. She must have broken free.”

“It wouldn’t be the first time she’s escaped fire and death.” Valerie dug tirelessly. Warren knew that she was just as dedicated to bringing the culprit to justice as he was. There just wasn’t evidence left behind for them to find.

He realized that someone may have witnessed the person responsible; perhaps even recognize who did it. The captain left Valerie to continue the search for clues, while he inquired the neighboring homes. It wasn’t long before he found someone who noticed a man enter the stables the night before. He learned they recognized the man from the dive of a pub a few blocks down. He returned for Valerie and visited the business at night.

The building looked dilapidated from the outside. Boisterous shouts, clanks of mugs, and general sounds of sickness came from within. Upon entering, the stench of rotten food and body odor filled Warren’s nose, forcing a tear from his eye. The unscrupulous men inside seemed to have a good time in their overindulgent stupors. One man recognized Warren and staggered to him with a couple of his minions following.

“Are you lost Guard Captain?” I don’t think this is the right establishment for you, but maybe your lady friend could stay for---” 

Valerie put her blade to the man’s wide gut. “Why don’t you just sit back down there, fella.” She pushed the blade, forcing the man back onto his stool. 

Warren eased Valerie’s sword down to her side. “Settle down. I’m not here to cause any trouble.” He lied. “I just need some information from one of the usual pile of excrements here.”

“Then why don’t you get your information elsewhere?”

He was happy they wouldn’t comply easily. Over the last few weeks there was a rage growing inside Warren that ached to be released, and a rundown pub filled to the brim with worthless city scum seemed like the best place to unleash it. “Because I said the man frequents this establishment and I am here now so I might as well get it from you.” Warren picked the man up off his stool, threw him over a table and into a wall. 

“Hey, you can’t do that.” One of the patrons pleaded. “You’re a guard.”

Warren helped the man to his feet and then punched him in the face. The barfly fell back on a table, flipping it over and went spinning to the floor. “Tonight I am not a city guard. I am just a regular pissed off guy trying to get some sweet revenge.” 

The fallen man’s buddies came rushing to fight. It was too bad for them that Warren was a lot bigger than they were and even worse was Valerie’s unexpected involvements in the brawl; such as when she had stuck her leg out, tripping one of the men before he could throw a single punch.

A drunkard tried a jab at which point was caught in Warren’s large hand and then twisted; forcing the man to his knees, and then kicked him in the face, leaving the man splayed out on the floor.

“That looks like fun.” Valerie gave a boot to the head to the man she tripped, silencing him in the middle of his curse laden rant.

A man charged Warren and attempted to slam a stool down on his head. Valerie saw the man coming and shouted a warning to Warren who then turned, caught the stool as it was coming down, kicked the man away and used his four-legged-rage-hammer on the next guy.

After a time, people stopped getting back up, and those who thought of joining the fight had changed their mind and the pub fell silent. “No one else is getting hurt as long as someone here confesses to burning down my family’s inn.” 

In the corner of his eye Warren noticed a man, crawling under the tables making an attempt for the exit. He waited until the man was near, then snapped him up by the collar and brought the man face-to-face. “What are you running from little man?”

“Nothing. I just wanted to leave.” The small man said nervously.

“You know, you fit the description of the man seen going into the stables with a torch in his hand last night.” Of course Warren didn’t have a description, but thought further scaring the man may reward the desired information.

“It wasn’t me.” He cried. “It was just someone who maybe looked exactly like me. It happens. Trust me.”

“Why would I trust a greasy little turd like you?”

“There’s no way you could prove it was me.”

“So you did do it?”

“No!”

Valerie waved her sword in front of the man. “He’s lying. Maybe if I cut him a little bit, he’ll tell us the truth.”

“What? But I am telling you--” The sword slowly neared the man’s neck and didn’t even make contact with his flesh before he screamed in terror. “I did it! I’m sorry!”

Warren slammed the man flat on a table with a hand around his neck, slowly applying pressure thus restricting oxygen flow. “So you did? Tell me why you burned down the Nest.”

“I don’t know.” The man stammered, then pointed a trembling finger at Valerie. “I’m sorry.  I just said I did it so she wouldn’t kill me.”

“What? So now you’re saying you didn’t do it?”

“I’m just a coward, sir. Please let me go.”

The pub’s door flew open, creating a loud crack when it hit the wall. They could see the black knight only moments before the door slammed back on his face. Warren looked at Valerie who returned a confused gaze as he wondered if that really just happened, then the knight kicked the door off its hinges. In a deep and echoed voice, the knight spoke. “Warren Griffon, unhand that filthy person and come with me to the castle.”

“Why should I come with you?”

“You will answer to the king for disturbing the peace, threatening innocent people,” He looked down at the busted door on the floor. “And damaging property.”

“The door was your fault. Besides, I’m not going to the castle until someone here answers for the heinous crimes of arson and attempted murder of my family.”

“Your personal quest for vengeance has turned you into a lowly criminal, Warren. Now come.”

Warren released the small barfly and whispered to Valerie. “Tell your aunt that I must go see the king and that I will return once I have set everything right.”

Valerie never took her eyes off the black knight but her nod let him know she would do what he asked.

Just as Warren was leaving with the knight, the proprietor of the establishment spoke up. “Hey, if you’re taking him, you should take that red haired girl too. She assisted the dishonored captain in all of this trouble.”

Warren wanted so bad to grip his hands around that man’s neck until he went limp. He watched anxiously as the knight stepped toward Valerie. 

The black knight towered over the woman. He stood there silent for a time until he finally spoke. “I didn’t see her any part in the battle when I walked in, therefore she will go free.” He leaned closer to Valerie, but even so Warren, could hear the knight’s deep, echoing words. “I strongly suggest you leave.”

The knight returned to escort Warren to the castle, and as he did, Valerie slumped back on a nearby stool, like all her strength had been drained from her at that moment.

At the castle they found Richter, furiously pacing in the main hall, mumbling and pointing like he was having a conversation with someone that wasn’t there. The black knight was first to address him. “Milord, I caught this man causing trouble in one of your establishments. I also regret to inform you that he is conspiring to remove you from the throne. 

“What nonsense you are spouting?” Richter said, obviously irritated.

“You asked me to bring you those who would question your kingship and this man most definitely is one. “

“I would never…” Warren couldn’t figure out exactly why, but lying to Richter’s face proved more difficult than he thought.”

“Yes you would, Warren.” Richter said flatly. “Don’t think for a moment that I do not have eyes and ears all over the city, including your little Nest. It doesn’t take much effort to find a few reliable snitches when you’re as powerful as I am.”

The knight laughed evilly.

“And what do you find so funny, metal man. It has been brought to my attention this very afternoon of your involvement in the fire. You do know you will be punished for this.”

“You told me to do as I please!” The knight stomped his foot like a child who didn’t get his way.

“Which doesn’t give you the right to take lives and destroy a reliable source of city revenue?” Richter put his hand to his chin for a moment. “I’m a forgiving man and I shall give you both one more chance, in the coliseum tomorrow. Winner gets a full pardon. What do you say?

Of course he had no choice, however Warren wondered if Richter had yet to think it through. “What happens to the loser?”

“Oh don’t worry; I’ll cover the cost of his burial.”

Apparently he did. Warren found a new level of contempt for his new king. He would have no part in this ridiculous plan of his. “What if we disagree to take part in this idiotic plan of yours?”


“Then you both die. I have no problem with killing both of you.” Richter slapped his hands together and continued in a cheerful voice. “Any questions?”

Warren knew his fate had already been decided for him, and that he had little chance against the black knight, but any chance would be good enough for him to fight so he may see his family again. Everyone has a weakness of some sort and the knight would be no exception. Warren would need to find it and exploit it as quickly as possible to turn the fight in his favor. 

“Good.” Richter said after a long silence. “I will personally escort both of you to your holding cells until the hour of battle arrives.”

Both Warren and the black knight complied and were held prisoner in the castle.

That night as the guard captain lay in his cell, his mind was inhabited by strategies, loved ones, what he has accomplished in his life and what was left to achieve. He had to win. To live. To make the world a better place for Lily, and her children, and her children’s children. He would defeat the knight, find a way to bring down Richter, locate a suitable king, and make the land a better place. 

The preparations were already underway for the next coliseum battle. The battle of the random prisoner versus the rabid chimera was temporarily put on hold so that Richter’s own spectacle could take place. When word got out the captain of the guard was about to go against Richter’s Death Knight in a battle to the death, it brought in an impressive crowd. The diamond shaped all granite coliseum of Myalune was full with a sea of people. Richter was seated in his own private balcony for the best possible view. 

Warren looked through the iron portcullis on his side of the arena. The cheers of the crowd were exhilarating to Warren. He surveyed the arena for anything that might give him an edge. Unfortunately it was nothing but dirt and a couple of racks of shoddy looking weaponry. The captain focused his gaze to the opposite side of the arena, knowing full well his deadly opponent waited on the other side of that gate.

He considered possible strategies as he would surely need one to win against someone wearing enchanted armor and weaponry. They were both heavily armored in plate though he knew the enchantment on the knight’s armor made it as light as if he were wearing chainmail. His weapon too would be as light as a wooden sword. Warren’s opponent would be faster and his strikes more precise.

The cheers turned into a wild roar and the gates opened. The black Knight strolled out to meet warren, he never once looked away.

The Knight readied his weapon. Warren dropped his heavy claymore to the ground, and piece by piece dismantled his armor, until all he had on was a tan linen shirt and trousers. Gasps and confused murmurs came from the crowd. He ran to the side of the arena and picked up a short broadsword, then faced the knight and beckoned him with a hand gesture. 

The knight charged him, full speed, with his scythe in both hands wound up behind him with the point of the long curved blade pointed upward. Warren stood there, sword at his side, awaiting the man until the knight slowed, leaned back and counterbalanced himself with the swing of his blade at Warren’s neck. Warren anticipated the move, ducked under the swing, heard a swoosh sound, and then felt the breeze of the weapon, cutting the air inches above his head.

Warren arose as the knight was in backswing, took advantage of the lightweight armor the knight wore, pushing him over with both hands against his chest, sending both men tumbling to the ground. Warren lifted his sword above his head, and stabbed downward, aiming for the kink in the knights’ armor between the helmet and chest plate. The knight brought up the ebonsteel shaft of his weapon, and deflected the blow harmlessly across his armor. The faceless opponent then thrust his knee into Warren’s crotch, forcing the captain to roll off onto the ground and cry out in pain. 

The knight firmly placed a foot on Warren and swung down once more at his neck. Warren was disturbed when he realized his opponent was intent on removing his head, but didn’t dwell on it for he knew it would cost him his life. He took the knights leg in both hands and with his great strength, shifted him enough to topple over. The blade of the scythe bit into the ground, just shy of Warren’s face. 

Contemplating the effectiveness of an ebonsteel scythe against the same type of armor, Warren went for the knight’s weapon, only to find that he couldn’t lift it after a time of frantic pulls. He grasped his folly too late. The enchanted scythe would only be wielded by its owner, and he wasted precious moments in his attempt to claim the weapon. With a clenched gauntlet, the black knight punched Warren in the back of his head, sending the captain face first into the dirt. While in a daze, Warren stumbled and managed to turn and face his opponent. The knight easily took his weapon in hand. 

With the sun directly behind the knight, he was like a foreboding shadow, ready to blanket Warren in darkness. Captain Warren watched as time suddenly slowed to a crawl and the knight had wound up for his swing, once more on its way between his head and shoulders. Hyacinth, Valerie, and Clive were in his thoughts even then, when the crowd suddenly hushed and everything went black.

* * *

The wood cracked and hissed in the fireplace as Valerie comforted her cousin, Lily. Valerie too was trying her best not to succumb to her own emotions. Just as when her father had passed, Valerie pretended like nothing had happened to cope with her own pain. 

Eventually reality rushed back, and Valerie would only focus on those who hurt her. She wanted nothing more than to storm in the castle and kill Richter where he stood. It both infuriated and frightened her to know that even if she could end the seemingly invincible king, she would be destroying her only barrier from that horrid black knight. She wouldn’t soon forget the dread she felt when he approached her in the pub. Valerie suspected that he wanted to cut her down, but restrained himself due to Richter’s explicit orders.

In an attempt to distract herself, Valerie glanced at her surroundings. The Perry family home was also a well-known tailoring business that caters to the nobles of the city. Even in spare room the women shared, were finely crafted clothing. Elaborate dresses and handsome coats were hung and draped. Bolts of linen, wool, cotton and even silk were arranged on one of the many tables and counters in the room. There was a large assortment of ladies’ hats that caught her eye, feathery, wide brimmed in a wide variety of colors, and she would never be caught dead in a single one. She would much rather wear a coif or skullcap, it didn’t need to be pretty as long as it was practical.

There was a tap on the door and Lily’s betrothed, Edger Perry entered the room. 

“Where have you been, Edgar?” Valerie scolded. “Lily’s been crying her eyes out, and you’ve been too busy to be with her when she needs you.”

Edgar threw Valerie an icy stare. “I’m sorry, but I have been extraordinarily busy. I came as soon as I was able.” 

Lily threw herself into Edgar’s arms and sobbed. 

“Everything will be all right, Lily.”

Valerie hated to see her cousin in so much despair. Valerie knew the pain Lily had to endure. Still fresh were Valerie’s emotional wounds from the loss of her father. The Griffon family seemed to be dropping like flies and Valerie wondered when her time would come. If only there was a way to sway Richter, unfortunately the only person he might listen to would be Alvar. She hadn’t even spoken with the boy since the day she and Landric followed him to the Kor Ruins. She was annoyed with the boy, but couldn’t deny how much she missed him and worried for his safety. 

“I apologize I cannot stay much longer as I have important business to take care of, my dear. I shall return to you before the night’s end to see you to sleep.” Edgar gave Lily a peck on the lips. 

“Please don’t be long, my love.” Lily wiped the tears from her eyes.

Edgar smiled. “Of course not. You two make yourselves at home. Take anything you need, our servants are at your disposal.” He went out into the hallway and gently closed the door behind him.

Lily sat on the edge of the bed with her head down. Valerie sat at her side. “He always seems too busy for you.”

“Edgar is the oldest son in the family and is set to take over the business one day. The man has so much to learn and do. He will always be busy, but I shall always be eagerly awaiting his embrace.” Lily fell back and smiled.

Valerie wanted to say more only to bite her tongue before the words came. It was not the time to bring up such unpleasant business such as an inattentive, insensitive fiancé who is much too preoccupied with his business to be with his future wife who, by the by, had just lost her father. Such a subject would only bring about more pain to Lily and Valerie decided to keep her mouth shut on the subject.

“You just---” Lily seemed lost in thought for a moment.” We just need to trust Edgar. He has given us a place to stay and he will take good care of our family while we’re here. I know he will take good care of me in the future.”

Valerie looked away. “My trust is hard earned.”

“He will protect us.” Lily crawled across the bed, spun to her back, and went to sleep.

A few doors down, Marden Perry, a plump man in his forties, with a neatly kept, full beard, and greying short tan hair, paced the room anxiously. He stopped to point at Edgar who had just entered. “You should have never let them in here, boy. They will bring us nothing but trouble.”

“What else was I to do, father?” I couldn’t possibly tell her that she and her family had to live in the streets like beggars.”

“I’ve heard rumors the fire that took the family business was not by accident. Someone is targeting them, and now that they are here, we will be caught in the crossfire.”   

“You don’t know that.” 

Marden took Edgar by the collar and pulled him to his face. “Do not tell me what I do or do not know, boy. You have not lived long to even have the slightest clue as to what you are talking about. You will fix your mistake.” He released Edgar then turned his gaze out the window.

“Well what do you want me to do about it now?”

“You know what you must do.”

“What about Lily?”

“Lily and their family have lost all their worth and status in that fire. She is no longer a suitable wife for my eldest son. There are plenty more fetching noblewomen in the city that would give everything to join our family.”

Edgar remained silent.

“Is that clear? If not, your brother Alex would be a fine replacement for you as head of the family business.”

“Yes father, quite clear.” Edgar said defeated.

“There’s a good lad. Now leave me, and do not return until you have solved our problem.”

Edgar nodded and left the room.


From high above the city, standing on the balcony outside the king’s chamber, stood Alvar, staring up at the starry night sky. He felt like he had been standing higher than ever before, but felt disappointed the stars seemed just as far away as they’ve always been. Below were countless houses with dots of light which trailed all the way out to the farthest walls of the city. Bleik had twelve closely knit families living in it, while Alvar could never have guessed the number of people living in the city of which he was looking over at that moment. 

Eventually Alvar’s thoughts, as was always the case, turned to Valerie. He chose not to go to the coliseum the day her father fought the Death Knight, though he knew of the outcome. He couldn’t escape the feelings of guilt that had gnawed at him since. One moment he felt as if he had done a most wonderful thing; his actions had gained him trust of an Elder Dragon, he saved the stronghold of Lorolt from a deadly dragon, and he had given the Dragon Amulet to the man who overthrew the selfish King Prian. Then he dwelled on the fact that Richter had let one of the black knights live and seemed to allow the man to do whatever he pleased. The more he thought about it, the more the boy wanted to abandon his chosen hero.

The creak of the chamber door alerted the boy to Richter’s presence. 

“Alvar, what are you doing here?”

Alvar didn’t even turn to face him. “I apologize, your highness. I only wanted to get a better view of the stars on this pleasant and clear night.”

“That’s Richter to you, Alvar.” The king patted him on the back. “No need to apologize. You are welcome to go wherever you please.”

Alvar couldn’t think of what to say to Richter. He just listened to the waves as they gently hit the rocks below. 

“You look good in that mantle, Alvar. Like an official kings right-hand. Maybe we should cut your hair a bit shorter though, it kind of sticks up and flows wildly with the breeze.”

Alvar remained silent.

“We can work on that later.” Richter cleared his throat. “So tell me, what bothers you tonight?”

Alvar wanted to tell him how he disapproved of everything the black knight did, and wished him away. It was Richter’s call and the boy didn’t want to say anything that would give him the impression of disrespecting the king’s judgment. The guilt of inaction would consume him, so he knew he wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he chose not to protest. Only two words escaped his lips. “Death Knight.”

Richter let out a long sigh and leaned on the balcony’s edge next to Alvar. “I'll admit being king of Myalune has so far given me so much more challenge than I had anticipated. I never could have imagined it was in such a sad state. Sleep is scarce for me as my mind is always busy with the woes of the city. And yes, I may have made a mistake trusting in that knight.”

Alvar looked at Richter. “You may have?”

Richter nodded. “If you could have a powerful ally or destroy him, what would you do?” 

Alvar considered his words.

Richter put his hand on the boy’s shoulder. “I would hate to lose such an advantageous boon as the knight. However, he has done wrong and I have too by allowing my own fear of public disapproval, along with all the stress I have endured these past days overcome me. I trust you to do the right thing, but I do not trust that man. 

“What can we do about it?” Alvar could feel the weight being lifted off his shoulders.

“I need to stay here and speak with people of import. I ask you to watch that knight, if he would harm someone, then I need you to let me know so we can put a stop to it.”

“It will be done.”  Alvar said with a smile.


Landric dropped the hatchet down, splitting the last piece of wood in half. After he piled it up by the house he figured he’d go out and bring back dinner for Azria. The hunter was so engrossed in his quest to restore Kaia that he had done nothing to earn any coin and was broke. Lucky for him, Azria was kind enough to take him in, and he certainly wouldn’t leave the favor unreturned. He sat on the stump, took strip of cloth from his satchel and wiped the sweat from his brow. 

The pond near Azria's house glittered like gold in evening light. A gentle breeze cooled Landric as he sat for a while, taking in the sounds of the bird songs and rustle of the leaves of the trees that concealed Megara’s home.

He noticed Azria's had stood in the open doorway of her home watching him work for the last couple of minutes. 

“If you’re too hot, feel free to take off your tunic. I won’t mind.” She sang.

“I’m fine, thank you.” Landric scratched his head. “Can I talk to you for a moment?”

“Of course.” Azria strolled over and plopped herself down by his side. 

“I was thinking of hunting something to eat, but then I thought about your bond with animals.”

“And?”

“Well, I’d be taking the life of a creature with which you can communicate. Doesn’t that disturb you?”

“Not at all. One taking the life of another for survival is nature in its rawest state. As long as the kill isn’t for sport, you are only doing what is natural. I see that as the way it is and always will be.”

Landric laughed. “Now I feel better. I wasn’t sure if you resented me for my way of life.”

“Don’t be silly. I completely understand and I very much enjoy your company.” Azria smiled wide as she slowly rocked from side to side.

“Well then, I shall look in the outskirts of the forest and return with something to make a meal of.”

“And I shall prepare it.”


Valerie was just falling asleep when a scream rang through the house. She shook Lily who had been sleeping beside her. “Wake up!”

“Wha-- what?” 

“I heard a scream.” Valerie rolled out of the bed, and then took her sword from the end table. Lily found a thin iron rod used to support a mannequin’s frame. They heard heavy footfalls approach from behind their door. 

“Is it him? Did he find us?” Lily asked nervously.

Valerie hushed her. “Go by the window.” 

The footsteps stopped. Valerie couldn’t be sure if the intruder turned away or just stood in front of their door.

With a sudden crash the door violently flung off its hinges and there before them was Richter’s Death Knight, with crimsoned edged scythe in hand. “Just two more Griffon’s left in this city now.” His deep voice echoed from within his dark armor. “Myalune will soon be free of your filth.”

As he approached, Valerie took the iron bar Lily was holding and threw it through the window behind them. Hurriedly, she then used the sheath of her sword to clear out the debris, then took Lily by hand and fled out the window. The escape had left them with only with minor cuts and bruising. The knight wasn’t afraid to hop out from the second floor to continue the pursuit. 

“Where are we going?” Lily cried, following Valerie as best she could in the dimly lit streets. 

“We are leaving the city.” Valerie navigated through the streets as best she could in the darkness. It wasn’t long before they were out of the city. “We’ll lose him in the forest.”

They ran until Lily couldn’t anymore. They took refuge under a small outcrop in hopes they would lose their pursuer. It wasn’t until morning when Valerie felt comfortable enough to come out of hiding. Just as they were crawling out, Valerie heard something, so she pushed Lily back and rejoined her in hiding.

“What’s wrong?” Lily whispered.

“Someone’s out there.”

She listened and at first heard the rustle of leaves in the wind along with birdsong, and then she heard twigs snap and boots brush through the tall grass. The sound came closer. Valerie looked at Lily in the shade with a terrified expression. She hugged her cousin for possibly one last time and carefully drew her sword.

A shadow of a man came into view, approaching from Valerie’s right. Valerie judged the knight’s location by his shadow and in a desperate attempt at an ambush; she blindly lunged out, screaming. She barely missed him and landed flat on the ground as vulnerable as she could be. 

“What’s wrong with you, Valerie?” Why are you even out here?” Landric took her hand and helped her to her feet.

“Landy!” Lily tackled the hunter. “Thank goodness it’s you.”

“Well, who else would I be?”

Valerie glanced at Lily with a smirk. “How did you find us, Landric?”

“I was looking for a suitable location to hunt when I saw your tracks.”

“Tracks?”

“Yes, everything leaves some kind of trail; I’d have a difficult job finding game if they didn’t.”

“What if he could find us too by following our trail?”

“So there was a third?” Landric mused.

A cold chill ran down Valerie’s spine. “A third what?”

“A large man by the look of it. His trail went on a slightly different path. I followed yours thinking you were a couple of a lost youth.”

“It has to be him, the Death Knight. He busted in our room at Edgar’s home. There were screams, and blood on his scythe. He said we’re the last of the Griffons. We escaped but we were sure he followed us into the forest.”

“Obviously he didn’t catch the subtleties of your path and went the wrong way.” Landric turned his head. “Who’s there?”

“Did you hear something?” Landric didn’t look at her; his teal eyes were intensely scanning the hillside in front of him.

It wasn’t long before the knight emerged. “Nicely done, hunter. You did my work for me in finding these two pieces of human rubbish.” He readied his scythe. “Now to finish this.”

In a flash, Landric had his bow in hand, arrow strung and ready to fire. “Be gone before I am forced to shoot.”

The knight erupted in laughter. “Do you not have eyes, hunter? Is your intention on placing a small dent in my armor which covers me from head to toe?”

“No, but I do intend to shoot an arrow through that slit in your helmet.”

“Ridiculous, even the best archer couldn’t make such a shot.”

“Are you willing to bet an eye on it?”

The knight stood silent for a moment. 

Valerie cried out. “Do it Landric, drive an arrow deep into his sickened brain!”

“I’ll take my chances.” The knight raised his weapon, using the blade as a shield for his eyes.

“Stop.” A voice came that Valerie hadn’t heard in a while.

Valerie felt both relief and anger after she heard that voice. Behind the knight stood Alvar, wearing a noble robe, with neatly combed hair. It was the first time Valerie seen his wild hair tamed. He pointed at the knight with Aurelius.

The knight turned around. “You? Why are you here, boy?”

“King Richter asked me to keep an eye on you. Good thing too. You seem to be under the impression you can just go running around killing whomever you please.”

“But I can, boy. You may witness firsthand.” The knight charged Alvar. The boy watched him come, until suddenly the knight stopped, the blade of his scythe swung inches from Alvar’s face.”

“You missed.” Alvar said, unflinching.

“What is this?” The knight struggled to break his legs free of a magic block of ice.

“That is the gift of the Elder Dragon Argus.”

“What?!” He spat the words. “How did a simple boy like you acquire such power?”

“I stayed the night with the Master of Dragons and after completing his trials, he deemed me worthy of this staff.”

The knight belted out an intimidating roar. “Unbelievable! That fool, Richter gains unimaginable power from a boy who is able to render me powerless with a mere turn of his magic branch. All the pain, the hell that I went through to earn my armor, and you pathetic lot are just handed superior trinkets. The knight looked at his weapon then at the boy.

“If you raise your weapon, I will engulf you in fire.” Alvar warned.

The Death Knight did just that and as Alvar’s staff ignited in flame, the knight threw his scythe to the ground with enough force for it to stand on its blade. “Very well.” The knight said bitterly. “It was only a matter of time before this world turned on me again. Do it then. Kill me. I am more than ready to die.”

Alvar studied the Knight then waved his staff, causing the ice to melt and the knight to fall on his knees. “No. You will leave these lands, never again to return.”

Valerie knew the boy wasn’t all there. She ran to him and put her hands on his shoulders and tried to shake some sense into him. “Alvar, are you serious? He killed my family and who knows how many others. He will kill again, I know it.”

“He will not.” The boy turned to the knight. “If you do return, I will find you, and then I will burn you slowly, but never enough to kill you.”

Valerie backed away. She was glad Alvar took a stern stance with the knight, but was shaken by such a grisly threat from the sweet boy she once knew.

“I will gladly leave. I am sick of this disgusting land and its people.” The knight retrieved his scythe. As he vanished out of sight his voice echoed through the trees. “I hope you all burn to death in dragonfire.” 

“First you give Richter the relic and now this. What is wrong with you, Alvar?”

“Calm down, Valerie.” Landric separated the two. “Do you know why I didn’t shoot the knight before Alvar showed up?”

“You lied to him that you could actually make such a shot?”

Landric slid his hand down his face. “I am not ready to take another person’s life and I don’t think Alvar is either.”

“So? He would have killed us.”

“Have you ever taken a man’s life, Valerie?

She didn’t have an answer; she knew her silence gave her away.

“I didn’t think so. It’s not so easy, is it?”

She never knew why it happened, but suddenly all of the death, betrayal, and chaos nearly overwhelmed her. With the thoughts of so many loved ones lost, it nearly seemed her pride no longer mattered. All eyes were on her, though she kept it together, barely. She wasn’t about to let out all of the pent up emotions in front of her friends. 

Valerie swallowed hard her bitter sorrows. “Let’s go.”

* * *

They had been out all day, Landric hunting small game and the others caught a good haul of fish from a river the hunter knew of in the forest. The line of trees that cloaked Azria’s home was in sight. Landric was content they had enough food for everyone, but was unsure if Azria would be comfortable with allowing so many strangers into her home without warning. His friends might even run at the sights and smells of the woman’s home. The situation would only be temporary after all. He had let them know to stay out of sight so he had time to explain everything.

Titan lay outside the home, lifted his head when Landric approached. The hunter worried the bear would smell the others but the beast dropped his head and closed his eyes. The door was open a crack and Landric knocked.

“Come in.”

Landric was shocked when he entered the home. The house had been straightened out and cleaned thoroughly. Even the malicious odor Landric had braced himself upon entry wasn’t present. 

“What do you think?”

Landric turned and saw her. Azria’s pretty face was unmasked by dirt, her chestnut hair shined in the sunlight from the window, and she wore a clean dress. Her clothing was common garb, but her natural beauty didn’t need fancy material and colors for it to shine. Landric couldn’t help but smile. “You didn’t have to go through all of this trouble.”

“I wanted to.” Azria fidgeted with her hair. “What kind of hostess would I be to make you sleep in a mess?”

Landric was relieved to know his friends wouldn’t mind a stay if Azria did in fact accept them. “The place looks great.” Landric gestured to her. “And you look absolutely beautiful, Azria.”

Azria grinned ear to ear. “Thank you, Landric.”

The two of them sat across form one another at the kitchen table. “Listen, Azria.” Landric cleared his throat. “While I was out, I happened upon some friends of mine who have just been through hell. They lost their home and family and there are few they can trust in the city. Would it be alright if they stay here? It would only be temporary, mind you.”

Azria’s smile vanished and she turned away from him. After a period of silence, Landric knew he was asking too much of this woman, whom had been ridiculed and outcast from her home in the city, left knowing only the company of animals. He felt like a fool for even having asked. “I’m sorry, Azria. I understand completely, and will not burden you with more strangers.”

“No.” Azria faced him. “I can’t possibly turn away people in dire need. Besides, if they are your friends, then they must be good people.” Her smile returned.

“Thank you, Azria. Truly I am in your debt.”

Azria waved him away. “I don’t want to hear it. Go on, bring them in, I’d like to meet them.”

Landric signaled the others to the house and each of the new faces had to be inspected by Titan before entering. Landric thought it was humorous to see their expressions as the giant bear sniffed each one, until the hunter’s jaw dropped when he saw Alvar patting the bear on the head like it was some puppy he encountered. 

Soon everyone was introduced and got along well. The girls shared the bed in Azria’s spare room while Landric, Alvar and Azria were sitting at the kitchen table. Alvar and Azria were telling stories of their lives growing up, while Landric holding his head up with his elbows on the table, considering any possible way he could get Kaia back to normal. The dragon had been missing since the day of the fire. He wasn’t overly concerned about her safety, as in her current form, there is no doubt she could fend for herself. 

Landric snapped himself out of his trance when he remembered that it wasn’t polite to zone out in the middle of a conversation.

“You seem like such a nice boy and Titan is very fond of you. You must have made some impression on him.” Azria said.

That was something Landric wanted more information about. “You know, Alvar, Valerie never told me of your bravery. Titan seemed no threat to you and the way you handled the Death Knight, without a flinch or quiver in your voice. I have to say I am impressed.”

“Don’t be.” Alvar relaxed in his chair. “I realized long ago that I was different than everyone else. I have never known fear.”

“I don’t understand.”

“I never knew when to run or hide when danger appeared. I worried my mother sick; she told me to remember to run or hide if I find myself in a dangerous situation, and exactly what those situations were, but most of the time I felt curiosity and excitement.”

“How strange.” Azria said.

“The villagers would tell me I have no common sense, and maybe they were right, but I think feeling fear is part of what gives us common sense.”  

“So your mother taught you the common sense you lacked?” Landric guessed.

“I believe she did.”

“But what about patting a giant bear like it was a dog?” Landric Inquired. 

“No one told me to beware of him, besides all he did was smell Valerie and Lily. Why would he do anything different to me?”

“Good point.” Landric Admitted.

After long hours of conversation, the hostess excused herself from the table and retired to her room. Alvar just sat there in his seat, propping his head up with his hands. He wouldn’t speak and Landric being concerned didn’t want to leave him alone. Obviously something was bothering the boy, but he wasn’t going to talk or maybe he just needed a nudge. Landric never felt right about prying into people’s lives.  “Something bothers me, Alvar. Maybe you could help me understand.”

Alvar returned from his distant world. “Of course.”

“It’s about the knight and what he said as he left.”
 
“May you all burn in dragonfire.” Alvar whispered as he resumed his far-away gaze at the wall.

“Do you know what he meant by that?”

The boy nodded slowly. “Richter told me the dragons were coming.”

Landric snapped forward “Beg--- beg your pardon?”

“He confirmed it with the remaining lords of his lands. Prian made some deal with the Elder Dragon Eris that went bad, and now she has sent her entire brood across the land; destroying every outpost and city on the way until they converge on Myalune.”

Landric needed a moment for all of that to sink in. “There’s no way I’m sleeping tonight.” He groaned. “When do they expect them to arrive?”

“Any day now. Richter has made sure the people in the other towns are properly warned and those who aren’t far to take refuge in Myalune. I think he wants to mobilize every soldier and able bodied man he can get to hold off the dragons’ right outside the big city.”

Landric knew then why he saw all of that siege weaponry being place around the ramparts of the city the day he left for Azria’s. He had a feeling it would take more than the strength of men to defeat a horde of dragons. Richter did seem powerful with his relic, but the hunter had his doubts that it would be enough to stop an Elder Dragon whom the old gods themselves entrusted the world before they departed. “Alvar, would it be possible for you to arrange a meeting for the King and myself?”

Alvar stared at the pen and ink on the center of the table, next to the dancing flame of the lantern. “That depends. Do you know how to write?”

Few people knew how to read and write, especially those from small villages. For as much as Landric despised about his greedy family and their friends he did feel a sense of gratitude for opportunities he had that most other people didn’t. Landric hadn’t put pen to paper in a long time but would enjoy the opportunity to do so, especially at the request of a friend.” I do.”

“Would you mind writing a letter for me? If you do, I promise I will take you to Richter.”

“It would be my pleasure.” Landric slid a piece of parchment in front of him, took the feather pen, dipped it in ink and awaited Alvar’s heavy words.

* * *

Richter sat in the dining hall at a long table across from what remained of the lords of his lands. He gave them two options: stand beside him to fight, or flee, leaving their lord status behind.  At least three lords must have figured their lifestyle was worth the risk. Perhaps they had thought it better for them to die trying to preserve their way of life than live like a vagrant in some foreign land. Or maybe, just maybe, these leaders were men of courage. It really didn’t matter as long as a few remained to assist in rebuilding the country after the dragons are expelled. 

A messenger had arrived from the nearest to warn him that those who stayed were in a hopeless battle to protect their homeland. The dragons would surely reach Myalune by the morrow. The preparations were on the way and the people were getting restless no doubt hearing word of dragon attacks from those who’ve fled and made it to the city. It was time for another one of his speeches; one that would inspire courage and further solidify the perception of his sound leadership.

Before he made any kind of speech he would check on Dale to see if he had come up with anything. He found the man in the midst of clanking glass bottles and bubbling liquids hard at work doing something he’s hoped was worthwhile. Richter never understood exactly what Dale did except that it had potential. “Dale.”

The man halted his work. “King,” he paused a moment. “Richter?”

“Yes, Dale, that is my name. Thank you for making the effort to learn your new king’s name.” Richter said with heavy sarcasm. “Have you made any discoveries or progress that will assist us in felling the dragons?”

Dale eyes circled the room. “I have two ideas; the first being the best course of action, I think.”

“Fantastic. Tell me.”

“You drop that dragon relic you’re wearing into this cauldron, and another Elder Dragon will appear and repel the dragons for us.”

“What Elder Dragon?”

“Prian made me do it.” Dale said ashamed. “We used a scale from Ruby, I mean Eris, to shapeshift the Elder Dragon of Fate into something harmless. We need something of an Elder Dragon’s power to fully change her back.”

“I see.” Richter said slowly. “If I were to give my relic for this cause, would I get it back?”

“It would be destroyed in the process.”

That was a horrible suggestion. “You said you had two ideas? What’s the other?”

“I really think it would be the best course of action.”

“You said that already. We don’t even know this other dragon will help us. She could very well kill us all for what you did to her in the first place. So tell me the second option.”

Dale inhaled deeply. “We will need charcoal, sulfur, and large quantities of niter.”

Richter was baffled as to what he had in mind. “What do you plan on doing with all that?”

Dale pointed skyward dramatically as if he felt like he was putting on a show. “We are going to blast the dragons out of the sky.”

Richter grinned. “I like the sound of that. I will send men to retrieve whatever is on hand at our mines and quarries.”

“We will also need many volunteers to fill sacks with the contents both large and small in size.”

“I will inform the people by midday.” Richter turned to leave and found Alvar standing directly in front of him. He jumped at the surprise. “Alvar, is there something you want, I’m very busy.’

“My friend needs to speak with you.”

Richter leaned to see the hunter standing behind the boy. “You again?”

“It will only take a moment, please.” 

“Very well, what is it?” Richter crossed his arms and leaned against the door. This would be another waste of his time, but for Alvar he’d give this hunter some time to blather on about something useless and then send him on his way.

“I know the dragons are coming and I know they are led by an Elder.”

“I’m happy you are informed. You may go now.”

“Listen, you cannot kill an Elder Dragon.”

“I very much doubt an Elder could kill me at this moment.” The warm pendant around his neck would ensure that.

“Are you willing to take that chance? Are you willing to live even after all of your people perish, so that you may end up as the King of Nothing?”

“We already have devised a plan to take out the brooding’s. I will personally handle Eris if she even shows her scaly face.”

“Let the dragons sort this out themselves. There is one willing to stop Eris, but she needs to be healed.” The hunter said.

“Stop. I don’t need to hear anymore. I already know this one and it is not an option. I will not sacrifice my power for a dragon that may just as well kill us anyway. Alvar, take him to the courtyard and remain there until I give my brilliant rallying speech to the filthy masses. Won’t be long, off you go.” Richter shoved both of them out of the room and closed the door. 

Richter glared at Dale.  “Strange how that hunter’s idea was the same as yours. I don’t suppose you know that man?

Dale shrugged and let a grin slip. Richter rolled his eyes and groaned as he let himself out of the lab.

* * *

The sun shed its warmth from overhead as the castle courtyard was packed with townsfolk waiting to hear the second address of their invincible king. With the royal alchemist by his side, Landric had the opportunity to stand closest to the platform from which Richter would deliver his speech. 

A large man tapped Landric on the shoulder. “Hey! Have you come from the castle? ”

“Yes, that’s right.” Although the answer floating around in Landric’s head was more like: Who are you and why are you talking to me right now? 

The man appeared to be young, had a thick apron and (middle age blacksmith) a blacksmith, no doubt. “What are they going on about in there?” Are we going to war with the Six Cities? I mean it would be good for business in all but uh, I heard about dragons too. Well, is it true then?”

“Is what true?” Landric was dwelling on Richter’s total disregard for the wellbeing of the city and wasn’t in the mood for conversation.”


“That the Six Cities have trained the dragons to attack us as a weapon of war.”

Sometimes we hear things so absurd that we are never really sure if it happened or not. This was one of those times for Landric, though his suspicions were put to rest when he noticed Dale, shaking his head and sighing.

“I’m sure King Richter could explain it better than me. I am merely a hunter in need of approval to hunt in the king’s land.” He lied in hopes that it may speed the whole conversation to its end.

“Oh I see.” The man put a hand on his chin. He looked like he was thinking and it looked like it hurt.

The castle doors opened and out came Richter who was greeted by what Landric thought was over-the-top applause. Richter seemed to bask in the adoration he received, taking his time to signal the crowd to calm so he could speak and be heard. The hunter only crossed his arms and glared at the king. In his mind he would translate what the king most likely was thinking.

“My good people let me first say that I am proud to have such respectful and appreciative subjects.” 

Thank you for fearing me.

“Time is short and I would like to clear the air on a few rumors you may have heard.”

I have some new lies for you and the less time you have to think on them the better.

“We are not at war with the Six Cities.”

We are indeed at war with the Six Cities.

“There is however a pressing matter that must be dealt with.”

Time to panic.

“You may have already heard from some refugees fleeing from other towns that a brood of dragons are rampaging their way toward Myalune.”

That got the crowd in frenzy of fear.

“Calm down.” No one could hear Richter over the crowd. “Silence!” Richter’s voice resonated like that of a giant’s. 

The crowd hushed.

“The red elder, Eris, or as many of you may know her as Ruby, has not only turned her back on us, but is bent on destroying every man woman and child in this kingdom.”

You are all going to die.

“I promise you all today, we will not be exterminated by these vile dragons that have broken their sacred oaths made with the Old Gods. These traitors will be doled death for their heinous crimes against humanity for we have a new weapon. When they arrive, we will literally fight fire with fire, striking fear into their hearts, driving them back outside our beloved city walls to be safely destroyed.”

Nervous murmurs flowed through the crowd.

“Do you not believe me?” Richter pulled out the chain around his neck, holding it out for all to see. “I have the Dragon Relic. My coming has been prophesized. I am the Hero of Legend. Now tell me, will you cower, awaiting death or will you follow me to victory!”

Landric almost jumped out of his skin when the overwhelming cheers ensued. He had no idea what the weapon in which Richter spoke, but at that point he knew there wasn’t really any other option so long as he won’t relinquish the relic.

Richter signaled for silence. “As I said, time is short, so we all must pitch in. Everything will be on hold today. All shops will be closed with exception of those offering food and drink. My alchemist Dale will give instruction to guards as to correct mixtures. The guards will guide all of you and you will inform your families and neighbors what has transpired here.” Richter pointed over the heads of the people in attendance. “To work, for Myalune!”

The crowd dispersed in a frenzy of excitement. Landric shrugged, intended to follow the crowd when Dale took hold of the hunter’s shoulder.

“I have something I’d like you to try.” 

“What is it?” Landric said curiously.

“You’ll see.” Dale grinned mischievously.

* * *

The cool night air refreshed Lily as she worked feverishly to balance and hold open large sacks while Valerie, her only remaining family, shoveled the heavy, filthy rock and ash inside. If she were to get anything done, she needed to forget about the loss and betrayal that burned in the back of her mind, or at the very least use it as her strength to complete her task. There would be time to mourn and confront those who wronged her, but that time was not at hand, not yet. 

Lily took a moment to take in her surroundings. Volunteer citizens were lined up and down the streets doing the exact same thing. Awaiting donkey cart loads of raw materials. After a short period of time, men would come by and load up the carts with full sacks. The city ramparts were lined with catapults and trebuchets, with men preparing and testing the range of each siege weapon. She worried about Landric being stationed up there, waiting to do his part, along with the hundred or so bowmen who were brave enough to fight with little to no cover.

Then it happened.  

Warning bells rang out from the nearby south tower, Lily’s entire body began to quake with dread. Another bell rang out from a distance. It wasn’t long before the ringing came from all sides of the city.

Most of the citizens broke out in a frenzied panic. Mothers were scrambling for their children, most running to an abandoned chapel. The men hastily finished filling and tying up what they had left into the sacks and dumped them on the carts before taking refuge with their families.

“Let’s finish this.” Valerie said as if it was going to be a sure thing.

“Sorry.” Lily snapped back into action, tying up the last sack and dragging it to the guards for collection. “What do we do now?”

“You are to hide in anything sturdy and made of stone.” Valerie unsheathed her sword.

“You have to be joking.” Lily pointed to the naked blade. “What do you hope to accomplish? Do you intend on supplying the dragon with a toothpick, so it may clean its teeth of your flesh?”

“Relax, Lily. There are bound to be smaller dragons that deserve a good running-through.”

Before Lily could answer, Valerie already ran off, over the southern bridge. Why did her cousin’s recklessness continue to shock her? As much as she wanted to run and hide, she just couldn’t let Valerie go off on her own. The Innkeeper’s daughter didn’t know how to fight, but at least she could watch out for her cousin. 

A dragon’s screech echoed through the city, petrifying Lily. The instinct to just survive was too great for her to follow Valerie. She knew she would fail her cousin and be thought of as a coward and she didn’t care. She curled up like a ball and wept until a burning sensation in the back of her mind ignited. The pain and realization of those she recently lost reminded her of what was most important to her in life; the well-being of family comes before oneself. 

Lily found her courage, enabling her to move again. She ran through the south gate and over the bridge in search of the reckless, red-headed warrior.

Only moments after crossing the bridge, Lily heard another screech followed by a powerful gust of wind. She looked up and witnessed a dozen or so dragons flying into the city. She didn’t understand why the archers weren’t firing on them. Through the south gate she saw flames engulf homes lining the streets.

“Why aren’t you stopping them?” She shouted with futility to the top of the ramparts.

A ball of fire was thrown from the top of the wall.  Streams of smoke trailed behind until it burst into a blinding flash and a vibration she felt run through her. The catapults were firing from the West and East walls. She didn’t know what it was they were pelting the dragons with, but whatever it made contact with, a fiery explosion ensued.

It seemed the men on the catapults were doing as much damage to the city as the dragons. Desperate times she concluded as she cramped herself under the bridge. The dragons were flustered and hovered in the center of the city. Blasts then came from the north side to join the occasional explosions from the west and east. The dragons moved south until they were flying back out to the field where a few more catapults and ballistae were set. 

The enraged beasts were fast returning to the city when a volley of arrows rained down from the south wall. The sky soon filled with small blasts and smoke, just like the catapults but smaller and more accurate. Some dragons tumbled to the ground; others were directly hit in their underbelly and erupted in a flash of white light and a rush of wind, leaving nothing of the dragon behind. 

The air was acrid with the smell of burnt sulfur leaving a bitter taste in Lily’s mouth. She scanned the battlefield for Valerie, but couldn’t make much out between the blasts of light and fire. The world was flashing before her eyes, disorienting her. Finally she found a consistent source of light and ran to it. As she neared its source what she found was the boy, Alvar, the Draconic Mage who was felling more beasts than any other man out there.

Alvar was a beacon of hope on the battlefield. When men fell, more would rush in to assist the boy whom quickly turned any nearby dragon to easy prey. He did it in rotations; extinguishing their breath with water, then binding it with ice around their feet. Warriors would finish off the little drakes while the nearby ballistae would end the adults. 

As awful as Lily found all the fighting, she found beauty among the carnage. The dancing flames aglow, Alvar’s magic shards of ice glittering in the moonlight, flashes of white light from the release of dragon souls, and the fiery explosions of the ignited black powder. A dragon slammed into the ground on its backside, nearly hitting Lily as it slid to a halt, freeing her from the trance. The beast’s belly smoldered with glowing embers. The very sight of the dragon sent shivers down her spine yet, she was intrigued to see such a creature so close. She felt compelled to examine it closer; it didn’t seem to be breathing. Her shaking hand touched a scale and she ran her fingers down the beast’s side. She never imagined it would feel so smooth and hard, like polished steel. She ran excitedly to the creature’s head. The eyes were rolled up in its sockets. The snout was long and pointed. Its horns were black and spiraled behind its head. Lily placed her hand on the top of the dragon’s head, admiring its beauty. 

“Hey, girlie! Get away from that thing, it’s dangerous.” A city guard was running furiously towards her.

She peered over the dragon’s body; it didn’t seem a threat to her.

“Dragons never look dead, they either exist or don’t.”

What was that supposed to mean? Then Lily remembered that all of the dragons, once slain, would throw off a blinding flash of light, before turning to dust. This one was still here. She thought it may be best to get away. As she removed her hand a deep rumbling emanated from within the beast. She screamed and jumped backward as an amber eye focused on her. The dragon struggled to its feet and was soon over Lily, stunned with fear on the ground with her arms over her head. 

The dragon had its maw wide open ready to bite down when the guardsman plowed into the head, shield first. The dragon shrieked and its belly began to glow like a red hot furnace. The breath of fire was coming.

The guard knelt behind his shield. “Run, girl!”

Lily was still frozen in fear. The fire was coming out of the beast’s mouth when a blast of water pushed it back down its throat. The water turned to ice, freezing the dragon’s feet in place before the guard.

“Get it, right below the neck.” Alvar shouted.

The guard sprung to his feet and thrust his sword deep inside the dragon’s neck. Light emitted from the wound followed by a blast of energy, throwing the guard on his back. It didn’t seem to faze him as he was back on his feet nearly as fast.

Alvar helped Lily to her feet. “What are you doing out here?”

“I know this is going to sound silly but,” It wasn’t until mid-sentence that what she knew how ridiculous it sounded. She shrugged and figured she might as well let him know how foolish she had been. “I just wanted to look after Valerie. Have you seen her?”

“Lily, please don’t take this the wrong way, but I think you should take shelter.”

“She’s--- she’s all I’ve got.” Lily pleaded desperately.

“Valerie is important to all of us. She’s a brave, beautiful woman and an expert with a sword. She has it all. So wonderful.” Alvar leaned on his staff and had a look on his face as if he were in another world, far away from the current carnage surrounding him.

Lily was disturbed by the fact someone could be swooning over a person who isn’t even present, in the middle of a raging battle. “Alvar, my cousin needs help.” She shook the boy by his shoulders, ripping him free from the clutches of his daydream.
 
“Listen, Lily, you don’t even have a weapon, and even if you did, I know you haven’t been trained in combat. Think about how Valerie feels; you are all she has left too, and you’re out here putting yourself in harm’s way with no way to defend yourself.”

Alvar was right, she felt like a complete idiot. Good intentions were not always enough to give someone what they need.

“I’ll find Valerie and protect her in any way I can. I promise. Please, go back into the city. The dragons are unable to get past the walls right now, it’s the safest place.”

“Thank you.” Lily hugged the boy tightly and ran back into the city.

Alvar heard a nearby catapult launch a sack of powder directly over his head. The explosive hit its target, a dragon nearly as tall as the city walls. Unlike the others, this one remained in the sky; it only dropped slightly before it regaining control of itself. It approached the catapult, roared fiercely and incinerated it with a stream of liquid fire. A stockpile of black powder was also engulfed in flame. A massive explosion followed, blowing the beast out of the air and onto the battlefield with a quake. It wasn’t far from Alvar so he ran to it knowing the men would need his help.

The dragon had landed on its side and for the moment, was still. It was so large Alvar couldn’t see over the thing so he went around to its front side. He found Valerie arguing with a couple of soldiers. 

“What are you waiting for; this thing needs to die now.” Valerie pointed her sword at the dragon.

“Because the blast of energy from its death may be enough to kill us.”

“I know that. A dragon this size leveled Lorolt. I know because I was there. Now if you don’t think one our lives are worth the risk to save hundreds, you are an idiot.”

The dragon groaned and shifted slightly.

“We have to do something now.” Valerie demanded.

The soldier hesitated. “I have a family to think of.”

“Don’t we all.” Valerie snapped back. “That’s why we are doing this. If you’re not man enough to take a risk, then I suggest you all back away and let a woman do it.” Valerie stepped toward the dragon, gave the men a few moments to get away, readied her deathblow and thrust at the dragon’s neck. Her sword stopped short of its flesh as Alvar had her arm frozen in place.

Valerie turned her head to see Alvar pointing Aurelius at her. She gave him a look. And if looks could kill, Alvar would have been dead five times over. “Alvar, you dolt! What do you think you’re doing?”

“Saving your life.”

“This isn’t funny. It’s-- it’s quite cold too. Do you mind?” The question sounded more like a demand.

Alvar cleared his mind and the ice melted. “If anyone should be making this sacrifice it is me.”

“Why is that?” She said.

“I am not afraid to face death.”

“That’s supposed to be your excuse? I don’t think so.”

“Like you said, we have to do something.”

Another familiar voice joined the argument. “I know what to do so stop arguing and run.” Landric grabbed both by their arms and pulled them to where the soldiers were watching.

Valerie pushed one of the men. “What were you doing just standing here? Waiting for a show?

The soldier’s eyes shifted away. “Well, I--”

Landric readied a rather fat looking arrow.

Valerie scoffed. “You can’t kill it with an arrow; it’ll never go deep enough.” 

“This one will. Alvar, if you would.”

Alvar noticed the fuse hanging from the sack tied to the arrow, stared right back at Landric and smiled. “Of course.” Alvar closed his eyes and concentrated. Too much fire and the thing would blow up in Landric’s face. He thought for a moment then dwelled on Valerie calling him a dolt for saving her life. 

It worked.

A small flame ignited at the tip of his staff. He lit the fuse and watched. The dragon began to stir. Landric continued to line up his shot. 

“It’s lit you know.” Valerie said as matter-of-factly. “You can fire that anytime now.” Valerie backed away from the hunter, followed by the soldiers that were with them. Alvar remained next to him, knowing the fuse had enough length left.

A few more moments and Landric let loose. The arrow stuck the dragon in its long neck just below the head, a near perfect shot. It wailed and managed to get back on all fours; it beat its enormous wings and took to the sky. The arrow’s fuse fizzled out, Landric gasped in defeat, and then the arrow's blast blew the dragon’s head off of its body. A blinding white light followed, and it was then that Alvar understood that he would need to adjust his distance if he were to stay grounded while fighting such large dragons. He did, however, take small comfort in knowing that he shared his flight with close friends.

* * *

They relished the win, but the victory was short lived as they looked around to find the battlefield littered with the fallen and the dragons over the city were still wreaking havoc.

Valerie cried. “We have to go back into the city”

“We can’t fight them while they are in the sky.”

“So what do we do then?”

The remained silent for a moment. Alvar didn’t know how they could possibly fight them all off. There had to be at least a dozen fire-breathers over the city. All they could really do is watch the city burn from a safe distance.

“We wait for the experts.” The voice was a surprise to everyone. The king sneaked into the conversation so quickly, and without a sound, taking the boy by surprise.

“What are you doing here? You should be fighting for your country.” Valerie said sourly.

“I have been, took a few of them down myself. By the way, well done dispatching that big one. However with our siege weaponry and black powder gone, we need to wait.”

“Wait for what, death?”

Richter looked southward into the blackness of the night. He never answered her, but Alvar soon knew why. Little flickers of light rose from over the horizon.

Richter laughed triumphantly. “I knew they couldn’t resist.”

Alvar still couldn’t make out what was coming. “Who couldn’t resist what?”

“The people of the Six Cities despise dragons of any kind. They believe the beasts took this world from the gods and are only spreading disease across the land. So you have this.” Richter motioned to the fast approaching force on horseback. Dragon’s Bane, or the Slayers; an elite force of men who have dedicated their lives to the extinction of all dragons.”

“I thought the Six Cities would rather see us all die in dragon fire than help.”

“Funny story. Myalune and the Cities were at odds for centuries. Old family feuds, you see. Since we’ve taken one of the family’s out of power, there is no reason we cannot, at the very least, ally ourselves to battle a common enemy.”

“It all still seems too convenient.” Valerie said doubtfully.

“Well, a gesture of goodwill was required.” Richter smiled.

“And what was that?”

A horseman reared up before them. He was a huge mass of muscle encased in dragon scales. He held a large blue crossbow in his hand with a small blue chain dangling from the butt with a generous length to the back of the arrow. The tip of the arrow wasn’t a typical triangular point, it looked to be a giant fang or a claw; once a dragon’s Alvar guessed. On top of his head he wore a fractured dragon skull banded together by leather strips.

A feint deep rumbling growl came from behind Landric. Alvar nearly forgot about the dragon-wolf that followed the hunter like a shadow.

Richter turned to Landric. “Are you making strange noises?”

“Sorry. It’s just been so long since I ate.” The hunter put a hand to his stomach as if he needed a visual display to solidify his lie.

Richter shook his head then tore off a piece of flaky bread from his pouch and tossed it to the hunter. “Well then, eat that and stop embarrassing yourself.”

The gesture pleased Alvar. This was a side of Richter few rarely saw.

“Aha! Commander Eryk, So good of you to come.” Richter said heartily.

“We’ll speak later, Ratking.” The man said with spite.

“Ho, I’m so much more than that these days.” Richter put his hands on his hips and puffed his chest out.

“I care not” The horseman averted his gaze. “Tell me where the dragons are so we can put all of this to an end.”

Richter shrugged. “Oh, well, I’m not entirely certain, but if I were you, maybe I’d start with that great big city over there. You know, the one engulfed in flame and smoke, with great big flying lizards torching the place.”

Eryk cleared his throat “Right. When this is done, you will deliver on your promise.”

“Of course, that is, if you all survive.” Richter added.

Eryk’s men erupted in laughter. The commander gestured to silence his men, hushing them immediately. “A dozen or so reds? This is nothing compared to some of the nests we’ve cleared.”

“I’m sorry.” Landric raised a hand. “May I ask how you are covered in dragon scale and fangs when a dragon seems to disintegrate upon death?”

“Simple, we carefully flay them alive until we get what we want until they die from loss of blood or general trauma.” The man said cheerfully.

“I see and...” Landric wearily pointed to the commander’s helmet.

“That is my prized trophy. Took years to get a complete set of skull pieces when the things kept dying before I could even get a decent chunk out.”

Richter stepped between the two. “Excuse me, but my city is burning to the ground.”

“Right.” Eryk pulled a piece of hollowed bone out of his satchel, put it to his mouth and with a hand fluttering over the end, he blew into it belting out a loud dragon-like cry. As if to answer the call, the dragons left the city, fast approaching the horsemen.

“You all may want to find a good place to hide.”  He turned to his men and pointed at the winged threat and shouted, “Death to the Dragons!”

The men kicked their horses, charging furiously toward the descending dragons. Eryk was in the lead and the first to fire his crossbow. The claw tipped bolt found its way deep into the dragon’s chest. Eryk turned his mount round and tore off, ripping the bolt from the dragon right before it turned into dust. Only a flash in the sky and a strong gust of wind followed the beast’s death and the commander charged off, in search of another notch in his belt.

A second man took aim of a dragon heading for Alvar who stood there unworried. The bolt cut through its leathery webbed wing, and swung around its arm, shredding it as the knight pulled back the chain, sending it spiraling to the ground. A man heavily armored in scale rode to the felled beast. In one hand he held a blue spear with a tip similar to the one Alvar saw on the bolts, only larger. In the other hand he held a sturdy shield with a long point at the bottom. The spearman hopped off his mount, thrust the spear into the dragon’s chest. As he pulled the weapon out he slammed the pointed end of the shield deep in the ground and knelt and seemed to lean against it to safely deflect the shockwave. Only instead of taking to the air like Valerie and Alvar did, his large heavy shield was anchored deep enough into the ground to remain in place.

Alvar thought of the time Valerie saved his life in Lorolt using a similar strategy she thought of on the fly. He turned and smiled at the warrior who seemed stunned by the spectacle of such efficient dragon slaying.

A dragon swooped low and picked a knight off of his horse, taking him skyward. It was a safe bet the dragon would release him when it deemed high enough for a fatal drop and the knight figured that as well. He stabbed the dragon with his spear in an attempt to take it down with him. Alvar felt a moment of clarity and held aloft Aurelius, sending forth a breeze that turned into a rush of wind, slowing the man’s fall. The knight hit the ground with a thud and was back on his feet within moments.

A pair of riders sped past Alvar with a small, grounded dragon in tow. They spread apart enough so that the two could ride on one side of a mature oak tree while slamming the beast into it and ripping out the bolts that were stuck in its side. Another executioner with a tipped shield and spear finished the job.

The knights were winning. Richter contributed as an executioner when there wasn’t one readily available. Alvar would watch his king deliver the final blow, then try his best to keep his eye on Richter as he was blasted backwards, unharmed thanks to his relic. 

The fighting came to an end. The only thing to be seen in the sky was the rising sun. The Dragon Knights followed Richter to the castle with Alvar close behind. The city looked like a foreign disaster area. The townsfolk came out of hiding and along with the remaining guards, went to work extinguishing fires and clearing rubble. Dale stood in front of the castle gates, holding the doors open for Richter and company. The men followed the King of Myalune to his throne, impatiently waiting for him to get comfortable in his chair.

“All right, Richter. We did our part. Will you fulfill your end of our bargain, or do you wish for the armies of the Six Cities to finish off Myalune?”

“Easy, Eryk. Hasn’t your bloodlust been sated yet?”

“No.” The knight growled.

“It was a more of a rhetorical question. You know what that means, right?”

There was only silence.

“Okay, umm…” Richter looked around the room until he suddenly pointed a finger at Dale. “Dale, will you retrieve this man’s reward.”

Dale seemed to be spacing out until the words must have sunk in. “Oh. I… Yes, I will get that.” 

“So how would you gentlemen feel about our possible alliance? Myalune and the Six Cites combined might to protect our own and repel the villains.”

“It is a possibility, though I personally don’t see why we should ally with a bunch of dragon worshipping weaklings.”

“Times have changed, brave knight. Few of our citizens see the dragons as gods. Considering what just transpired here last night, I don’t think many will.”

“You're still weak.”

“Have you not seen me fight? And I bet you didn’t even notice Alvar save one of your men.”

Eryk turned to his men. “Is that true? Who was it?” He asked accusingly.

A man raised his hand. “Was me Commander, a dragon took me off my feet and---”

Eryk punched the man in the face with his gauntlet clad fist. “You were spared by the weak. When we return, you will be dismissed from your post until you have found a way to redeem yourself.”

“Alvar is far from weak. Sure, he may look like a girly bean pole, but in truth he is a mighty mage with the power to summon the elements.”

“It’s true. He evoked a strong wind that shot straight upwards to slow my fall.” The assaulted knight said, still on the floor, massaging his bruising with his fingers.

“Silence, weakling.” Eryk kicked the knight in his side. “I will not have you waste my time with such foolery.” 

Dale cleared his throat as he entered the hall with Prian in chains. Richter jumped off of his throne and put his arm around Prian’s shoulder. “Gentlemen, I present to you, the last of the Myalune family: Prian Myalune himself.” They didn’t need to know about Palmyra.


“You have to be kidding me.” Prian lamented.

“As we agreed, your assistance defeating the dragons in exchange for Prian.”

Eryk laughed under his breath as he approached Prian stopping short inches from his face. “My lords will reward me well when they see your weasel face.”

Richter wedged himself between the two. “You haven’t earned him yet.” He said cheerfully.

Eryk’s face turned red with rage. “Are your dragons not dead?”

“I brought him out here to show you that he is here and waiting for you. There is one more dragon. The dragon responsible for this attack. A very old and powerful dragon.”

Eryk's scowl soon turned to awe. “Are you telling me that you’ve earned the wrath of a---”

“Dragon god? Indeed.” Something about finishing a person’s sentence gave Richter joy.

“You mean an elder, as in ancient, decrepit, winged lizard. Still, you have earned a shred of my respect for not only enraging this old dragon, but actually bringing it to me and my men for disposal. Where is it?” You could hear the crimson eagerness in his voice.

“Good question. We know she desired all of us dead. She sent so many of her children after us, a fair amount were probably killed on the way through their destructive rampage here. The rest, of course, killed on these grounds. I imagine she will show herself soon and she will most likely be a tad irritable. I have a few men on the lookout for her atop the walls, though I'm aware it matters not. She will make herself known soon enough.” Richter got comfortable on his throne.

* * *

In less than twenty-four hours, warning bells rang out across the city. The citizens made a panicked return to shelter. Richter took Prian to the open fields along with the Slayers in hopes of catching Eris’ attention before she would fly into the city. 

Alvar’s curiosity got the best of him and trailed the king and his company. He remembered feeling safe encased in his own magic ice and that Argus was supposed to be the most powerful of all the dragons. He probably could withstand an assault from this dragon as well. As he neared the south gate, Alvar could hear the beating of enormous wings. He slowed his pace when he saw Richter and the Slayers stop suddenly at the end of the bridge. The slow rhythmic pumping of the dragon’s wings blew in gusts of wind with each beat. He crept under the outer wall of the city with his eyes at the tip of the portcullis, expecting to see the dragon at any moment. 

The boy stepped out into the sunlight and saw her. 

He imagined the dragon to be a twisted, vile creature, but to his astonishment, what he saw was the most beautiful beast he had ever seen. When she landed on all fours, her narrow head was nearly level with the curtain wall surrounding the city. Her ashen horns curled out over her nose and amber eyes, burning from within. Alvar marveled at how the dragon’s reflective blood-red scales lit up when the sunlight hit each one as if she were made entirely of rubies.

 Eris looked at each man before her until she focused on just one. Out of all of them, only one man seemed worth her attention.

“Prian.” The dragon growled menacingly.

The dethroned king, with hands bound and legs shackled dropped to his knees. “Ruby, please have mercy. I did everything you asked of me.”

“Then tell me why this filth from the south yet live.” The dragon said in a stern, raspy voice.

Richter stepped forward. “I can answer that question for you.” He said politely.

“Who are you?”

“My name is Richter, and I am the shiny new king of this land.” He bowed graciously. “You see, I overthrew Prian and asked some questions of my own.”

Richter paced and gestured thoughtfully as if delivering a lecture to a child who had misbehaved. “I found out a great deal about you. You knew your sister, Kaia, would come to stop your puppet, so you gave the alchemist power over a dragon god to keep her from interfering.”

Richter stopped abruptly, spun on his heel, and then continued. “Then you give them a poison potent enough to kill everyone in the southern cities. How brilliant you must have felt when you promised Prian safety from a dragon-god and an easy victory over the men of the Six Cities when in actuality, you were cutting off all potential help he could have received from his greatest threat, you.”

Eris glared at Richter.

“You think on a grand scale and I appreciate that, I really do, but you failed to see all of the variables that could go wrong with your plan. A professional schemer would have chosen a different course of action.”

“I grow tired of listening to this fool.” Eris looked around. “Where are my children?”

Richter slumped.

Eryk approached the dragon with spear and shield at the ready. “Me and my men killed them all.”

“I wouldn’t say all.” Richter mumbled as he kicked a small stone.

Eris Roared as she turned her attention toward the Commander. “You, the offspring scum of the south, the ungrateful ones who were the first to shun my council and hunt my children for sport. You have forfeited your right to speak, and you will be the first life I shall extinguish today.”

“I think not, foul worm!” Eryk charged the dragon, which remained still as the Slayer viciously threw his spear at her chest. 

Eris laughed as the weapon ricocheted off her scales and dropped harmlessly to the ground. “You really are that ignorant to think you could actually harm a god? Let me show you how your armor is as useless as your weapon.” Eris drew in a large breath, fire illuminating the inside of her belly.

The men scattered in all directions as Eris spewed forth a thick liquid fire. The flame sprayed on the ground, starting from the dragon’s feet and going in a line until it dropped over Eryk. His screams were quickly silenced when white hot pillars of flame shot up from where the liquid had been, incinerating everything in its path.  Just as quickly as the pillars of flames came, they were gone. Only a blackened swath of earth was left behind where Eryk once stood.

It was about that time Richter began to have self-doubts. Fire just wasn’t supposed to work the way the dragon made it. Indeed, she was a god. He grasped the dragon relic around his neck like a life preserver, contemplating if he would have a chance against such a foe. The slayers would only distract her for a short time before she would obliterate Myalune. Richter, after waiting so long, finally attaining the kingly role he knew he deserved, came to the conclusion that if he failed to act, he would soon be king of nothing.

Richter unsheathed his precious jeweled blade and pointed it at the dragon. “Leave us now, dragon, or I shall be forced to end you.” He was glad his words came without quiver, though he didn’t remember the last time he had felt so much fear.

“You are even more foolish than you look.” The fires burned within her and she spat flame in Richter’s direction. It came too quickly. He was covered in the stuff, leaving him as a silhouette of flame over a pool of liquid fire that erupted over him in a flash.

Richter felt no pain. He looked down to his feet to find that not only was he standing in a path of scorched earth, he was completely naked, save for the dragon relic hanging round his neck. What hurt most was the loss of his sword, which could not withstand the incredible heat of her flame.

“How are you still alive, human?” 

Richter rushed Eris, armed only with his fists. He ran under her, clinging to one of her hind legs. He climbed and made it up to her back where he pounded on her scales as hard as he could. The relic gave him enough strength to have made a crack in one of the reflective scales.

Eris threw Richter, bucking him off like an enraged bull. When he hit the ground, Richter on his feet picked up a sword left behind by a fallen soldier and charged her once more. He swung back with all of his strength, and thrust it at the dragon’s belly, only to witness the blade of the weapon shatter like glass. The dragon kicked him away and he only ran back but this time she was ready for him this. She snapped her tail it at him, sending him right through the stone wall of the city.

The dragon called out to Richter. “I know not what enchantment keeps you alive, though you cannot stop me from destroying this city and all who call you king.” She flapped her enormous wings, taking to the sky over the city. She spewed her incinerating fire over the southern side of the city, leaving trails of scorched in her wake. It was like an exploding volcano hovered over the city. 

Richter panicked. At the rate she was going, it wouldn’t take long for her to level the entire city. He felt helpless and out of options. Except. Except that one thing. That one thing he didn’t want to let go. The relic that made his dreams come true, that he had for such a short time. Out of ideas, he ran for the castle as quickly as possible. Along the halls, people sat on the floor sobbing and embracing one another. Dale was there too, waiting for him.

“My King, you must come with me to the lab.” Dale implored.

At first he resented the fact that Dale gave Richter an order, then the alchemist’s value came to mind and after that, the ability to shrug it off came quickly.

The two hurried to the lab where a man stood guard. “Is the hunter still here?” Dale said.

“I---” The guard coughed then looked away. “I believe he is, Sir.”

“Good. Bring him here.”

“As you wish.” The guard bolted down the corridor.

Dale allowed Richter into the lab and shut the doors behind him.

“Okay, so, where are your clothes?” Dale cleared his throat, eyes safely roaming the ceiling. 

“She doused me with that flaming vomit! I imagine that I only stand here as a testament to the relics power.”

Landric entered the room with something in his hands. “Ugh! The guard could have at least warned me you were nude.” Landric averted his eyes as he handed the bundle of clothes to Richter.

“Why else would he send you in with a full set of clothes?” Richter began to dress.

“Why the hell are you naked?” 

“Things happened!”

Dale put himself between the two. “Is Kaia with you?”

“Kaia, are you here?” The hunter looked around the room.

The dragon-wolf revealed herself at Landric’s side.

“If I give up the relic, the people will throw me out of the castle.” Richter said wearily.

“No one knows the relic gave you your power and they won’t know you no longer have it. That secret will not leave this room. Right, Landric?” It was clear Dale wasn’t asking a question.

Landric was silent. He looked at Kaia and let out a long sigh. “If it gets her back to normal and that murderous Eris out of the city, then fine.”

Dale turned to Richter and held out his hand. “They have seen you survive an arrow to the chest and dragon fire. The people will always see you as a great and powerful man not to be reckoned with.”

Richter slid the pendant over his head and reluctantly handed it to Dale. “It’s better than being king of nothing.”

Dale tossed the relic into the boiling cauldron. A flash of light and a sound like wind howling came from the pot. Dale added some strange fluids and stirred. The alchemist took a ladle and poured the mixture into triangular bottle. A few more drops of liquid from other sources, a gentle whisk of the contents, then placed it on the table before him. “Let it cool a little before you dump it down her throat.”

“Let’s take her up to the tower balcony.’ Richter said. “She will need space.”

From the King’s balcony where Kaia was last a dragon, they looked over the smoldering city. The damage wasn’t as bad as Richter thought. They saw Eris in the field diving and breathing fire.

“Someone is distracting her.” Richter squinted, his eyes though it was too far to make out anything smaller that the dragon. “I’ll wager its Alvar.”

Landric knelt beside Kaia and patted her head. “The cure at last.” He looked up at Dale. “I hope.”

The hunter put his forehead against Kaia’s. “This is it, friend.” He raised the vial of strange liquid and slowly poured it into her mouth. 

The men backed away as the balcony filled with a purple fog and from within they heard a thunderous dragon’s roar, one different than Eris’. Shimmering jade scales could be made out from within the dissipating fog. Her long sleek body with her four feathered iridescent wings. She hovered above the balcony for a moment and looked down on the awestruck men. “I will return.” Then she was gone. Landric, Dale and Richter watched from the balcony.

* * *

Alvar raced his jonyx at full sprint away from the city. The last shot of water at Eris’ maw wasn’t enough to stop the flame, but it did get her attention away from the Slayers and city. The dragon quickly overtook Alvar and hit the earth with a boom in front of him. His mount jumped back in surprise, catapulting Alvar a few feet before he kissed the dirt.

“How do you have power over the elements?” The dragon said in a demanding tone.

Alvar dusted himself off and stood before the dragon defiantly. As long as she wasn’t killing anyone at the moment, he was content answering a question. He held the golden, rune etched staff aloft. “This was entrusted to me by your master, Argus.”

“He gave you Aurelius?” Eris said amused. “One of those trinkets the gods left us to give to your kind in case you all faced a dire danger?”

“You.”

What a shame the gods never thought that one of us would be that so called danger. That puny stick you hold in your hand could never hurt me.” She exhaled molten breath over Alvar which was followed by a raging pillar of inferno. The fire burned out, and there stood the boy safely encased in magic ice. 

The ice turned to water. Alvar was soaked and smiled. “You could never hurt me either, you red horned devil.” Alvar knew too late it was a rather weak comeback.

The dragon roared fiercely. “I care not, for I’ve lived thousands of years and in less than a century, your lifespan will have reached its end. Until then, I will eliminate the rest of your kind.” The gusts from Eris’s wings blew Alvar off his feet as she took to the sky in the direction of Myalune.”

“Wait!” Alvar cried out. “I have more insults for you. Better ones!”

Before she could reach the city, Eris was struck violently from her side by something from the sky. Alvar jumped back on his jonyx and made for the impact. What he found to his confusion was a statue of a smaller, four-winged dragon on top of Eris in a crater. The statue suddenly shattered and a live green dragon roared with a claw firmly placed on Eris’s neck, pinning her down helplessly.

“Eris, you worthless, detestable, pile of drake scat. What do you think you’re doing?”

Alvar watched in awe with a slight feeling of jealousy that he didn’t come up with that line.

The red dragon struggled to breathe. “Kaia? I… I am only doing… what needs to be done.”

Kaia’s claw turned to stone, further tightening her grip on Eris’s throat. “You were sworn to defend the humans, that was your one and only purpose from the gods that gave you life. Instead, I find you killing those you should be protecting and guiding. Give me one good reason, just one, why I shouldn’t kill you right now.”

Eris could barely speak, then she finally choked out the words at once. “They turned on us first.” 

The stone encasing Kaia’s claw crumbled away as she eased her grip.

The red dragon regained her breath. “They ignored my counsel, kill our kind for sport, and they have no trouble killing their own. They are monsters that need to be eradicated from this world.”

“That is not our decision to make. You were supposed to look after them and instead you chose to impose your own personal judgment upon them. They make mistakes, not unlike us or the gods themselves. None of us are perfect.”

“We are not perfect, that is true. We are superior and our kind will rule the land as we should. Those who disagree shall also be wiped from existence.” Eris coiled her four legs under Kaia and launched her into the outer wall of the city, leaving the green dragon buried under a pile of rubble.

As the dust cleared, Alvar heard scraping under the stones. A head popped out from the rubble, then Kaia freed her body. She took to the sky only moments after the molten breath arrived with a pillar of fire that singed her tail. Eris made a dive for Kaia with claws outstretched. The two dragons were locked together like two enormous fighting birds. Neither would release their iron grip, and being stuck together like they were made it impossible for flight. They fell into the ocean, creating a cannon ball like splash. 

There was a moment of silence, and then bubbles began to surface. Eris emerged first, splashing and spraying water as she regained flight. Moments later, Kaia surfaced near the shore and made it back on dryland. The green dragon was fluttering her feathered wings dry when she noticed Eris making a dive for her. Kaia rolled out of the way, avoiding the contact of a full body slam only to be whipped hard on the head by the red dragon’s tail. Kaia was stunned and unmoving allowing the larger red dragon ample time to pin her down.

“You must choose now, sister. Are you with me or are you dead?”

Kaia looked to be in pain. Her teal eyes betrayed her tough facade, revealing a deep sadness. “I’m sorry.”

“No need to apologize, sister. You were unaware of how bad things have been.”

“No, I suppose so.” She breathed in. “The fate of the world is no longer clear to me.” Another long breath. “Had I known it would have been this bad, I would have ended you centuries ago.” Kaia’s chest was puffed out and glowing bright green.

“No, don’t you---” Eris was violently blasted off of Kaia by a sonic wail, forcing Alvar and all other onlookers to cover their ears.

Eris righted herself, taking flight and blowing long pillars of white hot fire at Kaia. The nimble dragon dodged and gave chase. Eris tried to escape but Kaia was faster and wrapped her long body around the large dragon.

“I can still fly.” Eris struggled but she increased her altitude. “We will both fall and you will be the one to cushion my landing.”

Kaia tightened her grip around Eris like an anaconda. The ground was too far away to be seen when Eris lost her breath and energy. The two dragons were in a freefall when Kaia maneuvered herself so her body was on top of Eris and turned her body to stone.

Alvar gazed toward the sky and focused on a tiny dot that soon became much larger as it slammed into the earth like a meteorite. Eris was half buried in the ground with a stone statue of Kaia on top. The stone shattered and Kaia roared in rage at Eris.

Alvar knew what he had to do. Somehow he knew it would come down to this. He put himself between the dragons and the city and cleared his mind. Then he thought about all of the people in the city whose lives were at stake. His friends, Landric, and Richter, counting on him to do what was right. 

Wind began to rush up from behind. Alvar filled his mind with thoughts of home, how much he missed his mother, fondly recalling his cherished childhood with Valerie, and how much he had come to admire and care for her. The wind howled and became a hurricane force, blasting towards the dragons locked in a mortal struggle.

Kaia saw Alvar. She looked down at the red dragon, tilted her head back with wide open jaws and sunk her teeth deep into the flesh of Eris’s neck. The red dragon roared wildly until she was silenced as Kaia tore out the flesh of her throat. 

Landric watched in bewilderment as a massive ball of light and fire erupted from the crater rising far above the castle walls parting clouds in the sky. The circular blast radius was warped from the winds created by Alvar. The deadly energy dissipated, without ever touching the city.

The hunter rushed out of the gates to find a large swath of land burned to ash. Dotted along the plains there were objects that looked like charred branches sticking out of the ground where trees had been. There were a few guards already out there, surveying the area. There was no sign of Alvar or Kaia from where he was standing. 

He knelt beside the large crater and peered below to find a stone statue of Kaia covered in ash, lying on its side on the bottom. As soon as the dragon broke free of the stone, the hunter let out a cheer and silently thanked Ultras; the god of close-call, victorious battles, just in case he was still looking over this world. 

A large group of men were huddled around something by what was left of the city’s outer wall. Landric hurriedly crossed the charred field to see what attracted the crowd. As he approached he saw the golden staff, Aurelius, undamaged behind the men. Landric pushed a few men aside and found Valerie silently sobbing with Alvar’s head resting on her thighs; she stroked his hair and held him to her bosom. Behind them on the stone wall was a crimson streak where Alvar’s impact had been. Landric had no words and sat beside Valerie for a time.

It wasn’t long before Richter found them. “Is he alright?”

Valerie glared at him. Landric shook his head.

Richter dropped his head and turned away. “I’m sorry.” 

“What did you say?” Valerie gently lay Alvar down and stood up to face Richter. “You said you’re sorry? You’re not sorry.” 

Richter faced her with a grim expression.

“This is all your fault.” She shoved Richter back a few paces. The nearby guards wedged themselves between the two with swords drawn at Valerie. She didn’t pay them any attention. “He counted on you to be this great hero and all you did was run away and let him die!”

Richter pushed his guards aside and shouted back at Valerie within an inch of her face. “You think you are the only one that cared for him?” There was no answer. “Alvar, the only person I have ever called a friend is dead. Why would I ever wish such a thing?”

Richter turned away and continued on in a calmer voice. “I did everything in my power until I recognized that the only thing that could possibly kill a god was another god. He will be transported to Bleik. My men will inform their elder upon his arrival and his family along with the entire village. They will know he died a hero.” 

A few guards respectfully took Alvar away. Landric and Valerie were alone. The hunter held the woman as she buried her head in his arms.

* * *

“Is Prian still alive?” Richter glanced over his men.

“He is, my lord.”

Richter shook his head. “Of course he is.”

“Sir?”

“Package him up real pretty.” The literal thought inhabited his mind for a moment.  “And when I say pretty I mean throw him in a dress with a lovely bow on his head. Then you may send him with the remaining Slayers to the Six Cities as a show of good will.”

The guards exchanged concerned glances before they scattered, returning shortly with their man, or was it a woman? He politely waved good-bye to Prian as the ex-king was escorted out of the city, and paid no heed to the furious protesting of the ugliest woman he had ever witnessed.

It was time to assess the damage. Smoldering rubble where houses once stood, debris of collapsed walls, temples and towers littered the streets. The destruction wrought by the dragons would take years to rebuild, but at least the city still stood, and considering the foe; the toll of human lives lost was minimal.

Dale was dutifully waiting for Richter outside the castle. “So?”

“Eris is gone. Well done, Dale. Your knowledge may have saved us all.”

“Well,” said the alchemist looking bashful. “I only undid my mistake.”

He had a point, though Richter wasn’t about to argue about it. Still he didn’t want to miss an opportunity to make an underling feel like they need to work harder. “Did you learn your lesson?”

“Uh.” Dales blankly looked skyward. “Stay out of the business of dragons?”

Richter nodded. “Good enough.” 

It wasn’t long before Richter became aware of Dale’s periodic glances behind him toward the city during their conversation. He took a shot in the dark. “Dale, do you have a family?”

The alchemist bounced as he answered. “I have a wife.”

Bull’s-eye. “Is she unharmed?”

“I know not, my lord. I haven’t been allowed to leave the castle in nearly a year.”

Somehow this treatment by the previous king didn’t surprise him. It was time to give the little guy a break. “What are you waiting for, Dale? Find her and don’t return until you are well rested.”

“Thank you.” Dale grasped Richter’s hands then retracted quickly when he saw the scowl that informed him that his king wasn’t a hand-holding kind of guy. “I won’t be gone long. I have many potions with healing properties the citizens may need. And so many ideas for new concoctions!”

“Yes, yes, good, good.” Richter gave Dale a dismissive wave. “Just go.”

With that the alchemist soon vanished out of sight. Richter entered the main hall of his castle. People huddled along the walls looked up at him as he walked past. 

This is the part he liked best. “My people, the dragon menace has been defeated and the city is now safe. Return to your homes and if you have none, you may stay within the castle.” 

The king gave it further consideration. “For a time.” Can’t be too generous. Next thing you know, people are taking up permanent residence within the halls. 

The people gathered what little they had and soon dissipated in search of their families and to reclaim their homes.

Richter was happy to see his throne room empty. He sat on his great kingly seat in that wide room alone, content for a brief time. Soon he was shifting uneasily in his seat. Something nagged at the back of his mind like he forgot something. The city was safe, the dragons were gone and his kingship, for now, secure. He became aware of the challenge to merely sit still in his chair as he tried to think what had slipped his memory. Then he remembered.

Richter’s footsteps echoed as he descended into the dank dungeon. A young woman’s voice called out from within. “Who’s there?”

Locked tightly behind bars, Richter found Palmyra, filthy, with hatred in her eyes. “Your one and only.” The king replied lightly.

“Where is my father?”

Richter leaned against the cell across from the princess and shrugged. “What do you care?”

“Believe it or not, I do. He is my father and only remaining family. I do not just carelessly throw away those I love like you do.”

Richter moaned. “Are you still mad about that? I figured someone who is as good as using people as you would understand I did what needed to be done to get what I want.”

Palmyra grinded her teeth.

“Your father has been handed over to the Six Cities. Don’t worry; I’m sure they won’t harm him. They’ll most likely fluster, mortify, and shame him though.”

“You’re an ass!”

“And a king. Does that not impress you?” Richter smiled as he struck what he thought was a valiant pose which turned out to be more of a half drunken, half constipated display.

Palmyra turned away for a moment, and then faced Richter with a smile of her own. He was intrigued by such a sudden transformation of mood.

“A good king deserves a beautiful, loving queen. One that would do anything he wishes, fulfill his desires whenever he pleases.” She said in a breathy voice.

Richter chuckled as he approached her cell. He put his hands on the bars and leaned in close. “You are so right, oh fairest of the fair.”

She caressed his hands with hers. “Then what do you intend on doing, my lord?”

“My dear, sweet Palmyra,” he paused a moment to let those words sink in. “I’ll have to search for such a queen won’t I? In the meantime, you will be released, given a horse with provisions and banished from the city.”

“What?”

“You heard me. Be gone and never return. An escort will come for you soon.” 

Richter felt great now that he had remembered everything he needed to do. The furious screaming he had to endure as he left the dungeon only gave him a greater sense of satisfaction.

* * *

Dale was relived to find his home undamaged by the dragons. He lived in the wealthier side of the city. His house was rather small in comparison to the others; built on a rocky outcrop overlooking the sea was what he liked the most. The home was actually given to him by Prian when Dale first came to the city years ago. He would never complain as he knew even if he wasn’t allowed home much at least his house was cleaner, made of stone and quality wood while most people lived in houses of shoddy materials. He was always grateful he lived where he did, unlike the unfortunate people who lived in villages, where straw, mud and dried manure provided shelter.  

Dale’s heart raced when he had entered and saw her. His beloved turned. They both looked at one another as if they saw something that wasn’t real. Every time he saw her was like the first; probably because he never saw her as much as he wanted. Dale knew his wife to be the most fair in the city. Those almond eyes, her long silky hair, and that slender figure. “Esmerelda.” He said dreamily.
 
“Dale!” Esmerelda leapt into his arms.

Dale held her as tight as he could. Fond memories came rushing back as the sweet fragrances of roses, cinnamon, and sandalwood filled his nostrils. He felt happier than he could ever remember. She was safe and they were together once more.

The future looked brighter with Prian and Eris gone. Dale contemplated on the vast array of opportunities that would soon be open to him. The alchemist looked forward to a life of helping others, spending more time with his wife, and starting a family; in fact, on second thought, the latter should come first. 

* * *

Lily had been huddled in with many other women and children in what was explained to her as the most structural sound section of one of the old god’s temples. Moments ago a guard entered, informing them it was safe to leave. 

The destruction wrought by the dragons was its worst in the part of the city where the Nest had been. All of the neighboring buildings had been burned to ash. For a moment she considered the possibility that her family and their dreams were meant to perish. She shook off the chill that ran down her spine and continued walking down the street. 

When Lily found the large pile of smoking wood and ash that used to be Edward’s family’s home, she couldn’t help but feel sorrow. 

Edwards’s voice came from behind “Lily.”

Lily turned to face her betrothed and looked at him as if he were a specter. “Edward?”

He took her hands in his. “I’m so relieved you’re safe.” His gasps were overdone.

Lily stared at him blankly, she felt wooden in his grip. “Yes.” It was the only thing she could let slip her lips.

Edward motioned to the debris of his former home. “As you can see we lost the house, but worry not for my family, they are unharmed as they have taken shelter.” 

“Lily?” Edward placed his hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes apologetically. “I am so sorry for what happened to your family. He wasn’t supposed come for you.” 

Lily’s heart skipped a beat. She suddenly felt a rush of heat wash over her.

“All is not lost. You will surely inherit a large sum of gold from both your family’s business and what your father had earned in his years of duty.” Edwards’s voice became giddy. “I have a wonderful plan for us once we marry. We will combine our wealth and rebuild my shop to be even grander than before. How does that sound to you, my dear?”

Lily went to slap Edward in the face, only it wasn’t a slap. She wasn't aware in her rage that her hands were clenched. 

Edward shrieked in pain as blood dripped from his nose. “What’s wrong with you, girl?” 

“What is wrong with me? You, the man who sent that murderer to kill me and my family as they slept in your home. You are asking what is wrong with me?”

“Ridiculous.” Edward cried, holding his nose. “I did no such thing.”

“You already admitted it when you said he wasn’t supposed to come for me. But he did. The black knight nearly killed me and my friends, all because of your greed.” Lily slid the engagement ring off her finger and threw it in his face. “There will be no wedding. I hope you rot alone all your life, you pathetic worm!” 

Lily stormed off. When she turned the corner, she looked at her hands which were shaking uncontrollably. The anger soon passed, quickly replaced by anxiety. She had yet to see Valerie since the dragons were felled. She ran as fast as her legs could take her to the South Gate. 

Flustered, Lily ran one way as she looked another, searching for her cousin. At full speed she plowed into Landric. With a thud, they both tumbled to the ground.

“Lily? What’s the matter?” Landric helped Lily to her feet before dusting himself off.”

“Thank you. Have you seen Valerie?”

“Yes I have.”

“Is she all right?”

“Yes. Well,” Landric’s expression turned grim. “She is unharmed but mourning.”

“Over whom?” She didn’t even want to know. Lily steeled herself, shutting her eyes and clenching her fists as if awaiting a slap in the face.

Landric sighed. “Alvar. He shielded the city from the massive release of the Elder Dragon’s soul. He halted the flow of energy; consequently he was flung into the city wall.”

“Oh no!” Lily’s heart sank to new depths. He was so sweet.” Her voice trailed off.

Landric nodded. “Follow the wall east. You should find her.”

“Thank you.” She watched the hunter trudge forward like a prisoner to the executioner’s block.

Valerie sat on the ground with her back to the wall and Alvar’s staff at her side. She was still and stared blankly at the horizon. Lily knelt beside Valerie and embraced her. “I’m so sorry.” she whispered. 

Valerie said nothing but reassured Lily with a tight hold. Lily hadn’t seen Valerie that way since her father died and couldn’t find any words, so she just sat beside her for a time, crying with her.

“I’m going back to Bleik tomorrow.” Valerie said flatly with only a hint of a quiver in her voice. “Someone has to make sure that his story is told true. I can’t trust Richter’s lackeys with the simplest task, you know?” 

“Yes.” Lily wanted to laugh, but it came out as a choke and sniffle.

Valerie turned away. “And I’d like to say goodbye too.”

“Of course.” 

Valerie cleared her throat and wiped her sleeve over her face before facing Lily with half a smile. “Landric spoke with Azria. She said she would be delighted if you would stay with her until we can figure out a new living situation. And before you ask; yes, I will return.”

“As long as you do, then it’s fine. I will thank Landric too; he’s such kind soul.”

“Funny, he said the same thing about you.”

Hearing that made Lily smile. After all she lost, Lily began to focus on what she still had, which was good friends and family she knew truly cared for her. It was the first time she felt good in a long while. She knew from that day she would keep that mindset and look forward to a brighter future with loved ones.

* * *

Before her journey to Bleik, Valerie opened the letter given to her by Landric, addressed to her from Alvar. 

Dear Valerie, 

If you are reading this, then I am dead, well, either that or Landric misplaced the letter and you’ve found it. If that is the case then please scold Landric for losing something so important and disregard this letter.

Valerie smiled and shook her head. How she wished she had found the letter rather than the hunter giving it to her personally, then Alvar would still be alive. She imagined how much fun it would be to tease him about it and the laughs they would have together. If only, she thought, and continued to read.

I know the battle we must face will be wrought with grave danger and I know I have always had the tendency to not get out of harm’s way when I probably should. I have made peace with the fact that I may fall when facing the dragons and I will have no regrets. Traveling with you has given me the opportunity to see so much I would have never seen in Bleik, I’ve met an alchemist, befriended a king, I’ve had great power, and I had friends I truly cared for. I may be dead but know this;

I lived.

I’m sorry I left you behind, but I know I will see you again someday in the afterlife. I will be waiting patiently for your arrival. Please take your time.

All my love,

Alvar Baldursson.

Valerie folded the letter and placed it back in her satchel, wiping away tears. Alvar’s words may have eased her sorrow slightly, though would still be a long and depressing ride to Bleik. 

She followed the carriage in which Alvar had been laid. Along the way, they passed through multiple towns that had been razed by the dragons. Richter sent along a messenger who would deliver the news of Eris’ defeat and inform them that supplies and men would arrive soon. The final task for the messenger was to deliver the news of Alvar, a task Valerie planned to take upon herself.

The first thing Valerie wanted to do when she arrived at Bleik was to see her mother, however she knew her duty to Alvar came first. She went Alvar’s tent, announcing herself. “Hello?”

Alvar’s mother opened the flap. She looked at Valerie like a stranger, and then her mouth dropped. “Oh it’s you! Valerie, isn’t it?”

Valerie nodded. His mother looked the same. The long braided blonde hair, her round kind face. Seeing her brought back fond memories of childhood spent with Alvar. “May I speak with you, madam?”

Alvar’s mother frowned and spoke in a stern voice. “Not if you keep calling me madam you won’t.” Her smile gave her away and her sing-song tone returned. “It’s Brenna to you. Please come inside.”

There was a fire pit in the center of the tent. Valerie pulled up a chair, melting away the chill that had accompanied her on the last leg of her journey. Even in summer there were many cold days in Bleik. 

Brenna sat opposite of her. “I have to say, you’ve become such a beautiful young woman, Valerie. I can see why Alvar was so taken with you.”

“Actually, Alvar is the reason I need to speak with you.”

“Listen,” Brenna placed a hand on Valerie’s knee. “If he has done you anything strange, please remember that he only has the purest intentions and I apologies for him. I’m sure I babied him too much, but what else can I do of my only child?”

“No he has done nothing bad, far from it. It’s just-- the words were clear in Valerie’s mind, though they would not make it past her lips. The only thing Valerie could do was look at Brenna apologetically. She watched as Brenna’s smile vanished and a look of worry washed over her. 

“Something has happened to him?” Her voice quaked.

Valerie nodded, still unable to speak. It felt as if her throat was closing. A tear escaped her eye.

“Will he be alright?”

Valerie forced the unpleasant sights in her mind’s eye. She placed a hand on Brenna’s shoulder. “His last act was that of a great man. His actions saved the lives of thousands and those citizens, his friends, and I are all so proud and grateful to him.” Valerie tried her best to hold back her emotions as she looked into Brenna’s teary eyes. “Alvar died a hero.”

After a time spent, consoling the teary yet proud Brenna, Valerie left to visit the village elder in his tent. “We need to speak.”

The man gave her a dirty look. “What are you doing here, girl? You don’t belong here.”

“Trust me; I wouldn’t be here unless it was important.” Due to the nature of her visit, Valerie masked her disgust for the elder.

“Then state your business and be gone.”

“Alvar Baldursson has fallen in battle. He saved thousands of lives and should be remembered as a hero.

“Alvar did what? I think not, the boy wasn’t capable of much more than housework, catching small fish and setting a roof on fire.”

“But it is the truth!”

“What proof do you have of his deeds?”

“You want proof? Myalune still stands.”

“As it always has.”

Valerie was so angry she felt ill. It was clear that the villagers never saw his potential. As she contemplated a violent course of action, the messenger she traveled with walked in. Valerie turned and pointed at the man. “You, tell this old goat what Alvar did.”

“That is my task; I don’t need you to tell me. I gave you the chance to do it your way.  I will do it the right way.” The messenger approached the elder then cleared his throat. “Greetings, person of high standing. My name is Andrew Goodwyn, official messenger of King Richter of Myalune.” 

The messenger searched his satchel and held something out at the Elder. “These are my papers.”

The elder visibly irritated, glanced at the paper then back to the man. “Speak then and be gone.”

The messenger pulled out a scroll, unrolled it and began to read. “King Richter wishes it be known that Alvar Baldursson of Bleik has fallen in glorious battle near the city of Myalune. Alvar, with his immense power, pushed back the force of an elder dragon that would otherwise have obliterate all who live within the walls of our great city. His sacrifice will not be forgotten and he will ever be remembered as a true hero. King Richter personally requests a hero’s funeral of your culture be performed for Alvar.” The messenger rolled up the scroll and awaited a response.

The elder closed his eyes for a time. “It will be done.”

“Excellent.” The messenger bowed before exiting the tent. Valerie glared at the elder before leaving. 

That night, Alvar was laid out in fine clothing and furs on top of a structure of wood meant for pyre. Each villager handed a gift to the man standing near Alvar, who then placed the objects neatly around the boy. When it was her turn, Valerie handed over her sword and a lock of her scarlet hair.

By the time the gift giving came to an end, Alvar was surrounded by beautiful flowers, furs and other essentials for the afterlife. A young girl sang happily for him as it was a celebration for Alvar to join his forefathers. His deeds would grant him company of the greatest warriors and kings that ever lived.

An old woman dressed in ceremonial garb with torch in hand, signaled for silence. “Before we begin the rite of Alvar’s passage, I grant opportunity for those to speak of him.”

Brenna was the first to stand before the village. “My son, Alvar had always been the sweetest boy I’ve known. When the other boys left the village to hunt, he stayed behind to help me with my daily chores, even though it went against tradition. When Argus had chosen him, I knew he would be in great danger, but I had to let him go no matter how much I wanted him to stay. I have no regrets and I’m happy that he will be remembered as I have always seen him; an inspirationally courageous person.” 

As Brenna returned to her place, Valerie was taken aback to see Alvar’s father, Baldur move to the front. The man was massive in stature, his neck as wide as his head. He had wild black hair and his beard braided, hung down to his belt. 

“Many of you know my boy as an embarrassment and no one would have agreed more than me. I gave up on turning him into a man and even refused to speak with him.” The gruffness in his voice went soft. “I know now that my judgment was the furthest thing from the truth. Just because he was different did not make him any less a man. I am filled with shame for what I’ve done, but also I feel a tremendous pride for my son.”

Baldur returned to his wife’s side and embraced her. Valerie waited, though it looked as if no one else would speak. She guessed that anyone would get to know him if he was such an embarrassment to the village. It was time to speak, she would be the last. 

“When I first met Alvar, we were both small children. I remember clearly the joy I felt playing together with him. He was always a dreamer, telling me how he would like to see the world and how great it would be to fly like the birds and I would get caught up those fantasies as well.” 

Valerie inhaled deeply. “I am guilty of treating him like an outcast, like he was so different from me, when in fact, so much the same. He refused to hunt like the other boys, and I refused to sew, wash, and cook. One day he professed his love to me and I answered with the tip of my blade. I was always too hard on him. I was only trying to tough him up. I had never known he was already the toughest guy I knew. I too am filled with regret.” 

Valerie looked at Alvar who seemed to be resting peacefully. “If you care for someone, you should let them know right away. You may never get another chance.”
  
The elder stood in front. “Alvar has been acknowledged by King Richter as a true hero. Let his memory inspire us. Let his deeds be remembered in song. May he peacefully reach the afterlife.

The old woman lit the pyre. As the flames rose up around Alvar, Valerie had to turn away. Her body ached as she was reminded of one last thing she had to do before leaving the village. 

“Argus!” Valerie stamped into the dragon’s temple, her voice echoing down the great hall.

“Who do you think you are little girl? Are you unaware that this is hallowed ground you tread? Who do you think you are barging in with your noise and shouting? The great white dragon’s voice grew louder. I should consume you for your disrespectful actions.” He suddenly went silent when he saw Aurelius in her hand.

 Valerie slammed the staff on the floor in front of Argus. “Why Alvar?” The rage was clear in her voice. “You could have chosen anyone else or better yet, you could have flown your own sorry ass out there and done something yourself. But you had to pick him and now he’s dead. He died protecting human-kind from yours and what have you done all the while? Sleep comfortably in your temple. I thought the dragons were your responsibility, not that of small village boy.”

After a long silence the dragon let out a long rumbling sigh. “I chose him because it had to be Alvar. He was the most suited for carrying Aurelius and he still he went beyond my expectations. I knew he had tremendous potential, though you must understand I never wished his death.”

“Well it happened and that is forever on your head. Next time something goes wrong, you will have to deal with it yourself as Alvar isn’t around to do it for you.” The dragon had nothing more to say. Valerie thought it was sufficient to leave the dragon with his regrets. She returned to the village, visited with her mother, and stayed the night before her return for Myalune.

* * *

Upon her arrival at Myalune, Valerie noted the removal of much of the rubble and operations for rebuilding in motion. She was emotionally drained and road worn, yet had enough spark left in her for a visit to the king. She didn’t know what she was going to do, if nothing else she would blow off some steam in Richter’s face.

A pair of guards crossed their halberds in Valerie’s way of the castle gate. “That’s as far as you go, girlie.” said one of the guards.

“Let me through, I must speak with the king.” Valerie didn’t look directly at the man, more like a glazed determined stare through the guard.

“He is far too busy to see anyone, let alone some girl of no import.”

The other guard chimed in. “Hold on, I think I remember seeing her on the field of battle. If this is her, she fought bravely against the dragons. Perhaps the king would see her. What is your name?”

“Good to know you’re not all idiots. My name is Valerie Griffon. Tell the king I need only a brief amount of his wasted time.”

The man entered and soon reemerged. “The king will see you now. Please enter.”

“Thank you.” Valerie gave the rude guard a dirty look as she passed him by.

Inside Richter was conversing with a few men. Upon seeing Valerie, he quickly dismissed the men and beckoned her to approach him.

“Valerie!” He sang enthusiastically. “I’m overjoyed to see you.”

“The feeling isn’t mutual.” 

Richter laughed heartily. Listen, I have a problem that I am sure you can solve.”

“You have far more than one, though I’m curious as to what you think I would possibly want to help you with.”

 “As you know Myalune needs a new Captain of the Guard. Your uncle garnered enough respect until his undoing. Your father, Clive Griffon was a much highly respected man, I’m told. I think the people of this city would like to see another Griffon take the helm.”

“Have you forgotten that there are no more Griffon men? You stuck him in that arena with that… thing!” Valerie suddenly felt anxious. She looked closely at the shadows around the room. “Where is he? Your black Knight.”

Richter shrugged. “I’ve heard h’s left the city. Just as well, he wasn’t much for conversation.”

“He is a cold-blooded murderer and must pay for his crimes.” Valerie’s hands were shaking.

Richter nodded absently. “Yes, yes he most certainly should.”

Valerie gave Richter an icy glare. 

Richter paced before Valerie. “He will pay but, until we can find him, there is still the matter of appointing a new guard captain.” The king spun on his heel to face Valerie.

“So what? Why are you telling me this?”

Richter buried his face in his hands then reemerged from his frustration. He spoke slow and clear. “I want you to be my Captain. Do you accept this offer?”

Valerie couldn’t believe her ears. Why of all people would he ask her to be Captain of the Guard when there were hundreds of men who would gladly jump at the opportunity? A week earlier she wished she had the opportunity to kill Richter. Her change of heart was the result of the vital role the man played in returning Alvar to his home and assuring he had a respectful funeral. She would take no such action against him, instead hoping for the king to be slain by some other means.

“Why would I agree to that?”

“I’ll bet your father would have wanted it that way and--” He motioned for her silence. “From what I have heard, he served for Myalune, not his king.”

“The answer is still no.”

“Just think on it for a moment. You could run the guard anyway you want. You would be in charge of keeping the peace of the city. If you find criminal acts or corruption you would be free to take action as you see fit. You would, of course, have very comfortable accommodations here in the castle. Better you than someone else who may in it for the wrong reasons. Right?”

“The men will never accept a woman as their captain.”

“You are the daughter of the loved and dearly missed Clive Griffon. Besides, I will let it be known that if they have concerns of your post, they most certainly can talk through it with the headsman. I hear he is a good listener. Besides that, just show them you’re not weak. Let the loudest one take you on. It would be most amusing to witness a man who stated the weakness of women, be beaten into submission by one. Obviously you can hold your own with a blade. You were lucky that one time in the ruins.”

Being reminded of the abduction and intentional embarrassment to her late uncle rekindled the fire within her. This was indeed an opportunity. She could use the post against Richter. She would keep a close eye on him and when he slipped up, she would make a mockery of him for all the people to know. “I will accept.”

“Excellent.” Richter clapped his hands together.

Valerie pointed a dire finger at Richter. “But know you will be the one I watch the closest. If you do enough wrong, I may even be the one who ends your life.”

“Very good, we all need something to strive for.”

“You still want me to be your Guard Captain after what I’ve just told you?”

“Why not? There’s an old saying. One must keep his friends close, and blah blah blah.”

Valerie nodded and locked eyes with Richter. The quote resonated with her. “And her enemies even closer.”

“Yes, I’m thrilled you’ve heard that one as well.” Richter walked to a nearby guard, was handed a cloak, which was then given to Valerie. It was newly sewn and appeared the same as the cloaks her uncle wore and her father before him. It had the blue with gold accents as she remembered, but the city seal and pin were changed. It had always been the fiery sword and shield symbolizing the devotion and inspiration Firion Myalune had for the old god. Currently it had an emerald four-winged serpent dragon. She held the image before Richter. “What is this?”

“That, I figured, would be my show of respect for the Elder Dragons who are looking out for us. Also, if we started rumors that we have the personal protection of a certain dragon, which did come to our aid mind you, then who would ever want to oppose us?”

Valerie shook her head and fastened the cloak around her shoulders. “You should have stopped talking after the mention your honorable respect.”

“My, my, that does suit you well.” Richter motioned to the door. “Off you go, Guard Captain Valerie Griffon. Now, whip this city back into shape.” 

* * *

Landric still hadn’t figured out what had happened as he left Azria’s home. Lily and Azria seemed to get along well, but towards the end of his visit, they were exchanging cold stares and the conversations dwindled not long after Lily hugged and pecked Landric on the neck. He was glad he had turned down Azria’s invitation to spend the night there if his presence would cause discord between the ladies.

Myalune still had plenty other inns available after the disaster and he would find another until the Griffon’s nest would be rebuilt. Landric needed to earn more coin and the only way he knew how was hunting. He rode his mount into the Wychwood Forest, being sure to stay near the edge and away from cougren territory.

The hunter dismounted and climbed a suitable tree. High above the forest floor, he leaned against the trunk and let his senses take over. The earthly smell of the forest and the sound of blowing leaves, felt like home to him. He tried to lose himself in the tranquility of the atmosphere, but something was different; he didn’t enjoy it like he used to. He was living the life he used to live before he ran into the peculiar wolf, spending long days hunting for game, just being content he had left his bickering, power hungry family far behind. 

It didn’t feel the same. He remembered the day he had fallen out of the tree, and was chased and captured by cougren. A sudden rush of adrenalin ran through him at the thought. Ever since then he had been either running from or facing danger. Instead of feeling content and safe, he found himself yearning for more of the excitement he had experienced with Kaia. Whatever it was, he knew it was time to leave all of that behind and go back to the way things were. 

Just as he was ready to fire on a deer, Landric noticed the leaves suddenly rustling, the branches swaying wildly. The stag fled as the danger seemed imminent. Landric held on tight to his perch, expecting to be blown off of the tree. The source of the wind came from above and Landric peered through the veil of leaves in the canopy above and he saw her. The four-winged, mirror scaled dragon was attempting to land on the branch next to him. The thick trees made her decent difficult as she dropped through the branches and hit the ground with a loud thud. 

“Kaia?”

The dragon got to her feet, shook off bunches of branches and leaves tangled around her. She looked up at the hunter. “Found you at last.” She dug her claws into the tree he had been sitting and began to climb, causing the tree to shake with every pull she made until she was at eye level with Landric.

Even though he had traveled with her, Landric still found it hard to address her in her true from. “I am honored by your presence here, oh great and powerful emerald of the sky.” 

“Stop with that nonsense talk. You will address me by my name and as a friend. You have saved my life and provided crucial assistance in restoring my form. I owe you an enormous debt.”

Landric stammered. “I very well could not have just left you as you were. No one would want to be stuck as a wolf, unless one began life that way. Obviously you didn’t start out life that way unless that is the way some dragons start out as. As unlikely as that would be.” It was at that point Landric figured it would be best to say as little as possible.

Kaia laughed under her breath. “I have brought you a gift, to show my appreciation.” Kaia looked at her feet, carefully opening them up one at a time as to not lose her grip. She grinned at Landric. “A moment please.”

Kaia climbed down to the forest floor where she found a glittering object in her mouth. Landric waited patiently and held on to the tree as it swayed from her climb. When she returned she opened her mouth and inside was a black horn, similar to the ones on her head; only this one was hallowed out and had a leather strap wrapped around it. Kaia spoke but couldn’t make words until Landric took the object out of her maw.

“If you are in need, blow this horn and if any of my brood is nearby, they will answer. Humans cannot hear the sound, but the green dragons will, even if they are a miles away. Go ahead, give it a try.”

Landric blew the horn. Just as Kaia had said, he didn’t hear a sound besides his breath flowing through. He looked around and listened.

“Give them some time.” Kaia said reassuringly.

After a short while, the leaves above the hunter rustled and out popped a tiny green dragon; it looked like Kaia, except it’s scales  didn’t shine in the light, and it was only about the size of a house cat.

“Only you, little one?” Kaia sounded suspicious. The small dragon squealed at her and for a moment, Kaia froze. She then turned to Landric. “I must go. Be safe, Landric Frey. I would like to see you again someday.” She smiled and slid to the ground, then proceeded to run out of the forest.

The hunter leaned back on the tree trunk, stroked his newly acquired horn and was lost in the events that had transpired over the past few weeks. He thought it over carefully, weighing the good with the bad, the near-death experiences with the victories, his fears with the courage he had found within himself, and the decision he made to free a strange horned wolf from that bear trap, and came to a conclusion. It was all, without a doubt, worth it.

* * *

Kaia took the sky, flying as fast as her wings could take her toward Argus’ temple. If what the little one told her was true, then the world was in even more danger than she had anticipated. Argus, Master of Dragons, captured many of her brood. It had to be retaliation for her running off without his consent. Eris is dead and now Kaia would pay the price.

Her heart raced, she tried to block out thoughts of what he may be doing to her children. Her wings ached though she never slowed. The green dragons should not be held accountable for the consequences of her decisions. If Argus desired for someone to suffer, Kaia knew it should be her.

On the snowy peaks above Bleik, the temple came into view. The tall doors were open and Kaia dove in. When she hit the floor, she skidded halfway down the hall and saw them. A dozen of her youngest children, sat before the great white dragon.

Argus grinned upon seeing Kaia, and then looked down to the small dragons. “Thank you for keeping me company, little ones. You may go.”

Kaia’s mouth was agape a she watched the little four-winged dragons fly past her and out the temple doors unharmed. She marched to Argus, furiously. “What is the meaning of this?”

“I am sorry for the deception, Kaia; it was the only way to get you here.”

“I suppose you intend to punish me for directly interfering with human affairs.”

“Not exactly.” Argus said in a playful tone. “I have heard what has happened and given the circumstances, I’d say you only interfered with the foul plans of another dragon.”

“You should have never given the boy that relic. He made the ultimate sacrifice for something we should have set right without him or any other human’s help for that matter.”

Argus sighed. “Not you too, Kaia?”

“I may not be able to see the fates of man as clearly as I once had, but know this; he was not meant to die!”

Argus was silent for a moment. “Kaia, I would like to confess something to you. It is something I have not told any of the other original dragons. On the day I came to be, the old gods burdened me with a truth I was not to share with any of you. Considering how long they have been gone and what you have been through, I might as well tell you.”

Argus planted his massive body before Kaia and lowered his head to her level. “All things in this world in which the gods gave life are meant to die and we are no exception to that rule. You, I, and all other Elders are getting older and are by no means immortal. That is why I believe your powers have been fading. I didn’t want to believe it. I, Argus, Firstborn of the race of dragons, have been granted the longest lifespan of all living creatures and still I feared the end of my existence. I accept now that we were meant to watch over this world for a time and eventually we wouldn’t be needed anymore. The denizens of this world are quite capable of thriving without our help. It may be why Eris lashed out against humanity.”

Argus’s tone rose to normal. “Before our power and lives fade away, I believe I do need to right a wrong, if you will be so kind to assist me.”

“Of course.”

“The task will be difficult, the risks great, and the outcome may not be as we wish but, I’d say we at least owe it to the boy to try.” 

Kaia looked at Argus, confused until she got the hint. “I thought you said it was forbidden.”

“I made a mistake and you, the Dragon of Fate, have clearly stated it was not meant to be.”

Kaia was overcome with anxiety as it dawned on her what the white dragon had planned. “Is it truly possible to bring Alvar back?”

Argus grinned.

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!

Gregory A Williams

Discover other works by Gregory A Williams

@Writing.com

