
Volume 3
PLANET WATER
"Draugar of the Abyss"

Janet Beasley

Illustrations by Dar Bagby
PLANET WATER
"Draugar of the Abyss"
Published by Janet Beasley

Text copyright © 2015 by Janet Beasley  

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, scanning, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the publisher. 

ISBN:  9780463550397

Planet Water, "Draugar of the Abyss" is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, events, establishments, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.

OTHER PUBLISHED SCRIBBLINGS
by AUTHOR JANET BEASLEY

FICTION
Hidden Earth Series
Volume 1 Maycly The Trilogy
Part 1: “Two Altered Worlds”
Part 2: “The Battle of Trust and Treachery”
Part 3: “The Queen”
The Chukkons Say, “Ye Need ta Be a-Seein’ Maycly” 
(illustration book; companion book to Maycly)
More Than Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup 
(cookbook; companion book to Maycly)

TRADE-SPECIFIC MAGAZINES
“Stage Directions”
“Your Church”
“Technologies for Worship”
Articles dealing with theatrical productions from conception to completion, technical theater, and how to survive live productions on half-a-shoestring budget.

NONFICTION
Production P.A.R.T.Y.
Theatrical Fudge
Dreams to Dust (autobiography)

MISCELLANEOUS
Award-winning poetry
Greeting cards
Inspirational photo captions

Plans are for publication of a coffee table book that combines inspirational words and scenic nature photographs.
DEDICATION
I dedicate this book to my husband, Don, who has been, and always will be, my essence of life.
I wish that the wind may catch our sails and carry us to a new sea where we will float together on the waves of achievement, prosperity, and wellness.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I would like to acknowledge my loving parents whom, at the time
of publication, are still living and inspiring me to continue writing
the Hidden Earth Series until it is completed. They have always
made my life a living fairy tale, and for this I am ever so grateful.

I also want to thank my wonderful husband who, in this fairy tale
of a life, serves as my knight in shining armor.
"Courage is better than keenest steel."
—Sigurth, Fáfnismál
FOREWORD
It was mid October of 2011 when I first met Janet Beasley. We were invited to an “Author’s Showcase” at a local library. We happened to be assigned tables right next to each other. I was apprehensive about attending this book signing event, and I found that Janet shared those same feelings. Why, you ask? Neither one of us had a book to sign!
Let me explain: the timing of publication doesn’t always cooperate with an invitation to a book signing event. Janet didn’t want to miss the opportunity to promote her book in whatever way possible. So did I. Our tables were not boring at all, since we both had plenty of information to display about our books. Many people gathered around to talk to Janet about her book. Perhaps they felt the storyteller herself was outgoing and intriguing. They would be right.
But then this was Janet Beasley’s first book, and since then there have been many others. I’ve seen this author evolve in her writing. She has learned the importance of research, even for a fantasy writer. As you may have already guessed, Janet and I have become good friends and have since been involved in many events. Best of all we have learned from each other and shared ideas with each other—only a friendship a writer can appreciate. There’s a story in everything!
What I love most about “Planet Water: Draugar of the Abyss” is that, although this story is a fantasy, there is a lesson to be learned. Throughout life each of us is called upon to do something or face something when we feel we just don’t have the fortitude. I call it the “I’d rather not” syndrome. Ultimately the main character Janet Beasley • vii of this story has a very important task to perform which she would rather pass on to someone else. I also love the reference to Old Norse history and the Vikings as the undertone to this story; you will learn a little about their culture. Janet is very crafty as she weaves her little subplots into the story, which add more interest to the overall story objective.
This book teaches you that you “can do” most anything if you believe in yourself, and perhaps a power greater than yourself. In this story, as in life, there are many difficulties along the way. With a formidable antagonist, not everything appears to be as it seems. But friendships are born and allies are formed. I’m not going to tell you if the main character is successful in her quest to fulfill her destiny… you’ll have to read the book. No worries, it’s a great read!
Jean E. Lane
Author of the Lill and Mewe series
PREFACE

Maycly was a world everyone longed to experience.
A young, spry Iona lived on Earth in Midland Terrain. She had a wonderful childhood. In her early 20’s she was happily married and had become very successful in life. But life took a major turn, and she became stricken with a variety of debilitating chronic illnesses. In addition, her family mysteriously disappeared, she lost everything, and she was left homeless. After years of endless searching for them, she had all but given up hope.
But the Grand Wizard, SUL, had a plan.
At Earth’s fiery end SUL was drained of most of his magical power which led to having to devise an alternate plan to bring about His New Earth to restore and preserve Good and the balance of nature throughout the universe. With what little power SUL had left He asked for Mother Nature’s help, once again, this time to create four very small planets to be hidden beneath Maycly. Each planet would be home to a special element that would have to be carried by a chosen individual, known as The Carrier, to a designated place, and position the Element at the right moment for SUL’s alternate plan to work.
SUL presented the challenges of the quest to Iona, now Queen of Maycly, and her longtime friends. He asked if they were up to the massive task, and all accepted their duties with honor and pride for their world of Maycly.
Iona’s duty was to travel to all four planets, one by one, and deliver something special to each of the Carriers before they placed their elements. Her friends were each assigned to go to one of the planets where they were to protect The Carrier of the Element on that planet throughout The Carrier’s journey.
Time was pressing, so no one lingered. Iona boarded her mandibleron griffin, Thassalon, and off they soared to the first planet, Planet Land. Iona arrived safe and sound, and she joined her Maycly friends, The Man Behind the Dumpster and Artie. In a rootin-tootin’ rough-neck fantasy world Iona and her friends managed to find Planet Land’s Carrier, Cub.
Iona delivered the special token. She had confidence that Cub would complete his quest, but there was no guarantee. Torn emotionally, knowing what was at stake if Cub did not get the Element in place on time, she had no choice but to trust her gut feeling, and she headed for Planet Water.

Throughout the text you will come upon various words followed by a small number (e.g., Seior Eik4). To find the actual Old Norse spelling, the pronunciation, and the definition, go to the Pronunciation Guide and Glossary at the end of this book.
1
Wet and Wild

Iona never tired of gazing down at underwater life. She listened and smiled when she realized the top of the water far below was emitting beautiful scores of tranquil music. Today would present a new discovery—Planet Water.
She guided Thassalon, her flying mandibleron gryphon, into a rapid descent through the patchy, glistening mist. Fluorescent-colored multi-finned fish beneath the water parted and picked up speed when Thassalon’s enormous shadow chased after them. Iona glanced at Wiskee, her Bichon Frisé, and felt Thassalon’s skin tighten when Spike, Wiskee’s miniature icataras, dug his claws into the mandib’s thick coat. 
Thassalon’s claws sliced the liquid surface, and his huge flat pads skied across the calm water. Iona giggled with delight and Wiskee let out a yip at the spray of warm mist that soaked their faces. “Whoa, Thassalon, whoa.” Iona had guided the giant creature to a landing in a shallow portion of the turquoise-emerald water. She knew the eight-foot-deep water would not be a challenge to him, as it only came up to his hocks. She bounced as Thassalon’s slowing, thundering steps created waves which pushed before him as he approached dry land. Iona heard the snapping and cracking of cypress knees under his feet as he trotted, finally coming to a halt several feet in on the shore.
Iona took in the sight of the sun cutting through the branches from the treetops to the forest floor, casting striped rays through the inland fog. She reached forward and stroked the top of Thassalon’s strong neck. “Beautiful landing my magnificent creature.”
She guided him back to the water’s edge, ducking and twisting so as not to get snagged on the broken branches. They reached the shoreline; Thassalon ruffled his feathery wings. Again, Iona and Wiskee were graced with the mist. Iona laughed. This time even Spike felt the wetness through his quills; he shuddered and hissed.
Iona let go the reins and took the liberty to stand atop Thassalon’s head for a better look. Her pleasant smile could not begin to express her appreciation for SUL’s amazing work. She spoke to Wiskee, “Even lacking most of His power, SUL still created this. Are you kidding me?” Wiskee yipped. Iona closed her eyes and took in a deep breath to relish the aroma of fresh pine needles and cypress trees. She opened her eyes. “I must say, coming from Planet Land to Planet Water is quite the transition.” She thought, I would love to see Charleo right about now. I hope he’s here with Jit and Giddy, protecting The Carrier of Planet Water, and not in any trouble. In the hologram, The Carrier, Arrowanna, seemed strong in stature but wary of her duty. Poor kid. I know just how she feels.
At Iona’s bidding Thassalon purred a low rumble and extended one of his enormous wings. Iona picked up Wiskee and stepped onto the sturdy appendage; Thassalon lowered them to the ground. Iona set Wiskee down, and he took off to explore. He did not go far, and Iona was certain to keep him in her sight.
The enchanted cypress trees dwarfed Thassalon. Iona looked up through the mounds of dangling cypress moss and leaves to the bluest of skies. This planet looks like something made from Maycly, not something created from a chunk of Earth at its fiery end. It’s as peaceful as the Valley of Serenity and the beach at Sandy Bottom Lake all in one. “Oooooops!” The ground vibrated, and Iona lost her footing and plopped onto the wet sand. Thassalon wasted no time wrapping her in his wing for safety. Spike dug in harder to hang on. Wiskee came running, ducked under the wing, and leaped into Iona’s arms. They all hesitated for a moment. A few stray leaves flitted to the ground in the silence, but the ground remained quiet.
Thassalon uncurled his wing from around them at Iona’s request. The queen of Maycly put Wiskee back down and stepped onto a green, mossy log that extended outward over the water. She had no reason to watch her balance on the ten-foot-wide log as she walked in and around the ferns to where the palm fronds capped off the end and reached upward toward the sun. She tried to go a bit further to take in as much as she could but sensed the frond stems were getting too small to support her; she returned to the main trunk. She shouted, “I think we’re on a small island, Thassalon.” She spoke to him as if he would answer. He responded by pawing the ground and purring. Wiskee came bounding toward her and let out a couple of yaps.
Another unexpected vibration came, and Wiskee startled Iona when he leaped back into her arms. Iona startled again when Thassalon screeched. Iona did not have time to get out of the way of the mandib’s wing as he instinctively unfurled it and buried her and Wiskee in his feathers. “Thanks big guy.” Iona’s words were muffled. “I’m fine though. I’ve got a good grip.” She rubbed the underside of his feathers to let him know he could uncurl his wing.
A light fog was beginning to clear in the west. She pointed. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that clump of trees just bumped into us.” Yet another vibration shook the log. Iona’s footing and balance were solid, even with Wiskee in her arms. She looked toward the east. “Come on Wiskee. Now that the skies are clear let’s check this out from the air.” She ran back to Thassalon, Wiskee bouncing in her arms. She scaled Thassalon’s right front leg up onto his back. She set Wiskee on Spike then took the reins. “Hyah!” 	Thassalon headed back into the water. Iona coaxed him to take to the air and fly lower than usual. Iona was a fan of chattering, especially to herself.  “The clumps of cypress, palms, and pine trees are islands. And they’re not just any kind of islands. It looks like they float! I can see the roots shooting out of the dirt down into the water; they reach deep, but they’re not attached to the bottom in the sand. Are you kidding me? These are floating islands!”
She guided Thassalon in and out of a few nearby islands admiring the unique sights. Some islands had trees lining their rims; brilliant green cliffs and mountain peaks shot straight up from the center. Other islands were completely covered with flowers, and still others were covered with nothing but a solid carpet of trees. She thought it odd that she saw no human life on the islands below her.
“Okay Thassalon. Let’s go higher.” She gave the signal with the reins, and Thassalon shot up another one hundred feet. They traveled westward. Iona began to have a bad feeling. She pulled back on the reins, and Thassalon hovered. Iona chattered, “It’s so dark over there. I mean really dark.” She guided Thassalon right up to the edge of the darkness and watched his wing disappear in the blackness. She quickly pulled on the reins and brought his wing back into the light. “I don’t see any twilight between day and night. That’s weird.” She thought, I’m betting that darkness is where the Evil lurks that hitched a ride with this piece of Earth when SUL broke it off to make Planet Water at the end of the battle on Maycly.
Iona let go the reins and walked up Thassalon’s neck. She lay on her stomach between his ears for a better look. “It’s okay boy. Stay steady.” She tried to peer deeper into the blackness, wanting to see something. As her eyes adjusted, something did catch her attention. She looked beyond the darkness into space and saw small bits of light floating like starlight snuggerbugs in the extreme distance. When she realized what she was seeing it took her breath. She whispered, “Cub’s done it. The Carrier of Planet Land has done it!” Her birthmark warmed, and she clutched her dress above it. She shouted to Wiskee, “I can see the ribbon of stars crawling from Planet Land. Cub’s done it.”
Iona jumped to her feet, ran to the reins and shouted, “It’s time to find Arrowanna. I must deliver the gem, and soon. We’ve only hours before the ribbon of stars from Planet Land reaches Planet Water.” Wiskee yapped and yowlied at Iona. Iona wished they were back on Maycly where he could talk, but she was confident she understood what he was trying to tell her. Wiskee nudged her hand holding the reins. “You’re right Wiskee, we need to hurry,” Iona said. She clutched Wiskee tight. “Hang on Spike, we’re taking off!”  She gave the signal for Thassalon to head in the opposite direction. They pulled away and headed out into the bright daylight.
Iona felt something extremely chilling grab her. She looked down and saw long, black, vaporous fingers wrapping themselves around her neck and chest. They must be coming from the darkness. She felt the smoky fingers clutching tighter by the second. She began to shiver, cough, and gag.
Wiskee peered over Iona’s shoulder and uttered several vicious barks. Iona gurgled, “No Wiskee! Don’t! You’ll get hurt!” She was not fond of the tone of Wiskee’s hard, frothing barks. She managed to snap the reins and shout, “Hyah!” bringing Thassalon to full speed. Iona could feel the sweat beading on her forehead. It took all the strength she had to hold onto Wiskee and guide Thassalon at the same time as she was being restrained by the icy death grip continuing to tighten. She could tell by Wiskee’s sounds he was getting frustrated.
Thassalon’s speed reached full bore, and Iona felt a burn when the charred, vaporous fingers raked from her neck. She was relieved and wanted to stay focused on what lay ahead, but the harrowing screams of the smoky shapes caused her to turn just in time to see them being swallowed by the darkness. She closed her eyes and held her breath. When the shrill cries stopped, she looked again and saw nothing. The trapped air forced its way from her lungs. She could not stop the tears that drizzled down her cheeks; Wiskee was quick to lap them up. “Thank you little buddy,” Iona said. “I don’t know what that was, and I’m not really interested in finding out.”
Iona pulled on the reins, and Thassalon’s pace slowed. She felt Wiskee relax as he leaned into her chest. She guided the mandibleron gryphon to a lower height so she could search for someone who could tell her where Arrowanna, The Carrier, might be.
2
I Hope You’re Not Too Late

A slightly different-looking floating island caught Iona’s eye from the air. It was adorned with trees and flowers of every shape and size: giant redwoods, lush purple tibouchinas, sycamores, yellow flowering tabebuias, dogwoods, magnolias, red maples, mountain ashes, weeping cherries, crepe myrtles in every color, and birches. They were outlined by what appeared to be an impenetrable ring of mangroves enormous with cypress trees. She was curious about the white sandy marsh that outlined the water side of the tree pattern. Another marshy area led up to the edge of a beautifully colored forest, and from the center of that forest a jagged, brownish rock formation jutted upward. A castle balanced precariously on the steep, pointy top.
Iona took a harder look; her view extended out to meet a couple of nearby sandbars. She saw movement and shouted, “Look! People! Two of them down there on that sandy spot. One of them will surely know where to find Arrowanna.” She guided Thassalon toward the floating island.
The people on the sandy spot ran, just as Iona had expected, when the waves Thassalon created rushed toward them. She called to the people, “Please, don’t leave. Come back! Thassalon won’t hurt you, I promise.” Iona could see that her words meant nothing to the fleeing couple, and they disappeared. She could not quite make out the scene but thought they had dashed through a door built into a massive root on the nearest cypress tree.
Iona called for Thassalon to lower Wiskee and her to the ground on his wing. Iona set Wiskee down and ran to the tree root; Wiskee scampered behind her. There was the door, so she knocked. “It’s okay. You don’t have to be afraid. I’m Iona, the Queen of Maycly. I must find Arrowanna. Please help me.”
A slit in the door slid open. Iona smiled, and a man’s eyes widened at the sight of her. He opened the door and spoke with his head hanging. “Forgive me, our Queen. Please, come in.”
Iona asked Wiskee to jump into her arms. When the two of them entered the dwelling she could not help but say, “Your home...it’s amazing.”
The well tanned, weathered gentleman spoke, “Well, I never thought I’d hear the Queen of Maycly say that. I mean, living in a castle on Maycly? Surely this humble dwelling doesn’t even begin to compare.” Iona saw a woman elbow him.
Iona smiled. “You’ll be pleased to know I meant every word. And I can tell, without doubt, that SUL made your home.” She watched the woman elbow the man again and give him a smug smile. Iona continued, “It’s the enchanted details that give it away.” Iona marveled at the purple illuminated plants attached to the roots beneath the clear floor. She thought they looked like lavendaria, her favorite flower on Maycly, but knew it did not grow in the water like seaweed, at least not on Maycly. Iona began to put Wiskee down then stopped and said, “Where are my manners. May I put Wiskee down?”
With enthusiasm the woman spoke. “But of course. We love animals here.”
Iona looked at the man’s weathered face and saw what appeared to be a forced smile; he was obviously ill at ease over the idea of a dog in the house. “Are you sure?” Iona asked.
When the woman saw what was going on, she cleared the air. “Don’t mind him. He means well, he’s just a bit leery at times. Go ahead, put your dog down.” Iona put Wiskee on the floor at the woman’s invitation. Iona swore she heard the man laugh when Wiskee chased and yapped at the small water creatures swimming among the transparent roots lining the walls, and her heart warmed. All of them had a giggle when Wiskee started pawing and yapping at the brilliantly colored fish beneath the crystal floor of the dwelling. Iona figured Wiskee had made a good impression on the man, who was now genuinely smiling at Wiskee’s antics.
“Já, SUL built our home, but only ours,” the man said. “The other homes were crafted by their owners with their bare hands. The entire story about it is in the book, Ways of the Water.”
Iona reached out for a handshake. “I’m sorry. I didn’t catch your names.”
When the man perked up, Iona saw what she thought were gills flare on his neck, but she said nothing. She watched as the man proudly straightened his embroidered vest. “This was my grandfadir’s1 bunad.” He shook her hand, and said, “My name is Devario.” He reached out to the woman beside him and gently pulled her closer. “And this is my wife, Kelpie.”
Iona saw Kelpie’s eyes fill with tears and figured that meeting the Queen of Maycly must be a bit overwhelming on such short notice. Kelpie adjusted her skaut and brushed her bunad then spoke in a near whisper. “Pleased to meet you, Queen Iona.” She curtsied.
“The pleasure’s all mine. And there’s no need to curtsy. You may simply call me Iona.” Kelpie blushed, and Iona was taken back again when she thought she saw gills flare on Kelpie’s neck.
Kelpie must have seen the curiosity on Iona’s face. “You’re not used to seeing our kind, are you?”
Iona shook her head.
“We are amphibious humans—gilled people. We can breathe both on land and in the water, something that comes in handy when you’re fishing for a meal.” Kelpie winked at Iona and flared her gills. Iona giggled. Kelpie added, “In the book, Ways of the Water, SUL promised that when Devario and I get to Maycly we will become a merman and a mermaid and will get to live in Lake Origin, though I can’t imagine anyplace more beautiful than the light side of our Planet Water.” Kelpie looked out the window and sighed. “Ahhh, to be a mermaid and live in the warm water all day.”
Iona said, “You’ll both have the chance in a very short time.” She smiled that special smile of hers, and Kelpie and Devario felt a loving warmth radiate from her. Then Iona’s tone changed ever so slightly. “I don’t mean to be in such a hurry; please forgive me if I seem rude. But it is very important I find The Carrier, Arrowanna, as soon as possible. I must reach her before she puts the elemental piece into its place. Do you know where I might find her?”
Kelpie clutched Devario’s arm. Devario hesitated then he spoke, “We’re hoping they’re at the castle, safe and sound, with the elemental piece.”
“What do you mean, ‘they’? There is supposed to be only one Carrier.”
Devario’s cheeks puffed, then he let out a big sigh through his pursed lips, and his gills fluttered. He looked at Kelpie who coaxed him to continue. When he did not speak, Kelpie took the lead. “Arrowanna is our daughter. Her younger twin brothers, Meilí and Torleik would not let her go alone. We found a note in their loft the day she left.”
Devario shook his head. “Typical thirteen-year-olds, I suppose.”
Kelpie nodded and continued, “And her little Sister, Sidra...” Kelpie broke down in tears. Iona took Kelpie’s hand in hers.
Devario rubbed his forehead. “What my wife is trying to say is that Sidra rushed to join Arrowanna on the magic tall ship. Arrowanna tried to turn the vessel around, but it seemed that the admiral wouldn’t allow the ship to go any other direction.” Devario reached over and wiped a tear from Kelpie’s cheek. He continued. “Sidra’s not a teenager like the others. She’s only six and hasn’t fully learned to use her gills yet. We haven’t seen them since that morning a few weeks ago.”
“Believe me when I tell you I understand the pain and fear of not knowing where your family members are.” Iona picked up Wiskee and let him lap up Kelpie’s tears; she gave Iona a half smile. Iona continued, “I just found out that my son, Jonji...” she looked at Wiskee. “...who is supposed to be on Maycly with Wiskee here, is now missing. And before that, long ago on Earth, the last three members of my family went mysteriously missing.”
“Your last three family members? Whatever did you do?” Kelpie asked.
“I put my trust in the Grand Wizard, the Creator, SUL. I never stopped hoping I’d find them.”
“Did you?”
Iona answered, “Yes, but that’s a long story all in itself. The best advice I can give you is to keep your trust in SUL. It will help you by leaps and bounds.”
Devario asked, “But what if we aren’t so lucky?”
Iona’s heart was pounding from a mix of emotions. “I know it’s very hard.” She hugged them both. “But we’ve got to find Arrowanna.” She thought for a moment then asked, “And why are you hoping they’re at the castle? If you’re that worried, why don’t you just go there and see if they have arrived? I’m telling you, time is not on our side. I’ve seen the star ribbons shooting from Planet Land, and they’re heading this way. We have only hours left. We’ve got to find Arrowanna. Now.”
Kelpie’s face went pale. Devario put his hands on Iona’s shoulders. “I hope you’re not too late.” He glared at Iona then continued. “I don’t want to venture out and leave Kelpie alone, and I don’t want her to have to come with me.”
Kelpie said, “We’re afraid the Draugar of the Abyss will...”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.” Iona cut her off. “That doesn’t sound good at all.” Iona’s voice trembled. “Draugar of the Abyss?”
“Já.”
“What is that? Who is that?”
Kelpie answered. “Draugar are the living dead of Vikings—considered to be the original Zombies.”
“Zombies?” Iona chuckled. “Those are only tall tales from long ago on Earth. We don’t need to worry about zombies.” Iona saw the looks on Devario’s and Kelpie’s faces; she wiped the smile from her face and cleared her throat. “Okay. Go on.”
Kelpie continued. “When the Vikings died and were buried long ago on Earth something strange happened. They rose from their graves as Draugar, intent on bringing torment to the living. They brutalized and slayed people then drank their blood.” Kelpie’s tone changed. “Now it’s happening here on Planet Water. We’ve heard it from a distance. The sound is gut-wrenching.” She shivered.
Iona gasped. She could see that Kelpie’s face was flushing just talking about it. Still with a touch of disbelief Iona asked, “Why would anyone do that?”
Iona was shocked at Kelpie’s quick answer. “I believe it’s because they’re jealous of the living and are seeking revenge.” Kelpie shrugged. “I don’t know for sure. But I do know they can become what they need to be in order to continue their barbaric Viking ways.”
Iona took a moment to organize her thoughts. She was still in disbelief and did not want to offend the couple, but she was curious and said, “Let’s just say this is all true. What do they look like?” Iona tried to sound as sincere as she could. “I understand zombies can be hideous sights.”
Devario spoke up. “I’ve been told that they sometimes appear as real people, reeking with the unmistakable stench of decay. Sometimes they rise from the grave as ghostly wisps of black smoke, and other times they resemble animals.” Devario glanced at Wiskee.
Iona felt that all-too-familiar rock hit the pit of her stomach. Those black smoky fingers around my neck earlier today…those could have been Draugar. She shook her head a few rapid times. What am I thinking? Quickly she tuned back in to what Devario was saying.
“They can grow in size. They truly become heavy, very heavy. Some take on the size of a water buffalo and are just as solid. It’s like they can change into whatever they want, whenever they want.”
Iona immediately thought of Lucasphair. She asked, “How did the Draugar get here?” She could sense her skepticism creeping closer to belief.
Kelpie wiped her sweaty palms on her bunad and sighed when she saw the puzzlement that now covered Iona’s face. “They’re the Evil that came with the chunk from Earth that SUL made into Planet Water. Most likely the graves of the Vikings are in a part of this planet.”
Iona still did not want to believe what she was hearing. She batted her eyes a few times in an attempt to grasp what Kelpie had said and asked, “Do they have gills like you and Devario?”
“Já. They apparently received the same as we did at the time Planet Water was formed. We know SUL’s magic was weak at the time, and we understand anything could have happened because of that, even though He didn’t mean for it to.”
Iona shuddered and once again thought of Lucasphair and FAZ. She wanted more information. “These Draugar...can they do magic?”
Devario spoke. “Legend has it they can do some kind of magic, dark magic. It’s been said they know how to predict the future, change the weather, and drive animals mad for no reason. I’ve even heard they can swim through stone. We can only assume it’s the Draugar who have taken nearly all of the gilled people who inhabit the floating islands. The hideous Draugar have pilfered and plundered their captives’ homes. We’ve not seen our kind for a very, very long time—young or old. We’re ever so fearful. We’ve hidden this information from Arrowanna, and for good reason.”
“That reason being...?”
Devario answered, “They’re only legend, and we didn’t want to scare her.” Iona saw Kelpie give Devario another elbow.
Iona questioned, “My thought is, if the Draugar didn’t come here to get Arrowanna before she left, they’re not going to get her and the others now, no matter where they are.”
“Oh, but they will. They will,” Kelpie wept.
Iona pondered. She slipped back into disbelief. “I thought you said they were legend?”
Kelpie was quick to answer. “We kept telling ourselves that because they’re so gruesome, but something happened that brought me out of my denial.” She touched Devario’s face. “He’s still not willing to believe the whole thing.”
Iona felt her face flush.
Kelpie said, “It’s hard for him.” She hugged Devario. “SUL warned us to be watchful. When Arrowanna’s sixteenth birthday came and she set out on her journey, the magic to keep our home invisible ran out. Now that our children are out on their own, we fear that Arrowanna, her sister, and her twin brothers will be vulnerable targets. Not so much to Draugar directly, but indirectly. We know that SUL sent Charleo, Jit, and Giddy from Maycly to help Arrowanna, but we don’t really know how much help they’re going to be against those dead, gilled, Viking menaces, should they decide to kill and eat...” Kelpie stopped when Devario dropped his face into his hands.
Iona cleared the lump in her throat and spoke. “I don’t want to make light of your situation. Let’s say they aren’t legend, and they are real.” Again, Iona felt the piercing glare from Devario. She continued with a gingerly tone. “I don’t know how else to ask this: why are the Draugar capturing everyone and not just The Carrier and her band of protectors?”
Kelpie said, “We’re sure the Draugar are merely following Arrowanna at this point and don’t plan on doing away with her until they get what they want, that being the Element. The Draugar want to get their hands on the Element and put it in its place so Evil will reign and obliterate SUL’s plans for His new Earth.”
Devario took over. “These sickening walking-dead Vikings know once Arrowanna has the Element she’ll fall right into their trap. We’re guessing when she has the Element, a Draugr will send someone to approach her to deliver the news of the captives. And once she gets wind that all of the gilled people are in danger, she’ll be the first to respond and try to rescue them. I would expect nothing less of her. Her heart is in the right place, but sometimes that gets in the way of doing the right thing.”
Iona felt her expression change involuntarily.
Devario added, “Not that rescuing the captives is a bad thing to do, but it will lead her right into the Draugar’s trap. In our gut we fear she’ll choose to rescue the captives instead of performing her duty as The Carrier. At only sixteen, the combination of her spirit of adventure and her compassion may confuse her, and she may choose to follow her compassionate heart. Oh Iona, what can we do?”
Iona had a single answer, “Trust SUL.”
Kelpie repeated herself saying: “We’re positive the Draugar of the Abyss have been watching Arrowanna...”
“Nei, we’re not!” snapped Devario.
Kelpie turned in a flash. “Devario. When are you going to face reality? I’m not one to be harsh on you, but you have to wake up. Surely you know that what we found confirms their existence.”
“And why do you embarrass me in front of the Queen of Maycly?”
Iona rushed in and hugged Devario. “There is no need to be embarrassed.” He looked into Iona’s eyes, and she said, “Believe me when I say I understand what it’s like not to want to believe the truth. Kelpie is only trying to help you, I’m certain.”
Kelpie kissed Devario’s cheek. “Iona’s right.” Kelpie turned her attention back to Iona. “The Draugar have been using their mystical magic throughout Arrowanna’s life—a hard reality to face, but we know they’ve become quite familiar with her and her habits.” Kelpie looked at Devario, who reluctantly urged her to go on. “Throughout her childhood, even up to the night before she left, she had nightmares that seemed all too real to her. We would race to her room when we heard her screaming. She swore she saw gruesome creatures standing at the window, sneaking in and out of her closet, and lingering by a campfire under her bed. We skirted reality and told her there was no way things of the darkness could find her room. The house was invisible.”
“So what made you believe they were—are—real?”
“I admit, neither of us believed her at first. Then we discovered things in Ways of the Water that were too intense for children to hear. It frightened us as adults. But the real clincher came when Arrowanna left to find the Element; we took down the blanket dangling from her hanging bed. She and Sidra and their brothers often made a pretend castle to play in, and we found a charred spot on the floor, right there under her bed.” Kelpie paused.
Iona sensed Kelpie was feeling guilty. Tears flowed from Kelpie’s eyes, but she continued, “When Arrowanna told us those gnarly corpses were manifesting through her nightmares...” Kelpie paused again, bit her bottom lip, then finished, “...we hid the truth from her and only comforted her as any parent would following such a scare.”
Iona asked, “Couldn’t it have been the children playing and building a campfire? I don’t mean you let them play with matches, I mean...”
Kelpie’s clipped answer was cold and hard. “Nei. The stench of the undead reeks from the burned place.”
Iona could tell that Devario was breaking down when he said, “I just can’t bring myself to believe our oldest has been troubled with these monsters since she was a little girl, and I didn’t do anything about it.” He wept uncontrollably.
Iona knew she was their only chance of making sure Arrowanna and her siblings arrived safely at the castle, placed the Element, and returned home to their loving parents. She spoke with authority, “These monsters from the darkness, whatever they are, have got to be stopped. And Charleo, along with Jit and Giddy, are just the team to thwart any Evil efforts.” Iona reached out and put her hand on Devario’s shoulder. He clutched her hand with firmness.
Iona’s mind was racing. She held both Devario’s and Kelpie’s hands as she devised a plan on the spot. “We’re going to do everything we can to find Arrowanna.” She hesitated then said, “Look at me. Listen to me.” Their eyes met. “Come with me, Wiskee, Spike, and Thassalon to the castle. I’m certain we’ll find Charleo and the others along the way. There’s safety—and power—in numbers. We can overcome any danger that would try to stop us.” Iona thought of the Battle of Good and Evil and remembered how enormous FAZ had become the day she defeated him. She said, “I’ve fought off much worse, I’m sure. Please, come with us.” Iona could tell by Wiskee’s expression her tone was more serious than he liked to hear.
Devario’s brows pushed downward. “We can’t.”
“Why not? If your children aren’t here, why do you need to stay?”
“Two reasons: first, we’re forbidden to go near the castle, let alone into it. Our planet’s instruction book, Ways of the Water, says all must keep their distance, and only the king, his court, his servants, and The Carrier are allowed in the castle. And at that, The Carrier only possesses a small window of opportunity to enter and place the Element in its final destination. Ways of the Water states that Arrowanna will know the time.” Devario hesitated and looked down at the floor, then he finished. “And secondly, we want to be here when our children return.”
“We can get around the first reason. I’m the Queen of Maycly; certainly that counts for something, right?”
Devario and Kelpie stared at Iona without responding.
“Whether you decide to go with us or not, I have to go to the castle and meet Arrowanna before she enters. I must get the final secret piece to her.”
“What secret piece?” Devario was nearing panic. “Is she in more danger than just Draugar without this piece?”
Iona answered, “I don’t know what dangers she and her siblings face.” Iona saw Devario’s and Kelpie’s faces and added, “If any. But I’ve strict orders from SUL not to tell anyone other than the individual Carriers what I have for them, and even at that, I can’t tell them until the appointed time.” She paused. “I can tell you this, though: if I don’t get to Arrowanna before she places the Element, SUL’s new Earth will not come into existence.”
Devario shouted, “Then run!”
Iona took Wiskee and headed for the door. “I won’t let you down. Thassalon will have me to the castle in the blink of an eye.”
Devario spoke with enough authority to stop Iona in her tracks. “Nei! Do not take Thassalon. I literally mean run. Go on foot. Run! I’m warning you.”
“But the fastest way to the castle would be by air. I have to take Thassalon. He’ll fly so fast no one will see us.” Iona stared at them hoping to convince them to trust her. She knew from their long faces she had not even begun to calm their fears, but she also knew she had to do what she had to do. 
She rushed back to them, gave each one a kiss on the cheek, and let Wiskee follow her lead. She spoke with confidence. “I will get there in time. SUL’s new Earth will come to be, and your children will return safely to you. You have my word.” Iona gulped at her intense promises. She knew the children were in good hands with Charleo, Jit, and Giddy. She also trusted SUL with every ounce of trust she had, for she knew if she did not, she would never succeed. And on top of everything else, Iona was eager to return home to find her son, Jonji, who had gone missing not long after she left Maycly on the first step of her mission to reach Planet Land.
“We believe you, Iona. Now go, however you see fit. But I do wish you would go on foot,” said Devario with welled-up tears.
Iona hated to leave Devario and Kelpie with such terrorizing news, but they had chosen to stay behind, and she knew she could neither worry nor feel responsible if anything happened to them. Her main priority was to find Arrowanna before it was too late, and she knew the clock was ticking. She ran through the door with Wiskee in her arms.
Once atop Thassalon she shouted, “Hyah!” They flew above Arrowanna’s old cypress dwelling. Iona looked down and saw Devario and Kelpie zipping under the water like dolphins as they swam to a sandy spot. She saw them leap from the water like penguins and land on a sandbar. They waved to her. She returned a wave and guided Thassalon over the top of the colorful trees, then straight up, following the line of the vertical rock to the castle. “We’re going to make it! Hyah Thassalon, hyah!”
3
Thassalon Meets His Match

Iona’s stomach did a flip. She screamed, “Whoa, big fella! Whoa, Thassalon!” She had never heard such shrieking from a mandibleron gryphon. Thassalon was out of control. “Wiskee! Hang on!” With one hand Iona reached up and held onto her crown. She white-knuckled the reins in the other hand to keep her balance. She could see Wiskee chomp down on a mouthful of Spike’s quills so he could hang on, causing Spike to dig in deeper to Thassalon’s back. But all their efforts were to no avail. Thassalon rolled upside down, and they all lost their grip, falling head-over-heels. She cringed when Thassalon’s shrieking increased in volume.
SUL, please help us, Iona called inwardly as they tumbled into the colorful treetops. She felt and heard the tree limbs break across her back. She clung to her crown with both hands. She nearly hurled at the sound of Wiskee’s frightened yapping and yipping through the trees. Spike added bellowing catlike squeals to the frantic mix, and the hair stood on the back of Iona’s neck.
It seemed to take forever to reach the ground. She braced herself, but the soft forest floor gently greeted her, and she realized SUL had heard her silent plea. She assumed He had ordered the trees to lower them to the ground. She ran to find the others.
Iona saw Wiskee board Spike; they began to weave and duck through the massive tree trunks toward her. When the three of them met, Iona wasted no time hopping on Spike’s back with Wiskee. Spike let out a groan. “Spike, I know you’re a miniature icataras, but I’m trusting SUL will give you the strength to carry Wiskee and me to find Thassalon. It shouldn’t be too hard, we’ll just follow his cries. Sounds like he’s not too far away!”
Wiskee directed a sharp bark at Spike, and Iona took a deep breath and let out a sigh of relief when Spike crouched then lunged into the air with ease. She thanked SUL inwardly for hearing and answering her second silent request. Worried about the Grand Wizard’s state of health, Iona did not want to completely drain Him. She felt SUL reassure her from Maycly that it was a much needed plea, and she had no reason to worry about such things. Iona smiled.
Her heart pounded as Thassalon continued to shriek just long enough to give them a good idea of where to find him. Spike landed by Thassalon’s head, and Iona ran to the panting mandib. His breath was hot, heavy, and damp. She saw the whites of his widened, large gold eyes, alerting her that he was in desperate need of help. Iona sensed much pain and discomfort in his gaze. She found herself wishing she had run like Devario had encouraged her to do instead of putting them all in harm’s way and allowing this to happen.
Iona reached out to Thassalon. “There, there, big fella.” She stroked his cheek and heard him trying to purr, but he choked instead. “Shhhh. Easy. Stay still. I’m here. SUL is with us in spirit. We’ll be fine.” She rubbed his cheek again and massaged the soft spot between his eyes. She felt him begin to calm at her touch, happy to see his eyes returning to normal and hear his panting returning to regular breathing. She looked at the enormous creature lying on his back with his wings fully spread, bending the surrounding trees with their weight. She walked from his head to the tip of his tail, making certain not to step on his wing but to walk around it. Wiskee followed right at her feet. Iona knew Wiskee was terribly concerned, as his compassion for animals had served him well on Maycly, making him the AGW (Animal General Wiskee) during the training and battles on Maycly. Iona was glad he was with her now, and she was careful not to trip over him.
Everything on Thassalon’s left side was intact; there was no blood. Iona crested the tip of his tail and started up his right side to look for any injuries. She made her way alongside his torso toward his head and noticed an odd substance oozing from beneath the bottom edge of his wing; it was gooey, black, and the thickness of tar. Wiskee stopped with one paw in mid air.
As Iona approached the stickiness, the aroma caused her to gag. “What is that wretched smell?”
Wiskee growled. He gingerly made his way to the edge of Thassalon’s wing, avoiding the black ooze. Then, with snarling teeth showing, he backed up. 
Iona froze at Wiskee’s actions. A chill came over her.
4
Gills, Chills, and Thrills
~A Few Weeks Earlier~

Arrowanna was a spry, athletic fifteen-year-old girl. Her rich blue eyes popped open when the floating islands bumped into one another. She looked at the ceiling of her loft filled with sparkly, beaded accessories dancing in the sun rays, and she let out a contented sigh. The islands bumped again. She giggled then jumped from her soft suspended bed and rushed to the slightly off-round window to take in the sights. The wind rushed through her golden locks as it did every morning, bringing back fond memories. She recalled her fourth birthday when her módir2 stood close to her fadir3, the wonderful man who had told her her first tales of Planet Water from the planet’s guidebook, Ways of the Water. She remembered wiggling from Devario’s arms when she heard about the floating islands for the first time. She would never forget his loving, strong hand, which he kept on her as she stood on the flat sill of the nearly round, open-air window that was four feet in diameter. She reminisced about her excitement when she had steadied herself with both hands on one side of the window and leaned outward to see if what her fadir3 was saying was true, though he quickly pulled her back in. She remembered discovering that the butterflies in her belly each morning were caused by the islands sailing from the edge of darkness in the west back to the eastern edge of darkness where the light was the brightest. She thought about how peaceful the islands’ calm, slow, gliding motions were throughout each day as they sailed back to the west. As she grew older she marveled at how the floating islands never left the light of the sun; instead, they always chased after it, just like the blooms on her favorite flowers, the spider lilies.
Arrowanna turned her head, and a stiff breeze caused her hair to cover her face. She turned back, and her shiny curls swished from her eyes. She smiled when she remembered playing with her friends and the sea life on that day almost twelve years ago. She thought about being so tired and not minding when Devario called to her to come to him. She could still feel his strong arms as he held her that day at the shoreline and let her watch the islands finish floating slowly across the pristine waters. “They will always gather at the dark edge in the west to complete the day, but they will never enter the darkness.” She could hear his voice in her memory.
The floating islands were Arrowanna’s favorite thing on Planet Water. She leaned even further out of the window to breathe the balmy air. It brought back the conversation with her fadir3, still vivid enough to seem like yesterday. “Poppie, why will we never enter the darkness?” To this day she could repeat his answer, word for word: “My dear daughter, our islands will never enter the darkness because of the dangers there. But beware, things of the darkness can lurk in our light side at will. You can get lost in the darkness if you’re not careful where you play in the water. Always stay where the sunbeams dance beneath the surface, and you’ll be safe.” Arrowanna had never tired of the memories of that day, nor of the day’s very special beginning and ending.
She startled from her dream world when Kelpie shouted, “Breakfast!”
“Coming, Meemaw.” Arrowanna rushed down the massive flat rocks of the spiral staircase inside their giant cypress tree home.
“We won the race today!” shouted Meilí at Arrowanna. He high-fived his twin brother, Torleik.
Arrowanna laughed. “I’ll get you two tomorrow.” She smugly directed her next question to Torleik. “Are you sure Sidra wasn’t here first?”
Torleik held up his hand with three fingers curled, his thumb and little finger sticking up. He bounced his hand through the air and said, “Seahorse’s honor. We sat down first.”
“Sidra, is that true, or are you the winner today?”
Sidra scrunched her face and hung her head. “I was here first, but not in my chair first.”
“Well then, I’ll just have to see to it I pick you up on my way down tomorrow and we’ll be the winners.” Arrowanna blew her baby sister a kiss. Sidra smiled and bobbed an exaggerated nod.
Arrowanna had made it through almost the entire breakfast, but her curiosity got the best of her. She caused everyone to jump when she broke the rare silence, “All right. What’s up? Why aren’t any of you talking?” She saw Kelpie glance at Devario. Her siblings did not look up.
After more of the same questioning and no answering, Meilí asked, “May we be excused, Poppie? Meemaw?”
Both smiled. Devario said, “Já, you may. Take Sidra with you. Now run on.” None of them hesitated. Arrowanna, too, started to get up to leave but was sternly asked by her módir2 to remain at the table.
Arrowanna did not know how to take her parents’ unusual expressions. She did not know whether she should be afraid, excited, or confused. Using her lily pad napkin she nervously wiped her mouth. “Am I in some kind of trouble?”
Devario answered, “Nei, you’re not in trouble. But you are about to face the adventure of a lifetime.”
Finally, an answer, Arrowanna thought, and it’s something good! She stood and shouted with joy, “Oh boy! An adventure. I love adventures.” Relieved, thinking she was off the hook, she danced herself to Devario’s side. “Where are we going? On an underwater camping trip?” She skipped to Kelpie. “Do I get to dive for treasure?”
“Something like that.” Devario closed his eyes.
“Then if it’s an underwater camping trip I need to get packing. I can’t think of a better way to celebrate. This is the perfect birthday present! With one of my most important birthdays being tomorrow, I couldn’t be happier to be going on a trip. I’ll be turning sixteen, and nothing would be sweeter than spending a few days with my family underwater, playing, looking for treasure, and...”
“Arrowanna. You’ve always been the dreamer of the family. But this time it’s not a dream. It’s real. There’s something we must tell you.” Kelpie took Arrowanna’s now trembling hand in hers. She pulled Arrowanna around to the chair next to her. Arrowanna sat, and her eyes widened. She felt her heart pick up the pace with anticipation of Kelpie’s next words. “I don’t know how else to say it, so I’m just going to blurt it out.”
Arrowanna gulped.
Kelpie looked her daughter square in the eyes and said, “On your sixteenth birthday you are to depart and find the elemental piece.”
Arrowanna released her módir’s2 hand in a hurry. “I don’t understand. Poppie and you have both told me that job belongs to someone very special. They call that person ‘The Carrier.’ Don’t get me wrong, it’d be a great honor to be The Carrier, but The Carrier is someone who’s strong, courageous, adventurous, and feisty. I’m adventurous for certain. But I’m not strong or courageous. Maybe a bit feisty.” She shifted her eyes several times between her parents. “I also know I’m full of compassion and curiosity, neither of which is hardly a Carrier’s main trait.” In denial, Arrowanna jumped from her seat and hurried toward the kitchen window in hopes of shirking the responsibility. She thought, If I really am The Carrier, then I’m going to do everything I can to get out of it.
Her tone changed to fake sincerity. “Can you imagine getting to be The Carrier? You’d get to see so many new and wonderful things. Oh, the excitement that thought holds. But it’s not me.” She twirled her way back to her seat. Staring at her parents’ solemn expressions she whined, “It can’t be. It can’t be me. No. I can’t be The Carrier.” She put her hands together in front of her face. “Please don’t make me do this.” Arrowanna lowered her hands, smiled a beautiful smile, and batted her eyes at her parents. “Pretty please?” She looked up and saw her siblings intently watching from the large vines that were strung between their lofts.
Arrowanna recalled a story she had read in Ways of the Water. Panic stricken, she raced to the door and made a mad dash to the shoreline. She turned to look at their cypress house and noticed parts of it were no longer invisible. Feeling uncomfortable at the sight, she rushed back into the dwelling. She sighed long and hard before she spoke. “I have to confess something.”
But she paused too long. Devario blurted, “Well what is it?”
Arrowanna’s eyes rose slowly to meet his. “I’ve known all along that we’re the invisible dwelling that holds The Carrier.” She felt her stomach turn upside down. She slumped into her chair, waiting for the scolding.
Devario responded just as she thought he would. “You’ve known all along? You were forbidden to read that! Do you know the danger you could have put this family in by doing that? What were you thinking? You’re acting like a typical teenager.” His gills flared.
Kelpie slowly stood and spoke through gritted teeth. “Devario. Enough.” Arrowanna was happy when Kelpie scolded Devario. “Arrowanna loves to read. Is that really a crime? So she’s known all along. And nothing, no danger, has come to our dwelling. We’re all here, and we’re all fine. This is quite a load for a young girl to bear. I suggest you ease up.” She smiled, kissed him on the top of his head, smoothed his gills with her hands, and sat back down. She put her hand on top of his. Her tone softened. “My dear, I’m very sorry I raised my voice. The truth is, Arrowanna is The Carrier, and that is what we need to focus on now. The past is the past. Let it go.”
Arrowanna said, “But there must be some mistake. It’s not me. It’s got to be Meilí or Torleik. Not me. Please, not me.”
Devario’s frustration was still evident in his voice. “If you knew of the invisible dwelling, then you would also know of the messenger.”
Reluctantly Arrowanna agreed. 
She watched as Devario clutched the fishbowl centerpiece. “Then let me introduce you to the messenger.”
Arrowanna’s jaw dropped. “Whinnie? Our little Whinnie is the messenger? Did he glow and point directly at The Carrier with one of his fins?”
Devario confirmed his nod with a resounding, “Já. Just as Ways of the Water prophesied.”
Arrowanna continued to scramble for a way out of the situation. “And Whinnie pointed to Meilí and Torleik, right? And when you told them, they said they didn’t want to do it, so you just thought I’d do it instead because I’m the oldest?” Arrowanna was agitated.
Devario’s voice became deep and sure. “Nei, Arrowanna. Whinnie pointed at you and only you. And if you know all you claim to know, you are fully aware that The Carrier will begin the journey on her sixteenth birthday.”
She made up a story on the spot. “Nei. Ways of the Water said 26 was the age. And I thought since Meilí and Torleik both turned 13 a month ago, and they’re twins—that made a total of 26, meaning they would both go, and somehow they’re getting a late start.” She folded her arms and tried to look honest.
Devario retaliated with a stern voice. “Arrowanna! You have never lied about anything in your life, and might I suggest you don’t try it again. You’re failing miserably at the task.”
Embarrassed, Arrowanna unfolded her arms, and her hands slammed onto her hips. With tear-filled eyes she looked up at her siblings again. This time she saw Meilí whisper to Torleik. They jumped to their feet, Torleik snapped up Sidra, and they ran across the large vine to the twins’ loft. She heard the door shut.
“May I be excused, please?” Arrowanna asked.
Kelpie beat Devario to the punch and said, “Most certainly.” Arrowanna appreciated her módir’s2 gentle voice.
Arrowanna took her time climbing the stairs to her loft. She stopped to look out each open window at the amazing view, now blurred by her tears. She entered her loft and walked to the not-so-round window where she thought long and hard. A brightly colored aqua fairy flew up from the water, her wings fluttering and her tail fins pumping through the air, and greeted Arrowanna at the window. Around the aqua fairy hung a scroll. The aqua fairy squeaked a few words at Arrowanna and gestured for her to take the scroll. Arrowanna took it, then she watched the aqua fairy fly back into the water far below.
“Psst!” 
Arrowanna jumped at the hissing coming from under her desk. She quickly put the scroll in her pocket and walked to the open side of the desk where she found Meilí, Torleik, and Sidra huddled together beneath it. “What are you guys doing in here? Did you come to laugh at me? Go ahead. Laugh. You have no idea what lies ahead. I’ve been reading and learning about The Carrier. It’s not a job for someone like me. Why did SUL pick me? Go ahead, laugh it up.” More tears rolled down her rosy cheeks.
Sidra crawled out from under the desk, and Arrowanna stepped to the side. Sidra climbed onto Arrowanna’s suspended woven seaweed bed and took a seat. “Come on up Sis. We’re not going to laugh at you. I promise.” Arrowanna half smiled when Sidra gave her the familiar hand sign and said, “Seahorse’s honor.”
Arrowanna climbed up onto her bed and lay on her stomach next to Sidra. She watched Meilí and Torleik slither out from under her desk and make their way to the edge of the hanging bed. The bottom edge of the bed met them at their chests; their eyes met Arrowanna’s.
Torleik said, “Arrowanna, we’re not here to laugh at you. We’re here to tell you we’re going with you.”
Arrowanna’s expression went limp. “And why would you want to do that? Have you not even considered what kind of Evil lurks in the dark?”
Meilí said, “Já. And that’s exactly why we’re going with you. You can’t and won’t change our minds.”
Meilí and Torleik raised their hands and said in unison, “Seahorse’s honor.”
Arrowanna chewed her bottom lip and thought, It sure would be nice to have some backup. She said, “I think it’d be great if you guys would come with me.”
“Really?” exclaimed Meilí.
“Absolutely!” Arrowanna’s three siblings smiled at her decision. “But Sidra’s not coming. I won’t allow it.” Arrowanna’s big-sister tone was sharp.
“Don’t worry, we already know she’s not. We plan on her staying right here and keeping Meemaw and Poppie safe.”
“But how are the three of them going to stay safe now that the invisibility of our home will be gone? Have you looked at this place from the outside lately?” Arrowanna asked. “You won’t believe your eyes when you do. You know we’re supposed to be the invisible dwelling that houses The Carrier.”
“Já, we know. We saw it yesterday,” said Meilí. 
“But when we saw it start happening yesterday, we thought it was going to be one of us,” Torleik said. “We were shocked last night when we found out from Meemaw and Poppie that it’s you."
Arrowanna could not hold back the tears. She said as she cried, “You mean they told you before they told me?”
Torleik took his Sister’s hand; it helped calm her somewhat.
Meilí said, “Well, sort of. It was like this: they were acting a little weird. When they shut our door, we raced to listen to their conversation. With our ears pressed to the door we heard them go back down the stairs, talking about it. That’s when we decided we were going with you because you’ll need a man’s strength to fight off those walking-dead Vikings.” Meilí raised his arms in a muscle man’s pose.
Arrowanna reached down and squeezed Meilí’s bicep. “A man’s?”
Meilí jerked his arm away. “You know what I mean. There might be some stuff that a girl just couldn’t do and would need a man’s—okay a boy’s—strength.”
“I want to be a Carrier too,” said Sidra. “I’m coming with you whether you like it or not.” She sat up on her knees, and struck a stately pose, miming pulling a sword from a sheath. “I will kill those bad Vikings. I will slay them with my magic sword!”
“You mean your imaginary sword. That’s comforting,” said Torleik.
Arrowanna gently pushed Sidra over on the bed and said, “Nei, you’re not coming with us. And that’s final. I couldn’t live with the fact that my six-year-old sister could fall at the mercy of the Draugar of the Abyss, or any other Evil that lurks about out there. The answer is nei.”
Torleik said, “She’s right Sidra. Besides, Meemaw and Poppie need you here. You’ll have to take care of them while we’re away. Okay?”
Arrowanna let out a sigh of relief when she saw Sidra nod after thinking about it.
Meilí spoke up. “Now, let’s get down to business. You’re supposed to be ready to go tomorrow morning. That means we need to leave at day’s end tonight, right after bedtime, so Meemaw and Poppie don’t see us leaving.”
Arrowanna shook her head. “We’ll see about that.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out the small scroll. She saw her siblings’ eyes lock onto the blue glittery paper tied with a coral-colored bow. “Let’s see what the scroll says first. I’m sure it’s from SUL. An aqua fairy just delivered it to my window.”
“How do you know it’s from SUL?” asked Sidra.
“Like I said, I’ve been studying. Plus I felt something special inside when I took the scroll.” She patted Sidra on the head then read the scroll aloud:

Dear Arrowanna,

At the end of Earth’s days I saved four pieces of Earth. I made them into tiny planets—Planet Land, Planet Water, Planet Sky, and Planet Fire—and hid them beneath Maycly. I have appointed a Carrier on each to find and carry the elemental piece of their planet to a designated place. Planet Water’s elemental piece must be in place in the castle before the enchanted starfish finish their dance atop the water.
The Carrier, and no one else, must place the Element in its respective place. For if the Element is placed by any other than The Carrier, My new Earth will not come to pass, and Evil will consume the universe.
I was weakened, and my magic was nearly drained following the battle of Good and Evil on Maycly. This is the reason I created the much smaller elemental planets and assigned The Carriers to each. I had not the magic left to create My new Earth alone. It is now up to you, The Carriers, to bring about the creation of My new Earth.
You have proven yourself throughout your sixteen years of life. On your sixteenth birthday you shall officially become The Carrier for the elemental piece of Planet Water. Do not attempt to leave before that day begins. I extend My gratitude to you and The Carriers on the other planets; you are responsible for tasks that are more important than you will ever know.
Your journey will be one that leads you into danger. I broke your elemental piece into three separate sections and hid them; the purpose of this was to keep the entire Element from the Evil that lurks about Planet Water. On the morning of your sixteenth birthday, go to the shoreline at your dwelling where a magic tall ship will be awaiting you. Sail this ship to the loner island, the Island of Mystery, the island not many have seen. Look for the glistening petrified log there. Place the scroll on the log, and your first clue will be absorbed into the scroll; it will then tell the ship where to sail to find the first elemental piece.
Further instructions will be absorbed at their proper times. Do not lose this scroll, for it—and only it—holds the magic to reveal to the ship the location of the three pieces.
I wish you well. I am trusting you; trust Me in return.

The Grand Wizard,
SUL

No one said a word. They looked at Arrowanna.
Arrowanna laid the scroll at her side and put her chin on her folded hands. After she thought for a moment she pushed herself up with her arms and, with a sheepish grin on her face, said to her twin brothers, “I’ve got a plan. I know how the two of you can go with me.”
5
Stowaways

Their island floated back toward the sun. Arrowanna burst into Sidra’s room, snapped up her baby sister, and raced down the stairs. Footsteps thundered on the flat rocks behind them. Arrowanna could sense their pursuers gaining on them. She dashed into the kitchen, plopped Sidra into her seat at the breakfast table, and shouted, “Beat!” to the two very disappointed faces that came around the corner. Arrowanna made a graceful motion toward Sidra and said, “Meet our winner of the day. I guess you boys overslept this morning. Or are you up to no good?”
The expressions on Meilí and Torleik’s faces were priceless. Arrowanna added, “Go on. Admit it. Sidra won this morning’s race.”
Torleik said, “She sure did. She won this one fair and square. And may she win many more to come.” Arrowanna raised her eyebrows and twisted her mouth a bit when she saw him chew the inside of his jaw. She felt that Torleik sounded a bit too kind for losing the morning race.
Kelpie did not even have to see them to know what was going on. She flipped a pancake and said, “All right you four. It’s a big day. Aren’t you going to wish your sister a very special happy birthday?”
Meilí began his own dramatic presentation. “Oh, yes, certainly. We forgot it was her sixteenth birthday. Didn’t we Sidra?”
Sidra’s head bobbed with exaggeration. “We did, Sis. Sorry about that.”
Arrowanna leaned into her brothers and sister and whispered, “Enough with the acting. Now act normal.”
“But you just said to quit acting,” whispered Meilí. That made Sidra giggle.
Kelpie, not looking, reminded them from her place at the stove, “No secrets at the table. You know the rules.”
“Sorry Meemaw. We were just having fun racing to the table, and I was telling Sidra the secret to our winning.” Arrowanna got the attention of her three siblings and mouthed one last secret, “I mean it. Act normal.”
A chorus of the birthday song began. Devario entered just in time to carry the high stack of pancakes to the table. Arrowanna could not help but smile at the lop-sided, fruit-covered stack adorned with too much whipped cream, too many chocolate chips, and a cherry, all of which were melting from the sixteen candles that were flickering on top.
“Make a wish, Sis. And make it a good one,” said Sidra.
Arrowanna thought of a million wishes, but chose only one. She thought of the situation at hand. It frightened her beyond any fear she had ever felt. She closed her eyes and silently thought, I wish I had never been born. She opened her eyes and smiled; only she knew her expression was nowhere near genuine. She blew out the candles, and everyone cheered. Arrowanna felt a lump in her throat and a rock in the pit of her stomach. She longed for the butterflies in her belly, but only nausea occupied her insides as the floating island sailed to greet the light of the new day. She did her best to continue laughing and talking. She expressed her excitement about the day, all the while dealing with nerves on a level she had never experienced.
Torleik, Meilí, and Sidra asked to be excused. Devario and Kelpie granted their wishes, and off the children ran. Arrowanna watched them climb the stairs and dash across the thick vines to their lofts. She continued to linger with her parents for a bit. She was seeking the comfort only a módir2 and fadir3 could give. Plus, she wanted to give Torleik and Meilí the allotted time, according to her plan, to make sure they would be joining her on the journey. Arrowanna knew that her parents were doing their best to assure her that being The Carrier was quite an honor. She listened carefully to them as they encouraged her to begin her adventure with a good attitude. Most of all, she knew she must not disappoint SUL.
Arrowanna waited until she saw Torleik and Meilí make their exit. She was a jumble of emotions. Her eyes welled up, and she spoke with a trembling voice, “Poppie. Meemaw, would you please come with me to my loft for a moment. I want to talk to you alone, where others won’t come traipsing through.”
Kelpie was first up. She had never left such a mess on the table. Devario jumped at the chance as well. He motioned to Arrowanna. “What are you waiting for? Let’s go sweet-sixteen girl of mine.”
Arrowanna slid across the floor on her tip-toes, took Devario’s and Kelpie’s hands, and they climbed the stairs, Kelpie humming all the way up. Arrowanna shut the door behind her and let out a big sigh. 
Devario and Kelpie walked over and stood by the big, off-round window with their backs to Arrowanna. Devario put one arm around Kelpie. Arrowanna thought that was sweet, but it seemed odd they would not look at her. She decided it was an opportune time to leave her good-bye note on her dresser, unnoticed. The note, filled with x’s and o’s, now appeared a bit splotchy from her tears. It also held the news that Torleik and Meilí were going with her. She hoped her parents would not be too upset but would appreciate the letter just the same.
“Poppie. Meemaw. I had another vivid nightmare just last night. It was hideous. The Draugar tried to tie me up, but their smoky ropes went right through me. I could feel them burning as they sliced my insides. Couldn’t you hear me screaming? Or was I doing those silent screams?”
Arrowanna received no answer. Confused, yet relieved at not having to talk to them face to face, she continued, “I don’t think I’m ready for this. Trouble is, I have to be. I don’t know how to be The Carrier. I don’t even know where to start. All I know is that I’m to sail on a magic ship to a certain island. There I’m supposed to place this scroll...” she took a moment to make certain it was in her pocket “...on the shimmering petrified log and it will tell me more. What if I don’t find the right log? What if the ship isn’t magic and it’s a trick by the Draugar? Poppie, I’m so scared.” She paused and got no response. “Say something. Meemaw. Please.”
Devario and Kelpie were motionless; they continued staring out the window, seeming to be mesmerized by what they were looking at. Without turning around, Devario raised his hand and said, “Come.”
As Arrowanna approached, Devario’s voice sounded to her as though he were in a trance. He said, “The scroll is real. It is from SUL, and it will tell you all you need to know.” When he felt Arrowanna’s hand in his he gently pulled her toward the window. “Come stand on the window sill. I think you’ll feel better once you take a look at what awaits you.”
Arrowanna wiped away a tear running down Kelpie’s cheek. After much hesitation Arrowanna stepped up into the window, though she had to crouch—she was taller now than when she was four. Her frightened state switched to a joyous one when she caught her first glimpse of the tall ship’s masts appearing just above the treetops. She felt excitement replace her last bit of fear when she saw the entire tall ship rise above the trees and hover in the air.
“Hello!” came a shout from the ship. Arrowanna did not recognize the voice. She waved back at a small man standing in the crow’s nest. Sparkles burst from the wee man’s beard then trailed through the air and stopped right in front of Arrowanna. 
“I’m Jit, and this is my best friend, Giddy. We’re Sprites. And the chukkon in the crow’s nest is Charleo.”
Overly zealous, Giddy flew a bit closer and said, “We’re actually Charleo’s appointed Sprites.”
Jit pulled Giddy back and said, “We’re from Maycly. Charleo too. We’ve been sent by SUL to watch over you and protect you. We’re to make certain you find the elemental piece and get it to the place it needs to be.”
“And on time, of course,” Giddy added.
Jit and Giddy both removed their tiny pirate-style do-rags and took a bow in midair. Their small gold earrings clinked together. Jit finished with, “It’s an honor to meet you, Arrowanna.”
Arrowanna loved their sailor attire. “I’m certain the pleasure is all mine.” She turned slightly and said, “This is my módir2 and fadir3, Kelpie and Devario.” Arrowanna’s pride in her parents grew when they bowed and curtsied to the Sprites.
“So pleased to meet both of you,” said Jit.
“You don’t know how much better I feel knowing SUL has sent you to protect our oldest. She’s a very unique daughter indeed.” Devario kissed Arrowanna’s hand.
Giddy returned a compliment. “I’m sure she is or SUL wouldn’t have made her The Carrier. Carriers are very different from most others. They’re feisty, full of courage, bravery, and compassion, and they offer up a zest for adventure.”
Arrowanna looked at Devario and said, “Gee, I wonder where I’ve heard that before?” Then she laughed. “I must admit, I’ve been afraid for the past few hours, but now with you guys here, I know I can do this.” She waved at Charleo again.
“That’s the spirit!” Jit shouted. “Grab the things you’ve packed for your journey, and we’ll meet you at the shoreline.” Arrowanna watched him bow, along with Giddy, and they both zipped back to the floating vessel, abundant sparkles dropping along the way.
Arrowanna watched the Sprites land on the vessel, and the tall ship began lowering back down behind the trees. Arrowanna heard Kelpie rush from the room, then return holding a large gift box. It looked very old to Arrowanna. Kelpie presented it to Arrowanna saying, “The day has come. Please, take this and wear it with pride.”
Arrowanna opened the box, and her great-great grandmódir’s1 intricately embroidered bunad met her eyes. She was taken back by the beauty of the deep black fabric accented with rich metallic reds, blues, and golds. The stark white shirt’s sleeves were pleated and billowy. She ran behind her dressing screen and changed into her new apparel. She came out from behind the dressing screen and twirled. She loved how the full skirt extended so far outward. “It’s a perfect fit.” Arrowanna stepped to the mirror. “I will wear it proudly, Meemaw.” 
*  *  *
Arrowanna stood at the front doorstep. She looked at Devario and Kelpie and choked back more tears. “Well, I guess this is goodbye until we meet again. I love you so much, Meemaw and Poppie. I will do my best to remember everything you’ve taught me.” She felt the breath leave her lungs; even her gills popped when both parents hugged her simultaneously. 
“We couldn’t be prouder,” said Devario.
“Your fadir3 is right; we couldn’t be prouder,” echoed Kelpie. She looked around. Arrowanna tried not to panic when Kelpie asked, “Where are your brothers? What is with them?”
“Uh…you know how teenage boys are. They’re not much for goodbyes and sappy stuff like that. I told them goodbye in their room when I went back to make sure I had everything.”
“I can understand that. But still, their big sister is The Carrier. You would think they would want to be a part of this once-in-a-lifetime event. And I don’t see Sidra. Is she really that upset that you’re leaving? I had no idea. Maybe I should go to her.”
Baffled by Sidra’s absence, Arrowanna answered off the cuff, “Yeah, she was crying when I told her goodbye, but I’m sure she’ll be fine.” Arrowanna grabbed Kelpie, hugged her, and looked at the dwelling. Not seeing Sidra, she continued looking into the distance, as Devario hugged her again, to see if she could see Sidra in the cypress house. She thought, Leave it to the six-year-old to botch up our plan. 
Arrowanna released Devario, brushed the wrinkles from her bunad, and said. “Well, I must be going.” She stood tall, threw her bag of belongings over her shoulder, and kissed both parents on their cheeks. She stepped back and looked up at their house. “I’m still not used to seeing our house so exposed. I doubt I’ll ever get used to that.”        
“Us either, Arrowanna. Us either.” Kelpie put her hand to her own cheek and tried not to cry anymore.
“May SUL be with us all,” Arrowanna said as she turned. Devario and Kelpie accompanied her to the shoreline where the tall ship was waiting. Arrowanna was glad to see Jit and Giddy. They escorted her up the steep gangplank. She turned as she climbed aboard and blew kisses to Devario and Kelpie. She hated to see her fadir2 crying, and she still wondered what had happened to Sidra.
“Welcome aboard the ship Seior Eik4, me lady. Admiral Charleo at your service.” He bowed deeply.
Arrowanna could not stop staring at him. She now understood why her parents were so mesmerized standing at the window. She said, “Thank you, kind sir. I must say, your admiral apparel is something to behold. It must be straight from Maycly.”
“Aye, it be. ’Tis a wightlin’s specialty crafted fer a chukkon, straight from Snuggerbug Landin’.” Charleo drew his sterling silver sword from his sheath and stood at attention. Arrowanna saluted Charleo. She could not help but feel proud when he clicked the shiny black heels of his big-buckled shoes (complete with large gold bows) and returned a salute, chukkon style.
Arrowanna instantly bonded with Charleo. She bent over and hugged him. “The smoke from your pipe smells ever so sweet.” Arrowanna made an exaggerated point of closing her eyes and inhaling.
Charleo beamed and said, “It be me favorite pipe stuffin’ from Maycly. Me friend, Jobi—he be ownin’ the pipe shop—be a-callin’ it ’E’re So Sweet.’ Glad ye be a-likin’ it.”
Charleo and Arrowanna locked eyes for a few seconds. Arrowanna’s heart was beating faster by the minute with anxiety. Charleo asked, “Be ye ready fer the journey of yer life?”
Arrowanna attempted her first chukkon-ese, “I sure a-be. I a-be a-ready and a-waitin’!” She and Charleo had a good laugh together. He and Arrowanna became the best of friends instantly, and Arrowanna knew it would be an unbearable hardship if she did not have Charleo to depend on from that day forward; his demeanor reminded her of her grandfadir1.
Arrowanna took her things below deck thinking she would have time later to make it look like her loft back home. I’d best put on my long, high-collared coat if we’re going to sail into the deep waters. It’s always cold out there, she thought. She chased up the stairs, the pleated tails of her plush, dark red, long coat gracefully sliding behind her. She made her way to Charleo, who was preparing the sails. Seior Eik4 was a three-masted barque with full square rigging. Arrowanna enjoyed watching the sparkles drop from Jit and Giddy as they tied the knots to hold the sails.
When the sails were set Charleo asked, “Be ye ready ta take ta the waters, me fine lady?”
“Aye. I a-be a-ready as I’ll ever a-be!” Again they both laughed at Arrowanna’s feeble attempt at Chukkon-ese.
“Then let’s be a-castin’ off!”
Jit and Giddy pulled on a rope. Arrowanna watched as the gangplank, from which she had boarded, magically lifted and slid under the deck on its own. Charleo stepped to the helm and shouted, “Sail, me mighty ship. Sail!” At his words Arrowanna grabbed hold of the railing in front of the helm, and the ship began to move.
“Wait for me! Wait for me!”
Arrowanna turned to see Sidra racing toward the magic tall ship. “Nei!” Arrowanna shouted. “Sidra. Go back, go back!” Arrowanna panicked. She was watching Sidra outrun their parents. Arrowanna screamed when Devario made a diving leap, missing Sidra by mere inches. Arrowanna shouted to Charleo to stop the ship.
“I gave the command with ye on the ship ta begin the journey of The Carrier; there be no stoppin’ til we be a-reachin’ our first destination—at least none that I be a-knowin’ ’bout,” Charleo shouted. He tightened his grip on the wheel.
Arrowanna watched Sidra dash into the shallow water and disappear out of sight when she reached the ship. Arrowanna screamed, “Don’t let the ship run her over!” At Sidra’s shrill cries, Arrowanna flew to the side rail.
“Help me Arrowanna. Help me!”
Arrowanna peered over the ship’s railing. She saw Sidra tangled in the rope ladder. Arrowanna’s big-sister instinct kicked in, and without another thought she began climbing down to Sidra. “Hang on Sidra. I’m coming.”
Arrowanna could barely tolerate the fading sound of her panic-stricken parents from the shore along with Sidra’s intense crying. The ship picked up speed, and Arrowanna could hear Charleo in a commotion on deck.
“What? Who be ye? We be a-havin’ stowaways!” shouted Charleo.
Two unknown deckhands rushed across the deck in front of Charleo and stopped before him. “I’m Torleik, and this is my twin brother Meilí. We’re here because... because...”
Meilí pushed Torleik toward the ship’s rail and shouted, “Because Arrowanna wanted us here!” The boys slammed into the railing. 
“Arrowanna, we’re here,” Meilí shouted. “Hang on to Sidra. Don’t let her fall. We’ll get a basket down to you. Hold on tight.”
Arrowanna returned a tense shout. “She’s not going to fall because she’s tangled in the ropes of the ladder. What about Meemaw and Poppie? I can’t see or hear them. Can you?”
Torleik glanced toward the stern. “Nei. The ship’s really gaining speed and we’re sailing into the deeper waters.”
Meilí shouted, “Keep an eye on her. We’re too far away from the shoreline for Sidra to drop and touch bottom. She hasn’t learned how to use her gills well enough to get all the way back home from this far out.”
Arrowanna’s heart pounded as icy waves broke and sprayed her and Sidra. She saw her home island, now nothing more than a dot among the other floating islands on the horizon. She had never been out this far before. She was frustrated, angry, and scared, all in the same breath. This was not the grand departure she had hoped for.
She continued to work one-handed at getting Sidra untangled. At the loosening of the last knot she said, “You hold onto me. Do not let go, Sidra. Do you understand?”
Sidra nodded, her bottom lip quivering and her teeth chattering from the cold. The wind was picking up, and the ship was beginning to roll and list as it plowed through the waves in the open water.
“Here it comes!” shouted Meilí. Arrowanna looked up as he and Torleik threw a large empty basket over the edge; it was tied to a heavy rope. Arrowanna felt her hair swish from the breeze of the dropping basket. It came to an abrupt halt just below Sidra.
Arrowanna shouted, “You need to raise it a bit. I can’t get her into it down there.” The basket swung and banged into the side of the ship as her twin brothers pulled it upward. The wind blew the cold waters of the deep even worse as the tall ship rose and fell through the massive swells. Arrowanna feared the basket would hit Sidra and knock her from the rope ladder. Arrowanna shouted to her brothers, “Hold it there. That’s a good height.” She turned her focus to Sidra and lowered her voice to a soothing volume. “Now, we’re going to play the game we used to play back home with Poppie’s seaweed baskets. You’re going to step into this magic basket and make a wish, and see if it comes true.” Arrowanna held Sidra’s hand so tightly it was turning white. She hated seeing the rope burns around Sidra’s wrists and ankles where she had been tangled up and thought, That must sting something awful. Arrowanna watched Sidra put one leg over the basket’s edge.
Sidra said, “Sis, it’s too big, I can’t get my leg in it. I can’t touch the bottom! Can I just make my wish now?”
“Oh, Sidra, sweetheart. You have to climb into the basket, or your wish won’t come true.”
“But we don’t have any flower petals either.”
Arrowanna thought quickly and answered, “We can sacrifice a couple of things and your wish will still come true. I’ll come and lift you in, and we’ll use imaginary flower petals. I’m not going to let you miss a chance to make a wish.” Arrowanna struggled against the violent movements of the rope ladder while still holding Sidra’s tiny outstretched hand in her clutches. 
Sidra screamed.
Arrowanna felt Sidra lose her footing; she now dangled by one arm.  Arrowanna’s adrenaline surged. She yanked Sidra closer to her, relieved that she had not let her baby sister fall into the depths. In one more swift move Arrowanna lifted Sidra into the basket.
“You did it Sis! I’m in the magic basket. Can I make a wish now?”
Crying through a hint of laughter, Arrowanna said, “Wait, we need to sprinkle you with the imaginary petals!” Arrowanna made quick movements and said, “Já, now you can make your wish.”
“I wish...” Sidra did not finish her wish, but rather screamed at the top of her lungs along with Meilí and Torleik as a wave caught the rope ladder just so, sending Arrowanna plummeting into the icy water. Arrowanna heard Sidra’s screams, and between the fifteen-foot swells, she saw her baby sister in the basket being raised to safety by her twin brothers. Now all they have to do is save me, she thought. She felt herself rise again and be pushed forward from the force of a wave, and the wave behind it came crashing over her.
Arrowanna disappeared.
6
Beneath the Waves

“Sprites, steady the wheel, and be a-keepin’ it straight fer me!” shouted Charleo. Jit and Giddy each grabbed a handle and hung on. Charleo raced to the starboard railing.
Torleik shouted as the powerful waves drenched them, “Arrowanna disappeared. A wave swallowed her, and she’s not been back up yet!”
Meilí said, “She’ll be okay. She knows how to use her gills.” Charleo offered up what appeared to be a sigh of relief, but then Meilí added, “Though Torleik and I are the only ones who actually had to breathe in the deep waters. Meemaw and Poppie always warned us that the deep is very cold, which makes it hard to catch a breath without sharp pain. Me and Torleik refused to believe it could be that bad, so Poppie brought us out here to the deep once in our tiny boat on a calm day and threw us overboard to prove how painful it really is.”
Charleo sunk to the deck and mumbled, “First Iona, now Arrowanna.” He blubbered a whisper for help, “SUL, I canna be a-handlin’ such thin’s. It be so early in the voyage. ’Tis a-breakin’ me heart. It be a-remindin’ me too much of the battle on Maycly when I was a-thinkin’ we’d lost Iona. Please, please be a-sendin’ someone ta help me.”
Torleik had evidently reached the limit of his patience. He knelt, glared at Charleo, and said, “Stop whining! Look, I don’t know much about Iona, but I do know she’s the Queen of Maycly, and you had a lot to do with making that happen. But right now my sis is in trouble, and you need to help her like you helped Iona. I don’t care what it takes. We’ll do whatever is necessary. If Arrowanna truly means as much to you as Iona, then get up and act like the chukkon army general we’ve heard stories about.”
Torleik had gotten Charleo’s attention. The chukkon admiral must have realized that SUL was speaking through Torleik and that Meilí and Torleik were just the help he needed. Charleo stood up and spoke with authority. “Ye be right. ’Tis no time or place fer a wimp. Thank ye, Torleik.” He shook Torleik’s hand and took command. “Sidra, ye be a-stayin’ at the railin’ and a-watchin’ fer yer sister. Torleik, up ta the crow’s nest with ye. Meilí, come with me ta the helm.”
No one wasted any time getting to their assigned posts. Jit and Giddy flapped their wings harder than ever in an attempt to hold the ship’s wheel steady so the vessel would stay its course. “It’s like trying to hold back an icataras here!” Giddy shouted.
“Meilí and I’ll be a-takin’ the wheel now. Go ta Sidra. Be a-takin’ a blanket ta wrap her in, and be a-makin’ certain she doesna try ta climb back down that ladder.”
“Aye-aye, Admiral!” Sparkles scattered in the wind.
“I see Arrowanna!” shouted Torleik from high up. “She’s straight behind us. We need to turn the ship around.”
Charleo tugged on the wheel in an attempt to get Seior Eik4 to turn around. “Tis not a-workin’. We just keep a-goin’ forward. Tis like the ship’s eyes be locked onta that last island on the horizon, and she willna turn back.”
Meilí questioned Charleo in a fret, “Isn’t this ship magic?”
“Aye, it be magic. But there be a lot of magic, and I dunna have it all committed ta memory just yet. Run below and be a-grabbin’ the Magic Ship Instruction Book. Be a-bringin’ it up here ta me. And be a-makin’ it snappy!”
Meilí saw Charleo shake his head, probably scolding himself for thinking too lightly of their first sailing. Meilí took off and returned with the book; he handed it to Charleo. “Don’t be too hard on yourself, Charleo. I have a feeling none of us want to deal with any more trouble. My family’s lived in an invisible house for years...you don’t think that lends itself to problems?”
Charleo stared at Meilí for a split second then he laughed. He asked Meilí to take the helm while he thumbed through the pages looking for anything that had to do with turning the ship around. “Holy whah!”
Meilí’s puzzlement was obvious. “What? Whah? Holy what whah?”
Charleo answered Meilí in a near whisper. “It be right here, the way ta be a-turnin’ this tall ship ’round. We need ta be a-divin’ under the water.”
“Under the water? How? We’ll freeze to death!”
“Hang onta the helm Meilí.” Charleo looked up at Torleik and shouted, “Strap yerself in!” He turned to Sidra and hollered, “Sidra, be a-puttin’ Jit and Giddy in yer pockets and grab hold of the railin’. Dunna be a-lettin’ go of the ship, no matter what...none of ye!”
Meilí asked Charleo, “But how are you gonna breathe without any gills? And how are we gonna breathe with our gills for any length of time beneath the icy water?”
“Meilí, ‘tis a wonderful time ta be a-trustin’ SUL.”
Meilí, being a bit of a skeptic, asked to see firsthand what Charleo had found in the ship’s manual. Charleo showed him. Meilí read as fast as he could then hollered, “Guys! The ship will only turn around under the water.” Gasps filled his ears. He continued. “But wait, the good news is, the magic of the ship lets us breathe under the water with or without gills, and the temperature of the water will be warm. We can talk, run, walk, anything that we’re used to doing on dry land. But we have to be touching something or someone on the ship, and the whole ship has to be under the water for the magic to work. Brace yourselves! We’re diving!”
Charleo shouted the order, resembling the chukkon army general the boys no doubt expected to hear. “Magic ship, be a-takin’ us ‘neath the waves!” Charleo sensed that the tension had thickened on deck.
Water sprayed when the stern rose and the mermaid figurehead on the bow of the ship ripped a path almost straight down between the waves. Charleo shouted to Meilí to hold on tight to him, then he took the wheel. To keep from sliding down to the bow of the magic vessel, Charleo held tighter. The wheel locked in place. The first mast pierced the icy blue. Charleo watched Sidra disappear into the rushing water. Next the main mast, holding Torleik, disappeared under the rolling sea. When the third mast left his sight and cut hard into the water, Charleo held his breath and closed his eyes.
“We be next Meilí. Be a-holdin’ on!” Charleo heard Meilí laughing behind him. He sneaked a peek; they were already under the water.
Meilí stopped laughing long enough to say, “We made it. We’re beneath the waves.”
Charleo said, “The water be a-feelin’ warm. I expected ta feel the chill when we took the plunge. But we all be a-breathin’ and a-talkin’!” He took a head count. Sidra was still clinging tightly to the rail; Jit and Giddy popped their heads out of her pocket. Charleo looked up at the crow’s nest—Torleik was gone. Charleo’s face went pale.
“Anybody looking for me?” Torleik startled Charleo and Meilí. “I swam down, holding onto the ship’s mast all the way. The water stayed warm and I could breathe without pain. Think about it: if we’re touching any part of the ship, we can sail unnoticed right past our enemies who are on top of the water.” Torleik’s excitement was contagious.
“Ye be onta somethin’ there fer certain.” Charleo turned away and winced. Will that truly work? he thought. He turned back to his crew and said, “We’ve a job ta do now, and that be ta find Arrowanna.” Charleo spun the wheel, and the ship gracefully turned around under the water.
“I see her legs hanging down from the surface up ahead.” Meilí raced to the front of the ship for a better look. “Faster, we need to go faster. She’s sinking. I think her gills are freezing.”
Charleo gulped. “Nae. I dunna want ta risk a-sailin’ past her.” He watched Torleik take a deep breath and leave the ship to rescue his sister.
“Wait for me,” shouted Meilí as he followed his twin, eager to help.
“Dunna even be a-thinkin’ ’bout it Sidra. Ye be a-stayin’ right here on the ship with me and the Sprites. Admiral’s orders.”
Sidra made a pouty face, but it did not sway Charleo’s decision.
Charleo sailed the ship right beneath Arrowanna, all the while making certain the masts stayed below the surface. He watched the boys as they grabbed hold of a mast and put Arrowanna’s hand on it. When her hand touched the mast her gills fluttered, her eyes flew open, and she took in a deep breath that blasted back out from her lips and gills. The boys lowered her to the deck. She was breathing, but her breaths were shallow from the coldness she had experienced.
“I think she’ll be fine. She just needs to warm up a bit,” said Torleik.
Charleo ran from the helm to Arrowanna. “Be careful with her, boys. I wouldna want ta hurt her. Let’s be a-takin’ her b’low and a-puttin’ her on her bed.”
Charleo jumped when he heard the words, “Nobody’s a-puttin’ me on my a-bed.” Arrowanna giggled.
“Oh, me lady. Ye be all right. ’Tis a grand sight!” Charleo smiled when Sidra held Jit and Giddy close enough to hug Arrowanna’s nose. “And might I be a-sayin’ further that this sinkin’ ship really does make the water warm. It be a true blessin’.”
Sidra pulled Jit and Giddy back, and Charleo said, “Will ye be a-lookin’ at that; their sparkles be twice as bright under the water.”
“That may be so, but let me tell you, we need to hang on to one of you to keep warm,” said Jit. Giddy nodded. Sidra returned them to Charleo’s beard. They kept their wee heads out in plain view. Arrowanna figured they did not want to miss anything.
Charleo watched as Sidra grabbed a nearby lantern and brought it to his side. “Jit and Giddy can ride in here, and I promise I won’t let them drop. I’ll keep my hand on the lantern all the time to keep them warm.”
Arrowanna saw the fright in the Sprites’ and Charleo’s eyes. Calmly she asked, “What’s the matter?”
Charleo answered on the Sprites’ behalf. “Enterin’ a lantern...well...it be a-remindin’ us of the dark days when Tarnnin kept Sprites in lanterns ta light the disgustin’ mess hall in his evil lair.” Arrowanna shuddered. Charleo continued. “I think maybe they’d be a-doin’ better if ye’d just let ‘em ride in yer pocket, Sidra.”
“But they could light the way for us.”
Arrowanna stepped forward and shook her head. “Not this time, Sidra.” Arrowanna took the lantern from Sidra and returned it to its hook. Then she patted Sidra’s hand.
Jit and Giddy left Charleo’s beard and dived inside Sidra’s pocket.
Arrowanna took another deep breath. She asked, “Where are we exactly, Charleo?”
“We be a-goin’ in the wrong direction fer one thin’. And we be under the water fer another. Tis the only way the ship will turn ‘round. Pretty keen, eh?’
Arrowanna looked around and up toward the surface. She said, “Are you kidding me?”
“Nae, I be not a-kiddin’ ye.”
“I guess we need to get back on top and get to that first island.”
“Agreed.” Charleo called out the orders at hand. “Arrowanna, stand by me at the helm. Jit, Giddy, ye’ll be a-ridin’ with Sidra. Meilí, this time ye’ll be a-joinin’ yer brother in the crow’s nest. We be ‘bout ta ascend.” He made certain all were in place, then he gave the command, “Seior Eik4, be a-spinnin’ ‘round and return ta the top of the water.”
Arrowanna grasped the ledge of the helm with one hand, and she wrapped her free arm around Charleo when the ship’s bow tilted upward.
This time Charleo kept his eyes open for the entire ride. The mermaid figurehead blasted through the top of the water and into the light, followed by the masts. Charleo had missed the changing colors on the descent, but this time he witnessed the colorful light rays as the ship leaped into the air, leveled out, and landed on top of a wave that carried Seior Eik4 along; she slowed as she reached the shoreline of a spooky-looking island. With the help of a little magic, she floated to the shallow water. Charleo wiped his brow and called for the gangplank to be lowered so all could go ashore.
Arrowanna took in the sights. She had no idea what to expect.
7
Island of Mystery

Arrowanna was hesitant. “I’m guessing since the ship stopped here, we’re right where we need to be, huh?” She pulled from her coat pocket a small telescope and combed the island. “There’s something in the trees.” She studied her subject a bit further then said, “It’s a tattered sign. It says ‘Island of Mystery: All who visit are sure to find...’  The rest of the sign’s gone. I wonder what it said.”
Charleo lifted his telescope and found the same sign. After taking a good look he said, “Be it far from me ta be the one who knows. Prob’ly blew off in a storm.”
Arrowanna accepted his answer.
The twins helped prepare the ship for all to disembark. Charleo allowed them to be the first to reach the sand. They scrambled down the gangplank, did a quick check of their surroundings, and gave the all-clear signal. Arrowanna took Sidra’s hand, and they headed down to the beach. Meilí and Torleik lent a hand as their sisters stepped onto the shore.
Arrowanna felt something bump into her lower legs from behind. She looked down and saw Charleo in a ball at her feet. “What are you doing, Charleo?” 
Blushing, Charleo said, “Instead of a-walkin’ onta the shore, I decided ta go a-rollin’.” He stood and brushed the excess sand from his clothes. Sidra giggled.
Jit was holding his sides, laughing. He caught his breath and said, “No he didn’t. He stumbled, then he tumbled.” Everyone chuckled at that, except Charleo, who muttered something. 
“What’s that you’re mumbling Charleo?” asked Jit.
Arrowanna watched Charleo give a wave of his hand in an attempt to shoo Jit away.  “Just ye n’er be a-mindin’.” Jit darted through the air behind Giddy and peeked over his friend’s shoulder. In an attempt to keep from laughing out loud, the two Sprites were covering their mouths, snorting behind their hands.
Arrowanna held her laughter in when Charleo pointed with a serious motion toward the Sprites and said, “I be a-meanin’ it. Cut yer laughin’.” Both Sprites curled their lips in and bit down on them to stop laughing; it did not work.
Giddy said, between giggles, “Oh, if only Artie had been here to have seen that one.” He slapped his knee.
“Who’s Artie?” Arrowanna asked.
Jit answered first. “He’s a chukkon, one of Charleo’s friends, who loves kids and makes everybody laugh. He’s always giving Charleo a hard time, in jest of course.”
“He doesna always give me a hard time.” Charleo stomped his foot; his shoe filled with wet sand. “Dang it!” He took off his shoe and dumped the sand from it. As he put it back on he said, “Artie be one of me best friends on Maycly. That be all ye need ta know.”
Arrowanna said, “Charleo, you seem so serious.” The Sprites laughed even harder. That made Meilí and Torleik laugh as well. Arrowanna was now getting the giggles and said, “It was just a small tumble.”
Charleo spoke again, but no one heard him through the laughter.
Arrowanna said to the Sprites, “It’s hilarious that the more serious Charleo gets, the funnier it is.”
Jit squeaked, “I know!”
Charleo spoke over the laughter. “Now shoo! All of ye. We need ta be a-gettin’ down ta business. Ye know, the task at hand? Or has it escaped yer minds?”
Arrowanna fanned her face with her hand, and got back to business. She pulled the magic scroll from her pocket, turned it one way and then another in hopes of finding directions. She flipped it over and tilted her head. “Great…there aren’t any directions. There’s nothing.” She puckered her face and threw the scroll. “I knew I wasn’t cut out to be The Carrier.”
“Now there be no need fer a-talkin’ and actin’ that way,” Charleo scolded.
Jit and Giddy retrieved the scroll at Charleo’s request. Arrowanna, exasperated, looked at the Sprites with an expression of “Really?” They extended the scroll, and she snatched it from them. 
Charleo continued. “Look at me.” Arrowanna’s eyes reluctantly met Charleo’s. “Ye most definitely be The Carrier.” Arrowanna cast a harassed look at Charleo, who ignored the expression. “All ye need ta do is be a-believin’ in yerself, and I’m a-bettin’ ye’ll discover right where ye need ta be.”
Arrowanna’s shoulders slumped, and she whined, “Oh, Charleo, that sounds easy, but it’s not. All I can think about is the trouble I’ve gotten my sister and brothers into, and how upset Meemaw and Poppie will be when—or if—I make it back home.” She plopped onto the mushy ground and mashed the scroll into the sand at her side. She sat with her legs crossed, wondering how she would ever find the glistening petrified log SUL had mentioned in the scroll.
She watched Jit and Giddy darting in and out of the nearby foliage, assuming they were more closely checking out the surroundings. A smile broke across her face at their sparkles fizzing with each trip through the air. “That’s it! I’ve got it.”
“What’ve you got, Sis?” asked Sidra.
Arrowanna pulled the scroll from the sand and stood up. “I’ve got an idea. Come here. All of you.” She handed the scroll to Meilí. Then she plucked the Sprites from the air, placed them in her open hand, and spoke to them. “What would you guys think of taking a quick buzz around the island to see if you can find the magic petrified log? You can fly faster than any of us can walk or run. Whadda ya say?”
Giddy laughed and said, “I say I think you’ve got a knack for the obvious, just like Charleo.”
Arrowanna blushed.
Jit bumped Giddy with his booty, causing him to choke on his own sparkles. Jit spoke up, “We’d be glad to do it.” He stood and saluted Arrowanna. Then he frowned at Giddy, who wiped the grin from his face and followed suit.
Arrowanna returned a salute of her own and said, “Report back to us right here as soon as you find the magic petrified log, and we’ll follow you to it. All right guys?”
“Aye.”
“Aye.”
“And if you haven’t found it within a couple of hours, come back here anyway. I don’t want anything happening to you two.” Charleo agreed with Arrowanna’s plan.
“We will find it, I promise,” Giddy said.
Arrowanna was pleased to see everyone so enthusiastic about her idea. “Okay. Now remember, only a couple of hours.” Raising her hand, she gave the Sprites a boost for takeoff.
She and the others watched Jit and Giddy scurry away. “We might as well make the best of it. How about we build a beach fire?”
Charleo had a flame stoked in no time. Everyone took a seat on the sand to wait for the Sprites’ return. Arrowanna looked at the faces around her and figured the others were just as anxious as she was.
*  *  *
It had been only a little over an hour when the Sprites showed up. Arrowanna could not wait to hear their news. “So come on, tell us. Did you find it?”
Jit was hesitant. “Well...yes.”
“Oh boy! Tell us what you saw. Where is it? How do we get there?”
Jit hem-hawed in the air. Arrowanna asked, “What are you so nervous about?”
“My apologies, Arrowanna, for being so skittish. I’ve not felt this fearful since I had to deliver the news to my fellow Sprites on Maycly that Tarnnin was changing, and not for the better.” Arrowanna saw Giddy pacing through the air out of the corner of her eye. She gently put her hand out. “Please. Both of you, land here, and let’s talk.”
She felt their tiny feet trembling when they touched her palm. “Come on. Nothing can be as scary as that day. I’ve heard about it from tales in The Book of Good and Evil, and nothing can be that scary, really.” She looked into their long, sad faces. “We’re safe. We’re on an island in the light, so everything should be fine.” Arrowanna was hoping her words were comforting, though she remembered her fadir’s3 warning about the Evil.
Jit said, “An island in the light? I wouldn’t exactly call it that. Maybe half an island in the light.”
“What do you mean, ‘half an island’?” asked Arrowanna, frowning.
Jit removed his tiny do-rag and hung his head. “What I mean is, only this half of the island is in the light. The other half is in darkness. And it is truly dark. Not twilight dark. Dark dark. We flew out off the coast a bit and noticed that this island is not like the others. It’s attached to the sandy bottom with both light and dark roots. And what little we could see in the darkness on the island was not what we wanted to see.”
“What was it? What was it?” shouted an excited Sidra. Arrowanna pulled Sidra close.
Jit gulped, then he spoke. “We saw the petrified log, but only a small portion of it is sticking out into the light.” Arrowanna felt him and Giddy tremble harder in her palm.
“Be ye certain ‘twas the right log?” asked Charleo.
“Yes, we’re certain,” answered Jit.
Jit and Giddy fluttered their wings and Arrowanna lifted her hand to help launch them back into the air again. She said, “Well then, I guess we’re going to sail to the dark side of the island to get to that log.”
“I wouldn’t suggest taking the ship into the darkness. I think it would be better to hike there,” said Meilí.
Giddy said, “That would be a great plan, except between the light and dark sides of the island lies a canyon that stretches out into the water about a hundred feet or so off the shoreline on each end. The water spills into both ends of the canyon creating very steep waterfalls, and the canyon is so deep we couldn’t see the bottom, even in the lighted half of it. We couldn’t hear the water hitting the bottom, either. But there were some strange loud noises coming from below. We went down into the canyon a little ways, but...”
“You flew down into that canyon?” Torleik’s voice was faint.
“Yeah. Not very far though. The noises coming up from the bottom got too creepy to fly any farther.”
“Noises?”
“Yeah. It was like low grunting and spitty breathing. Then there was this clanging sound, and maybe some screaming.” Giddy stopped talking and shuddered.
Jit blurted, “We didn’t like it. Nope, not one bit. Didn’t like it at all. Huh-uh.” 
Arrowanna watched Jit shake his head long after he had finished speaking. She said, “Well, we have to get to the petrified log one way or another. Where exactly is it in the darkness?”
Jit answered, “The petrified log is right on the edge of the canyon, but it’s on the dark side. It looked like it was teetering on the ledge, but we can’t be certain. The darkness and the spray can play tricks on your eyes, you know.” 
Arrowanna nodded. 
“But we know that was the log because the end we saw was glowing ever so slightly,” Giddy added.
“So what ye be a-sayin’ is, we can either be a-gettin’ ta it by a-walkin’ through the darkness if we take the ship ‘round the other side, or by a-crossin’ o’er the canyon if we leave the ship here, hike through the forest, and come in from the light side. Be that ‘bout right?”
Silence. 
Jit’s answer broke the long pause. “Yeah, that’s pretty much it.” Giddy nodded.
Meilí piped up, “The ship goes under the water, right?” No one argued. “Then why don’t we take the ship underwater, sail through the back side of one of the falls, then have the ship raise into the air right at the petrified log? Arrowanna can climb down the rope ladder, put the scroll on the log, wait for the clue to set in, then we’re outta there!”
Arrowanna thought Meilí’s idea made sense, but deep down inside she could sense a snare awaiting them. She felt all eyes on her for a solution. “I’m not too keen on sailing in the dark, let alone in the dark through the back side of a waterfall, just hoping we can get Seior Eik4 into the air without being seen or heard, even in the dark. She’s one big vessel. I don’t think we should risk it, Meilí.”
Arrowanna felt a tug on her leg. Sidra, eyes watering, asked, “Then what are we going to do Sis?” Sidra wiped her nose on Arrowanna’s bunad.
“We’re going to get to that log by light. We’ll try our best to get to it from across the canyon so everyone can stay in the light. I’ll be the one who somehow goes over the canyon toward the darkness to the log and gets the clue.” She could tell no one was very excited about that, but she had decided that was the way it was going to be. She knew the others had no idea she had heard SUL talking inwardly to her about what to do. She did not want to tell them. She felt she did not have enough confidence in herself to believe she had heard Him correctly. She knew she would have to believe in herself at some point, yet she did not feel as though she was at that point yet. Regardless, she convinced herself to give it a go.
8
Let the Preparations Begin

Arrowanna asked Torleik to stay behind with Sidra. The Seior Eik4 was highly visible, and she wanted someone to remain who was not afraid to fight anyone or anything that tried to board without an invitation. Torleik accepted the duty with honor. He asked, “You think maybe Jit or Giddy could stay with us? That way we can alert you much quicker than if I’d have to traipse through the forest myself, or worse yet send Sidra by herself.”
“Wow! Good thinking.”
Arrowanna heard a foot stomp on a rock. Sidra protested. “Whadda you mean, worse if you had to send me by myself? You think I couldn’t do it?” 
A resounding negative reply came from everyone in unison. Sidra crossed her arms, straightened, and stuck her tongue out at them. Arrowanna’s glare let her know her big sister did not approve of her actions. Sidra turned her back; Arrowanna thought it was probably so they wouldn’t see her cry. 
Arrowanna turned her attention to Jit and Giddy and asked, “All right, which one of you wants to stay with Torleik?”
Giddy was quick to answer. “I will!”
Arrowanna said, “I get the feeling, Giddy, you don’t want to go back to that canyon unless it’s absolutely necessary. Am I right?”
Giddy sped to Torleik, landed on his shoulder and said, “You’re so right.”
Arrowanna smiled. “All right then. Jit, you’ll come with me, Meilí, and Charleo.” 
So preparations began at Arrowanna’s request.
*  *  *
Arrowanna was building a lean-to when Charleo said, “I be back with the canteens full of fresh water, just like ye asked, me dear girl.”
“Thank you so much, Charleo, I appreciate that.”
Seemingly proud of his completed task Charleo said, “I found it in no time. The spring be right inside the forest. Just o’er there behind that big rock.” With his head he gestured in the direction of the water and handed the canteens to Torleik.
“That’s good to know.” Torleik smiled and took the canteens as he watched Arrowanna, now in the lean-to assembling two small lounging pads from large leaves.
Arrowanna put the finishing touches on them, stepped back, and said, “There you go, Sidra. Your camp is all set.”
“It’s beautiful,” Jit said. “I wish I were staying here. That’s the perfect little den to hide in. What do you think, Sidra?”
Sidra nodded, plucked Giddy from the air, and sat him down on one of the leaf pads. Giddy saluted Sidra and made himself at home. 
Arrowanna watched the whole cute event. “Thank you, Jit,” she whispered. She turned her focus to Torleik. “You’ve already got a fire going. I suggest you keep it going, and keep an eye on it if all of you go onto the ship, even if it’s only for a short while. Don’t stray into the woods; stay by the ship. Please.” She could tell that Torleik understood, and she smiled when he offered no rebuttal. She gathered everyone and said, “Okay. Torleik, you go back onto the ship for a just a moment. I need you to toss down the supplies for me and my team.”
Without batting an eye Torleik raced up the gangplank. Arrowanna called for three additional empty canteens. When they were dropped to her, she asked Charleo to return to the spring and fill them with water. It took him hardly any time at all to come back with full canteens. Arrowanna handed one to Meilí, one to Charleo, and kept one. Next she called for a single quiver of arrows and a bow. Torleik tossed both down to her from the tall ship. After looking around she shouted up to Torleik, “We need one more quiver and bow…and a rope…a really long rope.” Torleik gathered the items without question. He dropped the quiver, bow, and rope down to Arrowanna. She turned to Charleo and said, “Here. I figure you won’t mind having one of your own.” She helped him don the quiver and handed him the bow.
Charleo took the bow and test-pulled the string with ease. “Quite a while since I pulled a bow string.”  The string snapped from his stubby fingers and hit his nose. “Ouch! Dang it!” He rubbed his stinging nose, and Arrowanna suppressed her laughter as she watched him pull the string again, this time holding it steady. Arrowanna marveled at the strength she witnessed in Charleo, for she knew the bow he was testing had been made for a much larger man.
Arrowanna put the heavy coiled rope on Meilí’s shoulder and stepped back. Meilí waited a few seconds then said, “A rope? That’s it? Charleo gets a bow and arrows, and I get a rope? Don’t I need something a little more intimidating to protect us with?”
“I’m thinking we don’t need to be too concerned about fighting off danger; we’ll be on the lighted side of the island. To be honest, I was thinking more of using it as a line for me to get across the canyon to the dark ledge. But now that you mention it...” She turned to Charleo and asked him what else might be available.
Charleo shouted up at Torleik, “Hey! Be a-sendin’ down a sword and a knife. They be b’low deck!”
Torleik disappeared below deck and returned in a short time. Arrowanna breathed a sigh of relief when she noticed Torleik had donned a sword in a sheath for himself. She watched him fill a duffle bag with the paraphernalia and hurl it over the railing.
Meilí abruptly stepped in front of Arrowanna. She watched him stretch out his arms. “Got it!” he said beaming with a teenage boy’s ego. “And you thought these muscles weren’t manly enough. Hmmff!” Arrowanna sighed and rolled her eyes. Meilí opened the duffle bag, and Arrowanna watched his eyes widen at what he saw. She giggled when his head disappeared deep inside the grungy tan canvas.
Meilí pulled his head out of the duffle bag and hollered to Torleik, “Are these swords made of well-slagged iron?”
“How should I know? Why should you care? And just so you know, I kept the heaviest sword for myself!” Arrowanna and Meilí watched Torleik slap the sheath with pride.
Meilí turned to Charleo, “Do you know?”
“Nae. And I be agreein’ with Torleik; why should ye be a-carin’?”
Sounding as though he was covering up information, Meilí said, “Oh, no reason. Just silly random questions.” He stood and lifted not one, but two swords in sheaths from the duffle bag. When he pulled the first sword from its sheath he ran his hand over its inscription and muttered, “+Ulfberh+t.5” 
Arrowanna thought Meilí stuck the first sword in the ground with enough force to snap it in half, but instead, the extremely shiny sword bowed then snapped right back into its original shape, wobbling to a stop. She watched Meilí’s expression go from confused to what she thought looked frightened when he pulled the second sword from its sheath. Again he saw the inscription, +Ulfberh+t5. “Torleik! Are you sure these were on our ship?” Meilí asked.
Torleik looked with disdain at his brother. “No, I left the ship and swam out into the water, dived deep, and found those. Then I returned to the ship, went below deck, dried myself off, and bagged them up!” There was a short pause then Torleik added, “Of course they were on Seior Eik4!” Arrowanna sensed more frustration in Torleik’s next words when he shouted, “Now get on with it. A sword’s a sword!”
Arrowanna startled Meilí when she stepped to his side and placed her hand on his shoulder. “Yes, I agree. A sword’s a sword. Now put them back in their sheaths, and let me help you get them on your belt.”
Meilí pushed Arrowanna away. “Stop it! All of you. You’re not understanding the significance of these swords. They’re not just any swords. They’re the highest ranking, lightest weight swords of the Vikings. If you’re carrying one of these, you’re nearly invincible. Watch!” Meilí ran over and shoved the sword into a nearby tree as hard as he could. The sword flexed, but he pulled it right out of the wood. “See! It goes deep into thick stuff, it doesn’t break, and better yet you can pull it back out.”
“So?” Torleik shouted as he ran down the gangplank. He grabbed the other sword and used his brute strength to shove the other +Ulfberh+t5 into the trunk of a different tree. He then drew his heavy sword, walked back then ran as fast as he could, and shoved that sword into the tree next to the +Ulfberh+t5. He then pulled the +Ulfberh+t5 from the tree with ease. “Now watch this. I’ll prove my point that a sword’s a sword.” He pulled on his heavy sword but it did not budge. He ended up having to put one foot on the tree for leverage, and use both hands to bend the sword up and down and side to side before it would come out of the hard wood.
Meilí said, “See, I told you. +Ulfberh+t5 swords are special. We need to find out where they came from. The last thing we need is to be carrying these +Ulfberh+ts5, taking the chance that the Draugar they belong to didn’t put some kind of spell on them, board the ship, and leave them there when we weren’t looking. Plus, they could be using the spell they put on them for bait to find Arrowanna.”
Arrowanna laughed. “Oh Meilí. You and your brainy tales. I’m sure SUL put them there for you to use because He would know how effective they’d be if we need to use swords.” She turned to everyone and said, “Isn’t that right?”
Everyone nodded. Arrowanna continued, “There. Now you have it. It’s unanimous. Everyone believes SUL put them there. Now let’s get you armed up. No more talk about special swords. She pulled Meilí closer. She could tell he did not like it one bit.
Once the +Ulfberh+t5 swords were in their sheaths and in place on Meilí’s belt, Arrowanna took four daggers out of the bag and slid two between the wide band of his pants and shirt, one on each side, and a third one between his belt and shirt at the small of his back. Meilí hid the fourth one in his boot. She admired her brother as she straightened his collar. “There. Now you look like a fighter that any Draugr would find intimidating.” She gave him a seahorse’s honor sign and winked. She smiled when Meilí rolled his eyes. She did not acknowledge the fact that he was tearing up from what she assumed was fear.
Arrowanna felt Charleo’s patience wearing thin when he shouted, “We must be a-goin’. Not sure how long we be a-havin’ till the starfish begin their dancin’ on the water.” She figured Meilí was thankful for the distraction when she saw him, out of the corner of her eye, sniffle and wipe his nose. 
Arrowanna did a final once-over to be certain all of their gear had been secured.
Through his telescope, Torleik watched his older sister speak to Meilí, Charleo, and Jit. Then she turned and shouted up to him, “I think we’re good to go from down here. Be sure to keep a very close eye on Sidra. She’s been known to escape and make a plan of her own, you know.”
The telescope bobbed as he nodded in agreement. He swung his viewing scope toward the lean-to then back to Arrowanna. He answered with a shout. “Looks like she’ll be fine. She and Giddy are already playing a game with clam shells. I doubt she’ll even miss you while you’re gone.”
Arrowanna was relieved. She shouted, “Why don’t you come on back down here and enjoy the beach?”
Torleik answered, “I will. First I want to watch you guys leave to make certain you get a good clean start.”
Arrowanna gave Torleik a confirming nod.
Jit spoke, “Then like Charleo said, let’s get going.” He waved his hand forward and took to the woods, sparkles dropping as usual.
Arrowanna shouted to Torleik, “We’ll be back!”
“I know you will! You’re The Carrier. What could possibly go wrong?”
No one offered a reply.
Arrowanna put Meilí in the lead along with Jit, Charleo was in the middle, and she brought up the rear. Right before they disappeared into the thickness of the forest, she looked back and waved to Torleik, who had climbed to the crow’s nest.
She felt her heart begin to pound.
9
Are We Being Watched?

Arrowanna swore she saw dark shadows chasing alongside them through the trees, hiding behind the timbers and in the bushes. She could feel them watching. With every few steps she saw the shadows bolt up ahead and hide again. On edge, she asked, “Charleo, do you suppose the Draugar of the Abyss would be here, on the light side of the Island of Mystery?”
Charleo hesitated. “Aye.” 
Arrowanna’s eyes widened. “What about any other Evil? Could there be bad things other than just Draugar here?”
“Perhaps.” Charleo kept his head down; Arrowanna assumed it was so he could watch where he stepped.   
She pried, “Are ‘things’ evil, or just people?”
Charleo spoke just this side of a whisper, “Well, they can be people, or thin’s I guess. I dunna be a-considerin’ Draugar people; I consider ‘em more of a ‘thin’. Of the thin’s I’ve seen, I say evil ones can be all sorts of thin’s.”
“I would have to agree.” Arrowanna kept watching the shadows. “How can you tell if someone or something is evil?”
“I would be a-sayin’ all evil bein’s like ta go against better judgment. They have no morals or values ta speak of. Also, evil bein’s can, and will, do thin’s that be strange ta most of us.” He turned his head and spoke over his shoulder. “Why be ye askin’ so much?” 
Arrowanna’s voice moved a few notes higher than usual when she answered. “Oh, no reason. Just wondering.” Her eyes shifted from left to right and up and down and caught still more glimpses of the black, ghostly figures. After walking a few feet she asked another question. “Charleo, do you think the Draugar would send out secret watchers to spy on us?”
Charleo sighed. “If they be like any other Evil I would say there be a good chance.” Again he spoke over his shoulder, “Why be ye askin’?”
Arrowanna’s high pitch still rang. “I don’t know. I’ve just been thinking while we’re walking. And I started thinking about what SUL’s letter said, the part where my journey would be leading me into danger.”
“Well, I canna answer ye on that b’cause I wasna there when ye read it. Just keep a-walkin’.  I be sure we’ll be a-reachin’ the canyon’s rim soon.” Arrowanna could tell from the sound of his voice he had become tense. Maybe he sees the shadows too, but he doesn’t want to scare me, she thought. 
They walked quite a bit farther in silence. Arrowanna jumped when Charleo spoke over his shoulder again. “Arrowanna?” His tone sounded impatient.
She played it cool and answered, “Yes, Charleo? I’m still right behind you.”
“I know that. There be somethin’ I need ta be a-tellin’ ye. I just dinna wanna make ye nervous, but after all yer questionin’, well, I...I...”
Arrowanna reached past Charleo and grabbed Meilí’s shirt so they would all came to a halt. She turned Charleo around and said, “I...I...what? I...I...captain?” She chuckled at her own joke, though only she laughed.
“Shh.” Charleo dropped his voice to a full whisper. “I be a-havin’ a gut feelin’ we’re a-bein’ watched, somehow, some way, by Evil. Me gut has come ta recognize the ill sensation. Tell me the truth. Be ye a-seein’ anythin’ that might’ve made ye ask those questions, and be a-makin’ me gut a bit topsy-turvy?”
Before Arrowanna could answer, Meilí turned and put a finger to his lips. He whispered, “Did you see that?”
Arrowanna whispered, “You mean you’re seeing them too?”
“I’m not sure what you mean by them, but if you’re seeing dark shadows racing through the trees, then já.”
Arrowanna saw Charleo’s face turn glum. She added, “I’m seeing them all right, and I think Charleo’s seeing them too, aren’t you?”
Charleo hung his head and said, “Aye.”
Arrowanna continued. “But they move so fast. And that makes it so hard to figure out what they are.”
“Ye dunna need ta see ’em ta figure it out,” Charleo said.
Meilí whispered, “I’m thinking they’re the watchers from the Abyss. I’ll bet they’re the elusive ‘eyes’ for the Draugar that Ways of the Water told about in the Miniscule Notes.” 
Puzzled by Meilí’s blushing face, Arrowanna said, “Wait a minute. Where did you say you read that? In the...the...what did you call them?” she asked.
Meilí sighed then whispered, “The Miniscule Notes. They’re extremely tiny. You can’t see them unless you really pry the Ways of the Water book open and look right next to the spine. And even then you need a magnifying glass to read them.”
Arrowanna began to sweat. She said, “I’ve never heard of them. Meemaw and Poppie never showed me that. Do they know about them?”
“They never showed me either, but I’m certain they know about them, because I’d hear them talking after they’d leave your room in the middle of the night. I can tell you why they never said anything to us though. It’s frightening enough to learn of the Draugar of the Abyss in the main text, but the writings deep in the spine reveal a lot of the Draugar secrets. Secrets most people wouldn’t want to hear, let alone accept. But that’s not the worst of it.”
Arrowanna went pale and said, “Seriously?”
Meilí was quick to answer. “Seriously. I wasn’t going to tell you because I didn’t want to be the one who might have delivered a reason for you to give up on being The Carrier. But if this island truly is half light and half darkness, we’re in a lot of danger.”
Arrowanna’s eyes combed the forest as far as she could see in every direction. She asked, “What is this island, really?”
Meilí whispered, “The real name of the island is Crypticscintillant. It means “pitch dark and illuminated” all at the same time. It’s the gateway between light and darkness—us and the Draugar—here on Planet Water.”
Arrowanna felt goose bumps rise on her neck and arms. “Then why did the sign say, ‘Island of Mystery’?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe there’s a wise old wizard of the woods who put the sign there to keep people away from the glowing log so it’s still there when The Carrier shows up.”
Arrowanna continued with another question. “Could this be the legendary island, the portal where the Draugar of the Abyss come through to torment those in the light?”
Meilí continued, “Já. The Miniscule Notes tell about the Draugar, their ways, and the hideous creatures they ride sometimes, like frenzy eels and enormous spiny-back rays, just to name a couple.”
Arrowanna reluctantly wanted to hear more. “So what else do you know?”
“Draugar rise from the grave as the walking-dead. They can remain human or become ghost-like. They can cause animals to go mad just by being near them. They even swim through rock. And there’s more.”
Arrowanna’s insides churned. She held her palm up to Meilí and said, “Stop. I don’t want to hear more about the Draugar.” She nervously adjusted her bunad and pushed her hair away from her face. Scared, she wanted to fight her curiosity but could not. She asked, “How much time did you spend reading the Miniscule Notes?”
“Hours. I still spend a lot of my time reading and learning anything I can get my hands on, not just the Miniscule Notes. Meemaw and Poppie are always trying to get me to go outside and play, but when it comes right down to it, I’d much rather be alone up in my room reading and learning things.”
“I know. I know.”
Meilí smiled at Arrowanna and said, “Mr. Phinneus. Do you know who he is?”
Arrowanna nodded. “Yeah. He’s a strange man. He and his home in that gnarled old tree stump give me the creeps.”
“You and everyone else but me. I go over there and spend the afternoon listening to his stories. He talks about things from Ways of the Water that I’ve never heard of. He’s the one who taught me about the Miniscule Notes written in the spine.”
Arrowanna shrugged and said, “Why am I not surprised?”
“Mr. Phinneus said he wasn’t sure, but he told me that he believes thousands of years ago dead Vikings rose from their graves and became Draugar on Earth. He thinks the dark frozen side of Planet Water holds a section from Earth that was full of buried Vikings, and that’s why we have Draugar here.”
When Jit saw that Arrowanna was getting annoyed, he buzzed in. “Really? I’ve never even heard that term until you two started talking. What’s all the fuss about dray-gwar... dar-gra...”     
“Draugar. It’s prononced dray-kr, Jit.”
“Whatever. Then how did they get their gills?”
“Mr. Phinneus said he also thinks SUL was in His weakened state when He gave gills to all of the living human inhabitants of Planet Water, and the magic must have somehow ‘short-circuited’ and got into the graves of the Vikings, too.”
Jit said in a tiny somber way, “Wow, that’s messed up.”
Arrowanna’s tone changed, “Then no wonder SUL needs help.” She watched a smile creep across Charleo’s face. She thought harder and said, “No wonder He needs a Carrier on each planet, especially when there’s Evil like Draugar lurking on all of the elemental planets. I’m starting to see just how important the duty of The Carrier is.” 
Charleo nodded. 
Arrowanna squeezed her eyes shut, took a deep breath, wiped her eyes, and said, “Okay. I’ve changed my mind. We need to know how to fight these things. Go on, Meilí. Tell us what else you know about these Draugar.”
Meilí said, “Well, fighting them is not as easy as you’d think. Draugar can make themselves massive in weight, or change into things like big bulls and other creatures. They possess magic, but it’s some kind of dirty magic, I’m sure.”
Arrowanna rolled her lips in and thought for a few seconds. She said, “I see your point.” She folded her arms, looked up at the treetops, and frowned. She asked, “So if they’re ghosts filled with dirty magic, how are we supposed to fight them?”
“Did you not listen to me? First off, they’re not only ghosts. I’m telling you, they all start out as the walking dead—real flesh and blood with a teensy-tiny bit of a brain—a zombie, if you will. I’m not certain of all the ways to fight them, ghosts or otherwise. But I do know this; only a hero can bring final death to Draugar. There’s an entire process to go through. So simply fighting them is futile since they just keep coming back...and back...and back.”
Deep within her very soul she knew her brother was right. But like her father, Devario, she did not want to accept the facts. She put her hands on her hips. “You’re making this up!”
Meilí mimicked Arrowanna; putting his hands on his hips he said, “No I’m not!” 
“Shhh!” Sparkles flew as Jit motioned, reminding Meilí to be quiet.
Meilí dropped his hands and his volume and became sincere. “I mean it when I say there’s a lot a hero has to do just to kill one, let alone an army of them. Draugar are immune to most weapons. But there is chance that a weapon made of iron is the only thing that will slow them down.”
“So that’s why you were asking Torleik if the sword was made of well-slagged iron?”
Irritated at Arrowanna’s interruption, Meilí continued, “It takes the strength and courage of a hero to wrestle these horrible creatures. Once the hero has slowed a Draugr down…” he glared at Arrowanna. “…WITH A WELL-SLAGGED IRON SWORD, the hero then has to wrestle it back to its grave, cut off its head, burn its body, and bury or dump the ashes in the water to assure the Draugr has met its final death.” His volume increased. “Killing them off one by one can be pretty time consuming!”
Arrowanna blew off the intensity of the tales with another question. “Regardless whether it’s killing one at a time or a whole bunch of them all at once, who in this group is qualified to be a hero?”
Meilí paused. It seemed to Arrowanna he was regaining his composure. Meilí spoke with assurance, “I think I know just the hero who can send these miserable beings to their final rest.”
Arrowanna crossed her arms. “Who? You?”
Meilí ignored Arrowanna’s tone and smiled. He said, “Let’s just say, if the need arises for a hero, you’ll find out who he or she is then.” He winked at his sister then tossed a glance at Charleo. 
Arrowanna pursed her lips and looked away.
Charleo took Arrowanna’s hand and said, “I think ye need ta be a-listenin’ ta yer brother, Arrowanna.” 
She looked down at Charleo, then at Meilí.
Meilí whispered, “Sis. Finding out you are The Carrier made you a hero in my mind.” Arrowanna was perplexed. Meilí continued, “And just so you know, Mr. Phinneus said the Draugar can enter your dreams and nightmares.”
This startled Arrowanna to the point of almost a full-blown panic; she remembered jolting awake from many nightmares only to find herself staring at the Draugar of the Abyss in her room. Now filled with fear, unable to hold back tears, she said, “I don’t want to believe any part of what you’re saying, Meilí. I just want to be done with this Carrier stuff and be back home with Meemaw and Poppie, playing with Sidra on the sandbars in the sunshine.”
“That sounds nice, but it’s not going to happen unless you get the Element and put it in its place before...”
“I know, I know...before the starfish finish their dance.” Arrowanna pursed her lips again and stared deep into the forest.
“That be right,” Charleo said. “B’fore the starfish be a-finishin’ their dance. And we dunna e’en know if they’ve started dancin’ yet, so we need ta keep a-goin’. We’ll just have ta be a-dealin’ with the Draugar as best we can, when they...” 
Meilí recognized his sister’s panicked expression and finished with, “...he means if they come after us.”
In an attempt to disillusion herself yet again, she threw her arms in the air. “Stop it right now! That’s ridiculous. You’re both taking the word of some crazy old geezer whose gills are clogged.”
Meilí let out a frustrated breath. “Well maybe. But on the same day he told me all of that, I ran home as fast as I could and started reading the Miniscule Notes. Sis, that’s why it was my idea for me and Torleik to come with you; I knew too much to let you come out here alone. But I should have sent Torleik out here to take you to the canyon since he’s the strong, brave one. I’m just the smart one.” Meilí half smiled. 
Arrowanna did not see the humor. She blurted, “I confess.” 
Once again Jit motioned to her to hold it down. 
She lowered her voice to a strong whisper. “I’ve heard of the Miniscule Notes, but I’ve not read them. And I really didn’t want to believe it when Meemaw and Poppie told me what little they did about the Draugar. I guess I should have listened closer to them while I was growing up.” She looked at Charleo and Jit, who were obviously taken back. “So let me sum this whole thing up. What you’re saying is, we’re walking on the most dangerous island on Planet Water, and we’re being followed by the Draugar—the ones who have been chosen to serve as watchers—and only a hero can take out a Draugr, starting with an iron sword, then wrestling it back to its grave, cutting off its head, burning it to ashes and either burying the remains or sending the ashes out to sea, and you think I’m that hero?”
There was a long pause. Arrowanna watched them looking at each other, then Meilí, Charleo, and Jit answered in unison, “Já. Aye. Yup.”
Arrowanna calmed at Charleo’s loving touch. Jit took a seat on Meilí’s shoulder, removed his do-rag, and twiddled it between his fingers. After a short time Arrowanna, wanting desperately to be done with this task, braved up and said, “We need to keep going. I’ve got a canyon to cross.” She felt the blood drain from her face at her own words.
“I wouldn’t move just yet,” whispered Meilí.
“Why not?” Arrowanna asked.
“There was one thing I was hoping I wouldn’t ever have to explain from the Miniscule Notes.”
“And why don’t I like the tone of your whisper?” Arrowanna said with trembling words. She watched the shadows through the trees on the ridge poof out of existence.
“GRRRRRR!” 
SWOOSH! Something lunged toward Arrowanna from behind.
Meilí yanked Arrowanna out of the way in the nick of time to avoid her being overtaken and mauled. 
Arrowanna screamed. Leaves scattered in the mayhem of dust when the creature skidded and made a sudden turn. Arrowanna held her breath at the sight that stared her down. She panicked when she saw the beast’s large teeth dripping with saliva. It growled low as it inched toward her.
Meilí drew a sword but did not advance. 
Charleo, quick to load his bow and position his aim on the beast, shouted, “It be a bear! A really big bear!”
Arrowanna froze when Meilí yelled, “No! It’s a berserkr!”
10
Someone’s Gone Berserk

“A what!?” Arrowanna screamed.
“A berserkr!” Meilí screamed back. 
Charleo blurted, “I’ll be a-gettin’ ye b’fore ye e’en have a chance ta come close ta Arrowanna, ye nasty ol’ chameleon grizzly scudder-lookin’ bear!” He let an arrow fly. Arrowanna was shocked as the arrow skipped off the beast instead of penetrating its hide. She gasped at the puzzled fright on Charleo’s face as he fumbled to load another arrow.
Meilí hollered, “It’s no use, Charleo! Save your arrows. We just have to wait it out.”
“And what be that supposed ta mean?” Charleo finally readied another arrow. “I’ll be a-shootin’ an arrow if I be a-wantin’ ta!” He let another arrow fly. It, too, bounced off the front of the creature’s right shoulder, and the beast did not even flinch. It seemed that the arrow had only provoked the animal.
Jit flew in and started dropping sparkles as fast as he could over the beast’s eyes to try and blind it, but one Sprite alone was obviously no match for the enormous mammal. The creature swatted Jit, causing him to bang into a tree (an all too familiar incident; Tarnnin had done the same thing to Jit and Giddy on Maycly).
The frothing beast shook its head in apparent rage then charged Arrowanna. Just as it reached her, it skidded to a halt, then reared onto its hind legs, standing more than twelve feet tall. It flailed its forelegs and bellowed a fierce growl. Arrowanna covered her face and screamed.
The giant bear-like creature began to lean forward.
Meilí shouted, “Arrowanna! Look out!” Not thinking, he dropped his sword and took off running. “The berserkr is going to smódir6 you!” Meilí dived and again saved his sister’s life, this time by pushing her out of the way and taking her place.
Arrowanna felt herself tumbling down a small incline. She curled into a ball and slammed her eyes closed when she heard Charleo’s anxious shout, followed by a ground-jolting thud. She knew the beast had come crashing down on top of Meilí.
The leaves and dirt settled, and Arrowanna, afraid to move, listened to the silence. When she heard a small voice in her ear it startled her. 
“We need you back up there.” 
She slowly uncurled her legs and arms and opened her eyes. She sighed in relief. “Thank goodness it’s you, Jit.” She followed Jit back up the hill and found Charleo pulling an older boy off Meilí. She watched Charleo roll the boy to his back; the boy seemed to be unconscious. There was blood all over his shirt. Arrowanna gulped.
The boy’s sudden, deep, loud inhalation caused Arrowanna and the others to jump. “Get them out of me! Get them out of me!” the boy shouted, pulling at two arrows. He groaned and winced harder.
Charleo batted the boy’s hands away from the arrows. “Be a-holdin’ still! Tis gonna hurt, ye know, if they be pulled out.” Charleo fought to get the boy’s hands pinned to the ground.
“I don’t care! Get them out of me!”
Arrowanna caught sight of Meilí lying motionless. She knelt and shook him. “Meilí! Meilí, open your eyes. Come on. Don’t leave me. You can’t leave me now!” She pressed her head to Meilí’s chest and wept. Jit flew in and cleared the tears that had started to race down Arrowanna’s cheeks.
“Thank you,” Arrowanna said to the Sprite. She sniffled. Please SUL. If You can hear me inwardly, and You have the strength left in You, please don’t let my brother die. Please.
After a few seconds Meilí gasped for a breath of air, his gills filled with sand, and he coughed hard.
“Meilí! You’re alive!” Arrowanna hugged him. She thought, SUL, You truly are amazing. I can’t wait to meet You.   
Meilí’s voice sounded gravelly. “Yeah. Alive. I think.” He brushed the debris from his chest. “Ouch. That’s a tender spot. I’m not sure how being alive is even an option with what happened, but—Ouch!—another tender spot,” he said as he reached up and ran his hand through his hair. He choked and blew more sand from his gills.
Arrowanna said, “You don’t need to worry about how, just thank SUL you’re alive.” She smiled at her brother. “Uh, I know you just came back to life, and I couldn’t be happier. But there’s something rather odd going on right next to you. Look.”
With Arrowanna’s help, Meilí sat up. He saw the boy breathing shallowly and Charleo reaching for the arrows in the boy’s chest and shoulder. Meilí’s eyes grew wide and he yelled, “He’s a berserkr! Charleo, don’t take those arrows out of him! Let him die.”
“Fer Maycly’s sake, Meilí. He be only a boy, no older than Arrowanna. I dinna mean ta shoot a boy.”
With a big smile on his small face, Jit snapped his tiny fingers and sped off. Arrowanna had no idea why.
“I was a-shootin’ a bear as it was a-fallin’ onta ye, if ye remember.” Charleo looked back down at the boy and murmured, “I certainly would like ta know what happened ta that bear, though.”
The boy spoke, “Meilí’s right. I’m a...a...” He wiped the sweat from his eyes and saw Arrowanna’s face for the first time. Arrowanna was taken aback by his dreamy eyes and felt her heart flutter. The boy looked back at Charleo and continued. “I’m a berserkr. I’m not worthy to live. I need to be done away with, and fast. Isn’t that right, Meilí?”
Before Meilí could get a word in edgewise, Charleo took over. “Ye be a-talkin’ nonsense, boy. Ye most likely got knocked a wee bit crazy durin’ the incident.” Charleo pointed at Meilí and said, “And you! Stop encouragin’ ’im. I’ll have nothin’ of the sort a-goin’ on. And just so ye know, I’ll be a-takin’ those arrows out.” With an arrow in each hand, Charleo paused, and a puzzled look came over his face. He turned to Meilí and asked, “Dinna these arrows bounce off when they hit the bear?”
Meilí sighed and said, “That’s what ‘the bear’ wanted you to see.”
“I don’t care what we saw. Get them out of him!” Arrowanna cried.
Meilí shouted, “No! Leave them in!” 
Charleo removed the arrows in one swift pull before another word was spoken. The sound of the arrows exiting the wounds and the boy’s chilling scream of pain were repulsive to Arrowanna. 
Jit came to the rescue with fresh petals from a blue forest lily and handed them to Arrowanna. “They’re healing petals.”
“I know, but how did you know?” Arrowanna asked. 
“They were on the checklist that SUL gave me before we came to Planet Water. He described them and said we might have use for them from time to time. He trusted that I would be able to fly fast enough through the underbrush to get them when, or if, we needed them.”
Arrowanna beamed. Without question she instantly placed the blue healing petals over the boy’s wounds and held them in place until they adhered to the boy’s skin. 
Meilí butted in, “Get those petals off of him!” 
Arrowanna did not appreciate Meilí’s current rude behavior. Ignoring her brother’s actions and words, she gazed into the wounded boy’s eyes and asked, “What’s your name?” 
“You don’t need to know his name! You don’t need to be getting attached to him, either. I don’t care if Charleo did take the arrows out and you put those healing petals on him, I’m going to kill him...now! It’s our only chance to survive.”
Charleo’s tone was stern. “I said...” he marched straight to Meilí. “...we’ll be a-havin’ none of the sort!”
Meilí looked at Arrowanna who was now staring into the wounded boy’s deep blue eyes. Meilí said, “Sis, what are you doing? We can’t allow this to turn into a teeny-bopper crush. Don’t even go there! I’m telling you, he’s dangerous. He is a berserkr. He was that bear! Don’t you get it? We’ve got to do away with this berserkr while he’s normal, and not a bear, because you can’t kill him when he’s a bear.” Meilí drew the second sword. 
The boy’s eyes widened at the sight of the +Ulfberh+t5.
Charleo picked up his bow, wedged himself between Meilí and the boy, put his hand on an arrow in his quiver, and said to Meilí, “Dunna ye dare.” 
Meilí slowly lowered the sword.
Arrowanna directed her next statement at Meilí. “I think the only one going berserk around here is you! A berserkr? Really? I don’t think such a thing even exists. You know our planet has bits of magic here and there, and I believe this boy was sent to us by some kind of magic to protect us from that bear. He’s not the bear. Look at him.”
Meilí was spitting mad. He jumped up and down as he shouted. “He’s not here to protect us from the bear. How many times do I have to tell you? He IS the bear! Even he said he’s the bear!”
Arrowanna laughed at Meilí. She said to the injured boy, “My brother talks gibberish sometimes, but what do you expect from a thirteen-year-old?” She could tell by the boy’s expression he was scared. She leaned down closer to his face and whispered so only the boy could hear. “Don’t listen to my brother. We’re not going to kill you. I’m The Carrier, and what I say, goes. Now what is your name? And what happened to that bear?”
Charleo had been dealing with Meilí. He turned and faced Arrowanna and the boy and said, “Now who be ye? And what happened ta that bear?”
Arrowanna and the boy smiled at that. She reached and gently brushed the matted strands of hair from the boy’s eyes. The boy returned a smile that melted her heart.
“My name is Erland,” said the boy. “And the bear is...is...” looking deep into Arrowanna’s eyes he continued, “...well let’s just say he’s gone for now.”
Arrowanna felt her face blush. “My name is Arrowanna. It’s lovely to meet you, Erland.” She batted her eyes.
11
Meanwhile, Back at the Ship

Torleik had a tag-along as he paced back and forth across the deck. He turned and said, “Sidra, PLEASE stop following me.”
“I don’t want to. I want to do everything you do.”
Torleik sighed then said, “It’s been way too long. They should’ve been back by now.”
“Jà. They should’ve been back by now,” echoed Sidra crossing her arms. 
Torleik watched Giddy darting from treetop to treetop until the Sprite returned and said, “I don’t see any sign of them. But the good news is, I don’t see any signs of trouble either.”
Torleik scrunched up his mouth and hesitated. Then he said, “I think we need to do something.”
Giddy darted over and hovered in front of Torleik’s face. “We don’t need to do anything but wait...in my opinion.” He flitted a little closer to Torleik and continued. “Arrowanna asked us to stay here until they get back. That means the only thing we should do is make certain that we stay put. And make sure that our campfire doesn’t go out.” Giddy flew to the edge of the ship. “And it looks like we need to get down there and add another log or two.”
Sidra ran to the edge beside Giddy. She peered over the side and said, “Yup! We need to put another log or two on the fire, Torleik.” Giddy dived over the railing, and Sidra headed down the gangplank to the beach.
Torleik ignored both of them. He thought, With Meilí’s smarts and Charleo’s expertise, I just know they should have been back by now. A split second after his thought he felt as though time came to a standstill; things began to spin around him as he remained motionless. He became disoriented and staggered from mid-deck to the stairs going up to the ship’s wheel. He called out, “Sidra! Giddy!” But much to his surprise his voice sounded to him like a slow, deep, echo, and he noticed neither one turned around at his beckoning.
As he reached the ship’s wheel he saw and felt black smoky fingers wrap around him. The temperature dropped; it took his breath. Again he tried to call to Sidra and Giddy but felt so weak he could not bring the words to his lips. He fought to stay attentive, but the icy air smothered his nose and gills. A swirling, star-studded darkness began to close in around him and block his vision. Then he passed out.
*  *  *
Torleik lay face down, hair matted to the ice in a small pool of blood. I wonder if that’s my blood. He touched his head where it hurt the most and felt an open wound. Já, it’s mine all right. The lingering sight of his frozen blood on the ice from the gash on his head made him queasy. He felt an extreme chill attaching itself to his body. He tried to take a deep breath but could not; the ice crystals floating in the air made him cough. Afraid, he slowly pushed himself up using his elbows. The air felt brutally crisp. The unbroken silence made him uncomfortable. He breathed shallowly through his nose, making a concerted effort to keep his gills closed. But he felt the bitter cold chapping the edges of his gills with every short, irregular breath he took.
A torch lay near his feet. He picked it up and, as his fingers curled around the handle, the torch lit up. Confused, his eyes began to adjust to the light. He looked around and exclaimed, “This room’s not only freezing, it’s huge! Where am I?” The echo of his inquiry raced through the numerous tunnels, and what he saw unnerved him. He took a harder look and realized each tunnel led into extreme darkness.
The surrounding massively high walls, so white they appeared blue, looked as slick as dimpled glass. Torleik leaned back and fixed his gaze on a high, hollow peak. He stared at the bits of light from his torch bouncing off the huge, rippled, shiny surfaces in several places. He noticed a slight fog seeping and rising here and there out of the walls. He continued to look but saw no other life.
Again he asked aloud, “Where am I?” And again his never-ending echo instilled more fear. He closed his eyes and wished his head would stop pounding. It took much effort, but he managed to stand. He tried to walk but found that, with each step, he slipped and came close to falling. “I hate ice,” he muttered. He quickly learned to adjust his balance as he shuffled his feet along the frozen water beneath him. 
Curious to find out if the walls, too, were some type of ice, he approached and touched them. “Ouch!” He pulled his hand back. “That’s hot...I think.” But being keen to the fact that his breath showed when he exhaled, he thought, Or is it so cold it actually feels hot? He put his palm flat on the wall. “Yikes!” Já, that’s cold all right...or hot...it feels a lot different than the floor, that’s for certain. He reached out one more time and touched the wall, and immediately jerked his hand away. Burning ice. Wow! “Where am I?” 
He heard slow, thumping footsteps accompanied by a few huffs, puffs, a snort, and a hawker being spit and splatting against the ice. He felt the hair stand on the back of his neck when a large solid-yet-ghostly warrior appeared from one of the tunnels across the large room. Torleik raised the torch and trembled. The approaching warrior, and his shadow, dwarfed Torleik. Amazed not only at how steady the warrior moved across the ice, but also at the warrior’s silhouetted appearance, Torleik thought, He must be from another land. The warrior came into the light of the torch. I don’t recognize anything he’s wearing, let alone his size and stature. Torleik could make out a pointed metal helmet encasing the ghost-like man’s large head. The helmet shone with dangling chainmail that met his shoulders. A silvery bar covered his nose, or at least where a nose should have been. His glowing red eyes made Torleik’s skin crawl. The warrior’s long, wiry, copper-colored mustache and beard were caked with icy chunks. Around his neck hung several enormous pieces of fur that covered all but a glimpse of tarnished metal shoulder pads. His knee-length, heavy woolen cape swished with every step.
Torleik, leery of the wooden shield the warrior held in one hand and the sword in the other, straightened and stiffened. He tried not to stare at the decaying skin on the man’s exposed arms, which appeared to have once been extremely muscular. The only apparel he wore on his arms was studded leather wrist guards. As the ghostly warrior approached, Torleik heard the man’s bones clack, creak, and rattle beneath what was left of his rotting corpse. Torleik felt his bottom lip begin to quiver at the sight of the warrior’s leather chest piece drawn tight over the tunic of chainmail, both in a size that would fit around a bison’s chest and still leave slack. Torleik wanted to run, but something told him any attempt to do so would cost him his life.
The enormous blue-gray figure approached Torleik and spoke, his voice deep and commanding. “You are in the Abyss. I am the great Frey.” The giant beat his chest and grunted with pride causing the ice beneath his feet to vibrate. Frey’s penetrating voice echoed through the tunnels when he said, “And he who conquered me on Earth is now my equal in this small piece of Niflheim, now known as The Abyss!” Frey sliced the air with his sword then pointed at one of the tunnel openings. Another warrior dressed similar to Frey, but twice his size, squeezed through the tunnel’s opening and emerged into the room.
Torleik fought his buckling knees and remained on his feet.
When the second walking-dead warrior stood to his fullest height, Frey’s gritty voice echoed again, “This is Raul.” Raul threw his head back, howled, and beat his shield with his sword. Frey continued, “Together we rule this Abyss.”
Torleik shuddered when both let out a mighty Viking cry. Frey said, “We are the leaders of the Draugar of the Abyss.” His mouth stretched into a wicked smile as he leaned down into Torleik’s face and grumbled, “Ykkarr nipt is of mestr meta to ver Draugar.”
Torleik recognized part of the language as an Old Norse dialect, but he had no idea how to translate what Frey had just spoken. Aside from feeling nauseated by Frey’s hot, foul, sea-tainted breath, Torleik wished, for about ten seconds, he were Meilí. He knew his twin brother would know who these guys were and would have understood what Frey had said in that wicked, intimidating tone. Torleik’s insides churned, but he held his ground. He held up both of his hands and said, “Now take it easy boys. I’m not going to start anything. I just want to disarm myself.” He wanted to draw his sword and fight, but even with as strong as he imagined himself to be, he had no doubt that he did not stand a chance against these ancient, zombiefied Vikings. He believed his best option for the time being would be to surrender; it might be his only way to stay alive.
The Draugar stepped closer.
Slowly and gracefully Torleik drew his sword, but before he could place it at his feet and surrender, Frey knocked the sword from his hand. Torleik instinctively raced toward the sword. Just as he grabbed it, he felt himself being picked up and thrown over Frey’s shoulder. At a slow, pounding pace the Draugr carried Torleik deep into the tunnel from which he had appeared. Raul followed.
Torleik, not only strong but also patient, did his best not to put up a struggle no matter how much Frey’s spiked metal shoulder armor poked through the furs and into Torleik’s stomach. Sizing up Raul and the way the Draugr walked, Torleik sensed trouble and felt most likely the trouble would be on a level of which he did not wish to be a part. But Torleik, not being a quitter, remained attentive and mulled over a plan of escape in his head. He could not have been more thrilled to see Raul turn and duck into another tunnel where the darkness swallowed him whole. Without Raul watching, I stand a much better chance, Torleik thought. Somehow I have to break Frey’s grasp—he has quite the grip—but there has to be a way.
Large holes were scattered around the icy floor, and Torleik sized them up as Frey clambered around them. I wonder how deep those pits are? Torleik continued to bounce on the sharp spikes, every jab making him more impatient than the last. The sound of the half-dead Viking licking and smacking his lips nearly made Torleik hurl. He could not help wondering his fate. Draped over Frey’s shoulder, Torleik longed inwardly for SUL’s help.
Torleik felt Frey loosen his grip. Amazing! SUL must have gotten him to trust the fact that I’m not going to put up a fight. Thanks SUL. Torleik wasted no time. He took in a deep breath, kicked his leg with a vengeance, and felt the toe of his boot sink into one of Frey’s rotted eye sockets. Just as I’d hoped. Frey’s ear-shattering cries shook the walls causing Torleik to drop his sword. Torleik felt Frey let loose of him when he grabbed for his eye. This was his chance to escape. He pushed himself up off the spikes, grabbed hold of the fur skins beneath the cape Frey wore, and swung. But he had forgotten about the ice; he landed feet-first, but within a fraction of a second his feet went out from under him, and he went into an uncontrolled slide, ending up dropping right into one of the dark holes. Cold wind blasted his ears and rushed through his gills. Frey’s cries dwindled, and Torleik wondered if he would ever stop falling.
BAM! He hit hard. A few seconds later his sword landed right next to him. He thought, Frey must have kicked it down the hole at me in anger. Who cares; at least I have it. He quickly put it back in its sheath. He felt perhaps he had broken some bones but found that his legs were working. He knew he would not have much time, so he stood, though not without severe pain, and looked out of the only opening in the blue ice walls. He rubbed his eyes. “I can’t believe it!” He shouted. “I can see the tall ship!” He rubbed his eyes again and looked, but the tall ship had disappeared. He squinted, but again he saw no ship. Frustrated, he thought, Magic, dirty magic. Regardless, I have to get back to the ship one way or another. But what if it’s not dirty magic and my eyes are playing tricks on me? He convinced himself to ignore that thought and ignore the pain. 
He took off running, making a dash through the opening where the ship had appeared. He burst out and made certain to stand clear of the opening from which he had made his exit. He wanted to stay out of sight of anyone inside the Abyss. “Free at last!” he shout-whispered. He rubbed his arms in an attempt to generate some heat. I’ve got to get back. I’m certain Sidra is freaking out about now. Hopefully, Arrowanna and the others have returned. 
Unsure of the surface beneath him, he began crawling in the direction where he had seen the ship. “OUCH!” His knee had met with something sharp; he assumed it must be a dead limb. I hope this works like that other torch. He ripped his shirt off. Then he picked up the object and wrapped the shirt over the top of it. He smiled when the makeshift torch lit on its own. But when his eyes focused on the torch, he gagged at the sight and nearly dropped it. It was not a dead limb, but a human bone! He thought, Concentrate, Torleik. You don’t have much time. He waved the torch and found himself on a very narrow shoreline. He began to run as best and as fast as he could on the ice of the skinny shore.
The farther he got from the opening through which he had escaped, the dimmer the torch became. He stopped, bent over, and panted to catch his breath, holding the ache in his side from breathing the frigid air. He thought he caught a quick glimpse of light on the other side of the darkness. Jit or Giddy? This built his confidence, and he continued onward. His torch was fizzling out as he traipsed the shoreline in the frigid air. Please don’t go out now. Please not now. He slammed the bone down on the shore when the flame extinguished.
Now nearly defeated he thought, I have to figure out a way to get through this icy darkness, cross these waters, and get back to the ship. I will not give up. “OUCH!” he shouted when something solid on the shore met with his shins. He felt around and discovered something in the shape of a rowboat. He continued to feel around and found no holes in the small craft. He even felt what he hoped were a pair of oars. His eyes widened, and his lips stretched into a grin. He whispered, “This is my ticket out of here. I’m coming Sidra.” He pushed the craft halfway into the water and climbed in. As quietly as he could, he put the oars in place, aimed the nose of the boat toward the small light he had seen, and launched the rowboat from the shore, relieved with his getaway.
12
Blinded By Love

Arrowanna helped Erland to his feet. She gave Meilí a dirty look when she saw him mouth the words, “Stop. Please.” She continued to assist Erland, using a little more compassion than she normally did with her friends. She did not care what Meilí thought; she had found a boy who could not take his eyes off her, and she could not take her eyes off him.
Charleo spoke up, “We need ta be a-goin’. I be certain Torleik, Sidra, and Giddy be a-worryin’ ‘bout us. We shouldna be a-keepin’ ‘em in suspense any longer than need be.”
Erland was smooth-talking. “Well then, I must be off,” he said. “I need to get back home.”
Arrowanna looked deep into his eyes, then she hugged him. She did not want to say goodbye. From over Erland’s shoulder she witnessed some relief on Meilí’s face, but it did not last.
Meilí’s tone was sharp. “That would probably be the best thing for you to do. Leave now, and never come back. I’m sure your family is wondering where you are. Besides, if you stick around with us, I just might have to get rid of you myself...permanently.”
Arrowanna jumped in. “Stop it, Meilí!” She took Erland’s hand and said softly to him, “Don’t be silly. You should come with us. Who knows where that bear is, and the more hands we have on our side to fight it, the better.” She put her other hand on Erland’s shoulder and continued, “You don’t need to worry. I can handle my brother.”
Meilí blurted, “I don’t think you can!” He stuck his tongue out at Arrowanna, then he squinted and pursed his lips.
Arrowanna rolled her eyes. She stepped around Erland, put her hands on her hips, and looked at Meilí with a smug expression. “Is that so?” Arrowanna’s back was to Erland, so she did not see the devilish smile he tossed to Meilí. Erland stepped back and let the two of them sort it out.
Arrowanna and Meilí stepped closer and closer together, shouting at each other at the same time. They both snapped to attention at the sound of Charleo’s “admiral” voice resounding over theirs. “Ye two need ta be a-quittin’ it right now! Sakes, I leave me own two boys b’hind, a-thinkin’ this’ll be a nice break from a-squelchin’ their spattin’ with each other, and I be a-findin’ I’ve got more of the same down here. I’ve been around for several hundred years with chukkonettes, which means I’ve had me fill of siblins’ a-bickerin’. Be ye understandin’ that?”
A bold “Yessir!” came from both of them. 
“All right then.” Charleo adjusted his hat and said, “Now let’s get a-goin’.” He pointed at Arrowanna and Meilí and said, “And aye, Erland be a-comin’ with us. No arguin’.”
Arrowanna smiled big and glanced at Meilí.
“Or a-gloatin’,” Charleo added.
She wiped the grin from her face.
Erland shouted, “Hey, what’s this?” Everyone but Meilí rushed to join him. Arrowanna watched as Erland bent to the ground and picked up Meilí’s sword. That got Meilí’s attention, and he bolted to meet the others. Erland looked at the sword and said, “+Ulfberh+t5. These are nice swords; not many of them exist.” He swished it through the air with speed and grace. “Yeah. These swords were made 1000 years before their time. Some of those Vikings really knew what they were doing.” He sliced the air again with the +Ulfberh+t5. “Wherever did you get such a piece?”
Arrowanna could tell Meilí was steaming mad. Erland began to run his hand across the shiny metal, but Meilí jerked it from his grasp. “Give me that! It’s mine. And it’s a secret where it came from. A secret only I know.”
Erland laughed and said, “You really believe that?” He reached for the sword, but Meilí yanked it away before Erland had a chance to get his hands on it. Erland continued, “Well, what if I told you that you aren’t the only one who knows the secret about where that sword came from?” Erland laughed again. Arrowanna frowned; she thought the laugh sounded sinister. He reached for the sword once more.
Arrowanna instinctively slapped Erland’s hand and said, “Hey. Let my brother keep his sword.” She waited for Meilí to return the sword to its sheath before she continued giving Erland a hard time. “And you don’t need to laugh at him like that. In fact I won’t stand for that tone of laughter from anyone in this group.”
Erland did not attempt to alter his cocky smile. “Okay. Sorry. Just trying to have a little fun with the youngster.”
“Well don’t. I won’t have anyone mocking my brother.” She snapped a bit louder, “He may have some quirky ideas and theologies, but he’s still my brother. Got it?”
Erland put both hands up in a surrender position, backed away, and said, “Sure. Whatever you say.” He winked at Arrowanna, then slowly his smile changed into one that stole her heart.
She blushed, cleared her throat, and said to Erland, “Now, apologize to Meilí.”
She saw the smile leave Erland’s face and he said, “For what? He’s the one who wants to kill me. Why should I apologize to him?”
“Just do it!” Arrowanna kicked some fallen leaves at Erland.
“Okay. Okay.” Erland extended a hand to Meilí and said in a syrupy tone, “I’m sorry, Meilí.”
Reluctantly Meilí returned a hand-shake and mumbled, “Yeah, me too.”
Arrowanna could tell neither of the two boys was sincere, but she was uplifted by the fact that they had at least traded a half-hearted handshake. She said, “Now onward. Jit, please lead the way.” 
Jit perked up and went to the front. His sparkles helped them see their way in the denseness of the forest; they traipsed into the thickest part thus far. Only a few rays of light cut through the branches and illuminated the crests in the distance on either side of them. 
Erland said, “May I ask where we’re going?” No one answered. “Uh...is anyone listening to me? Where are we going exactly?” Still, no one answered. “Okay. What’s up? Why aren’t any of you talking?”
“Shhh.” Arrowanna placed her index finger over her lips and whispered, “The shadows are back. Don’t you see them?”
Erland whispered back, “The shadows? You mean the mist on the ridges?”
Arrowanna grabbed his arm with both hands. “That doesn’t look like mist to me.”
Meilí said, “Me either. It looks like shadows darting in and out of sight behind the trees.”
Charleo whispered, “It be not a-lookin’ like a mist ta me either.” At that Arrowanna saw Jit dive into Charleo’s beard.
Erland no longer whispered. He said to them all, “Trust me, I’m from these parts. It’s just mist on the ridges. I promise.” Arrowanna wanted to believe Erland but questioned her trust when she caught him giving a quick nod in each direction—and the black “mist” disappeared. Reluctantly she called for Jit, and he flew back out and took the lead.
“It’s getting darker. And scarier,” Arrowanna said in a soft voice. She clenched Erland’s arm tighter.
“That’s it, you just hang onto me, Arrowanna.” Erland put his hand over hers. “I’ll protect you from anything that comes from the dark.” Then he ran his hand through her golden locks that were shimmering in the light of Jit’s sparkles. Somehow this calmed her fears. He whispered into her ear, “Where are we going? Did I hear right that you’re The Carrier? That’s pretty amazing if you are.”
Arrowanna pulled on Erland’s arm to slow him down and let the others get a bit farther ahead. When she felt the distance between them and the others was enough, she raised her head, turned to face Erland, and gave him the answers. “Yes, I’m The Carrier. SUL said that He broke the Element into three pieces to keep Evil from getting their hands on the entire thing all at once. We’re taking a magic scroll to the illuminated petrified log that’s dangling over a canyon. I have to put this scroll...” she pulled it half-way out of her pocket and showed him “...on the petrified log for the first clue to absorb into the parchment in order to find the first piece of the Element. The problem is, Jit and Giddy have already been out here, and they said the petrified log is dangling over the canyon on the dark side of the island. I don’t want to do this, but I have to.”
Before Erland had a chance to say anything, Charleo shouted, “Hey, ye two! Ye need ta be a-keepin’ up with the rest of us. There be safety in numbers, ye know. C’mon. Be a hurryin’ it up.” Arrowanna and Erland dashed to catch up. Charleo said, “That be more like it. We’ve no time fer laggin’ and tale-tellin’. Both of ye get in front of me, and I’ll take ta bringin’ up the rear.”
Arrowanna looked at Erland with disappointment and nearly protested when Erland smiled and said to Charleo, “We can do that.” He picked her up and carried her past Charleo so they were now between him and Meilí.
Jit made an abrupt stop. “Listen! Do you hear it?” He sped to Meilí, then to Arrowanna and Erland, then to Charleo, and back to the front of the line, all the while saying, “That rumbling sound in the distance…it’s a big waterfall. I’d know that sound anywhere. It’s on one end or the other of the canyon, so that means the canyon is just up ahead. We’re almost there. I don’t know how soft the land is around the edges, so be very careful.” He raced back to Meilí and said, "Go real easy."
“I’ve got an idea,” said Meilí. “Why don’t we put Erland up front to lead since he’s from this island and knows all about it? That way if the ground gives way, he’ll be the one to fall and not us.”
“No need for that, young man. You’re doing fine. Besides, I’ve got to keep hold of Arrowanna so nothing harms her.” Erland’s quick answer satisfied Arrowanna.
“Here we go again.” Meilí adjusted his belt. “Fine, I’ll stay in the lead. I’m not a coward. Besides, how big can this canyon really be?” Just then they broke through the trees and Meilí’s voice changed. “Oh. That big.”
Arrowanna squirmed out of Erland’s arms and pushed her way past Meilí to the edge. She was taken back by the immense beauty of the lighted half, yet she was terrified at the eeriness of how dark the other side appeared. She leaned with caution and looked over the edge. “There’s...there’s...no bottom to this canyon.” She gulped.
“That’s what Giddy and I were trying to tell you back at the ship. And that’s why we didn’t go any farther down inside it than we did,” Jit said.
Arrowanna tried to convince herself not to be afraid. “At least it’s not as wide as it is deep.” She squinted. “I don’t see the petrified log though. Jit, where is it?”
“I’ll show you. Follow me. But stay back from the edge.”
Arrowanna and her friends kept a close eye on the edge of the forest and the edge of the canyon. As they headed north Arrowanna noticed the sound of the waterfall increasing in volume. The group was entering a thick, wet fog. Arrowanna’s sight of the forest and the edge of the canyon disappeared. Each step became more frightening than the last. She said, “Perhaps it’s not the spray of the waterfall but misty rain that’s soaking the ground.”
“That’s exactly what it is.” Erland put his arm around Arrowanna’s waist. “You’re not only beautiful, you’re smart.”
Jit said, “Wait here. We have to be getting close to the spot where the petrified log lies on the other side.” Everyone halted. They watched Jit fade away in the dampness. Soon he shouted from over their heads, “It’s there. The petrified log is there. I can barely see it glowing, just like when Giddy and I were here. But you can’t see it unless you’re above the misty rain, like I am now.” He flew back down to Arrowanna and asked, “What are we going to do? You can’t see the other side unless you’re up high, above it. There’s no way you can cross straight over the canyon in mid-air. We may need a longer rope.”
Erland said, “I’ve been through that mist and across the canyon many times. I’ll take you, Arrowanna.”
Before she could respond to Erland, she heard a high-pitched, faint voice come from the darkness across the canyon, “I saw a Sprite above the dew. Does this mean The Carrier is near? For only The Carrier may come to the petrified log. Only for The Carrier shall the petrified log add clues to the scroll. I’m warning you. Do not come to the petrified log unless you are The Carrier.”
“Who’s there?” Arrowanna wondered if her voice could be heard on the other side of the canyon. She startled when the small voice answered her. 
“I am Parexo, the keeper of the petrified log. Who asks?”
Arrowanna turned to Charleo and asked, “Is Parexo our ally? What should I do? I don’t want to give away the fact that I’m The Carrier to just anyone.”
Meilí uttered a quick, “Huh!” Arrowanna glared at him. “You gave it away to this berserkr here,” Meilí said as he nodded in Erland’s direction. 
“How do you know that?”
Meilí continued, “You think we can’t hear every single thing that echoes through the forest? Really?”
“Enough outta ye, Meilí. If Arrowanna dinna trust Erland, she wouldna have given the secret away.” Charleo turned to Arrowanna. “Parexo be the keeper of the petrified log; SUL told me her name. Go ahead and be a-givin’ her the answer.”
“Who’s there?” came Parexo’s voice again from across the vast canyon.
“It is I, Arrowanna, The Carrier.” Through the spray Arrowanna saw something begin to glow on the other side.
Parexo said, “It is true. You do not lie. The petrified log recognizes you as the true Carrier. You may proceed.”
“Proceed? But how? I can’t see through the thick air to send my rope to the other side.”
“You do not need a rope to reach the log. Step through the misty rain and off the edge, and your trust in SUL shall provide the path you need.”
“But, Parexo, I don’t understand! What if I choose the wrong place to step from the edge? Surely I would fall to my death.”
“The only way you will fall to your death is if you do not put your full trust in SUL to provide the path. But you must come alone. The ones who accompany you are not true Carriers; therefore, they will fall to their deaths immediately if they try to come with you. You must do this on your own. It is SUL’s bidding.”
Frightened more than she had ever been, Arrowanna looked deep into Erland’s eyes and whispered,  “Do you think I have enough trust in SUL?”
He caressed her cheek and replied, “I assure you SUL would not have called you to the task if He didn’t think you had enough trust in Him.”
Arrowanna felt herself go to jelly in his arms. “Okay. Then I can do this, right?”
“Of course you can." Erland brushed her curls behind her shoulder. “And I’ll stay right here with the others to protect them from that bear.”
A sigh of relief escaped Arrowanna. “Listen up, everyone," she said. “I’m going to do this. I have to do this. Erland has given me the courage and sees in me that I have enough trust in SUL to walk through the air over the canyon.” She closed her eyes and shook her head at the words that had just come out of her mouth. “I am The Carrier. I am Planet Water’s only sure hope of seeing SUL’s new Earth come to pass.” Everyone cheered, and that boosted Arrowanna’s confidence another notch. She continued, “Erland has offered to stay and protect all of you while I’m gone.” She watched Meilí’s mouth drop open. “You’ll be extra safe. He lives here. He knows how to fight the bear.”
“I think you’ve got that a little mixed up,” said Meilí. “I think you mean he knows how to fight like the bear!”
Meilí’s fear was apparent to Arrowanna, even though his words sounded tough. She ignored his concern, and she and the others welcomed Erland with open arms—literally. Meilí whispered to Arrowanna, “Be careful Sis. I’ll watch over everyone here, just in case I’m right.”
Arrowanna whispered back, “I know. I trust you as much as I trust SUL. But Erland really is a good person. He’ll help you.” Arrowanna got no response; she saw Meilí look at Erland and give him what appeared to be a halfhearted smile.
13
Trust and Tragedy

Arrowanna’s last hug went to Charleo. She said, “Don’t a-ye a-be a-cryin’, wee one.” 
Charleo smiled at her bad chukkon-ese and wiped his tears. 
Arrowanna continued. “I’ll be fine. If Erland says I have enough trust in SUL, then it’s a sure thing.”
“I be certain ye do, regardless of what anyone be a-sayin’. Tis just...ye be a-remindin’ me so much of Iona, the Queen of Maycly. And I had ta watch her go through similar thin’s; it broke me heart.” He sniffled. “I guess I just be an ol’ softy.”
“And that’s a good thing. Your compassion serves you well, Charleo. It’s giving me the last bit of bravery I need to do what I have to do.” Arrowanna removed Charleo’s hat and kissed the top of his head.
“Thank ye. And please dunna be a-gettin’ side-tracked out there. Yer trust in SUL be a sacred thin’, and one that Evil be always a-tryin’ ta steal.”
Arrowanna said, “I promise I’ll be careful and stay focused.” She let loose of Charleo, looked at everyone and said, “Well, this is it. My trust is being put to the test.” She moved back a few steps, her gaze locked on Erland. She wanted to kiss him on the lips, but not in front of everyone, so she gently kissed her hand and blew the kiss toward him. He caught the kiss and pressed it to his lips. She felt her heart flutter.
Arrowanna admired her friends standing in a line holding hands, Meilí on one end, Erland on the other. She turned toward the ledge and heard them shout, “To Arrowanna! Our Carrier!” She could feel a lump building in her throat as she turned to face them one more time. Their hands, still held by one another, were high in the air. She nodded, barely waved, then turned and disappeared farther into the misty rain.
*  *  *
Perplexed at the thickness of the mist, she soon realized a wet cloud had fully encompassed her. Two more steps and all went quiet. Arrowanna could not hear the massive falls. She thought, If only I could see the petrified log glowing through this thick whiteness, it would get me going in the right direction. She strained to look past the frothy mist yet could not see anything but white. Adding to her feeling of defeat so early into the journey, she noticed when she looked down that the wet fog was so thick she could not even see her own feet. Doing her best to find the edge she inched her way deeper into the blinding mist, repeating to herself how much she trusted SUL; she was confident she always had, but she realized she had never needed to trust Him to this degree.
In another five steps she broke through the mist with no warning. The light was blinding. The sound of the falls instantly met her ears. When her eyes adjusted to the brightness, she could see the glowing petrified log straight ahead of her. She looked down to see if she could see the edge, and she shouted with glee, “I’m already out over the canyon! I’m standing in mid-air.” She thought as she looked around, I’ve done it. I’ve put all my trust in SUL, and it’s working! And look how beautiful those falls are. Oh how I wish Erland were here with me to see the rainbows in the mist. I could certainly kiss him here, nobody would see us...well, maybe Parexo, but I don’t see her anywhere. 
She screamed when she felt her stomach charge up into her throat as she dropped several feet. She immediately returned her thoughts to her trust in SUL rather than her feelings for Erland and came to an abrupt halt in the air. She said aloud, “SUL, I’m sorry. I must stay focused on You, and only You. My trust is in You, Grand Wizard.” With those heartfelt words she began to rise. When she rose back to the original height she whispered, “Thank You, Grand Wizard.” 
As she took a harder look she thought, It’s kind of creepy how the only thing I can see is the log glowing. It’s nothing but pitch black behind it. Hmmmm. She felt herself sinking again. She returned to focusing on SUL and, with relief, began to rise. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly, then she stepped toward the soft glow. Soon she had walked far enough across the canyon in the air that she began to make out a lighted shape that seemed to appear then disappear next to the petrified log. The light increased near the log with each trip the bouncing shape made into the air. Arrowanna remained mentally focused on her trust in SUL and visually focused on the figure.
She got closer to the dark edge of the canyon and saw the outline of the figure. She also noticed its small size and brilliant colors. When she got closer she swore she could make out wings as the figure dropped straight down and disappeared with a splash. Arrowanna figured there must be a pool next to the petrified log. The figure leaped from the water, hovered, and squeaked, “Arrowanna! You’re going to make it! Hooray!” The figure flipped and dived back into the water.
The voice sounded familiar. “Wait! Parexo, is that you?” No answer. Arrowanna hurried her last few steps and could not have been happier to feel the ground under her feet, even though it was gooey. She gazed into the pool next to the petrified log. A colorful, glowing aqua fairy met her eyes. The fairy looked up at Arrowanna through the water with her big round eyes then shot into the air. She stopped right in front of Arrowanna, hovered, and said, “You did it!” The aqua fairy clapped her fins. “Do you have the scroll I gave you?”
“I do. It’s right here in my pocket.” Arrowanna felt to make certain. After a closer look at the fairy, Arrowanna exclaimed, “It’s you! You’re the fairy that came to my bedroom window with the scroll. You have a name.”
“It’s me all right. Parexo, at your service!” squeaked the aqua fairy. Arrowanna could see Parexo’s wings, normally hidden, flare out from her sides, and Parexo clapped them behind herself then sped headfirst back into the pool, did a flip under the water, and flew right back out. “But I wasn’t allowed to speak when I was at your window. Do you know how hard that was?” 
That made Arrowanna giggle. She said, “Já, it would’ve been very hard not to say something, especially knowing what you knew.” She reached out with one finger and tickled Parexo on her belly. Arrowanna giggled again when the aqua fairy blushed, radiating a bright reddish pink light. 
“You have no idea how wonderful it is to see a familiar face over here in the dark...and slime.”
Arrowanna picked up her feet and tried to shake off as much of the goo as possible. “It’s a good thing you light up, or I wouldn’t have seen you at all on my way across. You kept me coming across because I wanted to find out what...I mean who...you really are. Thank you Parexo.”
Parexo illuminated, did a loop-d-loop in the air, and squeaked, “And you have no idea how wonderful it is to see you again. It’s a relief knowing you made it all the way across. I’ll bet SUL is so proud of you.”
This time Arrowanna was the one who blushed, and Parexo flew in and tickled her belly. 
Arrowanna chuckled. “Probably, but I need to get the first clue into the scroll and get on with my duty. I don’t want to leave the others on that side of the canyon alone too long.” She pointed toward the far side. “Plus, my brother, Torleik, and little sister, Sidra, are back at the ship with Giddy, a Sprite from Maycly, and I don’t like being all split up.” Arrowanna frowned, dropped her head and finished with, “I hope they’re all right.”
“I’m sure they’ll be fine.”
“I really want to believe you, but...”
“But what?” squeaked Parexo.
Arrowanna’s thoughts did not sound pleasing in her head. She mustered up a positive attitude and said, “But nothing. You’re right. They’ll be fine.” She smiled and pulled the scroll from her pocket. As she unrolled the scroll she caught several pairs of red dots shining behind Parexo, lighting up deep within the darkness. Flummoxed, she rolled the scroll back up and the red dots faded. Hmmm. “It really is dark over here on this side of Planet Water, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it’s really dark. But that’s why SUL sent me here to this little pool. I can remain illuminated and you’ll be able to see just fine, but only right here around us. You have no need to see what’s in the darkness. Trust me. I’ve seen some of it, and it’s nothing you want to have as a memory.”
Arrowanna was curious and asked, “Is there a forest behind you?”
Parexo answered, “Um…you might say that.”
Arrowanna waited for more, but Parexo offered nothing. Arrowanna asked, “Well, are you going to explain yourself, or do I have to guess?”
Parexo fidgeted a bit then spoke. “There’s these big icy mountains.”
Arrowanna still wanted to know more and was getting a bit miffed at Parexo for giving such short answers. “Okay. Big icy mountains. Anything else?”
“Maybe.” Parexo said then dived back into the water and looked up at Arrowanna from the bottom.
Arrowanna motioned for Parexo to come back up, but to no avail. Frustrated, yet determined, Arrowanna continued her coaxing until it eventually brought Parexo back out of the water, but she only stuck her head above the surface. Arrowanna knelt, reached down, took Parexo in her hands, and asked, “What do you mean ‘maybe’? It sounds to me like you’re hiding something. Are you?”
Arrowanna could feel Parexo’s wings trying to unfold. She could tell when Parexo had finally given up trying to escape her grasp. Parexo squeaked, “Okay. Okay. I’ll tell you, but you won’t like it.” Parexo pursed her little lips. Arrowanna’s eyes widened with persistent demand. Parexo continued, “There’s these big icy mountains that have huge dead-tree forests inside of them. It’s very odd. The dead trees ooze some kind of sap.” Arrowanna looked down at her feet, and Parexo continued, “Yeah, that slime you’re standing in is the oozing sap from those trees. It somehow comes out of the bottoms of the icy mountains and turns the ground into that soupy mess.”
Arrowanna, perplexed, stood and said, “But it’s so dark, starting...” She slid her foot into the blackness only to watch it disappear. “...right there. And is it ever cold in the dark!” She felt Parexo start to tremble, and Arrowanna quickly pulled her foot back into Parexo’s light. “So how could you know what’s there unless you came from there? I can’t see anything.”
Arrowanna felt Parexo struggling. She startled when the aqua fairy shout-squeaked, “Let me go! You’re hurting my wings.” Parexo escaped Arrowanna’s grasp and hovered. “I know what’s there because...because...”
Arrowanna could see that Parexo was jittery. She held out her hand and invited Parexo to land. “I won’t hold onto you, I promise,” Arrowanna said.
Parexo started to land then stopped and asked, “Seahorse’s honor?”
Arrowanna held up her other hand and gave her the signal. “Seahorse’s honor.”
“Okay. I’m trusting you.” Parexo landed on her tail fins and balanced perfectly. 
Arrowanna kept her word. She said, “There you go. That’s it. Now tell me how you know the icy mountains are there.”
Arrowanna wanted to cry when she saw the fear in Parexo’s large, shiny, round eyes staring back at her and felt Parexo’s tail fins start to shiver as she continued in a trembling squeak. “I know because something evil snapped me up when I put my head into the dark to see what I could see. It took off running with me in its mouth. I flapped my wings and flipped my tail as hard as I could. I must have struck the thing with a point of my wings, because whatever had me in its mouth spewed me out. The cold air nearly froze my gills and lungs. I could hear the hungry beast chomping at me as I was trying to fly and get my bearings. It was really scary because I kept banging off of the cold, hard, icy cliff walls. Every time I did, my illuminator would go off, allowing me to catch glimpses of the icy mountains and the encased trees. But I flew as fast as I could straight back to here. The only way I knew which direction to fly was a small pinhole of a light. It looked like it was a miniature light on a ginormous black velvet canvas. I hoped that was the right direction, and it was.” 
Arrowanna watched Parexo wipe her forehead. 
Parexo finished, “I never want to go back into the ice cold dark again...EVER!”
“Well the good news is, you shouldn’t have to. So let’s get busy, and we can get out of here. Whadda ya say?” Arrowanna asked.
Parexo squeaked, “Yes! Já!”
Arrowanna lowered Parexo back into the water. “There. You’ll be safe in there while I take care of getting the clues into the scroll.”
Arrowanna pulled the scroll from her pocket once again, and the pairs of red dots reappeared. Uneasy at the sight, she asked inwardly for SUL to protect her while she put the scroll on the petrified log. She did not hear a response from SUL, but she trusted He had heard her plea.
The dim light of the glowing log pulsated. Arrowanna swore she could hear a low, rhythmic sound accompanying the increasing and decreasing light. She turned her back to the red dots. Before she could place the scroll on the glowing log, a deep growl came from the darkness. Arrowanna paused. She turned and saw what looked like the hot breath of a beast coming from the dark. She could barely make out a silhouette lurking very close to the light. She waited for the low growl to come again, but she heard nothing, though she did see what she thought was the creature’s breath seeping from the darkness again. “Who’s there?”
Parexo dived to the bottom of the pool; Arrowanna saw small ripples on the top of the water, and she knew Parexo was shivering. She could not blame the little aquatic wonder for not wanting to be in plain sight. Arrowanna was contemplating whether to take her eyes off the glowing red “eyes” and continue her duty or just leave the scroll and bolt. She spoke as if she were talking to Parexo, “I’ve had enough of this Carrier stuff already. I’m too scared. I wish Erland were here. I need someone strong to protect me.”
“Your wish has been granted.” The deep voice sent Arrowanna into a panic.
“What do you mean my wish has been granted? Erland? Are you there? It doesn’t sound like you.”
Arrowanna watched the steamy breath meet with its deliverer when it stepped from the dark into the light. She felt her skin crawl as her eyes locked onto the sight before her.
“I’m not Erland, but I am strong. I can help you just as you wished,” the stranger said.
Speechless, Arrowanna was riddled with fear at the appearance of the enormous, odd-looking man. She thought, He looks like one of the Draugr who came to my bedroom. In fact he looks like the one who would stand at the foot of my bed and just stare at me.
“Your thoughts are correct, young lady. I am a Draugr of the Abyss. I would recognize you anywhere.” Arrowanna cringed when he licked his cracked, half-there lips. “Your gorgeous golden locks, those deep blue eyes. You are a sight to behold.” The Draugr adjusted his helmet and beat his sword against his shield a couple of times. Arrowanna thought perhaps it was to show his strength. She felt her heart pounding and stepped back as the hideous Draugr began making his way toward her. Sweat built on her brow.
She could hear Parexo squeak-screaming from the pond but could not make out the aqua fairy’s words. Arrowanna froze not knowing what to do. Then GROWLLLL! Though it frightened her, the large bear that lunged from the dark had eyes that reminded her of Erland. She silently tried to convince herself it was not Erland. It can’t be! I know he’s not that bear. The Draugr drew his sword and turned to meet the bear. The bear stood on its hind legs. Arrowanna felt the Draugr would be no match for the bear, yet she could tell he was not willing to give up. She screamed, “Erland! Is that you?”
The raging bear glanced at Arrowanna with its glaring eyes.
“Erland!” she shouted. The bear’s eyes widened. “If that’s you, how did you get over here?” When it looked at her, Arrowanna noticed the bear now seemed to be trying to express don’t blow my cover. She was certain it was Erland and hoped for the best. The red “eyes” in the darkness behind the brawl between the Draugr and the bear were growing in size, as if they were approaching. She shouted, “Erland! Keep that Draugr at bay while I take care of the scroll!”
Arrowanna took a chance. While the bear and the zombie-like Viking continued their fight, Arrowanna turned to the log and quickly laid the scroll on the lighted flat portion. The log began to glow brighter. As difficult as anything had ever been, Arrowanna did not allow her attention to waiver; she stayed glued to the scroll so as not to miss a thing. To Arrowanna the scroll looked as though it was starting to burn. The orange ember color turned to a blinding white. Much to her surprise she saw words burst onto the scroll that read, “The clues are loaded. Run! Run for your life! Keep your trust in Me as you journey back across the canyon in the air. Go! Go now!” 
Arrowanna shouted, “But what about the clues?” 
“Just run.” From those words she knew SUL had—and would—continue to protect her and hoped the clues would be revealed later.
She grabbed the scroll and turned to the pond. She shouted, “Fly to me, Parexo. Fly!” Parexo flew straight up and out of the water and landed on Arrowanna’s shoulder. Arrowanna heard her squeak, “Run!”
Arrowanna wanted to know whether the Draugr or the bear was winning but knew better than to take the time. She felt Parexo grab her hair and hang on. Arrowanna focused her thoughts and ran out over the canyon. She felt as though she were flying as opposed to running. She kept her feet moving as fast as she could, though she felt no surface beneath them.
Her curiosity got the best of her and she made the mistake of looking over her shoulder. The sight struck her as weird. It looked as though the Draugr was hovering above the bear, and she wondered why the red “eyes” of the distance had faded. She began to drop. She screamed and instantly returned her thoughts to trusting SUL. Coming to an abrupt halt, followed by a rapid ascent, she forced herself to run as fast as she could.
The sounds of the wicked duel behind Arrowanna faded as she neared the center of the canyon. She was on an adrenaline high, and she could see the white mist ahead. She wanted nothing more than to reach it. Finally she entered the white mist on the light side. She felt her heart rate slowing a little as she heard the rumbling of the water sliding over the precipice. She entered the extreme silence, and it was comforting to her. She continued running in midair until, much to her liking, she felt the wet, solid—not slimy—ground beneath her feet.
Out of breath yet relieved, Arrowanna was elated to be in the misty rain on the lighted side of the canyon. She broke through the mist, jogged to a stop, and screamed. Parexo squeaked a concern in her ear. What met their eyes was not comforting in any way.
14
Secrets

Arrowanna watched the familiar smoky shadows scurry away from Charleo and Meilí and slither over the edge of the canyon. Their shrill cries were deafening. When the quietness returned, Arrowanna stood in shock with her mouth open.
Meilí shouted, “Help us, Sis! Don’t just stand there. Help us!”
“What are you two doing tied to the tree? What were those shadows doing here? What happened?” Arrowanna rushed toward them as she delivered her questions.
Charleo started, “Yer boyfriend...”
“You mean BEAR-friend,” interrupted Meilí.
Arrowanna stopped abruptly.
“Enough outta ye, Meilí,” snapped Charleo. He continued. “Yer boyfriend left us ta go fight off some of the evil shadows. Problem be, while he was away some of the shadows he wasna fightin’ found us. And here we be.” He hung his head. “I be a-feelin’ like a pansy. I’ve battled some mighty strong and manipulatin’ Evil on Maycly, but ne’er have I seen such wickedness, nor felt so helpless.”
Meilí was struggling hard enough he had started frothing at the mouth. He grunted through his exasperation. “If Erland would have just stayed here, he could have helped us fight off those black, creepy, smoky things. But nei! He had to go fight them elsewhere! I guess he thought that was a better plan?” His agitated struggling made Arrowanna more uneasy.
Parexo squeaked in Arrowanna’s ear, “Arrowanna, you really need to help them.”
Arrowanna blinked several times then clunked herself in the head with the palm of her hand to get her wits about her. No longer in shock, she apologized and pulled a dagger from Meilí’s belt. She cut loose the vines holding Meilí and Charleo to the tree. “Where’s Jit?” she asked.
“He went a-flyin’ up inta the trees. Canna say I so much as be a-blamin’ the little guy.” Charleo hugged Arrowanna. “Tis great ta see that ye be okay, me lady.”
“You too, Charleo.” Arrowanna returned a solid hug. She looked up into the tree to see if she could see Jit. She could not spot him directly, but she knew from all of the sparkles dropping from the leaves of the highest branch that he was nervous and shaking. She asked Parexo to fly up and introduce herself, hoping that would calm Jit’s nerves.
Parexo zoomed upward as Arrowanna and the others watched from the ground. The little aqua fairy carefully parted the leaves, and Jit was revealed. Flying within inches of Jit’s face, Parexo squeaked, “Hi, I’m Parexo. It’s nice to meet you.” She curtsied.
Jit froze. Parexo, who was about three times bigger than Jit, flew backwards a bit. “I’m sorry if I startled you,” she squeaked. “Arrowanna asked me to come to you and see if I could help calm you down a bit. I wasn’t supposed to be scary.” Jit cracked a smile. Parexo asked, “Would you like to come on down now? The coast is clear. All the creepy stuff is gone.”
Jit’s small voice trembled. “But what about Charleo and Meilí? Those awful shadows wrapped them up and tied them to the tree.”
Parexo smiled and said, “Look.” She pulled the leaves back with her fins and pointed with her tail. Arrowanna waved at Jit, and before Parexo could utter another word, Jit was already darting in and out of Charleo’s beard. Parexo flew down and joined the others.
When the laughter dwindled, Charleo spoke with a solemn voice, “Arrowanna, there be somethin’ we need ta be a-tellin’ ye. I dunna think yer gonna be a-takin’ it too well, but ye need ta know just the same.” Charleo took her hand.
“Wait a minute.” Arrowanna looked around. With a hint of nervousness she asked, “Where did you say Erland went?”
“I’m back!” Erland exclaimed from the eastern ridge. He came running toward them. Arrowanna let out a huge sigh of relief and rushed to hug him. Erland continued, “I see our lovely Arrowanna is back with us safe and sound.” He looked at the others. “And it appears you were all okay while I was gone, thanks to Meilí. But let me tell you, it’s a good thing I went to fight off those shadows or...”
Meilí butted in, “Or what? You would’ve helped the smoky creeps tie us to the tree?” He spoke through gritted teeth. “You left us here in a whole lot of danger.” He walked in a tight circle then stopped in front of Erland and yelled as he pointed in Erland’s face, “I can’t believe it. For once I felt really bad for you.”
“Well, that’s comforting,” Erland said in a smug, soft tone.
“Yeah. Sure. Right after you left, we heard what we thought was you falling over the canyon’s edge, screaming all the way down.” The longer Meilí talked, the more his speech increased in volume and speed. “We went running to look over the edge but saw nothing. We hoped you were okay. We searched everywhere and couldn’t find you. Then the smoky shadows grabbed us, dragged us back here, and tied us up. We didn’t stand a chance against them. It was horrible. And to top it off, we thought you were dead!” Meilí burst into tears.
Arrowanna looked at Charleo then turned to Meilí and asked, “And you were going to tell me this when?”
Charleo gave an innocent shrug. 
Meilí blurted, “I don’t know. Soon. Charleo was trying to, but things got all messed up by this freak’s return just now.” Meilí looked at Erland and shouted again, “And what if Arrowanna would’ve been here? She’d have been captured and tied up too...or maybe even worse! She could’ve been taken away or killed, or...”
Erland butted in, “Or what? Eaten by a bear?” Elrand laughed, holding his hands up like bear paws and rushing toward Meilí. “Grrrrrr!”
Meilí waved his hands with a shooing motion. “Stop it!” he shouted. He started to walk away, then he turned and spit toward Erland.
Arrowanna said, “Enough!” She shook her head and said, “Well, I see things haven’t changed between you two. In fact it looks as though they’ve gotten worse. Do I have to make you two hug instead of shake hands?”
Meilí retaliated with, “You wanna try and make us? Go ahead! I may be your younger brother, but I’m ten times stronger than you. You can’t make me hug that beast! What is wrong with you? Why do you like him?” Arrowanna felt as though he were biting her head off with his sharp tone. He stomped the ground when he yelled, “I don’t care if you are my Sister, I hate you!”
Erland shouted, “No one talks to Arrowanna that way!” He started toward Meilí, who was not backing down, but rather standing up to Erland’s challenge.
Arrowanna shouted, “ERLAND! STOP!” At the sound of her voice Erland halted in his tracks. His appearance had begun to change when he headed for Meilí, but it immediately returned to normal when Arrowanna shouted the order. There was little doubt now in her mind that Erland had been the bear fighting the Draugr.
Erland looked at Arrowanna. He took a deep breath and said, “I’m sorry.” He backed down. Arrowanna was full of questions for Erland but did not want to ask until they were alone. But she was not sure when that would be...if ever.
Arrowanna assumed Meilí’s tears were from a combination of embarrassment, anger, and fright. She was relieved to see that Charleo had rushed to his side and was comforting him. She quickly changed the subject. “We need to get back to the ship. I’m sure Torleik, Sidra, and Giddy are all wondering where we’ve been for so long.”
“I couldna agree with ye more.”
“Thank you Charleo.” Arrowanna said.
Jit came riding over on Parexo’s back, and Arrowanna giggled. Perfect timing on Jit and Parexo’s part, she thought. They arrived at exactly the correct moment to lighten the mood. 
Jit said, “I’ve got a new way to lead us through the forest. Whadda ya think?” Parexo did a couple of spins with Jit on her back. Jit continued, “Parexo’s illumination mixed with my sparkles will help us to see the path much better, and we can get back to the ship faster.”
Arrowanna said, “I think it’s perfect. And in case anyone cares, I do have the clues that will lead us to where we’ll find the first piece of the Element.”
“That’s the best news I’ve heard all day!” Erland exclaimed. 
Arrowanna could tell the remark caused Meilí to stew.
“Okay, let’s get going. We’ll lead,” Jit said. Parexo squeaked, and off they all hiked. 
Arrowanna was quick to notice the smoky shadows that had returned, following them as they made their way back to the ship. At one point she was certain she saw red, glowing eyes appear on several of the shadows. She clung to Erland; it made her feel safe. She watched as Meilí’s head constantly turned left and right. Charleo’s attention was on the treetops. 
Erland whispered to Arrowanna, “I’m going to hang back and keep an eye on these shadows. Hopefully I can draw them off course. They seem to be a bit too interested. You go on and I’ll meet up with you at the ship.”
“But we’ll be back to the ship and gone before you get there. I’m sure Meilí will see to that.”
“Hmmm. You’re right.” Erland pondered then whispered. “How about I meet you where the first piece of the Element is supposed to be?”
Arrowanna thought about it then whispered, “I don’t know. I’m not so sure I want to chance messing up SUL’s plan.”
Erland lifted her chin with two fingers. Their eyes met. He looked deep into her eyes and whispered, “If SUL is the Grand Wizard He says He is, then He’ll be more than happy if you allow me to meet you there. He knows I’m only doing my part to keep everyone safe.”
“Seriously?” Arrowanna paused for effect then continued in a whisper, “I don’t think so. I think you’re just trying to get to that piece before me.” She watched Erland’s mouth drop open and his face go red. She laughed out loud and saw the shadows speed ahead of them.
“Shut up back there! Do you want the shadows to come after us again?”
“Sorry Meilí. I’ll keep quiet.” Arrowanna continued in a whisper to Erland who was now giving her a sheepish grin. “Oh my, what a look that is. If you could see yourself in a mirror, you’d be laughing too. I’ve never seen anyone look so pathetic in all my life. I’m only kidding. It’s not a race to me. Well, at least not a race between you and me, but I am on a tight schedule for the sake of Good.” She burst out laughing again, and Erland joined in.
“Please don’t do that!” shout-whispered Meilí.
“Sorry Meilí,” Erland returned a shout-whisper.
Arrowanna waited for Charleo to be distracted once again then whispered in Erland’s ear, “I can’t really tell you where to meet us because the scroll didn’t actually reveal that. Only the ship will know where we’re going next.” She hung her head.
“Hey. That’s all right. I know this entire planet like the back of my hand. I’m sure I can find you one way or another. I’ll never lose sight of you. Trust me.” 
Arrowanna gave him a half-smile. “I guess that’s comforting.” She wiped her nose and kissed him on the cheek. “Now get going. We need all of the protection we can get.” She pushed him away and winked at him. He smiled, gave a quick salute, and took off toward the shadows on the western ridge.
She watched him dash in and out of the trees, trying to stay unnoticed as he went weaving his way closer to the ridge. Though her face did not show it, she was terrified as she watched Erland disappear out of view. Her heart sank.
15
Everyone’s Fine...Thank Goodness

Seior Eik4 came into view through the trees. Arrowanna heard Torleik shouting greetings over and over. She returned joyous replies in unison with Meilí, Charleo, Jit, and Parexo. They arrived at the ship and were met with open arms. For Arrowanna the reunion was spectacular. She made certain to introduce Parexo to Torleik and Sidra. Jit invited Giddy to join him on the back of Parexo. 
“It be like a-watchin’ ’em bronc bust an equinarch back home on Maycly,” Charleo said. He was grinning from ear to ear. Everyone laughed when Parexo dived under the water and came back out. The sounds of Jit and Giddy laughing and whooping it up made it even funnier.
Arrowanna opened her arms wide and called for everyone to join in a group hug. Her joy escalated in the arms of her family and friends. She felt the side of her bunad being jerked. When she looked down she saw Sidra tugging away. “What’s up, little Sis?”
“I need to talk to you real soon, okay?” Sidra’s face was all business.
Arrowanna said, “Sure. How about now?” Sidra nodded her little head. “Then let’s go over to the lean-to and enjoy some sis time, whadda ya say?” Arrowanna was charmed by Sidra’s exaggerated head-bobbing. Arrowanna said to the others, “We’re going to go have some one-on-one sis time.” 
Arrowanna took a seat on the bed of leaves and lifted Sidra onto her lap. She asked, “So what’s been going on with you, Sidra? I can’t wait to tell you about our adventures out in the woods and at the canyon. But I want to hear your stories first.”
Sidra pursed her lips for a brief moment. She took in a big breath and let out a fast sigh. “It’s Torleik.”
“He didn’t leave you and Giddy alone did he? Because if he did, I’ll give him a good talking to."
“Well, he kind of did.”
Arrowanna started to move Sidra from her lap, but Sidra said, “Wait! It’s not what you think!”
Arrowanna stopped and put Sidra back on her lap. “Then what is it?”
“He said we needed more wood for the fire, so me and Giddy came down the wooden walkway to wait for him. But he never showed up. Then we heard this screeching sound up on the boat and saw black smoke. By the time we got back up there, Torleik was laying there not moving. It was real scary.” 
Arrowanna saw tears welling in Sidra’s eyes, but Sidra kept going. “It was weird. We thought with the smoke and all he’d be burned up or something, but he wasn’t.  He was kind of blue and had like bits of ice on him, but they were melting. And his gills were like stuck, but he got them open and gasped. That really scared me and Giddy. And he stinks!”
Arrowanna’s heart skipped a beat. Trying to calm Sidra she asked with a kidding tone, “Are you sure you’re not making this up?” She poked Sidra on the nose. “Look out there at your brothers. Torleik looks normal, and he’s always smelled a little funny. I mean he is a boy you know.” She watched Sidra’s expression of lingering fright when Sidra looked at her brothers. Arrowanna held Sidra tighter and said quietly in her ear, “Think about it, Sidra. Torleik is the strong one. I’m sure if anything came to get him, he fought it off and won.” She could feel her little sister’s palms turning sweaty.
Sidra looked up at Arrowanna and said, “I sure hope so." She laid her head on Arrowanna’s chest and continued. “I mean, with the way he looked when we found him, he didn’t seem like he was okay, but he is...I guess.”
Arrowanna again hugged Sidra and said, “Of course he is. But just for you, I’ll keep a close eye on him.” Arrowanna released her grasp and winked at Sidra who scrunched both of her eyes shut then back open because she had not yet mastered the one-eye wink. This made Arrowanna smile. Sidra did not budge. After a few seconds Arrowanna asked, “Is that all you wanted to talk to me about?”
“Já. Nei. I don’t know how to say this, but I think Torleik is different after that whole thing. I tried to keep asking him what happened, but he just kept saying nothing happened. I asked him about the melting ice, and he acted like he never even saw it. He won’t talk about it, and he’s been kind of mean and snappy at me and Giddy. That’s not like him.”
“You’re right, that’s not like him at all. But my best guess is he was very worried about us, and rightfully so. We were gone quite a while.”
“Yeah, he was worried all right. Before we went down the walkway, he was talking about how you guys should have been back by then.” Sidra looked at her brothers again. “But I guess he’s okay now that you’re back. I think you’re right; he was just worried. But I’d still like to know about the screeching sound and the ice. It was really scary.”
“I can imagine,” Arrowanna said. 
This time Sidra hugged her big sister. “I’m so glad you’re back, Sis. I’m sorry I came along and messed things up.”
Arrowanna’s loving tone put Sidra at ease. “You didn’t mess things up, and I’m really glad you’re here. Whadda ya think about that?”
Sidra sniffled, wiped her nose and said, “That’s nice.” She stood up and took off running to Meilí and Torleik. Torleik caught her in mid run, swung her around a couple of times then gently tossed her over his head. Arrowanna was relieved when Sidra landed back in his arms and giggled her special Sidra giggle.
Arrowanna heard Sidra ask Torleik, “Are you sure you’re you?”
Torleik smiled and answered without missing a beat, “Já. It’s me all right.” He kissed Sidra on the head, set her down, and went back to fake fighting with Meilí. Sidra took off and met up with Jit, Giddy, and Parexo. Arrowanna sat and watched Sidra. She could tell her little friends were holding Sidra’s attention with their sparkles and stories.
Charleo joined Arrowanna in the lean-to. He removed his hat and said, “Well, we made it there and back safe and sound, no thanks ta me.” He patted Arrowanna on the leg.
Arrowanna nodded and said, “We did, didn’t we? And thanks to you I still have Erland...somewhere out there.”
Charleo replied, “That was gonna be me next question. Where be Erland? I was so busy a-watchin’ the shadows I dinna e’en see him disappear. But bein’ yer so calm ‘bout it, I figure there be a good reason he be not here. Be I right?”
Arrowanna nodded and said, “Já, you’re right. He wanted to hang back and make certain the shadows didn’t do anything to hurt us.”
“Then be we a-waitin’ fer him ta get here ’fore we be a-settin’ sail?”
“Nei, I’m hoping he’ll find us at the next stop. And I hope he doesn’t do anything crazy.” Arrowanna tucked one of her stray golden locks of hair behind her ear. “I just know he’s a good guy…bear, whatever…really.”
Charleo smiled and said, “I be certain Erland willna be a-doin’ anythin’ crazy, and I think he’s a good guy…bear…too.”
“Oh, Charleo, thank you. I have so many questions for him about what happened on the dark edge of the canyon. I’m so glad to hear you believe in the goodness of Erland too.” She hugged Charleo again. But from the limp, half-hug she received in return, she thought for sure he was starting to doubt his own statement already. 
It surprised her when he said, “Ye be welcome. But Meilí won’t be a-likin’ it one bit.”
Arrowanna broke into a smile and said to Charleo, “You let me worry about how Meilí is going to handle it.” She took Charleo’s hat from him and put it back on his head. “Come with me. I’ve an announcement to make to everyone.” She took Charleo by the hand and led him to the others.
“If I could have everyone’s attention, please.” Arrowanna waited for silence from all of them. “I have some good news.” This time she waited for the applause to stop. She noticed Meilí looking around.
Meilí shouted out, “Let me guess, the good news is, Erland’s gone! Whoopee! When did we lose him? Did the shadows nab him, just like he let them nab us?”
Arrowanna dropped her shoulders and gave Meilí a dirty look. 
Sidra asked, “Who’s Erland? What shadows?”
Arrowanna was quick to answer Sidra. “I’ll tell you all about Erland in a bit. And forget about the shadows, they’re nothing.” She walked to Meilí, and with a quiet, yet stern voice, spoke softly while pointing her finger in his face. “And don’t get your hopes up, because Erland’s not gone for good.” She dropped her voice to a whisper. “And enough about the shadows for now. I don’t want to frighten Sidra. Get it?”
Meilí raised his hand, formed the signal and whispered back, “I get it. I promise. Seahorse’s honor, I won’t scare Sidra.”
Arrowanna whispered, “Thank you very much. Now stay quiet. I mean it.” She adjusted her bunad—and her attitude—as she returned to her original place before the group. She cleared her throat and went on to say, “And the real good news is, I made it to the petrified log, thanks to Parexo.” Everyone laughed when Parexo took a bow, nearly dumping Jit and Giddy from her back. Arrowanna continued, “I put the scroll on the log. Hopefully I did it right and the clues to the next location where we will find the first piece of the Element have absorbed into the scroll so Seior Eik4 will know where to take us.” She waited for the oohs and ahhs to dwindle. “I’m sure if we all trust SUL, the ship will take us there.”
Charleo smiled big. He said, “Ye’ve passed yer first test. Ye e’en showed no worry ’bout findin’ the island and a-leavin’ that up ta Seior Eik4. Ye be a-trustin’ SUL ta lead ye, and ye be a-knowin’ the magic ship He provided will do the rest. SUL will be so proud.”
Arrowanna realized her expression was far different than her feelings inside. The situation had hit her hard. Even though she had kept her composure, she had felt that old rock hit the pit of her stomach when she thought about Erland. The reality of the fact that she had let him go and hoped he would find them again now seemed like a lost cause at best.  How will he ever find me again? I’m so stupid for letting him go. But then again, if he left without asking any questions, he must have more confidence in the ship than I do. She stared into space. Another thought raced through her mind, Maybe Erland trusts SUL more than I do? Confused and doubting her perception of Erland, she began to cry.
“What be the matter, Arrowanna?” Charleo took her hand in his and looked up at her.
Arrowanna looked back at Charleo, seeing the concern on his face. She wiped her eyes and said, “Nothing important. I guess I just got overwhelmed with the whole situation again. Sorry everyone. Please excuse me, I would like to be alone for a moment.”
Arrowanna left the others and went to the lean-to. It satisfied her that Charleo took charge and began assigning duties to everyone to get the ship loaded and ready to sail. Arrowanna knew Charleo understood the time restraints, and she hoped he also understood her being devastated over the possibility of never seeing Erland again. She felt like she could talk to Charleo, about anything, easier than she could talk to her own parents.
She looked at Meilí. Maybe Meilí’s right. Maybe Erland’s not a good person. What if he’s a watcher for the Draugar from the Abyss? What if Erland really is trying to steal the Element and is only using me to get to it? But yet I know he was the one on the dark edge of the cliff fighting off that Draugr, or so it seemed. And seeing as how he lives here on this half-light/half-dark island, he probably could pass back and forth through that portal of the canyon at will, and most likely has done so many times. And I swear those were Erland’s eyes on that bear. But why didn’t the bear attack me like it tried to do on the light side? What if Erland truly is a berserkr? Meilí is one smart kid. If there’s one thing I know, it’s that he wouldn’t lie to me. She pondered her thoughts then said under her breath, “I knew I should’ve never been The Carrier. I wonder what I’ve done now.” She wiped more tears from her eyes.
“Time ta be a-settin’ sail, me lady!" shouted Charleo from the helm.
“I’m coming!” Arrowanna raced up the gangplank. 
Jit and Giddy pulled the rope, and the plank magically lifted and, as expected, slid under the deck on its own. Charleo gave the command for the mighty ship to sail; Arrowanna felt Seior Eik4 begin to move gracefully like before and was happy to see Sidra safely on deck instead of running to catch the ship. Jit and Giddy had found a large fish bowl below deck and flew it up the stairs to Arrowanna at the helm. She filled the bowl from a canteen and forgot her troubles for a moment as she watched Parexo flip and twirl in the water, illuminating in all kinds of colors.
To calm her worries further, Arrowanna walked to Sidra and picked her up so she could see over the railing without standing on her tip-toes. Arrowanna lost herself in the moment. She became mesmerized as they passed the floating islands moving toward the sun. She took in the freshness of the salty air and sighed with contentment. Her thoughts took her to the happy things she had heard about Maycly. Finally, she felt at peace.
16
Hide and Seek

Dripping sweat stung Erland’s eyes. The scarce air supply caused him to take shallow breaths, and he wanted nothing more than to see Arrowanna. He tried to change his position a tad, but being so cramped up he had no room for adjustments. He had been in a terrible hurry, but he had taken enough time to situate himself so it was possible to watch through a small opening between two slats. He held his breath when he saw a shadow approaching the stairs. Please be her, please be her, please be her. When he saw the shoes coming down the stairs his eyes widened. He let out his breath, then he breathed as if in slow motion. He took in a breath and held it. Arrowanna came into full view. He saw her long golden locks, wispy in the updraft on the stairs. Her blue eyes have never been more beautiful.
Erland watched her every move from the trunk where he had stowed away on the tall ship. It seemed to him as though Arrowanna glided across the floor effortlessly to her bunk perched next to a small round window. She propped up some pillows, sat down, and stared into the distance. Erland wished he could read her mind. Then she began to talk softly. The creaking of the wood from the rocking of the ship, along with the sounds of the hull crashing through the waves beneath it, made it difficult for him to pick out every word she was saying, but he heard enough to know she was telling SUL about him. Erland could not contain himself any longer. “Arrowanna,” he called out. He saw her stiffen and look around the room. “Arrowanna,” he called out again. She looked at the stairs.
Erland watched as she gingerly got up and checked all around the lower deck. She stopped in the middle of the room. She stared in the direction of the trunk and whispered his name. Then she asked aloud, “Erland? Is that really you? Are you really here on the ship somewhere?” She ran her fingers through her hair. “Or have I just gone mad from missing you so much?”
Erland said, “You’ve not gone mad. I’m here. I’m in the trunk before you.” He felt the air stir as she rushed to the trunk. “Don’t open it!” he shouted in a whisper. “I don’t want anyone to know, other than you, that I’m here. It will cause nothing but problems, especially if Meilí discovers I’m on this ship.”
“But how will we ever get you to shore without being seen?”
“Leave that to me.”
 “Why are you here? How did you get here?”
“Don’t worry about the how, but the why is very important. I’m here to warn you about the Draugar. They are planning on sabotaging you and the others when you arrive at the next location. Give me the scroll and I’ll go get the Element when we land. That way you can stay here with Meilí and keep the others safe.”
Arrowanna asked, “How do the Draugar know where we’re going? I don’t even know that.”
“Is everything all right down there?” Torleik’s shout resounded from the top of the stairs.
Arrowanna walked to the bottom of the stairs and said, “Yeah. I’m fine. Just talking to myself...and SUL. I’ve got a lot on my mind, you know, being The Carrier and all. I’ll be okay. Get back to what you were doing.”
Torleik gave a nod and gestured a clumsy salute. He said, in a funny tone, “Aye-aye, captain.”
That made Arrowanna giggle. After he was out of sight, she sped back to the trunk and asked Erland, “Why can’t I open the chest for only a few minutes? I just want to see you and know you’re all right.”
“Because you just can’t. You mustn’t. We can’t take a chance on anyone seeing me on this ship.”
“Fine. Then get back to answering my question of how the Draugar know where we’ll be next.” She received nothing but silence from the trunk. She repeated, “Hellooo…how do the Draugar know where we’ll be next?” Again she waited.
Erland said nothing.
Arrowanna could not stand it any longer. She released the buckle on the left, then the one on the right, and flung the chest open. Erland was not there. She gasped with a sinking heart. She dropped to her knees and stared deep inside. She ran her hand along the bottom and found it as solid as the lid. The shock caused her to hesitate. Then she closed the lid as quietly as she could. When she snapped the second latch her eyes met Torleik standing behind the trunk. She immediately snapped, “What are you doing down here?”
“I came to invite you to come back to the deck and enjoy the view.”
Trying not to appear as startled on the outside as on the inside, Arrowanna said, “Fine. I’ll do that.”
Bothered by the whole situation, she bolted up the stairs and dashed from the bow to the stern. Erland was nowhere to be seen on deck. She watched Torleik make his way to the helm. Once he was standing beside Charleo, she raced to the railing at mid-ship. She had not noticed how close she had come to knocking Sidra over and was now standing on Sidra’s foot.
“Ouch! What’re you doing, Sis?”
Arrowanna jumped. She looked down and took a couple of steps back. “Oh! Sorry Sidra. Uh, I...I guess I was dreaming. Yeah. That’s it. I must have been dreaming and thought you had fallen overboard. It really scared me. I’m so glad you’re okay.” She hugged Sidra, then she turned and walked to the farthest point on the bow.
Arrowanna stared at the horizon through the mist of the breaking waves. The drenching spray did not faze her. Lost in thought and wondering what had just happened, she felt the ship make a sweeping turn, then speed up. A fluorescent landscape appeared. “I see the island I think we’re heading for!” she shouted, her eyes roaming. She murmured under her breath, “But not Erland.”
17
The Island of Petals

The tall ship began slowing and making its way to the shoreline of the bright and colorful island Arrowanna had spotted. She had never before seen such colors carpeting an island’s sandy surface. She saw a beautifully decorated welcome sign that read, “The Island of Petals.” Arrowanna wished her parents were there to enjoy the view with her.
Stalling, making a conscious effort to appear normal while still looking for Erland on the ship before she disembarked, Arrowanna said, “I must admit, being The Carrier is surely an experience of a lifetime. I’m seeing things and visiting places I had no idea existed! But on the flip side, it sure is odd not to see anyone anywhere. The empty houses look so sad to me. I wish I could find the people and help them...especially if they’ve been taken into the Abyss by the Draugar.” Arrowanna shivered at her own words.
“We can’t do that!" Torleik pressed. Arrowanna did not like his tone. She thought, I see what Sidra was saying about Torleik being mean and snappy. I wish I could get him to talk about it, but he won’t. He needs to lighten up. That icy incident while we were gone must have really affected him. Maybe taking him instead of Meilí with me this time will do him some good.
Charleo stepped up and said, “Yer brother be right. As much as we wanna be a-findin’ the captives, findin’ the pieces of the Element, puttin’ it tagether, and a-gettin’ it ta its respectful place—on time—has ta be a-remainin’ our first priority.”
“I know Charleo. I just want to help my people.”
“And ye will. By performin’ the duties of The Carrier, ye’ll be a-settin’ ’em free ’fore ye know it. Ye must stay focused on yer duty. It be e’er so important.”
Whining, Arrowanna replied, “Oh, Charleo, I’m no Carrier. I’m nothing but a failure.”
Charleo took Arrowanna’s arm and said, “Ye be a-listenin’ ta me now. Me and Jit and Giddy wouldna come all the way from Maycly ta protect and help a failure. We came ta be a-helpin’ The Carrier, and that be ye.” Charleo huffed. “That whole bit ’bout bein’ a failure be nothin’ but a steamin’ pile of towdie dip.” Arrowanna saw Charleo blush. His tone made a drastic change. “I be sorry. That wasna very nice of me. Let’s just be a-callin’ it ’nonsense’ instead. What be ye a-sayin’?”
Arrowanna laughed. “I have no idea what towdie dip actually is, but I can guess. And yes, I agree, ‘nonsense’ is a much better word.” 
Charleo’s expression changed to one more serious than usual. 
Arrowanna added, “And I promise I won’t call myself a failure anymore.” She gave Charleo the seahorse’s honor sign. He smiled. 
“That’s the spirit, Arrowanna!” Jit shouted when he and Giddy came popping out of Charleo’s beard. They raced to dance around Arrowanna’s head a couple of times then flew off and untied the ropes to allow the gangplank to reach the sand.
“After ye, me lady.” Charleo removed his hat and took a deep bow. Arrowanna laughed when Meilí inadvertently knocked Charleo’s hat from his hand as he went running by, being chased by Torleik, and of course Sidra behind them, racing down the gangplank. Charleo sighed, picked up his hat, dusted it off, and said, “Shall we be a-tryin’ this one more time?” He bowed as before. “After ye, me lady.”
Arrowanna thanked him. She took a couple of steps then stopped to make sure Charleo was okay. She watched him put his hat back on his head, but not without getting it on backwards, which seemed to upset him, and that made her laugh yet again. When he tried to explain himself, his seriousness made her—and now the Sprites—laugh even harder.
“Hey! What’s going on up there?” Meilí shouted.
“It be nothin’! Go on ’bout yer business. Arrowanna and I be a-comin’.” Charleo gave Arrowanna a nudge, and she ran down the plank, racing with Jit and Giddy. Their sparkles caused her to slow down enough that she lost the race. Remembering Charleo’s last trip—well, roll—down the plank, Arrowanna stepped away from the bottom of it as quickly as she could. She was glad to see Charleo walking down this time.
When Charleo reached the sandy shore Arrowanna wasted no time. She said, “Okay. Everyone please gather ’round. I want to dish out the duties for this stop.” She waited to make sure she had everyone’s attention. “This time I’m taking Torleik with me. Meilí, I want you to stay behind with Sidra and Giddy to keep an eye on the ship. Charleo, you and Jit will join me and Torleik.” Arrowanna was happy when no one argued with her plan. Her confidence was building. 
Meilí and Sidra took off and began to create a small camp on the shoreline. 
Giddy’s sparkles caught Arrowanna’s eye when he sped for the crow’s nest. “The coast is clear!” Giddy shouted. “This island looks to be all in the light; no darkness or frightening canyons that I can see!”
“Thank you, Giddy!” Arrowanna shouted. She made a hands-on check to make certain Meilí had his two large swords and other small weapons. She gave him unwavering instructions to keep a close eye on Sidra. Meilí appeared to have no problem with his older sister’s demands; that, too, boosted her confidence a little more.
Arrowanna uncurled the scroll. She was taken back when the magic scroll revealed a map. She called for everyone to come back and look. She pointed to an object on the scroll. “It appears that the Element, in its entirety, is a rare Rainbow Trachyphyllia coral, a beautiful coral of many colors.” She pointed to a set of words that appeared on the left third of the scroll and exclaimed, “These must be the clues.” She pointed yet again to a different place on the map and said, “And this extra bright bunch of Giant Purple Lotus Flowers has to be where the first piece of the Element lies. This is just the best!”   
Everyone agreed.
Though Arrowanna was thrilled, she thought it odd that the note from SUL that had appeared on the scroll—the one that had told her to run—had vanished, but she soon forgot about it when the others all started talking at once. She continued to study the drawing of the piece of coral she had to find on this island, as well as the magic drawing of the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers. She hoped that she would be able to find the first piece of the Element and return to the ship without any interruptions. With renewed confidence she said, “With what happened at our last stop, I would venture to say we’ve been through the worst of it.”
“Let’s hope you’re right, Sis.” Meilí’s voice cracked with every other word.
Arrowanna gave Sidra specific instructions to take care of Parexo and Giddy, and she smiled big when she heard the aqua fairy squeak a tiny “Yippee!” from her bowl.
“Are we ready?” Arrowanna asked.
“Ready as we’ll ever be,” Torleik said.
Arrowanna, Torleik, Charleo, and Jit waved their good-byes as they began their trek through the most colorful and aromatic terrain Arrowanna had ever encountered. 
About half an hour had passed. Arrowanna, frustrated, pulled the scroll from her pocket in hopes of finding something she had missed. She shouted, “Now that’s more like it!”
“What’s more like it?” Torleik asked.
“The piece of coral must be near here. The scroll started glowing when we entered this patch of Lotus Flowers." Excited at finding the flower patch without any trouble she said, “Well done guys! Now to find the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers.”
They walked in the knee-deep patch of white blooms. Arrowanna found it interesting that the farther they journeyed into the patch of lotus flowers, the taller the flowers were. And the taller they were, the more purple the blossoms became. She marveled at how they appeared to be floating on their lily pads without being in the water. When she reached the tallest patch of flowers she exclaimed, “The scroll just got even brighter! These must be the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers we’re looking for.”
She stopped, and the scroll dimmed. “Or not.” She listened carefully for any word from SUL; His inward voice confirmed they were right where they needed to be. Elated, Arrowanna shared the news.
Charleo said, “If it be all the same ta ye, I’ll be a-stayin’ on the outer edge, ye know, in the shorter flowers where I can be a-seein’ anythin’ a-comin or a-goin’.”
“And I’ll watch from the other side of the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers.” Torleik traipsed onward.
Arrowanna wanted to make sure Torleik’s emotions stayed on an even keel. She waded through the flowers to him. She privately thanked Torleik for doing a great job and mentioned how much she appreciated having the “strong brother” with her instead of the “smart” one this time. She hugged him. Pleased with the results, she pushed her way back through the chest-high flowers. She heard Torleik shout in a humorous tone, “That’s what I’m here for…brute strength!”
“Perfect,” Arrowanna shouted in return. She turned toward Charleo and asked, “Jit. Would you come with me?”
“Absolutely!” The Sprite shot out of Charleo’s beard and stopped himself in the nick of time to avoid slamming into Arrowanna’s face. She saw him blush before he turned to lead the way.
Arrowanna looked around as she plowed through the petals. But even with the colorful, awe-striking view that encompassed her, Arrowanna felt her insides crawl. As difficult as it was, she did not let her disappointment show that Erland had not made it. The depressing image of Erland’s absence did, however, lead her to her next thought, which gave her goose bumps. Erland said the Draugar would know where to find us. But I don’t see any Draugar, and I hope they haven’t done anything to Erland. She smirked to herself when she thought, Even if he is a big, gnarly, dangerous bear. She shook her head, falsely convincing herself yet again when she thought, Meilí and his stories; someday he’ll grow out of them.
Finally her thoughts of Erland faded when she looked across the rolling patches of flowers and marveled at the distant cliffs lined with as much color as the sandy ground. It calmed her even more to know that, through the large shade trees dotted here and there, she could still see the tall ship, even as far away as they were.
“Jit, would you be so kind as to take a trip underneath the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers to see if you can find the piece of coral?”
“I’d be more than happy to, Arrowanna.” With that he dived beneath the fifteen-inch star-like petals.
Arrowanna smiled when she saw Jit’s sparkles light up the underside of the flowers as he moved along. It also comforted her to see that Charleo and Torleik had moved into position with their backs turned to her, Charleo keeping an eye on the ship and Torleik an eye on the opposite horizon, watching for any signs of trouble.
“I found it!” Jit shot out of the flowers up ahead. “It’s right below me.” He darted up, down, and from side to side. He pointed, “Right down here.”
Ready to look for the coral, Arrowanna hesitated. “I’ll be right there, Jit.” When Arrowanna reached Jit, he backed up a little. She could hear his wings buzzing as he hovered. The sound reminded her of the aqua-hummers at the bird feeders back home. She tried to separate the flowers for a better look. Discouraged, she said, “Jit. Do you think you could fly the piece of coral up to me? I can’t seem to part the flowers enough to find it without getting down on the ground. It’s like there’s more than one layer of the thick petals.”
“I would, but...it’s too heavy for one Sprite. And besides, I think it would be best if you take it from its place, you being The Carrier and all. Don’t you?”
Arrowanna’s face scrunched. “Já, I suppose you’re right.” Her hand disappeared into the petals as she reached toward the ground. “I just can’t feel anything but petals. I’ll have to get down on my hands and knees. And...well...I don’t want to be under there any longer than I have to be. I like keeping an eye on Torleik and Charleo and the ship.”
“Hmmm,” Jit flew to her, perched on her shoulder, and said, “With everything you went through on the last stop, I can understand your fear of ducking out of sight. But I’m certain SUL will protect you, and I know He’d want you to be the one who brings the piece of coral up out of the flowers. How about if I dive back in there, then fly straight up, exactly from where it is, then you can follow my sparkles down to it?”
Arrowanna hesitated, still watching for Erland. She knew time was of the essence and felt torn between her choices of ducking below the flowers where Erland could not see her if he did show up, and making sure the piece of the Element would be in the right hands. She inhaled a deep breath and said, “I think that sounds good. It’s worth a try because..." she slid her foot across the dirt, continually bumping into the flowers’ bulky stems, which were the size of small tree trunks “...I’m not feeling it at all.” She sighed.
Jit dived beneath the petals.
Arrowanna was glad to see Jit break the floral surface as quickly as he did. She chuckled as he shook his little booty just so, causing his sparkles to drop straight down. 
“Okay. Try directly below me,” Jit said. “Straight down there.” He pointed in mid-shake.
Arrowanna waded through the purple star-like petals outlined in deep turquoise. The sunshine, bouncing off the intense yellow centers of the flowers, caused her to squint, and she noticed honeybees congregating. They were about five times the size of the bees back on her home island. She watched them gather around the same lotus flower Jit had pointed toward, and she assumed they were attracted to Jit’s sparkles. She hoped the bees had been sent by SUL to protect her, and not by the Draugar to harm her. When she reached the flower she let out a sigh. The giant bees parted and allowed her to pass. She moved to the spot where Jit’s sparkles were dropping. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, then completely disappeared under the petals. From beneath the enlarged flowers came an excited shout of joy from Arrowanna, “I’ve got it! I’ve got it!” Her own shouting startled her. She thought, I need to keep quiet so I don’t attract the Draugar.
“Hooray!” Charleo shouted. “Hooray!” 
Arrowanna cringed at his voice level.
“That’s great Sis!" Torleik yelled. “Bring it here! Let me see it. I want to hold it!” Again, Arrowanna cringed at the volume level.
She ignored Charleo’s and Torleik’s remarks in hopes they would get the hint to quiet down. She made certain she had a good grasp on the piece of coral. Just before she raised her head above the petals, something caught her eye. She shout-whispered, “Hang on guys.” Jit dived to meet her, and together they watched in awe as the ground beneath Arrowanna’s feet began to glow a soft turquoise. Shiny ripples appeared and caused the color to expand until it covered the ground beneath all of the Giant Purple Lotus Flowers. As the turquoise touched the flowers’ chunky stems, the stems illuminated in sparkling greens and browns from the bottom up. The serene view reminded Arrowanna of the water just off the sandbar near her house. She said softly to Jit, “I need to figure out how to get the next clues we need, and I think the illuminating ground and stems may have something to do with it. You go on and quietly tell Torleik and Charleo what I’m up to. I’ll be up in a minute.”
Jit’s sparkles faded and trailed off above her. She rested on her knees. Then she noticed the Giant Purple Lotus Flower stems swaying, as if waves were gently rolling by. She realized her hair and clothing were doing the same. It’s like I’m under water, but I’m not using my gills to breath. And I’m completely dry. This is incredible. It’s so peaceful. She caught herself singing softly along with the stems that were now emitting soft music. The soft chorus of the song brought back pleasant memories. She remembered how her parents used to sing that same maritime melody to her when she was Sidra’s age. She lay the coral piece in front of her. She intended to take the scroll from her pocket, but something happened before she could do so.
She filled with terror when a hand took hold of her shoulder. She had temporarily forgotten about the Draugar until the hair popped straight up on her arms and she froze; she was too frightened to turn around, but her wits were about her, and within a fraction of a second she slid her hand to her belt and pulled out the dagger. She knew it would not come close to dropping a Draugr, but she had hopes it would at least slow it down. She gulped. Readying herself to face the mysterious creature, she paused for a mere fraction of a second.
The hand clenched her shoulder a bit tighter. The warm breath she sensed skulking past her ear put her even more on edge. She felt her golden locks being pulled to the side and heard the creature inhale close to her ear. She assumed it had leaned down to sniff her scent, just as they had done during the night back home. Trembling, she thought, I’m on my own. Where are Torleik and Charleo? Why didn’t they warn me? Why didn’t Jit warn me? Where’s Erland? Oh, please be Erland. She did not like the thumping feeling in her chest. She squeezed her fingers even tighter around the dagger. Silent, racing questions invaded what was left of her clear thinking. Should I reach back without looking and hope I stab the thing in the leg, or should I jump to my feet and start swinging? I’ll jump to my feet; maybe that’ll knock it down and I can run. But if I injure it, I could run faster than it...maybe. Oh, what do I do? Where are Charleo and Torleik? Better yet, where’s Erland? 
She now heard her heartbeat pounding deeply in her ears. I’ve got to do something. A Draugr could eat me in one gulp. Again the grasp on her shoulder tightened. She reasoned in silence, I’m going with jump and swing. That’s what Torleik would do, I’m sure, and he’s an awesome warrior. I can be just as strong as he is if I put my mind to it. I know I can do this. Okay, okay. Here I go. I’m jumping on three. One...two..."
A soft voice whispered in her ear. “Arrowanna, please do not be afraid. My name is Tillandsia. I am the Keeper of the Petals. I have been summoned by SUL to deliver the next set of clues and instructions into the scroll.”
Arrowanna relaxed when she recognized SUL’s inward voice assuring her it was safe to face the stranger. Without rising to her feet, she twisted to look over her shoulder. Her eyes met with Tillandsia’s. Pleasantly surprised, Arrowanna exclaimed, “Why, you’re only two feet tall!” Tillandsia’s gentle smile and fully spread wings delivered an added dose of peace to Arrowanna. “Your wings...they’re beautiful; the swirling, shimmering hues. And your hair…it perfectly compliments your fancy gown. You are amazingly beautiful.” Arrowanna thought she saw Tillandsia’s rosy cheeks blush a little brighter red. Arrowanna said, “Now, let’s start from the beginning. You already know my name—I’m guessing because SUL summoned you to come to me—and you said your name is Tillandsia?”
“That is correct.”
“Well, it’s certainly fitting, and in a very gorgeous way. Your deep red bromeliad crown reminds me of the Tillandsias that line our pathway back home.” 
Tillandsia giggled, and her soft voice sounded like wind chimes. 
Arrowanna continued, “And you said SUL made you Keeper of the Petals?”
“Yes. It is a wonderful honor to be such. My favorite job is making sure all the sweet smells are continually at their proper levels.” Tillandsia reached, pulled a petal to her, blew her breath on it then shined it with her sleeve.
Arrowanna exclaimed, “Tell me more about being Keeper of the Petals. Please? I would love to hear everything there is to know about your job. It sounds...” Arrowanna inhaled, “…and smells marvelous!”
Tillandsia continued, “It is. And I’d love to tell you about my job, but now is not the time. Now is the time to make certain you receive the next clues and instructions. SUL summoned me to carry the clues to this place, the clues that are to be absorbed into the scroll while it is beneath the petals. He said my sign would be when only one Purple Lotus Flower in my grotto began to sing. I became ever so excited when it began singing only minutes ago. And then, POOF! Just like that I showed up here beside you. And may I compliment you on being so beautiful? Your eyes remind me of the sparkling periwinkles on the side of the cliff just over there.”
Arrowanna smiled at Tillandsia. She paused to soak in the sight of her then said, “Oh, Tillandsia, to think I’ve been fighting being The Carrier all along. If I had not accepted the duty, I would never have been graced by your presence.”
Tillandsia smiled warmly. “I appreciate the compliment, but we must keep you focused on your duty as The Carrier and not on the benefits the title brings with it.” Tillandsia winked at Arrowanna then said, “Do you have the scroll?”
Arrowanna closed her gaping mouth and answered, “Yes. Yes I do. It’s right here in my pocket.” She reached in, pulled out the scroll, and handed it to Tillandsia.
“Oh no. No. No.” Tillandsia pushed it away. “I do not need to hold the scroll. In fact, I need you to open it and place it flat on the piece of coral, please.”
Arrowanna did as Tillandsia asked without question. When Arrowanna felt the coral piece “glue” the scroll to its outer crust, she let go. What happened next would never have entered Arrowanna’s thoughts.
18
Clues, Instructions, and a Surprise

Arrowanna watched as Tillandsia approached the scroll, now adhered to the piece of brilliant coral. Tillandsia clasped her hands together and opened them, then she repeated the motion. The second time she opened her hands, Arrowanna saw in Tillandisa’s hands a sphere of shimmering particles in every color of the rainbow. Arrowanna focused on the tiny portions that Tillandsia began dropping onto the scroll. When each drop of particles landed, the magical glittery blob would swirl into words that Arrowanna did not recognize. The last bit of particles Tillandsia dropped formed into the picture of the next piece of coral. When the scroll’s clues were complete Tillandsia said, “My work here is done.” And at that she vanished, leaving a few sparkling petals floating to the ground. 
“But Tillandsia! You can’t leave.” Arrowanna scanned the thick stems, now dimming along with the turquoise ripples, but saw Tillandsia’s shimmering glow nowhere. Feeling abandoned, she did not want to go on. She wanted to give up, find Erland, and “live happily ever after.” But she felt something change magically inside her; it was a warmth that brought peace, and she silently thanked SUL for fanning her Carrier coals yet one more time.
Arrowanna stared at the scroll, hoping it would show the next destination. She ran her finger along a dimly illuminated line until it faded. She said in a near whisper, “I sure wish this scroll would show me which island we’re going to next, but I suppose that’s the tall ship’s job.” The scroll magically “un-glued” itself from the piece of coral. She put the scroll in her pocket and felt something grab her finger. She jerked her hand out, whipping the object from her fingertip, and saw sparkles burst in every direction as whatever it was struck the closest stem.
She waited for the sparkles to dwindle. Then she realized what it was and said, “Jit! I’m so sorry. What were you doing in there? When did you come back? You shouldn’t be hiding in there!”
He clunked his fist against his noggin and said, “I kinda know that now.” He shook his head to clear the sparkles from his eyes. “I came back after telling Charleo and Torleik what was going on. I thought I’d sneak into your pocket, so in case of any danger, I could speed out and alert the others. But I didn’t want to bother you. You seemed pretty engrossed with Tillandsia when I got here. It appeared that what you were doing was safe, and I didn’t want to interrupt.”
With a melted heart, Arrowanna said, “Oh, you would never have interrupted us. And I’m sure Tillandsia would have loved to have met you. The two of you are alike in some ways.”
Jit chuckled. He stood and shook his head then took to the air. The crooked line of sparkles that followed him as he flew indicated to Arrowanna that he had taken a hard hit. He headed back toward her, and she felt worse when she heard his wings operating a bit sporadically. 
He made a clumsy landing on her shoulder and said, “I’ll be fine. I’ve taken harder knocks than that. But you already know that, I think.” Arrowanna frowned when his wings buzzed in an odd way again. He added, “You know, the whole thing with Tarnnin and all?” 
Arrowanna shook her head. 
“That’s okay. It was long ago, and there’s no need to dwell on the past.” Jit winked, buzzed his wings, and continued. “And not to worry, I’ll get my wings back in sync.” He leaped from Arrowanna’s shoulder and did a loop-d-loop, though Arrowanna had to catch him before he hit the ground. He said, “But it may take a little longer than I thought it would.”
“Oh Jit, I’m so sorry. It seems everything I do ends up wrong. I know Charleo said I wasn’t a failure, but apparently I chased Tillandsia off, and now I’ve hurt you.” She put her head in her hands and cried.
“Don’t do that. Please don’t be sad. I hated when Queen Iona cried because she was sad, and it’s no better when you cry.” He put his tiny hands under her chin and pushed. “Now chin up!” he shouted. He buzzed his still un-synced wings as hard as he could to help push Arrowanna’s chin up. He gave a Sprite-sized grunt then backed up and looked at her.
“It’s no use Jit. Ever since I found out I’m The Carrier, my self-confidence has disappeared. I had a ton of self-confidence when our house was invisible and all I had to do was play with Sidra and Meilí and Torleik. And now I can’t find any self-confidence that sticks. And look at me. I’m the ugliest girl on the planet. I hate my blond hair. I’m sick of my blue eyes. Apparently they’re just not pretty enough.”
Jit flew to her face, removed his do-rag, and dried her tears. He said, “If you ask me, I don’t think your down-talk and lack of self-confidence have anything to do with being The Carrier.” He wiped another tear from her cheek. “I think it all has to do with Erland not being here. I saw you looking in every direction as we journeyed to the flowers. And I know exactly why you didn’t want to duck out of sight.” He hovered and waited, but she offered no response. “All of this is about Erland. Am I right?”
Arrowanna sighed hard, accidentally blowing Jit backward just a tad, then said a forced, “Maybe.”
“Maybe?” Jit folded his arms and cocked his head. “C’mon. You think the reason Erland isn’t coming back to you is because you’re ugly, stupid, and a failure. Am I right?”
“Oh Jit. Is it that obvious?”
“Yes, it’s that obvious.”
She cried even harder then. 
Jit thought about what he had said. “Wait a minute. I mean, your reasoning is that obvious, not that you aren’t beautiful, smart, and anything but a failure.” He sighed. “I’ve been around teenagers for hundreds of years on Maycly. Teenagers are teenagers no matter where you are. I’m convinced of that. And do you want to know my take on the Erland matter?”
Arrowanna hiccupped the words through her sobbing, “I don’t know, do I?”
Jit said, “I think you do.” He put his do-rag back on his head, marched back and forth through the air making exaggerated gestures while his wings buzzed now and then. He went on to say, “I believe if Erland truly loves you he’ll be back to find you—somewhere, sometime, some way. And if he truly is keeping the shadows and the Draugar of the Abyss away from us, don’t you think it’s best he stays out there doing that? And if that’s so, the fact that he’s willing to stay out there to protect us shows how much he loves you and your family and friends.”
Arrowanna looked away and said, “But what about him being a berserkr like Meilí says he is?” 
Jit stopped marching and hovered. “So what if he is?” He smiled when Arrowanna turned to look at him. He continued, “Let me tell you a little secret of mine.” He landed on a sprig near Arrowanna’s face, sat down, crossed his legs, and remained there as he talked. “I loved my friend Tarnnin with all my heart before SUL transformed him into FAZ, Fwathé Argonin Zelstoy, which means ’fire-breathing  destroyer’ in SUL’s secret language. And I found that, in my heart, I still loved him somehow, even once he became FAZ.” Jit glanced up through the giant petals. Arrowanna assumed he was thinking, but then she saw a tear when he added, “I guess maybe it’s because I was there from the beginning.” 
Jit removed his do-rag and blew his tiny nose on a corner of it. Arrowanna was glad he was no longer wiping her tears with it. “Yes, FAZ was pure Evil. But even watching the long drawn-out process of Tarnnin digressing into FAZ—as he turned his back on all that was Good—it did not stop me from loving him like a true friend. He had been such a good friend, I considered him family, like I do Charleo. It was unbelievably difficult for me the day SUL cast Tarnnin, well FAZ, down and used him to destroy Earth. It’s even harder now when I look down from Maycly and see Earth smoldering and bubbling with hot lava, because I know FAZ is being tormented every waking minute. For you see, he is the eternal fuel to that fiery sphere which serves as SUL’s reminder to all that Good is always the right choice to make. To this day, I have never shed so many tears, along with my best friend Giddy, over anything as I have for Tarnnin’s—I mean FAZ’s—fate. And with as much as I still love FAZ, I can’t even imagine how SUL felt having to cast down His own creation into a fiery eternity for the sake of Good.” Jit broke into half a smile and sighed then continued, “Tarnnin, before he was FAZ, was the last etherealian SUL created, and He made Tarnnin a notch above all other etherealians.” Jit’s smile went full on.
Arrowanna, charmed at Jit’s exaggerated movements, smiled as he continued.
“Giddy and I were the first two Sprites to ‘pop’ into existence, and we were assigned by SUL as Tarnnin’s chief Sprites.” Jit looked at Arrowanna and noticed his tears were not the only ones falling. He finished with, “I think when true love is at stake, anything is possible. It may not always present the outcome you like or want, but an outcome for true love’s sake will always bring about the best for the sake of Good. And that’s what we’re all about, right? About Good?”
Arrowanna paused a long time then nodded before she spoke, “You know, for such a tiny little Sprite, you have the biggest heart I’ve ever encountered. And yes, we’re all about the sake of Good for our Grand Wizard.”
Arrowanna held out her hand, and Jit flew over and landed in her palm. She wiped his teeny tears with his do-rag, wrung it out, handed it back to him, and said, “I’m sorry. I’m being selfish. I’ve just never been out in the ‘real’ world and experienced a love like I have for Erland, a love I hope he has for me. It’s all new to me, and I don’t know what to do with the feelings I have inside. It’s kind of weird, and kind of cool all at the same time.”
Jit said, “You may not know what to do with those feelings now, but you will as time passes. And if you ever have questions, try asking SUL inwardly. I guarantee He’ll give you the best answer.” Jit gave her a seahorse’s honor symbol, and that made her smile. She nodded a few more times. Jit placed the soggy do-rag back on his head and said, “Now whadda ya say we get this coral up and out of here and back to the ship. You ready?”
Arrowanna wiped her nose one last time. She said, “Thank you Jit.” She saw him blush.
“You’re welcome.” Jit buzzed his wings almost perfectly.
Arrowanna giggled then said, “Okay then. I’m ready. Let’s go!”
Arrowanna and Jit sprang from the flowers, happy to see that Charleo and Torleik were still on duty. Arrowanna made a beeline for Charleo, knowing Torleik could easily catch up. She followed Jit’s sparkles, now in a straight line, and could hear Torleik crunching through the flowers behind her. She could not wait to show off the first piece of the Element to all of them. She found herself in the middle of a group hug, sneezing from Jit’s sparkles, which she assumed he was purposefully dropping on her nose when she saw him wiggling his booty side to side above her.
“To the ship?” Arrowanna asked.
“To the ship!” the others resounded.
*  *  *
Arrowanna waved in relief when she saw Meilí and Giddy. She laughed when she saw Sidra running to greet her big sister with Parexo’s bowl in her hands, water slopping everywhere. Arrowanna found it funnier when she realized Sidra had not even noticed Parexo hovering in the air just above the bowl. She figured the poor little aqua fairy did not want to get sloshed around.
Arrowanna scooped up Sidra and the bowl (Parexo flew up on her own) and hugged Sidra ever so tightly. “It’s so great to see you Sis!” She kissed her little sister on the forehead then set her down. She reached out and gave Parexo a pat on the head.
Meilí slammed into Arrowanna with open arms and shouted, “Back together again.”
Arrowanna shouted with joy as Meilí swung her around and set her down. She said, “I didn’t know you were that strong. Look at you go!” Meilí grinned and squeezed his biceps.
Arrowanna gathered everyone around and said, “I’ve got the first piece of the Element.” Everyone cheered. She held it up for all to see. During the ooh’s and ahh’s Torleik made a running dive to try and take the piece of coral from her. But Arrowanna made a quicker move than Torleik, and he did a face-plant in the sand. Everyone laughed, except Torleik. Arrowanna knew his pride had been hurt worse than his face. She waited for him to brush himself off then said, “And the scroll holds more clues. So let’s set sail as soon as we can.”
Everyone began to do their chores to make ready for the next leg of their journey. Arrowanna looked at Jit out of the corner of her eye and nodded to say a silent thank you. Her heart warmed when Jit removed his do-rag and bowed in response as if to say, “The pleasure was all mine.” Arrowanna could not hold back the smile that graced her lips.
19
The Island of Opposites

Arrowanna delighted in the fact that Seior Eik4 sailed with ease. She took Sidra to the bow, and together they enjoyed the spray as the ship gently rocked back and forth through the waves. The Sprites and Parexo played in the rainbows that lingered. Charleo held steady at the helm, and Meilí spent the entire journey making Torleik teach him useful moves with the +Ulfberh+t5 sword.
The tall ship began to follow behind several jumping dolphins. It seemed to Arrowanna as if the dolphins were leading the way to the next island. Without warning, Seior Eik’s4 wheel whirred on its own. Arrowanna and the others screamed as they slid and landed together in a pile against the starboard railing.
Charleo shook his head in what looked like disgust and said, “Now that be one sharp turn. Wouldna ye all agree?” Everyone nodded. Jit, Giddy, and Parexo flew over, laughing hysterically. Charleo chimed in, “Dunna ye three need ta be a-tendin’ ta somethin’?” This not only made Jit, Giddy, and Parexo laugh harder, but now Arrowanna and her siblings were howling.
Jit said, “Yeah, but it’s a lot funnier here. And it’s getting funnier by the minute.” Jit held his sides and caught his breath before he could speak again, “Because you’re getting so serious. Oh how I wish Artie and Keegan were here to have seen you rolling like a cannonball across the deck!”
Charleo frowned and said, “Well just ye ne’er mind ’bout them.” His eyes narrowed when he shouted, “What if we all had a-gotten hurt? Who’d be a-laughin’ then?” Charleo straightened his admiral’s coat and scowled at the Sprites. The laughter went out of control. 
Meilí said, “It’s a magic ship. We’re not gonna get hurt on it. I’m sure SUL’s watching out for us.” Meilí looked at Arrowanna and said, “Isn’t He, Sis?” 
Arrowanna nodded.
The laughter finally subsided. Arrowanna, first on her feet, helped the others up. She ran to the bow to look for the dolphins. 
“There’s our next stop! Come see!” Arrowanna shouted as she pointed straight off the bow. Everyone came running. She pointed again. “The ship has been following these dolphins for what seems like hours. They must have made a sudden turn, and apparently so did the ship!” All laughed, except Charleo. Arrowanna elbowed Charleo in the side and said, “C’mon, lighten up. We’re all okay. That was funny.” She gave him a little poke on the nose and said, “And you know it.”
Charleo still did not laugh.
Jit and Giddy flew to Charleo. Jit shouted, “Hey guys. Watch this. We’ll get him to laugh.” Jit and Giddy dived into Charleo’s beard.
Charleo said, “Dunna ye dare, ye two li’l trouble makers!” He tried to grab them, but they were already buried in his bushy facial hair. 
Arrowanna started laughing at the faces Charleo made while running his fingers through his beard in an attempt to find the Sprites. The next thing she saw was Charleo beginning to laugh uncontrollably. Jit and Giddy flew out of his beard, took a bow, and headed straight to Arrowanna. In unison they said, “Charleo’s ticklish under the chin!”
“Really? Hmmm.” Arrowanna looked at her siblings with a smug expression. She was certain they all knew what she was thinking; they had seen that look before, so she and her siblings headed toward Charleo. He took off running—well, waddling—at full speed, but the kids were much faster. They tackled him and began tickling him until he could not breathe. The laughter served as good medicine after the many trials they had faced.
*  *  *
The ship stopped as usual, and the passengers built their temporary camp on shore. Arrowanna brought out the scroll so all could take a look. They waited and watched until the clue appeared and showed them the way to where they needed to be on the island. Last to light up was the drawing of the second piece of coral. Arrowanna’s expression dropped. She said, “Hopefully this will get easier as we go along, huh?” She watched everyone smile halfheartedly. She, too, knew there could be dangers anywhere at any moment. She wanted her family and friends to feel at ease but felt that might soon change when she saw some palm fronds wiggle behind her friends. Before she could alert the crew a voice blurted from the thick palms. 
“You’re not welcome here!”
Meilí spun and drew his sword. Arrowanna quickly put the scroll back in her pocket. Charleo grabbed Sidra and pushed her behind him as he stepped in front of Arrowanna. Parexo dived into her bowl, and Jit and Giddy flew straight up, nearly out of sight, to see if they could find the source of the voice.
Everyone stood as if paralyzed, staring into the lush foliage before them. Arrowanna wished harder than ever that Erland was there to protect them all. Arrowanna saw the fronds rustle again. No one moved. Jit and Giddy’s sparkles dwindled. A low, moist, growl gurgled from their right. Torleik spun around and took several steps in the direction of the growling.
“Are you crazy?” shout-whispered Meilí. “Get back here. It could be Erland as the bear!” 
Torleik ignored Meilí’s words.
Arrowanna gasped when Torleik let loose a warrior-like cry and dived into the underbrush from where the growl had come.
The voice shouted again, “You’re not welcome here! You must leave!” Arrowanna jerked her head toward the voice. The growling increased. Arrowanna did not know which way to look. Everything seemed to be happening so fast. She grabbed one of Meilí’s swords and took off into the brush toward Torleik.
Meilí, swinging his sword, leaped toward the unfriendly voice, followed by Jit and Giddy.
“Be a-gettin’ back here! All of ye!” Charleo shouted, to no avail. He grabbed Sidra and Parexo’s bowl and took off for the ship. Once on board he handed Parexo’s bowl to Sidra and ordered her below deck for safety. He raced to climb to the crow’s nest in hopes of getting a better look. He saw nothing, but what he heard made him tremble. The deep growling and low gurgling turned into what sounded like an enraged panther. Charleo whirled his telescope in the opposite direction when the shout came yet again, “You are NOT welcome here!” Back and forth Charleo’s brass eyepiece cut through the air.
Torleik and Arrowanna were first to appear. Arrowanna shouted up to Charleo, “It’s a squirrel monkey!” Charleo zoomed in for a better look. He could not believe what he heard coming from such a tiny animal. The little fellow, putting up quite a fuss and sounding more like a tiger than a monkey, escaped Torleik’s grasp and leaped to Torleik’s shoulder, where it remained a bit quieter. Arrowanna could see that Charleo had become confused by the sounds that did not match the sights.
Meilí, Jit, and Giddy popped out of the thick palm fronds, shouting and waving to get everyone’s attention. Charleo took a closer look at them and saw another person with them. He asked loudly, “Who be with ye?”
Arrowanna watched Charleo wiggle and bounce down the knotted rope-net ladder from the crow’s nest. Not long after, he arrived at the camp on the beach, Sidra and Parexo trailing behind him.
Charleo got there just in time to hear Meilí say, “This is Trygve. He’s the one who’s been shouting at us from the underbrush. SUL placed him on this island to assist us.”
Trygve was an extremely tall man, stout, burly, and rugged. But his warm smile made Arrowanna feel that, in spite of his extreme size, he might be a gentle giant. Though still hesitant of her feelings she looked at Meilí, then at Trygve, then back at Meilí and said, “But didn’t this guy yell at us something about not being welcome here?”
“Já, he did. It took some doing, and a lot of help from Trygve, to figure things out. But me and the Sprites did it.” Meilí beat his chest with his fist. 
With a hint of sarcasm Arrowanna asked, “What ‘things’ did you figure out?” She folded her arms and tapped her toes.
“Well, first he told us to walk one direction, and he went another. I asked him which way. He pointed in the direction we were going but seemed to be getting really frustrated. He started pulling the few hairs above his ears and everything. We decided to just go in the direction he was going. And it was a good thing! He stopped, pointed at something, and kept saying, ‘The Carrier’s not here. The Carrier’s not here.’ But we kept telling him, ‘The Carrier is here.’” Meilí grinned. “Did you happen to see the name of this island on the map?”
“Of course I didn’t. You know it never tells me where we’re going. Seior Eik4 just takes us there. We only find out when we get there.”
“Exactly,” said Meilí. “And none of us saw the sign either until Trygve pointed at it.” Meilí went running, then he halted and chopped at the vines blocking everyone’s view “Trygve led us to this sign, then everything made sense.”
Arrowanna looked at it and read aloud, “The Island of Opposites?” Her face scrunched. “What does that mean?”
Meilí chimed in, “It means we’re supposed to be here. We are welcome here. We realized we needed to do the opposite of what Trygve was asking.”
“Well, how did he find out I’m The Carrier? I suppose you blabbed it thinking you could trust this big guy?” Arrowanna rolled her eyes and continued in a huff. “For Maycly’s sake, you just met him!” Arrowanna felt a bit embarrassed when she saw Trygve hang his head.
Meilí started pitching a hissy fit. “There you go, playing big sister. ‘Oh, I’m The Carrier, but don’t tell anyone.’ But you can tell Erland. How does that work?”
Charleo did the fatherly thing and butted in. “Now both of ye, be a-pipin’ down. No more of this towdie dip...uh, nonsense.” He turned to Trygve and said, “Sorry fer the confusion there. I be Charleo, the admiral of this magic tall ship.” He gestured toward Seior Eik4 then put his hand out for a handshake. Trygve’s huge hand swallowed Charleo’s entire arm.
Trygve said, “And it’s NO pleasure of mine to meet you and your team.” He turned and said, “Especially you, Arrowanna.” He bowed with grace and fell flat on his face in the sand, his landing making quite a thump. He had passed out cold.
“Okay, this is awkward. Now what?” Torleik threw his hands in the air. Trygve remained motionless. Torleik added, “Well that’s just great. How do we know what’s opposite and what’s not?”
Trygve came to. He spit the sand from his mouth, and as he stood, the others began to back up. His low, Norse tone sounded desperate as he begged, “No, wait. Please. I AM happy to meet all of you. It’s okay now.” Arrowanna became a bit nervous from the glare of his eyes. He continued, “I’m telling you the truth.” He pleaded with his hands. “SUL put a spell on me for protection of the Element. It was a spell to cause me to talk in opposites in case someone else arrived at the island who was not Arrowanna, The Carrier. I was requested to test anyone who set foot on the island.” He hung his head and said softer, “I guess I’m naturally too friendly, and SUL knew I’d most likely make a mistake and lead the wrong person to the next piece of the Element if He didn’t do something about it.” Trygve raised his head and looked back at Arrowanna.
Arrowanna squinted, giving Trygve the once over. “Wait a minute. If this is the Island of Opposites, then that means you’re NOT happy to meet me at all, and SUL didn’t put that spell on you. You’re just after the Element! RUN!” Arrowanna turned to flee.
Meilí caught her by one arm and spun her around. “I don’t think that’s quite it. Are you not listening to him? I think there’s a bit more to the story. Am I right Trygve?”
When Trygve nodded, a few bits of dirt let loose his beard. He said, “Yes, you are, Meilí. You see, SUL assured me that the spell of speaking in opposites would be broken and I would fall as though dead, only for a short while, once Arrowanna, the real Carrier, was directly in my presence. You may rest assured I am sincerely happy to meet all of you and will be honored to lead you to the next piece of the Element.” Arrowanna flinched when she realized he was coming toward her with open arms.
Everyone, even Trygve, jumped when the squirrel monkey let out a lion-sized growl right in Torleik’s ear.
“What about him? He still sounds like some kind of rabid beast!” Meilí blurted.
Torleik wiggled his finger in his ear in what Arrowanna thought was an attempt to stop the ringing.
Trygve said, “Uh, sorry. I forgot to tell you that SUL broke the spell when I fell. SUL wanted to design it to be extremely difficult for any imposters to get a piece of the Element in their hands. That is why I’m here to help you. Arrowanna, I’m at your service. It really is a pleasure to meet you.” He bowed again.
Arrowanna and the others held their breath until he rose back upright. She took a good look in his eyes when he gave her a genuine warm smile. She hesitated for only a moment more, but long enough to hear SUL’s inward voice, then she curtsied and said, “The pleasure’s all mine. Now how about that hug?” She held out her arms and the next thing she felt was the breath rush from her lungs when Trygve wrapped his massive arms around her. Without a doubt she knew right then she had made a new friend.
The squirrel monkey growled; Torleik winced. Arrowanna laughed. Torleik said, “Well it’s obvious this little pest is stuck in ‘opposite’ mode.” 
Trygve said, “I remember something about SUL not having enough magic to break the spell on everything, and you’re right. It appears that the monkey is still operating as an opposite.”
Torleik rolled his eyes and sighed. “Oh, that’s great.” He took the monkey by the tail and handed it to Arrowanna. “Here, you can have him ride on your shoulder and roar in your ear whenever he feels like it.”
“Fine. He probably just doesn’t like you.” Arrowanna grinned and said, “I’ll bet I know how to treat a roaring monkey; just like one who’s not stuck in ‘opposite’ mode. Come on little fellow.” She let him climb onto her shoulder. “How about I name you Skapraun? That’s old Norse for ‘annoyance.’ Whadda ya think Sidra?” Sidra peeked her head out from behind Charleo and nodded.
“I think it’s very fitting,” Torleik grumbled.
Arrowanna chuckled when she heard Skapraun begin to purr in her ear. “Now let’s get back to the scroll and find out where we’re supposed to locate the next piece of the Element,” Arrowanna said.  She pulled the scroll from her pocket and laid it open on a large, nearby rock. Her eyes widened as the clues began to appear.
20
Is There Such a Thing as a Good Viking?

The scroll did a beautiful job of revealing the general vicinity of the Element’s next piece. A small path appeared on the scroll as the magic ink carved across the paper in a crooked line from their camp to the edge of a forest then stopped. The shape of the coral piece came into view in the top left corner of the map. Its colors illuminated and sparkled on the scroll.
Arrowanna circled the forest with her finger on the scroll and said, “Looks like that’s the area we need to be in for the next piece. I’m certain the map will give us more exact clues as we get closer, just like it did back on the Island of Petals.”
“So let’s get going. What are we waiting for?” Trygve asked with a broad smile beaming across his face.
Arrowanna said, “I hope this map isn’t in ‘opposite’ mode.” She looked to Trygve for confirmation and did not like that Trygve merely shrugged his shoulders in response. She went on to say, “A couple of us usually stay behind at the ship while the others go and look for the Element. So who’s going with me this time?”
“Me!” Sidra shouted.
“Me too!” Parexo squeaked.
“How about neither of you?” Arrowanna could not fathom taking those two with her. All she could think about was the fact that she could be exposing Sidra to a Draugr. And she could just hear Parexo squeak-singing all the way there and back, giving them away. “I know I want Trygve with me for sure. And one of those swords, Meilí.”
Meilí said, “How ‘bout I come with both of my swords this time. Torleik got to go the last time. Come on Sis, please?”
Arrowanna wanted everyone to be able to come along, but she knew they should not. She thought for a bit then said, “How about me, Trygve, Jit and Giddy?”
Jit flew in and said, “I don’t think Giddy and I should be together. We need a Sprite at the ship as well as with you.”
Giddy buzzed over and said, “I’ll go this time, Jit. You stay here with Sidra and Parexo and the twins.”
“You mean you’re not taking either of us?” Torleik sounded flabbergasted.
“Fine, I’ll take both of you! SUL knows I could use both brains and brawn on this trip.”
Charleo added, “Sounds good ta me. I’ll be happy ta be a-stayin’ here with Sidra and Parexo and Jit. We’ll be a-havin’ ourselves a fun time. Maybe I can be a-helpin’ Sidra find seashells and the like.”
Arrowanna, elated that Sidra was already looking for shells, said, “That’s a great plan. So it’s up to me, Meilí, Torleik, Trygve, and Giddy to get this next piece.” She sighed. She wanted to be done with this so she could look for Erland. She jumped when Skapraun let out a vicious sounding roar. “Oh, and I’ll leave Skapraun here with you Charleo.” At those words the little monkey threw a tantrum. Arrowanna felt her hair being pulled and tugged. She said, “Okay. Okay, I won’t leave you here. You can come with me.” Skapraun began to purr immediately. “Geesh!”
Meilí spoke up, “Besides, who knows, we maybe could use a lion’s roar if something dangerous, like Draugar, comes our way.” When Meilí said the word Draugar, Skapraun went into a frenzy. He sprang and landed on Torleik’s face. But before Torleik had the chance to swat him off, Skapraun launched again causing Torleik to slap himself in the face. Skapraun leaped from person to person, from shoulder to shoulder, growling, roaring, and snarling. Arrowanna chased after him, trying to catch him so she could calm him down. She tried to head him off, but he landed on Charleo’s admiral hat. Arrowanna rushed to grab the monkey, but Charleo had already jumped and jerked enough to cause Skapraun to move on. The monkey made a mad dash for the rock where the scroll had been. Arrowanna nabbed him there. She cuddled him like a baby, or at least tried; Skapraun fought her all the way. Finally she said to Skapraun, “There, there. You don’t need to fear the Draugar.” 
Skapraun roared and struggled. 
“Shh, shh. None of us are them. They are long gone from here. Shh, shh.” She stroked his soft head. She could see the fear in his dark, round eyes. She felt him shivering. “It’s OK little fellow.” She rocked him gently. She felt his breathing begin to slow down. She spoke softly to the little monkey. “We’re going to be okay. You’ll be fine. I’ve got you now. Nothing, no one, can harm you. Besides, we’ve got Meilí and Torleik and Trygve with us. We have Giddy to help us, too. No need to fear. Shh, shh.”
Arrowanna asked Trygve, “What happened here? Why does the ‘D’ word send him into such a state? Poor little thing.” She looked down and saw Skapraun sound asleep, sucking his thumb.
“It’s a long story. But to make the long story short, there was a day when many wonderful gilled people, such as yourself, inhabited this island. Skapraun roamed about freely and played with the children. They had become accustomed to his growling and roaring. When the Drau...”
“Ah ah ah! Don’t say it,” Arrowanna whispered and pointed to Skapraun.
“Oh, right. When the...bad guys...came and captured the inhabitants, they took Skapraun’s playmates. Skapraun heard everyone around him screaming the ‘D’ word over and over. My guess is he learned to associate the ‘D’ word with all things evil. I watched the entire thing from a hole in the ground.” He put his hand to the corner of his mouth and whispered, “I knew that SUL hid me to use me for a day such as this.” He winked at Arrowanna and continued. “I watched Skapraun run as fast as he could. I had no idea he ducked into my dwelling. But later, much later, after the raid, I heard a low growl, and went to look. Sure enough, I found Skapraun in my weathered trunk where I keep my old Viking attire.”
Meilí could not help but blurt, “You were a Viking? But you’re not a Drau…I mean walking-dead zombie.” Meilí approached Trygve and squeezed his forearm. “See, you’re real live flesh and bone.” He looked up into Trygve’s eyes and said, “And you’re nice. What gives?”
Trygve took in a lengthy breath and let it out slowly before he spoke. “A long, very long, time ago, yes, I was a Viking. But there came a time, a time when I had my battle axe raised, ready to chop a baby girl’s skull in two.” Arrowanna saw Trygve begin to weep. He went on, “I looked into that little girl’s eyes. They stared back at me with something I had never experienced. I found out later it was love, and I realized I didn’t want to do all of those brutal things some of the Vikings did to people. Many of them stole from people, killed women and children, and hacked priests into bits, all for no reason other than greed.”
“How did you escape? Didn’t the Vikings hunt you down? I mean, they sound like a group of warriors who would never accept the fact that a Viking was no longer interested in being a Viking.” Meilí’s words had prompted more tears from Trygve.
Trygve said, “You’re right in your thinking, Meilí. I was shunned from the brutal side of the Viking community. I knew what they were going to do to me if I hung around, so I ran.”
Arrowanna asked, “Where did you run to?”
“I ran everywhere trying to get away, but something inside assured me I was not running from, but running to.”
“I don’t understand,” said Meilí.
“I wasn’t sure what that meant either. But I found a family who took me in and kept me hidden. They taught me about SUL, and I then understood. I found out that it was SUL…that ‘something inside.’ He said if I’d run to Him I would be safe, so I did. Then after a while I didn’t want to burden that family any longer, or put them in any more danger, so I physically began to run again. I ran for years, and luckily I died a peaceful death before the Vikings found me.”
“So how did you get here? How did you end up on Planet Water?” Meilí asked.
“I ended up here when SUL destroyed Earth. I was brought back to life like the D..., I mean the bad guys, when SUL chunked off the piece of Earth He used to form Planet Water. When everything was said and done, I found myself in the underwater caves. As I lay there, I heard them coming through the icy hallways. When I saw them, I realized I had landed in the Abyss, and what I had been hearing were the D..., sorry, bad guys of the Abyss. I’m certain SUL didn’t mean for that to happen. I know how terrible the end of Earth was, so I’ve never held a grudge against Him. I was always humbled at the fact that He accepted me as one who trusted Him in the end. It was like He forgave me for all the terrible things I had done on Earth thousands of years ago.” Trygve proceeded to explain how he had escaped from the Abyss and how well SUL had guided him, and had led him to the Island of Opposites. He finished with, “The little monkey and I have been friends for a long time, waiting for The Carrier. I never thought about giving him a name.” He looked at Skapraun in Arrowanna’s arms and said, “I’m glad you did.”
Arrowanna smiled at Trygve.
Meilí said, “Trygve. Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.”
Meilí pulled an +Ulfbehr+t5 from its sheath. “You wouldn’t happen to know what these are, would you?”
Trygve’s eyes widened. He slowly reached out. “May I?” 
Meilí nodded and handed him the sword. Arrowanna watched the expression on Trygve’s face as it went from shock to delight. 
Trygve barely whispered, “Yes, I know what this is. It’s mine. Where did you find it?”
Taken back a bit, Arrowanna stepped in for her brother, “He didn’t steal it. It was on our ship.” She pulled the other one from Meilí’s sheath. “Along with this one.” She handed Trygve the other sword.
Trygve beamed. “And that one is my brother’s, but I’ve not seen him for many years. He remained with the Vikings I left.” Arrowanna could see Trygve holding back a few tears. He continued, “Well I’ll be. That’s where SUL hid them. On your ship.”
Arrowanna looked at Meilí and spoke quickly, “I told you SUL put them there.” 
“Yeah, but you didn’t mean it that way. You were just telling me that to shut me up.” Meilí gave a solid nod, and Arrowanna could tell he was gloating.
“Maybe.” Arrowanna returned the same style of nod to her younger brother.
Trygve said, “SUL told me these swords would come to me once I found the Carrier. I didn’t want to believe Him because He had already told me that I would not speak in opposites, and I felt that was enough of a gift. I’m ashamed I ever doubted His promise of the swords.” Trygve could not stop his eyes from overflowing this time.
Arrowanna motioned for Jit and Giddy to wipe his tears.
Trygve said to Meilí, “As much as I long to carry mine and my brother’s swords again, I would be honored if you would carry them for me.”
Meilí’s eyes lit up. “You mean it? Really? I can carry BOTH of them?”
Trygve nodded and gave a gentle smile. “Really, both of them.” He placed the swords back in Meilí’s sheaths then patted him on the head. “But if I have need of them while we’re together, you suppose I could borrow one of them?”
Arrowanna thought Meilí’s head was going to snap off from bobbing so fast. “Now let’s get back to the scroll and get busy,” Arrowanna said.
21
West is the New East

Arrowanna and the others leaned in for a closer look at the scroll’s most recently absorbed markings. “Hey, this wasn’t here before.” She pointed at the upper right corner of the map. “What does that mean, ‘West is the New East’?” she asked.
Trygve looked, shook his head and murmured, “Oh no. It’s just what Arrowanna feared. The map is in opposite mode.” He stared at it some more. “But not all of it. It looks as though North and South are fine, but East and West are opposite. How will we ever keep this straight?” 
Meilí added, “It’s okay. I’ve got an idea. Just turn the scroll over to let the light shine through. If we read through the back of the scroll everything will make sense.”
Arrowanna set Skapraun down on the ground and did what Meilí had suggested; nothing shown through the heavy parchment. She held it up against the brightness of the sun, and still the light did not penetrate the thick paper. Her shoulders drooped and she said, “Now what do we do?”
Arrowanna saw Charleo close his eyes. His lips moved in silence, but she could not make out what he was saying. A very bright light began to descend. When it stopped, a large being with wings of gold stood beside them. 
“What is that really sweet smell?” Sidra asked. 
In a daze Arrowanna whispered her answer, “Shhhh. I don’t know, Sidra.” 
Arrowanna froze at the being’s massive size that overshadowed Trygve with ease. She heard Charleo say to the nine-foot-tall being, “Carbreyghal, be I ever glad ta see ye! And the smell of cotton candy your wings produces ne’er disappoints.” 
When Arrowanna looked at Carbreyghal’s face, she was awestruck. She felt peace come over her, a peace she had never felt before. She could not stop staring at the decorative butterfly over his eye; it sparkled and gently fluttered. She felt at ease at the sound of his voice when he said, “As am I glad to see you, my dear Charleo. But I’ve no time to waste. SUL summoned me to come to you. He is honored you thought to call for me. He is elated you remembered it was I who explained the map when you were recruiting back on Maycly, and now you have called for my help once again. He is pleased with your wisdom. For that you shall be rewarded. May I have the scroll please?”
Arrowanna watched as Charleo handed Carbreyghal the thick paper. Carbreyghal rolled up the scroll and lifted it above his head. He spoke in a language Arrowanna did not recognize. As the words escaped Carbreyghal’s lips, they entered the scroll on one side, but did not escape out of the other. Carbreyghal returned the scroll to Charleo and said, “Your scroll will now lead you to your destination without sending you in an opposite direction. West was East, but now the map reads correctly. Follow the lighted path that appears on the scroll and you will find the elemental piece.”
Charleo asked Carbreyghal to let him look into his eyes. Carbreyghal bent down and Arrowanna read Charleo’s lips as he mouthed the words, “Will Arrowanna be a-makin’ it ta the castle on time?” After a few seconds Carbreyghal reached out and put his large hand gently on Charleo’s cheek. Arrowanna heard Carbreyghal whisper, “If you are looking for the answer to your question, you will not find it here. For only when you are on Maycly can you see what you dream of in my eyes.”
As Carbreyghal ascended, the wind from his enormous wings blew Arrowanna’s hair, and the aroma of fresh cotton candy increased. She stared as the giant being flapped his golden appendages slowly and gracefully, then he disappeared into the sky, along with the sweet smell. Stunned, Arrowanna asked, “Who...what...was that?”
Charleo smiled and said, “That was Carbreyghal. He be the chief etherealian on Maycly.”
Arrowanna looked at Jit. She pondered the previous conversation she and Jit had had beneath the petals not long ago. She could not believe she had just been in the presence of a real etherealian from Maycly, let alone SUL’s chief etherealian. Before she could say another word Jit nodded and, in a somber tone, said, “Yes. He took Tarnnin’s place. Tarnnin was once like Carbreyghal...and a notch above, at that.”
Arrowanna rushed to the shoreline, raised her hands and looked to the sky. She did not know what she was reaching for. She assumed she wanted Carbreyghal to come back but found herself thinking about Earth, now charred and smoldering, and Jit and Giddy’s friend, Tarnnin, who had been changed to FAZ. She dropped her hands to her sides and said, “Oh Tarnnin, why?” She fell to her knees and wept.
Jit and Giddy flew to her and wiped her tears. Jit proceeded to tell Giddy he had explained about Tarnnin to her earlier. Giddy flew to Arrowanna’s ear and said softly, “We understand. We do the same thing at times.” Arrowanna sensed the compassion in his tiny voice.
She rubbed her eyes then felt a small hand on her shoulder and turned to see Charleo smiling down at her. He said, “Carbreyghal be somethin’ very special. He and I be a-goin’ way back. We’ve got quite a history—a very intriguin’ history it be, too. I’ll be a-sharin’ it with ye someday. But fer now ye must be a-goin’ ta find that second piece. Ye’ll have plenty of time ta be with Carbreyghal on Maycly when the day comes.” Arrowanna marveled that Charleo knew what she was thinking and wondered how that could be, as she was not even sure. 
Without question Arrowanna took the scroll from Charleo. When the path began to illuminate, Trygve beamed. He jutted his big finger toward the map and ran it down the lighted path to the edge of the woods. This time the lighted path carried on into the forest. He said, “Now that looks more like it!” Trygve’s finger followed along as it took a sharp left, then a right, then climbed a mountainside. It stopped just before the peak and began to pulsate.
“That must be where it is!” Arrowanna exclaimed. “Trygve, can you take us there?”
“You bet I can!” He gave a triumphal grunt and beat his chest. When he saw the others’ expressions he apologized and said, “Must be the old Viking spirit in me.” Everyone laughed.
Arrowanna told Sidra to behave and not to give Charleo and Jit any trouble. Sidra’s miniature head-bob made Arrowanna smile. Arrowanna reiterated the fact that there could be Draugar anywhere, but used the term “bad guys” so as not to set off Skapraun. She made sure the campfire was going strong, and she checked to make sure Charleo had a weapon. Then she called for Giddy, Trygve, and her brothers to lead the way.
 22
An Enchanted Mountain

Arrowanna beamed when Trygve picked her up and placed her on his broad shoulders. She had not had a ride like that since Devario had done so during her early childhood days. She held the map and gave directions as they traipsed through the thick carpet of ferns and caladiums. Happy that Skapraun did not weigh any more than he did, Arrowanna let him ride on her back. She chuckled at Meilí’s mannerisms in response to Giddy’s never-ending chattering. She found it odd that Torleik seemed to be making a concerted effort to keep a wide distance between himself and Trygve.
They neared the base of the mountain, and Arrowanna startled when Trygve made an abrupt stop and held up his hand in the halt position. Before she could ask why they were stopping, he put his finger to his lips and released a keen “Sh!” She felt Giddy dive into her hair and could sense his every trembling move as he burrowed deeper. Skapraun wasted no time digging his claws into her back. She sat up straighter when Meilí crept between Trygve’s legs with both swords drawn. She lost her balance just a tad when Trygve reached down and stopped Meilí. She held on when Trygve leaned back with his nose in the air. She could hear him sniffing, and from his gruff noises, assumed he smelled danger.
Torleik broke the silence. “Oh, for Maycly’s sake! What are we stopped for?” He stumbled forward when Arrowanna shoved her foot into the back of his head. 
“Shut. Up!” she shout-whispered.
“Fine! I’ll go and see what this is all about.” He took off running.
“I’m coming with you,” Meilí said and ran after Torleik.
“Nei, you’re not!” Torleik pushed Meilí to the ground with one hand and bolted onward. But Meilí was quick to get back on his feet and follow his brother.
“Nei! Get back here!” Arrowanna shouted.  
Trygve grunted a bit louder and pointed to the right. Arrowanna looked into the trees but saw nothing except Torleik and Meilí disappearing into the thick forest. Trygve grunted again and inhaled another big sniff.
“What is it? What do you see...smell?” Arrowanna asked.
“I’m not certain. It is a very different scent. Not like any I’ve encountered.”
“Does that mean it’s not Draugar?” She gasped and immediately scolded herself for uttering that word.
“CHEEEEEEEEE—ROAR!” Skapraun went off like a firecracker. Arrowanna felt her hair tangling into a mess on top of her head as Skapraun jumped and bellowed. Giddy came flying out, grabbed one of her golden locks, and hung on for dear life. Arrowanna screamed. She began ducking Trygve’s slow and steady swings. Teetering on Trygve’s shoulders, fearing for her life, she screamed again.
“Hold still Arrowanna!” Trygve shouted. “I’m trying to grab Skapraun and calm him down.”
Arrowanna closed her eyes, tightened her grip on Trygve, and waited until she felt Skapraun being snatched from her head. She could hear Trygve saying to the monkey, “It’s fine, little fella. You’re going to be okay. Miss Arrowanna is sorry she said the ‘D’ word. And I promise you she won’t bring it up again.” He tilted his head back, Arrowanna clutching his hair so as not to fall off backwards. He finished, “Isn’t that right?"”
Arrowanna nodded and replied, “Yes. That’s right. No more talk about the Drau..." she caught herself and said, “No more talk about them.” She could hear Skapraun starting to purr as Trygve cuddled him in his muscular arms. Arrowanna called to the little monkey, and slowly he climbed up Trygve’s chest and shoulder and returned to her back; she felt Skapraun’s tight grip. She could also sense Giddy crawling back into her hair, though not quite as far.
Arrowanna looked around for her brothers. She thought she heard low, rumbling laughter. “Where are Meilí and Torleik?” The laughter made the ground shake, and Trygve adjusted his footing.
“Meilí! Torleik! Where are you?” Arrowanna’s voice was shrill with fright. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Giddy pop his head out from her hair. He leaned down and shouted in her ear, “Miss Arrowanna, look toward the mountains!”
Arrowanna looked and gasped when she saw her twin brothers in what she felt was a dangerous situation. Torleik was dangling from a moss-covered rocky piece jutting out of the foliage, and Meilí barely hung onto Torleik’s leg. She had to admit, their expressions were quite unnerving.
The severe, ground-shaking laughter stopped, and a voice so loud it jolted Arrowanna’s insides said, “They’re safe with me!”
“What do you mean, safe with you? Who are you?” The rocky piece the boys were hanging from began to rise. “Hold on!” Arrowanna shouted. “Don’t let go! It’s a long drop if you fall! You’ll get hurt! We’re coming!” She kicked Trygve in the sides as if he were a horse and said, “Let’s go.”
At the same time four more pieces of elongated rock came up through the trees and met with the one Torleik and Meilí were clinging to. The sounds Arrowanna heard coming from them let her know her brothers were in a panic.
She jostled as Trygve stepped back instead of forward to avoid the front of the mountain bursting loose. Trygve stepped back even further when the entire outlined portion of the front side of the mountain broke away from the rest of it. Arrowanna sighed in relief as Trygve maneuvered perfectly so as not to be hit by flying pieces of rock and dirt. More rocks cracked and popped. The overwhelming sound put Skapraun in a whirl. Arrowanna screamed as he ran in circles around her neck, scraping his claws as he ran. She had no control over the fact that her screams were so loud they could be heard over the cracking, thundering, and snapping of the terrain.
Watching, confused that her brothers were swinging from what she figured was the added movement of the mountain, Arrowanna clutched the scroll with one hand and Skapraun with the other. Everything seemed to warp into slow motion.
She felt Trygve’s stumbling worsening and realized they were rising. She closed her eyes and held her breath. Even though she was relieved when Trygve regained his steadiness, she could not help but believe this Planet Water quake would be their brutal end. She thought about her brothers and shuddered at their sounds of terror. She feared her duty as The Carrier would not come to pass, feeling that would make her solely at fault for failing SUL’s plan. 
When Arrowanna felt her lungs beginning to sting from breathing the air so furiously through her gills, she quickly adjusted and breathed through her nose. She grimaced at how tight a hold Skapraun had on her hair, and noticed that Giddy had again buried himself deeper in her hair. She felt her belly do a flip when the rising motion of the land beneath Trygve’s feet made a slight drop. Then it stopped, and all went quiet.
She silently cried inwardly to SUL for help. Curious beyond her imagination Arrowanna opened her eyes, though in no hurry. What she saw intimidated her to her very core. The detached mountain had a living face made of rocks. Boulders were poking out where cheeks should be and denting in where dimples should be. The whites of what appeared as eyes were made of giant quartz crystals, and the irises and pupils were masses of geodes. What looked like bushy eyebrows were, in fact, large fir trees that jutted straight out. The rock figure blinked, and the crackling sound brought her to a new level of fear. She continued to survey the enormous, stony, apparently living, terra firma. The shape of what she assumed was its brawny chest was covered in fir trees. She saw more jagged rocks leading from its shoulders and extending into smooth, moss-covered stone arms that led down to what resembled hands. That is when she realized Torleik and Meilí were dangling from one of the solid granite giant’s fingertips. When she looked down, she discovered Trygve’s feet were not standing on a hilltop but rather on what appeared to be one of the creature’s knees.
Trygve blurted, “Well I’ll be. Mikillbjarg, is it really you?” 
Arrowanna said, “You know this hulking rock?” She nearly fell off Trygve’s back when he nodded. She watched the large crusty face open a mouth. 
Blasting from the enormous rocky lips came, “Trygve! It’s me all right. This is great! Our day has come to help The Carrier, just like it was supposed to.” Arrowanna’s hair flew straight out behind her in response to the balmy wind produced by the mountain face’s breath; she hoped Giddy had hung on tightly.
Desperate to save Meilí and Torleik, Arrowanna yelled with authority, “Put my brothers down!” She felt uneasy having given such demanding orders to a mountain whom she assumed could swallow her in one gulp. Then she felt SUL speak to her inwardly saying, “It says in The Book of Good and Evil, ‘You will speak to mountains, and they shall move.’” She briefly smiled at SUL’s response. Still in awe, she locked a dead-on stare at Mikillbjarg and uttered, “Please?” 
Not even a second after she heard SUL inside, Mikillbjarg cracked another rocky smile and responded, “But of course.” 
Arrowanna felt her hair straighten again from the warm, damp air when he spoke. She watched as Mikillbjarg gently lowered his finger just above the trees where his stomach should be. Meilí let go, dropped, and disappeared. Relieved at what she hoped was Meilí’s safety, she held her breath until Torleik dropped as well.
Mikillbjarg began laughing, and Arrowanna recognized the booming sound from earlier. Her skin vibrated, and Trygve’s footing slipped. When Mikillbjarg caught his breath he said, “I’m so sorry, but when Torleik and Meilí ran across my belly, it tickled something fierce!”
When Mikillbjarg’s laughter subsided, Arrowanna saw her brothers scaling up his thigh toward them. She was elated to see them arm in arm for a change.
When they reached Arrowanna and the others Meilí shouted, “That was amazing!” He gave Torleik a pound-cake knuckle punch. “I was running after Torleik, then we heard this deep sound like somebody laughing from way up high.” He continued adding dramatic movements of his arms. “Then I saw Torleik going up into the air. I made a leaping dive and grabbed his leg to help, but instead of helping him stay on the ground we both went up, then we were just hanging there, then we could hear you screaming, then...”
“Okay. Okay. We get the picture,” Arrowanna said. “We watched most of it from here. But right now, I’m really glad both of you are alive and unhurt, and I want to know more about Mikillbjarg.” She knocked on Trygve’s head and said, “Would you like to explain what’s going on?”
“Sure. When SUL appointed me to help you, He told me there would be one more who would be beneficial in helping find the second piece of coral. He said the helper’s name would be ‘Mikillbjarg’ and said he was really big. He also told me the helper would be near the mountain and would not be made of flesh and bone. He said Mikillbjarg would not come to life until The Carrier was in his presence. So when I smelled the air change, and it was nothing I had ever encountered, I figured we just might be walking on his turf. Then when I saw a creature start morphing out of the mountain I knew it had to be Mikillbjarg, though I wasn’t expecting Mikillbjarg to be a mountain. But that’s why I didn’t run.”
Arrowanna chewed the inside of her cheek. She said, “Hmmm. What in the world would we need a big rock guy like this for? On the scroll it looks like the coral piece should be at the base of the mountain, and it looks like the big guy pretty much just tore that up.”
Buzzing sporadically around the scroll, Giddy said, “Arrowanna, look at the map again.”
When Arrowanna looked she saw that the piece of coral was actually located on the top of the mountain. She looked up, past Mikillbjarg, and saw a huge tree. As her eyes met with the tree, its roots illuminated through the shattered rocks. She took out her telescope and focused on the roots. At the bottom of the roots she could make out a shape that matched the picture of the second piece of coral that had appeared on the scroll.
She asked, “Mikillbjarg, are you here to take us to the top of the mountain?”
“Yup. That’s my duty. SUL asked me to lift you up so you wouldn’t have to climb.” Mikillbjarg’s smile cracked and snapped.
Arrowanna found herself no longer wanting to second-guess the enchanted things she found along her journey. “Then what are we waiting for? Lift us up. I’ll grab the elemental piece of coral, and we’ll be on our way.”
“Hold on, Arrowanna. I can only lift you. Your friends must stay down here. I’m sure Trygve will be able to handle any danger that tries to snare them.” Mikillbjarg winked, and dust splattered.
“Grrrrrrr!” A voice sounded behind them. Arrowanna whipped her head around. She leaped from Trygve’s shoulders and Skapraun went flying, but Trygve was quick to catch the little monkey.
“Erland!” Arrowanna ran to him and threw her arms around him. He picked her up and swung her around a couple of times.
Meilí murmured, “Oh great, just what we need.” Though Arrowanna heard him, she let it go by without comment.
“Oh Erland, it’s so wonderful to see you. Where have you been? I’ve been so worried.” Arrowanna’s eyes turned dreamy.
“I’ve been watching out for all of you, protecting you from the Draugar.”
“Nei! Don’t say...”
Arrowanna’s words were muffled by the roar of Skapraun. She jumped in front of Erland to keep Skapraun from attacking him, but to no avail. Skapraun leaped right over her and onto Erland. Erland ripped the monkey from his face and bolted.     
Arrowanna captured Skapraun and cuddled him, but by the time she had gotten him calmed down, Erland had disappeared. The laughter coming from her brothers rubbed her the wrong way. She handed Skapraun to Trygve and took off running in search of Erland. Giddy tumbled out of her hair and hit the ground.
“Sis! Come back!” Meilí started after her, but Torleik physically stopped him.
Torleik said, “There’s no use. She won’t listen, and I guarantee she won’t stop running until she catches up to Erland. Just let her go. I can have Mikillbjarg lift me up and I’ll get the piece of coral. Shoot, we’re blood siblings, there shouldn’t be any harm in me getting it for her.”
“But, but, what happened to you helping me help her? Don’t you want to help our sis? She’s in danger. Big danger. Erland could turn into that bear and destroy her.”
Torleik sighed and said, “I think Arrowanna can handle herself. And I think it’s more important we get that elemental piece for her.”
Meilí did not like the glaring look in Torleik’s determined eyes. He said, “What’s wrong with you? You heard Mikillbjarg; he won’t lift anyone up there but Arrowanna. And even if he would, I think that’s a bad idea.”
“Seriously? You’re going to listen to a talking rock that laughs when we run across its stomach?” Torleik huffed.
“I’m back, with Erland,” Arrowanna sounded out of breath. She kept a tight hold on him.
Relieved to hear his sister’s voice, Meilí said, “Thank goodness. But don’t think I’m glad to see Erland. I’m just glad you’re back. And you won’t believe what lame idea Torleik had while you were away.” 
Arrowanna watched him stick his tongue out at Torleik. Meilí and Torleik began going at each other about getting the Element, but she paid no attention to her brothers’ feud. She felt safe and happy in Erland’s arms.
23
Rise and Glow

Arrowanna, inquisitive and nervous, asked the big rock for a favor. “Mikillbjarg, could Erland please come with me when you lift me up to get the piece of coral?”
“Hmmmm.” Arrowanna felt her insides rumble at Mikillbjarg’s low tone. He said, “I’m afraid not. I must lift you, and only you. Those were my instructions directly from SUL."
Meilí chimed in, “Oh that’s just great. Last time you left us with Erland he went missing only to tell us he had gone to protect us, and yet we ended up tied to trees!” He kicked the dirt. 
Mikillbjarg never flinched. 
Meilí pleaded. “Please Sis, don’t leave us alone with Erland again. I’m scared.” 
“What is there to be scared of? This time you have Torleik with you as well as Trygve. And I’m sure if Erland decides to turn into a bear he’ll run away, far away, before he does.” Arrowanna looked at Erland, but felt uneasy at his expression. Her voice sounded cautious when she said, “Isn’t that right, Erland? You’d run away before you’d turn into a bear and possibly hurt them, right?”
Erland gave a smile and said, “That’s exactly right.” He sealed the deal with a firm nod. 
But something about it did not seem authentic to Arrowanna. She thought about her uneasy feeling but came to the conclusion that it must be from everything she had just been through—seeing her brothers dangling from Mikillbjarg’s finger, hanging on for dear life, then meeting the unusual rock man—and brushed her thoughts aside.
She said to Mikillbjarg, “I understand I must go by myself. It won’t be the first time I’ve had to go it alone.” She half smiled and slipped out of Erland’s arms. Again she wanted to kiss him, but not in front of everyone. She said her temporary good-byes, lingering a bit longer with Erland than with the others. She looked deep into his eyes.
Erland whispered, “Now go and make me proud.”
Arrowanna felt her stomach fill with butterflies and confidence all at the same time. She turned and looked at Mikillbjarg. He smiled and extended his large boulder of a hand. Arrowanna walked through the trees that covered his belly. Mikillbjarg let out a low giggle, then Arrowanna stepped into his hand, grabbing hold of the moss that encompassed the base of one of his fingers. As Mikillbjarg’s hand rose from out of the trees, Arrowanna looked for Erland and felt her face blush when she saw him blowing her a kiss; she returned the same. Meilí and Torleik were bickering; she hoped Trygve would step in and take charge. Instead of asking them to stop, Arrowanna saw Trygve lean close to Torleik and take in a few unnoticeable whiffs. She wondered what he could be sniffing for. One thing’s certain, she thought. I know I’d never want to take a whiff of my brother. She made a momentary scrunched up face. I wonder if Trygve can smell the difference in Torleik’s behavior, like Sidra and I can ‘see’ the difference. That incident on Seior Eik4 sure messed him up bad. I really feel sorry for him.
As Mikillbjarg’s hand raised higher she chuckled at the sight of Skapraun leaping and jumping from shoulder to shoulder looking in every direction (she figured for her) and Torleik cringing each time the monkey roared.
“Okay, Miss Arrowanna, you’ll need to hold on tight to the moss. I’m going to raise my hand up to the top of the mountain where the tree is.” Arrowanna grabbed a couple of larger moss clumps to steady herself. Elated to be on the ride of her life, she looked far beyond their immediate surroundings toward Seior Eik4 to see if she could make out Charleo, Sidra, Parexo, or Jit. She saw silhouettes but could not make out the difference at first between Charleo and Sidra. She figured it out when she saw a few sparkles trailing after the one carrying a bowl. That’s got to be Sidra and Parexo being followed by Jit, I’m sure. She pulled out her telescope. “Já, that’s them all right.” She focused on Charleo. She watched him waddle up the plank, and saw Jit’s sparkles fizzing from Sidra to Charleo and back again. Knowing they were safe made her insides warm.
When she realized Charleo had climbed back aboard and grabbed his telescope she let go just long enough to wave in hopes he would see her. She giggled when she saw his little arm moving back and forth, returning a wave. She gave him a thumbs-up, and saw him grin.
She smiled at Sidra climbing the plank with Parexo’s bowl in her tiny hands, water sloshing in every direction, Parexo sweeping from side to side in the bowl, nearly going over the edge with the slopping water each time Sidra took a step. Arrowanna saw Charleo take Parexo’s bowl from Sidra then hand her his telescope. Arrowanna laughed loudly watching Sidra wildly circling and swinging the telescope. She assumed her baby sister was trying her best to find her big sis through the “magic” eyepiece. Arrowanna knew exactly when Sidra caught a glimpse of her because she saw her jump up and down. Arrowanna could tell by her actions her little sister was squealing. She waved at Sidra, and Sidra waved back. Arrowanna saw Parexo fly into view with Jit on her back. Parexo bucked like a bronco. Arrowanna laughed aloud once more at the sight of Jit trying to hang on and wave.
Again Arrowanna focused on Skapraun, Trygve, Erland, and her brothers. She could not imagine what they were discussing. She could tell that, whatever they were talking about, Meilí was getting the brunt end of the deal.
She could feel the Island of Opposites floating slowly toward the darkness, just as it should. As the daylight began to dim she retracted her telescope and returned it to her pocket. She turned to face the mountain and the tree. Much to her surprise Mikillbjarg had lifted her to eye level with the roots. She watched the lighted roots behind the see-through cracked rocks seemingly coming closer as Mikillbjarg gently moved his hand in that direction. Arrowanna marveled at how much brighter the glow from the roots shone in the dimmer light of evening. The silvery-blue light from the roots bounced off the metallic threads on her bunad, and she twisted in every direction causing the threads to appear to dance in the bluish light.
Mikillbjarg placed his hand in such a way that Arrowanna found it easy to leap from his palm to one of the flat, solid rocky ledges formed when Mikillbjarg had broken away from the mountain. There she could see the roots illuminating still brighter through the rocks. When she took a harder look she noticed a dangling piece of coral on the end of each glowing root, each piece just as bright and colorful as the next, making it difficult to tell which one to choose.
Arrowanna felt something crawling in her hair. Out popped Giddy. “You shouldn’t be here little fella,” she was nearly breathless at his appearance. “I should be here alone.”
“No you shouldn’t. You always need a Sprite to keep you safe.”
Arrowanna’s heart melted at Giddy’s compassion and kindness. She said, “You have just as big a heart as Jit, don’t you?” She saw Giddy purse his mouth and hang his head. Assuming it was because he was embarrassed, she said, “Okay. I understand. And to tell you the truth, I’m really glad you’re here.” She reached out and patted his tiny head with her finger. Sparkles dropped.
Arrowanna pulled the scroll from her pocket. Back and forth her eyes shifted from the scroll to the pieces of coral in search of the matching one. Overwhelmed by the brightness of the roots, she stepped back in hopes of a getting a better look. Her foot rolled backwards on a loose rock, and the ledge began to break away.
She screamed. Giddy darted back into her hair. The scroll went flying. Arrowanna grabbed at every piece of stone she encountered as she bumped and banged downward, but every piece of stone she tried to grasp broke loose, and she slid to the next available one. Crying for help, hoping Mikillbjarg would catch her, she felt her hands being cut on the sharp edges of the rocks. Her coat ripped when she raked the sleeve on a jagged edge. Where is Mikillbjarg? She thought. The mountain’s remnants shook harder. She felt the ground rumbling with more power by the second and swore she heard Mikillbjarg groan as if in pain.
*  *  *
Arrowanna’s brothers and the others she had left behind on Mikillbjarg’s knee had their own perils to handle. The dust became thicker by the minute. Sounds of tumbling rocks, trees falling, and odd blurts of pops and snaps and Mikillbjarg’s shouts of desperation were bone chilling.
Meilí drew his swords to no avail. He fell and slid down Mikillbjarg’s shin, Skapraun riding with him. Meilí could feel the small creature’s claws digging deeper and deeper into his neck. “He’s on fire!” Meilí shouted before he disappeared into the thick, soupy ground cover.
Trygve could not believe his eyes when he saw Mikillbjarg’s belly of trees on fire. Torleik and Erland stood in awe at the sight before them. Trygve snatched Torleik in one hand and put him under his arm. He grabbed Erland and threw him over his other shoulder, one handed, and kept a firm grip on him. With the boys in his grasp he took off in a controlled “ski” down Mikillbjarg’s shin. At the rock man’s foot, Trygve found Meilí and Skapraun lying motionless.
The smoke from the fire seeped through the mucky underbrush. Trygve began to cough. He put Erland and Torleik down and rushed to Meilí and Skapraun. He put Meilí’s swords back in their sheaths and situated the limp boy on his shoulders. He pulled a scarf from his neck. He wrapped Skapraun in it and gently placed the secured Skapraun in his large belt pouch. Then Trygve turned toward Torleik and Erland. “Arrrg!” Where have those two gone? “Erland! Torleik!” Trygve shouted, but even his large voice could not be heard over the now hair-raising cries of the blazing Mikillbjarg. Confused whether to try and chase after them or return Meilí and Skapraun to the ship, Trygve shouted in frustration again. Hoping Erland and Torleik could hold their own, Trygve turned and headed toward Seior Eik4 with Meilí and Skapraun.
*  *  *
Arrowanna had finally caught a break and found herself standing on a narrow ledge with her back pressed hard against the mountain. Pain shot through her bloodied fingers, but she dug her nails into the rocks and hung on as the surface shook and rumbled. She watched Mikillbjarg try to get himself to his feet. She screamed at the glowing, living rock who had won a place in her heart, which now was being torn in two at his massive, thundering wails. She knew of no way to help him; she could only watch in horror. She felt Giddy shuddering deep within her locks.
Mikillbjarg’s large arms whooshed by Arrowanna. The heat from the fires had now spread to his arms and brought sweat to her forehead as they passed, and the smoke caused her to choke. She was nearly knocked from where she stood as Mikillbjarg thrashed, trying to put out the flames.
Arrowanna thought she heard Erland’s voice, barely audible from a ledge just above her. “Take my hand!” she heard him say.
She looked up and, relieved, saw Erland with his hand dangling over the edge, well in reach. She stretched hard to grab it, but paused. She saw him turn into the bear! Frightened, she hesitated and quickly thought, should I die dropping into Mikillbjarg’s fire or be mauled by Erland the bear? Making a split second decision, she grabbed his massive paw and he pulled her to safety. Choking on the smoke, she screamed when he jumped from the cliff, now as the boy she loved, not the bear.
She felt a hand grasp her shoulder and heard Torleik shout in her ear, “I have the scroll...and the coral! Let’s go!”
Arrowanna’s insides spiraled into a mix of emotions; her mind raced. How did he get up here? But her thought was overshadowed when she looked at what her brother held in his clutched fingers. “You should never have touched that piece of coral! Look at it!” Arrowanna pointed to it in his hands. It was turning to sand.
Torleik blurted a yell of panic then shouted, “Certainly there’s got to be enough magic between you and me to put it back together!” He tried to catch as much of the sand as he could, but the grains became finer and finer. Helpless, Arrowanna and Torleik screamed as they watched the coral sift into the air and disappear.
The heat was intensifying from nearby jumping flames. Arrowanna cried hysterically when she turned and saw the look on Mikillbjarg’s face, his tree line of eyebrows shooting flames directly at her and Torleik, his sounds of desperation becoming unbearable. Mikillbjarg reached out to Arrowanna, and she watched as his arm fell from its socket in a flaming whirl. Arrowanna and Torleik clung to each other at Mikillbjarg’s last shout of anguish as he fell. The remaining parts of him hit the ground and shattered into countless pieces. Arrowanna screamed, “Neeeeiiiii!”
The dense smoke eventually cleared. Arrowanna and Torleik looked down on what was left of Mikillbjarg scattered about, flames dotted here and there, dancing above the remaining trees on what had been his chest, stomach, and arms. He had turned to hot molten lava that was seeping into the ground.
“Mikillbjarg!” Arrowanna wailed. “Mikillbjarg!”
“It’s no use, Sis. He can’t hear you. He’s gone.”
Arrowanna clutched Torleik and sobbed. She noticed he made no attempt to console her. She looked up at him and watched his blank face as he surveyed the smoldering terrain far below them. Still crying, she pulled out her telescope and was relieved when she spotted Trygve running up the plank with Meilí and Skapraun. She looked for Erland and could not have been happier to see him running out of the ground cover and toward the ship. She realized she was faced with a dilemma, but her mind had not yet cleared enough to think of a way to fix the coral, or even how to get off the mountain and back to the ship.
24
A Wrong Righted

“Oh, Torleik, why did you ever grab that piece of coral? What were you thinking?” Torleik did not answer; he only returned a blank stare. She sobbed. “What are we going to do?” He still did not answer her.
	A small, fuzzy ball of light appeared in front of Arrowanna. Alarmed, she swatted at it several times, but it darted out of reach each time. She thought she heard it whisper. Giddy popped his head out of Arrowanna’s hair. The ball zipped to Giddy. Arrowanna saw Giddy cower slightly when it stopped abruptly in front of him.
“What are you?” Arrowanna asked. She ignored the fact that Torleik rolled his eyes. She said to the fuzzball, “Where did you come from?” She paused when it looked at her. She asked, “Did you just whisper to me?”
The fuzzball glided back to Arrowanna. Taken back by its eight large dark eyes and its tiny mouth, she jumped when the sparkling fuzzball whispered, “I am a legless spider. The others and I live in the lighted roots of the tree. SUL placed us there to protect the elemental piece of coral. Look at the roots.” The legless spider sped to a clear spot in the rocks and hovered. Arrowanna thought, That’s weird, but then again this is the Island of Opposites, so why wouldn’t a spider talk, fly, and have no legs?
Arrowanna looked up. She felt Giddy part her locks and peek out a bit farther. Deep within the rocks at the roots were hundreds more of the legless spiders floating away from a piece of coral. She grabbed the scroll from Torleik and unrolled it and scoped out the picture. With wide eyes she looked back up at the roots, pointed and exclaimed, “That’s the piece of coral we need, not the one Torleik had. Am I right?”
The shining legless spider made a motion in the air as if answering with a yes. 
Arrowanna shoved Torleik to the side. His footing slipped, and she grabbed and pulled him back to his feet. “I’m sorry, dear brother. I’m not thinking too straight. I guess I kind of have a one-track mind at the moment; I just want to get the right piece of coral and get out of here.” She brushed off the front of her brother’s clothing and gave him a hug.
She felt that sinking feeling start to overtake her when she realized the ledge near the rocks had crumbled; she saw no way to reach the coral. With her eyes closed she took in a deep breath, trying to cope with the situation, and she heard the legless spider whisper in her ear, “Follow me.”
Arrowanna opened her eyes, hesitated, nodded, and said, “All right.” 
The legless spider began to float through the air around a piece of rock. Arrowanna carefully followed the little fuzzy ball until it stopped in front of a small opening near her ankles. Arrowanna watched it dart in and out of the hole, then it flew to her and whispered, “Reach inside. My friends will bring the piece of coral to your hand.”
In the twilight Arrowanna knelt with caution on the narrow ledge. She rolled up her tattered coat sleeve, bit her bottom lip, and reached into the opening. She giggled at the fuzziness of the legless spiders all around her hand. She felt the piece of coral being gently placed in her palm, then the fuzzies departed. She pulled her hand from the opening and saw that in her palm lay a most beautiful and colorful piece of coral. She pulled out the scroll and found that the coral piece exactly matched the illustration as it twinkled in the dim light of evening. She put the coral piece in her pocket and said to the legless spider, “You wouldn’t happen to know where I need to place this scroll so it can absorb the next clues, would you?”
Arrowanna giggled at the little fuzzball nodding in the air. She listened intently when it whispered to her, “Give the scroll to my friends. They will place it on the glowing rocks inside the mountain. When they return with it, it will contain all Seior Eik4 will need to know to get you to your next stop, and all of the clues to get you to the next piece of coral.”
“Thank you…uh…” Arrowanna hesitated before she asked, “…do you have a name, little fuzzy one?”
The legless spider flew to her ear and whispered, “My name is Gorsimí7.”
Arrowanna smiled and said, “And a treasure you are. You have helped me beyond belief.” At that Arrowanna pushed the scroll through the opening. She paused and waited for the legless spiders. She sensed them tugging on it, so she let go. She waited for barely a minute and felt the fuzzies encompass her hand and place the scroll back into her palm. She pulled her hand out, probably a bit too fast, because she heard her hand “pop” free and watched as a few legless spiders tumbled out from the opening, shook in the air, then sped back through the hole. 
Arrowanna looked at Gorsimí7. This time she thought she saw the little fuzzy ball smile. Arrowanna said, “I would love to stay and get to know you better, but I have to go. There’s so much at stake. Thank you, kind Gorsimí7, you’ve been a big help not only to me, but to SUL as well.” Arrowanna put the freshly enchanted scroll in her pocket with the piece of coral. 
She stood and walked back to meet Torleik as fast as she felt she could without losing her footing. When she rounded the piece of rock, she did not see him. Panic-stricken, she scoured the cliffs below her. Where can he be? Why is everything I do such a nightmare? She could tell her thoughts were making her queasy. How can I ever get back to the ship without Torleik and Mikillbjarg to help me? Looking down at Mikillbjarg’s charred silhouette, she began to cry. Exhausted, she stared at her bloodied hands, conscious of the pain for the first time in a while. The stinging became excruciating as the wounds throbbed. She hung her head and found herself trying to choose between going on or giving up. Giving up was sounding better by the second. In desperation she called for SUL inwardly, but her plea was only halfhearted. 
Before another tear could stream down her face, a blast of wind slammed her against the mountain. Following the mighty blast she saw Seior Eik4 flying, effortlessly sailing through the air, rounding the mountain toward her with Charleo at the helm. She had never been so glad to hear Charleo’s voice shouting, “We be here, Arrowanna! We be here!”
Her heart warmed more when she heard Sidra shout, “Sis! You’re okay! Parexo can’t wait to see you.” Arrowanna saw Parexo jump from her bowl and wave her tail fin.
The ship slowed and hovered near Arrowanna. Meilí tossed a sturdy rope to her. With pain-staking effort she reached for the spiny braided strand and missed. Tears welled. She heard Meilí assure her she would be fine. He tossed the rope again, and again she missed. She despised the tightening feeling in her stomach as she began to believe once again she was a failure. She took a deep breath and told herself her people needed her, then shouted, “Okay. I’ll get it this time, I promise!” Meilí tossed the rope, and it landed right in her hands. Arrowanna grasped it and leaped, swinging with ease. But when her weight bore down on her hands, she involuntarily let go.
Everyone on the ship screamed. Terrified, Arrowanna could make no noise. She trusted SUL to help her in some way. She did not like the thought of calling on Him yet again, but she felt she had no other choice. 
All but one of the ropes on one of the sails snapped from the mast, and the sail magically sped to Arrowanna. It wrapped itself around her and raised her to the ship. Everyone rushed to help the sail make a smooth landing on the deck.
Erland watched Charleo unroll the canvas. He rushed to Arrowanna’s side. “She’s breathing!" he shouted. “Get some water.” Meilí rushed below deck and returned with a canteen. Erland held it to Arrowanna’s lips. “Drink my darling, drink.” He gently poured some of the water over her lips. “Arrowanna. Please. You can’t die. You’re The Carrier. We need you.” Erland paused, then he said through his own tears, “I need you.” He kissed her.
Arrowanna felt the warmth of his lips on hers and made certain he could feel her kissing him back. When she lifted her arms and let them fall around Erland, everyone cheered, even Meilí.
Arrowanna felt the sail begin to slide away beneath her. She watched, and when it had freed itself, it and all of its rigging gracefully returned to their origin. At that moment Seior Eik4 flew on her own accord, weaving through the rushing, floating islands.
Erland carried Arrowanna below deck and placed her on her bed. She could hear her siblings giggling at the top of the stairs. She called to them, and they rushed down the ladder. She noticed everyone hanging onto something when Trygve scaled the stairs; his size caused the ship to rock quite a bit in the air.
Arrowanna asked, “Meilí, would you please ask Charleo to join us?”
“Sure.” Meilí yelled at the top of his lungs, “Hey, Charleo, get down here!”
Arrowanna said, “Well, I could have done that. I wanted you to ‘invite’ him down here in a nice way.” She shook her head.
She heard Charleo waddling across the deck above her, then she saw him turn around to come down backwards. Arrowanna and the others laughed when the tall ship glided onto the water, causing Charleo to lose his footing and swing out from the ladder. Arrowanna and the others tried to curtail their laughter when Charleo approached them, but it did not work.
Charleo straightened his hat and said, “What be it, me Arrowanna. Be ye okay?”
Arrowanna smiled at him and said, “Yes. I be fine, me little friend and admiral.” She saw Charleo blush. “I wanted everyone together. Does anyone know what happened back there with Mikillbjarg?”
Jit and Giddy’s sparkles dwindled. Silence mixed with anticipation, and the scene remained steady for several moments. Skapraun crawled up and sat above Arrowanna’s head on the pillow. Finally Charleo raised his hand and said, “I be a-knowin’. But I be not sure ye’ll want ta be a-knowin’.”
Arrowanna thought about what she had seen from above and wondered if perhaps it would be too much to handle. On the other hand she sensed her curiosity boiling over. She said, “I want to know. I want to know what happened.”
Charleo removed his hat and placed it on the wooden trunk. He pulled a wooden stool up beside Arrowanna’s bed, sat down, and took her hand. Arrowanna anxiously awaited Charleo’s story.
25
A Legend Learned

Charleo waited for the others to tighten their formation around Arrowanna. Skapraun leaped onto Trygve’s shoulder, and Trygve stood beside Erland. Meilí and Torleik stood at opposite ends of the semi-circle. Sidra sat on the floor and wrapped an arm around Meilí’s leg. Parexo jumped from her bowl; Jit and Giddy took a seat next to her.
Charleo’s voice sounded shaky to Arrowanna when he said, “Well...” He took a deep breath and began. “When ye put yer telescope down after I waved ta ye, I saw black smoky shadows begin ta slink inta the forest. They were a-slitherin’ like snakes.” Charleo shuddered. “I tried ta call ta ye, but ’twas no way ye’d be a-hearin’ me o’er all the noise. I told meself ye were with the best-of-the-best and they would be a-protectin’ ye.” He glanced from Meilí to Trygve, to Torleik, and on to Giddy. “I thought it best ta stay right here on the ship ta be a-protectin’ li’l Miss Sidra, Parexo, and Jit. I thought ‘bout sendin’ Jit ta ye, but I banked on the fact that Giddy was with ye and would be a-seein’ the nasty crawlers a-headin’ yer way.”
Arrowanna blurted in desperation to help her friend, “Giddy was hiding in my hair most of the time. There’s no way he could have seen anything. It’s my fault, I’m sorry. I should have had him stay out, but he seemed so content in my hair, and nothing was happening at the time. Please don’t blame Giddy for Mikillbjarg’s fate.”
Charleo said, “Oh, Arrowanna, me dear lady, I wouldna think of such a thin’. The Sprites and I’ve been through a lot tagether, and I trust ‘twas not his fault. Nor yer’s, fer that matter.”
The sight of Jit patting Giddy on the back made Arrowanna feel a little better.
Charleo continued, “Now let’s see, where was I? Ah, yes. ‘Twasna long after that I began a-seein’ what looked like torches a-flickerin’ in the breeze. Then I saw smoke, not that of the ghostly figures, but wood smoke a-risin’ from Mikillbjarg’s trees. The next thin’ I knew, flames be a-jumpin’ from the highest trees, and I could hear the big rocky guy a-wailin’. ‘Twas bone-chillin’ fer sure.” Charleo hated to cry in front of everyone, but the story lent itself to horror.
He did not mistake Arrowanna’s anxiousness for rudeness when she coaxed, “What happened next? I must know.”
Charleo’s eyes locked onto Arrowanna’s; the intensity in his watery glare spoke for itself. He said, “But what bothers me the most be the fact that b’fore the fire started I saw what I thought ta be Torleik a-leapin’ from treetop ta treetop. But the creature moved so fast I couldna be certain. I thought for a moment maybe Torleik started the fire. But then I realized how ridiculous that sounded.”
Charleo and Arrowanna looked at Torleik, whose eyes widened. He backed up. “What? It wasn’t me. Are you kidding? I’m scared to climb trees, let alone leap from top to top.”
Sidra crawled to Arrowanna’s bed and whispered, “Sis, he’s acting weird again. And he used to climb trees back home all the time. He sure didn’t look scared then.”
“Shhhhh. It’s okay Sidra. He’s been through a lot. I’m sure he’s just reacting that way because he’s so stressed. It was very scary out there. Really, he’ll be fine. I promise.” Arrowanna hugged Sidra. “Now go to your brother and give him a hug. I know he could use one.” She gently pushed Sidra toward Torleik. He accepted her with open arms.
Arrowanna said, “I’m sorry Charleo, please go on.”
“No need ta be sorry. ‘Twas a wild scene from all angles. I be sure of that.”
“You’re so right,” Trygve said.
Charleo returned to the account of what he had seen. “Then I saw, a-chasin’ after whoever was on the tree tops, a bear. I figured it be Erland in his berserkr state doing his best ta protect us.” Charleo broke down, and Arrowanna extended her arm and placed her hand on his shoulder. Charleo appeared as though the action comforted him. 
Arrowanna said, “Charleo, if you saw a bear leaping from treetop to treetop, it was most likely Erland trying to catch someone, or something. I’ll bet he was after whoever had full intent on starting the fire on Mikillbjarg. And that wouldn’t have been Torleik. Torleik has no reason to hurt us. Erland was most likely chasing after another D-r-a-u-g-r,” she said, spelling the “D” word to keep from scaring Skapraun. She looked at Erland and asked, “Was it another one of the D’s?”
After a moment of hesitation Erland answered, “Já. It was another one all right. At first.” He opened his mouth to speak, but paused before he said, “Though it acted a bit different than others I’ve ever seen.”
“What do you mean?” Arrowanna asked. 
“Well, for one thing he ran faster than a regular D-r-a-u-g-r. Secondly he leaped higher, and...and thirdly...” Erland held a blank stare.
“And what? What be the third thin’ Erland?” Charleo asked, sitting on the edge of the stool.
Erland rubbed his eyes and said, “Don’t laugh at me when I say this: he seemed to change forms with every leap. I’ve never seen a D-r-a-u-g-r change that fast, or change into so many different things.”
“But you’re a berserkr!” Meilí shouted. “You change from a boy to a bear...” Meilí snapped his fingers "...just like that!”
Erland looked down at Meilí and said, “Já. I do. But I only change into a bear, nothing else. And only when I’m in a fit of rage. And believe me, I was in a fit of rage when I saw that morphing thing making its way toward you guys. I saw it change from a D-r-a-u-g-r into a kingly old man, then a boy, then a Pegasus. That’s when I got him. I snagged his back hock and dragged him from the air, pounced on him, and dug my claws deep into his heart.” Charleo saw Erland’s shoulders drop. Erland muttered, “Then he vanished.” He added hand motions. “It was like he turned to dust then seeped into the sky.”
Silence reigned for a brief moment, then Charleo slowly exclaimed, “Lucasphair!” With his voice low and angry he said, “What we saw, Erland, was either Lucasphair himself or one of his minions. They be changelin’s from Maycly.” Charleo drew his sword in one swift motion. Pointing and shaking it toward the sky he sounded off, “I’ve beaten ye more than once, ye mis’rable, slitherin’ demon of a bein’, and I be not afraid ta face ye or yer leader and conquer ye all yet again!”
“Charleo!” Arrowanna shouted. “What are you talking about? You mean to tell me we’ve not only got our hands full of D-r-a-u-g-a-r, but—what did you call him? A slithering demon?”
“Aye, better known as a changelin’.”
“What are changelings?” Meilí asked.
“Yeah, what are changelings?” echoed Sidra.
Charleo looked at them and said, “When Tarnnin fell from Good on Maycly, many Evils were birthed. SUL’s sanctuary on Maycly was transformed into a wicked land known as Targrum. From its tar-seepin’ walls of the cliffs came Lucasphair and his army, along with their vicious grumners.” Charleo saw Sidra’s eyes grow wide, and she began to tremble. He said, “Grumners be vicious like coy wolves, only far, far bigger. They chase down and eat anythin’ that be a-livin’.” He hated to have used a tone to scare Sidra like that, but he knew he had no choice in making a point of the seriousness at hand. Charleo looked at them all as he continued. “Lucasphair served as Tarnnin’s, now known as FAZ’s, second in command. Lucasphair and all of his cohorts were cast down ta the Earth in the end. But legend has it, Lucasphair bounced off the Earth when he was hurled ta his demise. The sight and the sounds of him a-tryin’ ta change inta so many thin’s were gruesome beyond those that any livin’ bein’ of Good should e’er have ta see or hear.” Charleo squinted his eyes and whispered, “Lucasphair finally landed on a planet in the outermost darkness.” Sidra gasped, causing Charleo’s eyes to pop open wider, and Arrowanna pulled Sidra to her side. Charleo said, “Supposedly he found other changelin’s and grumners that SUL had hidden on that particular dark planet from the beginnin’ of time.”
“So what does that mean?” Meilí asked.
Charleo answered, “It be a-meanin’ there may be many evil thins’ a-roamin’ about the four elemental planets.” Charleo paused. He lowered his head and said, “And I be a-havin’ a gut feelin’ that SUL’s new Earth willna come about without a mighty battle.”
Arrowanna watched the others’ faces. She saw everything from fear to determination, and from confusion to bravery. She did not know exactly what her own expression portrayed, but she knew her insides were churning. She looked to Erland for comfort, yet saw none in his eyes. She rose from her bed and walked to him, Sidra reaching out and holding tight to Arrowanna’s bunad. Arrowanna reached out and took Erland’s hand. It shocked her when he pulled it from hers.
“I should go,” Erland said. “I need to find that changeling and destroy it once and for all.” He turned and began to walk away.
Charleo said, “Ye need ta be careful, me boy.”
Erland stopped and looked over his shoulder. He noticed Arrowanna crying. He responded with a somber tone, “I will.”
Charleo said, “But ye dunna know how many may be out there. Ye dunna e’en know if there be grumners.” After a tense pause he asked Erland, “Do ye e’en know how ta stop a changelin’ or a grumner? And what the outcome may be?”
Arrowanna could tell Erland wanted to sound brave when he said, “I’m sure I can muster up enough rage to be bigger than either of them so I can kill them.”
Charleo slowly shook his head. “Nae, boy. Ye canna kill a changelin’ or a grumner. Ye can only stop ‘em fer a time. Ye got lucky in those treetops. Ye punched yer claw inta where his heart should’ve been.” Charleo slightly narrowed his eyes and whispered, “Ye can only turn ’em ta dust. And the only way ta turn ’em ta dust?” He walked to Erland, patted Erland’s chest over his heart and said, “They havena any heart. Ye must pierce ’em where a heart should be.” He patted Erland’s chest again and said, “And the dust be only temporary. Same be with a grumner. I be a-tellin’ ye true, ye’ll ne’er be as big as a grumner, no matter how angry ye become.”
Arrowanna, stunned, returned to her bed and sat down. Parexo flew Jit and Giddy to her. Jit said, “He’s right. But don’t be afraid. When you’re afraid, you can’t fight. You have to be confident. You have to be our leader. We’re only here to help, not lead. That’s your destiny as The Carrier.”
Without warning Seior Eik4 turned on end and dived beneath the icy water.
26
Something Golden

Arrowanna grabbed the railing beneath the window by her bed. She watched the others scurry to grab onto someone, or something on the ship. She shouted, “Trygve! Erland! Grab onto something. Quick! We’re under the water!” At the speed of a diving dolphin, Seior Eik4 had plummeted into the depths. The rush of water felt warm as it raced past Arrowanna. Relieved, she loosened her grip when she saw everyone still aboard, especially Sidra, and felt more at ease when Charleo dashed up the stairs to what she assumed would be the helm. But when Arrowanna looked out her window her calm feeling turned upside down. Her palms became sweaty as Seior Eik4 moved closer and closer to the darkness beneath the water. She heard Charleo shouting, attempting to direct the ship away from the rocks. She pressed her face against the porthole then jumped when Seior Eik4 zipped past a rise of jagged boulders that were mere inches from the ship’s hull. She heard the desperation in Charleo’s voice, doing his best to coax Seior Eik4 to stay in the light.
Finally, Arrowanna felt as though she could let her deep breath seep out when she felt the speed of the ship beginning to slow while still in the light. It jarred her, but much to her relief the tall ship’s hull plowed through the sand, whirled 180 degrees, and came to rest, undamaged, on the bottom of the sea. For her own sake, Arrowanna took another headcount, tucked the sleeping Skapraun under her covers, then she and the others joined Charleo on deck.
The sight that met her eyes when she reached the helm did not settle well with Arrowanna. The front half of the ship shone in the tranquil aqua light, but the back half was swallowed by darkness. Worried, Arrowanna took Sidra tightly by the hand then placed her sister’s tiny hand in Trygve’s. “Don’t let go of her.”
Arrowanna moved to the edge of the ship and peered over the railing. She pulled the scroll from her pocket and found it as easy to read as if they were above the water in the dry air. “There’s an odd symbol next to the sketch of Seior Eik’s4 plank." With a crinkled face she said, “Charleo, come look.”
Arrowanna could see Charleo taking extra care in making sure he touched the ship at all times.
“Charleo, what is that symbol? I don’t recognize it at all.”
Charleo took the scroll from Arrowanna and pulled it closer to his eyes. After studying the odd shape for several minutes he said, “I b’lieve that be a mermaid.”
“A mermaid? What would a mermaid have to do with this?” 
“Well, we be b’neath the surface fer one thin’. Be that not where they live? Maybe she’ll be a-wantin’ ta help us.” Charleo turned the map this way and that then said, “But what I be a-findin’ e’en stranger than the mermaid symbol be the fact that the ship be a-showin’ up on the scroll just as we be a-sittin’, half in the light and half in the dark. Why would half the ship need ta be in the dark?”
Torleik made his way over; Arrowanna assumed it was to assess the situation. Torleik took the map from Charleo and studied it for a few seconds. He said, “My guess would be the half of the ship that lies in the dark must be the part of the ship that’s alive and it doesn’t want the Draugar to see it breathing.”
Arrowanna looked at her brother and said, “And I think you’re half crazy. Either the whole ship is living, or it’s not, and we all know it is. AND don’t be silly…” She looked below deck to make sure Skapraun was still sleeping, then whispered, “…the Draugar can see in the dark. They live there, for Maycly’s sake.” She snatched the scroll from Torleik and took another look. Words appeared in the bottom right hand corner. Arrowanna read them aloud,

Seior Eik4 has stopped, you see.
No need to fear, 
You’re where you should be.
With the bow in the light
And the stern in the black,
The scroll will reveal to you
All that you lack.

When Arrowanna read the last word she watched as the scroll began to draw out more clues. Puzzled, she said, “We’re definitely in the right place; the scroll is mapping out the route.” Arrowanna could tell the color in her face had drained. “But this route is looking to be very different from the others we’ve taken.”
The lighted path on the scroll paved its way into the dark, and as it crept along the parchment through the blackness, it illuminated its surroundings etched on the scroll. Arrowanna felt her heartbeat triple in time, and her breathing become shallow.
Meilí stepped closer to his sister and asked, “What is it Sis? What’s so scary?”
“Well, I can barely make it out, but it looks like icy caves where the path is crawling. And I’m seeing large shadows creeping through...I’m not sure...tunnels maybe? The scroll has never shown us moving things.”
“Give me that!” Torleik jerked the scroll from Arrowanna again.
“Hey! Give it back!”
“Nei!” He looked at the scroll and copped a smirk. 
This bothered Arrowanna. She yelled through clenched teeth, “GIVE. IT. BACK!” 
“Both of ye, be a-stoppin’ it right now!” Charleo took the scroll from Torleik and handed it back to Arrowanna.
Torleik shouted, “It’s the ice caves of the Draugar of the Abyss. Don’t you get it? You have to get the next elemental piece from deep within the Abyss. I’ve seen those caves before. Don’t you think I’d recognize them?”
Everyone gasped. In a meek voice Sidra asked, “Is that where you went on the day we found you all icy on the ship?”
Torleik’s expression seemed confused to Arrowanna. He said, “Uh…já. Já! That’s where I was. They came and got me.”
Giving him the benefit of the doubt, Arrowanna hoped Torleik had spoken the truth. Creeped out, the corners of Arrowanna’s mouth pushed down when she thought about the possibility of Torleik having actually been inside those caves. She thought, No wonder he’s acting so weird. I’m sure I’d be acting weird, too, if I’d have seen what he’s seen. That explains a lot.
“I’m sorry, Torleik,” sympathized Arrowanna. “I didn’t mean to take lightly all that you’ve been through. I’d be upset too if I’d been in the haunted ice caves with the Draugar.” She hugged him but felt nothing loving in return. His fear has probably pushed aside all of his other emotions. She backed away.
Trygve stepped in and said, “Let me be the one to enter the caves. I’m one of them.” Arrowanna and the others looked at him with shock written all over their faces. He corrected himself, “I mean, I used to be a Viking, just like them. I’m not afraid of them.”
“But what if they recognize you?" Meilí blurted. “They’ll kill you!”
Trygve sighed, knelt, put his hand on Meilí’s shoulder, and said in a solemn tone, “That’s a chance we have to take. I know their strategies and how they think. There’s no way I’d ever consider sending Arrowanna in there alone. Those zombiefied creatures could devour her in the blink of an eye.”
Arrowanna gulped. “I think Trygve has a great idea. He can go get the last piece. I’m sure SUL won’t mind. Besides, if I leave the ship, the water will freeze my gills. I wouldn’t last a minute out there. Let’s let Trygve go for sure. Whadda ya think Charleo?” With false hope she widened her mouth in a nervous smile.
Charleo sighed then said, “It canna be, Arrowanna. Trygve, yer gesture of kindness be immeasurable, but the duty ta retrieve the elemental pieces be fer The Carrier, and The Carrier alone.” He studied the writings on the scroll a bit harder. “Although, there be nothin’ here that says she canna have companions travel with her this time, and I dunna hear SUL a-tellin’ me inwardly she canna. But she must be the one ta retrieve the last piece of the Element. We’ve come so far, no need ta be a-messin’ it up now.” He looked at Arrowanna, his somber expression not settling well within her.
“Trygve and I’ll go with her,” Torleik said with determination.
“Já. And me. You brawny guys need brains with you, too, not just muscles," Meilí looked at his sister. “Right?”
Defeated, Arrowanna nodded. 
Meilí added, “Plus, me and Torleik trained to use our gills in the icy water for extended periods of time, and I’m sure Trygve is used to the cold water, you know, being a Viking and all.”
Arrowanna said, “You’re probably right. But what about me and my gills? We all know I must be the one to retrieve the piece of coral. Charleo’s got a point. We can’t take a chance on messing things up now.”
Charleo said to Arrowanna, “And if ye put yer full trust in SUL, I be certain he’ll help ye with the whole gill thin’ and the icy water.” He gave her the seahorse’s honor signal, and she smiled.
Arrowanna looked at Erland. “Will you please come with us? I’m sure we could use a bear. Bears do know how to swim, right?”
She saw Erland look Torleik, Meilí, and Trygve in the eyes before he spoke. “I’ll stay here and protect the others. I’ll know if you need me. Then and only then will I come to your rescue. This is very dangerous, and every one of us must remain alert at all times. I will serve best here this time.” He reassured Arrowanna with a firm hug.
Arrowanna looked at her brothers and Trygve and said, “Well then, we must get going.” When she heard Sidra sniffle she made an extra effort to cuddle her baby sister.
“Sis, why do you have to keep going away? I’m scared under the water.”
“No need to be afraid, Sidra. And I must go away and get the last piece of the Element. It’s a really important thing I have to do if we want to see SUL’s new Earth come to pass. Okay?”
Sidra choked out her next words, “Okay. I wouldn’t want to upset SUL or make a mess of His new Earth. So you better get going.” Even through the water Arrowanna could see Sidra’s tears. Sidra said, “I’ll be smiling when you get back, I promise.”
Arrowanna gave her baby sister one more hug, Parexo included, then she walked to the plank and peered over the edge of the tall ship. “I don’t see any symbols here at all—nothing like we saw on the scroll.” Her foot slipped over the edge of the ship. “Whoa!” When she tried to pull it back through the slats she found it to be a bit difficult. She looked down and saw that her foot had changed into a fin. Reaching down she used her hands to pull the fin back onto the ship’s deck. When it came on deck the fin disappeared, leaving her foot as usual. “Hey, Charleo. Come over here a minute.”
Charleo made his way to Arrowanna and said, “What be a-goin’ on?”
Arrowanna took Charleo’s hand and led him to the opening where the plank could be extended. She said, “Watch this.” She held tightly to the railing and sat down. She then straightened her legs out into the open water, and she and Charleo watched as both of her feet turned into a golden, fluffy fishtail. Then gold, shimmering scales began to encompass her legs.
“Now be a-holdin’ on fer just a minute.” Arrowanna pulled her legs back onto the ship.” Charleo frowned. “How can ye be a mermaid?” he asked.
“You said the symbol on the scroll was a mermaid, right?” She saw Charleo nod. “Then it must have meant that when I leave the ship I turn into a mermaid. How else do you think I could get in and out of those caves so fast? And hopefully this will keep my gills from freezing.” 
“Be a-doin’ it again.” Arrowanna extended her legs. “Well I’ll be jiggered!” exclaimed Charleo. “It really be a-lookin’ like yer a-gonna turn inta that mermaid when ye leave the ship! I be sure that means ye’ll be able ta breathe in the icy waters. Yer gills willna be a-freezin’.” 
Arrowanna cast a smug stare at Charleo and slid off the deck, completely into the water. “Nae!” Charleo shouted. He watched her bunad melt into a golden bodice boasting a thick, lush, ruffled collar. There were no sleeves, only openings for her arms. She waved her hands and tail fins at him as she floated effortlessly with the slow movement of the water. Charleo called for the others to join him.
Erland, first on the scene, shouted, “Arrowanna! Is that you?”
Arrowanna nodded and joyously answered, “Já! It’s me. Look at me. I’m a mermaid!” She saw the others join Erland and Charleo, and she made a graceful spiral up a few feet then back down. “And the best part is, the water doesn’t feel cold to me. It’s not stinging my gills. This means I can swim fast. I can get in and out of those caves in no time. I’ll zip past those Drau...” Surprised, she realized Skapraun was now on Trygve’s shoulder. “...those bad guys so fast they won’t even see me!” She sped to the right then back to the left, small bubbles whirling from the tips of her tailfins.
“But what happens when you get to the caves?” Sidra asked. “Do you get your legs back when you go inside?” 
Arrowanna crossed her arms, put her finger on her chin and thought, then she said, “I don’t know. I hadn’t really thought about it. I’m just happy to be a mermaid for now.” She did a loop-d-loop and said to Jit and Giddy, “No wonder you do these all the time. They’re fun!” She did one more, then said, “I’ll be fine. I won’t need any help. I can do this. Alone. I’m sure.”
Erland gave her a piece of his mind, “Nei, you’re not going alone. Your brothers and Trygve will still be joining you. No questions asked!”
Charleo said to Erland, “Thank ye. I was about ta be a-sayin’ the same thin’.” 
Arrowanna rolled her eyes and shook her head. “Fine. I’ll take them, but I’ll bet I can out-swim them!” She fanned her tail and sailed backwards at a good rate of speed. 
“Hey everyone, look!” Meilí shouted as he sat on the deck, dangling his legs over the edge. “I’ve been doing some magic of my own.”
Arrowanna swam to the edge where he sat. What she saw stunned her. “What’s with all of those big seahorses?" she asked. “And it looks like they have riders!”
“I’m not sure. But when I pull my feet up over the edge, they disappear. Watch.”
Arrowanna and the others watched as Meilí pulled his legs back onto the ship, and sure enough, the seahorses and their riders disappeared. Meilí put his legs back out into the icy water off the ship, and the creatures reappeared only a few feet from the ship.
Arrowanna hesitantly swam to whom she assumed would be the creatures’ leader. She bowed and said, “Hello, my name is Arrowanna. What’s yours?"
The creature removed his helmet and revealed the face of a man. He said, “My name is Gardarr8 Svavarsson.”
“Gardarr8 Svavarsson!” Charleo shouted. He, along with Jit and Giddy, rushed to the edge of the ship to greet the man.
Arrowanna swam to the railing where Charleo was standing and let the reunion take its course.
Charleo addressed his crew, “I’ve known Gardarr8 Svavarsson for hundreds of years. Ye couldna be in better company!” He turned his attention back to Gardarr8 Svavarsson and said, “Tis great ta be a-seein’ ye, ol’ friend. How did ye e’er get the privilege of servin’ such a Carrier as Arrowanna?” 
Arrowanna chimed in, asking, “Forget about the privilege of serving me, I’d rather hear how you got here. Where did you come from? Where did all those seahorses come from? How do you know Charleo and Jit and Giddy?”
Gardarr8 Svavarsson laughed then spoke, “It’s a long story, but I’ll do my best to shorten it, as I know time is not on our side.” He cleared his throat and began, “I am the founder of Iceland back on Earth. Long ago when I passed away on Earth the etherealians made their nightly round, and I rode on a skyship to Maycly. And oh, what a ride it was! Once I arrived and my spirit reunited with my body I became a full-fledged wightling. And I must say Gramma Hilda’s sweets are beyond delicious, and Grandpa Lawrence is one fine upstanding gentleman.”
Arrowanna could not help herself, “Who’s Gramma Hilda and Grandpa Lawrence? What sweets are you talking about?”
Charleo turned to Arrowanna and said, “Tis a grand story, but we dunna have time right now. Ye’ll have ta wait till ye get ta Maycly, and ye willna be a-gettin’ there if ye dunna get the coral pieces in place in time.” With one hand on the railing, Charleo patted Arrowanna’s back with the other and said, “Please continue, Gardarr8.”
“Let’s see, where was I…oh yes, the skyship trip. When I arrived on Maycly that’s when I met ol’ Charleo here.” He tapped Charleo on the head with the tip of his trident. Gardarr8 Svavarsson continued with exaggerated hand gestures as he spoke, “I fought alongside the great General Philip in the last battle on Maycly. I watched the Earth be destroyed while standing next to Charleo, and I have stood with him in the presence of our dear Queen Iona. With all of the goodness presented to a lonely seafarer such as myself, I felt it in my heart to return goodness to SUL. After the last battle, in secret, I promised the Grand Wizard I would pay Him back for all that He had done for me. I told him if there ever came another time to defend what is Good I would be there for Him. Many years later He summoned me and told me I could help The Carrier on Planet Water.”
“But what about all of those seahorses? And the warriors on their backs?” Arrowanna asked.
“I have chosen them to help fight the Draugar of the Abyss.” The army of seahorses carrying their warriors backed up when Skapraun roared. Trygve clamped his gigantic hand over the monkey’s head and offered an apology. “We’ll explain later, but please don’t use the ‘D’ word when this monkey is within hearing distance. Go on.”
Arrowanna whizzed past everyone and back again chattering, "But there’s not going to be any fight. I’m going to zip in and zip out, and no one will even see me.” She stopped and crossed her arms. She realized her over-confidence was not impressing anyone. She said, “Sorry.”
Gardarr8 Svavarsson sternly directed his words at Arrowanna, “You do swim fast, and you are determined for sure. But I am afraid there is going to be a fight over this piece of coral. SUL allowed me to gather any wightling warriors I wanted to take to Planet Water from Maycly to fight the fight that awaits you in the depths of the Abyss. When we got here we found the seahorses gathered together, dressed and ready for battle. We knew they had to be a gift from Maycly—from SUL.”
Arrowanna, not sure she wanted to trust Gardarr8 Svavarsson said, “Yeah. But when my brother pulls his feet onto the ship all of you disappear. I could tell him to do just that and go on my own.”
“Arrowanna!” snapped Charleo. “Ye needna be a-talkin’ that way ta this fine man. He be a-doin’ his duty, and SUL be a-fulfillin’ a promise ta him. Ye dunna need ta be the one who decides when or where he keeps his promise ta the Grand Wizard. That be between Gardarr8 Svavarsson and SUL alone.” Charleo pulled his admiral hat down on his head a wee bit farther. “Now if I were ye, I’d be a-thankin’ SUL fer a-thinkin’ of me and a-wantin’ ta protect me above and beyond what He’s already done fer me.” Charleo walked to the edge of the ship and spoke out over the railing to no one in particular. “Why be it Grand Wizard, that so many think they be a-knowin’ better than Ye?”
Arrowanna saw him bow his head and shake it in what she figured was shame. She swam to face all those aboard and said, “I’m sorry everyone. It’s just that I’ve never been a mermaid before, and I’d like to be on my own and stop being such a coward. Becoming this mermaid has given me the confidence I’ve been seeking.” Her fins drooped and she added, “But perhaps I believed I had more than needed.”
Meilí saw them first and pointed as Erland shouted to Arrowanna, “Look out! Behind you!”
Arrowanna turned and saw red eyes speeding toward her from the darkness. She screamed, and she flipped her tail so hard it caused her to dart out of sight.
“Trygve!” Meilí shouted. “Come quick!”
Skapraun wiggled free from Trygve’s grip and began to roar. Trygve shoved Skapraun toward Torleik and shouted, “Get this growling monkey below deck!” Without taking another step, Torleik threw Skapraun down the stairs. Sidra chased after him. 
Meilí pulled one of the +Ulfberh+t5 swords from its sheath and handed it to Trygve. “You may need this out there.” Trygve wasted no time in taking his old sword. 
“Charge!" shouted Gardarr8 Svavarsson.
“We’re coming with you!” Trygve shouted. He pushed the +Ulfberh+t5 through his waistband, grabbed Torleik, threw him on his back, and set out, off the ship and into the darkness.
Meilí stiffened his outstretched legs and kept them in that position. He wrapped his arm around the railing, ducked and put his hands over his head. The swirling water gushed over him as each seahorse and its rider sped over Seior Eik4 toward the deep black. He barely cracked his eyes open and watched Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his sea army disappear among the red eyes. He saw the red eyes turn away. Then Meilí whispered, “SUL, please help my sister.”
27
Draugar of the Abyss

Arrowanna flipped her fins time and again trying to shirk the Draugr that was hot on her tail. She did several barrel rolls, as well as fast climbs and descents. Her eyes were adjusting to the extreme dark, and up ahead she could see the ice caves. Their massive size frightened her. As she serpentined through the water toward the caves an opening came into view. The sound of the Draugr viciously pursuing her through the water made her swim as fast as she possibly could toward the opening. She hoped it would prove to be big enough for her but not for her encroaching stalker.
She screamed when she felt something slice through one of her tail fins. She knew it had to be the Draugr’s weapon; the hit slowed her down. She had to do something fast if she wanted to shake the Draugr. She took a sharp right turn behind a large rock in hopes of losing the tyrant. She was glad the cold water served as a pain deterrent. She leaned forward ever so slightly and saw him rush by, but her relief lasted only a moment. He stopped, turned, and began to sniff the water.
Arrowanna leaned back, pressing herself against the rough stone. Her tail fins were bleeding, the blood swirling around her, rising upward. She leaned forward again and thought, He’s sniffing for the blood. I just know it. He can smell it. He swam past it, and now he’s trying to find it so he’ll find me. Oh no. Where’s Erland? He said he would be here if I got into trouble. She felt terror shoot through her scales when the Draugr caught sight of her. She slammed herself back into the rock but sensed the killer swimming toward her.
She flipped her fins in hopes of dissolving the thick blood around her, but her heart sank when she saw the blood get thicker and go swirling in every direction. Frantically she waved her hands. The blood had become so dense and the water so murky, she could barely see her fins in front of her. She gently swam around the rock, hoping she had chosen the side opposite the Draugr’s approach.
“BOO!” grunted the Draugr, then he gave a sickening laugh.
Arrowanna, now face to face with the evil being, tried to get her bearings, but he grabbed her. She screamed. 
In the midst of her thrashing she heard another man’s voice shout, “Oh no you don’t!” She caught a glimpse of Trygve and felt the Draugr’s grip loosen. She noticed Trygve had wrapped an arm around the Draugr’s neck and had put him in a choke hold. “Swim, Arrowanna, swim!” Trygve cried.
She wasted no time. She turned momentarily to look at Trygve, but he was hidden behind the trail of blood she left as she swam. Then she remembered stories about slaughter sharks and giant ice piranhas being able to smell one drop of blood in one-hundred-thousand drops of water, and fear overtook her. She tried to swim even faster, but the blood flowed harder with every swish of her tail.
Then Arrowanna caught sight of the opening once again. She sped toward what little bit of light she saw escaping the hole. Without slowing down, she fit through it perfectly, leaping through it like a dolphin through a hoop. She was inside, and there was no more water surrounding her. When the air hit her, her mermaid form disappeared, and she slid across the icy floor. She felt her hands and face stinging as she skidded until her body banged against an icy wall. She groaned. With a lump in her throat she thought, I sure hope I can be a mermaid again when it’s time to go back to the ship.
She saw her calves bleeding into her shoes; her stockings were stained completely red around her ankles. She could not help but moan and groan a few times. She heard grumblings echoing through the many tunnels that lay before her. “There’s no time to lie here and feel sorry for myself,” she murmured. Mustering up the energy to stand, she aimed to follow the brightest light with high hopes of finding no more Draugar. She had to learn how to walk on the ice. If Torleik could do it, so can I, she thought.
She slipped and slid her way to a tunnel. She found a torch mounted on the wall. She pulled the scroll from her pocket and held it up to the fire’s light to find her location and discover where she needed to be. The path on the scroll illuminated. “Ah-ha. I must be...here,” she whispered as she saw the path lighting up on the map. Her eyes followed it on the scroll. She watched it travel to another place and whispered, “That should be where the piece of coral is. Right there!” She stuffed the scroll back into her pocket, grabbed the torch off the wall, and began cautiously running, not excited about running on the frozen surface.
She stopped for a moment when thundering crashes, battle cries, and sounds of agony outside the walls fell on her ears. Though she did not know who or what the noises were, the hideous vibrations drove her to hasten her search for the elemental piece. I just want to get it and get out of here! She skated her feet across the ice as fast as she could. 
Shadows slid across the walls up ahead on the path she knew she needed to take. She thought, What should I do? Maybe I should take another tunnel. As the shadows drew closer she decided to veer off her chosen path. 
The alternate tunnel she chose began to narrow with every step. 
“NEI, NEI, NEEEIII!” Arrowanna shouted as the flame on her torch unexpectedly went out. She inwardly corrected herself for blurting out like that, but she could not help it. She heaved the smoldering piece of wood as hard as she could. She thought she heard the fading sound of the unusable torch banging off the walls. But no, the sound was coming from beneath her.
She squeezed her eyes shut, then she blinked them several times until they adjusted to the dim light. She gasped then whispered, “What are these holes in the floor? Oh, how I wish Torleik were here. I’ll bet he’d know firsthand. Or maybe even better yet, little brainiac Meilí would probably know without ever having been here. Actually, right now, I’d take both of them. And Erland. Trygve wouldn’t be bad either. Oh what am I doing here all alone? Why me?”
She had herself in a panic when she saw her pocket glowing. She pulled out the scroll and watched it adjust to her current location. She took note of the new route that appeared then put the scroll back in her pocket and waited for her eyes to adjust again. She looked around and honed in on the new direction. She took off running, completely forgetting about being on ice. Her screams echoed through the caverns when she slipped and dropped down one of the holes. She felt her backside hit an icy surface, and then she went sliding, whooshing left and right as she zipped down a glass-like chute, her fingertips burning from the extreme cold as she used her hands to try and steady her ride. The slide came to an end, but not her ride. She dropped from the edge of the icy slide and began a free-fall, gyrating in the air, trying to get her bearings so she would be right side up. She noticed a colorful piece of coral that lit up as she dropped past it.
Arrowanna’s fall came to an abrupt end. She hit the ice hard, mentally thanking her bunad for softening the blow as best it could. She grabbed the scroll to see if what she thought had been the elemental piece proved to be correct. She looked at the scroll, then up. She whispered, “That’s it all right. Now what do I do? I’m nowhere near tall enough to reach that, I don’t even think Mikillbjarg would have been tall enough. And I don’t think I can climb an ice wall.” She looked back at the scroll, rolled it up, sighed, and put it away.
“Perhaps I can help you up, my fine lady.”
Arrowanna heard what sounded like sandpaper raking across a rough surface. She turned, and her eyes grew wide. “Who are you?” Her voice was barely a whisper.
“My name is Poe. We’ve been expecting you here in the Abyss.”
Arrowanna felt her skin turn clammy. She glanced up, relieved to find the elemental piece had doused its light, but puzzled to see Torleik hanging on a ledge about twenty feet above her. Quickly she looked back at Poe. She watched him look up, but she kept her eyes on him, assured Torleik could handle himself.
Poe said, “I don’t know how you think you’re going to get away. You can’t go up...” He stepped a bit closer. “...and you certainly can’t get out. Seems I’m in the way.” 
His wicked, deep, wet laugh horrified Arrowanna. Sarcastically she said, “But I wasn’t looking for a way out.” She could have kicked herself for saying that.
“Then you must have been looking for something...” Poe cut his eyes upward then back down “...up there?” His rotted lips cracked when he smiled. He licked them. She now knew what the sandpaper sound had been. He put his face right in Arrowanna’s.
BANG! CRASH! SCREECH! The wall behind Arrowanna exploded, knocking her and Poe across the room. Water rushed through the unexpected gaping hole and with it, Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army. Chasing behind them were hundreds of Draugar, some swimming on their own, others riding giant frenzy eels and enormous spiny-back rays, all only recognizable to Arrowanna by the descriptions Meilí had shared with her from the Miniscule Notes. The water engulfed Arrowanna, and she cheered when she returned to mermaid form.
The next sight startled her. She saw the captive Planet Water inhabitants bursting from icy cells. They swam hastily away from the battle. Instinctively Arrowanna shouted, “Go! Swim for your lives! Go to your homes!” She hoped they had the strength to survive the icy water.
Arrowanna spied Trygve coming toward her through the mayhem. She went whirling from an unseen force then felt herself being scooped up and realized Trygve was pulling her onto his seahorse. He sat her in front of him, grasped her with one arm, and kept his tight grip on the reins with the other. 
“Away!” Trygve shouted. “Away!” They sped, tumbling and rolling in the thrashing water on the mammoth seahorse. It righted itself and continued at high speed. 
Unaware of her surroundings and in a state of panic, Arrowanna shouted over her shoulder, “The coral piece! It was up high on an icy ledge, but now that the wall has burst into pieces, I’ve no idea where it might be!” Trygve did not answer. She turned her head to look at him but became keen to the intensity in his eyes before he turned and looked behind them. She assumed he was looking to see if any Draugar were gaining on them. 
Arrowanna tuned into her immediate surroundings and momentarily forgot about the coral piece. She grabbed the saddle horn tighter when she realized that they were in the midst of a gory, underwater battle.
28
The Briny Battle

Arrowanna shouted over her shoulder at the top of her lungs, “What’s happening?” She hoped this time Trygve would answer.
Trygve responded, “I can only tell you what I’ve heard thus far. Apparently the Draugar received word somehow you were here for the last piece of the Element. They are bound and determined they’re going to find that piece before you. That must be why SUL summoned Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army. He knew what awaited beneath the waves. But no time now for details, we must fight!” Trygve drew his +Ulfberh+t5 and readied the mighty blade in his hand.
Arrowanna startled even further when Torleik, sword in hand, pulled up alongside her on a seahorse and shouted, “Arrowanna I’m here! I’m okay! I am sooo glad to see you! It’s been so long! I can’t wait to see Sidra and Meilí! Now let’s conquer these lousy scum, get the elemental piece, and get back to the ship!” She heard Torleik yell a battle cry. She watched him nudge his colossal seahorse at the same time with his heels, and the seahorse and Torleik raced into the battle. The sight of him and his words confused her, but she blamed it on all of the chaos.
Arrowanna cringed at the unnerving sounds beneath the surface of the dark black depths. The deep battle cries of the Draugar polluted the water. The muffled clangs of battle axes and swords rang without ceasing. She never knew seahorses in distress could whinny so eerily; the wails of the immense water equine being slaughtered were deafening. The thudding of injured warriors meeting with the sandy bottom gave Arrowanna chills. She wanted to close her eyes and find her “happy place,” but she wanted even more to save her brothers and friends. Though she was confident that Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army were doing their best, she still feared the Draugar would prove to be too much for them, especially after what Meilí had told her about the necessary steps to bring a Draugr down. Her fear overtook her, and instead of being brave, she gave in. She held her hands over her ears and cried. Her thoughts were far from organized.
The dastardly sights seemed to happen in slow motion all around her. She wished Trygve had left her in the cave where she only had to fight one Draugr and not have to look on while warrior after warrior was cut down along with his screaming seahorse. She imagined herself standing at the almost-round window in her bedroom. Then it hit her. I’m not four anymore; I’m sixteen, and SUL has made me The Carrier. He obviously has faith in me; I can’t let Him down, nor can I pretend this is not happening. Her thought drove her to courage. I should not be cowering; I should be fighting and finding that Element. They’re depending on me. They’re fighting for me!
She broke free of Trygve’s grasp, swam beside him and shouted directly into his ear, “I’m going to find the coral piece! Keep up the good fight. I will see you back at the ship!” Before Trygve could catch her, she had glided out of sight.
Arrowanna remembered what Meilí had told her about only heroes being able to kill Draugar. She hoped with everything in her that Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army, along with Trygve and her brothers, were just that—heroes. Darting through and between the horrendous individual battles being fought, Arrowanna, choking on the Draugar’s black blood, made her way back to where she thought the coral piece should be. She fled to the icy, rocky chunk. There she saw Torleik clinging to the edge. As she drew nigh she could see the desperation on his face. “I’m here dear brother. Don’t let go! Did you lose your seahorse?” She received no answer. “Do you know where the Element is?”
Torleik, appearing to be confused, shook his head.
Arrowanna caught a glimpse of a small illumination among the shattered ice at the bottom of the sea. “There it is!” She dived toward it, Torleik following her, but his legs did not match the speed of her fins. She grabbed the piece of coral. As she turned, Torleik slammed into her. She went tumbling. Arrowanna spun and shouted at Torleik, “What is wrong with you? Come on, we’ve got to get back to the ship before the Draugar know I have this piece of coral.” She started to swim away but felt a piercing, painful hard jerk on her tail fins. The coral piece slipped from her grasp. She rolled. Torleik had disappeared, and she saw a slaughter shark with her tail in its mouth. No matter how hard she tugged and pulled, Arrowanna could not escape its razor-sharp teeth. Her newfound courage became short-lived. Involuntarily she shouted for Erland, blood once again gushing into the water.
“Arrowanna! I’m coming!”
In ecstatic disbelief she watched as her dear Erland morphed into the bear and took a bite out of the slaughter shark’s side causing it to let go of her fins. She dashed as fast as she could toward the piece of coral, blood pouring from her tail. She reached out and took the piece of coral, but before she could tuck it away safely a Draugr climbed over her back and latched onto her. Not knowing what else to do, she bit the wicked dead Viking’s arm. It did not seem to faze the Draugr. Instead, it pulled its arm back in what appeared to be preparation for a tremendous blow to Arrowanna. She flipped herself around to avoid the Draugr’s mighty arm, and in so doing, the piece of coral went flying from her hand. Another Draugr snatched the coral piece and swam away.
Arrowanna and her attacker raced toward the second Draugr and made a simultaneous pounce on the coral thief. Arrowanna watched the piece of coral squirt out from beneath them. Pinned between the two Draugar, she wiggled, reached for the coral, and missed, her bloodied tailfins flipping profusely in hopes of kicking up enough sand to cause both Draugar to choke. She dug her hands into the sand trying to pull herself to the coral piece. The Draugr on top of her grabbed her shoulders, keeping her from reaching it. The Draugr beneath her began to rise. Riled, she began snapping at the withering fingers curled over her shoulders. The taste made her gag, but she did not stop. She clamped her jaws down harder each time. She saw the Draugr beneath her reach for the piece of coral, and with all of her might she flipped her tail and clobbered him in the back of his head. His face met the gritty sea floor, and he went limp. The Draugr on top lost his grip enough for her to escape. She grabbed the piece of coral and fled.
In only a few seconds Arrowanna felt herself being smashed into the sand. Another Draugr. Again the piece of coral went shooting through the water. She felt the Draugr put all of his weight on his elbow in her back as he slunk over her. She managed to roll over and swim out from under him, beating him to the prize. She grabbed it and saw the Draugr’s decaying fingers reach from behind her and wrap around her hand. The stabbing of his splintered bones caused her to let loose the coral once more. Before she could move to get it back in her possession, the Draugr pinned her tail fins to the sand with the handle of his battleaxe. He tightened his gnarly legs on each side of her and sat on top of her. He bore down with enough force she felt the air burst from her gills. His weight did not allow for another breath to enter her lungs. She struggled, figuring SUL’s plan was going to fail because of her demise.
She put forth one last effort in another attempt to free herself of him. Unsuccessful, she went limp and felt a calming sensation come over her. The dark water around her became a serene aqua blue. Somehow, even in the darkness, she found it strange to see light rays piercing through the water’s surface. She wanted to swim toward the beams, they seemed so peaceful and inviting.
BAM! The Draugr who was suffocating her went tumbling through the water. She gasped for air. The light rays extinguished, and the peaceful feeling left Arrowanna; vim and vigor took its place. She pushed herself up from the sand, turned and saw Erland, the bear, devouring the Draugr. She hoped the dead Viking would not come back to life ever again. 
Arrowanna took advantage of the moment, grabbed the piece of coral, secured it deep in her hair, and headed for the ship, opting for the shortest route, fully aware it would take her back through the battle. She did not know if she had it in her to conquer the journey, but in her heart she could hear Charleo telling her she could do it. She swam head on, back into the fracas. It seemed as though time slowed as she swam through the frightening and depressing bloody scene. The circling slaughter sharks on the outskirts of the battle, waiting to grab an easy meal, made her uneasy. A giant seahorse that had met a horrible fate came floating down, bumping into her tail on its way to the bottom.
Arrowanna could hear Trygve and Torleik fighting with all of their might. Erland’s growling slowly faded behind her; she hoped he would be at the ship when she returned. Already overwhelmed at the sights and sounds, the shrill cries from the frenzy eels and spiny-back rays heightened her terror. Their shrieking echoes were like none she had ever experienced. She kept her mind on Sidra to help her alleviate thoughts of the horrendous battle. She found herself having to wrestle her own extreme mix of emotions. 
The surrounding fighting went on and on with each inch of her journey to the ship, and Arrowanna felt herself growing weary. She wanted to throw the coral far away, swim as fast as she could back to the safety of the ship, and forget everything about being The Carrier. But it seemed as though she had come to a floating stop and could not take her eyes off the mayhem. The noise intensified, and the vision of fallen seahorses being feasted upon by the Draugar were making her wonder why SUL would ever allow such things to happen. She did not know how to handle it, and she could not move. Her compassionate side had never reached such a level. This helpless feeling is more than I can bear, she thought.
At that moment Gardarr8 Svavarsson rode up beside Arrowanna and said, “Fear not, only believe. For you see, I and those who fight with me cannot die. We are wightlings, heroes from Maycly. We have already suffered death on Earth and have been reunited with our spirits on Maycly. We fought the battle of Good and Evil on Maycly, and we won. What you’re witnessing at this very moment is what the crafty, mind-altering Draugar want you to see. Their evil is powerful over your mind. Let me show you what is truly going on.”
Gardarr8 Svavarsson raised his hand and sword and waved it in an arc before Arrowanna. The water changed to the tranquil aqua blue she had experienced earlier, and she saw the Draugar of the Abyss being slain; they were burning under the water. She heard the Draugar growling and snarling while the wightling heroes brought them to their final end.
Gardarr8 Svavarsson said, “Don’t give up. Your people need you. Now go, knowing we will be together again on Maycly. And don’t give in to the evil you think you see when you’re near the Draugar. Stay focused on SUL and trust in Him. He will guide you on your path. Let these wicked creatures of Evil be cast aside; do not let them cloud your vision.” The wightling waved his sword in an opposite arc, and the frightening scene returned to Arrowanna. “To the ship! Now go!”
Arrowanna made certain the coral she had put in her hair remained secure. Scared, she darted away. Not wanting to give in to the fear, and knowing she had come so far, she made up her mind to trust SUL with everything she had left inside. It took some doing, but she escaped the battle, eluding the Draugar.
She was able to swim unscathed through the slaughter sharks and could not wait to be back on Seior Eik4. She hoped with all her heart that Erland would be there when she returned.
29
Back on Top of the World

Arrowanna burst from the darkness and laid eyes on Seior Eik4, Meilí being the first one she saw on deck. He was hanging on tightly, shivering, his legs still outstretched from the ship. Next she saw Charleo leaping for joy. She finally saw Sidra running with Parexo, Jit, and Giddy. “Sis! I’m back!” Arrowanna shouted. When she slid onto the deck her mermaid form quickly disappeared. She grabbed Sidra and hugged her oh-so-very tightly. “I’m so glad to see all of you!”
Meilí started to get up. “Nei!” Arrowanna shouted. She ran to Meilí and pushed him back down so his legs would not come onto the ship. “Thank goodness I caught you just in time.” She could feel the cold coursing through him, so she wrapped him in her arms.
“There’s a horrible battle being fought out there in the darkness, and Gardarr8 Svavarsson needs his army. Don’t pull your legs in until everyone is back on this ship safe and sound." Arrowanna collapsed from exhaustion. She lay on the deck, growing wearier as each second passed. 
“Did ye say somethin’ ‘bout a battle?” Charleo questioned.
Panting through her gills Arrowanna answered, “Já. A very big, gruesome, bloody battle.” She took a few seconds to calm down. “But I’ve learned something very important. And I would never have learned it if Gardarr8 Svavarsson were not there to show me." Exhausted, Arrowanna tried to push herself up on one elbow but could not. “I had come to my end. I felt like I couldn’t swim another stroke. I was becoming faint from the sights and sounds. Then, Gardarr8 Svavarsson pulled up beside me and waved his magic sword. It was magic from Maycly, I just know it. He showed me that if I trust SUL even further, the Draugar will not have any power over my mind.” She had made the mistake of saying the “D” word in front of Skapraun—he went nuts and climbed up to the crow’s nest, as far away from them as he could get. His soft growling continued.
Arrowanna went on, “I was seeing everyone in Gardarr8 Svavarsson’s army dying. But when he waved his sword, I saw what was really happening. I learned that Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army were all heroes on Maycly, so they were able to kill the Draugar by the masses.” She gingerly moved her hands to her head and pulled the piece of coral from her hair. Then she removed the scroll from her pocket. She asked Charleo to put them with the other pieces of coral below deck so they would be safe until they reached their next destination. His fast-paced waddling made everyone smile, even Arrowanna. 
Charleo returned and exclaimed. “A battle, eh? That be amazin’. That’d mean we be free of those lousy Draugar once and fer all. Hail ta Gardarr8 Svavarsson!” Everyone responded with a cheer of victory. Charleo asked, “Where be Torleik and Trygve?”
Jit sped over and said, “We’ve not seen them yet. But I’m sure they’ll be here any...”
Sidra pointed. “Torleik! Trygve!” 
Jit said, “They’ll be here right now.” He did a loop-d-loop and went to meet them, the cold water slowing him down.
Arrowanna pushed herself up and said, “But where’s Erland?” 
There was silence.
Then she saw him pierce through the black water and stumble onto the ship. Despite her exhaustion, she went to him and threw her arms around him. She felt him flinch.
“Easy there girl. I’ve got a few scrapes and cuts.”
Arrowanna went around to his back and saw blood seeping from his shirt. She began to tear pieces of cloth from her coat to temporarily dress the wounds until they could return to the air. She remained calm and whispered to him, “Don’t panic. But there’s a good chance your blood could be attracting slaughter sharks. Stay as still as possible so you don’t bleed any more than you have to. I’m doing my best to fix you up as fast as I can, and it looks like Charleo is doing the same for Trygve. Plus we need to wait for Gardarr8 Svavarsson to make certain he’s okay.”
Relieved, Arrowanna was glad to see Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army approach the ship. Arrowanna speedily finished dressing the last wound and took Erland with her to the side of the ship next to Meilí, who kept his legs over the edge. It made her nervous that Erland was still bleeding somewhat through the dressings. She knew they needed to be up in the air as soon as possible, but nonetheless was extremely happy to see Gardarr8 Svavarsson.
When Gardarr8 Svavarsson came to a floating halt Arrowanna looked in awe. She said to him, “You lost no one in the battle. You’re all here, aren’t you?”
Gardarr8 Svavarsson nodded and said, “We are.”
Arrowanna said, “It’s amazing when you put your trust in SUL and are able to see what is real when Evil tries to trick you.”
“It is indeed.” Gardarr8 Svavarsson smiled then called for Trygve. Trygve, in spite of his wounds, bravely hobbled toward the edge of Seior Eik4 and said, “Yes sir, Gardarr8 Svavarsson, how may I be of help?”
Gardarr8 Svavarsson replied, “I am in no need of your help. I want to give you praises on being such a precise swordsman.” Arrowanna saw Trygve blush. Gardarr8 Svavarsson continued, “The sword you carry…I recognize it from my time on Earth. I saw very few of them in my day, but the few I saw always caught my eye with their exquisite craftsmanship. It is an +Ulfberh+rt5, no doubt?”
Trygve stood a notch straighter, beamed and said, “Yes sir. It is an +Ulfberh+rt5. It’s mine from Earth; a humbling gift from SUL here on Planet Water.” 
“I want to commend you on a battle well fought. The way you fight brings much honor to that particular sword.”
“Thank you sir. And may I say, it is an honor receiving a compliment like that from someone such as yourself.”
Arrowanna quietly said, “Trygve, Gardarr8 Svavarsson, I don’t mean to cut your praises short, however the slaughter sharks are circling tighter and tighter. They are attracted to the blood. I’m so sorry, but we must say our goodbyes to you and your army in confidence knowing we will see you in the future on SUL’s new Earth.” She muttered under her breath, “…that is if I can get the Element into place on time.”
“Far be it from me to cause SUL’s great plan to fail. My work here is done. I have no more need for my sword; perhaps you will.” Gardarr8 Svavarsson handed his sword to Trygve. “I will see you all very soon!” Gardarr8 Svavarsson turned toward Charleo and saluted. Arrowanna’s heart warmed when she watched a proud Charleo return the same. 
Arrowanna and the others waved; Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his troops waved back. Then Arrowanna said, “Meilí, pull your legs in now. And thank you for hanging on as long as you did. You’re to be commended.”
“Thank you, Meilí!” shouted Gardarr8 Svavarsson. “You did an outstanding job. You’ve made SUL proud!”
Meilí waved one last wave then stood, stiff-legged, and Gardarr8 Svavarsson and his army faded away. Meilí hugged his sister, though Arrowanna did not see him sticking his tongue out at Erland.
Trygve tapped Meilí on the shoulder. “Here is your +Ulfberh+t5 back. Thank you for letting me use it.”
“Why wouldn’t I, it really is yours. You can carry it if you want. In fact I’ll even give you your brother’s as well.” Meilí reached to unlatch the other sheath from his belt.
Trygve put his hand on Meilí’s. “No, I still find it an honor to have you carry them for me.” Trygve handed Meilí the +Ulfberh+t5, and Arrowanna watched Meilí hesitate, then take it without question. She was proud of her little brother for acting like a man for the moment.
Meilí looked up into Trygve’s big eyes and said, “And I’ll always find it an honor to have sailed with a Viking.” Meilí put out his hand, and Trygve gave him a hand shake—though it was more like an entire arm shake.
“Let’s get a move on guys, those sharks aren’t slowing their pace any,” Arrowanna said.
No one hesitated in their duties to prepare the ship for its rise to the surface. Charleo gave the command, and up they sailed, Arrowanna making a conscious effort to hang onto Sidra. The crushing jaws of the sharks chomped through the blood toward them, but when the ship reached the surface, Arrowanna cheered when she heard them slam into the hull. She and the others smiled at the sight of the stunned creatures floating to the surface. “Onward!” she shouted.
Seior Eik4 picked up speed toward what Arrowanna hoped would be her home island where the castle rose high above the waters. “Okay. Let’s get you below deck and get those cuts taken care of properly,” she said to Erland.
Sidra made a mad dash to follow them. Charleo caught her by the arm and softly said, “Let’s be allowin’ the two of ’em ta have some time alone, whadda ye say? How ‘bout ye and me go a-headin’ ta the helm with the Sprites and Parexo and see what we can see from there.” Sidra’s face scrunched, but she nodded just the same. Charleo walked Sidra to the helm and let her and the Sprites steer, even though Seior Eik4 could steer herself.
30
Be Who He May

Arrowanna hated to hear Erland groaning with each touch of the cleansing cloth. She told him to hold still and it would not hurt as much. Erland tried, but she could still feel him pulling away. “The good news is, none of the wounds need sealing. They should grow back together just fine.” Arrowanna sensed her loving tone calming Erland a notch more.
She cleaned up her first aid station and returned to Erland’s side. Together they peered out the porthole across the water. They watched as Seior Eik4 gently listed to starboard and sailed past a group of floating islands lingering on their way toward the darkness. They could hear the beautiful soft music being emitted by the rolling surf.
Erland turned, looked into in Arrowanna’s eyes, and spoke her name. Her heart skipped a beat from his heartwarming tone, wondering what lovely thing he would say. “Já?”
“There’s something I must tell you.” Erland took her hand in his. 
Arrowanna felt butterflies in her stomach. “Whatever it is, you don’t need to be afraid to tell me.” She was certain he would profess his love for her and his desire to be with her always.
“It’s about Torleik.”
Arrowanna dropped his hand and said, “Torleik?" She grinned a sheepish smile. “What about him? He’s just a boy.”
Erland put his finger to her lips. “Shhh. He must not hear what I’m saying.”
Arrowanna felt the butterflies in her belly turn into pinching beetles. “Oh, I get it. You’re going to tell me how great he was in battle, and you don’t want him to hear because he’ll get a big head—okay, bigger—than he already has.” She giggled.
“Well, I can’t lie, he was very good in battle. In fact, too good.”
“What do you mean by that? How can anybody be too good in battle? I know he’s a brute, but come on. I think those wounds drained some of your smarts. That just sounds silly.” She took Erland’s hand again. “I saw him fighting too, when you weren’t with him. And I agree he’s good.”
“Listen to me. Bring your ear to my lips and I’ll whisper.”
Arrowanna looked long and hard at him before she fulfilled his request. She pulled her hair back and leaned in, placing her ear as close to his lips as she could without touching them.
Erland whispered, “The Torleik on this ship is the changeling that Charleo spoke of. The one who dashed across the treetops. Think about it. Trygve and I are wounded because we’re mortal.”
Arrowanna jerked back and gasped. She slapped Erland across the face, and whispered, “How dare you call my brother a changeling. They’re pure Evil! I know Torleik has some weird ways, but he’s not Evil. And besides, how would you know that? You don’t know that for sure. I think turning into that bear is making you crazier by the minute.”
“It’s because I turn into the bear. That’s how I know.”
“Oh, and that’s supposed to make even more sense? Why are you pulling this cruel joke on me? Can’t you see how upset it’s making me? Stop it.” She slapped him again. “Stop it right now.” She threw her head on his chest. “I’m sorry. I’m just so mixed up.” She wiped her eyes on his shirt.
Erland convinced her to look him in the eye. He said, “I know you don’t want to believe me. I don’t want to believe me. But it’s true. Bears have a good sense of smell. Torleik smells worse than the Draugar. The reason I disappeared for so long at a time was to try and find your real Torleik, but to no avail. I wanted to be sure before I told you, and I’m sure.” Erland pulled away from Arrowanna. “But in my searches, I did discover that the Draugar were using him to get to you. The changeling—the Torleik that has been with us—has been taking information to the Draugar. That is how they know where you are and what you’re doing.”
Arrowanna’s dreamy stare had turned into eyes of fire, now glaring at Erland. She said, “So you’ve been holding out on me and the others all this time. You left us in the presence of a changeling! Are you nuts? Sidra could have died!” she shout whispered.
Erland kept his cool and said, “Trust me, I kept an eye on all of them as best I could, and no one got hurt.”
“No, but they could have.” Arrowanna could not stop crying.
Erland explained further, “I know this is not the kind of news you’d ever want to hear, but time is of the essence, especially now. We must be very careful now that you hold all of the pieces of the Element. We cannot let them out of our sight.”
Arrowanna thought then said, “Do you suppose that’s why he’s been trying to talk me into letting him retrieve the coral pieces?”
“I’ve never been more certain.”
Arrowanna pondered, looking out of the porthole. She whispered, “This almost explains the Torleik I saw under the water. He was acting more like the Torleik I know. Perhaps it was the real him and he was freed when the walls burst. Oh why didn’t I help him?” She felt a lump build in her throat.
Erland pulled her closer and whispered, “Let’s hope that it was the real Torleik, and let’s hope he can find us. We sure don’t want the changeling Torleik around any longer.”
“But how can we get rid of the changeling? You heard what Charleo said. You can only turn a changeling to dust, and that’s only a temporary fix. Oh Erland, what are we going to do?”
“We’re going to turn him to dust every time he shows up. That’s all we can do. And when he reappears, then to dust he will go again...and again...and...”
“I get it. But what if you’re not with me? What if Charleo’s not with me? I don’t have a good aim; I’ll never get an arrow through his heart. I mean, where there’s supposed to be a heart.”
“That’s the beauty of the whole situation. I’ll be with you from here on out. There’s no need to find out what the Draugar are telling Torleik, or what his next move will be. I’ll be there to dust him every time.”
Arrowanna felt the ship slow its pace and assumed they were at the final island. Elated, she saw her house in the far distance on the shoreline and the castle standing tall above the colorful trees. “We’re almost there! We’re almost home! I only have one last duty to perform as The Carrier.” She jumped from beside the window and danced across the floor. “All I have to do is get to the castle, put the Element together, and get it into its location.” She stopped mid-step and looked at Erland. Her eyes grew wide, and she whispered in terror, “But what happens when I have to go into the castle, alone?”
Erland smiled and said, “We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
Arrowanna and Erland both jumped when Charleo shouted, “Get up here! E’eryone, be a-comin’ ta the helm!”
Erland must have forgotten about his wounds as he leaped to his feet and picked up Arrowanna. Together they met everyone by the ship’s wheel.
Charleo pointed and said, “Look, a-fallin’ from the sky!”
Jit and Giddy flew out of Charleo’s beard. Arrowanna heard them gasp when they saw the sight. Jit shouted, “It’s Thassalon! He’s hurt, and plummeting from the sky! Iona must be on the island. We have to help her. Charleo what do we do?”
Charleo stood in a stupor with his mouth gaping open.
Arrowanna frowned, and her bottom lip quivered. Erland put his arms around her.
31
More Than a Healing

Iona, mourning over her beautiful flying beast, Thassalon, listened to the tone of Wiskee’s growl and did not like it one bit. She stepped closer and noticed a spear protruding from Thassalon’s wing. 
Iona sniffed the spear and said to Wiskee, “From the smell, I think this spear has been soaked in something like creosote. It smells like Targrum. Ewww!” Wiskee growled deeper. Iona gently took the blunt end in her hand. “I’m just sure this is gonna hurt, Thassalon, but I have to get this out of you. It’s turning your blood into a black swill.” Iona bit her bottom lip in concentration. She jumped at the shouting voice that came from behind her. 
“Wait! Let me help you.” Devario came barreling through the forest. He was out of breath, but he continued, “We watched what happened from the tree house. Kelpie insisted I try to find you.”
“Well I certainly appreciate that.” She hugged him. “Do you know what that black stuff is?” Iona pointed at Thassalon’s wing, and with frightened eyes she asked, “And where that spear came from?”
Devario’s worried look scared Iona. She saw him swallow hard before he spoke. “The Draugar of the Abyss. That’s one of their spears. It’s been soaking in a dirty magic potion.”
“How do you know that for sure? Anyone could have soaked a spear in poison. Maybe it was just some kids fooling around. It can’t be dirty magic, that stuff ended with FAZ.” Iona wanted to be hopeful, but she knew better and was ashamed of her own words.
“I’m afraid not, Iona. When SUL created our small elemental planets from the chunks of Earth He scattered at the planet’s end, bits of Evil were embedded in them. Planet Water has bits of dirty magic, most of which are stored in the ice caves on the dark side of the planet, all from the walking dead Vikings of old—the Draugar.”
Iona remembered SUL had told her there would be Evil on all of the planets, but He did not know what kind or how much. One thing was certain; she knew now she did not want to mess with those undead Vikings if they were anything like FAZ. She knew she had to be brave. “I understand. I know what we’re up against.” She wiped a tear from her eye. “Please, tell me more about what happened. Did you see anything odd?”
Devario looked Iona in the eye and said, “We saw the spear launch from the darkness and magically seek its way to the wing of your friend here. We’ve got to get it out in the next few minutes or Thassalon’s blood will consume every last drop of the dirty magic it holds. And we don’t want that.”
“No, we don’t! I can’t let him die.” Iona reached for the spear, and Thassalon squealed.
“Oh, he wouldn’t die. He would become one of the Draugar’s own beasts, trained to seek and destroy their targets.”
“That can’t happen. It’s worse than death.” Iona’s heart sank, thinking about the etherealians, chukkons, and animals, Thassalon being one of them, who had suffered the same fate through Tarnnin’s horrendous doings on Maycly.
Iona tried to pull the spear from Thassalon’s wing. This time his curdling, shrill baying gave them all soft ears; Wiskee could not help himself and howled at the high pitch.
“Step back, Iona. Let me handle this.”
Iona stepped back and watched. Devario worked to remove the spear. Iona was certain Devario made every effort to cause as little pain as possible. The spear slid from Thassalon’s appendage, and Devario handed it to Iona. “There. Take a look at that. It’s not something you’ll see every day, and you should be thankful.”
Her heart skipped a beat. “I guess that’s not something you see every day...and yes, thank goodness.”
The spear, dripping with dirty magic, carried an unbearable stench. Iona gave it a closer look. She screamed. “The tip, it has eyes!”
“Then throw it down, now!” Devario slapped it from her hand. Iona took the liberty to stomp it into the ground. Then its rigid shaft twisted and curved, and came back up from the dirt. “What is it doing?”
“More dirty magic. It’s turning into a sea serpent. We have to stop it before it comes to full life.” Devario took out a machete. “Stand back!” He whirled it and in one swift maneuver cut off the spear’s pointed tip. It flew through the air from the force, grazed Iona on the face, and landed on the ground, still with a bit of life in it. 
“My face is burning!” Iona clutched her cheek as she tried to stomp on the wiggling spear head. 
“Wiskee, no!” Devario tried to capture Wiskee as he leaped into Iona’s arms but failed. Wiskee began licking the burning spot on Iona’s face. In seconds he went limp.
“No!” Iona shouted. “Devario. You’ve got to help Wiskee. Don’t let him become the Draugar’s property. Please!” 
Devario knew the poison would not take long to travel through Wiskee’s small body. He looked at Iona. Her face was getting paler by the second as her wound smoldered and grew. Iona could see the tension and fear on Devario’s face. She could tell he did not know who to help first. She muttered, "Thassalon is hopefully only half poisoned. He needs aid, but Devario, the large beast can hold its own until you can tend to Wiskee, then me.
In desperation he shouted as loud as he could, “HELP! Somebody help us!”
Sparkles shot toward Devario. He ducked when they raced over his head and straight to Iona. 
“Over here! Hurry!” a tiny voice shouted into the trees.
Half out of it, Iona said, “Jit? Giddy? Is that you?”
“It is.” They sped to her.
“Aye! It be the three of us!” Iona could not have been happier to see her dear friend Charleo waddling toward her, and Jit and Giddy, who were now hovering over her.
Iona got Devario’s attention. “You’ve got to help Wiskee and Thassalon. Go! Please. My other friends will tend to me.” Iona slumped, and Devario helped Charleo gently guide her to the ground, then Devario took off to help Wiskee.
Charleo put Iona’s head in his lap and whispered, trembling, “Dunna be crazy. Ye be the Queen of Maycly. We canna be a-losin’ ye ta the Draugar.” He sniffled as he rocked the lifeless queen.
Charleo jumped when Iona coughed and cringed from the pain on her cheek. He held her hand and looked at her yellowing eyes. Filled with trust he looked up at the trees. He closed his eyes and asked SUL inwardly for help.
In only a moment’s time Charleo spoke. “Jit. Giddy. Be a-gatherin’ the leaves and flowers from that tree that be a-glowin’ o’er there. Ye’ll need ta be addin’ yer sparkles ta them. Jit, ye be a-coverin’ Wiskee with a few of the leaves and flowers, and Giddy, ye be a-takin’ the rest ta Thassalon. Make sure he eats ’em all.” Jit and Giddy did not hesitate. 
Charelo reached into his satchel and pulled out a very small, oddly-shaped, glass bottle.
Iona forced her shaky words through her bluing lips, “What’s that?”
“It be water from the magic pond here on Planet Water.”
“Magic pond? How did you find a magic pond?”
“’Twas on our scroll SUL gave us when we left. He had written instructions ta be a-fillin’ this bottle when we passed by the pond, and He said I’d be a-knowin’ when I needed ta be a-usin’ the magic water.” Iona smiled. She felt relieved at Charleo’s calming voice. “Now be a-holdin’ still. I’ve only three drops.” Charleo pulled the tiny cork from the top, turned Iona’s head so her wound faced up, and let the three drops hit the open sore. Pleasant-smelling steam rose from the sizzling wound. Iona never flinched.
The wound healed in seconds. Iona’s eyes returned to their white and dark chocolate brown swirled color, her lips returned to their luscious pink, and she sat up and hugged Charleo. She caressed the golden scar on his cheek—the one he had received on the Day of Reckoning on Maycly. “Oh Charleo, you never let SUL down. You are amazing.”
Charleo blushed. He reached out and caressed Iona’s new golden scar. “Looks like we be a-havin’ the same kind of golden luck, eh?” 
She touched her scar at the same time she touched Charleo’s. “Are you kidding me?”
“Nae, I be not a-kiddin’ ye.” Charleo patted Iona’s hand on his cheek. “Look, o’er there.” Charleo pointed toward Thassalon, now standing tall. Wiskee, yapping with tail wagging, stood beside his miniature icataras on the mandib’s back. 
Thassalon barely got his wing to the ground before Iona’s running leap ended on his soft feathers. When she stepped from his wing to his back, her arms met Wiskee in midair as he jumped to greet her. She heard him yip and yowlie, figuring he was trying to shout, “Cannonball!” (a quirky favorite of his). Iona patted Spike on the head and rushed up Thassalon’s neck, taking a seat between his ears. She set Wiskee down and spread her arms, barely able to reach both of Thassalon’s ears at the same time to rub the tips. Elated to hear the mandib purring, Iona sensed a peace come over her; she sighed, knowing it was from Maycly. 
Charleo and the others gathered on the ground at Thassalon’s feet. Jit and Giddy flew above Devario and did a couple of loop-d-loops, dropping sparkles that tickled Devario’s nose; he sneezed. Iona handed a handkerchief to Giddy, and he flew it to Devario, who appeared annoyed, but he took it and blew his nose. Needless to say the hankie took on a glimmering appearance. He then took a deep breath and stomped his foot while looking at Charleo. “Why is Arrowanna not with you? Do you know where she is? Is she with her brothers? What about Sidra? Are they safe?”
Charleo hesitated. “Well...”
“What do you mean ‘well’? If you were sent to protect her, then why are you not protecting her?” Devario’s eyes widened, and his teeth clenched. Charleo stepped back when Devario made a fist.
Iona, quick to climb down Thassalon’s enormous leg, dashed to the scene.
“Easy, Devario.” Iona said then turned her attention to Charleo. “I’m sure Charleo can explain. Can’t you?”
Charleo removed his feathery admiral hat in respect of speaking to The Carrier’s father. “The last time we saw Arrowanna we were a-gettin’ ready ta be a-pullin’ onta shore and get Arrowanna inta the castle. Ye know, the castle we be not allowed ta enter?” Devario nodded. “When we heard and saw Thassalon a-fallin’ from the sky, the boys assured me they would take Arrowanna ta the castle and be a-waitin’ till she be inside, then they’d be a-waitin’ till she came out. Meilí said fer us ta come help Iona.”
“So did you see them leave for the castle?”
“No sir, I dinna exactly see ’em leave.”
“And that is supposed to make me feel better how?” Devario started toward Charleo with outstretched hands appearing to want to strangle the chukkon. Charleo reached for his bow and arrow. Iona stepped between them.
She gently pushed Devario’s hands down to his sides and said, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you. Chukkons can be pretty feisty at times. And, I know Charleo has done the right thing. He always has and always will. He never disappoints SUL.” She glared at Devario.
Charleo attempted to soften the air when he peeked around Iona and said, “But I do know that Sidra be a-ridin’ safe on Meilí’s shoulders, and they were gonna be a-headin’ ta the castle. And Sidra, Meilí, Torleik, Trygve, and Erland were supposed ta be a-headin’ home soon after the Element be put in its place.”
Devario thought for a moment then said, “Then everything should be fine. If Arrowanna is in the castle now, she’ll make it in time to place the Element.” Confusion cursed his face. “But wait, who are Trygve and Erland?”
“Some new friends we made along the way. But ye’ll be a-meetin’ ‘em at home, I’m sure. And if I know anythin’ ‘bout Arrowanna, it’s that she’ll be a-keepin’ up a steady pace ta get that Element in place. In time.” 
“Not so fast.” Iona looked at Charleo, who looked at Iona’s crown. When he saw the emerald still embedded in her crown she sensed his heart sink. Iona said to Devario, “I still have to get the secret piece to Arrowanna before she puts the elemental piece in place.” Iona pointed and said, “If the elemental piece does not contain this gem, its magic powers won’t work.”
“But how are you going to get into the castle if she’s already in there? Only the king, his court, and servants may enter...and The Carrier.” Devario paced, wringing his hands.
Iona stopped him mid-stride. “I’m a queen, aren’t I?”
“Yes.” He hung his head.
Iona pushed his chin back up so their eyes met, and she said, “Then we’ll see how much weight that carries when I get there if she’s already inside.” She turned to Charleo and said, “Anyone else up for a mandib ride?” Iona made a clicking sound against her cheek, and Thassalon lowered his large wing to the ground.
Charleo shouted, “Aye!” Iona laughed. She knew Charleo had no qualms about being first to hop aboard Thassalon’s extended wing. 
Devario backed up. “But...but...he’s so big. I’m a little scared. Actually a whole lot scared.”
Charleo extended his hand. “No need ta be scared...friend. Hop up onta his wing, and he’ll be a-doin’ the rest.”
“Wait for me!”
Iona looked through the trees and saw Kelpie coming to join them.
Kelpie and Devario collided in each other’s arms.
“It’s too dangerous out here for you, Kelpie. You need to be back at the house, waiting for all of us to return safely."
“Oh, Devario, when will you ever learn I can’t stay away from you any length of time.” Kelpie hugged her husband again.
Iona said, “Glad to have you with us, Kelpie. But we must hurry.” Iona hopped on next and extended an extra helping hand to Devario, who stepped up cautiously. He, in turn, reached out to assist Kelpie. Kelpie grabbed hold of Devario, who took hold of Charleo when Thassalon’s large wing lifted. Iona and the others had a smooth ride up, then they hopped onto Thassalon’s back. Sparkles rained as Jit and Giddy joined them. Wiskee yapped. He had been assigned the duty of watching for any more flying spears and warning Iona if he saw one headed their way. Spike purred and cooed when Iona patted his head.
“To the castle?” Iona asked.
“To the castle!” everyone shouted in unison.
Iona snapped the reins. “Hyah!” Thassalon took to the sky, and Iona guided him to make a beeline for the castle’s entrance. 
32
Triumph Does Not Come without Tragedy

Arrowanna secured the coral pieces and the scroll in her pocket. She and the others disembarked.  When they broke through the edge of the forest and met with a steep, high cliff wall shooting into the sky, Arrowanna stopped. The castle was perched at the very top. She reached out and touched the jagged surface. “I’ve never been this close to Castle Peak before.” She tilted her head back. “It sure is a long way up to the castle.”
“Why don’t we go back to Seior Eik4 and get her to fly us up there?” Sidra asked. Arrowanna smiled at Parexo squeaking in agreement.
Meilí delivered the unwanted news. “I’m afraid Seior Eik4 only flies with Charleo on board.”
Arrowanna pulled the heavy rope and hook from her shoulder. She handed it to Torleik and asked him to throw it upward. In case this was not the real Torleik, she did not want him thinking she knew anything about him being a changeling. With one easy toss, the rope wrapped around a solid stone and the hook made a spin and latched itself to the rope.
Arrowanna took Trygve by the arm. “Trygve, would you give it a hard pull? Someone your size is a good test before I go climbing.”
While Trygve tested the rope, Arrowanna pulled Erland aside to question him. “How do we know which Torleik is which?” She watched Erland put his nose in the air and shudder at the scent. She said, “Well, based on your response, obviously this one isn’t the real one. But just because you can smell the difference doesn’t mean I’m comfortable leaving Sidra and you guys alone with him.”
She looked up again. “I don’t know if I can even climb those rocks. I mean I’ve done hard stuff on the other islands, but let’s face it, I’m wearing down.” Arrowanna held out her marred hands, and Erland cringed.
“I see what you mean." Erland softly kissed her hands. “Let me think a bit.”
“We don’t have a bit. We have to decide now.” 
Arrowanna looked back at Trygve yanking on the rope. He said, “It seems to be holding fine Arrowanna. It’s ready when you are.”
“Okay!” Arrowanna shouted. She sighed then said to Erland, “I have to do this, don’t I?” His silent stare held the answer. She closed her eyes, her hands in his, and said, “Please be very careful. I’ve got a bad feeling about all of this.” She kissed him, not caring who saw. She relished the fact he kissed her back and held her tighter than ever.
Arrowanna left Erland and went to the rope. She thought trusting SUL to walk across the canyon with no bridge had been tough! Looking into Sidra’s eyes as Torleik held her tiny hand made Arrowanna sick to her stomach. Arrowanna, happy to see Erland step up behind the foul Torleik, said, “Well, here goes nothing. I hope I can make it.”
“You can do it Sis!" Meilí shouted.
Arrowanna turned, double-checked the elemental pieces in her pocket, and took hold of the rope. Looking up, she gave a tug (for peace of mind); a few grains of sand and gravel met her cheeks. She planted her feet on the cliff’s surface and pulled herself up a few feet. She continued without incident until she reached the tied-off rope and hook.
Elated, she pulled herself up onto a ledge and saw that the ledge appeared to be a winding path lined sparsely with trees that encircled the rising point, all the way to the castle. Yay. No more climbing, she thought. 
Arrowanna turned and looked down. “Really? This can’t be happening,” she whispered with nervous breath. Meilí and the others were nowhere in sight. Arrowanna watched for any movement in the trees, but saw nothing. Maybe Charleo and the Sprites came and got them and they’re all safe back on Seior Eik4. I hope Torleik, or whoever he is, didn’t do something horrible. She felt her skin begin to crawl and grow clammy. She waited as long as she thought she could for them to reappear, then decided to trust SUL to take care of them. She knew deep within that getting the Element in place had to be her first priority. She started her final ascent around Castle Peak’s circling path, noticing the path narrowing the higher she went. I certainly hope this path doesn’t narrow to nothing before I get to the top. Concentration on maintaining her footing kept her mind off her siblings and friends.
A rush of wind, mightier than Seior Eik4, blasted around the peak. Arrowanna’s golden locks straightened from the blow, and she grimaced when she grabbed a sharp branch to hang onto. Frightened to a new height, she closed her eyes to keep out the whirling debris strewn in the air. A voice she had not heard for a long time shouted, “Arrowanna! We found you!”
Arrowanna squinted her eyes open. “Meemaw!” she shouted.
Kelpie responded, “Thanks to Thassalon here, we made it.”
Arrowanna watched the big creature appear to take a bow. “Who’s with you? Is that Poppie? Who’s the other girl?”
“I’m here!” Devario yelled. “And the other girl is Queen Iona, from Maycly! She has something for you.”
Arrowanna watched Iona guide Thassalon close to the cliff wall, and she saw the giant creature dig in with his claws. She stood perfectly still, perplexed and happy in the same breath, surprised to see everyone. The thundering of Thassalon’s wings as Arrowanna watched him get his balance on the side of the peak caused her eyes to water. The debris cleared, and she could see Devario and Kelpie much better. She scoffed inwardly when she looked at the changeling Torleik, still holding Sidra’s hand, but found his behavior suitable for the time being.
“Tie the hook-end around a sturdy tree and throw me your rope, Sis!” Meilí shouted.
Arrowanna said, “Haven’t we done this before?” She giggled nervously. When she finished tying the rope she tossed the loose end to Meilí. “Be careful!” she shouted when Meilí stumbled. The rope sailed, and Arrowanna saw Meilí grab it from the air. He tied it to the saddle horn on Spike. 
“Do you have a piece of cloth you can use to zip-line over here to Thassalon?” Meilí hollered. 
Arrowanna checked her clothing, but found no more shreds hanging. She thought for a moment. I sure hate to tear up Grandmódir’s1 bunad any further. It’s been through so much, and she trusted me with it. Knowing time continued to pass quickly, she pulled up her skirt bottom and ripped a piece off with her teeth. She threw the piece of cloth over the rope and slid her way to the mandibleron gryphon’s back.
Wiskee yapped when she landed safely right beside him and Spike. Arrowanna jumped. “I didn’t know we had a dog?”
“We don’t." Kelpie laughed. “It’s Queen Iona’s. His name is Wiskee. She says he can even talk on Maycly, but nowhere else. It’s kind of funny to watch him try and tell you something when all that’s coming out are yaps and yowlies.” 
Arrowanna thought Wiskee sported an expression of frustration mixed with humiliation on his face for a brief moment. She patted his head and said, “Well, talking or not, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Wiskee.” Wiskee pawed at her hand. She leaned down when he stood on his hind legs, and he gave her a kiss.
“And Queen Iona...” Arrowanna bowed. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. I never thought I’d see you until I got to Maycly. You’re more beautiful than I ever imagined.” 
“The pleasure’s all mine.” Iona returned a curtsy. “But we have to get up to the castle entrance. I suggest you grab onto someone and hang on.” Iona turned and shouted, “Meilí, is the rope undone yet?”
“Já! Go!”
“Hyah!” Iona shouted the command, and Thassalon took off, straight up.
Arrowanna could see Seior Eik4 floating in the distance. She could not stop thinking about all they had been through. She winced at the thought of the overwhelming responsibility that still lay ahead for her. She kept a close eye on Torleik, along with Erland. She knew that she, Erland, Trygve, and Meilí, even together, could not kill the changeling. She tried to be as discrete as possible when she checked to find the exact spot a heart should be. 
“Looking for something in particular?” Torleik asked.
“Oh! Nei! It’s just really good to see everyone. And the wind from flying so fast, straight up, it’s making my eyes weird. You know.” Arrowanna, quick to change her focus to Erland, saw Erland sniff and nod, letting her know the Torleik they were flying with was still, indeed, the changeling.
In no time Arrowanna and the others had reached the castle entrance.
Iona said to Arrowanna, “We’ll look for the best spot to land.” Iona had Thassalon circle the castle a few times. “I have a gem that I must give you to put in the Element before you put the Element in its place. So do not lose sight of me once we land.”
Arrowanna nodded, confirming Iona’s orders. Then with a jolt and a few bumps she felt Thassalon coming to a halt.
“Let us on your wing, Thassalon,” Iona said.
Arrowanna wondered just how Thassalon had landed as smoothly as he had without ripping off his wings among the trees.
Iona motioned for Arrowanna and all the others to climb aboard the mandib’s wing. The massive wing lowered and everyone stepped off. Iona took Arrowanna by the hand and led her to the castle entrance, the others following close behind.
When they reached the castle Arrowanna turned to make sure everyone had followed without incident. She panicked. “Where’s Torleik?”
“I’m here!”
“No, I’m here!”
Arrowanna looked to the right and saw two Torleiks standing next to each other. They mimicked each other in expressions and motions. 
Much to Arrowanna’s disliking, Erland had disappeared. She saw Sidra clutched tightly to Kelpie’s bunad in one hand and Devario’s hand in the other; the sound of her crying put Arrowanna on edge. Charleo drew an arrow, and the Sprites hovered with their mouths hanging open. Meilí drew both swords and tossed one to Trygve; they took a stance, ready to strike. Wiskee, still on the lookout for incoming spears, growled from Spike’s back. 
Arrowanna whispered. “Now what do I do?” She squeezed Iona’s hand so tightly, Iona grimaced.
Iona wanted to call to Thassalon to wipe the changeling away, but knew it would be impossible because the two Torleiks were standing so close to each other.
“I knew it! I knew there be a changelin’ amongst us, I just wasna sure who, but I could smell one. They’ve a stench all their own, I be a-tellin’ ye.” Charleo took a few steps forward. 
Arrowanna stiffened. 
Charleo asked, “So which one of ye be the real Torleik?” He pushed his bow and arrow forward, his strength showing in his muscle-bulging arms. “And dunna be a-makin’ a mistake in a-tellin’ me, b’cause I be not afraid ta let this arrow fly ta find out if ye be a-tellin’ the truth.” 
Arrowanna could only hope Charleo knew what he was doing, and when she could not stand the silent tension any longer she shouted. “Charleo! Don’t shoot either of them. You can’t be sure which one is which, even if they tell you.” Arrowanna longed for Erland, as she knew he would sniff out the right one. Oh where is he? She knew Charleo would not back down, not now.
Arrowanna noticed no one moving. Then Devario stepped up to the plate and said to Charleo, “What are these changelings you speak of?”
Charleo had no problem being quick to answer, though he spoke slowly. “They be lousy scum from Maycly’s Evil days who can be appearin’ as anyone or anythin’ they desire. Ask Meilí fer the details. But do it later. We be a-havin’ our hands full right now.” He inched closer to the Torleiks.
Arrowanna could tell by the look in Devario’s eye that he wanted to prove to be a strong father, not a confused old man. He said, “Certainly I can tell my own son from an impostor.”
Before Charleo could let an arrow fly, the changeling-Torleik morphed and spoke. “Ah, my wee little Charleo. We meet again.”
“Lucasphair. Ye sickenin’ wrecker of Good. Stand back. I’ll be a-dustin’ ye so fast ye willna know what hit ye.”
Lucasphair pushed Charleo’s bow and arrow downward, away from his vulnerable spot. “And we meet again on such horrendous terms.” Lucasphair lowered his head, and Charleo spit in his face. Luscasphair jerked back and up. “I see you haven’t changed your mind about me. And why ever would you want to dust me?” 
Arrowanna did not like Lucasphair’s cunning tone.
From the expressions she saw on everyone’s faces, Arrowanna could tell Lucasphair’s syrupy voice made them uneasy as he said, “All I want is simply to take the elemental pieces from The Carrier and place them in the castle myself.” 
Meilí spit his words, “You can’t do that! It has to be Arrowanna!”
Lucasphair laughed himself into a wheeze. “And just how are you going to stop me? You’re nothing but a pathetic little runt of a boy.”
A ruckus kicked up beside them in the trees. “Erland!” Arrowanna shouted. Erland, in bear form, appeared with Draugar and grumners on his tail. He bolted from the trees and into the middle of the crowd. Arrowanna saw him rise onto his back legs and begin swinging his giant paws at the Draugar.
Lucasphair dipped his left shoulder in time to escape Charleo’s released arrow. Arrowanna watched Charleo chase Lucasphair into the woods. She screamed when she saw her mother and father dart beneath Thassalon for safety, taking Sidra and Parexo with them. She screamed again when the grumners tauntingly encroached on their easy prey; her parents and sister had nowhere to run.
Thassalon’s booming steps could be felt through the ground as he tried to stomp on the grumners. Arrowanna ran to meet her real brother who stood in a daze.     
She slapped her real brother, Torleik, into reality then pulled him to a tree so he could climb and escape some of the grumners that had lost interest in those under Thassalon. She jumped out of the way when Iona, now brandishing Gardarr8 Svavarsson’s sword, burst past her and into the heat of the battle with Erland and the Draugar. Anxious, seeing Meilí and Trygve joining Iona, Arrowanna screamed again. Torleik broke free of her grasp and went to help the others. She jumped and caught a limb on the tree. She clawed her way up, climbing out of reach of the menacing grumners who had already torn into her calves. She saw Jit and Giddy dive back into Charleo’s beard as he came racing from the forest, Lucasphair hot on his heels.
“Iona! Behind ye!” Charleo shouted. 
Arrowanna watched Iona turn and filet the two Draugar coming up on her. Their bodies, sliced in two, fell to the ground, yet they continued to move and thrash. “Iona! Look out! They’re not dead. They’re coming back to get you!” 
Iona looked at the motionless Draugar lying beside her and shouted to Arrowanna, “Trust SUL! Your vision is being clouded with what this Evil wants you to see!” Iona maneuvered her sword once more, slaying another Draugar. 
Arrowanna closed her eyes and willed her trust to elevate to the level she had experienced in the underwater battle with the Draugar of the Abyss. When she opened her eyes she saw the Draugar dropping and remaining motionless. “Iona! You’re a hero! And so is Charleo...and my brothers!” 
Iona shouted in return, “As are you!” 
Erland came charging toward the grumners that were encircling Thassalon. He clutched them in his mighty jaws and tossed them one by one away from Devario and the others. When he made a snapping dive toward the next one, it turned to dust. 
Arrowanna heard a shrill cry. When the air cleared from the rustling dirt and leaves, she saw Charleo standing with a readied bow and arrow in his hands. Meili shouted out a victory cry. Charleo’s expression was wild with a passion for victory—even though temporary—over Lucasphair and his grumner’s demise. 
“I did it, Sis! I did it.” Arrowanna could not believe that Meilí had launched from a branch above and driven his +Ulfberh+t5 sword straight through where a heart, if Lucasphair had had one, should have been, temporarily dusting him. But even at that she knew their battle was far from over.
Erland growled in a fit of rage so vicious it made Arrowanna take special notice. She could tell he had turned furious beyond control. She watched Iona, Torleik, and Trygve still wreaking havoc on the few leftover Draugar, and she secretly hoped Erland would join them. He did, and not long into the fight she watched her dear Erland, the bear, take a blow from a Draugr that rolled him over four times. Erland stood and forcibly ran toward the Draugr. Meilí met him halfway, and together they slaughtered the last Draugr present. Together they let out a cry of victory that sent the adrenaline rushing through Arrowanna’s veins.
Arrowanna climbed down from the tree and ran to meet Erland. She greeted the bear with open arms. But instead of changing back into the boy she loved, he remained the bear. He reared, growled with rage, and swiftly slung one large bear paw across Arrowanna, slicing open the skin on her thigh. She looked up and felt his hot carnivorous breath coat her face as he ravenously licked her blood from the pointed tips of his claws. He looked at her with fire in his eyes. She saw his teeth dripping with blood and saliva and watched him raise his massive paw back into the air. He forced it toward Arrowanna. She ducked, and Erland, the bear, fell flat on his face. But he was quick to get back up.
“Erland! What are you doing?” she cried.
“Yip yap! Yip, yip!” Arrowanna heard Wiskee. She assumed from his tone that he was coaxing her to run, so she took off. 
Erland, the bear, raced after her. He pounced and snagged her legs out from under her. She rolled over, lying on her back. Erland rose on his hind legs. The look in his eyes had intensified by leaps and bounds. 
Scared stiff, Arrowanna could not move. She cried, “Erland, please. What are you doing? It’s me, Arrowanna.” She closed her eyes. She waited for him to bring his enormous body forcefully down onto her, crushing her, certain he would be her death. 
But she did not feel the bear land on her. She opened her eyes and found Erland, the boy, standing over her, weeping.
“Erland. Don’t cry.” Arrowanna got to her feet and held him.
“Nei!” Erland shouted. “Don’t touch me. I am not worthy of you. It’s just as they said. The tales of old are true. A berserkr cannot control his anger and rage and cannot decipher his friends from his foes when in the berserkr form.”
“That’s okay. I understand.” Arrowanna reached to hug Erland once again. 
“Nei!” he shouted at her again. “Don’t. Please don’t.” He pushed her away and dropped to his knees. His next words shot through Arrowanna like a fiery arrow. “You must kill me while I am human.”
She gasped. “Don’t be ridiculous. I’m not going to kill you. You just got caught up in all the chaos. It could have happened to anyone. I don’t hold it against you.”
“You’re not listening. You must kill me before I turn back into the bear. It took everything I had to overcome the rage and turn back into Erland the boy just now,” he panted, barely able to speak. “I’ll never be able to accomplish that feat again, because now that I’ve tasted your blood, I’ll not know the difference between you and an enemy when I’m the bear. You must kill me.”
Erland’s begging tone haunted Arrowanna. She said, “I...I...can’t. I can’t do that. I can’t kill someone I love. And who’s to say you’ll ever have to turn into the bear again?”
Arrowanna heard Jit whisper in her ear, “Remember our conversation in the giant lotus flowers? Sometimes we don’t like what we have to do for the sake of Good, but nonetheless, it is for the sake of Good. Triumph does not come without tragedy in most cases.” She heard Jit’s wings buzz as he flew away. 
She stared directly into Erland’s eyes. Her voice was hardly audible. “Please don’t make me kill you, Erland. That is something I cannot do.”
“But you must. It must be a hero who slays me, or I’ll suffer the fate of the Draugar. I don’t want to be a living-dead Viking. Being a Viking was hard enough on Earth. And I don’t want to risk suffering the same fate as FAZ. If I die as the boy at the tip of a sword, perhaps SUL will have mercy on me.”
“You were a Viking?” Arrowanna watched Erland nod with what she assumed was honor.
“I was. I was their leader in battle. I would turn into the bear and kill everything in my path. When I ended up here with the others, I discovered my berserkr state came with me.” He hung his head in shame. “When I first met you, I had been working with the Draugar, and it was I who was supposed to take the elemental pieces from you. Then I looked into your eyes and felt something I had never felt before,” he looked up at her, “...and that was love. I thought that your love, because it was such an incredible feeling, would keep me from ever attacking you, but it didn’t.” Erland looked deeper into Arrowanna’s eyes. “Like Trygve, I’ve learned that love is the greatest magic of all, and for that very reason I want to go to Maycly when this is all said and done.” He wiped Arrowanna’s tears away then moved back. “I love you Arrowanna. Now, and always. But you must kill me. I’m a threat to you and your family and friends.”
Arrowanna sensed Trygve’s presence behind her. She turned and said, “How long have you been standing there?”
“Long enough.” 
Arrowanna saw his eyes fill with tears, like hers. “Oh Trygve. I can’t kill the boy who loves me. What good is there in that?” In a panic, she turned to Erland and said, “How about if you try to kill me as the bear again, I’ll get Trygve to kill you. He’s big and strong. And he’s a hero.”
Trygve said, “Sometimes we cannot see the Good at the moment. But I can vouch for Erland. He is a berserkr, and since he has turned on you, he must be killed by a hero while he is still a boy.  It is impossible to kill him when he is the bear.”
Choking on her words as she screamed through her tears Arrowanna blasted, “But I can’t live with myself knowing I will have killed the one I love!”
Erland’s voice sounded mystical to Arrowanna when he said, “But I want none other to end my misery than the one I love. I can’t go on living, knowing I may recklessly kill you.” He looked at Meilí, “And it would be an honor to die at the blade of an +Ulfberh+t5, especially Trygve’s.” He motioned to Meilí to give Arrowanna one of the swords.
Arrowanna turned her head away. “NEI! I won’t take it. I won’t do it.” 
Meilí, not sure what to do, looked at Iona. Iona approached him, and out of the corner of her eye Arrowanna saw Iona take the sword. 
Iona tried to hand the sword to Arrowanna, but still she would not take it.  
“Please, Arrowanna, please.” Erland’s begging brought further refusal to Arrowanna.
“Nei! Besides, I’m not a hero!”
Arrowanna felt a sword being placed in her hand. She looked down and saw the handle of the shiny +Ulfberh+t5 resting in her palm. She closed her eyes and pondered. She felt someone’s hand take hers. She opened her eyes and looked down. She badly wanted to stop the next motion but could not. She felt her hand rise then strike a mighty blow into Erland’s heart and slice down to his stomach. Erland dropped, then gurgled. Blood seeped from his mouth and crawled down his chin. He looked at Arrowanna, smiled, and whispered through the blood, “Thank you, my love.” Then he collapsed, his eyes locked on Arrowanna, the blood still dripping from his mouth, the smile still present on his lifeless lips.
Arrowanna dropped the sword, bent and kissed him. She screamed in such desperation, her chest ached, and her lungs became breathless. The same hand that had maneuvered the sword reached around her and hugged her. She heard Iona whisper in her ear, “Know that I have felt your pain and can understand how hard it is. But if you trust SUL at this very moment, I assure you He will have something very special for you, and Erland.”
Arrowanna buried her head in Iona’s dress. Her breathing stuttered in and out.
Iona gently raised Arrowanna’s head, pointed and said, “Look.”
Arrowanna looked at her beloved lying motionless. She rubbed the tears from her eyes and saw Erland’s spirit rise from his blood-covered body. Erland’s glowing, living, peaceful spirit hovered just above his corpse. He looked at Arrowanna and said, “I am fine. Thank you again. I am no longer in misery.”
Arrowanna reached for his ghostly form, but before she could touch him Carbreyghal appeared and said to Arrowanna, “Do not be afraid. I have been summoned by our Queen Iona to make a special delivery.” Arrowanna pulled her hand to her chest and watched in awe as Carbreyghal took Erland’s spirit by the hand. “He will be waiting for you on Maycly. Now go and place the Element.”
Arrowanna watched Carbreyghal melt into the sky with Erland’s spirit in his hand. She had not seen Erland look so happy in their short time together. 
33
Coral and Catastrophe

Iona encouraged Devario and the rest to head for home and assured them Arrowanna would meet them there. Devario understood what Iona was trying to accomplish; he knew his daughter would not want to go into the castle if they were all present. So he nodded at Iona and handed her some magic leaves to be used on Arrowanna’s leg. While Arrowanna’s wounds were healing, Devario gave her a pep talk assuring her she would do well. He then took everyone home.
Iona took Arrowanna by the hand once again, and they ran into the castle’s foyer. Iona hesitated. “Shh. We must listen for any signs of acceptance or rejection.”
“Who goes there other than The Carrier?” a low, authoritative voice rang.
“It is Iona, Queen of Maycly. I’ve come to help The Carrier, Arrowanna. For I hold the last piece of magic—the emerald gem—that the elemental piece requires to begin the shooting of the ribbon of stars to Planet Sky.” Iona could feel Arrowanna’s hand trembling and becoming clammy.
A lifetime of silence seemed to linger. Then the voice answered, “You may enter with The Carrier.”
Charleo’s voice echoed from the castle doorway. “Iona! The starfish be a-dancin’ on top of the water. I can see ’em from here. Ye need ta be a-hurryin’!”
The low voice rang from inside the castle. “I speak to The Carrier. Put the coral pieces together.” Iona let loose Arrowanna’s hand. Arrowanna fumbled with the pieces getting them out of her pocket. Iona reached to help her. 
“DO NOT touch the coral pieces, Queen Iona. You may enter with The Carrier, as you are of royal blood, but you are not of Carrier blood.” Iona jerked her hand back as fast as she could.
“Come on Arrowanna.” Iona anxiously watched. “You’ve got to do this.” 
“I don’t remember which piece was the first, second, and third. I can’t do this.”
“Yes you can.” The look in Iona’s eyes sent great confidence to The Carrier.
“HURRY! The starfish be a-slowin’ their dancin’ steps!” Charleo said.
“Come on Arrowanna. You heard the voice of the castle. You have to do this on your own. Now think, and put them together. Trust SUL.”
Arrowanna knelt on the castle floor and lay the three elemental pieces side by side. She studied them, arranging and re-arranging them, scurrying to find the right combination so they would fuse into one elemental piece. After several attempts, Arrowanna could not think of another combination. Iona knelt beside her and wrapped one arm around the poor, nervous, confused teenager. Arrowanna picked up the coral pieces and tossed them to the ground in frustration. The pattern in which they landed proved to be the pattern needed to fuse together.
Arrowanna and Iona watched as the brilliantly colored pieces of coral melted together. Fiery lines shot through the seams. Then an indentation appeared. It filled with green light that in a few moments shot straight up, then turned and sped toward the emerald in Iona’s crown.
“Your crown! The emerald! The emerald goes in the indentation where the green ray is coming from,” Arrowanna reached for the emerald.
Iona, quick to stop her from touching her crown, said. “You must not touch the crown with the gem still embedded. I’ll remove it for you.” Once in Iona’s hand, the emerald glowed. She felt her magical birthmark warm, and that comforted her. She handed the gem to Arrowanna.
Arrowanna took the gem. When it touched the emerald ray, it ripped from Arrowanna’s hand and lowered itself into the indentation. When it fused to the elemental piece, the piece began to rise.
The commanding castle’s voice became louder. “The Element is complete. Bring it to me in the royal room.”
“But, I don’t know where the royal room is.” Arrowanna started to cry.
“The starfish! Hurry!” Charleo’s voice sounded tense.
“Iona. Would you please come with me?” Arrowanna took Iona’s hand in hers.
“Of course. Let’s go.”
Arrowanna and the Queen of Maycly ran far into the castle. They heard Charleo’s voice fading behind them.
The extremely high ceilings were filled with tranquil music. It was the same music Iona had heard when she and Thassalon arrived on Planet Water, leading her to believe the castle was the musical piece providing the water with its lovely scores. Iona went with her gut feeling and led Arrowanna down a corridor to the right. The corridor dead-ended in a T. The endless, tall hallways in either direction offered no clues. Iona went with her gut once again and turned to the left. A golden light began to shine at what Iona hoped would be the royal room. As they neared the light, its brightness intensified. Iona felt they had no choice but to run to the light.
When they were inside the light, the deep voice resounded. “You have reached the light of the royal room. Be not afraid. Stand and wait. I will open the door so you may enter the royal room.”
Iona and Arrowanna stood together, hand in hand. Iona said, “Don’t cry, we’re almost there. Be strong. Be strong for Erland.” 
Arrowanna said, “I can do this for Erland.” She straightened and felt bravery overtake her. “But most of all, for SUL.”
Iona smiled.
A sparkling purple opening appeared in the gold. “That way!” Arrowanna shouted. This time Arrowanna took Iona’s hand and led the way. Iona could not have been happier to feel the confidence in Arrowanna’s grip.
They passed through the glittering doorway and found themselves in the royal room. Both Arrowanna and Iona felt at ease in the commanding atmosphere. The royal room was actually filled with water, yet it remained dry. Its walls moved with water tunnels filled with brightly colored sea creatures of a smaller nature. The large, seashell throne glistened in the rays that cut through the glass ceiling.
After scouting out the scenery of the room, they noticed, hovering before them, the figure of a very large merman wearing a crown that was two feet tall. His muscular chest and stomach were striped with royal blue, orange, and turquoise, revealing that he must be a ruler of Good. His twenty or so massive, yet delicate, striped, transparent fins protruded like wings with spikes on the ends. Deep purple and yellow feathery fronds drooped gracefully from each pointed tip. His shining eight-foot long trident demanded respect. His large gold and black ruffled tail fins slowly moved back and forth, Arrowanna figuring apparently to keep him afloat. The merman bowed then spoke. “I am Pterois Mandar, king of Planet Water.”
Arrowanna stood with her mouth agape.
Iona bowed and nudged Arrowanna to do the same. “I am Iona, Queen of Maycly. It is a pleasure to meet you, King Pterois Mandar. I don’t mean to be so rude as to meet and depart in seemingly one breath, but there is much at stake for SUL’s new Earth. I give to you Arrowanna, The Carrier.” Iona bowed once again, and let go Arrowanna’s hand.
“What do I do now?” Arrowanna, still crouched in a bow, could feel the familiar lump in her throat.
“You rise and do what King Pterois Mandar requests.”
Iona nodded and excused herself from the royal room.
Arrowanna looked at the king. He smiled and pleasantly spoke, “The elemental piece you hold must be placed in the cutout that lies in my trident.” He lowered it for Arrowanna to do as he had asked.
Arrowanna placed the elemental piece in the staff. She felt a hot flash consume her hand. She watched the tip of the staff spark and shoot small bolts of lightning. When she felt the elemental piece was secure she pulled her hand back and asked King Pterois Mandar if she had made it in time. He returned no answer, and held no expression. He merely told Arrowanna her work there was done and she was free to leave. She hesitated for a moment, wondering if she had gotten it right, before she began her trip back through the labyrinth of the castle. She listened for something, anything good, or bad, from SUL. But her most inward place, where she had heard SUL all along, echoed with emptiness. Defeated, she spoke to herself in a whisper, “I hope I can find my way out of here...but then again for what? My Erland is gone.”
*  *  *
Upon Iona’s exit from the castle, she found Thassalon awaiting her, Wiskee and Spike on his back. She looked for Seior Eik4 but could not see the ship from where she stood. She hoped that Charleo and the Sprites had returned safely to the ship. I assume Devario, Kelpie, Sidra, Parexo, Meilí, Torleik, Skapraun, and Trygve will be at home when, or if, Arrowanna arrives. Iona hated the thought of “if,” and it led her to worry about her missing son, Jonji. She longed for her husband, Cole, to press his warm lips against her cheek once more. But she knew she had a job to do before she could tend to any of those things. She put her trust in SUL and called for Thassalon to lower his wing. She hopped onto his back and took her place at the reins. “Hyah!” she shouted. His mighty wings thumped the ground, and tree branches snapped as he took to the sky, the sounds echoing.
Once in the air Iona guided Thassalon so as to look for Seior Eik4. When she eventually saw the tall ship, she realized the thumping and snapping echoes of Thassalon’s take-off had not been echoes at all. Instead, Iona beheld a disastrous scene on the churning horizon of the lighted waters. Seior Eik4 was being overtaken by a giant sea serpent.
Iona felt the scar on her face become hot. When she touched it with her fingers it burned. She realized the tip of the spear—the one with those tiny, piercing red eyes—that had penetrated Thassalon’s wing had not been completely destroyed. She knew it had come back to life, just as it had tried to do before it had been decapitated.
Iona saw the wood splintering from Seior Eik4 and heard the living ship wailing in pain. She watched as fire erupted on deck from broken lanterns. She could see the rigging become taut then snap and fray when the creature’s thick, slimy tail slapped around the masts. She watched in awe as the flames crawled up the sails that whipped in the vicious wind.
Iona knew she must do something before going to Planet Sky. She called for Thassalon to lower himself barely above the water. They flew at the speed of a shooting star, all the while Iona keeping a targeted eye out for Charleo, Jit, and Giddy. “Charleo! Charleo! Where are you?” Her screams seemed futile as they disappeared in the deafening loudness of the destruction before her.
Thassalon made a sudden banking movement to avoid being clutched in the evil sea serpent’s flailing body. Iona did not look back when she heard the serpent smack into the ship before sliding into the water. The deep, guttural sounds of the evil creature raised the hair on her neck. But she remained focused, still looking for Charleo and the Sprites.
Thinking she had witnessed the worst, Iona found she was sadly mistaken. “SUL! Help us!” She bellowed when the creature shot straight up from the water. It came within inches of knocking Thassalon off course, but between Thassalon’s agility, Iona’s keen guidance with the reins, and her certain trust in SUL, they avoided disaster, unscathed. She pulled on the reins, urging Thassalon to fly higher, above the pursuing, sludge-filled suction cups on the pursuing monster. She turned Thassalon, positioning him to make another pass. But he refused to move as the sea serpent screeched louder than ever and slammed into Seior Eik4. Splinters, flaming sails, and ropes shot out from under the beast. The creature slid back into the water without another sound. Nothing remained of Seior Eik4 but a few bits of floating debris. 
Iona had not felt this vulnerable since the day FAZ had dragged his wings over top of her on the Skygem Alps on Maycly. She began to cry. “Oh Charleo, Jit, Giddy, I’ve failed you.” Wiskee lapped Iona’s tears.
“Nae, ye havena.” Iona saw Charleo and the two Sprites peeking out of a Wispy Coach!
Stunned, as much as she had been on the day he arrived in a Wispy Coach in her studio apartment on Earth, Iona said, “Are you kidding me?”
“Nae! I be not a-kiddin’ ye!” Charleo said with a chuckle.
Iona could not help but ask, “What happened?”
“We said our good-byes to Devario and the rest, and I told the Sprites, ‘Our work here be done.’ We headed for Seior Eik4, boarded, and I was ready ta be a-settin’ sail inta the sky and a-headin’ fer Maycly when all Targrum broke loose! If ye hadna called fer SUL when ye did, we might still have been on that ship when she met her end. We had no way ta fight back against somethin’ so big n’ brawny...or be that ‘briny’?”
“Oh Charleo, you crack me up! I’m so glad you and the Sprites are OK."
Charelo smiled and said, “We’ll be a-waitin’ fer yer return ta Maycly. Now go! Fly ta Planet Sky!” Charleo tossed her a salute.
Iona smiled and returned a salute. She watched Charleo duck back into the Wispy Coach—still wearing his admiral’s hat—and the coach vanished just as it had from her apartment so long ago.
Iona guided Thassalon to fly high and fast, onward to Planet Sky. She did not yet see the ribbon of stars shooting from Planet Water; she saw only a few starfish barely moving their points, dancing atop the water. Iona whispered, “Come on Arrowanna, you can do it. You’re not just The Carrier, you’re my hero.”
34
Answers to Her Questions

Arrowanna exited the castle. Her heart sank when she saw no one there to greet her. Panicked, she began to run for home and stumbled over something lying on the path. She somehow managed to fall no farther than to her knees. Angry at herself for not seeing the obstacle, she picked herself up and brushed off her bunad. What she saw intrigued her, so she bent down and picked it up. It was a small book. She turned it over in her hand, brushed the dust from it, and saw Torleik’s name etched on the front cover. It must be his journal! She was torn; was this her real brother’s journal, or had it been intentionally placed there intending to lead her astray? She did not feel right about invading her brother’s privacy, if it really was his, but she wanted to open and read it. 
She had to know.  
She felt guilty when she looked at the first page and saw the words, “Day 1 on Seior Eik4.” She breathed a sign of relief. With a bit more guilt she flipped to a random page and found a title that led her to assume the journal held the answers to the questions she had been longing to ask Torleik. This page was titled, “Day 1 of my life as a prisoner of the Draugar of the Abyss.” She turned the page and read a sentence: “I tried to escape using a rowboat I found on the shore, but after launching it, it became obvious that it was un-seaworthy.” She closed the book and slipped it into the pocket of her bunad.
The ground shook. I hope that’s the ribbon of stars beginning to shoot toward Planet Sky, and not just the islands bumping into each other.
Arrowanna ran as fast as she could, eager to reach the comfort of her warm home and her loving family and friends.








HIDDEN EARTH SERIES

Volume 1: Maycly the Trilogy
Part 1 “Two Altered Worlds”
Part 2 “The Battle of Trust and Treachery”
Part 3 “The Queen”
Maycly is a world everyone longs to experience. Its creative creatures, fantastic flora, and stunning lineup of characters immerses you in the action. You’ll find yourself believing you are living the adventures, the trials, and the triumphs in a world where love is the greatest magic of all.

Volume 2: Planet Land
“The Adventures of Cub and Nash”
Jump into this fantasy western adventure where cowboys aren’t always nice, horses aren’t quite what you’re used to, and time is off kilter. The race is on, and it’s up to two ten-year-old boys to do their part for the sake of Good. A fast-paced, rootin’-tootin’ adventure that will have you laughing, crying, and cheering all the way.

Volume 3: Planet Water
“Draugar of the Abyss”
Board an enchanted tall-ship along with Arrowanna and her crew. It will take you deep beneath the waves into the haunted caves where once-dead vikings dwell. This aquatic adventure will have you on the edge of your captain’s chair as you dodge close calls, stumble upon fascinating information, and try to make it to the castle on time.

Volume 4:  Planet Sky
“Search of the Winged Carrier” 
(to be released at a later date)
Kiwi makes a magical discovery. She ventures out in search of answers from the mystical one no one dares visit. But when Kiwi learns the answers, she realizes she has gotten herself into quite a predicament. Danger abounds as dragons and fowl become entangled in the web of adventure that takes Kiwi and her best friends on a journey of aerial excitement.

Volume 5:  Planet Fire
“The Volcano of Temptation”
(to be released at a later date)
As if finding out he’s The Carrier isn’t enough, the thing Hehu is supposed to be carrying keeps moving. The action is nonstop in this prehistoric Polynesian, molten lava-filled adventure.

Volume 6:  SUL’s New Earth
“The Dreams, The Quest, The Magic”
(to be released at a later date)
The grand finale to the Hidden Earth Series is spectacular. Discover the dreams, the quest, the magic. One last epic battle of Good versus Evil is fought in a way you can’t even imagine. Your journey will end, and you’ll wave goodbye to your favorite characters. You’ll discover why Maycly is a world everyone longs to experience and a place where love is the greatest magic of all.


